


		    









	                             CAUGHT IN THE MIDDLE  
        				 
   
      
         	  	   	      THE SIMISOLA                 
 


























CONTENTS 
Chapter One 
Chapter Two 
Chapter Three 
Chapter Four 
Chapter Five 
Chapter Six 
Chapter Seven 
Chapter Eight 
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Epilogue
Index 
From the Desk of The Simisola

Copyright © 2017 
The Simisola 
All rights reserved. No part of this e-book may be used or reproduced or reproduced by any means, graphic, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping or by any information storage retrieval system without the written permission of the writer. This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment and cannot be resold 
All characters, names, descriptions and traits are the product of the author?s imaginations. Similarities of actual people, living or dead are purely coincidental.

















                              CHAPTER ONE
ADENIKE Jaye fell into a chair at her favorite study room, removed her aching feet from her undersized shoes, and arranged her books on the table. After a long day of attending classes, completing group assignment and making arrangement for the upcoming executives’ retreat of her fellowship, she barely had enough time to prepare for her test on Friday. There was so much to do and so little time. Every day just seemed like a never ending rush even for a three hundred level student in the university. What could be more demanding than all she had to deal with right now? Maybe being the CEO of a multi-million dollar company, or managing the World Bank.
Nike has she was fondly called, studied the course of her dream, business management at Oregun Federal University. She was tall, light skinned and had a beautiful oval shaped face, adorned with cute dimples. She could not be missed in a crowd as she drew attention wherever she went. Though she was termed “SU” most guys still tried their best to ask her out on dates. 
She was the head usher and also the welfare secretary of the Great Cornerstone Fellowship, which had over five hundred members and was one of the most popular fellowships on campus. The impact of the weekly executive meetings’ usually on her academics could not be downplayed. She hardly had time to study because of the many meetings she had to attend; fellowship meetings, executives’ meetings and departmental meetings.
As if that was not enough, the new pastor of her fellowship was her ex-fiancée. She broke off the relationship a year ago because she had caught him in a compromising position with one of the sisters in the fellowship. He was still the choir coordinator of the same fellowship at the time and he had always tried to involve her in several illicit sexual escapades. Only few people knew the whole reason for the break-up, and she never bothered to volunteer more information than was necessary, as she did not want to instigate any form of gossip. 
However she knew most people blamed her for the break in their relationship, and most of her friends have not stopped wondering why she would let go of such a good guy. If only they knew that he was not has innocent has he appeared. She could not totally blame him though, at the time she agreed to go out with him, she was young and easily swayed by a guy who quoted the scriptures and led the choir; he had deep baritone voice. 
He was the fellowship’s most eligible bachelor and he chose her, how could she not be swept off her feet? She never prayed with him or about him, she believed he would just be perfect for her; being so “worded”, he was perfect husband material.
Why was she even bothering so much about all that? It is all past now and it is the least bit of her worries. She comforted herself with the fact that he would not have gotten to the position of the senior pastor, if God did not want him there. 
She channeled her thoughts to the present situation at hand, which this bad timed power outage just added to; thank goodness she had come with her flashlight.
She had a weekend retreat to prepare for, an executives’ meeting to attend and an important test to study for. “Gosh!” she gasped as she pointed her flashlight to her watch. She had barely four hours before study time would be over. “Lord, I need your extra-ordinary abilities more than ever,” she muttered under her breath as she flipped the pages of the book she was studying to see what she had left to cover.
Not too long after that, she heard noises at the back of the class. She turned around to check and saw a guy hailing another outside the class. The other person sauntered into the dark class; he was tall and was with some other guys who appeared to be his bodyguards. The other guys in the class joined in the hailing chorus which by now was becoming almost uproarious or so she exaggeratedly thought. She was going to caution them and tell them, stating the obvious fact that this was a classroom, but then on second thoughts, she kept her cool and told herself it wasn’t worth entangling herself with any cult troubles, suppose they were members of one of the rumored cults on campus.
The tall figure in the dark walked towards her and sat in a seat few feet away from her. Power was restored right about this moment and she was grateful for how short the outage was. He looked in her direction to return the “hailing” that was thrown at him by one of his fans. She turned and saw it was Rolling Dollars, “Ree-Dee” for short. He was one of her annoying colleagues, her senior though; he was a final year student. She hissed and turned back to her books. Rich kids usually annoyed her especially the ones who guys and girls bent over to please and this Ree-Dee wasn’t any different.
He is said to be of royal blood and an heir to a throne in South Africa. Rumor has it also that his parents owned a good number of renowned companies in Nigeria and other properties to their heritage. As if that was not enough, he was one of the top students in her department, not to mention how annoyingly handsome he was; annoying because he knew it and was one proud fellow. Always flaunting himself all about the place and flashing his charming smile every chance he gets. How does one person get to be so lucky? He had everything going for him. Spoilt Rich Kids! Nike hissed again and continued reading.
Ree-Dee whose name was actually Gboyega turned in the direction of where the hiss came from. He was used to girls making sounds and acting funny just to get his attention but if this lady thought that was all it took; she had better go up her game and try again. She sounded like an injured snake! This was the reason he did not read outside the confines of his house, going to classes was much hassle for him; everyone wanted to be his friend in any way possible. He thought it was nice at some point but then it got really exhausting. The ladies made it so easy for him, so the “ladies man” reputation was not even something to be proud of.
As a “fresher”, he did not know any better; he was free and had everyone on campus doting on him. Life was good! That could make anyone drift off his senses for a bit, let alone a rich teenage boy who just left the clutches of his strict parents.
Now, he was proud that he had better self-control, but more importantly he had received Jesus. All thanks to God and the mentorship of the senior pastor of his church Rhema Assembly International. 
He smiled ruefully and shook his head, he knew most of his past friends do not believe he has changed but he knew he was different. Dear Jesus! How he loved Him, how grateful he was. They would just have to come to terms with his new life.
As he tried to return his focus to his study, the lady hissed again and began packing her bag noisily. He wondered what was going on with her. Apparently Nike had been trying to study but she was being distracted by all the girls drooling at him. He had also been smiling like the sex addict that he was. She was taking time to leave and was getting grumpier so he asked nicely, “Excuse me, can you be quitter? I am little bit distracted by the noise”
“Are you talking to me?” She asked with her eyebrows raised in disbelief.
“Yes ma’am” he responded wondering why she was so edgy.
She sighed to calm herself, put her bag down and looked him in the eye, “Ree-Dee or whatever it is you are called, I am surprised that you are actually here to study, really, I am. You and your minions are the reason I am leaving, you were the ones that upturned this room and yet you are asking me to keep it down?” She picked up her bag, “I don’t have time for this”.
“My name is Adegboyega Hilma Benson, if you were trying to steal a conversation, you didn’t have to be rude about it”, he flashed his smile
Why is this one smiling? She thought as she looked at him with disdain, sized him up and left muttering under her breath, “Stupid rich kids!” By now everyone in the class was looking, and those outside looked in to see what was happening.
That was quite a scene, he thought. Throwing his hands in the air, he said a little loudly “That goes today's reading”. He packed his books and left, catching a few flirty smiles on his way out. They just always have to make a scene, don’t they? This one was quite pretty anyways and pretty good at her act too. 
Just as he was at the door, someone called, “Sorry Ree-Dee” she said and waved slightly. “Don’t mind that girl. She is one of those fellowship sisters that think they are better than everyone else. She be your junior sef o”. He nodded his head in appreciation with a faint smile and headed out. He had that girl’s face etched in his mind now and her funny reaction, what was he to do with that?
 He wasn’t even angry; he was used to the drama.  He usually went with the flow and gave them what they wanted, while pretending to be falling for their scheme. But there was no need for that anymore.
Nike was seething when she left the study room but she caught herself in the middle of it. She rarely got angry, more so, she never displayed her anger outside like that, let alone in public. Even when her ex, Pastor Mike, ridiculed her at most executives’ meetings, she never gave him the luxury that she was pained. She was a Christian, she should have tried to control her anger and not reduce herself before people like Ree-Dee.
She was quite happy that she said her mind to him though, she had been meaning to for a long time. He was notoriously known to be condescending, especially towards girls. She even knew ladies who had been played by him. Though she was not that naïve to lay all the blame on him; no reasonable girl should carelessly entrust her heart out to a guy like that. He was totally non-reformatory!
She went into another room to study; she could not afford a B in this course now. She hoped to pass out with a first class and nothing in the world was going to stop her. She was going to make her struggling parents proud.


				







                                  CHAPTER TWO
THE lecture room for the class was very rowdy and noisy. While some students hung outside to finish their last minute study for the test, some sat together in groups discussing past questions while others were indifferent as they noisily chattered. The reason for the indifference could be because there had been a notice, that lecturers in the department had a meeting with the Dean of the faculty, Nike thought.
She turned back to her books to finish her revision. She was sure of acing the test if it held today. She looked around again and pushed out the unnecessary apprehension that was seen on most of her colleagues. “I do not have the spirit of fear, but love, power and sound mind”, she muttered as she turned back to Anna and Funso, her best friends who sat by her side also revising for the test.  
Anna looked up from her book and caught Nike’s eyes. She was not only one of Nike's best friend but also the sister's coordinator of Great Cornerstone fellowship, “Nike what is wrong with you?" Anna asked.
 Nike smiled ruefully and said, “Nothing, Mummy Anna just thinking about the test and wondering if it would take place”. 
She was grateful for the timely arrival of the lecturer as everyone started to shuffle, putting their bags and books away. She knew Anna didn’t buy the garbage response she just gave. Other than the fact that she was a bad liar; Anna knew her pretty well and was going to probe further. At least she had escaped this session for now, thanks to Mr Afolabi. 
Mr Afolabi who was nicknamed “Fobz” by students, stood in front of the class and shouted, “Everyone drop your bags and books outside. I have no time to waste.” The sight of desperate students trying to cram just one more thing before the test began put a tiny smile in the corner of her mouth as she shook her head and released a light chuckle. Perhaps some of them may get lucky enough to catch an “expo” before they rush back to their seats. He continued, “I would not be the one to invigilate you but your senior colleagues would be here with you. I have a meeting with the Dean but if you are caught cheating you would be severely punished”. Looking at the back, he called out “Gboye and Tony please do as I have instructed you; the test is just for forty five minutes,” with that he left.
Nike sat back on her seat after dropping her bag. Thank God they listened to the Holy Spirit’s prompting not to believe any rumor about today’s test not holding. She bowed her head and said a quick prayer as the questions were passed by the invigilators. Nike looked up just as Ree-Dee handed her the question paper, he just has to be everywhere, like a mobile bill board. She sighed.
She was just going to do her test and move on to the gazillion other things she had to attend to. One of which was finding very good accommodation for the executives’ retreat. It was not so easy to find a fairly comfortable and cheap place these days; the dilemma of a Welfare Secretary, even in the test hall. She shook it off her mind and focused on the questions before her.
The test started, Nike concentrated on her question and started drafting her answers at the back of the question to avoid getting the answer booklet rough.
“You are free to ask your friends for the answer quietly, or what do you think Gboye?” one of the invigilators asked. Nike looked up from her question paper at the invigilators. Who encourages such nonsense? Shameless people! She thought.  Even though she knew the voice belonged to the other guy, but did birds of the same feather not fly together? If these were the people to stand in for their lecturer, they can as well assume this was a group assignment. 
“Tony please stop encouraging them to cheat” Gboyega cautioned his friend, and then he turned to the class, “If I catch anyone cheating I would write a malpractice report on your answer sheet”.
As much as he would love to criticize Tony for encouraging them to cheat, he knew he would have said the same thing two years ago when he was not saved. He prayed quietly again for Tony as he looked through the class.
There goes the fierce cuteness he thought. He smiled as their eyes locked in for a brief moment. He had noticed her barely five minutes into his being in the hall. Apparently, she was as “prim and proper” as she portrayed; she was sitting in the front row. She appeared serious too, she was doing her work but he liked the thought that somewhere from the corner of her eye, she was stealing quick glances at him. He was almost sure that when she got tired of her game she would give up and melt like butter before him He had met some ladies in church when he just got saved and what he had found out about them made him not to make general assumptions about everyone that claims to be a Christian. He had given up on love for now.
“Gotcha!” He thought. He had caught her staring again but he wasn’t sure what it was, was that admiration or irritation? It had to be the former. He awaited their conversation after the test. This was far from being arrogant, but he knew all about female gimmicks to know that she was interested in him. 
However much to his chagrin, she had filled his thoughts for the past three days, and somehow he wanted to see her again. Looking at her from the podium has she bent her head and scribbled answers on her answer booklet, shameful though that she had a nasty attitude to go along with such a pretty face.
Love was not even on his to-do list for now; he just wanted to concentrate on getting his bachelor’s degree and further his studies in Canada immediately after graduation.
Nike was irritated, but why? Maybe she was disappointed that he disappointed her. Who was this guy anyways, that made her think about him so much in just a few minutes, and while she was writing a test too? He wasn’t worth it, she shrugged the thought off. She scribbled down her last answer and looked over her answers from the top. She handed over her script and went out to wait for her friends. 
Immediately her friends came out, Nike walked towards them and held out their hand bags “How was the test Anna and Funso?” she asked
“We bless God jare, Nike”, Funso replied tiredly. 
“How can they encourage cheating during the test? What is this department turning into? I know they are bunch of irresponsible boys but at least they should have some decency”, Anna shouted angrily at no one not bothering to answer Nike’s greeting. Students outside stopped to look at her, has she continued ranting.
Funso responded calmly, “But Anna, it was not the both of them now. Ree-Dee did not encourage it, his friend did.” 
Anna shook her head; she did not get Funso at times, the way she tries to justify bad situations was just unbecoming of a Christian, “Are you supporting them now Funso?”
“Of course not, I am just saying it is wrong to call both of them irresponsible for something just one of them did.”
“Is Ree-Dee any different?” Anna asked her voice laced with sarcasm, turning to Nike, “You should have seen how girls where crawling on him after the test. He could have cautioned his friend more sternly if he was not in support”
Funso rolled her eyes, she was always tired of Anna’s self-righteous stance at times, and everyone could not be harsh like her, adjusting her bag she said, “Excuse me Anna, all I am saying...”
Nike though in support of Anna’s assertion about Ree-Dee, wanted to stop the argument between her friends before it escalated to something else. She cut in hurriedly, “…Please both of you, we just finished a test we studied for throughout last week, and the executives’ conference is in two hours. Can we do something better than talk about Ree-Dee and his friend?” 
They both kept quiet much to the displeasure of bystanders who were all pretending to be doing something else but were actually listening in on the argument waiting for a brawl to erupt. 
Funso and Anna hardly got along; Nike was always playing the role of umpire most times when they were both in the same room. Though they were Christians, Funso was more liberal and accommodating of others fault than Anna. Anna does not believe in middle grounds, you either get it right in the faith or get out. Though she never said it out loud, Anna felt that Funso was not a serious Christian, but Nike knew when it comes down to it Funso’s life was all about God. 
Once they left the department, Funso turned sideways and said, “I am going for my dance rehearsal; I would catch up on you executives later.”
Nike shook her head and said to her friend’s retreating back. “Don't worry, I pray you are chosen as an executive next year, then you would not bail on me like this.” 
“Executive indeed”Anna scoffed, as they both turned to cross the road heading for their hostels in preparation for the executives’ conference.




*                 *               *                *                *             *               *            *                              
On Monday afternoon, Nike rushed into the fellowship’s pavilion where they usually held executives' meeting.  She was fifteen minutes late. There should not have been any meeting today, considering the fact that they just ended the executives’ conference yesterday, but no one could go against the senior pastor’s order. Her prayer was just that she would not miss the fixed class she had today by four, as Pastor Mike can talk for hours.
Immediately she came in, she noticed everyone was already seated and Pastor Mike was in front of the pavilion. She walked quietly to the backseat hoping not to draw anyone’s attention. As she was about to sit, Pastor Mike looked up and told her to stand up.
“You are late Nike, would you explain to the whole house why you are here fifteen minutes later than the appointed time.” Pastor Mike queried her.
She was beyond embarrassed, this was the first time she would actually come late and if not for the fact that Pastor Mike rather had a personal bone to pick with her, he would have let it slide. She regained her composure and answered apologetically. “I am sorry sir, I just found out about the meeting some minutes before I got here”
“How come? Are you not on the Whatsapp group? Even if you claim that you are not but you are in the same hostel as mummy Anna.”
“Yes, but my phone’s battery has been dead since last night and mummy Anna and I have not seen each other today as I went to the library very early. I just charged when power was restored and put it on” she explained.
“You are just full of excuses aren’t you? Too bad” He said, earning a few snickers from some of the executives. Nike on the other hand managed to gain the sympathy of some.
“Sit, I’m in a good mood today so I will not be punishing anyone” he said, a smug smile on his face.
 “Thank you sir,” Nike sat down quietly as Pastor Mike continued. She had decided not to give into anger whenever he made statements like this during meetings. He was her pastor and he had the right to correct her if she was late, regardless of their history. She tried to pay attention to all he said and prayed a silent prayer that the meeting would end before her class.
After two hours passed the meeting was not yet over, she started shifting uncomfortably on her seat. She was already late and Pastor Mike was not yet through.
Nike stood up and raised her hands to seek his permission politely, “Excuse me sir, please I have a class fixed for 4pm.” The whole pavilion went silent, Pastor Mike stared at her in anger, “You came late and yet you want to leave first.”
Seeing he was already annoyed, she tried to explain to him, “I am sorry I am not asking for favors...”
Pastor Mike cut in and shouted at her, “…Then what are you doing? No one leaves this place till I am through and all phones must be switched off.”
Thirty minutes after, the meeting ended and all the executives left the pavilion. As Nike tried to rush down to class, she switched on her phone and two messages came in, one of which was from Funso. She opened Funso's message and read.
“We had a test and it was 30 marks.”
Blood drained from her face has she increased her pace and got on a bike to her department. She prayed silently as she called Funso when she got to the department.
“Hello, where are you?” Nike said in panic immediately Funso picked her call.
“I am in my room already; we have already finished the test. Where did you go?”
“I was in an impromptu executive meeting, I tried to excuse myself but I was not allowed.” Nike explained.
“This Pastor Mike sef likes causing wahala jare.” Funsho said angrily over the phone.
“What can I do now Funso? I cannot lose 30 marks.” Nike said as she tried to control herself from crying.
“Try and go to his office and beg him.”
“Ehn!...” and just like that the call ended.  She checked her phone and she realized that her air time had finished.
Looking at her purse she just had the twenty naira the bike man gave her. There was no way she could call Funso again; she would have to face her lecturer alone.
She summoned courage and prayed silently, “Just like Esther, I find favor.”



				CHAPTER THREE
FADEYI Aderibigbe reclined on his seat in his office, as he smiled at Gboyega and Tony. They were both his students but the former happened to be his female cousin’s son. Looking at them he continued his story, “Your mother was love struck when she met your dad for the first time. I can still remember then, my uncle the Iwajale of Ijale, who happened to be your grandfather disowned her for marrying your father. It was a taboo then for someone from the five Iwajale’s royal family to marry an ajeji. Your mom stood her ground and said she was not leaving her man. Families tried to plead with your grandfather and even explained that your father was also from a royal family in South Africa but the elders and your grandfather refused to budge.”
Gboyega and his colleague Tony smiled as his uncle recounted to them a tale which was no news to the Bensons’ family and was also common knowledge to members of the public.
The news of his parents’ love story was almost a myth in Nigeria. Not only were his parents famous for their royal status and wealth, but their love story was always used as an example for inter-country marriage in Africa. His parents had loved each other for a very long time and even after 26 years together; their love had never gone sour. Their public display of affection much to their children’ chagrin was published in almost every blog spots in Nigeria.
“You know Uncle, I have always wished to find a woman who I can love like that but in this age where only slay queens reign and pepper dem gang ladies are the trend, I do not think such love can ever exist.” Gboyega said as he ran his hands over his face.

Uncle Fadeyi rubbing his potbellied stomach said in mockery, “That kind of love is rare but I thought you now claim to be a Christian, what happened to all the Christian ladies in your church, you people call them virtuous women.”
Gboyega rolled his eyes at the obvious jab to his faith. “Uncle I am a Christian and I am not claiming to be. The truth is that not all ladies that attend church service are Christians, just has not everyone in this university is a student. However we do not just pick any lady just like that. Just as God directs us in our daily lives on the choices we make, we trust Him to direct us on whom to marry.”
Tony who kept quiet all the while decided to chip in his own opinion at this point. “You see those Christian ladies they are the most confusing, they can convince you into believing you are the right one for them with their numerous dreams and visions. I had a friend that one sister said the same thing to, if not that my guy na sharp guy, he would have fallen into her trap. Also they are very gullible, unlike women out there they give their love cheaply expecting nothing in return, and to me they are just plain dumb.”
Gboyega shook his head vehemently, his uncle and Tony were already turning the whole marriage topic into a jest, it was better he put a stop to the whole discussion of his faith. “They are not cheap, when it comes to their emotions some of them act like those out there. A Christian should not allow his emotions control him, however till I find my own woman, I am still single.” He concluded.
Fadeyi sat straighter. “That is just saying it lightly Gboye...” 
There was a knock on the door, putting an end to the conversation.
“Come inside.” Uncle Fadeyi bellowed.		
 Nike pushed the door and entered into Dr. Aderibigbe’s office timidly and found out that he was not alone. She had not expected any of her colleagues to be in his office, now she had to make her plea before Ree-Dee and his unserious friend. She silently said her prayers as she looked at the three pair of eyes studying her with different expressions on their faces.
“Would you care to explain to me what you want instead of standing there?” Uncle Fadeyi said impatiently, as he waited for the lady to state her business. It was common knowledge in the business management’s department, that he was always harsh to the female students. Every opportunity he had, he never failed to call them “Ashawo.”
Nike curtsied. “Excuse me sir, I wanted to see you about the test you conducted this afternoon.”
Uncle Fadeyi adjusted his glasses and glared at her. “Yes, what about it?”
She forced herself to meet his eyes and pleaded. “Sir, I was not around because of certain assignments that I had to take care of.”
Uncle Fadeyi looked at her for further explanation, when she said nothing he probed further. “What assignment was that?”
Dr. Aderibigbe was an atheist, who always tried to disprove the existence of God; he fought against any religious activity on campus and failed popular religious leaders in his department. Nike knew this, yet she could not lie even for thirty marks. She tried to look around the room to see if anyone could help her plead, but seeing the two guys’ blank faces she knew there was no need to bother.
Uncle Fadeyi scowled when she still said nothing. “I am waiting miss...” 
“…Kupoluyi Nike.” Nike quickly supplied and continued stuttering. “Ehhhmm sir I was in an impromptu executives’ meeting for my fellowship but I just got to know around 2:00pm on my way to the meeting that there was a class. I left for the meeting but did not know the meeting would not end quickly.” 
Uncle Fadeyi rarely lost his temper, but statements and outright foolishness like this irked him, looking at his nephew and Tony. “Can you imagine this one’s stupidity? Was she admitted into this University to study or to attend fellowship?’ The two guys kept quiet, knowing there was no required response to that question. 
Uncle Fadeyi turned back to Nike. “Where were you on Friday when I announced after your test that there was a fixed class today by five pm?”
Nike knelt down immediately, almost in tears has she pleaded. “Please sir I left immediately after the test for a retreat and just got back last night.”
Gboyega looked at her incredulously. The girl was just unbelievable. Did she not know that his uncle hated church or any fellowship activity? 
Uncle Fadeyi shook his head in disbelief. “You do not need the thirty marks obviously; I can see how unserious you are. Just get out of my office.”
Nike knelt down and kept on begging, holding out her two hands appealing to him. “Please sir I can explain.”
“I said get out, and just so you know I have noted your face and I promise to ensure you fail that course.” Uncle Fadeyi shouted as he stood up from his seat.
Gboyega seeing that the matter was getting out of hand, quickly stepped in. “Uncle please, e jo e ma binu.” He pleaded.
Uncle Fadeyi shook his head and shouted, ‘What are you begging me for Gboye? Young lady get out of my office.”
Nike left his office dejectedly, as tears streamed down her face. She tried to pray but she was just choked up. She did not bother to wipe her face as she continued crying along the corridor. She did not hear her name, until she felt someone's hand on her shoulder.
“Hey Nike, stop crying.” Gboyega said as she turned towards him with tear filled eyes. He had never been comfortable with crying women; he would love to be anywhere else than standing before her if not that she needed help. Trying not to be affected by her tears, he continued. “Wait here let me help you talk to him.”
Nike shook her head upon registering what he had said. “Don’t worry, I would see him again tomorrow, I don’t want to put anyone in trouble.”
Gboyega smiled, she was still showing concern for him when she was the one on the verge of losing thirty marks. “I can hardly be in trouble when I am talking to my uncle, just wait here for me.” Gboyega said as he turned away and went back into the office.
She waited as there was hardly anything she could do. She stared at him as he walked back into the office. God could anyone to help his children she reasoned.
Fifteen minutes later, Gboyega came out smiling. He did not know what had possessed him to help but he would not have found peace if he saw someone in pain and he did not do anything to ease that pain. He knew his uncle was not that mean he just hated religious activities. 
He walked up to her as she stared at the wall post before her without any focus. Looking at her closely he realized she was naturally beautiful, even though her face was devoid of makeup and swollen with tears. 
“What happened?” She inquired when she realized he was standing beside her.
“No test for you.” He started.
“Hmmm, thanks for your help anyway.” Nike said in dejection, she had known nothing would come out of it anyway; she picked her bag to leave.
Gboyega held up his hand to stop her and said. “Actually he gave me this assignment and expects you to submit first thing tomorrow.” He handed a paper to her. She collected the paper, read the question and looked at him for clarification. “An assignment?”

Gboyega smiled and confirmed. “Yes, but nothing less than 25 pages”
Nike was beyond overjoyed; this was a great testimony, looking at the question and at Gboyega. “Are you kidding me? Thank you so much, God bless you. I do not know what I can use to repay you…”
Gboyega smiled and cut in. “…Actually you know what you can use to repay me.”
Nike raised up her head in, looked at him in rage and with an even voice, she said “You must be on something if you think I would sleep with you for an assignment. I am not a prostitute you this sex starved animal. I don't care about the marks you can keep the question.” She pushed the question paper into his hand and picked up her bag that fell while collecting the question. 
Gboyega continued looking at her as if she had grown two heads. Holding up his hand and pushing the paper back into her hands, Gboyega shouted in anger, “Hey hold up, what is wrong with you? I did not say you should sleep with me and I advise you to get your thoughts out of the gutter. I just wanted you to apologize for insulting me the other day. And madam, if you claim to be pure all actions would seem pure to you.” Shaking his head and lowering his voice, “You should ensure you submit anyway, but just so you know if I needed free sex I know where to get it and most definitely not from a deranged woman like you.” He angrily said as he stormed off.
 What had she done!                                        
Throughout the night she could not sleep, she tried to explain what happened to Anna and Funso. Anna supported her actions while Funso advised her to apologize. She wanted to believe that he only said what he said because she had lashed out at his “original intentions” but on the other hand, for some reason, she was sure he was sincere. 



*                                       *                                        *                                       *                                    
“Mum I just want to get married to a beautiful woman like you.” Gboyega said over the phone, has he tried to divert his mother’s attention from discussing his marital status. His mother had called him early this morning to talk about marriage and grandbabies. If she had her way, he would be a father before travelling for his MBA. She feared he had now lost his interest in women since he got saved.
“Adegboyega oko mi, everything is not all about beauty when a woman does not have good attitude or manners no matter how physically blessed she is, she would rebel against you.” His mother continued on the phone obviously not distracted with her son’s tactics.
Gboyega groaned, this was becoming a topic for most of their conversations these days, he was just twenty six years old and was in his final year in the university yet his mother was already insinuating that he should get married. “But Mum how would you know a woman who has a bad character? We just see their faces these days, and I really want to have what you and Dad share, you know that kind of love.” He placated her.
His mother responded immediately, “You would meet a better woman than me, no woman is perfect but you must ensure she is a Christian. Even though your father and I married as unbelievers because we did not know better, I thank God that in the last two years you have come to receive Christ, you understand the meaning of not being unequally yoked.”
“Okay ma. How was your trip to Addis Ababa?” Gboyega tried to distract her again.
This time, she fell for the bait. She started discussing the rigors of the trip and other events that took place during the trip, she finally finished her tirade and decided to end the call, but not before telling him to consider their earlier discussion. 
Scoffing, Gboyega strode out of the car pack towards his department. Remembering again how that so-called girl called Nike looked at him as if he was a piece of shit beneath her shoes, he could not help but hold unto his resolve to leave relationship matter till when he got back from Canada. At first he was impressed that she was not attracted to him as a person as he first thought. That had hardened his resolve to help her, but he had gotten only insult for his trouble. Though he knew that he should not have asked anything in return, if kindness is expected to be repaid it is no longer kindness, however he had just wanted to clear the air or any misjudgment she had about him.
But another trait common to ladies these days, when a man is nice to them, it is assumed he wanted to flirt with them. 
 Everyone was entitled to their own opinion of him while he was to walk in love towards them. But even after consoling himself with these words, he still felt bitter as he thought about her words.
On getting to his faculty’s basement he saw his past clique of friends shouting loudly. He would have avoided them as he had always done in the past, neglecting them all the time would not help in encouraging them to receive the new life in Christ he now enjoyed.
“Ree-Dee baba what’s up now? My guy you no dey show face again for our usual spot.” One of his past friends known as Baby Face said in Pidgin English immediately he got closer.
Gboyega shook his head as he greeted all the guys before sitting down, he turned towards Baby Face and said ‘Guy show face for where? And I don dey tell you my name no be Ree-Dee na Adegboyega.”
“Please excuse me.” A familiar voice said at his back.
Gboyega turned back immediately at the sound of the voice, just to come face to face with Nike. Talk about a bad morning! Can this morning get any worse?
Nike waved at the guys who were all looking at her with keen interest, she turned back to Gboyega. “Ree-Dee I need to see you”
Gboyega scowled at her continuous use of past his nickname. “My name is not Ree-Dee.”
“Sorry Mr...” Nike looked at him waiting for him to supply his name again.
“Adegboyega,” Tony interjected, he was amused with the whole charade, if this was one of the reasons why Gboyega became a Christian past two years, he would not mind following him to church. The young lady was very beautiful and had cute dimples, as he remembered her from the other day.
“Please can I see you Adegboyega?” Nike continued.
Gboyega shook his head. “For what? Do you want to continue your insults again?” He said harshly.
Nike shook her head immediately, looking round at the guys who were all looking between Gboyega and herself, if he did not mind her saying what happened before his friends then so be it. “I just wanted to apologize for what happened yesterday, I did not mean to call you….”
Gboyega interrupted her abruptly. “Can we talk over there?” He motioned to the other side of the basement. He was mortified; seriously this lady had claws she wanted to disgrace him in front of his friends. He definitely won’t have been able to live it down. 
Turning to her when they got out of the hearing of his friends, he tried to calm his nerves as he asked her evenly. “Where you really going to bring up yesterday’s scenario in front of those guys?”
Nike shrugged indifferently and said, “You did not give me any other choice, so I thought you did not mind.”
Gboyega shook his head as he stared at her in wonder. “And so all you could think of was to talk about it in front of my friends?”
 He sat down beside her and waited for her response.
Nike looked elsewhere avoiding his scrutiny, she did not bargain for all this drama. “I just wanted to say sorry, and I know I would not have the courage to do so again.” She mumbled the words together.
Gboyega smiled at her stubborn stance, he found her reluctant admission of guilt to be endearing. “I thought you know that what you said was wrong”.
Nike looked up and defended herself, “I never said that…” 
Gboyega cut in, “…So are you trying to tell me what you said was right?”
“See, Gboyega I am trying to make peace. Your reputation is not that good and I just thought you meant something else but I am very sorry and I really appreciate what you did for me. I have been able to submit and that is all thanks to you” Nike held her hands up as she rushed out the apology.
“What an apology! Anyway I am happy I could help you, and yesterday I just wanted to clear the air. I didn’t have any kind of intention in mind. I am also sorry for shouting at you yesterday. But even I can’t insinuate such things being a Christian as well.” He said casually as he stood up and straightened.
Nike shrugged, who was he deceiving? Christian indeed! “I would try to keep that in mind, let me be on my way now I have a class to be in.”
“Alright then, have a nice day.” He stepped back to let her pass. 
Women! You just cannot understand them, yesterday she was rude but today she was acting like butter could not melt in her mouth. However she did not even believe that he was a Christian, behind all the smiles and apology he saw a spitfire. 
This was not a girl he would want to mess with, not now that he had gotten a better life. He walked back to his friends.
“Ree-Dee if this na the reason you dey go church, I no go mind follow you. Where you get d babe from?” Segun one of the guys shouted immediately he sat down. 
Tony added mischievously, “Na yesterday I meet the sexy babe o, Gbo…”
Gboyega cut in angrily. “…Guys that is enough! She is not even my friend.”
Segun continued, not bothered with his outburst, “Abeg forget that side, if you no do abeg send her to my tent oo.”
“Would you guys just stop, there is nothing happening and she is not that kind of girl.” Gboyega tried to explain to them.
Baby Face tried to join the conversation, “Ree-Dee but that babe…”
Gboyega interrupted him before he said any other trashy statement about her, “…Enough! I said I want you guys to stop. If this is the nonsense you people want to continue doing just count me out and I am repeating it again, my name is Adegboyega Hilma Benson not Ree-Dee.” He picked up his bag as he left the basement in anger, he should not have bothered sitting with them they were not ready to change and they kept sullying his already tainted image.
One of the guys called out as he left, “Gboyega it has not gotten to that now.”










			        CHAPTER FOUR
DURING the service on Sunday, Nike received a note from the senior pastor. He had asked her to wait for a brief meeting. She did not know what Pastor Mike wanted with her but it definitely must be something trivial. He hardly accosted her for personal reasons after service when other members were present.
Thirty minutes after the service, Mike finally walked up to where she sat waiting for him with her head bowed. “Nike, how have you been?” Mike asked as he put his hands around Nike’s shoulders as if they were longtime friends catching up. To those left in the fellowship’s auditorium, it would seem the pastor and his ex-fiancée were getting back together. 
Nike smiled, stood up and moved out of arm’s length. “I am fine sir and the service was great.”
Mike shook his head, obviously displeased with her attitude as he chided her, “You never cease to amaze me Nike. What do you intend to achieve with all these childish tantrums you put up? I expected you to have grown out of this. I offended you by playing rough with Sophie and I apologized, yet you have failed to forgive me. If we were married is this how you would hold grudge unnecessarily till God’s kingdom comes?”
Nike shook her head at his rebuke. Mike has still not seen anything wrong as a Christian with what he did with Sophia. If it was just about her feelings, she would have forgiven him and moved on but he was not ready to let go of some bad traits. “Playing rough?” She cocked her head sideways and said, “Is that what it is called these days? You were caught in your underwear kissing and fondling another woman’s body parts, yet you call that playing rough, Pastor Mike.”
“Do no raise your voice, there are people around.”
Mike looked around to see if anyone had heard them. People were obviously looking at them but they were not within hearing distance. Nike shook her head at his obvious discomfort; he was more concerned about what people thought about him than actually doing the right thing. 
“So much for rough play” she laughed bitterly. “I have forgiven you a long time ago, but we will not get back together if that’s why you called this meeting with me, my future is set”.
Mike pulled her closer and held her hands as he whispered, “You cannot mean that, I do not believe that you can forget what we shared. We made plans Nike, how can you say you have a future without me being in it?”
“Are you for real? Wake up Mike! The world does not revolve around you.”
Nike pulled her hands back and stomped out of the auditorium, not caring that she was making a scene. This was not the first time people gossiped about her anyway and it would never be the last. If anyone of them wanted to be with Mike, they could be her guest.
Funso looked up and saw Nike rushing out of the auditorium without looking back. She had been waiting for her outside to finish her meeting with Pastor Mike, so that they could go to the hostel together. The person she had been waiting for did not even acknowledge her; definitely the meeting had not ended well. 
“Nike! Nike!! Nike!!!” Funso shouted as she ran after her, “Wait now, you know I am on heels. Nike!”
“What is it?” Nike turned around in anger and shouted.	
“Wow” Funsho moved back and raised her hands. “What has our beloved Pastor Mike done again?”
 Nike instead of replying started crying as they both started walking slowly to the bus stop to get bike back to the hostel. This was a common occurrence every time she had a meeting with Pastor Mike. She had given two years of her life to Mike and yet she did not even have anything to show for it, it was as if she had been blind to his misdeeds. Not only was he into illicit sexual affairs with church members but he also had serious addiction with pornographic materials. The stories she later heard from a lady that left the fellowship some time ago, was what made her to know that she had been overlooking his obvious shortcomings.
 Funso walked closer to her friend and hugged her, “You cannot seriously be shedding tears for that guy? Babe please you know he does not deserve any version of your tears, either crocodile or genuine. Just wipe those tears and tell me about the new episode of Pastor Mike’s drama.” she said trying to make her laugh.
Nike sniffed and started laughing. “You are not serious Funso.”
“You can have me no other way baby” 
Nike re-accounted her ordeal to Funso, who kept quiet throughout, though by her facial expression and the clenching of her fist she would have dealt with Mike herself if he was close by.
Funso looked at her and said, “I have said it, that a man flows in the gift of the spirit does not mean he is spiritually matured. That guy seriously needs help, he being the fellowship pastor should have helped matters, but it has just gotten into his head. He believes all it takes is just quoting scriptures. I pray he finds help before it is too late because that guy is a walking time bomb’.”
 Nike smiled sadly as she wiped the traces of tears from her face. , “I just want him to leave me alone. I am tired of his constant insults; he is always picking on me during all executives’ meeting and even then I have to be careful in responding to his remarks.”
Funso held out her hands as she pulled Nike over a large gutter. “Babe obviously you are the matured one, you cannot disrespect authority no matter what happens. Even though I do not like what he is doing to you but he is still our pastor. Do your best to avoid confrontation with him and if it continues report to a higher authority like the fellowship’s patron He is just acting out because he cannot handle rejection, the guy wants to be the one to walk down the aisle with you.”
“If and when I decide to get married, I would marry a man who loves God more than himself.”
“Na so!” Funso coughed and cleared her throat mischievously.
“What? Why are you coughing?”
Funso cleared her throat again, “Hmmph, what about Ree-Dee?”
Nike tried to stare her down. “What happened to Ree-Dee?” 
“You know what I am talking about.” Funso pushed her shoulders lightly as she started whistling.
Nike shook her head at the obvious insinuation of Funso’s questions. She had explained her encounter with Gboyega to Funso, and Funso in her usual manner was already creating a fairy tale story about the both of them. 
“He is just my friend or better still an acquaintance. You seriously do not think I would go out with Ree-Dee?”
“Why not?” Funso screeched.
“Dur, because he is an acquaintance and he is Ree-Dee, though point of correction he prefers to be called Gboyega.” She remembered the last time she spoke with him; he had strong opposition to the use of the name ‘Ree-Dee’. “My name is not Ree-Dee,” he had angrily said.
Funso smirked. “So you are on first name basis now? I don’t know what is wrong with this guy because the last I heard, he is now a born again Christian.” 
Nike turned sharply as they both stopped at the junction for motor bikes. “Na so! Born again indeed! All na wash Funsho!”
Funsho looked towards the other side of T-junction for motor bikes; she spotted Ree-Dee opposite Alima’s Supermarket as he walked towards his car with paper bags. Today could not have gotten any better than this; she smiled and said to Nike pointing to the other side. “Talking of an angel, is that not Ree-Dee?”
Without waiting for Nike to respond, she started waving and shouting hysterically, “Ree-Dee! Ree-Dee!!”
Nike looked towards the supermarket and saw Gboyega beside his car dressed in a navy blue sweat shirt and trousers. She beat the hands of Funso as she continued waving at Gboyega who got into his car. “Can you just stop embarrassing your ancestors? He cannot even hear you.”
Gboyega had gotten into his car and was now driving toward them. She smirked at Nike “You were saying?”
Nike looked towards the supermarket and saw his car backing out of the park and heading toward them. She suddenly became nervous and tried to pull Funso away before he got to them. “Babe let us just take bike home, I don’t know your obsession with this guy.”
“Is it your obsession? You are free to take bike home.” Funso adjusted herself and looked at Nike, “But as for me and my beautiful self, we are entering an AC fitted car this afternoon.”
 Nike tried again to convince Funso as she held unto her hands to persuade her, “I don’t think it is right…..”
“Hello ladies.” Gboyega called out has he parked beside them.	



       *                 *                     *		*|		*
“You are the lion and the lamb, the word of the father, forever you would be the same,” Gboyega sang as he opened the back seat of his car to drop the goods he bought from Alima’s Supermarket. He heard his name from a distance, looking up he sighted Nike and her friend standing at the other side, probably waiting for a bike. 
Can today just get any worse? This was the lady he had been trying to avoid. He had met self-righteous people like her; so he knew they would never accept a Saul in their gathering. He smiled ruefully as the lady beside Nike continued shouting his past nickname hysterically. He saw Nike talking to the lady, against his better judgment he decided to drive towards them. It would have just been rude to drive off without acknowledging them.Why did he even care?
As he got to the T-Junction, he parked and got down. He saw Nike trying to pull her friend across the road, so she did not want to see him. He smirked, too bad that he was here now.
“Hello ladies.” Gboyega greeted and flashed a charming smile when he got to them.
Funso pulled herself away from Nike and ran to meet Gboyega as if he was her long lost friend, while Nike looked away. “Gboyega good afternoon how was church service?’
“Good afternoon Miss…” He raised his eyebrows in question.
“…Funso” She extended her hand for a handshake “I am Nike’s best friend, I have heard so much about you.” Funsho gushed like a school girl.
Nike whipped her hair angrily to the left and shouted, “Really?”
“Yes really. Is he not the one that helped with your assignment?” She said innocently. “I never said all I heard is from you, so stop being defensive.”
 Gboyega looked between the ladies and tried not to smile as Nike tried to regain her composure, all the while avoiding his eyes.
 She turned awkwardly to Gboyega, taking in his outlandish dressing as she looked at him. How can someone be this fine for just Sunday service? He looked more like someone stepping out of a GQ magazine front cover photo shoot rather than church. 
“Good afternoon Mr Gboyega. How are you and how was service?” she said politely.
“Good afternoon Miss Nike.” Gboyega copied her formal tone as he held her gaze. “I am fine and service was great.”
“Oh that’s great! Let’s not keep you out here in the sun. Babe let’s go” she dragged Funso who was already pouting along.
“I can drop you if you don’t mind” He suggested.
Shaking her head vehemently, “We’d prefer not to bother you, we’d just…”
“…It is no bother at all” Gboyega cut in, “I was going to drop something off for my friend Tony too so I would just drop you off as well.”
“You see, madam, it’s his route, let’s go” Funso hurried back towards his car and stood by it. Nike reluctantly joined them. He opened the door for them and drove off.


















                                        CHAPTER FIVE
MONDAY morning came with its hustling and bustling, almost all students were rushing in and out to prepare for lectures. Nike had six classes today with just one hour break in between. She quickly packed her books as she marched towards Funso and Anna’s hostel block to call them.
Nike called from the entrance of their hostel block. “Funso! Anna!! Be quick we have just twenty five minutes to walk to class.”
Funso rushed outside and walked towards Nike. “Nike, please you people should go ahead I would meet you in class, just keep a seat for me.” Without waiting for her response, she dashed out of the block.
Anna came outside few minutes after pushing her books inside her handbag as she walked towards Nike. “Where is Funso?”
“She just left here now, she did not tell me where she was going to but I believe she went to collect her assignment from Shay.”
Anna shook her head and wanted to give an angry retort; Nike waved her off and said, “Please, Anna let us go.”
 Nike walked briskly as Anna tried to keep up with her long strides. When they got out of the hostel, Anna decided to broach the subject matter that had kept her up all night, Pastor Mike had shared his concerns with her and if what she had seen yesterday was true, she had to call her friend to order.
“Nike, there is something I want you to review for me.”	
“What is that?” 
Anna tried not to raise her suspicion and decided to tread carefully. Nike could be very defensive when it came to relationship matters. 
“Do you know of the scripture that said “Be not deceived: evil communication corrupts good manners” and the one that says “do not be unequally yoked with an unbeliever?”
Nike nodded in assurance, the verses were quite popular. “Yes, 1 Corithians 15:33 and 2 Corithians 6:14.”
“Do you really understand what those scriptures are saying most especially as it pertains to relationship, marriage and even friendship?” Anna looked at her friend to gauge her reaction.
“Yes Anna, just speak up what is it?” Nike asked impatiently, she had no time for riddles this morning not when they had about fifteen minutes left to get to class.
Anna shook her head and looked at Nike. “Are you a Christian at all?”
Nike looked at her, bewildered by her question she stopped. “What kind of question is that?”
Anna recoiled back, she watched as Nike’s face turned red and realized her words had come out with a bit more venom than she had intended. She tried to diffuse the situation by pulling Nike along. “If you are, you just have to say yes”
“You know I am.” Nike fired back in anger.
“Your behavior lately speaks of someone else, because I do not know what a Christian lady is doing in the company of an unbeliever” Anna rebuked harshly.
 Nike frowned at Anna in disbelief. “Please which unbeliever again?”
Anna looked at her and decided to go straight to the point before they got to class, Nike would not beat her for speaking the truth anyway. “Pastor Mike and I were talking in front of the hostel library when Ree-dee’s car dropped you and Funso yesterday. If it was only Funso, I would have understood but Nike you should know better, that guy is an unbeliever and a Christian lady should never be found in his company.”
Nike groaned inwardly when she heard Pastor Mike but she decided to focus on the subject matter as she explained to her friend. “Ree-Dee, better still Gboyega is not an unbeliever.”
 Anna emphasized as she continued, ‘Ree-Dee is nothing but a sneaky chameleon who is trying everything to get in between your legs. Everyone on campus knows of Ree-dee’s past. His best friend released several sex tapes of different ladies when they were in their first year. He has friends who are cultists and even fraudsters. He sleeps with anything in skirt and has no regard for ladies. He is not a believer.”
Nike tried to look over the information she has just received and defend the person she had come to know in a short while. Not that some of the stories she had not heard them herself but Gboyega said he was a Christian now; Right?  “I thank God that you used the word past Anna, let us not forget that it is the past and we all had one before we received Christ.” She defended.
Anna looked at Nike has she defended the well-known campus bad boy, it was obvious that she was already getting swayed like most people that believed Ree-Dee was a changed man. “Nike you are already swaying from the right path, even Pastor Mike noticed the changes in you and he has been worried. He even shared that he heard that Ree-Dee made a bet with his friends to sleep with five Christian sisters before graduating, that kind of man has no….”
Nike cut in angrily. “Please spare me with all this, ‘Pastor Mike said.’ You all can keep your hypocrisy to yourself, I took one ride home in the company of Funso it was not a marriage proposal.” She walked off angrily leaving Anna behind, who stood rooted to the spot, shocked by her outburst. 


*                                *                               *                             *                                  *
After her classes Nike walked briskly to the place called the ‘The Platform’. This place was converted to a prayer arena for students to pray and meditate, without having the need to go to the fellowship arena where most fellowships were situated which was off campus. The place was never empty but there was a solitude that she enjoyed every time she got here. She moved towards her favorite spot and sat on the pavement. She was so distraught about the disagreement she had with Anna this morning, if it was another person that challenged her about Gboyega today she would not have bothered but Anna had been her friend for a long time and her observations could not be overlooked.
Not only is her friendship with Anna going south but her mother called to inform her she would not be able to send her any stipend this month because she has not been paid her monthly salary. Calling her father was out of the question, he was retired and his pension fee was barely enough to buy food into the house and pay his tithe. As she sat down, a bible verse came to her mind, ‘Be anxious for nothing but through prayer and supplication with thanksgiving you make your request known.’ She stood up and started praying, “Lord I thank you, because my source of wealth comes from you, you are my provider and you shall supply all my needs, so therefore I Adenike Kupoluyi do not lack, I abound in all sufficiency, provision is made available for me, I receive favor before God therefore men favor me.. I am the favored of the Lord, concerning the issues I have with Gboyega, every emotions, thoughts, actions, feelings are brought under subjection and brought into obedience to Christ. The Lord delivers me from strange children whose mouth speaks vanity and whose right hand is a right hand of falsehood.”
Nike carried her bag after praying, as another thought came to her, “but what if Gboyega was actually in her life to fulfill a purpose or God truly wants to use him like Cornelius and Saul.” Nike waved her hands aside unconsciously as if she was trying to push the thought out, and said to herself, “Abegi, of all people God would use.”
“Denike!” A voice shouted behind her, Nike turned anxiously towards the voice. There was only one person that called her that way, he happened to be her distant cousin, she had not really seen much of him since he was made the evangelical secretary of the Joint Christian Fellowship of the Oregun University, Nike spotted the owner of the voice, and smiled as she walked towards a light skinned young man in a blue ankara shirt and black trousers, standing close to the tree at the center of the Platform.
Nike knew that her guess was right. “If it is not the one and only Babatunde Smith, you have not been checking on your baby cousin. What should I do to you Pastor Babs?”  
He pulled and hugged her closely when she got to him. “I am so sorry Nike. I know I have not been checking up on you as I should but you know how evangelical missions are. I barely have enough time for my academics. We are always going from one mission to the other.”
“Hope it is not stressful?” Nike quizzed eagerly, she loved to hear stories about evangelical missions. She had determined to commit to evangelical missions fully after the handing over service in her fellowship.
Babs shook his head. “No dear. In fact we are always refreshed whenever we see the great works of salvation been done by God through us, you should come along with us one of this days, I know you would be a great help during our field missions.”
Nike would have loved to be part of the evangelical unit of the university which all fellowships on campus was part of but she was the head usher and she could not abandon her duties in the fellowship. “You know how much I love evangelical missions but I cannot leave my responsibility in the fellowship. I would always be a part of it though whenever the fellowship is not holding a service and be fully committed after the handing over service of executives in the fellowship.”
Babs tried to reassure her as he saw the conflicting emotions on her face. “You can take permission from the pastor, so you can take part once in a while; I know Pastor Alfred usually permitted me once in a while then before I was made the evangelical secretary of JUF.”
“Have you forgotten that the new fellowship pastor is now Pastor Mike and not Pastor Alfred? Even days when I do all things right, he finds a way of insulting me before other executives, it is not just possible.” Nike sighed.
Babs nodded his head in understanding as he began to understand the reason behind her initial reluctance to commit. He had known Mike before he became the pastor, he had also warned his cousin then about him but she had thrown caution to the wind.
He found a place for them to sit and discuss. The pain behind his cousin’s word made him feel guiltier for neglecting her. “I should have checked on you sooner. I have forgotten the situation with Pastor Mike. I am very sorry.” He apologized as she tried to control herself from crying.
“Every chance he gets he passes snide comments, I am not just faced with immature members thinking that I have a problem for letting pastor Mike down. But how do I tell people that I found him kissing and fondling one of his members or that he persistently asked me for sex.” She sobbed.
“Denike calm down. I don’t know why you have to go through all these but trials make you stronger. Some of us know the kind of person Pastor Mike is and we keep praying for him, which you should do to. You should also thank God you got to know before you both tied the knot. That you even knew the kind of person he was and you had the strength to walk away is a testimony in itself, not many ladies would.”
He wiped her face with his handkerchief when she stopped crying and continued. “The fact that you are not sitting down sharing mindless gossip makes you the bigger person. However, don’t stop praying for Pastor Mike remember he is a member of the body of Christ. I know God would convict him of righteousness soon. I strongly believe your friends are supporting you through all these.” Babs looked at her hopefully. 
Nike shook her head and confided in her cousin about the events since the end of her relationship with Pastor Mike. The story came out haltingly at first but her account flowed easier when she realized that Babs’ shocked expression was not directed at her but at Anna, Pastor Mike and his followers.
Hugging Nike to him, Babs whispered comfort and tried to calm her down through her tears. She decided to tell him of the encounter she had with Gboyega and the criticisms she had received from Anna.
The silence ensued between the both of them, Babs tried to digest the new information he had gotten while Nike fidgeted with the handkerchief in her hands. She knew that he would not criticize her but she wanted to know Bab’s opinion of Gboyega. His conversion was a popular discussion amongst Christians on campus; while most had their doubts, few believers accepted him. 
After a long while Babs raised his head and smiled, though the news came to him as a shock but he had a good feeling about what Nike was telling him. Gboyega had been a friend for almost a year now and he was always giving thanks when he saw the once notorious campus playboy living his life for Christ. 
“I know Adegboyega Hilma Benson well, he is a great guy. He partakes in evangelical missions and also supports financially. He gave his life to Christ two years ago and since then has been on fire for God and he is also much disciplined and level headed.” 
Holding Nike’s hands and staring at her intently. “You should not join the bandwagon to criticize him or else you would be like Peter who said he cannot eat what is unclean or common. What God has cleansed you cannot call common”.
Nike sighed in relief that someone at least was addressing what God has been saying to her about Gboyega. “I would never criticize him, though I did in the past but the few times that I have come in contact with him I know that he is a Christian.”
“Is he asking you out on a date?”
“No.” She shook her head to emphasize her point.
Babs wanted to pursue the subject but decided not to when he saw the determined look on her face. He believed that if God brought both of them for any other purpose He would fulfill it in His time. “So what is the problem? You cannot live your life based on what people say or think.” He paused and shook his head sadly. “I pray for the body of Christ daily; we pray for the salvation of armed robbers, prostitutes but we are not even ready to accept them.” 
Grabbing her hands, he tugged her along. “Let us find a good restaurant to eat. All these our discussion has made me famished. At least let me take care of my baby cousin today.” 
Nike followed him happily. “Thank you. I don’t have much money on me and I was still thinking what I would have for dinner tonight.” 
“I would try to be more available but even if I do not call you, call me when you have issues that you want to discuss.” He pulled out his wallet and took out some naira notes. “Take this for yourself. I know federal workers have not been paid; Mum would not have sent money to you.”
Nike collected the money and hugged him. “Thank you so much Pastor Babs.”
Groaning in frustration, Babs held her at arm’s length. “Enough of all this Pastor Babs, I am Babs to you.”
Nike smiled at him. “Okay Babs.”
“Oya let us find something to eat. During our talk, I heard the worms in your stomach sounding like hungry soldiers.”
 Nike hit him playfully on the shoulders as they walked hand in hand out of the Platform. 


*                                *                                    *                              *                                          *
Gboyega sat down with his friends at the balcony of his house. His parents built this house few years before he gained admission into the Oregun University. The house was one of the most beautiful properties in Oregun, it had an indoor swimming pool, a game room, spa and also has its own service staff.
The house keys were handed over to him by his father when he gained admission into Oregun on scholarship. He had been the best student during the entrance examination and had maintained that record ever since. Topping his class had never been an issue even though it went against the typical rich kid story that everybody knew. 
His mind unconsciously strayed towards Nike again. He had not seen her since he dropped her and her friend at their hostel three weeks ago, not that he was counting or looking forward to seeing her but there was something that drew him in whenever he saw her or thought of her. He smiled as he remembered how reluctant she had been to enter into his car, as if he would kidnap her in broad day light. That woman was just too stubborn for her own good!
“Gboyega, you hear wetin Femi talk.” One of his friends Chidi cut into his reverie. 
“What did he say?” Gboyega looked between his friends as both were looking at him suspiciously.
“Who were you smiling at just now?” Femi the shortest amongst the three asked.
“Nobody” Gboyega quickly responded hoping they would not ask any further questions.
Femi continued undeterred. “If it is a lady that is making you smile like that, you better tell us so that so that we can join you in prayers.”
“It is none of your business and I can pray by myself, thank you.”
Chidi sensing Gboyega’s discomfort knew that it must involve a lady. They have been friends for over a year now and there was hardly any secret amongst them. “But it would not be bad to join you in prayers now, what are friends for.”
“Guys, there is no one. Besides you all know that I am not interested in any relationship with any woman for now. I just want to concentrate on my set goals, when it is the right time, the woman would come.” Gboyega warily stated.
Femi shook his head in disagreement. “Why is this period not the right time Gboyega? And what are these set goals? It is God’s plan that supersedes whatever you have planned.” 
“I have applied to some colleges in Canada for my MBA. Is it advisable to start what I cannot finish? I do not even know when I would get married. For now I just want to concentrate on God and my academics. There is no place for any woman!” He finished harshly.
“But what if you meet a lady that you like now?” Chidi asked.
Gboyega’s mind fleetly went to Adenike; he pushed her image out of his mind. “Guys if God is involved, then the woman would have to wait till I finish my MBA program. I am not running away.”
Femi laughed as he turned the glass of fruit juice on the stool into his glass cup. “You are just thinking from your angle Gboyega, but I know if it is God he would tell you what to do.”
Gboyega stood up, picked his phones and car key on the stool and pocketed them.
Chidi looked up from his phone. “Where are you going to?”
“I have to see Pastor before he travels to Abeokuta today. Would I meet you guys here when I come back?”
They both nodded as he turned to leave.
Chidi checked his wristwatch and called out. “Come back early, remember there is a match by seven this evening.”
“Okay, should be back before then.”

















                 
                                                   CHAPTER SIX
ON Saturday evening, Nike laid on her bed reading the March Edition of ‘Every Woman’, published monthly by All Believers Fellowship. It was always given to her freely by her roommate and she enjoyed each edition. Her phone rang, when she checked it was Anna.
“Hello.” She said as she picked up
“Where are you?” Anna started impatiently.
“In the hostel,” Nike stated as she closed the magazine to concentrate on what Anna was saying, she sounded agitated. 
“Are you there? I need your help. If you are free can you follow me somewhere?”
Nike groaned inwardly she had planned to sleep in today. “Where is that exactly?”
“You know we are having Sister’s Conference next two months and Pastor Vanessa Adeoye of Rhema Assembly International is the invited guest minister. I need to drop the invite at her house.”
“Why can’t you go with Thelma? She is the assistant sister’s coordinator.”
“Thelma is not around, she travelled home urgently yesterday. I have already called Pastor Vanessa and she said she would meet with us this evening. Please Nike I don’t want to go alone.” 
Nike sighed and got up from the bed. “Okay, I would go with you.” She smoothened the rough patches on her bed spread as she walked towards her wardrobe to change as she held the phone to her ears.
“Thank you very much. I would be waiting for you at the student union building, Nike please don’t be late.” Anna lectured.
Nike picked a turquoise blue skirt and an orange silk shirt as she calmly responded. “Anna I am already picking my clothes, I would be with you very soon.”  
The phone conversation ended and she quickly dressed up, waved to her roommates and left the room. On getting to the student union building she saw Anna sitting under a palm tree. She walked up to her, and after exchanging pleasantries they left for Pastor Vanessa’s house. 
They got to a beautiful house at Winnows Estate Oregun. Anna knocked on the gate and they heard the loud barking of dogs, this sent a cold chill down Nike’s spine. She was afraid of dogs; if she had known there would be dogs here she might not have come. The gate was pushed open and a young man ushered them in, Anna greeted him and entered while Nike stood outside trying to survey the compound and discover where the barking came from, she looked at the man wearily. “Good afternoon, please where are the dogs?”
The young man who was trying not to laugh at her quickly eased her fears by answering, “Afternoon, don’t be afraid I have locked them in their cage.”
Nike smiled in gratitude to the young man and walked inside. “Thank you very much, Mr...”
“...Sunday.” He supplied.
Anna who had been watching the whole display and was waiting for Nike to pome in looked at Sunday. “Please is Pastor Vanessa in? She asked us to come.”
“Yes she is in, I was told to allow you inside when you arrive.” 
“Alright then, let us go Nike.” Anna pulled her along. 
Nike kept looking at the cage where the dogs were. There were three dogs in the cage and they were very large. They continued barking ferociously and shook the cage door violently. She quickened her steps and ensured she was not left behind. Sunday pushed the entrance door and the two ladies stepped inside quickly and shut the door.
The cold air in the house hit them as they both walked inside. A middle aged woman was seen staring intently at the television backing the entrance door. She did not even notice the visitors or hear their footsteps behind.
Sunday coughed lightly to gain her attention. “Ma, the visitors have arrived.”
The woman looked up in surprise; she was shocked to find three pairs of eyes staring at her intently. “Oh my dears, you are welcome.”
“Good afternoon ma.” They both chorused and curtsied.
“I am so grateful for creating time out of your busy schedule to see us.” Anna continued.
“That is no problem, Weekends are usually less busy for me, and you can sit down.” Then she pointed to Anna as she and Nike had their seat, “You must be Anna Omoruyi, the sister’s coordinator of Great Cornerstone Fellowship.”
“Yes ma.” Anna replied
Pastor Vanessa pointed at Nike. “What is your name dear?”
Nike smiled shyly, “I am Adenike Kupoluyi ma.”	
“Are you also an executive in the fellowship?”
“Yes ma, I am the head usher and the welfare secretary.”
“Ok that is good. So what would you eat? I made semovita and efo-riro this afternoon.”
They both shook their heads at the same time and Anna answered, “No ma we are not eating anything.”
“Anna speak for yourself.” Pastor Vanessa chided playfully. “Nike what about you? The food has just been made.”
“No, ma I am okay as well.”
“You are going along with your sisters' coordinator, I am sure it has been long you have eaten a homemade meal, just try some.”
Nike smiled at her warmly. “We are okay ma, thank you.”
“Poju! Poju!!” Pastor Vanessa called looking at a door leading inside.
A young lady rushed out, “Ma”
“Help me bring two bottles of table water, one pack of Yoghurt and two glass cups please.”
“Ok ma.” She rushed back inside.
Anna looked on as the lady disappeared inside and turned back to Pastor Vanessa. “Ma, please hope it is not for us?”
“Are you fasting?”
For just a moment Anna thought of saying yes. However she knew she could not lie about something like that and something in Pastor Vanessa’s demeanor showed that she knew they were not fasting but were just trying to be polite. She sighed folded her hands and sat back “No”
“Then it is for you.” Pastor Vanessa concluded as she waved off their concern and turned back to Anna. “So tell me what this program is about.”
Anna sat up straighter and started discussing about the program. She brought out the invitation letter as she spoke to Pastor Vanessa who collected it and looked through before raising her head to listen to Anna.
 Nike used the opportunity of their discussion to survey the living room. The duplex was tastefully furnished with latest art designs and furniture, the picture of the couple was seen hanging in different corners of the living room. Based on the pictures they had three beautiful children, two boys and one beautiful girl. 
The lady earlier called Poju entered with the bottles of water, the pack of yoghurt and glass cups. After excusing herself, Pastor Vanessa stood up, collected it from her and set it before the two ladies.
As Poju was leaving, Pastor Vanessa called her back. “Poju sorry, please help me pack the semovita and efo-riro, two plastic bottles of coke in two separate take away packs, put it in one of those gift bags with four rolls of tomato paste.”
Poju nodded. “Should I bring it here when I am through?”
“No, leave it in the kitchen.” Poju left and Pastor Funto looked back at Anna and continued conversing with her. Nike started taking her drink and listening in this time. The noise of children rushing down the stairs interrupted the discussion as they all turned in the direction of the sound.
“Uncle Gboyega, carry me too it is only Phoebe you have been carrying since.” One tiny voice cried.
“That is because Phoebe is my one and only baby, you boys are big men.” Another matured voice replied mimicking the first voice as footsteps of people were heard coming to the living room. 
Nike sat in shock; the voice could not belong to anyone except the recent bane of her prayer. Soon four faces appeared in the living room and true to her suspicions; it was Gboyega and the children of Pastor Vanessa.
 Gboyega looked at the visitors in the living room with Pastor Vanessa. He recognized the two ladies; Nike and the other was the lady that sat close to Nike during the test. He tried to cover his obvious surprise by smiling politely at them as he nodded in greeting. 
The smaller of the two boys climbed into Pastor Vanessa’s lap and pointed at Gboyega. “Mommy, Uncle Gboyega did not want to carry me. It is only Phoebe he has been carrying. He said Phoebe is his only baby.” He cried.
Pastor Vanessa held the little boy and started petting him. “Don’t mind him. At least mommy is carrying you now and not Phoebe, you are mommy’s baby.”  She turned to the older son who was playing with a mobile phone. “David have you all finished your assignments?”
The boy fidgeted and looked at her sheepishly. “Almost mommy.”
“I told you not to come downstairs until you finish your assignments.”
David held unto Gboyega’s hand and looked at her miserably with pleading eyes. “Uncle Gboyega told us to see him off.” He pouted adorably as he explained. Gboyega took his eyes off Nike and smiled mischievously at Pastor Vanessa. “My Pastor Mrs., I was the one who told them to see me off.”
Pastor Vanessa dropped the smaller boy. “That smile Gboyega would not get them out of their assignments. David take Paul and Phoebe upstairs, I am coming to join you very soon.”
David held unto Gboyega’s hands and protested. “But mommy…”
Looking at him sternly Pastor Vanessa cuts in before he finished his tirade. “...You were saying.”
David resigned and sighed dramatically when he saw the look on his mom’s face. “Alright mom, Paul and Phoebe lets go.” David took his sister from Gboyega and pulled Paul reluctantly upstairs.
“When you are through with your assignments, if you are good mommy would give you the ice-cream I brought this afternoon.” Gboyega called out as they left.
Pastor Vanessa looked at Gboyega and tried to frown at him. “Adegboyega!”
Gboyega held up his hands in surrender, “I am sorry; I just don’t like seeing my babies heartbroken.”
Pastor Vanessa shook her head and said softly. “You are ridiculous. Anyway has pastor granted the concert’s proposal?”
“Yes,” he said. “The church’s board of directors agreed to give the whole three hundred thousand naira.” 
“Congratulations, I am sure the choir would be happy”
“Definitely, Minister Segun and I would be telling them during rehearsal tomorrow.”
Pastor Vanessa turned back to Anna and Nike who were looking at Gboyega all along. “Sorry ladies, let me get back to you it is already getting late.”
Gboyega checked his wrist watch it was quarter past six, the football match was starting by seven. “Ma, let me be on my way.”
‘Wait Gboyega, I want you to help me drop these ladies on campus, I would soon be done with them.
Gboyega nodded, he still had forty-five minutes before the match would begin.
However Nike was not comfortable with the arrangement. “Ma, there would be no need for him to wait.”
“Don’t worry yourself Nike” Pastor Vanessa said she turned back to Anna to conclude their discussion. “I want you to think of all I have said and ensure you call me to remind about the program once a while, so I would not have any other engagement. Though I would put it in my diary now, but it would be good if you call once or twice to pass any information.”
“Alright ma”
“Wait for me.” Pastor Vanessa got up and went into the kitchen to get the gift bags prepared earlier by Poju, she handed it to Anna immediately she got back. “So that would be all ladies, those items inside those bags are for the both of you.”
 As they were about to protest, Pastor Vanessa raised her hands. “No objections Anna and Nike, this is just a token of Mama’s love to her daughters. I was once a student; I know what it was like then.”
They both got up and Anna smiled graciously at her. “Thank you very much ma.”
“We are so grateful for the hospitality and love ma.” Nike said as they were about to leave.
Pastor Vanessa smiled back at them in acknowledgement of their gratitude before turning to Gboyega who was lounging on a seat at the entrance. “So Gboyega, help me drop Miss Anna and Miss Adenike in their hostels, they are both executives in Great Cornerstone Fellowship.”
Gboyega nodded his head in understanding. “I know the two of them, though I have only been privileged to meet Miss Adenike.”
Pastor Vanessa looked between them in surprise. “So Nike you know our minister Gboyega?”
“Is he a minister?” Anna inquired immediately without hiding the shock in her question.
Pastor Vanessa looked at Anna and smiled. “Yes, he is the Sound Director, Assistant Music minister in our church, and also the head of the youths’ evangelism unit.”
Nike was in shock as well; she turned to Gboyega and found him staring at her.
Gboyega continued staring at Nike, gauging her reaction, the look on her face was more of disbelief. He wanted to laugh at her for being so judgmental but knew that his past had made her to act rashly towards him.
Pastor Vanessa looked between the two as they casually stared at each other beneath their eyelashes. She had seen them staring at each other inside, there was something going on between these two. She had never seen Gboyega show any form of interest in any lady since he started attending their church, even when ladies openly threw themselves at him. This was a new development and smiling inwardly she knew she needed to pray for them. “Nike and Anna are you in any relationship?”
The two ladies smiled shyly and shook their heads.
Pastor Vanessa smiled and looked at Gboyega, who finally stopped looking at Nike and looked at her. He immediately averted his eyes as if he was hiding something. She smiled and looked back at the girls who were looking at their feet.
“Just concentrate on your personal relationship and service to God, trust me he that would come would come and not tarry, and as from today you have both found a big sister in me, so come to me anytime.”
“Alright ma” They chorused. 
Pastor Vanessa held the door open for them. “Let me release you, Gboyega are you still coming back to sleep here tonight?”
“No, we have a football match we want to watch this night. Chidi and Femi are at my place.”
“Okay then, good bye to you all.
They all waved as Pastor Vanessa closed the door behind them. As they walked towards the gate, the dogs started barking, Nike moved backwards in fear.
 Gboyega looked at her as she kept looking around. “Madam don’t tell me you are scared of dogs?”
Nike not bothering to answer his question looked between Anna and Gboyega. “Please help me tell Sunday to lock them up.”
“They are always in their cage, common let us go.” He walked towards her and pulled her towards the gate while Anna walked alongside.
“She is always afraid of dogs.” Anna commented immediately they stepped out of the gate into the street.
“Adenike, you are a big girl you should not be scared of dogs at this age.” Gboyega chided.
Nike hissed. “Please would the dogs ask of my birth certificate before they bite me?”
That got Gboyega and Anna laughing, as they all walked towards his car parked about two houses away. He greeted the gateman sitting at the front of the house where he parked in a particular language, and then they all got in. Anna sat in front with him while Nike sat at the back.
Anna turned to Gboyega as he started driving. “If you do not mind me asking Mr Gboyega”
Gboyega gave her sideways glance as he buckled his seat belt and put the car in drive. “Please just Gboyega.”
“Gboyega, what was the language you were speaking back there with that man?”
Gboyega drove out of the street. “Tapa, it is a language spoken by Tapa people of Kwara State.”
Anna raised an eyebrow. “I know you are not from Tapa, I heard something about a South African descent and Ogun State dynasty.”
He shook his head as he responded. “No I am not from Tapa.”
Anna wanted to ask questions but decided to go through a different approach since he didn’t elaborate on his last answer. “How many languages do you speak?”
Gboyega reluctantly decided to indulge her curiosity. “I speak about eighteen. Nine Nigerian, Nine Non-Nigerian about five are African and the rest are foreign.”
Anna gasped. “How is that possible?”
Gboyega maneuvered the car slowly as the evening traffic was heavy. He wondered how he would answer Anna without sounding arrogant. “From childhood, we went for vacation in different places; my mother ensured we learnt the basic rudiment of those languages.”
Nike who had been listening to the whole conversation without contributing muttered sarcastically. “Rich people and show off.”
Gboyega looked at her through the rear view mirror; while Anna looked back cautioning Nike silently. He just could not get or do anything right with this girl. This kind of information would have impressed other ladies, but not this one, though he had not said it with the intent of impressing her or her friend.
He stopped at the traffic light close to the campus gate when it turned red and spoke to her through the rear view mirror. “Madam Nike, I am not trying to sound cocky, it is just what it is. She asked me a question and I answered. That was just basic information anyone would have shared.”
“Sorry but I am not madam, Mr. Citizen of the world.” Nike quipped as she ignored Anna who cautioned her again.
Gboyega smiled ruefully and retorted. “You are wrong dear; I am a child of God, citizen of the state which is in heaven.”
Nike said slowly, “If you say so.”
“I do not just say so, I know so.” Gboyega stated confidently just as the light turned green and he drove straight through the campus gate waving at the security officials as they hailed him as he drove past them.
As he drove towards their hostel, Anna asked Nike “Would you please follow me to Pastor Mike to give him feedback?”
Anna knew that she would not disagree about their pastor in the presence of a third party. “You know my answer to that.”	
Anna sighed. “Please now, I would be there with you.”
Nike said slowly if not too slowly. “As if that has ever held him back, the answer is No Anna. Please don’t ask that of me.” Gboyega wondered who this Pastor was that made Nike uncomfortable but he knew he could not ask them without being nosey as he pulled into their hostel parking lot.
Anna got down and waved at him.
“Thank you.” Nike murmured as she looked at him through the rear view mirror.
Gboyega held her eyes for few seconds before he smiled. “You are welcome dear.” She opened the car and stepped out to stand by Anna. They waved at Gboyega who waved back and immediately drove out of the parking lot.











































   				    CHAPTER SEVEN
AFTER classes on a Friday afternoon, Nike Anna and Funso walked back to the hostel discussing their weekend plans. Funso started dancing and jumping as she checked her calendar on her smart phone.
Nike looked at her confused. “What has gotten you so excited?”
Funso held up her hands as she screamed drawing the attention of students who were standing in front of Oceanic Bank lecture theatre as the trio walked past. “TGIF, Thank God It’s Friday ladies.”
Anna frowned. “Anyone seeing you jubilating would think that you are happy because you are hitting the club this weekend, it is just another weekend.”
Nike snickered as they crossed to the other side while Funso thought of a befitting comeback, “It might be just another weekend for you oldies but for this young girl.” Funso pointed to herself, “I would definitely find somewhere to go.”
Nike cocked her head sideways to have a good look at Funso. “Where are you always going to sef? If I did not know better now I would think you are going for weekend getaway with a guy or something.”
Funso smirked. “I would definitely find somewhere to go. Two weekends ago I was at the dance drama stage play performed at the Cultural Theatre. Last weekend I had movie night with the ladies in my dance group after our night vigil, so yes I am a Christian that does not make me boring.”
Nike held up her hands together in mock dramatic display. “Please pray tell us, where are you going this weekend miss fun and spontaneous?”
Funso eyes widened in mock surprise and whispered. “Didn’t you hear that there is an all-night praise concert by Rhema Assembly International choir, Kane Diggs and Lanre Olusola would be ministering?”
Anna nodded in remembrance. “That is true, I saw Pastor Vanessa’s profile picture on whatsapp about the Concert, but it is on the twenty fourth of this month.”
Funso sighed. “Did you not date your lecture notes today? Today is twenty fourth oldies.”
Nike didn’t even know anything about the concert. She had a triangle lifestyle on campus: classes, fellowship and her room. She barely even noticed anything else. Funso was the one that told them the latest gist and updates, turning to her. “But you cannot go as well, we have a prayer meeting.”
“And I am going after prayer meeting.” Funso deadpanned.
Anna shook her head at Funso who was now walking in front of them and said loudly. “We have a meeting after the prayer meeting.”
Funso twirled around and gave a tight smile. “No y’all have a meeting after the general prayer meeting. I am not an executive, so stop roping me into your activities.” She turned around and resumed walking.
After few minutes of walking in silence, Anna sighed and said sadly, “I would have loved to be there, according to the profile picture, this is the first praise concert held by the church. It is even taking place on campus at Oriental Event Centre, Lanre Olusola and Kane Diggs would be coming.”
Nike knew she was not going, even though a part of her would also like to see Lanre Olusola and Kane Diggs minister but since the program was by Rhema Chapel International she knew that Gboyega would be there. She had to finally admit to herself that she was attracted to him but her friends must not know about it most especially Anna or else she would be regarded as one of those groupie girls who are after him for what he has. Knowing he was truly a Christian and even an executive in his church did not help her wandering thoughts and emotions. “That is great, but we cannot make it only Funso can go.” She tried to reason with Anna.
Funso frowned and looked back as she asked. “Why can’t you come? The program is not until eleven pm, it is an all-night Praise concert so it would end in the wee of the morning.”  
Anna’s face lit up immediately. “Really, after the meeting we would just come to the venue of the program.”
“I don’t know if I would be chanced.” Nike tried to excuse herself from their plans.
Funso sensing Nike’s tactic turned to her immediately. “Madam you are not doing anything, just come along with Anna.” She stated.
“Don’t mind her, she is coming. Funso, you just wait at the entrance, we would text you after the meeting so that we can all sit together.” Anna concluded shutting Nike up from saying anything without raising suspicion.
When they finally got to the hostel gate, Funso stopped and looked back at her friends as they climbed up the porch to join her. “Enough said about the concert. Please who has food I am hungry?"
Nike looked up and said, “I boiled rice this morning before leaving.”
“Did you make enough for the three of us?” Funso held her hands praying in her heart that she said yes.
“It would be enough for the three of us.”
Funso hugged and pecked her cheeks. “You are a life saver and the best girlfriend ever.”
“Because of food?” Nike mocked.
“No, girl you know I love you.” She said cheekily.
 “Wash!” Nike replied.
“Ah you just trifle with my feelings, but I am good I have forgiven you.” Funso dabbed at her eyes dramatically wiping fake tears.
“You are just a drama queen. Just bring your laptop we need to finish listening to that Pastor Funke Oba’s Message that we were listening to yesterday.” Nike responded.
‘”Okay, let me get to my room then. Would buy us all three zobo drinks to take with the rice, but Nike start warming the rice.” She warned as she left with Anna.
“I would Food Monger!” Nike shouted at their retreating figure as she turned to her hostel block.




*                         *                                *                              *                               *
The choristers were doing the necessary last minutes rehearsal. They stopped rehearsing the day before, to keep their voices on track. Gboyega walked in with the choir coordinator, Minister Segun to speak with them. They had only forty-five minutes before the concert started.
Minister Segun coughed slightly to gain their attention, “I thank God for today, I also thank God for putting each and every one of you in this room, but tonight is not about our talent or about the number of rehearsals we have had, today is about the ministration of God’s power and so in light of that I would want Minister Gboyega to lead us in prayers before the concert.”
Gboyega stepped forward, “I don’t want us to exert ourselves when praying now. I just want us to pray fervently. Before tonight, words of prophecies, visions and revelations have gone ahead of us. Tonight is all about God. That tonight none of us but all glory and honor would be to him. 1st Peter chapter 4 verse 11 says “that we minister according to the ability God has given us.” 
Half of the hall was filled up even before the service started. Students were strutting into the hall in large number. Many of them were directed to their seat while few refused to acknowledge the ushers.
After the prayer, the choristers walked to the podium as Gboyega walked forward to collect the microphone from the senior pastor, 
“Praise God”	
“Halleluyah!” The people shouted. 
“I know a lot of people came for different purposes. This night is all about Jesus and him crucified. Some of you knew about the man of my past, a chronic womanizer and drunkard but you are not different from that man even if you are morally upright without Jesus. Tonight is an experience, some come seeking a sign, others come to be entertained but the time is now when true worshippers of God worship Him in Spirit and in truth.” After the admonishment, He began singing.
“It is all because of you.
Jesus it is all because of you
It is all because of you	
It is all because of you
Our God My God
My Redeemer
Jesus you are God!”
Somewhere else in the hall, Nike, Anna and Funso also lifted their hands with over two thousand worshippers in the hall, it was so amazing that students would trudge out for worship concerts but would show no interest in church. Most people preferred worship concerts and drama nights. The need to draw others to church has even pressed some churches to include comedy in church services. Nike had listened intently as Gboyega recounted his history unabashedly; his voice was sonorous and beautiful as he further led the choir in Travis Greene’s The Hill. Her respect and admiration for him skyrocketed as he worshipped.
“Wow, I never knew Gboyega could sing like that. Omo see voice!” Funso whispered loudly.
Nike smiled and lifted her hands as she joined everyone in singing; he was without no iota of doubt a Christian who was not ashamed of the gospel. She felt guilty for all the time she had ignored him and spoke harshly to him. He was matured though because if it were other men that she knew they would have equally acted childish just as she did. She wanted to blame Anna for poisoning her heart but she knew it was more her fault for judging him. She looked sideways and saw Anna and Funso lost in the worship just as most people in the hall were. 
After the concert, the three friends held hands together as they tried to walk out of the hall. They trudged behind the sea of people leaving the hall. Funso kept humming one of the new songs sung by the choir, while Anna kept shouting, “Please walk fast!” to those before them.
When they left the hall, the trio burst into the song Funso was singing as if it was planned, laughing and pulling each other as they passed people standing outside.
“But Nike, I did not know Gboyega can sing like that, so he is not just fine, brilliant, rich, and spiritual but also has good voice.” Funso gushed.
Nike laughed silently at Funso as she continued fawning over Gboyega, she herself could not deny that Gboyega had a very good voice.
“Funso, good voice aside,” Anna chimed in, “Let us not forget that he is worded. Did you see the number of people that stepped out after he shared the word to give their life to Christ? Really no one would have ever thought that man was a Christian.”
“Really no one,” Nike said in agreement. “It is true that God uses the foolish things of this world to conform the wise.”
Funso who listened while the two carried on about the story of how God converted a cultist into a pastor just kept smiling. She knew her friend had been in denial about her feelings for Gboyega. Nike liked him but for whatever religious reason, she had made up her mind not to be with him or even acknowledge his friendship. Even though Funso got to know Nike long after she got to know Anna, she knew when her friend was interested in someone which was not a common occurrence. During the concert Nike had been looking at Gboyega like a child in an ice-cream store, the look was just beyond admiration. She would not allow Nike rest until she admitted to liking Gboyega, but Anna must not be present or else Nike would never admit to such. As much as she loved Anna, the pretense and hypocrisy in their conversation could not be hidden. Anna reminded her of those old Pentecostal deaconess with their thick glasses and their judgmental eyes, she laughed out loudly as she imagined Anna on a long skirt and blouse with a big hat and thick rimmed glasses.
“What are you laughing about Funso?” the subject of her laughter inquired.
“Nothing ooo mummy Anna,” Funso said with a straight face, as she tried not to laugh.
Anna shook her head, Funso always acted weird but she loved her all the same. She was good company even though she tolerated her excesses most times because of Nike. Checking the time it was already two a.m., walking towards her block when they got to the hostel, Anna turned back to Nike. “Nike I would see you tomorrow, please don’t wake up late remember we have to be in pastor Mike’s house before ten a.m.”
“Yes ma’am.” Nike churlishly replied
“Don’t ma’am me madam.” Anna responded sharply.
“Yes mama.” Nike replied in mockery.
“You are just a case study.” Anna said as she continued walking towards her block. Nike looked at Funso has she made no attempt to go to her room but kept following her to her own room. “Are you sleeping in my room tonight?”
“Yup, I have gist for you and I don’t want Anna to hear about it.”
“You and these weird stories.” Nike shook her head and continued walking, “Please if it is any gossip story I don’t want to hear, I need to sleep.”
“Madam it is not gossip, so just drop that your religious antenna and stop pretending you don’t want to hear what I want to say.” Funso snapped.
Nike stopped walking as she gaped at her retreating figure, though Funso never gossiped but her harsh tone of speaking could annoy anyone. She claimed not to judge anyone yet she was not one to back down from forcing her opinion on others. Even though of a truth she preferred Funso’s company to Anna’s but Funso had a tendency of seeing through her, a trait she found not so endearing
“Shey you would come to the room.” Funso called from the entrance of Nike’s room.
“Stop shouting my roommates are sleeping.” She whispered harshly when she got to her room and opened the door with the key. They entered the room and Nike changed into her nightgown and gave Funso a bum-short and loosed top to sleep in. 
“Nike what are you guys going to do in Pastor Mike’s house tomorrow?” Funso asked quietly as they lay down quietly to sleep.
“He asked us to come and help him with the questionnaire for his project topic.”
“All the executives?”
“No, just Anna and I.”
Funso snorted loudly and hissed “Scam Alert! The guy just wants to warm his way back into your heart.”
“And he is jonzing! It can never happen.” Nike said as she took her blanket and gave Funso to cover herself from the cold, the night was chilly.
Funso hit her on the shoulder and smiled. “That is my girl; it is high time you get someone who would treat you with dignity and respect, someone like Gboyega.” Staring intently at her to pass her message across, Nike rolled her eyes and wanted to disagree but Funso raised her hands to silence her.
“Do not roll your eyes at me girlfriend, I know what you want to say and I am also aware you like him so why not just quit the pretense. I am not saying you should date him but why don’t just let go of all your prejudices and just pray about it.” Funso admonished as she looked at Nike square in the eyes, she knew how to make any one squirm in their seats if she wanted them to admit the truth. Sometimes her father called her a prosecuting counsel because of her petulant act of making people admit to things reluctantly.
Nike sighed. “And who told you I have not been praying?”
Funso laughed out loudly and Nike cautioned her to stop disturbing, as she brought her hands to her lips to try to stifle the laughter. “So you have finally admitted that you like him?”
“Please who wouldn’t, I know almost every girl on campus likes him and I am even ashamed that I am attracted to him too. I have being praying about it and I believe I would get over it.” Nike responded convincingly, though she didn’t know if she was trying to convince herself or Funso.
“And if you don’t get over it.”
Nike looked at her fiercely, “I must Funso, there are thousands of ladies who would want him for themselves even more so now that he is a Christian and also he does not like me like that.”
“But what is God saying?”Funso pressed further.
Nike shook her head violently as if she was trying to push the words of Funso out of her head. “Madam it is not about what God is saying now, there is nothing between Gboyega and myself.”
Funso stared in shock at Nike, she knew that Nike still had issues with the will of God’s phrase which has been largely used and misused, yet there is nothing we do as Christians that is outside God. “Miss Adenike, we cannot leave what God is saying. I am not saying Gboyega is the one and only man for you, but please madam pray about it asking God to help you to let go of your prejudices. At least we have been able to establish that he is a Christian.”
“I have heard Funso, please let us sleep.”
“Okay, but I do not want you to use your past experiences with Pastor Mike to judge Gboyega. Just try to get to know him as your friend, then who knows you both might decide to take it further. Don’t let Mike spoil your idea of what a good man should be, good night.” Funso turned her back and covered herself with the blanket.
Long after Funso slept, Nike reminisced on her past relationship with Mike, “Don’t let Mike spoil your idea of what a good man should be” Funso had stated. Nike remembered how she met Mike during her pre-degree days when he was the choir director of the fellowship.
                          



























                                                 CHAPTER EIGHT
IT all started when Nike passed the entrance examination for the pre-degree program of the Oregun University, her parents were elated that their first child was finally leaving home. After waiting at home for two years after her O-levels, her parents agreed to allow her sit for the pre-degree examination even though it would cost them a lot of money. 
Mrs. Kupoluyi had applied for a loan at the bank to pay for her daughter’s tuition amongst other things. The shame of their first daughter sitting at home had made her to agree with her husband to finance Nike’s pre-degree program and if she passed the pre-degree program she would be admitted into the school the following year. 
The news of her admission soon spread and few days to Nike’s travelling to school, neighbors and fellow church members came home to celebrate with her parents and to see with their eyes if the news was really true. Some brought gifts and food items, each giving her advice and saying a word of prayer to her.
On getting to the gate of the Pre-degree campus with her mother on the resumption date, she waited at the gate for her cousin, Babatunde. She had called him earlier and he had said he was coming alongside with his fellowship members to pick her up. 
Mrs. Kupoluyi who had come along with her daughter, sat on a stony pavement, while they waited for her nephew who was studying Microbiology at the main campus of Oregun University. He had told them to wait at the bus stop and look out for a blue bus of one Great Cornerstone fellowship. There were lots of buses all over, with people carrying different placards with the names of their fellowship as they were all showing interest in helping the new students. Some had already approached Nike and they would have gone with them, if not that Babatunde had already promised to come and help Nike to settle in. It would be better to wait for a familiar face, more so she wanted to hand Nike over to Babatunde before she caught the night bus back home to Ogbomosho in Oyo State.
Babs as he was fondly called by his siblings and cousins soon came around with the fellowship church bus and helped Nike to her hostel. She met some members of the fellowship, who all tried talking to her. They called her cousin Oga Babs and spoke to him with a form of respect; it made her feel important being with him. Her mother soon took her leave but not before telling her to remember the child of whom she was and not to forget what it cost them to pay for her fees in front of others. 
After her mother left, a figure joined the circle of the fellowship members, the man was tall and very well built, and he reminded her of those male models she had seen on the television. His presence changed the attitude of most of the members, the ladies scurried towards him and the men looked unto him with admiration and respect. She guessed he had to be a very important person like her Babs because almost everyone was bowing to him as he addressed them. He was a very handsome man and he seemed to be aware of it as he smirked arrogantly at the attention he was getting. 
She looked around for her cousin but saw that he was busy with other newbies like her. Deciding not to disturb him, she concentrated back on the forms she was filling. She sensed someone looking at her, as she raised her eyes she found the eyes of the stranger on her staring intently without wavering. She prepared for the response she would give to him if he approached her, so-called arrogant pretty boys usually did, then he would know that she was not one of those fresh students that he could prey on.
However Mike as she later got to know his name did not approach her that day or days after that when they met. She joined Great Cornerstone Fellowship, where she got to know him as “Oga Mike.” He was the choir coordinator and one of the most eligible bachelors in the fellowship. He was popular amongst the female members as they always had one tale or the other to say about “Oga Mike”. He stared at her most times but never approached her. She later got to know from her cousin that Mike had always been asking about her from him. She was elated with the news and felt so special that a man that was wanted by most ladies in the fellowship was interested in her.
 Every meeting she knew that Mike would be in, she made sure that she wore and looked her best hoping that day would be the day they would become closer, she always left disappointed though because Mike never approached her, but always had various ladies around him after service. 
Being in the pre-degree campus did not help matters, she only got to see Mike during Sunday services and when he came for the pre-degree bible study meetings, he was always quoting bible verses and was so sound in the word of God when he made contributions in church. He was definitely every lady’s fantasy. 
She knew that he was interested in her. She had caught him staring at her most times during service and was always supporting her opinions during bible study services when she contributed. One day when they were talking about the issue of submission during Bible study, she had stood and said “I believe submission as used by Apostle Paul was for the wife to her husband and not just to any man. Though the Bible requires us to submit to one another.” Mike had stood up immediately and applauded her opinion, “That is an interesting contribution and actually what was spoken of in Ephesians chapter 5...’ 
But he still did not approach her throughout her pre-degree program.
After passing her pre-degree examinations and gaining admission into Oregun University to study business management, Nike joined the ushering department of the fellowship along with her only friend Anna during her pre-degree program and they both committed fully into serving in the fellowship. It was during this period that Mike had finally approached her.
That day he called her after one of their evening service and told her that he wanted her to wait for hm. She was so happy to finally have a meeting with “Oga Mike”, most especially in the presence of other female members who were hanging around after service; some were waiting for their friends, some carrying out post service duties, while others were just lurking around for one of the eligible brothers in the fellowship to approach them. Nike walked out from her friends and walked elegantly towards were Mike was standing, her friend Anna kept giggling and whispering, “walk fast, I am waiting to hear the gist.”
Nike and Mike shared pleasantries as they both stepped aside to give themselves privacy from the prying eyes. Mike held her hands and greeted her cheerfully, Nike whose heartbeat was thundering very fast, looked at everywhere except at Mike.
“Sir, you said you want to see me.” She whispered shyly barely loud enough for Mike to hear.
Mike smiled at her knowingly and decided to cut to the chase. “I have been looking at you for a while to fully understand what God is saying, because considering the lot of ladies I have come across I wanted to be convinced that this was the Lord’s doing. There is just something about you that draws me in and during prayer meeting today the Spirit of the Lord told me to tell you that if we miss this opportunity we would both miss destiny and purpose. Even some pastor friends of mine have prayed about it with me and confirmed it, so Miss Adenike the Lord is telling me you are my wife.”
“Oga Mike…” Nike started slowly.
“Just Mike, cannot have my fiancée saying Oga Mike.” Mike cuts in with a boyish smile and confidence. Nike blushed and looked away as she tried to regain her composure, looking down, “Mike, I am honored to be considered your wife but can I give a response tomorrow?”
Mike frowned and used his fingers to lift her eyes to him, he had expected a more affirmative response today staring into her big eyes he said, “Nike it is not a consideration but God’s will. I know you ladies like to play hard to get by delaying response but do not let us delay our destiny and purpose together. I would give you till tomorrow and I believe if you also hear from God, he would confirm it to you.”
Nike smiled gratefully, she would have said yes to him now but she did not want to sound cheap by agreeing to his proposal immediately. There was nothing that would stop her from agreeing to him, he was what any young Christian lady would want in a man. She would definitely give him her answer tomorrow before another lady would come in between them or he would lose interest.
“Alright Mike. Where would I see you tomorrow?” Nike asked him
“My beloved Adenike, come towards the back of the platform around 7pm, I should have been through with rehearsal.”
Nike went back to meet Anna, she recounted the proposal to her as they walked back to the hostel. Anna gushed at Mike’s confidence and said, “This must be God’s plan”. Nike was happy her friend also concluded that it was God’s doing. She called her cousin Babs and told him the news, they hardly kept any secret from each other, more so that he was the evangelical secretary of the fellowship he was bound to know sooner or later as all executives’ relationship were announced to the fellowship. 
Babs was not enthusiastic about the news and told her to pray to be sure and not give into any pressure by Mike but try to know him well first. She ignored his warning and gave her consent the following day. She had always felt something for Mike for over a year now and this proposal proved that God was a God of awesome wonders.
During the early days of their relationship, she was always impressed with the way Mike treated her. He was always with a ready-made answer to questions she posed to him and their relationship was envied by most of the female members. 
It was three months into the relationship that Nike got to know the kind of person Mike was, he was always hanging around different ladies after service and even talking and staying out late at night with them. 
Oregun University was one of the safest schools; students were able to walk free through all corners of the campus without fear. Also the school had twenty four hours non-interrupted electricity supply. It was not a hidden knowledge that the basic amenities enjoyed by the federal university was not provided by the government but by rich individuals who had their offspring in the university. 
This made it easy for some of her friends who always had night classes to sport him with different ladies in different parts of the school and each time she asked him about it, he said those ladies needed to discuss a challenging matter and he being an executive he could not turn them down. He even turned the tables on her one day making her feel guilty and looking like a jealous and insecure fiancée. “Nike you know what I have been called by God to do. If every time you see me with a lady you act like this what would you do when I start ministering to thousands of people. Our relationship is not like the heathens who need the other person to complete them. I have a duty to God. So you have to understand that whether male or female that God leads to me, I have to obey the calling of God upon my life first.”
Nike decided not to ask him again and to pray about her insecurities; Mike was a Christian he could not be cheating on her. It must really be God leading those ladies to him. 
However when she told Funso one of her new close friends in the fellowship and also her course mate about his response to her accusation, Funso pointed out to her that, “How come it is only ladies that God leads Oga Mike to? Nike you better shine your eyes, that guy is taking you for granted. If reverse was the case he would not tolerate you frolicking with different men at night in the name of sharing the gospel.”
Though what Funso said disturbed Nike, she decided she had to put her trust in Mike. He had said God had called them both into the ministry together and each time he was with her he emphasized so much on their future and made her special before her friends. 
However their relationship was not to enjoy smooth sailing like that as Nike woke up one Wednesday morning, to a terrible message from Mike on whatsapp, he had sent her a video with pornographic content and asked, “What do you think?” She had been so angry that morning but decided not to call him in front of her friends but to go to his room to ask him about it. On her way to his room, she told herself she would break it up with him if his answer was not satisfactory. She knew he did not usually have class on Wednesdays and must still be sleeping in. She knocked on his door when she got there and Mike opened the door ushering her in as he stayed alone in his room.
“Mike what is the meaning of the rubbish you sent to me yesterday?” Nike shouted immediately he locked the door
“Calm down what is it?” Mike said quietly.
“The video you sent.”
“I just asked what you thought about it.”
Nike looked at him wondering if he had lost his mind. “What did you think I would think? How can you send me that kind of thing or better still how can you have such things with you?”
Mike adjusted uncomfortably avoiding her eyes as he spoke, “I was sent the video by a lady in the fellowship. She is addicted to such videos and she needed help and I thought that you been a good Christian lady and soon to be Minister’s wife you would be able to advise her knowing fully well you would meet ladies with this kind of issues in future. You have to prepare yourself on how to relate with them without judging them.”
Nike looked at him to be sure and sighed with relief when he looked at her unwavering; she had thought Mike was into pornography. “You should have completed the message when you sent the video or not even bother sending it at all. Just telling me about it would have been okay. I was scared I thought you watched videos like that.”
“How can I watch videos like that? You have forgotten that I am an executive in the fellowship.” Mike lied smoothly as he tried to sound convincing.
“I am so sorry for believing the worst about you.” Nike said as she held his hands and smiled at him lovingly. “So what about the lady?”
“Do not worry yourself, I have sent some memory verses to her to meditate on and prayers for her to say when the urge of those kinds of movies come upon her.”
Nike looked at him with admiration. “I am so proud of you, I love the way you give yourself to God’s work. You are truly a man of God.”
“It is nothing.” Mike replied looking at somewhere else as her admiration shone in her eyes which made him uncomfortable.
“Okay then, let me be going to class I was so disturbed by the video that I said I would come here after my first class, I am so sorry for thinking such of you.” Nike looked at him apologetically as she walked towards the door. Mike saw her off and told her he would call her later.
If Mike’s demeanor had changed, Nike did not notice, she walked back to her class with confidence. After her classes that day, she told her two friends of her childish behavior and of Mike’s maturity in handling issues between them. Anna had chided her for mistrusting him while Funso had snorted in disbelief and said “Na So.”
Things between Mike and Nike were good after that time for a long while, but the devil reared its ugly head again when Mike started pressuring her to show him more affection outside words as he was not convinced she loved him as he loved her. She agreed to just kissing him and they never went past that, though the glazed desire in Mike’s eyes made her to know each time that he would have wanted to take it further but he always restrained himself for her. His friendship with other ladies did not stop and some of these ladies also visited him in his house much to her chagrin.
Funso tried to advise her during this period to address certain issues with Mike but she was not ready to jinx the relationship. She even started resenting Funso and avoided discussing her relationship with Mike with her. Anna too was not an option, she idolized Mike and would have not believed her if she made any complaint about him.
However the final incident that broke them apart came as a shock for the couple. Nike had tried calling Mike but his number had not been going through. They had not seen for two weeks except in church and each time she asked to be with him, he said he was busy with his school work, even though her friends saw him all over campus with one Caroline who was in choir as well. 
Nike decided to go to his department on a Tuesday to check up on him. She saw his course mate Wale, who told her that Mike did not come to class that day. Nike tried his number again but it was switched off, she decided to check his room in case he was sick and no one knew about it.
On getting to the room, she pushed the door slightly and was shocked that it gave way beneath her slight push. That means Mike was inside so she did not bother knocking and just entered. Mike was sprawled across his bed just on his boxers and Caroline, the lady in choir was sitting across his lap with just her pants and bra on as they both caressed each other.
They didn’t see her yet as she staggered back to leave as she closed the door loudly behind her in shock. This finally caught Mike’s attention and made him to rush outside to find out who came in, shouting on Caroline as he left, “I thought you said you closed the door.”
 Mike ran after Nike when he saw she was the one that came in. He pleaded with her but Nike knew she could not continue with him, she broke it up with him that day and went to cry in her room.
No one knew the full details of what happened between Mike and herself except Funso, Anna and Babs. She cried for days and even refused to go to fellowship for weeks and was attending another fellowship. 
The news soon got round that she was no longer with Mike, as expected people sided with Mike some said she broke up with him because she did not have what it takes to be a minister’s wife, some said that she broke up with him because of money. Mike tried to talk to her but each time he addressed the issue he was always ending with, “please do not let anyone know about what happened between Caroline and I, you are more matured than that.” This made her realize that Mike was only concerned about what people saw him as, she had been so gullible to stay with a man who saw nothing wrong in continuing his misdeeds, and she had chased after what his office entailed instead of character.
 Some executives called her to inquire but she kept quiet not because of Mike but just because she did not have the strength to discuss it, she just wanted to move on. The trial during this period made her to move closer to God and only those close to her understood the pain she was going through. To break up with a man you love was not easy, to keep quiet and take the fall for him was hell. The ridicule got worse when he became the senior pastor of the fellowship, then people started saying stories about, “the stone that was rejected is now the chief cornerstone.” 



*                                        *                                       *                                            *
Nike smiled and wiped the tears from her eyes as she remembered the past, a particular verse of the Bible came into her heart, ‘forgetting those things that are behind and reaching forth for those things before you.’ She prayed and smiled as the Holy Spirit kept directing her to the verses in the Bible that has been resonating in her heart all this while, Ephesians 5 :17 “Therefore do not be vague and thoughtless and foolish but understanding and firmly grasping what the will of the Lord is.”
 She knew what God wanted her to do. She had just been too stubborn to accept it, with tears of joy running down her eyes, she whispered her acknowledgement to God. Funso stirred from her sleep and stared at her friend as she smiled to no one in particular, “Nike, are you okay?”
 Nike turned and smiled. “I have never been better.” Funso kept staring at her weirdly while Nike kept wiping the tears from her eyes as she smiled. “Funso get some sleep I would tell you all about it later, I have to wake up early so as to meet up with Pastor Mike’s appointment.” Nike tapped her friend’s shoulder, turned around and checked the table clock, it was already four in the morning, she closed her eyes smiling as she drifted into sleep while Funso kept staring at Nike in wonder.











			                 CHAPTER NINE
GBOYEGA walked into the Adeoye's house and immediately Phoebe started trotting towards him giggling and stretching her hands to him. He carried her and threw her into the air. She screamed in delight as Vanessa who had followed her daughter to the door shut the door behind him.
"How does she always sense when you or my husband is coming?" Vanessa asked as she walked behind the two. 
"Because I am her favorite uncle and that connection is deeper than any human mind can fathom." Gboyega said as he placed Phoebe to sit on his head. 
"Connection indeed!” Vanessa jeered as she walked into the living room with them. Settling down on the couch, she collected a reluctant Phoebe to feed her while Gboyega switched on the flat screen TV and immediately changed the channel to BBC sports.
Looking up from the spaghetti she was feeding Phoebe. “Why didn't you come again yesterday? I made spaghetti and tomato sauce for you in vain." She asked. 
He tried to look contrite as he apologized. "I am sorry, our lectures ended quite late and I had to drop some people off campus. When I was through with that, I joined Chidi at a pub to watch a match yesterday and forgot to call you back. Don't worry I am here to eat the Spaghetti and whatever sauce you have made." He walked towards her and spread his hands out for a hug. 
She pushed him away and continued feeding Phoebe. "Don’t bribe me with hugs! The food has been given to the dogs." 
Gboyega held his hands to his chest and pretended to be hurt, "How can you give what belongs to Gboyega to dogs?" He started wiping his eyes dramatically much to the amusement of Phoebe.
Mrs Vanessa shook her head at him. "I packed yours into the fridge. You can take it home with you but I made potato salad today so you can help yourself with that in the kitchen." 
He hugged her sideways and said, "I know you love me."
"Who does my wife love in my house apart from me? Pastor Bankole Adeoye bellowed as he entered the living room and on seeing the display of affection he continued. "And the person is hugging my wife too."
"You know it is only one person that has the audacity to say so Pastor." Gboyega said as he walked towards the kitchen and Pastor Bankole sat beside his wife who handed sleeping Phoebe to him. 
"How are you Gboyega?  Why didn't you make it yesterday? You made my wife worried." Pastor Bankole called after him from the living room.
Vanessa smiled at her husband's question. "I just asked him the same thing now. I even threatened that I gave his portion of food to the dogs."
Gboyega walked in with a plate of potato salad and sat opposite the couple. "I am sorry Pastor, we had late lectures and Chelsea had a match yesterday."
Pastor looked at him immediately and asked.  "What was the score?"
"Really?" Vanessa asked sarcastically as she looked at her husband in amazement. She was still expecting him to reprimand him. "Just like that what he did has been forgotten."
"Babe, he is sorry. I know he won't do it again." Pastor Bankole pecked his wife on her lips and pulled her closer to pacify her as he winked back at Gboyega behind her head.
"The scores were three goals to one, and those Chelsea guys were superb." Gboyega continued. 
"I would watch it online, let's change topic before my wife kicks us out of the living room." Pecking her on the forehead, he teased. "I don't want to be sent to the dog house today." 
Vanessa pulled away from him and hit his shoulder playfully, "As if you would go if I ask you to." Turning to Gboyega, she pointed at her husband. "This man here loves his wife a lot and hates sleeping alone." 
Pastor Banks pulled her closer gently without waking Phoebe. "Which man would want to sleep alone having such a beautiful woman as a wife Gboyega? We only sleep apart when we are not together but apart from that I would walk on hot coals if it would keep this woman by my side through the night." Vanessa blushed and kissed her husband lightly on the lips. 
Gboyega shook his head; he was used to their public display of affection. He also came from a home where his parents didn't see anything wrong in kissing publicly. Sometimes he had to avert his eyes when his parents got a little bit too kinky much to his own embarrassment. "You people are just hilarious."
Pastor Bankole looked at Gboyega and said, "Just wait, when you get married, you would understand better or when the babe comes we would see how you would be reacting."
He shook his head in disagreement. "Pastor even if the babe comes, I am not ready for any relationship."
"Why?" Vanessa asked as she sat up. 
"Ma, you know I am preparing to go for my MBA. I am not ready to start anything with any lady for now."
"So if you were married already and you had to travel for your MBA, would you divorce your wife because of the distance?" Pastor Bankole countered.
"Definitely not! But there is a level of commitment in marriage that is not in a relationship."
"True but commitment depends on the parties involved. There are some people who are even married and are not committed to their spouse. If you both want to make your relationship work, it would work.”
 Pastor Bankole paused awhile before he continued. “Vanessa and I were also apart for a year. I was serving as a youth corper in Maiduguri while Vanessa was serving in Enugu. I didn't come home throughout my service year because I was the Head of the Corp Fellowship. We communicated most times through midnight calls and emails."  He finished.
Gboyega sighed and bowed his head in deep thought. The couple looked between themselves and after passing a silent message to each other, Vanessa spoke. "Gboyega is there anything wrong? You know you can tell us anything."
Gboyega sighed again and raised his head. After much consideration he decided to just go straight to the point, they both know his deepest secrets and have seen him mess up in the past. "I am deeply in love with a girl and I don't know how to go about it. I have tried ignoring the feelings but I don't know again. No woman has held my attention like this even from my whoring past. There is just something about her that I can't place my hands on."
"Who is she? Is she in our church? Do we know her?" Vanessa asked coyly. 
"You have met her before and she is not in our church. I even have a feeling you know who I am talking about." He remembered how Pastor Vanessa had teased him when he offered to be her designated driver to the sister's program that was held in Nike's fellowship, where she was to teach as the guest minister. He had pretended not to understand what she meant that day and feigned innocence but for the most part of the Sister's program his eyes were locked on Nike’s head where she sat in front with other ladies. 
"What is her name? I don't think I know who you are talking about." Vanessa continued mockingly. 
"Her name is Adenike Kupoluyi, she came with the sisters' coordinator of Great Cornerstone Fellowship the other time."
"Oh" Vanessa pretended to remember, "Is it the Nike you were looking at while I was ministering at their fellowship program on the day you gladly offered to be my driver? 
Gboyega blushed in embarrassment. 
"Babe stop harassing the young man." Pastor Bankole chided his wife playfully and faced Gboyega he said. "So you love Adenike, that's good news. My wife already told me what she saw about you two, so don't mind all the drama she just put up. But back to the main discussion have you prayed about your fears and feelings?"
"Yes I have." Gboyega said as he sat up straighter. "I am just scared of her rejecting me that is why I have been using my MBA as an excuse."
"Rejection has never killed anyone. I advise you to get to know her a little bit and trust the Holy Spirit’s leading in this." Vanessa said.
"If you are sure she is the woman for you, go for it. Running off to MBA is a coward move. Get to know her first as platonic friends then state your intentions. If she is a serious minded girl, your MBA would not come in between the both of you." Pastor Bankole added. 
"Alright sir." Gboyega sat quietly as he mused over their words of advice. After some time he got up to leave, the couple prayed with him and saw him off to the door.





















	
                                                  CHAPTER TEN 
AROUND twelve o'clock in the afternoon Nike, Anna and Funso stepped outside their class. They all came out to take a break from their reading. This was lecture free week according to the university’s calendar where no lectures held and students were given one week to prepare for their forthcoming exam.
Funso stopped and looked between her friends. "Girls, please can we buy lunch at the cafeteria? I am hungry." 
"But you took custard and beans cake this morning. We have to continue the revision." Anna replied.
"All the revision we have been doing since has not yielded much result, maybe when we eat we would actually understand the calculus well."
Anna and Nike started laughing. Funso does not joke with food but even with all the food she eats, she was slimmer than her two friends because she had fast metabolism.
"Just say you are hungry and can't function properly without food. However we would pause the revision and follow you to the cafeteria on one condition, you buy us both meat pie and cold drinks." Nike stretched forth her hand as she waited for Funso to agree. 
"Fine, I would have bought for you girls anyway." She shook hands with Nike to strike a deal. They soon walked down the corridor into the cafeteria.
After placing their orders, the three friends sat down to discuss the forthcoming exams. The apprehension on the faces of students around them could be seen; some even brought their books to the cafeteria.
"I don't understand how people can read in this place; the noise and the people eating would surely be a distraction." Anna looked round as she made her statement. 
Nike looked up as well and said. "Some people love reading in places like this, but I don't believe any serious reading can be done here."
"Exactly." Anna responded. 
"I can read here, it is just that I would not be reading my school books but would be studying the menu for the day." Funso answered cheekily as the two other friends laughed at her.  The waiter brought their orders, and Funso immediately grabbed the food and started eating.
"You won't even pray over it?" Anna asked.
Funso looked up answered. "I don't remember to pray all the time over my food but since you mentioned it. Bless this food oh Lord for Christ sake. Amen!" 
 Nike shook her head and continued sipping her drink in silence.
Anna pushed Nike's shoulders, pointed to the door and whispered. "Is that not Gboyega?"
Nike looked up immediately and upon recognition, she pushed Anna's hands down and said, "Stop pointing, he is the one."
However Gboyega had seen them, he waved at the three friends and continued talking to some ladies at the door. One of the ladies with him moved closer to adjust his collar and put her hands around him. He stepped out of her reach and continued talking while the girl continued to inch closer to him.
  Funso dropped her fork and hissed at the display the girl was making. "But can girls like this just stop being desperate?"
"Funso reduce your voice, people can hear you." Anna replied.
Nike sat quietly without responding to anyone of them, though by her peripheral vision she monitored Gboyega's movement. He was no longer talking with the ladies at the door but stopped to return the greetings of some guys, two tables away from where they sat. He soon looked in their direction and immediately she concentrated on the keypads of her phone and ate her meat pie. She sensed his presence at her back but she refused to look up. 
"Good afternoon ladies." Gboyega greeted. 
"Mr. Gboyega, good afternoon. How is your day going?" Anna replied. 
"Mr. Gboyega of life!" Funso hailed as she stylishly pushed Nike's shoulders.
Nike that was pretending not to have heard his greetings asked. "What is it?"
"Look back," she responded. Nike finally looked back and saw Gboyega standing directly behind her chair, with a smug smile on his face. 
"Hey Mr. Gboyega." She said with mock surprise, Gboyega nodded in acknowledgement and laughed. He turned to the other ladies as he drew a chair closer, "Can I sit with you?" 
"No problem." Funso quipped as she adjusted her seat to accommodate him. As he sat down with them, he signaled to a waiter to place his order. 
"Ladies do you want something else apart from all these?" The three of them shook their heads and the waiter left. "So what's up with you girls? How is jacking?"
"We just came out to relax, we have been in the study room since eight am and if not for this madam here who said she was hungry, we would have gone back."  Anna said as she pointed to Funso. 
"I needed to refuel myself. Don't you know when you read you burn calories?" 
"But you ate in the morning. And from where did you hear that when you read you burn calories, nutritionist Funso?" Nike asked.
"I saw it on Facebook." Funso said with certainty.
"Madam just admit that you are a foodie." Nike concluded as they all laughed at Funso, who threw the serviette on the table at Nike. 
"What course are you all having first?" Gboyega turned to Nike, though asking the three friends as the waiter served his food.
"Calculus," Nike said as she answered him, while avoiding his intense gaze at her. He was looking at her as if they had no audience. Though it didn't make her feel irritated but she was feeling very self-conscious around him. 
Gboyega sensing her discomfort turned towards the other ladies. "So how is studying calculus going?"
Anna smiled and said "It has been going well."
Funso shook her head in disapproval, "Anna it has not been going well. I am not looking forward to going to that study room again."
"I believe that we would get the hang of it if we continue."
Gboyega remembered the technicalities that came with that course. It was the bane of most three hundred level students. Most students usually had to retake the course before finally passing it. Even some students had to apply for an extra year before passing the course eventually. "Does anyone of you have this book by Dr. Stan, Fundamentals of Calculus?"
The three ladies shook their head. 
"My roommate in four hundred level also talked about that book." Nike said as he looked at Gboyega. "Do you know anyone who has the book?"
"I have it, would bring it to the department tomorrow."
Nike smiled at him in appreciation. Her smile was seriously doing a number on him. Not only was she beautiful but had a good dentition to go with her gorgeous dimples. This is the kind of a smile a wife gave her man, which makes him feel like a super hero. But where did that kind of thought come from? He shook his head mentally as Anna and Funso expressed their gratitude. "But if you are free tomorrow, I can take you guys in Calculus around noon." He added. 
"Free?" Funso asked immediately as she dropped her fork and clapped her hands together. "What would I be doing that I would not be free?"
"What about you both?" 
"Sure"
"Certainly" Anna and Nike chorused. 
Gboyega nodded, "Then let's meet up at EC meeting room, I would get the key from the Faculty secretary."
"Thank you so much Mr Gboyega. You are a life saver, a heaven sent angel." Funso gushed in admiration.
"You are welcome." Gboyega responded, "I know how technical Calculus can be. Only twenty students passed the course out of over seventy students when I was in three hundred level."
"What grade did you have?" Anna probed. 
"I had an A. Though I had the advantage of taking some professional exams in calculus before resumption then."
"Guru." Nike hailed. "Please help us to be like you."
Gboyega shook his head at her praise, "You don't need to be like me. There are people that have passed that same course effortlessly and I know you all have what it takes to get an A as well." 
"That’s true." Nike said as she stretched her phone to him. "Please let me have your phone number so that I can remind you."
"No problem." He took her phone from her and saved his number while he gave her his phone to do the same.
Funso looked between them as they exchanged numbers. They were both pretending as if they had no interest in each other, yet here they are exchanging numbers. Turning to Gboyega, she said. "Uncle Gboyega you are quite popular, see how those girls were fawning over you at the door. I am sure they would not mind to be Mrs. Gboyega Benson" She teased as she waited for him to answer.
"There is no Mrs. Gboyega amongst them. I try to acknowledge people's greetings as much as possible. For now I am single and not yet engaged." 
Anna pecked up at the conversation, "But you must be considering that or are you among those men that want to achieve everything before they settle down?" 
Gboyega smiled, "I was actually considering that before now but with the right woman, I might actually start setting things in motion."
"So have you met the right woman yet?" Funso asked. Nike stood up immediately; she knew were Funso was going with this inquiry. "Gboyega please don't answer her." Turning to Funso, "It was food I knew you came here for, now that you have eaten let's return to the study room."
Funso waved them off without standing up, "You girls can run along would catch up with you later."
Anna got up too. "Thank you so much Mr. Gboyega. We would meet up tomorrow."
"Bye Gboyega, would call you in the morning to remind you." Nike said as she and Anna left.
Gboyega continued looking at them as they left. He knew if he wanted to be with Nike he had to tread carefully, though she was friendlier now than when they first met but she was still wary of his intentions. Funso coughed loudly when she saw he didn't turn his eyes away from the door. Gboyega looked up and faced Funso with a straight face. Funso picked up the chicken legs on her plate and said without looking up, "Back to my question."
"What question?" He countered smoothly.
“This guy was a tough meat.”  Funso mused silently as she struggled with her chicken, but so was Nike. She had never backed down from a challenge and until she found out what his man's plans were, she would keep checking him out. No one was hurting her friend again, once was too much an encounter. She decided to be as direct with him as she was with Nike, and if he had the same similarities with her friend of always saying the truth she would get her answer. "What do you like about Nike?" 
Gboyega gasped in surprise at her directness, this Funso girl must have super powers. He thought he had been able to hide his interest in Nike well away from the public eye that was his reason for taking his time to approach their table earlier. "What do you mean by that? Is it because I offered to teach you guys?" He decided to act offended. 
"Your help is appreciated, but I want to be sure that you have no bad intentions towards my friend." Funso replied boldly not showing any form of remorse.
Gboyega finally gave up smiling; her loyalty towards her friend was amazing. Her countenance showed that if he tried any rubbish with Nike, not that he was intending to but Funso would not mind serving his head on a platter. "Funso relax, I come with only good intentions. Much more than what you wish for your friend, I wish for her too."
"So you admit that you like her and would like to take things further with her."
"I admit to no such thing." Gboyega said, catching the shocked expression on her face he continued, "If and when I want to make any admission, I would appreciate the main subject matter of my interest to be the first to be put on notice."
Funso sighed, He was a smart man and he just earned another level of a respect from her. Smiling knowingly at him, she wiped her hands with the serviette and picked up her bag to leave. "You are a good man and just know I am in support of this union." She said as he stood up to let her pass. She left the table without waiting for his response or a backward glance.










                                              CHAPTER ELEVEN
GBOYEGA got up finally from his reading table at eleven twenty a.m. to prepare for the tutorials he planned with Nike and her friends. Nike had called him at ten minutes past eight this morning to remind him of the schedule, as if he had thought of anything else throughout the night. He had even picked his clothes and looked through the topics he planned to teach them late last night. He told himself he was not trying to impress her, but in truth he didn't want to guff in front of her. Little preparation was not a bid to impress, or was it? 
He changed into the slim fit jeans, light blue shirt and a fitted jacket. He considered wearing his gold plated wristwatch, changing his mind he wore his leather watch instead. Again he was not trying to impress Nike or her friends.
The face of Funso came up to his mind and he started laughing. If she was here she would have been able to see through his entire pretense. Remembering yesterday’s conversation with her, she had almost gotten him to declare his undying love for her friend. Finally stepping into his shoes, he grabbed his car keys, bag and turned off the lights before leaving.
As he got to his car, he pulled out his phone to call Nike to inform her that he was on his way. "Hello Nike, I am on my way to the department. Are you guys ready?"
"Yes, but there might be a slight change in plan. I hope you wouldn't be offended."
"No, what is it?" He urged.
"Some of our class mates heard about the tutorials and want to take part."
"Like how many people are we talking about?" Gboyega asked.
"They are about twenty five."
Gboyega sighed. "We cannot make use of EC meeting room then."
"We decided to use the main auditorium."
"You want to turn me into a lecturer this morning." He chided jokingly.
"I am very sorry..."
"... No it's fine, for you I would do anything." He cut in as she laughed uneasily over the phone. "I would be there soon." He said as he ended the call and entered his car. 
Fifteen minutes later he walked into the main auditorium, he found everyone seated awaiting his arrival. After greeting them, he commenced the tutorial. He tried as much as possible to simplify each topic and kept going over the explanation each time someone complained of not understanding. Two hours and series of questions after, he ended the tutorial. After almost everyone had gone he signaled to Anna, Nike and Funso. "As much as I love explaining to your classmates, this tutorial was put together for you guys. I want to be sure that you all understood the topics I treated."
Funso spoke first, "Mr. Gboyega I am so grateful. You are the angel God sent to deliver me from the jaws of calculus." 
Gboyega and the three friends laughed. "I don't know anything about being an angel. I am a man of like passion as yourself but I am happy that I was of help to you."
Nike shook her head, "You were more than a help. You were really amazing. You should be a lecturer; you have a way with teaching."
Ignoring the little dance his heart did at her praise, he answered. "I have a no intention of being a lecturer but that's not to say I cannot tutor people. The aspect of marking, collating results turns me off. And again I would just grade all my students A. But if you need my help in any subject just get across, even if I cannot help right away I would get someone to."
"Thank you Mr. Gboyega. Today was a big success in calculus." Anna interjected.
Gboyega gathered his books and put it inside his bag, "Let me be on my way ladies, need to go and study too. Would talk to you later."

After he left, the three friends sat back in the auditorium to look over the questions they solved and look through the textbook and study notes Gboyega gave them.
"Nike can you ask Gboyega for his remaining study notes that he used in other courses?" Anna asked.
"I don't know but why don't you ask him." She still didn't know Anna's thoughts about Gboyega and didn't want to give away anything either.
"But you have his number now, you can chat him up via whatsapp." 
"Okay I will." She said feigning indifference.
After solving past questions for extra one hour, the three friends decided to take a break and come back in the evening to continue reading. As they stepped out of the hall, Nike went straight to her Whatsapp and sent Gboyega a message:
Me: Hi, Gboyega can you please borrow us your study notes in other courses? This one with us was very helpful.
She sent the message and clicked on his whatsapp profile picture, six women were in the picture, and five out of the six were relatively young while the woman in the middle seemed elderly. She guessed that must be his mother and his sisters.
Few minutes after, he replied. 
Gboyega: Sure I would bring it tomorrow when coming to campus. Are you done reading?
Me: Yes we are.  We are on our way to the hostel. What about you, hope I am not disturbing your study time?
Gboyega: No actually got up to cook few minutes ago. A man must eat now and some people said reading burns calories.
Nike laughed as she remembered Funso said the same thing yesterday. Her two friends looked at her wondering what was causing her to laugh.
"What is making you laugh madam?" Funso queried.
"Gboyega said that lame statement you made about reading burning calories."
"You see, finally I have one brilliant person in my corner unlike you two who know nothing about mental health."
"Sorry health practitioners, you both just like food."
"So it is Gboyega you have been talking to since?" Anna queried.
"Which one is since again? I just started chatting with him when we left class and you were the one who wanted study notes." Nike defended. 
"Haba, Nike I was not judging you now, just asking a question." 
The three of them fell silent and continued walking while Nike replied Gboyega's message: 
Me: You just like food. I am also going to eat though.
Immediately he responded: 
Gboyega: See who is talking? So you are going to eat and you claim I like food? SMH.
Me: Shake your head all you want at least I didn't use health facts to defend my eating. I can't imagine you cooking though, thought people cooked for you.
Gboyega: So you thought I employ people to cook or enjoy free services from ladies.
Me: You seem the type that would employ people to cook. 
Gboyega: Don't stereotype me Nike, or else you would fail each time you add things up. I have a cook among the service staff but she hardly does anything except getting groceries. But she works more when my parents are around.
Me: Alright let me leave you to your cooking Mr. Chef. Let's see what you come up with.
Gboyega: OK then, take care dear. I would send the pictures of the end product when I am done as evidence of good cooking. 
She laughed at his boast as she closed her Whatsapp page. As they got close to the hostel, Anna looked up and said. "Nike I know I have not been supportive with your break up with Pastor Mike. I am sorry."
Nike and Funso looked up surprised. Where did that come from? "Anna you don't need to apologize, I understand you want the best for me." Nike pacified her seeing the anguish on her friend's face. 
"No, I failed as a friend to stand by you even after you told me of all that happened. I continually saw the pain you went through each time he insulted you publicly but I just overlooked it. I sincerely apologize, you surely deserve better." Anna paused before she continued, "And if it is Mr Gboyega, I am totally in support. He is a good man."
Nike stopped walking making the other two to stop to look at her. She was shocked at Anna's statement but deep down she wanted her friends’ approval of Gboyega. She hugged Anna unexpectedly and whispered her gratitude.
Funso dabbed her eyes dramatically and said, "After this public display of affection, can we go to the hostel. I am hungry." The two friends parted and started laughing; trust Funso to bring up food.
Nike looked in between her friends as they resumed walking. She was happy to have them as friends, they don't always agree but they still stuck together. "Girls" She began, "I don't know what God has in plan but I trust him in this. As Anna said Gboyega is a good man and it is amazing how God unraveled that for me. I have feelings for him which I have tried to refuse to acknowledge but I don't know if he feels the same way."
Funso started laughing, "This is good." She said in between laughs. "I am so happy to be on the front row of this love story. Trust me dear he has too."
Nike looked at her intently, "Do you know something I don't know?" 
"Nope" She denied.
"So how do you know he has feelings for her too?" Anna pressed her as they entered into the hostel.
"Female intuition." Funso said with a straight face. "Alright ladies, I am going to eat. We would see in the evening." She said hurriedly and left before she gave away much information.
"It is obvious she is hiding something." Anna said, "But that aside you just continue to pray about everything."
"I have and I would still continue praying" Nike replied.
"We would see later then, maybe after reading today we would talk." She turned to her hostel block and left.
Nike turned to her block too as she went to her Whatsapp page and saw that Gboyega had sent the picture of Jollof rice, fried plantain and fried turkey to her page. She immediately sent: Excellent! As she entered her room and waited for his response while she removed her clothes.
					









































                                 CHAPTER TWELVE
THREE weeks after, most students had finished their first semester examination in Oregun Federal University. The sharp sting of the harmattan weather was felt early December on campus. It came along with dryness and brokenness on the skin like cracked water pots and most people struggled with parched lips. Most people went about with petroleum jelly, local Shea butter and lip balm. Nike immediately applied her coconut oil and shea butter on her skin. She kept the supplies in her hand bag in case her skin got dry later in the evening. 
There was a special program taking place in her fellowship for the next three days. Today being Thursday, the program was kicking off with drama night, followed by Word feast for the last two days. She was so happy to have finished her exams on Tuesday so as to fully partake in all the preparations for the program. She had joined in the publicity, and has the ushering head she had to be available to ensure the ushers were properly attired. She had invited Gboyega for this program and he had promised to come for the meetings since he had finished his exams as well. Their friendship had truly blossomed during the last month. He was always open to her and they spoke like long lost friends. Even if nothing else came out of their friendship, she was happy that she overlooked her prejudices and made friends with him. He was not only a worshipper but he was a man of integrity and wisdom. They had met severally during the course of the exams and he had even had cause to explain some topics to her. They had forged a friendship thus that they spoke with each other almost every day and he always made time for her.
She stepped out of the corridor with her bags as she checked the text message Gboyega had sent to her earlier.
I am almost done with my uncle. I would come over for the program immediately after. Cheers.
She sent a quick text message to him in acknowledgement: Alright, see you soon. 
Flagging one of the commercial motor bikes when she got out of the hostel, she gave the bike man the directions to the fellowship auditorium. Sighting Pastor Mike at the entrance, she walked quickly with her heads bent looking at her phone, pretending not to see him as she walked past. She always tried to avoid him at all cost when he was alone however sometimes he still found a way of cornering her. After entering the auditorium, she greeted the members around and started giving directions to the ushers that were already available. 
The program started almost immediately it was six pm, Gboyega rushed into the auditorium and nodded at her in greeting as he walked towards the seat one of the ushers showed him. As the drama night started, Nike glanced at where Gboyega sat looking at the altar at the presentation with rapt attention. She smiled inwardly and prayed for him silently. He had opened up to her a little bit about some of the struggles he had to overcome as a young man new in faith. She glanced up and saw Pastor Mike looking at her disdainfully before glancing back at the drama members. What had she done again? She checked through the list of duties she was required to carry out, she had carried out all, so what could make Pastor Mike angry again? Turning towards the entrance, she looked back at him again but found him looking at Gboyega this time. "Oh" She sighed and continued her duties.
After the program, Gboyega walked towards her with a smile and greeted her. Thanking her for inviting him, while most of the fellowship members looked on. She turned towards him and saw him off to his car, after which he drove off with the promise to call her later in the night.
She walked back inside and joined the other executives as they waited for the pastor to commence the post program meeting. Few minutes after the meeting commenced and after a few recommendations Pastor Mike surprisingly brought the meeting to a close but not before asking Nike to wait behind. Anna rubbed her shoulders encouragingly and in understanding before leaving her in the company of Pastor Mike. They stood few feet apart in silence for a while before Pastor Mike broke the silence, "Nike what are you doing in the company of a man like Ree-Dee?"
She sighed inwardly, "He is a friend of mine."
"Friend?" He asked bitingly. "Do you know what this friendship of yours makes of me in this fellowship?" Nike gaped at him as he continued, "Not only have you ridiculed me before the whole fellowship but this is a total disrespect to me and disregard to your office as the welfare secretary and ushering head of this fellowship."
Immediately Nike raised her hand to stop him as she spoke very quietly trying to curtail the rising anger within her, "What relationship are you talking about? How many times would I tell you that it is over between us? Gboyega is my friend and a good man, there is nothing remotely intimate between us but even if that happens I would ensure I inform the counseling committee." She stated. 
Pastor Mike looked at her angrily, "What do you mean by that? I am sure you are not contemplating a relationship with someone that does not act or looks like a Christian."
Nike laughed and adjusted her hand bags. "Pastor, God doesn't need actors or a person that has the looks. If a man is in Christ he is a new creature."
"And God doesn't change his mind either, God has chosen us to be together, you shouldn't change God's plan. Hope you know this act of yours might cause uproar in the fellowship and might lead to suspension?"
Nike bewildered looked up at the man she had given her heart to as a young fresher. This could not be coming from a man who claimed to support and protect her, "You disappoint me at times Pastor Mike. It should not have been you that would threaten me with such. After I took the fall of our failed relationship, you are stooping to this new low. You caused me a lot of pain and yet you can threaten me with suspension. Just to remind you, I never said God chose you for me. That statement is all on you." Wiping the tears from her eyes, she held up her to shut him up as she continued talking, "But even if at a point I felt convinced that it was God, remember Saul was first God's choice too before David. Threatening me would get you nowhere, this is beneath you Mike. I pray you find your way back soon but I would never stop praying for you." She turned and left as she wiped the tears from her eyes leaving Mike dumbfounded and staring into space. Some of the members of the fellowship tried to greet her as she passed but she just smiled sadly and continued walking.
She met Anna in front and they left together. On the way she told Anna everything including the threat amidst tears. Anna held her by the shoulders, hugged her and whispered "All would be well. I am sorry for not standing by you all this while. You deserve the best Nike and thank God for giving you strength to walk away when you did."
Later that night, Gboyega called to greet her as promised but through her cold response he knew something was wrong and promised to check her the next morning in her hostel.
*                               *                                  *                                 *                             
GBOYEGA got down from his car and waited in front of Nike's hostel. She had promised to meet him outside instead of inviting him in because her roommates were present and they would not have been able to talk. He soon sighted her coming in grey yoga pants and a blue camisole. On getting closer he saw that her face was devoid of makeup and pretty swollen. She must have cried overnight obviously. After greeting and shaking hands with her, he opened the door for her to get into the car so that they could talk. They both sat in silence, while Gboyega waited for her to talk without pressuring her. 
Nike wiped the tears from her eyes and collected the handkerchief he gave her to blow her nose.  She told him everything about her past and the issues she has been facing with her ex as Gboyega listened without interrupting her. After telling the whole story, she informed him about the threat of suspension Pastor Mike gave her. 
Gboyega smiled sadly and nodded his head as he prayed beneath his breath before answering. "I am sorry you had to go through all this and trust me your determination to not fuel gossip by taking the fall for the broken relationship speaks so much of your maturity." He turned her face and looked into her eyes as he continued, "I don't know your pastor but if by all you have told me about him, he is a child of God who is still struggling with pride just like some of us have things we are growing out of too. My advice for you is to let go of any bitterness and forgive him of the past or even anything he might do in the future. We have been forgiven so we should also forgive. Much more than forgive, I want you to pray genuinely for him. You might not be the one to marry him but he would definitely get married to another lady. He is also a fellow brother in Christ and more so he is a leader over you. You have your choice to make but you cannot disrespect authority, David didn't even disregard the king, even when Saul was wrong." 
"I pray for him but at times I feel so betrayed by someone who claims to love me acting like I am just a possession he can brag about."
Gboyega nodded his head in understanding. Some Christian guys were just interested in having any woman who fulfills the basic criteria they have put forward over the years. Holding Nike's hands he asked, "Please, can you do something for me?"
"What's that?" 
"Can you call him out on a friendly outing and just talk to him without any animosity." 
Nike looked at him confused, "What would that achieve?"
"A lot, I believe strongly that he needs someone to talk to him about his attitude and actions. He is a guy and if a man is not careful pride gets into one easily. More importantly if you both talk amicably, it would also help you move on."
"Alright I would do that but that would be after next week."
"What is happening next week?"
"You know we fellowship executives are not always allowed to go home beyond one week, so I would be going home for my one week break on Monday after the program."
"That is good then." Gboyega thought of telling her about his proposal but he decided to wait until she had spoken to Mike, he didn't want to pressure her and also prayed she didn't turn him down.
"I have been meaning to ask you this question Gboyega."
"Go ahead"
"What made the campus bad boy drop his play boy acts and turn to Christ. I am sure there is story behind it."
"Paparazzi and journalists just want to get the story at all costs. You would have to book a meeting time with my PA as I just don't grant interviews like that." Gboyega said with mocked seriousness.
She hit him on the shoulder and laughed for the first time that morning, "Can you just be serious for once?"
Gboyega smiled as she laughed, he had said it to make her laugh. Those eyes of hers that light up each time she smiles or laughs can make any man happy. He prayed again about the proposal, if she said yes he would try to do everything within his reach to make her smile. "Alright madam journalist, I know you are aware of my past and I would try to be as open as possible."
He adjusted as he looked away from her, "As you said I was a player who had no regard for women. I had a lot of friends in high and low places. Almost all the yahoo boys, cultists on campus knew me even though I never joined or partook in any of their activities. I was seen with different girls and even though I didn't sleep with most of them, those girls were just happy to be the latest flame of Ree-Dee. I enjoyed the attention until I met the last girl. Her name was Valerie and I met her at the initiation party of one of the cult groups, popularly known as Ash. Though I was not a cult member but I was invited because of the wealth my family possesses. Valerie and I got talking and like most girls she was just happy to be seen with me. After that time, she wanted me to be exclusive with her in public but gave me the freedom to be with other girls. She was very beautiful and popular in her own circle, so I didn't pass up the opportunity. Two months later, she came to my house and informed me that she was pregnant. I got scared and told her to abort the baby because I was not ready to be a father yet. And even though my parents’ would not have been happy about the situation, they would have forced me to marry her. I was nervous but I also didn't expect her reaction to the idea been a street wise girl. She threatened to go to the press and even threatened to inform her brother who I got to know that day to be the head of the cult group who held the initiation party."
"Wow" Nike gaped at him.
"I pretended to agree to father the child and marry her after the delivery. I was trying to buy time for myself because even in my depraved state, I knew I could not marry Valerie just because she was pregnant for me. After she left that day, I drove around the express way in deep thought and got down in front of Rhema International. I sat in front of the church not for any spiritual reason because I was still thinking of a way I could cajole Valerie to abort. Just as I was about leaving, a car coming out of the church stopped by my side. He introduced himself as the pastor of the church and I would have walked away without answering him if not that his car had accidentally brushed my car when he stopped and turned to talk to me. In anger I cussed him out and transferred all my pent up frustrations on him. He apologized profusely and promised to pay for the damages. I shouted back in anger that who told him that the car or the money was my problem and he calmly asked without getting angry what my problem was. After much cajoling I told him, not because he was a pastor but because he was a perfect stranger who knew nothing about me and would help relieve the stress of the burdened news. He didn't quote any scriptures just encouraged me that I did the right thing by fathering the child. He prayed with me and even asked God to help me if abortion was what I wanted. By then I began to wonder if he was a real man of God. We exchanged numbers and he constantly called to pray with me. After sometime I accepted my fate and was already planning on going home to inform my parents. The Friday before the weekend that Valerie and I agreed to go home to meet my parents as I had met her family already, we went for our Ultrasound appointment. I usually don't go in with her, but that day I heard a serious argument inside and I went in to check. To cut the long story short, Valerie had tried to bribe the doctor to prepare two different reports and he had refused. He was a new doctor so he didn't know her at all. According to her original scan report, she was five months pregnant and we didn't meet until two months before. I later got to know that she had planned it with her brother and the father of her child who was also a cultist to act as if I impregnated her because of money. I was so sad, heartbroken and dejected but I knew if not for my whoring act I would not have been easy to set up. This served as a turnaround session for me and with the help of good counseling I began my life anew."
Nike pushed back the tears from her eyes, even though he had called for most of what happened to him, he had also gone through his share of heart break. "I thank God for you Gboyega, not many people get out of things like that."
"Exactly, I still give her monthly stipend to fend for her and the child. I don't blame her for wanting an easy way out and I keep praying that she would see the light like I have."
In silence both mused on the things they have shared and after some time they both parted ways with Gboyega promising to come for the program in the evening. Nike walked back in deep thought, Gboyega was a man with a popular and known past was it wise for her to be with such man or she should just go back to Mike and try to patch things up. She knelt down when she got to her room by her bedside and prayed quietly.























                                     CHAPTER THIRTEEN
ON Monday morning, Nike started packing her bags while Anna and Funso sat on her bed gisting about the program that held in the fellowship during the previous weekend. They had both claimed to come over to help her pack but had done nothing else but chitchat. Has she moved some of her clothing out of her wardrobe, Funso called out, "Nike, please don't forget to bring the Shea butter. I would pay you when you get back."
"Nike bring some for me too. I also need coconut oil for my hair." Anna added as she turned back to Funso, "I heard that onion is also good for growing natural hair and water as well."
Nike hissed, "Naturalists, please can you both help me to pack first."
Anna laid back on the bed, "I am sorry honey, I am still recovering from this weekend program."
"Same here but don't worry you would be fine and very soon you would get everything done. Let's just sit here and cheer you on.” Funso finished churlishly. 
Nike shook her head at both of them and continued packing, she should have known that their coming would be of no assistance. They were going to carry her bags to the park though and she would ensure they carried the heavy bags whether they wanted to or not. She folded her remaining clothes and started packing her books. She wanted to drop some of them at home.  Her phone started ringing as she looked around to locate it and found it with Anna who was smiling mischievously.
"Who is it?" She asked as she stretched out her hand to collect the phone.
"Who else would it be, if not our very soon to be in-law."
Nike shushed her as she answered the phone automatically smiling. "Hello Gboye"
"Good morning Adenike, where are you? Have you gone already?"
Nike sensing the agitation in his voice wondered what the problem was. "No, I am in the hostel. Hope there is no problem?"
"I would be traveling to Ibadan this morning. I wanted to ask if I can be of assistance with your traveling since you are going to Ogbomosho."
His voice was sounding sad over the phone, "Hope all is well? You didn't say anything about Ibadan last night during our chat."
"We lost a very close family friend who had served my parents for over twenty years early this morning and he stays at Ibadan. I have to be there today as burial preparations have started."
"I am very sorry to hear that. Please accept my condolence. I would get back to you on the traveling in the next five minutes."
"Alright, no problem. I would be waiting."
Nike dropped the call and faced her friends who had been listening in on the conversation. "Gboyega is traveling to Ibadan and asked if I wouldn't mind traveling with him. He is going for the burial preparations of a close family friend that died this morning. I don't know if it is proper to travel with him."
Anna sat up, "Is his character questionable enough for you to have reasons for not traveling? Or is he not a friend?"
Nike shook her head. "No he is a man of integrity."
"So what is your problem? It is a drive home not a marriage proposal. He is just being nice and caring like every friend should be. Stop adding up unnecessary drama to his chivalrous act." Anna said.
"And stop acting like a prude. You like the guy and you know he likes you before you start forming miss prim and proper here." Funso added as she and Anna started laughing.
"You both are not serious." Nike picked up her phone, told him she would be ready to leave in the next one hour and he agreed to pick her in the hostel. She finished packing her books and moved her things to the door before rushing to the bathroom to shower. 
Forty five minutes later, Gboyega called to tell her he was around but she should take her time. Funso and Anna immediately carried her bags for her without her asking but she knew it was because they wanted to see Gboyega at the hostel's car pack. She finished her make-up, picked her bags and left the room to meet him at the car park. Gboyega collected the bags from her and kept it in the boot with the other bags Anna and Funso brought. The latter expressed their sympathies on his loss before leaving while Nike and Gboyega entered into the car.
He turned out of the car park without saying anything. Nike tried to converse with him above the music playing on the stereo but he just responded with mono syllabic words. As they got to the main express way, he turned off the stereo and said "Can you please just join me in praying in tongues? I am feeling a bit down and would appreciate it if you can agree with me in prayers right now." She nodded her head and started praying. At first they were both praying quietly until he began to raise his voice. They continued like that until they got to the Toll gate before Ogun State where he bought several loaves of bread for her to give her family. 
"Thank you very much Gboyega."
"You are welcome dear, I am sorry for not being a good travel companion today I am just trying to deal with the man's death."
"Was he a believer?"
"Yes he was, Uncle FG was a Christian and he loved God a lot."
"Then there is no need to mourn like those who have no hope. He is in the best of place."
Gboyega smiled and looked at her. "Thanks so much for that, I am grateful for your support.  I am not really depressed because of his death but because of his children. Their mother abandoned them when they were little and since then they have had a very close relationship with their father. He was everything to them and their state of mind right now is what worries me."
“How old are they?"
“Alex the first child is married and living outside the country with his wife in Germany while Cassandra just finished her university degree and Andrew is in medical school. I know they are not kids but they have suffered so much heart breaks. Their father who had suffered alongside with them should be alive to enjoy the fruits of his labor now." "Gboyega" Nike called as she put her hands on his shoulders while he drove, "He is in a better place and I know God would keep his children as he had always done. You guys should just try to be there for them. I am sure with the love from God and your family they would be fine."
"My mum would definitely take care of them. At one point Alex and Cassandra were very close to my brother Akin but I don't know what happened along the line. I would try and support them and pray for them too." [Read Feigned Innocence]
"Don't worry I would support you in prayers too."
"Thank you Adenike. So what have you decided about our conversation on Saturday." Gboyega said changing the topic.
Nike looked at him in confusion, "What conversation?"
"Pastor Mike?"
"Oh that! I met him after the program to inform him that I would be traveling today. I also told him I would love to see him when I return."
"Oh okay" Gboyega said as he continued driving. "Just ensure you both meet in a place where you would be comfortable."
"I would." She understood what he meant, even though she knew Mike could not rape or molest her she was not going to take chances by meeting him in an enclosed place. Not even with the things she planned to address with him. She turned to look at Gboyega as he drove around the roundabout, who would have thought that someone she looked down on could now be her close confidant. He turned then and caught her staring. She immediately averted her eyes and looked outside the window.
Gboyega smiled and called her, "Adenike." When she didn't turn he said, "Look at me please." She turned at last and shyly raised her head to look at him as he continued, "There are things that I want us to discuss when I get back. By then you should have spoken to Pastor Mike. However I would appreciate it if you can make it down for the burial and don't worry I would send one of the drivers to come and get you at Ogbomoso."
"I have to travel back to Oregun on Sunday. I don't know if I can make the burial."
"The burial is this Friday. The children agreed that they didn't want a noisy affair."
"But what would I be doing there? I don't even have what to wear to your kind of gathering? What would your guests say when they see me there? I don't even know anybody." Nike said as she rushed her questions.
"Calm down." Gboyega smiled as he removed his right hand from the steering wheel and parted her hands that she held together. "First of all you would be with me and even if I am not with you my brothers would be there. All you need is a black dress and I know you have one because you wore it during your program last week. Finally people would assume that you are my friend, who you are and you don't need to know everybody."
Nike's heart fell when he said she was a friend but she pushed it aside and decided to strike a bargain. "I would come only on one condition, if you don't send any driver to pick me. Ogbomoso to Ibadan is about two hours."
"If that's what you want, no problem. I would really appreciate it if you can come."
"Alright I would come. Drop me at the junction. It would be easier for me to get a cab home from there.”
Gboyega shook his head in disagreement and said, "Please let me drop you at the car park. I don't trust all these road side lifts and I would be worried. I would have dropped you at home if not because of the issue at hand."
"Alright no wahala, though car parks do take time to get full though." Her heart did a giddy dance that he would be worried, she quickly calmed herself down remembering he had just said that they were just friends. They sat in amicable silence until he drove into the car pack and after ensuring to pay for her transport fare he left.




                                                  CHAPTER FOURTEEN
ONE week passed quickly and Nike returned to campus on Sunday. Her friends came around to welcome her and she shared the goodies she brought from home between her friends and roommates. She kept some for members of the ushering unit as well. Her mother had taken time to fry chicken and meat for her to take to school. Keeping the meat aside she brought out her pots to start cooking. She had bought fresh pepper and vegetables from the campus main market and planned to make efo riro and chicken stew. As she washed the pots, Funso was cutting the vegetables while Anna was turning the garri they planned to eat with the vegetables. Looking up from the bowl of garri, Anna said "Nike you didn't finish gisting me about the burial you said you attended."
Funso looked up from the vegetables she was cutting and said. "That's true; you only sent the pictures of what you wore to the event. What were the families like? Did they act superior or funny to you?" Nike rinsed the pots and smiled as she walked closer to her friends to avoid her roommates’ eavesdropping on their conversation.
 "Gist us now or what is all this fashion parade that you are doing?" Funso queried impatiently.
"Calm down, I would gist you just wanted to come closer so that my roommates would not hear." She gave the pot to Anna and sat down on one of the kitchen stools. "Girls, the program was simple and classy. Even though it was a burial the caliber of people who came for the burial showed how well connected Gboyega's family are.  The deceased was an employee of his father but he happened to be a very close confidant of the family. However I was shocked to know that Gboyega's family already know about me and even his mom came to greet me by my table. His siblings said they have heard a lot about me."
"Really" Anna asked incredulously as she started bleaching the palm oil for the vegetables.
"Yes, I was looking at Gboyega's face for clarity but he was just averting his eyes and looking elsewhere."
"I go love ooo." Funso said.
"The guy obviously likes you enough to tell his parents." Anna added. 
"Well maybe he likes me because he said he has something to discuss with me when he comes after I have spoken to Pastor Mike but I don't want to dwell on it because he called me his friend on Monday." Nike finished uncertainly.
"Babe just relax let's give him time if he doesn't state anything then just know you guys are meant to be just friends. The one that would come would come, don't let anyone lead you on ooo." Anna admonished in her sister coordinator's voice.
Nike nodded while Funso started snickering. "What is funny to you?" Nike asked angrily.
"Please don't shout on me. I just remembered how you were once acting like you didn't like the guy at one time and how but of you nearly crucified him because he doesn't look or act an MOG."
Anna joined her in laughing, "But really we were stupid, how is acting like a Man of God the criterion for being in a relationship with someone?"
Nike smiled and said, "Like I told Pastor Mike, God doesn't need actors."
"So when are you even seeing Pastor Mike?" Funso asked changing the topic.
"Today by five pm."
"Please, just ensure it is an open place and don't provoke him. You know he has a lousy temper." Anna pleaded with her. 
"Gboyega also said I should speak to him in a place that I would be comfortable and to call him before and after the meeting to know how it goes."
Funso and Anna started laughing as they gave each other high five. 
Looking at Nike, Funso said "The man is trying to protect his investment. One man's loss is another man's gain."
"Yes now, another man's ‘I am not ready to be serious with you’ is another man's ‘I have been waiting for you my whole life’." Anna stated.
"Well done madams, please can you make the soup I am hungry." Nike concluded as they all started working on cooking and serving the food. 




*                             *                               *                             *                              *
AT four forty-five pm, Nike walked into Nature Parks. She had chosen this place for the meeting because it was private enough to converse but not secluded. She put a call through to Gboyega and told him of the venue after which she waited for Mike to arrive. When it was five thirty, Mike sauntered in and after expressing his apologies for arriving late he sat down.
She gave him the bottle of Coca-Cola that she had bought and waited for him to accept it. After exchanging the necessary pleasantries she decided to go straight to the point. "Pastor Mike..."
"Just call me Mike." He cut in with the boyish grin he usually gave her whenever he expected her to get away with anything.
"I am sorry but I can't call you Mike again. You are my pastor and that's all you would ever be."
In anger he looked up, "So why did you call this meeting? I thought you were ready to give us a chance."
Nike took in a deep breath and continued, "Pastor Mike so much has happened between us. I called this meeting to speak on certain issues with you." She looked at him and continued when he said nothing. "I am sorry for acting or speaking rudely to you the last time. No matter what you are my pastor and I should respect you. I want you to forgive me for all the insults or pain I might have caused you in the past." 
"I hold nothing against you Nike and you know that. But all you are saying has not addressed our relationship." Mike said impatiently.
"That relationship has been over for a long time. You are a great man and if you put away certain things you would make a great husband but I cannot be your wife Mike."
"Is it because of what you saw me doing with Sophie? We didn't even get down to sex. You should know that these girls throw themselves at me and at times I try not to be rude but I have never given them the sex they crave, which you should be grateful for. All pastors are usually chased by women and it is just for the wife to know that no one can take her place. I have introduced you as my fiancé before the church and yet you are not satisfied. Nike don't you think you are the one to work on your insecurities?" He asked as he concluded his tirade while Nike looked on at him in amazement.
"Yes, ladies throw themselves at different men, pastors, members, celebrities and whoever alike but it takes a disciplined man to walk away. And even loose ladies know men who are not down to such games. I would not tolerate any form of disrespect just to be a Pastor's wife or first lady. God forbid! Some pastors might be doing it but I tell you not all pastors. Some have not lost the character called discipline, self-control and temperance." She finished as she spoke quietly trying to curtail her anger. 
"So this new guy got you so hot and bothered. I have never seen this kind of fire in you and it is making me even want you more. You are making me all aroused knowing you are burning for him." He smirked as he licked his lips. 
Nike cringed in disgust, "Geez! When did you become this crude? This is not you Pastor Mike. Don't let this position get you so swollen headed that you lose track of the real you. Just drop all this act and draw closer to God. I would keep praying and trusting God for you."
Mike ignored her, got up and said, "So you want to leave me for him. You know what good riddance to bad rubbish. You were boring by the way." He spat out the coke at her feet and left. 
Nike continued looking at the path he vanished through for the next five minutes in surprise. This was not what she was expecting at all.  She genuinely knelt down and started praying for Pastor Mike not caring who saw her. After interceding for about fifteen minutes she got up and began her walk back to the hostel. She called Gboyega and relayed the whole conversation to him. He encouraged her to keep praying for him. He also asked her not to give out all the details of the conversation to people so that they would not start spreading gossip or disrespecting him which would not solve anything or change the situation of things. 
When she told Anna and Funso that night in Anna's room, Funso just hissed and said, "That guy is just a disappointment, I pity the woman that marries him." 
"The more reason we have to start praying for him." Anna countered and they all agreed to meet jointly to pray for him and also pray for him in their individual closet.


















			            CHAPTER FIFTEEN
THREE weeks later Gboyega returned to school. There was only one week left before the school resumed for the next semester. Most students didn't resume the first week and some even came in after the second week. The first semester holiday usually held during the Christmas and New Year festive season. Some students travelled to their villages and those who could afford it travelled out of the country. The only ones usually left in school were mostly final year students, some cultists who had no family to celebrate with and fellowship executives. 
Gboyega had intended staying back on campus for the vacation and travelling home only for a week to celebrate Christmas and New Year with his family but the tragic death of Uncle FG had changed his plans. He was far behind on his project and he had intended completing the whole project before the next semester. However his project was the last thing on his mind today, he had been apprehensive about what he had planned to do. Last week he had fixed today to have his talk with Nike. He couldn't believe that he was this nervous to propose to a lady. If his past friends or siblings saw his room right now they would laugh. 
Even his friend Chidi who came this morning, was just teasing him when he kept checking the time. In his state of nervousness he had called his Pastor to ask for prayers. He knew if he sat down later to think of everything he would just be laughing but he was not even in the mood to crack jokes now. What if she said no or got angry? He pushed the thought aside and finally settled to wear a black round neck and navy blue jean with a jean jacket. He was going to look as casual as possible because any formal attire now would only add to his nervousness. He stepped into his Adidas sneakers and checked the time on his wrist watch. He had fifteen minutes left to meet up with her and something he knows about Nike is that she was always on time. He grabbed his car keys and rushed out before he blew his chance even before he started.
True enough Nike was already at three forty-five p.m.  She had worn the clothes her friends had picked out for her in the morning. She didn't know what Gboyega wanted to say but she hoped it was what she thought. She decided to put a call through to her cousin, she had been telling him of her friendship with Gboyega and he had always encouraged her to keep praying. He was the only one that she could call right now that would calm her nerves. After speaking with him for twenty minutes she adjusted her makeup and left the hostel. 
On getting to Nature Packs, she found him sitting down and pressing his phone. She had asked him why Nature Packs and he had said he wanted her to remember the place for something good. On getting to him he looked up and stood up for her to sit down. Gboyega tried to shut down on the nervousness by asking her about how her holidays on campus. 
"The holidays have been great. I didn't miss home that much because my friends were with me. Funso didn't travel home because her parents traveled to UK to spend their Christmas holiday with her elder sister, so it was not boring."
Gboyega coughed slightly and whispered, "So you didn't miss me?"
Nike looked at him shyly and averted her eyes, "I missed you. At least you have become my good friend." She said quickly.
"Good friend? So I have been automatically friend zoned. Now I understand the pain behind Adekunle Gold's song. "Gboyega added. 
"I don't understand what you are saying."
Gboyega smiled, "I was just teasing you." He coughed again and continued, "But Adenike what's up with this friend issue?" Don't you think we can do something about it?"
Nike looked at him with mock confusion, "I don't understand what you are saying. Do what about it?"
Gboyega adjusted himself, while Nike watched him as he rubbed his hands on his face before he continued. "Nike I would like us to take our friendship deeper. I sincerely love you and would love to spend the rest of my life with you. I didn't see any vision or dream or anything but I know I have found the one woman I want to spend forever with."
Nike kept silent and averted her eyes, lifting up his hands Gboyega turned her head to face him, "I love you Adenike and I promise to do right by you. In this short while I have known God and I have come to know you, you are everything and so much more than what I want in a wife."
Nike blushed and looked away again as he drew her face to look at him. "Talk to me, just say something."
Finding boldness to look into his eyes, she saw the depths of emotions within them. "Gboye, I don't know what to say can you give me time to respond."
"No problem you can take all the time you want. But if you have questions please feel free to ask. I would be traveling for my MBA in the next seven months and would have waited till I got back but I just made up my mind not to delay it again."
Nike sat in silence. She wanted to give her answer right away as she didn't believe in games. Even though that was almost the same thing she did for her ex she had known her answer since the praise night. Every time she was with Gboyega she was always at peace. The only thing she feared was what people would say about them. "Gboyega but what would people say about us being together."
Gboyega did a happy dance within and asked, "Adenike can you think of at least five things people would say?"
"Yes"
"Mention them."
She raised her fingers, "One, people would say I am with you because of your money. Two, people would say how can I be with a man with such a past. Three, people would say he is just pretending so as to sleep with her. Four, she is using him to get back at Pastor Mike. Five, they must be sleeping together or he might break her heart." She said as she paused to take a deep breath. 
"Exactly, people would always talk. The most important people are those that matter to us and the both of us know the truth. Or are the things you just said true or have any stance with you?"
Nike shook her slowly as she thought about everything, "No actually."
Holding her face together he said, "Then we don't have any problem."
"But you are traveling out Gboyega. I have never been in a long distance relationship and people say it doesn't work out."
Gboyega shook his head, "That is for people that don't know what they want. So if we are married and I travel out, does it mean we would divorce?" Nike shook her head as he continued, "I would always call you and I would be coming during vacations. Also you can come and join me during your holidays."
"I don't have passport or any travel documents."
"That is easy to sort out. So are we doing this or do you still want to take your time? I am okay with any."
"But what if your parents don't like me? Or think I am after you because of the money." Nike proceeded with her questions.
Gboyega laughed and held her hands, "Denike, they love you already. They already know about you just warned them not to scare you away during the burial. Even my pastor and friends know about you."
After this she kept silent. He held her hands and said, "You can take your time but don't leave me in the dark. I would respect if you just want us to be friends and would not pressure you." She looked at him and whispered, "Yes."
Gboyega looked at her in surprise as he waited for her to change her mind, when she didn't he hugged her and whispered "Thank you dear. I love you." She extracted herself from his hold and said, "I would still have questions and it is not because I am an unsecured person but when in doubt I believe in asking questions."
"No problem, I welcome all your questions dear and I promise to do right by you. I love you dearly and I want you to know that you would always be special to me." He hugged her again and pecked her forehead before letting her go. 
“But I have to inform the counseling committee, the pastor and patron of the fellowship, if the need arises. Those are the rules of my fellowship.”
“I would go with you to meet anyone you want to meet.” Gboyega stated calmly. “Hope Pastor Mike is not troubling you again?”
Nike smiled and answered, “He announced his engagement to a lady in another fellowship and ended his announcement with, ‘all things work together for good.’ He isn’t far from the truth though.”
Gboyega smiled in understanding and said, “It is well.”





















                                                     EPILOGUE
A month changed into a year and then two years, Nike’s relationship with Gboyega had blossomed more than she expected. He had recently rounded up his MBA program in Canada and should have returned to the country but he had explained that he had some things to attend to before he returned to the country permanently. 
Adenike packed her books to prepare for her meeting with her project partner. She was the only one staying in her hostel now. Funso had moved off campus to rent a one room apartment in four hundred level while Anna was now in another hostel. She hardly even stayed in her room in the hostel as she was always staying in Gboyega's house.
Before he left for his MBA, she had been officially introduced to his family all of whom she was now used to. The way they treated her was almost as if she was born into their family. Her parents were not even that forthcoming with affection towards Gboyega at first, it took them time for them to accept that he was not intending to deceive their daughter. But beyond all that Gboyega himself had been awesome, considering the difference in time he still ensured never to miss their video call every night. He had bought her a MacBook the last time he came around and he set up a Skype account for her before he left. She knew most of his friends over there and even had his roommate’s number who she called anytime his number was not going through. She had never been opportune to travel down but Gboyega made up for that by coming home each time he was on vacation. Even days when she did not get hold of him, the expression of love in their overflowing love account never depleted. More so he always had a genuine reason for the lack of communication.
This week was one of those times when she found it difficult to reach him. Most times it was just for a day or at most two days, but this week he had been elusive. His numbers were not going through though he had continually sent mails to her. Each time she spoke with his roommate Jai, he always claimed that Gboye was either sleeping or not around. She tried not to be bothered by it. She had asked him when responding to one of his mails and he had said he had been too busy to attend to his phone. She believed it must be his travelling plans taking his time.
Her phone rang as she entered into the lecture room where she had agreed to meet her project partner, Tom. Adjusting her books to the side, she checked the screen and saw Funso’s name. This was the third time she was calling her that evening. ;
“Hello Funso.” She said.
“Where are you?” Funso asked impatiently.
“I am at Admin lecture room three. I am waiting for Tom. Are you coming?”
“Ok.” Funso said and ended the call much to Nike’s dismay. She didn’t have enough airtime to call her back, so she just sat down and waited for Tom to arrive so that they could start their meeting. No one else was in the lecture room which was absurd for a Tuesday evening in her department.
After waiting for fifteen minutes for Tom to arrive, she brought out her phone to call him and just then the walls in the lecture room projected handwriting on the wall, which read, ADENIKEMI WILL YOU MARRY ME.
In confusion Nike looked around to see if people were about to use the hall for a program and just at her back Gboyega knelt down on his left knee with a ring in his right hand.


INDEX 
Abegi: Please 
Ajeji: Foreigner 
All Na Wash: All lies 
Ashawo: Prostitute. 
Causing Wahala Jare: Causing mischief. 
E Jo E Ma Binu: Please don?t be angry
Expo: Materials brought into the examination hall to cheat  
Fresher: A new student on campus.  
Jonzing: Dreaming. 
Jacking: Reading
           Mummy: An informal title given to female leaders in campus fellowships to show                respect. 
 Na So: A mocking way of saying you believe what the person is saying. 
 Oga: An informal title given to male leaders in campus fellowships to show respect. 
 SU: Slang used to describe female believers. 
Wetin: What 
 Worded: Slang used to describe those that quoted various bible verses and has in-depth knowledge of the scriptures.






 




















FROM THE DESK OF THE SIMISOLA 
Dear Readers, 
Thank you for taking time to read Caught in the Middle. My next book would be made available between February 14th and 22nd 2018.  Read the excerpt below, the book would be available for FREE to the first twenty who make their request via e-mail. 
I would love to hear from you and would appreciate feedbacks. You can personally get in touch with the writer via e-mail: thesimisola@gmail.com  
The Simisola.




FEIGNED INNOCENCE
Akin looked around members of the drama department as he addressed them, "For our upcoming drama night, according to the script we need a female worship leader to take the role of Susan." He faced the assistant drama coordinator, Mrs Petrak. "Ma, I don't know if you were able to meet with the music director to table our request."
The middle aged woman got up and adjusted her skirt properly before answering. "I met with Minister Sam last week Sunday and he recommended Cassandra Okafor the new worship leader, your family friend for the role."
The members shouted in happiness most especially the male members.
"She is the best for that role. There is a way she sings."
"The lady is a spirit filled music minister."
"I love how she ministers, my spirit gets lifted each time she is leading us in worship."
Mrs Petrack shushed everyone and continued, "I believe she would be able to do justice to that particular role. She has the innocence and chaste character expected for the character."
"Innocence?" Akin bemused as a scene in the past filtered into his mind. 
"I just want you to have sex with me. I know you like me and I like you too. There is no one I would rather give my virginity to."  A fifteen year old Cassandra said as she tried to cajole a twenty three year old Akin to pull off his shirt. 
She was stark naked and had woken him up from her brother's bed where he was taking a nap demanding for sex. Pulling the bed sheets and towel she had thrown aside, he said. "You are too young for all these. When you are of age and you still feel the same way, I would properly court you. Focus on school for now because all I can be to you now is a brother." He pleaded with her even though his body was telling him differently. He had to caution himself though, even if she already had the matured body of a woman she was not more than fifteen.
Cassandra pressed her body to him, and her hands wandered beneath his waist as she tried to kiss him again. Immediately Akin turned her to the bed and hovered over as he held her hands and warned her sternly, "We cannot do this Sandra."
Just then the door opened and Alex her brother walked in. "What the hell is going on here?"  Alex shouted in anger as he rushed towards Akin. Akin pushed Sandra behind him to protect her as he tried explaining to her brother. "Nothing happened Alex, please calm down."
Sandra started crying hysterically, pushed him away and went to her brother. "He lured me into your room and tried to rape me."
Akin looked at her in shock and confusion trying to comprehend what she said as Alex punched him straight in the eye. 
Coming back to the present, Akin shook his head and said again, "Innocence."



	



