Cautious


Copyright 2013 © Elizabeth Nelson
Smashwords Edition






All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2013 Elizabeth Nelson

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the author and/or publisher. No part of this publication may be sold or hired, without written permission from the author. 


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are a product of the writer’s imagination and/or have been used fictitiously in such a fashion it is not meant to serve the reader as actual fact and should not be considered as actual fact. Any resemblance to actual events, or persons, living or dead, locales or organizations is entirely coincidental.


CHAPTER ONE

Sharp piercing pain shot through her head, down her neck, and into her arms as she tried to move. Her eye lids felt like they were being forced closed by lead weights and there was the unmistakable stench of gasoline surrounding her. The metallic taste of blood in her mouth gagged her. It sounded like there were sirens and people shouting, but she couldn't be sure if it was real or just a result of the deafening ringing in her ears. Where was she? Why couldn't she move? She tried to lift her head and look around, but the pain that ripped through her skull was paralyzing. "Ouch," she whimpered. 
"Over here!" a male voice shouted. At least she thought it was a man's voice. Nothing seemed real at the moment. 
"Is she alive?" a woman's voice asked. 
Oh, god! A wave of panic washed over her. What if they left her here? She had to do something—move, speak, make noise, something, anything to alert these strangers that she needed help. 
"Ma'am? Can you hear me?" It was the man's voice again. 
"Y…" Her voice gave out. She attempted to clear her throat, which felt like it was on fire, and ended up coughing and choking. 
"She's alive!" the man hollered. "I need help over here."
"It's going to be okay. We're going to get you out of here." His voice was husky, yet calm and reassuring. "Can you tell me your name?"
Yeah, because talking worked out brilliantly before. She licked her lips and cringed at the taste of blood. Here goes nothing. "Misty." Her voice cracked, but at least she'd gotten the word out without choking on it. 
"Hi, Misty. I’m Aaron." 
She managed to crack open one eye to get a look at her savior. The flashing lights in the distance, the glow of the full moon in the sky, and the vibrant bright white teeth that smiled at her made him look like an angel from God—a celestial being put here, in this place at this exact moment to save her life. Her eye closed on its own volition and everything was once again dark. 
***
The steady beep, beep, beep, rhythm of the heart monitor slowly grounded Misty's mind and brought her around to consciousness. An IV needle was inserted into the back of her right hand and affixed to her skin with white medical tape. She was lying in a hospital bed, dressed in one of those annoying blue and white gowns, her body covered in a thin white blanket and she was freezing. Misty attempted to sit up and winced with pain. She brought her hand to her head and cringed. "Ah, my head," she groaned. 
"Good morning, Miss Bauer, how're you feeling today?" A short woman with black bobbed hair came into the room carrying a picture of water and a plastic cup with two pills in it. 
"Sore. My head is killing me. And I'm cold." She shivered and it felt like every muscle in her body had been severely beaten and were now in mutiny against her. "How do you know my name?" Misty had no recollection of getting to the hospital or of telling anyone her name. 
The nurse helped Misty into a sitting position and then covered her with another blanket. "The medics brought your purse with your identification when they brought you here last night." The nurse took the clipboard from the foot of Misty's bed and wrote down several things before returning it. "I'm Janelle, by the way. Here," Janelle handed Misty the pills and poured her some water. "Take those. It'll help your head."
Misty swallowed the pills and took a long drink of the ice cold water. "What happened?"
"You don't remember?"
Shaking her head, Misty said, "Only bits and pieces. I remember being in my car and then a man talking to me." She closed her eyes and tried to picture that man. He said his name was Aaron and he had the most beautiful smile she'd ever seen. It was so full of life and optimism. His eyes had been bluer than the water in the Cayman Islands and they were just as vivacious as his smile had been. 
"You were involved in a serious car accident on Route Nine last night."
"Am I okay?"
Janelle nodded. "You have a lot of bruises and a mild concussion, but other than that you're absolutely fine. Dr. Wilmer kept you overnight for observation, but you should be able to go home this afternoon. It's a good thing you were wearing your seatbelt. You were much luckier than some of the others involved."
That explained why her head felt like it was being split in two every time she tried to move and why her whole body creaked and groaned. 
"The doctor will be in to see you soon. Do you need anything else?" Janelle asked. 
Misty shook her head before laying back and closing her eyes. Slowly, the events that led up to her being here filled her mind. 
She cranked the volume on the radio and sang along to Journey's Don’t Stop Believin' as she slowly pressed harder on the accelerator. The engine of her metallic blue Mazda MX-5 convertible purred and hummed giving her the ultimate feeling of exhilaration. A feeling she never thought she'd feel again. The wind whipped her long auburn hair around her face, caressing her like a lover, who no matter how much he touched her, would never get his fill. Misty tilted her head to the sky and closed her eyes for just a moment to luxuriate in the warm, evening summer air and the smell of fresh cut grass. 
When she reopened her eyes she was greeted by a tractor trailer that had jack knifed in the road. Two cars coming from the opposite direction had slammed into the trailer and were in flames. Three cars ahead of her had managed to stop before hitting the truck but had rammed into one another. Misty's heart rate spiked and her body buzzed with adrenaline. She gripped the steering wheel tighter and slammed on the brakes. Her car skidded and she tensed, prepared for the impact of hitting the SUV in front of her, but instead the rear end of her car spun around, clipping the rear end of the SUV and she, along with her car, went tumbling end over end into the empty field. Misty screamed and squeezed her eyes shut praying she'd survive. Praying her airbag would deploy and save her from bashing her face on the steering wheel. Praying she'd be able to get out of the car once it stopped. 
The sound of the door opening snapped Misty out of her memory. A tall, thin man with graying hair and thin wire-rimmed glasses entered her room. He was attractive in a Harrison Ford sort of way. "Hi," Misty said. 
"Hello." He smiled and she noticed his teeth were a bit yellow. "I'm Dr. Wilmer. How're you feeling?"
"Sore."
"That's to be expected," he said as he began to take her vitals. None of it hurt until he shined his tiny light into her eyes. The pain was instant and searing. Her eyes teared up as she tried to blink away the spots in her vision. "The sensitivity to light will go away. In the meantime I would suggest wearing sunglasses for comfort."
"Okay." She rubbed at her eyes. 
"I'm giving you a prescription for Tylenol with codeine to help with the pain. I want you to follow up with your own doctor within the next couple of days, okay?" Dr. Wilmer set the written prescription on the table beside her bed. "If you have any nausea, vomiting, memory loss, ringing in the ears or severe fatigue I want you to come straight to the ER."
"All right."
"Good. Janelle will be in shortly with your discharge papers."
"Thank you." Misty smiled weakly. She was being released from the hospital and she should be happy, but all she could do was worry. Her car was totaled which means she didn't have a way to get home. She was new in town and didn't know anyone which meant she didn't have anyone to call to come pick her up. I could always call a cab. Then she remembered she didn't have any cash on her. Well, isn't this just perfect? There was always her sister. Misty frowned at the thought. When Misty had decided to pack up and move to Enbridge Falls after her nasty break-up with Richard, her sister had not been supportive of Misty's decision. The already rocky relationship between them took an even deeper nosedive. She sighed as she reached for her phone. What other choice did she have?
***
"I told you it wasn't a good idea to move away from home," Amanda said as she helped Misty settle onto the couch with a pillow. "You're not even gone a couple weeks and look at you."
Misty rolled her eyes. Not only was her sister judgmental, she was overly dramatic. "I'm fine, Mandy. It's just some bumps and bruises."
"I wouldn't call a concussion and a night in the hospital just some bumps and bruises." Amanda plopped down on the couch next to Mandy and looked around. "It's a nice apartment at least." 
Misty let that last comment slide. Amanda always had a way of making people feel small and insignificant. Her comments, which sounded like compliments, were really nothing more than veiled insults. "I'm fine. Really. You don't have to stay." Misty had known it was a bad idea to call her sister, but the damage had been done and now she had to deal with it. She hadn't expected Mandy to stay though. 
"If I leave who's going to take you to the insurance company and help you get a rental car?"
"You're right," Misty said with a sigh of defeat. A nagging in her gut told her that there was something else going on with her sister though. 
"Of course I am." Amanda grinned.
Misty grabbed the remote from the coffee table and clicked on the television. She flipped through the channels until she found the local news, which was doing a report on the crash last night. Misty turned up the volume.
"Fifty-four year old Jonathan Gilles fell asleep behind the wheel of his eighteen wheel tractor trailer, causing him to jerk the steering wheel and jackknife his trailer into oncoming traffic," the reporter said as the camera scanned the section of Route Nine where the accident had occurred. "Several vehicles were involved in the pile-up leaving four people dead and six others injured. With me now is Aaron Price of the Enbridge Falls Fire Department. You were one of the first responders on the scene, correct?" The reporter held her microphone toward Aaron.
"Yes, that's correct. I was on my way home when I came upon the accident," Aaron said. 
"What was your initial reaction?"
"To help…" 
Misty leaned forward as Aaron continued to speak. That voice. That face. That name—Aaron. "That's him," she muttered. That was the man who'd pulled her out of her car. 
"Who?" Amanda asked.
"That's the guy who rescued me," Misty said pointing at the television.
"He's cute." Amanda stood and went to the kitchen. "Are you hungry? I'm starving."
"Yeah," Misty said absentmindedly and turned her attention back to the television. The reporter thanked Aaron for being a local hero and he smiled. His smile was just as vibrant as it'd been last night and it made Misty's heart flutter. He was absolutely gorgeous. She'd give anything to see him again—to thank him for saving her life. 
"You don't have anything to eat," Amanda complained as she searched through the cabinets. 
"I didn't get a chance to go shopping." Misty turned off the television and stood. "If you want to take me now I'll make my famous quesadillas."
"Only if you buy mint chocolate chip ice cream for later."
"Deal," Misty said with a laugh. 

CHAPTER TWO

The drive to the supermarket was silent. Misty knew there was something bothering her sister because Amanda never willingly spent time with Misty. But, Amanda showed no signs of wanting to talk about it or bond in anyway so Misty did what she always did—she bit her tongue and remained quiet. Regardless of what was going on, Misty was happy to have her sister here with her. It was nice not to be alone. And no matter what Amanda said, Misty was pleased with her decision to move to Enbridge Falls. It was a beautiful coastal town in California with lush green grass, crystal clear blue waters, and blossoming flowers that smelled fantastic. Enbridge Falls was a hundred times better than her hometown of Carnegie, Arizona. 
"We're here," Amanda announced as she pulled into a parking spot and killed the engine. "I'll get the snacks while you get whatever it is you need."
"How long are you planning on staying?" Misty asked while they walked into the store. "Not that I mind. You can stay as long as you want. I just want to know how much food to buy."
Amanda shrugged. "I don't know. For however long you need me to I guess."
Technically Misty didn't need her to stay at all, but she wasn't about to say that. Instead, she got a shopping cart and headed toward the fresh produce section while Amanda veered off toward the freezer section. "Oh, hey, Mandy!" Misty shouted. "Grab some cool whip will ya?" Amanda nodded. Misty smiled and went about picking out some tomatoes, a head of lettuce, onions, and avocados. She pushed her cart down the aisle, eyeing the pineapple, not paying attention to where she was going when she rammed into something. 
"Ouch," he said rubbing the back of his leg.
"Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry," Misty said cupping her hand over her mouth and her eyes widening.  "I wasn't paying attention…" her voice trailed off when she realized who she'd just run into: Aaron Price. 
"It's okay," he said with a smile.  "Hey, don't I know you?"
Her heart rate spiked. Was it possible? Did he remember her? "I'm Misty. You pulled me out of my car last night."
Aaron snapped his fingers. "That's right. Blue Mazda upside down in the field. I thought you looked familiar." 
She laughed. "Wow. You've got a good memory."
"I never forget a beautiful woman." He smiled again and Misty's heart rate went through the roof. He was much sexier in person. His body was lean and muscular, his arms strong and powerful, making her wonder just how good they'd feel wrapped around her. Sandy blond hair fell across his forehead and curled around his ears. Sapphire blue eyes stared at her through thick, dark lashes. "I'm Aaron, by the way," he said. 
"Yes, I remember," she said suddenly feeling very shy and self-conscious. This man standing in front of her was a real-life Adonis, God's greatest creation. 
"How're you feeling? You were really out of it when the medics loaded you into the ambulance."
"I'm okay, just some bumps and bruises. Nothing serious. I guess I was one of the lucky ones."
"I'm glad to hear it."
Misty knew she was staring, but she couldn't help herself. Everything about Aaron was incredible from his strong physique and his dazzling smile to his sparkling blue eyes. The brusqueness of his voice sent shivers down her spine, culminating in a pool of lust so deep she was afraid she'd drown in it. It was on the tip of her tongue to ask him to join her for dinner when Amanda rounded the corner, her arms full of snacks. 
"You're still here? I figured you'd be done by now," Amanda said, dumping the food from her arms into the cart. 
"Amanda, this is Aaron, the gentleman who rescued me last night," Misty said with a nod in his direction. "Aaron, this is my sister Amanda."
"Nice to meet you," Aaron said. 
Amanda took his proffered hand and for a brief second Misty was jealous of her sister and the physical contact she had with Aaron. "Likewise," Amanda said. "And thanks for saving my baby sister. She always did like to get herself into trouble."
Misty silently groaned. Leave it to her sister to say something as mortifying as that. Aaron laughed and Misty felt her cheeks flush with embarrassment. She wished she could disappear. 
"It was no problem. I like it when I get to rescue a beautiful woman in distress." Aaron winked at Misty. 
"Thank you," Misty said. 
"Well, you ladies have a nice evening," Aaron said before walking away. 
Misty let out the breath she'd been holding. The view of him walking away was almost as good as the view from the front. His jeans hugged his massive thighs and legs, and lifted his ass into a tantalizing temptation. He had a confident, borderline arrogant, stride that oozed sex appeal. Wow. He'd called her beautiful twice and still she hadn't been able to gather the courage to ask him to dinner. She was pathetic. Besides, a man like him was probably married or at the very least in a serious relationship.    
"You should've invited him to dinner," Amanda said. 
"I know," Misty said with a groan. "I totally freaked out."
"That's an understatement." Amanda laughed. "Come on, let's finish shopping so we can get back to your apartment and you can cook for me."
Misty shook her head despite the smile that she was fighting to contain. What was up with Amanda? She'd always been very careful of how much she ate and now it seemed as though food was all she could think about. 
***
"I can't believe you caught the stove on fire," Amanda said, coughing and opening every single window in the apartment. 
"It's not like I did it on purpose," Misty snapped as she waited for her landlord to arrive.  He'd been less than pleased when she'd called to tell him what happened. She'd been renting this apartment for less than a month and she'd nearly burnt the whole building down. It'd be a small miracle if Mr. Terrell didn't kick her out on the street. That would be a nightmare. She'd have no choice but to move back home if that happened. 
"Dinner's ruined. We'll have to order pizza or something now," Amanda whined. 
"That's all you've talked about all day. What's gotten into you, Mandy?" A knock on the door stopped Misty from getting a response that she really wanted. She went to the door and swung it open. "Hello, Mr. Terrell."
"Miss Bauer," he said stepping inside. "So, what happened?"
"I really don’t know. I was browning some chicken on the stove and I turned away for a second to get some butter from the refrigerator. When I turned back around the stove was in flames." 
"I've called my step-son who works at the fire department to come check things out. There was a similar incident in an upstairs apartment last week. I think the stoves might be defective."
Misty was relieved. If the stoves were in fact defective then that meant it wasn't her fault and the likelihood of being evicted was dramatically decreased. Although, it was a bit irritating that her landlord had knowledge of defective stoves in the apartments and didn't bother to warn any of the tenants. There was another knock on the door. Misty went to answer it and nearly died when she saw who it was. 
"Hello again," Aaron said. 
"Uh, hi," Misty said, her voice laced with shock. She stepped aside so he could enter. Aaron was Mr. Terrell's step-son? What were the chances? 
"Hey, Dad," Aaron said walking toward the stove. "What happened?"
Misty watched with disbelief as Aaron and Mr. Terrell discussed the fire and the faulty stove. She felt like she was living in some parallel universe or something. Things like this didn't happen in real life. Sexy, buff fireman didn't save your life then call you beautiful after you hit them with a shopping cart only to answer a fire call at your apartment. What the hell was going on? 
"I'll be in contact with the manufacturer and we'll have a new stove in here for you tomorrow," Mr. Terrell said before leaving the apartment.
Aaron was leaning against the counter near the stove with his arms crossed over his chest. He looked mouthwateringly seductive with that disarming smile he wore. "I'm beginning to wonder if you have a death wish."
"Excuse me?" Think, damn it, think! Stop focusing on how hot he is and try to focus on what he's saying. 
 "First the car crash and now an exploding stove."
Misty laughed. "The stove didn't explode."
"No, but if you'd been standing in front of it when the fire erupted you'd be on your way to the hospital again."
"Yeah, I guess my luck these past two days has been less than stellar." She tucked her hands into her back pockets and rocked on her heels. Normally she wasn't so nervous around men, but there was something about Aaron that she found excitingly unsettling. 
"Well," he said pushing off the counter and sauntering toward her with that same sexy confidence she'd seen in the grocery store earlier. "You got to meet me. I'd say that was pretty lucky."
He came to a stop in front of her, his strong body so close she could almost feel it rubbing against her. She sucked in a breath and held it. The smell of his musky cologne surrounded her, caressing her senses like a well-known lover. God she wanted to touch him, to rub her hands over his chest and down his stomach. 
Aaron ever so gently put his hand on her cheek and she thought she was going to faint. "I know I'm lucky to have met you."
Her throat constricted and she wasn't sure she'd be able to speak, but she was going to try. "Yes, I'm definitely lucky in that regard."
He flashed her a smile that could melt a steel pole. "Good. So I'll pick you up at seven tomorrow night then?"
"What?"
"For dinner. I'll pick you up at seven," he repeated. 
She was stunned. "Are you asking me or telling me?" Nothing annoyed her more than a man who tried to boss her around. Richard did that all the time and was only one of the many reasons she had dumped him. 
"Neither," he said placing a soft kiss on her cheek. "I'm simply allowing you to let me take you to dinner as your way of saying thanks for saving your life."
Despite her annoyance, she laughed. "Okay, fair enough."
He straightened. "Good. So seven it is." Without another word, Aaron left. Misty stood, staring at her closed door, too dumbfounded to say or do anything. Her cheek tingled where he'd kissed her and her whole body buzzed to life. She actually had a date with her sexy fireman. 

CHAPTER THREE

Aaron was trained to stay calm during stressful situations, to remain cool during life and death scenarios. So, why then, was he so damn nervous about going on a date with Misty? It's not like he hadn't been on hundreds of dates before. Don't be a dipshit, Aaron. You're nervous because she affects you like no other woman ever has. She was beautiful and delicate.  Misty Bauer was a woman who needed a man like him to care for her and that was exactly the type of woman he wanted. He'd never found one before—until now. Aaron was an alpha-male and he made no apologies for it. He thrived on being in control, on being dominant in both work and his personal life. 
He took a calming breath and knocked on Misty's door. She answered almost immediately and with the opening of the door, she stole his breath. Dressed in a knee length black dress with matching two inch heels she was a vision. Her long auburn hair hung in loose curls around her shoulders and down her back. One side was pinned up in a flower barrette and her full, luscious lips glistened with a touch of gloss. 
"Hi," she said her voice a breezy whisper that stroked his already raging desire for her. 
"Wow. You look great," he said noticing the way her big brown eyes sparkled at his compliment. That made him insanely happy. A woman who could take a compliment was a rare find. 
"Thank you. You don't look so bad yourself."
Aaron glanced down at what he was wearing and chuckled. Black khaki pants, a blue button-up shirt and a black tie. He'd felt like such a girl as he agonized over what to wear. Knowing she approved made it all worthwhile. "Ready?" he asked.
"Yes," she said with a smile.
God her smile was fantastic. He escorted her to his Crystal Red Cadillac Escalade and opened the passenger's side door for her. Once she was safely secured he walked around to the driver's side and got in. He loved this car. It was one of his favorites. The heated leather seats were like goose down feathers on his ass. He wondered what it would feel like to have Misty on his lap, riding him, screaming his name as he sat on these leather seats. His cock thickened with the thought. Not yet, buddy. Soon, though. 
 "So where are you taking me?"
"To the marina," he said slicing a glance in her direction. 
"I didn't realize there were any restaurants near the marina."
"There aren't. I thought we'd have dinner on my boat tonight. Enjoy the evening air and the moonlight."
She jerked her head to look at him, her expression a mixture of shock, awe, and excitement. "I know nothing about you and you want me to go out on a boat with you? Alone?"
He chuckled. "We won't be alone. I have a full staff on hand."
"Oh, even better, a staff full of people on your payroll. Sounds wicked safe," she said sarcastically.
Aaron reached over and took her hand. He brought it to his lips and gave her knuckles a firm kiss. "Relax, Misty. If I wanted any harm to come to you I never would've pulled you out of your car." Misty smiled and his heart skipped a beat. "I simply want to have some uninterrupted time to get to know you. Is that all right?" 
"That's more than all right," she said. 
"Good because we're here." He parked the SUV, got out and went around to her side. Taking her hand he helped her out. 
"That's your boat?" she asked. 
"Sure is." He smiled proudly as he led her toward the dock. He'd never brought a woman to his boat before. It was his safe place, a place he could be alone and hide away from his job and the nastiness of the world. His boat was his home. Sure, he had an apartment, but that place had never truly felt like home. There was nothing quite like the feel of the water rocking the hull and the smell of the ocean breeze. "Dinner will be ready soon. Would you like to eat on the upper deck or in the cabin below?"
"The upper deck is fine."
Aaron took her hand, lacing their fingers, and led her down below. "While we're waiting I'll give you the grand tour. The cabin is where I spend most of my time when I'm on board. It's just like home."
Misty stopped and looked around, her gaze lingering on the faux fireplace before moving onto the U-shaped bar. 
"Would you like a drink?" he asked. 
"Some ice water would be great. Thank you."
"Are you sure you only want water? I've got a fully stocked bar. You name it and I probably have it."
She laughed and his heart soared. "I took some pain medication last night and I can't drink alcohol, but thanks for offering."
"Right, the accident, I forgot." Aaron went around behind the bar and got out two glasses. He filled them with ice and then water. He hadn't realized until right now just how relieved he was that she was okay. 
"You don't have to refrain on my account," she said taking the glass from him. 
"Nonsense. I don't need alcohol to enjoy myself," he said with a wink. "That's what I have you for." Aaron watched the pinkish hue color  in her cheeks and his desire to strip her naked and fuck her right here on the floor was overwhelming. If his words had that effect on her then he had no doubt his touch could do so much more. 
Misty sipped her water, a faint smile played on her lips. Damn she was gorgeous. "So tell me, Aaron, do you go all out like this for all the girls?"
He laughed. "No, just for the ones I really like."
She raised a brow and grinned. "And what is it about me that you like so much?"
"Everything." Aaron took the glass from her hand and set it on the bar along with his, then took a step toward her, closing the gap between them. He framed her face with his hands and brushed his lips over hers, his tongue licking over her bottom lip, coaxing them to open for him. They did and he groaned as his tongue dipped inside her warm mouth, exploring, tasting, and probing. He felt her hands snake around his neck and her fingers splay into his hair. Letting go of her face he put his arms around her waist and yanked her tight against his body, his hands coursing down her back and landing on her scrumptious little ass. She was so pliant against him, her moans of approval swallowed by his eager kiss, and his cock jerked in response. 
"Aaron," she whispered.
He nipped at her bottom lip before engaging her in another long, erotic dance of their tongues and lips. His cock ached with the need to be buried inside of her. Christ, what was she doing to him? He'd never been this out of control with a woman before. Aaron Price was a man who was always in control and one touch of her lips to his and he was like a horny teenager fumbling to get laid. "God I want you so much, Misty," he murmured against her lips, loathe to leave them even for a second. 
"Please, Aaron," she said putting her hands flat on his chest and taking a deep breath. "I'm sorry, but slow down. Please."
Slow down? He was having trouble refraining from ripping that dress from her body and she wanted to slow down? Suppressing a groan he reluctantly pulled his mouth from hers and ran the pad of his thumb across her kiss swollen lips. "Do you have any idea what you do to me?" he asked, dropping his forehead to hers and smiling.
"I have a pretty good idea." Misty glanced down and Aaron followed her gaze. His crotch bulged with his erection. "It's just," she licked her lips "I just got out of a long term relationship and I’m not quite ready to jump into anything right now."
He had an overwhelming urge to beat the bastard who'd broken her heart and made her hesitant to get involved with him. "Okay," he said after a moment. "I'll give you some time, but mark my words, Misty. I will have you."
She took a breath and he heard it catch in her throat. There was no denying it. Misty wanted him just as badly as he wanted her and he'd be damned if he was going to let her slip through his fingers because of a bad break-up. "Let's go eat shall we?" he said once again taking her hand and lacing their fingers together. They walked silently to the upper deck where a table for two sat. He pulled out her chair and waited for her to be comfortably seated before taking his own seat. 
"Mmm," she hummed and inhaled deeply. "It smells delicious."
Aaron smiled. He thrived on the knowledge that she appreciated what he'd done for her. "So, how long have you lived in Enbridge Falls?" he asked placing his napkin in his lap.
"About three and a half weeks. I moved here after the break-up. I needed a new city, new faces, a fresh start," she said putting a forkful of pasta in her mouth. 
"Where did you live before?"
"Arizona." 
He watched intently as she ate, fascinated by the way her delicate jaw worked in a rhythmic motion to chew and swallow her food. Cutting a piece of chicken he popped it into his mouth and savored the taste of the Monterey flavoring over his tongue. "And what do you do for a living?"
"Right now? Nothing. I'm in-between jobs, but before I left Arizona I was a teacher for kids with special needs."
"Are you hoping to continue in that field?"
Misty took a sip of water and shrugged. "I don't know. I mean, I liked my job and I adored the children I worked with, but it's very emotionally draining. And God knows I've had enough emotional turmoil to last me a lifetime." She took another drink. "Enough about me. What about you, Aaron?"
"What about me?" he asked with a laugh. "I've always wanted to help people but didn’t have the patience for college so I joined the fire department."
She glanced around at the boat. "They must pay you well."
He grinned. "It's a volunteer fire department."
"Oh." A slight grimace contorted her beautiful face. 
"My biological father was very wealthy and he left me everything when he died. I never have to work a day in my life if I don't want to."
"Lucky you."
They ate in companionable silence for a while. Aaron was dying to know about her break-up. What could've happened to cause her to move to a different state? What was she hiding? Or, better yet, who was she hiding from? He'd get it out of her in time. Right now he was just going to enjoy her company and if he got lucky, maybe he'd get to enjoy another kiss or two. 

CHAPTER FOUR

Despite her reservations, Misty was having a great time. She didn't think it was possible to have fun after the hell Richard had put her through, but Aaron was nothing like Richard. Aaron was kind and funny, sexy as hell and he knew how to treat a woman. Most importantly, he understood boundaries. She'd told him to stop earlier and he had. In her eyes, that had won him a lot of points. They were now down in the cabin, sitting on the plush, microfiber sectional couch, drinking coffee and gazing at the fire. Misty couldn't remember the last time she'd felt so relaxed. 
"So, I've met your sister. Do you have any other siblings?" Aaron asked draping his arm across the back of the couch.
"I have a younger brother. He's only nineteen. Mom calls him her mid-life crisis baby."
Aaron laughed. "Most people buy a sports car or have an affair."
She frowned. There was that nasty A-word she hated so much. "What about you? Do you have any siblings?"
"I have a step-sister. We never got along very well. She always thought I was an interloper for her father's attention. She moved to New York after high school and only comes back for holidays."
"Mr. Terrell is her biological father?"
He nodded. "James. Yes. My mother married him shortly after my father died. I was just seven."
"What happened to your father?"
Aaron set his cup of coffee on the small oak table at the end of the couch then took hers and set it beside his. He took both of her hands into his and looked at her pointedly. "He died in an apartment fire."
"Oh." Her face flushed with embarrassment. What had possessed her to ask such a personal question? 
He smiled weakly. "He was with his mistress when it happened. In a matter of hours my mother learned that her husband wasn't just dead, but that he'd died in the arms of another woman."
"I'm so sorry, Aaron."
Taking her face into his hands he leaned closer and Misty felt that fuzzy tingling in her stomach. This man had a strange effect on her. "Don't be. Even though I was only seven when it happened, it was a defining moment in my life."
Misty swallowed tight and licked her lips. "It's good that you can find the positive in such a bleak situation."
"Enough talking," he said slanting his mouth over hers and slipping his tongue into her mouth. Her eyes fluttered closed and she was instantly lost in him and his kiss. A low appreciative moan escaped from her throat. His lips were soft yet firm against hers. It was evident that Aaron was a man who knew what he wanted and he wasn't afraid to go after it. 
Misty's mind raced and swirled with the realization that it was her he wanted, her who he was so adamantly pursuing. She should be afraid. She should put an end to this right here, right now, before it got out of hand. But it was just too good. The feel of a man kissing her like she was the only woman in the world; the feel of his unbridled desire for her and her alone—it was something she'd so desperately wanted to feel from Richard and something he'd never felt she was worthy of. But Aaron did. She needed to turn off her mind and just enjoy the feelings Aaron invoked in her. Yet, she was having trouble doing that. Her fears were too great, her emotional wounds too deep. 
Aaron kept their mouths engaged as he gently guided her back onto the couch. The feel of his body weight on top of her had her wiggling beneath him in a feeble attempt to get closer. He wedged his massive thigh between her legs and pushed against her pulsing sex. She clutched his head; his hair entwined through her fingers, and groaned her approval. Aaron left her mouth and trailed kisses along her jaw and down her neck, across her throat and up to her ear. His teeth tugged on her earlobe before he licked and kissed the soft curve behind it. Misty arched her body into him, desperate for more of his touch. 
"Yes," she breathed when his hand cupped her breast, kneading it tenderly.
"I. Want. You." He punctuated each word with a kiss as his hand coursed down the length of her body until he reached the hem of her dress, then he made his way back up, taking her dress and bunching it around her waist. "I have never wanted any woman as much as I want you." His hand slipped into the waistband of her panties, his finger deftly spreading her folds and sinking into her throbbing pussy. 
 Misty dug her nails into his biceps as his ministrations intensified, sending hot, rasping flares of pleasure outward from her core until her fingers and toes began to go numb. It had been over a year since she'd been intimate with a man—which is no doubt the reason she was having such an intense reaction to his touch. It had to be. There was no other explanation. No man could possess that kind of power over her body. It just wasn't possible.
"You're so wet," he groaned and circled her clit with his thumb. "Makes me want you even more," he said right before reclaiming her lips in a hard dominant kiss. 
She could hear how wet she was. She could hear the distinct squishy sound of his fingers plunging deep into her then slowly withdrawing only to be plunged in again, harder and deeper. That awareness would normally creep her out, but right now, with Aaron, it only served to make her wetter, needier for his touch. Her pussy began to tighten and her stomach clenched with her impending release. 
"Yeah, that's it," Aaron crooned at her ear, gently tugging on her lobe again. 
"Oh. God," she panted her breathing coming in short ragged bursts as her vision blurred and her body bucked uncontrollably beneath Aaron's strong frame. It was so intense she wasn't sure she'd survive it without passing out. Residual tremors shook her body as Aaron clung to her, keeping her tight against him, holding her until her orgasm had subsided. Then he kissed her again. It was hard, deep, and passionate and laced with so much wanted desire it scared the living daylights out of her. 
"I need…" His hands were between their bodies. She wasn't sure what he was doing, but at the distinctive sound of his zipper being undone she could hazard a guess. "God damn, Misty, I need you so bad." Aaron had one leg on the floor and the other was kneeling between her legs. His upper body was bent over her, his mouth and tongue keeping her occupied, making it impossible for her to tell him to stop—if that in fact was what she wanted to do—which it wasn't. The tearing of a foil packet…a condom? At least he's prepared, she thought. They were officially past the point of no return and surprisingly, she was okay with that. It was just sex after all. The physical joining of two bodies as they pleasured one another. It's not like she was in love with the guy or anything. That would just be plain crazy.
Aaron settled between her legs, his hard body once again covering hers, and she felt the head of his cock pressing against the opening of her pussy. A startled cry of pleasure followed by a low moan escaped her lips as her body stretched to accommodate him. 
"Fuck," he groaned low and guttural. Misty looked at his face. It was contorted in a grimace, his eyes squeezed shut, his jaw taut, and his teeth clenched. She wondered if it was a grimace of pain or pleasure. Her vagina had always been on the small side and tight. Having only been with two other men, it's not like she was accustomed to having it worked out. 
Her eyes closed when she felt him push all the way into her. Holy hell he was big! Her inner walls pulsed and throbbed around his hard cock, her clit tingled as the feel of his black curls brushing over it. Once her body acclimated to his intrusion it started to feel good, incredible even, and she rotated her hips ever so slightly. 
"Don't. Move!" Aaron growled his eyes boring into hers like daggers. 
She stared at him dumbfounded. "What?"
"So tight," he grunted then slowly began to move.
"Oh!" Misty moaned as she too began to move beneath him, meeting him thrust for thrust. 
"Christ you feel so good." He scraped his teeth along the column of her neck and she shuddered from the sensation. "You fit around my cock like a glove. So good," he repeated. 
It felt like the boat was spinning, as if caught in the force of a whirlpool. Her neck arched, her eyes closed, and her breathing so labored and shallow it made her dizzy. Aaron continued to thrust into her, hard, fast, deep, flesh slapping against flesh. He was right. It was so good. She never wanted it to end even though she could feel herself, and him, reaching their climaxes. If she thought he was large before, feeling him swell inside of her with his imminent release quickly changed her mind. It was an overload of pleasure bordering on pain and she'd never felt anything like it before. It was absolutely incredible. 
"God, Aaron, yes," she screamed before her words became nothing more than a weak chanting of his name.
With one final plunge of his cock he dropped his forehead to her shoulder, his hot breath tickling her flesh. His softening cock jerked inside of her, the remnants of his orgasm leaving his body. "I'm sorry," he mumbled against her neck. 
She chuckled. "For what?"
Aaron adjusted his weight into his arms and smiled down at her. "That wasn't my best performance. I'm usually not so quick."
Not his best performance? Was he kidding? It was pretty spectacular in her opinion. She grinned. "I guess you'll just have to show me how it's supposed to be done the next time won't you?" 
"Now?" he asked with a cocked brow.
"I don't have anywhere else to be." Oh my god, I can't believe I just said that. It was only supposed to be one time to satisfy her deprived libido, not turn into a sex marathon. Face it, girl, your libido isn't even close to being satisfied. 
Aaron pulled out of her and stood, extending his hand to help her up off the couch. "Okay, but I'm taking you to my bed this time."
Misty followed him to the sleeping quarters, both shedding what remained of their clothes along the way. A large round bed took up most of the small room, which was decorated with black and robin's egg blue bedding. 
"Come here," Aaron said reaching for her and pulling her into his arms. She willingly went to him, wrapping her arms around his neck, opening her mouth for his eager tongue, and pressing her naked body to his. He kissed her softly as he picked her up and laid her on the bed. Coming over her, he fumbled for a condom in the bedside stand and rolled it on. His forearms rested on either side of her head and he brushed the hair from her forehead. "I knew from the moment I saw you," he said peppering her lips and chin with kisses. 
"Knew what?" Misty stroked his hair, licking and nipping at his neck. 
"That I had to have you." Aaron used his thighs to spread her legs and then he slid his cock deep inside of her. Misty dug her fingernails into his shoulder blades and cried out in needy abandon. "Mine," he bit out, "you're mine!" 
"Yes!" She had no idea what she was saying yes to—the mind blowing pleasure he was giving her or that he'd just laid claim to her. Maybe it was to both. Whatever it was, she'd deal with the repercussions tomorrow. Right now she was too wrapped up in being with him, of being in his arms, and how he was making slow, steady love to her.
 
CHAPTER FIVE

Misty had her keys in her hand, mindlessly fidgeting with them as she and Aaron stood in the hallway outside of her apartment. It was close to three in the morning and their first official date was coming to an end. He'd practically begged her to spend the night on the boat with him, but she'd adamantly refused. Having sex was one thing, a cuddling sleepover was another. Then it dawned on her. She'd had sex with Aaron on their first date. Good god that was so unlike her. She had to get away from him and try to clear her mind. "Well, thanks for tonight," she said. 
He caressed her cheek with the back of his hand. She closed her eyes and leaned into his touch. "I should be thanking you," he said with a wickedly sexy smile. "It's not too late to go back to the boat you know."
She chuckled. "Thank you but I can't."
"Can I see you again?" 
Misty noticed that Aaron's mouth was getting progressively closer to hers. She nervously licked her lips. If he kissed her like he had on the boat she was going to crack and either invite him to spend the night here or go back to the boat with him. It was becoming clearer by the second just how dangerous Aaron was to her self-control. He reminded her too much of Richard in that regard and that wasn't a good thing. She cleared her throat. "My sister is staying with me for a few days and I feel bad enough leaving her alone tonight, so can I maybe call you or something?"
Aaron put his lips to hers, first in a whisper of need then in a demanding, I'm going to get what I want sort of way. He backed her up so she was pinned between the door and him. His fingers grazed over her breast and she leaned into him, moaning his name. "I'll give you one day, Misty, then you're all mine," he said releasing her and taking a step back. "Good night, beautiful." 
When he was out of sight, Misty exhaled loudly and went in to her apartment wearing a smile that could only be compared to that of a Cheshire cat. 
"Where the hell have you been?" 
"Jesus!" Misty put her hand over her racing heart. "You scared the crap out of me, Mandy." Misty tossed her purse on the couch and went into the kitchen where her sister sat at the table. "I've been out with Aaron. What're you doing up at this hour anyway?" Surely Amanda hadn't been waiting up for Misty out of concern. That just wasn't Amanda's style. 
"I couldn't sleep," Amanda said with a shrug. "So, how was it?"
Misty sat across from her sister. "He took me out on his boat. It was amazing," she said dreamily as she propped her elbow on the table and dropped her chin into her palm. 
Amanda rolled her eyes. "Did you have sex with him?"
"Mandy!" she exclaimed with a startled laugh. The more and more she talked with her sister the more evident it became that there was something seriously going on with Amanda. Her sister had never once, not even in all the time Misty had been dating Richard, asked how one of her dates had been much less inquired about her sex life. "Is everything okay with you?"
"I'm in trouble, Misty," Amanda said averting her gaze. 
"What kind of trouble?" 
"I'm pregnant."
Goose bumps erupted on Misty's arms. Amanda was pregnant? That wasn't possible. Amanda was very firm in her decision not to have children—ever. Her fiancé, Scott, had agreed. It's one of the reasons they'd clicked from the beginning. "How? I mean…" Misty shook her head. "What does Scott think?"
"He's furious."
"Well…" Misty knew she had to speak carefully. Amanda was known for her temper. "Have you two discussed your options? I mean, there are options, right? I'm sure if you give him some time he'll come around. Who knows? Maybe you'll both decide that you want this baby."
"It's not his baby," Amanda whispered. 
"What?" Misty knew she heard that wrong. Amanda loved Scott with her entire heart and soul. Amanda was faithful to a fault. What the hell had happened?
"It's not Scott's baby." Amanda returned her gaze to Misty's. "I had an affair."
Misty just sat there, mouth agape, eyes wide, and her face colored with shock. She was having trouble processing what Amanda was saying. It just wasn't possible. 
"I felt so guilty about the affair that I told Scott almost immediately after it happened. He was pissed, rightfully, but he said he was willing to work on forgiving me if I swore I'd never seen the man again. Of course I agreed. Scott is everything to me." Amanda stood and put a kettle of water on the stove to heat. She took two mugs from the cabinet and put a teabag in each. "Things were going okay," she continued, "we were doing okay. Then I found out I was pregnant."
"How do you know it's not Scott's?" Misty asked as she got up and pulled a tin from the top of the refrigerator.  It was filled with Biscotti—Misty's guilty indulgence. She hid the tin behind boxes of Ziploc baggies, tinfoil, and other miscellaneous items that didn't fit inside the cupboards. She carried it back to the table and sat.
"Scott and I haven't had sex in over six months. Why do you think I had the affair in the first place?"
"I thought you and Scott were happy."
"I thought so too, but there was a few times when we'd try to make love and he couldn't get an erection, or if he did he couldn't keep it. At first I thought it was me. So I did everything in my power to make myself more attractive to him. I had my hair styled, a manicure, pedicure, a full body wax. I even went and bought a shitload of lingerie. Nothing helped." Amanda drew a shaky breath and took the now steaming kettle from the stove. She filled both cups and carried them back to the table. She sat, her eyes downcast, her shoulders slumped. 
Misty's heart broke for her sister. She had no idea things were going so horribly for Amanda. Misty knew Scott was the center of Amanda's world and to think she'd lost him—it was unbearable. 
"When that didn't work I begged him to go see a doctor, but he refused. We fought about it constantly. Finally I just gave up. Scott withdrew from me, our friends, and our social commitments. Everything. I felt so helpless. So when another man started showing some interest in me, I caved." 
Misty wrapped her hands around her mug and brought it to her lips, taking a sip. "I'm so sorry, Amanda." She set her cup down and reached for her sister's hand. "I know we've never been close, but I'm always here for you. You know that, right?"
Amanda nodded. "I'd told Scott about the baby the day before you called from the hospital. He was furious. He yelled at me, called me a whore. When you called I looked at it as an opportunity to put some space between me and him. As I was leaving he told me not to bother coming back. Ever." She hastily wiped at her tears.
Standing, Misty went to the opposite side of the table where her sister sat and hugged her. It was an act of kindness, a gesture that neither woman had ever given to the other. "You can stay here as long as you want, Mandy."
"Really?"
"Of course." Misty smiled and returned to her seat. She opened the tin, grabbed a Biscotti, and then slid the tin down the table to Amanda. "Here. Eat something bad for you. It'll make you feel better."
Amanda laughed and took two Biscotti from the tin. "Thanks, sis."
Sis—that was a term neither of them had ever used toward each other before, at least not in an affectionate sort of way. "So, who is the father then?"
"I'd rather not say. I haven't had a chance to tell him about the baby yet. Hell, I don't even know if I should." Amanda chewed on her Biscotti. "I have a feeling he'll react worse than Scott did."
Misty yawned. It was almost four in the morning and exhaustion was setting in. "Well, whatever you decide, I'm here for you and I'll do whatever I can to help." She stood and carried her up to the sink. "Night, Mandy."
"Night," Amanda said, still sitting at the table sipping her tea. 
***
Misty kicked the covers off her and rolled over with an agitated sigh. Despite heavy eyelids and the inability to form a coherent thought she hadn't been able to fall asleep. Every time she'd close her eyes, Aaron's face would appear. His strong, masculine jaw; his dazzling baby blues; soft, kissable lips and solid arms that had felt amazing wrapped around her. And the things he'd said to her. It's like they came straight from a romance novel. "God damn, Misty, I need you so bad." "I have never wanted any woman as much as I want you." "I knew from the moment I saw you that I had to have you." "Mine! You're mine!" 
She felt a sweat bead on her forehead and her heart rate steadily increase. He'd claimed her—ferociously--while they'd been making love. Her whole body screamed at her to just accept it, but her mind was putting on the brakes. Richard had claimed her, too, when they'd first started dating, and look how that had turned out for her. Richard was the reason Misty had trouble trusting people. Richard was the reason Misty had sworn off men, and Richard was the reason she'd promised herself never to let another man claim her. Yet when Aaron had claimed her she screamed her consent. What the hell was wrong with her? 
She wasn't ready to get involved with anyone let alone a man like Aaron. There was no choice. She had to tell Aaron that she couldn't see him anymore. Amanda would be a good excuse. With everything going on in Amanda's life, Misty had to be there for her. That's what sisters did. Surely Aaron would understand and accept that wouldn't he? Of course he would. Aaron was a compassionate and thoughtful and understanding. Yes, first thing tomorrow, after she'd gotten some sleep, she'd let Aaron down easily. Finally her eyelids closed and she drifted into darkness…
"I'm talking to you, woman!" Richard hollered as he stomped through the house and up the stairs toward their bedroom.  
Misty cringed at the way his deep baritone voice echoed through the house. She knew that tone all too well and she knew it meant he was angry—with her. And when he got angry with her it never ended well for her. 
He stopped, his imposing frame blocking the doorway. "You are mine, Misty. Mine!" Richard emphatically pointed at his own chest. "That means you are not allowed to even entertain the idea of another man. You are not allowed to look at them or talk to them. Hell, you can't even think about them. Is that clear?"
She'd heard this spiel before. Richard would yell at her, threaten her, and sometimes he'd try to intimidate her with his size, but it always ended the same: Richard apologizing profusely, begging for her forgiveness, and then the two of them ending up in bed having glorious make-up sex. It was their ritual every time he came home drunk, which lately, seemed to be all the time. "Go fuck yourself, Richard."
A slow, lopsided grin pulled at the corners of his mouth. "That's what I have you for, babe."
"Not tonight you don't." She shoved a pillow and a blanket into his hands. "You can sleep in the spare room."
He let them drop to the floor. "Aw, come on, Mist, don't be like that." Richard approached and wrapped his arms around her in a bear hug.   
Misty stood ramrod straight, her back stiff, her arms hanging limp by her sides. The last thing she wanted right now was to have Richard pawing at her. His breath stunk of whiskey and cigars. The combination always made her stomach churn. "Not tonight," she said, involuntarily moaning as his lips made contact with her neck. Her body started to relax. He had that effect on her. A single touch, a single kiss, sometimes a single look could crack even her toughest resolve and have her yielding to him. 
"You taste heavenly," he said, licking the soft spot behind her ear. 
She tilted her head to the side giving him greater access when she noticed his normally dark hair was now sandy blond. What the…?
Misty forced her eyes open and was greeted by the most unforgettable pair of blue eyes.
"Good morning, beautiful," Aaron said with a sexy grin.
It took her a moment to get her bearings. She was in her own bed in her own apartment. Richard had just been a dream. But Aaron was here, lying on his side staring at her, smiling. "What're you doing here?"
"Your sister let me in." He was laying on his side, head propped in his hand, and a smile on his face that could only be described as deadly—not in the 'I'm going to hurt you' sort of way, but more of a 'I'm going to devour you' way. "Oh, she wanted me to tell you she was going for a jog to clear her head and would be back in an hour or so."
Misty knew that when Amanda went jogging that meant she was trying to make a difficult decision and after what Misty learned last night, it was no wonder Amanda was out running. She'd deal with her sister later. Right now she had to deal with the deliciously tempting man lying in her bed. "Thanks, but that still doesn't explain why you're in my bed," she said stifling a yawn. "Uninvited," she added. 
"Late night?" he asked with a cocky raise of his brow. 
She fought to hide her smile as her body responded to not only his proximity, but to the memory of their date last night. "What happened to giving me a day and letting me call you?"
He draped his free arm over her waist and pulled her to him. "Has anyone ever told you how cute you are when you sleep?"
"Aaron," she said her voice laced with impatience.
Laughing, he said, "Did I forget to mention I'm not a very patient man?"
It was her turn to laugh. Why did he have to be so damn irresistible? Telling him to back off was going to be so much harder than she had originally thought. But, she'd made up her mind and she was going to do it one way or another. "Look, Aaron, you're a terrific—" He cut her off by pressing his mouth to hers and slipping his tongue between her lips. Tucking her tightly to his body he rolled his body on top of hers, successfully pinning her beneath him. One final kiss wouldn't hurt anything would it? It was a goodbye kiss--nothing more. Yeah, right, you keep telling yourself that, girl. You know damn well this ain't no goodbye kiss. 
Aaron took both of her hands and pinned them above her head, spread her legs with his thighs, and pushed his very noticeable jean clad erection against her sex—which was covered with nothing but a thin pair of cotton panties. He deepened the kiss, his hunger for her growing with every flick of her tongue over his, and she moaned. It should be downright illegal for a man to kiss as well as Aaron did. Hell, everything about this man should be considered a Class A felony. 
"I know what you were about to say, Misty," he said keeping her firmly pinned with not only his body but his gaze. "And I'm telling you right now, don't say it."
There was so much determination and vehemence in his voice it gave her pause. "I…it's just…Amanda…”
He silenced her with another mind numbing kiss that had her moaning and wriggling beneath him, almost to the point of dry humping his crotch, which was still very erect and very firmly tucked between her bare legs. When he finally released her from that kiss she just laid there, her lips parted on a sigh, and her body craving more of him. "You just came into my life and I'm not letting you go, not without one hell of a fight anyway."
"Aaron," she half sighed half groaned his name. 
"Shh." His lips brushed over hers in a gentle caress. "Stop thinking so much, baby." He pressed a soft kiss to the corner of her mouth. "And stop fighting this." He began to kiss her neck and throat, his teeth grazing her sensitive flesh until they found her earlobe and tugged. "I know you feel it, Misty." His breath was hot against her ear. Christ at this rate she'd never be able to end things with him. "The undeniable attraction, the all-consuming need to be with me, admit it. You haven't stopped thinking about me since I saved your life."
He was right. How did he know? She refused to tell him, to give him anymore room in her heart. And she absolutely would not give him any more control over her. Last time she'd allowed a man to possess her so completely it'd nearly destroyed her. 
"I know I haven't." Adjusting his grip on her hands so that both of her wrists were clasped in one of his large hands, he used his free hand to lift her night shirt until he was able to reach her breast. His rough calloused hands sent shivers through her body and she moaned softly. "You're all I've been able to think about, Misty, especially since you made me bring you home last night." 
"Aaron, please." It was so hard to concentrate on what she wants to say when he was rolling her nipple between his fingers, making it hard and aching for more. 
"Please what?" His mouth was on hers again, erotically nipping at her bottom lip, sucking it into his mouth and then repeating the onslaught all the while tweaking her nipple. "What do you want, baby? Hmm? All you have to do is ask."
That's all it took. Her brain turned to mush and she was like melted putty in his arms. "You," she whispered writhing beneath him. "I want you."
He smiled against her lips and for a brief moment she hated herself for being so weak. Honestly, though, did it matter that she admitted her desire for him? It had been a full year since she'd been with any man and way longer than that since a man had made her feel like Aaron did. Wasn't it about time she moved on? 
"I'm all yours, beautiful," he whispered as his hand left her breast and coursed down her stomach toward her panties. Before he reached them his pager beeped. "Son of a bitch," he muttered, grabbing his pager and glaring at it. "Duty calls," he said giving her a quick kiss on the nose. "Sorry, gotta go." He stood.
Misty sighed with frustrated relief and got out of bed. "It's okay. I understand. Be safe."
Aaron pulled her into his arms and gave her a long sensual kiss. "Mmm," he said licking his bottom lip. "I'll come back as soon as I’m done."
"I probably won't be here. Mandy is taking me to get a rental car today and I have to go meet the insurance adjuster."
"All right so call me when you get home." Aaron gave her cheek a firm kiss and then left. 
Misty stared after him, her heart and mind in a tug of war over what to do about Aaron. Her heart, and right now her body, wanted him more than anything, but her mind was paralyzed with fear. She couldn't help but be terrified of allowing Aaron to lay any more claims to her. She didn't want to lose herself again and become so absorbed in him that he took full control of her life. 

CHAPTER SIX

Aaron had been calling Misty for the past eight hours and she hadn't answered once, nor had she called back. His text messages were going unanswered too. He'd gone to her apartment a few times but she hadn't been home. Over the years he'd developed a sort of sixth sense about the people he loved and he wasn't getting that feeling right now about Misty which led him to believe that she wasn't hurt, just avoiding him. His finger hesitated over the send button on his cell phone. Did he really just make reference to loving her? That wasn't possible. He'd only known her for a couple of days. 
He blew out a breath and dragged a hand through his hair. Of course it was possible. When Aaron fell in love with a woman it was immediate and intense. He was the type of man that loved with his whole heart and soul, fiercely and thoroughly and forever. It was the reason he'd only ever loved one woman. Her name was Sara and she'd stolen his heart the moment they'd met. Just like Misty had. 
Sara was the real estate agent who'd helped him buy his house. He took her to dinner the day he made an offer and every day after until the day he signed the papers. That night he asked her to move in and after she said yes they made love until the sun came up. Aaron was convinced she was the one he was going to marry and spend the rest of his life with, until four months later when she moved all of her stuff out of his house and left him a note stating she'd met someone else. After punching holes into three different walls and breaking a window he was calm enough to try and talk to her. That had been a colossal mistake. Sara had told him that she didn't want to be in a relationship with a man who was as controlling as he was. He'd been devastated and heartbroken. 
He knew he was a lot of things, but controlling wasn't one of them. Sure, he was confident and he got off on dominating women in the bedroom, but he wasn't one of those controlling men who ruled every aspect of their woman's life. As time passed, Aaron realized that it wasn't anything he had done and just an excuse Sara used to make herself feel less guilty about leaving him for another man. It had taken a long time for him to get over Sara. And once he had he swore never to fall that hard or fast for another woman ever again. He hadn't either—until two days ago when he pulled Misty from her car.
Now he was falling for her—hard. And she was avoiding him. His gut clenched at the thought of losing her before she ever really became his. No. He would not let that happen. Dialing her number again he silently prayed that she would answer and he'd be able to hear her melodious voice. It went straight to her voicemail again and he had to refrain from throwing his cell phone at the wall.
***
Misty pushed the ignore button on her phone sending Aaron's call straight to her voicemail. It was like the four dozenth time he'd called. She knew it was mean and immature to ignore him, but she didn't have it in her heart to tell him it was over. 
"Is there a particular reason you keep ignoring his calls?" Amanda asked. 
"I'm scared." Misty pushed her rigatoni around on her plate. "I've known him two days and he's already trying to claim me."
"What's wrong with that? You like him don't you?"
"Yeah, I do. I like him a lot. That's the problem."
"This is about Richard isn't it?"
Misty stood and took her plate to the sink. She dumped her food into the garbage disposal and turned it on before rinsing the plate. "Things went really bad with Richard."
"Tell me about it," Amanda said with genuine interest. 
Misty studied her sister for a moment. Amanda had opened up last night about her problems with Scott and her affair. It was only fair that Misty divulge some truth, in the spirit of sisterly bonding. She sighed, went back to the table, and sat. "In the beginning Richard was great. In my eyes he could do no wrong. The sex was incredible, but when I started working at the school things changed. He became jealous and possessive and controlling. I mean, really controlling. Every day when I came home he'd accuse me of cheating on him."
"What? Are you serious?"
"Yeah." She nodded. "Each time I'd prove him wrong, but it didn't seem to help. Then he started drinking and staying out late. When he would come home he'd pick a fight with me and call me all sorts of names."
"Did he ever hit you, Misty?" 
The concern in Amanda's voice was touching and a little weird considering she'd never seemed to care about Misty in the past. Misty shook her head. "No. He never hit me, but we'd always end up in bed and he got rough a few times." She laughed sardonically. "That's one thing that never changed. We were always good in bed."
"Is that why you left? Because of the drinking and the fighting?"
"That was part of it. Another part was that I found out he'd been having an affair with his assistant and his accountant. When I confronted him about it he laughed and told me those were just the beginning, that there were more I didn't know of. It was almost like he was bragging about it."
"How many more were there?"
Misty shrugged. "I don't know and I don't care. One was too many. It was only after I learned about the affairs that our sex life ceased to exist. I should've left then, but I didn't. I stuck around for almost a year hoping we could work things out. God, I was so stupid."
Amanda reached across the table and put her hand over Misty's in a comforting manner. "There is nothing stupid about wanting to make your marriage work."
Misty smiled weakly as tears slipped from the corners of her eyes. "I did everything I could to please him, to make him fall in love with me again. I gave up my job. I stopped going out with my friends. I became the perfect, happy little housewife he'd always wanted. None of it was good enough. He continued to drink and have his affairs while I was at home, alone and miserable." She wiped her tears and sniffled. "I tried to leave twice and both times he refused to let me, telling me I was his that I belonged to him, and then he threatened me with violence. I knew he'd never actually hurt me, but his threats scared me nonetheless."
"Oh my gosh, Misty, I had no idea he did that to you."
"Third time was the charm. I finally managed to leave him. He was furious, especially when he was served with divorce papers at work." Misty laughed. "You see? That's why I had to leave Carnegie. I couldn't stand to be in the same town as him." 
"And I gave you so much shit about it." Amanda groaned. "I'm so sorry, Misty."
"Don't, Mandy. You didn't know. It's fine."
Amanda lifted her water glass in a toast and said, "Here's to new beginnings."
Misty lifted her own glass and smiled. "And new relationships."
"Speaking of…why are you so afraid to get involved with Aaron?"
"Last night when we were making love, he said, "You're mine" and it freaked me out. Richard used to say that to me and he took over my whole life. I refuse to give any man that much control over me ever again."
"Do you really think Aaron is anything like Richard?"
"I don't know. That's the problem. I don't know anything about him." 
Amanda smiled. "Exactly. That's why you need to give him a chance."
"The timing is so bad. I mean, I'm trying to get my insurance to cover the cost of a new car, I'm trying to find a job, and with you here now, I don't want to leave you alone."
"Misty. I will be fine. Don't let me being here stop you from seeing Aaron. Besides, if you don't give him a chance someone else will. And do you really want to give up without even trying?"
Misty eyed her sister suspiciously. Why was Amanda pushing the issue? 
"What if he really is the one?" Amanda continued. "Don't let this opportunity pass you by because of something Richard did. That's not fair to Aaron and it's definitely not fair to you."
"Maybe you're right."
"Of course I am," Amanda said with her signature arrogant smile. "Now go call that man before he has a coronary."
Misty laughed and stood. She was getting ready to dial his number when there was a knock on the door. Glancing at Amanda it was clear that she had no clue who was beating on their door at nine o'clock at night. Misty slowly opened the door. 
"We need to talk," Aaron said in a no nonsense voice. 
"Yes, we do," she agreed as her gaze roamed over his body. Damn he was so sexy!
"I'll leave you two alone," Amanda said grabbing her coat and putting it on. 
"Where are you going?" Misty asked as concern for her sister's safety filled her mind. 
"To the pool. I'll be back in an hour or so." Amanda patted her sister on the shoulder, nodded at Aaron and then left. 
"Come on in," Misty said to Aaron, stepping aside and closing the door behind him. "Look, about not calling…"
Aaron pushed her up against the door and crushed his lips over hers, his tongue invading her mouth with a demanding hunger that made her knees weak. She entwined her fingers into his hair and held him to her, dueling for control of the kiss that was searing her brain, and ratcheting her desire with every flick and twist of his tongue. His hands held her waist, his fingers clutching her tightly, holding her in place. 
"Did you lie to me?" he demanded.
"What?"
"This morning. When you said you wanted me. Did you lie to me?"
"No," she said shaking her head. "No, of course not."
"Then why have you been avoiding me all day?"
She gazed up into his eyes. Normally a vibrant sea blue they were now dark and brooding. They were intriguing and dangerously sexy. "Can we please sit and talk?" Being pinned between his rock hard body and the uncompromising door made it impossible to think and try to carry on a conversation. 
"It's a simple question, Misty. Answer it and I'll let you go."
"You scare me, Aaron." 
He released his hold on her and took a few steps back, almost stumbling as if she'd slapped him. "I scare you?"
"That's not what I meant," she said reaching for him. "I mean…" What did she mean exactly? God she felt like a bumbling idiot.
"I saved your life, Misty. Why on earth would you be afraid of me?"
The look of confusion, desperation, and pain in his eyes tore at her heart. She was such an idiot sometimes. Taking his hand into hers, she looked him in the eyes and said, "You don't scare me. It's how I feel when I'm with you that scares me."
Aaron brought her hand to his lips and gave her knuckles a lingering kiss. "And how do you feel when you're with me?"
Misty smiled. "Out of control." She laughed. "Every time you touch me it's like I'm willing to give myself over to you in every way possible and that terrifies me."
"I would never hurt you," he said pulling her into his arms and kissing her forehead.
"I know. It's just, my last relationship, it was the same thing. I gave up everything for Richard and in the process I lost myself and I can see that happening with you."
"Look at me," Aaron said framing her face with his hands. "I will never ask you to give up anything for me, Misty. Never." He smiled and caressed her cheeks with his thumbs.  "All I want is a chance to get to know you. Please, don't push me away until you've given this a fair chance."
Misty stared into his beautiful blue eyes and she knew he was right. It wasn't fair for her to end something that had barely just begun. She could do this. She could get to know Aaron and if she felt like she was losing herself again then she'd end it. "Okay, but I need you to be patient with me. I'm still trying to find myself and now my sister is here and she's going through a really tough time and she needs me—"
Aaron's lips were on hers, silencing her words and frying her synapses with his kiss. For the first time since she'd met him she simply enjoyed the feel of his body, the smell of his woodsy cologne, and the warmth of his breath mingling with hers. "I told you I wasn't a patient man." He sucked on her bottom lip and she groaned. "But for you I'll make an exception."
"Come on," she said taking his hand and leading him toward her bedroom. She'd barely shut the door before Aaron spun her around so her back was against the door and tore at her clothes--first her shirt, then her bra, and finally her jeans and panties. Within seconds she was standing stark ass naked before him, his gaze hungry. Misty reached for his shirt and fumbled with it until it was heaped on her floor. God he had a fabulous chest. She appreciatively ran her hands across his chest and down his stomach until she found his zipper. Catching her bottom lip between her teeth she undid his pants and freed his cock. She was surprised to find him fully erect already. Misty wrapped her fingers around his thick shaft and gave it a firm stroke, up then down then back up again, her palm working over the head. 
He put both of his hands flat on the door above her head and looked down, watching as she stroked and rubbed his cock. Aaron sucked in a breath. "Fuck that feels good," he said claiming her lips again. He left her mouth and kissed a path down her throat stopping only once he had one of her nipples in his mouth. Licking, kissing, sucking, and biting she was awash in sensations. 
She arched her back, thrusting her tit deeper into his mouth. "Yes, god, yes, Aaron, more. Please. More."
Aaron continued down her body, landing on his knees in front of her, his kisses so hot they burned her flesh. He looked up at her through lick lashes with a sexy half smile on his face as he lifted her left leg and draped it over his shoulder. Misty sucked in a breath and held it as Aaron lowered his head and licked over her clit. His lips puckered around her swollen nub and he suckled it while working two fingers into her wet folds. Her mind exploded and a tidal wave of divine pleasure washed over her. Bright flashes of white light blinded her as her hands and nails fought to grasp the door for support. 
"Oh god, oh god, oh god!" she chanted. She loved to have her pussy licked. It was something Richard rarely did and it was something she hadn't had done to her in over five years. And now that Aaron's face was buried between her thighs, his fingers buried in her core, his tongue undulating on her clit, she remembered exactly why she liked it so much. Her hips lurched forward in a steady rhythm, dying with the need for him to finger her and lick her harder, faster, deeper. She couldn't get enough.
"You taste so good," he said, his words vibrating against her folds. That's when she lost it. As much as she wanted to hold out, to suspend the pleasure, she just couldn't. Her orgasm came hard and fast. It was fierce and she worried that her legs would give out. "Yeah, that's it, baby. Come for me, Misty. Let me taste all of you." Moments later she was grabbing handfuls of his hair and screaming his name as she showered his mouth with her release. 
He gently put her foot back on the floor. Her knees shook and she fought to catch her breath. Aaron fumbled in his jeans until he produced a condom, wasting no time slipping it over his cock, which glistened with a bead of pre-cum.  He stood, pulled her leg to his thigh, and thrust his cock into her with one push. Misty grabbed at his shoulders, her nails digging into his skin and she cried out in ecstasy. 
"Shit," he grunted thrusting in and out of her with so much force the door shook against her back. "God you're so tight."
"Kiss me," she demanded pulling his face until his tongue was in her mouth. The taste of her pussy lingered in his mouth and she kissed him deeper, devouring him, savoring how she tasted on him. It was so damn erotic.  
"You like how you taste don't ya?"
"Yes!" Misty traced his lips with her tongue. 
"I need more," Aaron growled, lifting her other leg to his thigh, and gabbing her ass. She wrapped her legs around his waist and he carried her to the bed, laying her on her back. He put her ankles on his shoulders, put his hands on the mattress on either side of her head, and fucked her with jackhammer quick thrusts making her scream. "This is so much better."
The penetration was deep, bordering on painful, but the thrill of his cockhead hitting her G-spot was fantastically glorious. "Yes! Aaron!" Her screams and moans reverberated off the walls. "I'm gonna come!"
"Fuck, yeah, god I love feeling you tighten around my cock," he said being unrelentless in his movements. 
Once again her mind exploded at the exact moment her body convulsed in orgasmic bliss. Aaron slowed his thrusts, stilling completely as she slowly came down from her peak. She let her ankles fall from his shoulders and he starting moving again. This time he was slow and steady. His mouth went back and forth between her nipples and her lips. He began to swell inside of her and she couldn't believe it when she felt her body responding in kind. A third orgasm? There was no way she could survive it.  "Aaron," she whimpered. "Not again, I can't."
He put one hand on her hip, keeping her pinned to the bed. "Yes you can," he said in a soothing voice. "Trust me, baby. Just relax. I want to feel you come with me." His voice was a low grumble against her ear. "That's it, baby. Look at me."
Misty's eyes fluttered open and met his gaze. His eyes were a dark shade of blue that stole her breath. 
"God I love being inside of you," he said steadily increasing the frequency and intensity of this pushes. "Fuck, yes, that's it baby."
Her thighs tightened around his waist as they climaxed together amidst a flurry of moans, grunts, and screams. Aaron collapsed on top of her, his face buried in her neck, and they stayed like that until they both calmed their breathing. "Wow," Misty said with a laugh after a few moments. 
Aaron laughed as he pulled out of her, but remained on top of her. He met her eyes. "You are so beautiful, you know that?"
"Thank you." Her sweaty body flushed with his compliment. "Will you spend the night with me tonight?"
He grinned. "I'll have to make a run to the drug store for more condoms."
"You're being a little presumptuous aren't you?" she asked playfully.
With a cocked brow he said, "I'd prefer to think of myself as cautious."
She laughed. "Oh really?"
"Mmm hmm." He stood and removed the condom, dropping it into the small trash can by the bed. She admired his god-like physique. Everything about him radiated strong confidence. It was so damn sexy. 
Misty rolled onto her side and propped herself on an elbow. "You still haven't answered my question."
"Of course I'll stay," he said kneeling beside the bed and giving her a gentle kiss. "But seriously, do I need to go to the store?"
"That's probably a good idea."
He flashed that same brilliant smile that had awestruck her the night of the crash and she couldn't stop herself from smiling back. "I'll be back in half an hour." Aaron stood and put his clothes back on. "Do you need anything while I'm out?"
"Only you."
"Oh, so I've been upgraded from a want to a need huh?"
Misty threw a pillow at him and he laughed. "Get out of here before I change my mind."
"Yes, ma'am," he said with a mock salute. "Do me a favor will ya?"
"What?"
"Stay naked," he said his voice dripping with authority. "I mean it, Misty."
"Yes, sir." She gave him the same mocking salute he'd given her. 
"I think you just earned yourself a spanking, Miss Bauer."
Without another word he walked out of her room and Misty was left staring after him, her mouth agape with shock. A spanking? Richard used to beg her to allow him to spank her and the idea had always repulsed her. But the thought of Aaron doing it…well, that just flat out turned her on. He better hurry up at the store, she thought. 

CHAPTER SEVEN

Aaron stood in front of the display of condoms debating whether he should get a regular pack or a value pack when he heard someone say his name. He turned and looked. "Sara?"
"I thought that was you," she said approaching him with a smile. "How have you been?"
"Never better," he said with a big smile. "And you?"
"I'm good." She nodded. 
"Where's the boyfriend?" he asked. He didn't really care, but it was rare to see Sara without James in tow. 
"We broke up."
"I'm sorry to hear that." Not really. He glanced back to the condoms and grabbed a value pack. More than ever he wanted to get back to Misty and feel her wrapped in his arms. "Well, it was good seeing you again. Take care."
"Wait," Sara said grabbing his arm. "I've been trying to call you all night. I keep getting sent to voicemail."
Aaron pulled his arm from her hold and checked his pockets for his cell phone. Shit. He must've left it at Misty's. Double shit. Sara had been calling and his phone was at Misty's. The last thing he needed was for Misty to think that he was involved with Sara, especially considering he'd just convinced Misty to give him a chance.  "What did you need?"
"I was hoping we could maybe get together for dinner or something and talk," she said caressing his upper arm. 
"There's nothing for us to talk about, Sara. You made your choice, remember?" He had no patience for this or her. All he wanted to do was get back to Misty's apartment, climb into bed with her, hold her, and make love to her. 
"I made a mistake, Aaron. Please, just one dinner so I can explain. I'll buy."
"Look, Sara, I'm sorry things didn't work out with James, but it's too late for us," he said with firm compassion. 
"Are you seeing someone?" 
"Yes, and I really have to be going." He smiled. "I mean it, Sara. Take care of yourself." Aaron turned and walked away from her before she had started to cry. Sara was famous for crying over everything, no matter how insignificant it seemed. Nothing bothered him more than a woman with tears in his eyes. Then a thought struck him—if he ever had to see Misty cry it would kill him. He had no idea why that occurred to him. He shook it off and headed toward the cash register. A small display of bundled flowers caught his attention. He chose a bouquet of red and pink carnations. Yeah, they were a bit cheesy, but it was the gesture that mattered. 
He quickly paid for his purchases and hurried back to Misty's. Amanda let him in. "She fell asleep," Amanda said with a grin. "I think you tired her out earlier."
"You heard that? I thought you were at the pool?" Aaron asked. 
"I came in at the tail end of it."
"Sorry," he said with a frown. "I forget how thin these walls can be. I'm not used to anyone else being in the house when…" He cleared his throat. 
Amanda laughed. "No worries. I usually sleep with head phones on anyway."
Aaron laughed. "Good night," he said heading toward Misty's room. Quietly opening the door he slipped inside and stripped out of his clothes. Being careful not to wake her, he slipped into bed beside her. She was on her side facing the wall. He draped his arm over her stomach and pulled her back tight against his front. She moaned a sound of approval and snuggled closer to him. He pressed his lips to her temple and gave it a kiss. 
"Took you long enough," she mumbled sleepily. 
"Sorry baby, I ran into an old friend." 
"Sara?"
He cringed. Oh, crap. This is exactly what he didn’t want to happen. "Yeah, Sara."
"Who is she?" Misty was running her fingernails up and down his arm, sending shivers through his spine and pooling in his balls. His cock jerked with anticipation. 
"She's my ex-girlfriend." He moved the hair away from her neck and kissed her warm flesh. 
"If she's an ex then why is she still calling you?" She tilted her head giving me more access to her neck. "Mmm that feels good."
Aaron smiled against her neck. "You have nothing to worry about, Misty. You're the only woman I want to be with." He found it slightly amusing that she was jealous. It meant she cared and that was more emotion than he'd gotten from her earlier.
"Tell me about her."
"There's not much to tell. She was my real estate agent. I fell in love with her and she broke my heart when she left me for another man." He cupped her breast, kneading it in his hand as he continued to kiss her neck and shoulder. His cock thickened and he was crazy with the need to be buried balls deep inside of her. 
"I'm sorry she broke your heart," she whispered. 
"I don't want to talk about Sara" His hand left her breast and found the silky slit between her legs. He applied pressure to her clit and she moaned, pushing her ass into his crotch. "I don't want to think about her. Right now I want to focus on you." He circled her clit, and then dipped a finger into her wet pussy, coating his finger with her juices before working it on her clit again. 
"Mmm."
God, the sounds of her moans drove him mad. He nipped at her ear, working his finger in and out of her pussy, around and around on her clit until her breathing was coming in fast bursts and her hips were moving against his hand. "You fit perfectly against me," he whispered as he guided her leg back so that it was draped over his and his cock slid effortlessly into her from behind. "Holy fuck." He could swear his eyes rolled into the back of his head. 
 Her pussy was hot and wet and so fucking tight he was fighting not to blow his wad already. His thrusts were slow and controlled. Having his dick buried in her had always felt incredible, but feeling her wet core wrapped around it without the barrier of a condom was indescribable. He worked his finger on her clit furiously as he fucked her. His jaw was clenched and sweat creased his brow as he concentrated on not coming.
"Aaron." She rotated her hips. "I love feeling you inside of me."
He groaned. Jesus Christ how was he supposed to stay in control when she said shit like that to him? "My cock was made for your pussy. It's a perfect fit."
"Yes, perfect. Oh, god, you're so hard."
"Baby," he said withdrawing his cock. She pushed back and he found himself still inside of her. "Please, baby, stop. I need to put on a condom."
"No!" She clutched his hand that was between her legs and forced him to keep playing with her clit. "Not yet. Please, Aaron, make me come. I'm so close."
"Damn it," he muttered. How the hell was he supposed to say no to her when she begged him like that? It was so fucking hot to hear her beg for release, to feel her take control of his hand and pleasure herself with it. His thrusts became frantic and hard. She tightened painfully around him and he knew it'd be a small miracle if he didn't come with her. The fullness of his balls, the tingling at the base of his spine, the thickening of his dick…yup, he was losing control and fast. 
"Yes! Ah, god, yes! Aaron, harder!"
That's when he felt the first of her fiery hot orgasm shower the head of his cock and he knew he was doomed. "Fuck, Misty, baby, I can't…" His body jerked and before he could stop himself, he was spilling his seed deep inside of her. "Ohhh, yeah," he said drawing out the words as they reached the peak of their orgasms and came crashing down together. "Fuck. Feels. So. Good." The words were bit out through gritted teeth. Never in his life had he come so hard. 
"Good god that was incredible," she said with a short laugh as she rolled onto her back. 
Aaron took the opportunity to slide his tongue into her mouth and savor the taste. He'd never get enough of her. "We shouldn't have done that, baby. It was careless," he said tracing her lips with his finger. 
"Relax, Aaron. I'm on the pill."
"Really?" He smiled. "You couldn't have told me that before I went to the store?"
She laughed. "Oh, I have every intention of making you use those condoms. It's always better to be safe than sorry. I just didn't want you worrying about what just happened."
"Hmm, I'm not sure I like the idea of using condoms now that I know how incredible you feel without them." Quite frankly it would suck to have to use a condom again; especially knowing she was on birth control. 
"You might be able to convince me." Misty yawned.
Aaron rolled onto his back and pulled Misty with him, tucking her by his side. She put her head on his chest and he sighed with content. There were no doubts in his mind: Misty was his. They were meant to be together and he'd do whatever it took to make her realize that. 
***
He groaned and his stomach clenched as Misty straddled him, slowly taking his cock one inch at a time. Every time he entered her it was like the first time all over again. She was so wet and so tight and he was once again unprotected. He was now all the way inside of her and she was rocking on his lap, back and forth, side to side, and around in a circular motion. God his dreams were getting more and more vivid. He could actually feel the weight of her on him, the heat of her pussy, the jerking of his cock as he prepared for his release and the feel of her breath on his neck. He could hear her soft moans and that distinct sound of his dick getting slippery with her juices. Then he felt a sharp, piercing pain on his chest. It was like a cat scratch. Her fingernails? 
His eyelids snapped open. He wasn't dreaming. Misty was naked, on top of him, riding his cock. Her head was flung back, her eyes closed, her mouth parted on a moan, and her fingers dug into his chest. What a way to wake up? Aaron grabbed her ass and spread her cheeks. He dug his heels into the mattress and held her down on his throbbing cock as he fucked her hard. His balls slapped against her ass and she screamed, throwing her upper body down on him, putting her delicious tits in his face. He caught a nipple between his teeth and gently tugged, making her scream and buck, her orgasm hard and fast showered his cock as he came deep inside of her. Holy fuck! He'd never come so fast in his life. 
"Good morning," Misty whispered against his neck. 
Aaron chuckled and hugged her. "Mmm, that was hands down the best wakeup call I've ever received." She laughed. "You realize that I'm never going to leave now, right?"
She sat up and looked at him. "You're not?"
"Not when I can stay here and get woken up like that." He grinned. 
"Who says I plan to wake you up like that every morning?" She climbed off him and he groaned from the lack of warmth her body had given him. "You're being presumptuous again."
"I'm optimistic," he said watching as she put on her bathrobe and tie it around her waist. God, she was so beautiful. Her eyes were hazy with post-coital bliss, her auburn locks were disheveled, and her face was flushed. Aaron reached for her and pulled her back onto the bed. "I was thinking we could spend the day on the boat."
Misty groaned. "I can't," she said giving his lips a soft kiss. "I have something to do with Mandy today."
"Oh, okay." He wasn't going to lie. He was really disappointed. It'd been his intention to take her to a little secluded spot he'd found a few miles away from the main shoreline and spend the day skinny dipping and making love. 
"I'm sorry. She's going through a lot right now and she needs me. How about tomorrow?"
"I have to be at the station all day tomorrow." He smiled. "It's okay. We have plenty of days to spend on the boat."
Misty smiled. "Thank you for understanding."
Aaron caressed her cheek before taking her chin into his thumb and forefinger and giving her a lingering kiss. "Anything for you, baby." He didn't realize it until he'd said it, but he meant it. He really would do anything for her. 
"I'm starving," she said touching her grumbling stomach and standing. "How do omelets sound?"
"Good. Just don't catch the stove on fire again."
Misty grabbed a pillow and threw it at him. He laughed and once she left the room he got out of bed and dressed. It had been too long since he'd felt like this—happy, carefree, excited about what the day would bring. And it was all thanks to Misty. 

CHAPTER EIGHT

Amanda sat in the waiting room nervously bouncing her leg up and down. Misty was ready to slap her. "Will you please relax? It's going to be okay," Misty said. 
"I'm having second thoughts," Amanda blurted out, her body stilling. 
Misty was shocked. Amanda had been adamant in wanting to have an abortion and now that they were at the clinic, minutes away from Amanda's appointment time, she was having second thoughts? Unbelievable. "Well," Misty said clearing her throat. "You'd better make a decision before it's too late."
"I know." Amanda covered her face with her hands and began to cry. "It's just, I thought this was the right thing to do, but now I'm wondering…right for who? Me? Scott? The baby's father?"
"Okay, come on." Misty stood and took her sister's hand. "Let's go get some fresh air." Once outside, sitting on a wrought iron bench beneath an oak tree, Misty turned to her sister. "Where is this coming from, Mandy? Two days ago you were absolutely sure this is what you wanted."
"It is. I mean it was." Amanda sighed. "I don't know. Scott has made it very clear that no matter what I do about this baby, we're finished."
Misty hugged Amanda. "I'm so sorry, sweetie. You know you can stay with me for as long as you need."
"Thank you." Amanda sniffled. "Will you go to Arizona with me to get my stuff from Scott's place?"
"Of course. Just let me know when you're ready."
"Now. I want to go now," Amanda said her voice a bit frantic.
"Now? You can't be serious. What about your appointment?"
"I can't do it, Misty. I can't kill my baby." Amanda was in full blown tears now and it was becoming increasingly difficult to understand what she was saying. 
"Take a deep breath, Mandy and calm down."
Amanda took several deep breaths until her sobbing had subsided. "I thought it was the right thing to do, but now that I'm here, I just can't go through with it. There's a baby growing inside of me. It's a part of me and I can't…" Her words trailed off into soft sobs. 
Misty sat with her arm around her sister and let her get it all out. Misty couldn't imagine what her sister was going through—to have lost the love of her life, to find out she was pregnant with another man's baby, and to be facing the prospect of being a single mom. It was scary. 
"Sorry," Amanda mumbled. 
"Don't be sorry; be happy that you figured this out before it was too late."
Amanda laughed. "Thank you, Misty. I really don't know what I'd do without you right now."
Misty smiled and stood. "Well, we'd better get going if we're going to make it to Arizona tonight."
"All right, I'm just going to let them know I've changed my mind," Amanda said. 
Misty used the opportunity to call Aaron and let him know she'd be out of town for a day or two. She was smart enough to know that it wouldn't be a quick trip. Surely Amanda would try to talk to Scott again, and Misty would have to pay her mother a visit. She just hoped she could make it there and back without running into Richard. While waiting for Aaron to answer his phone Misty had seriously considered asking him to go with her, but she knew he had to be at the station tomorrow and she wasn't sure she was ready to introduce him to her family just yet. They'd only been seeing each other for a few days and she refused to rush things. 
"Hey, beautiful," he said causing her to smile. "Miss me already?"
She laughed and refrained from admitting that she did miss him. "Something has come up, Aaron and I have to take Mandy to Arizona. We're leaving within the hour."
"Is everything all right?" he asked his voice laced with concern.
"As right as they can be considering the circumstances," she said with a sigh.
"I don't know what that means."
"I know. I promise I'll explain everything when I get back."
"Which will be when, exactly?" he asked.
"Two days, maybe three."
"That long?" he teased with a chuckle. "Promise me you'll be safe."
"Of course I will. And I'll call as soon as I get there." Misty was beyond pleased with his response. He not only understood, but he was genuinely concerned about her safety and he was eager to have her return as soon as possible. She said goodbye and disconnected the call as Amanda returned. They went home, packed an overnight bag, and headed toward Arizona. Amanda rested her head on the window and fell asleep before they got on the highway, leaving Misty alone with her thoughts. She couldn't believe how much had changed for her within the last month. She'd gotten away from Richard and all the shit he did to her, she had her own place for the first time ever, her relationship with her sister was better than it had ever been, and she'd found the most amazing man who was clearly just as into her as she was into him. Aaron Price. He was a godsend. Strong, sexy, confident, caring, and man did he know how to treat a woman in bed. God, she missed him already. 
Despite her best intentions to take things slow and guard her heart, she was falling for Aaron. Every waking moment she wasn't with him, she was thinking about him and wishing she were with him. Of course, she'd felt the same way about Richard in the beginning. Slowly that had faded into hatred. She didn't want that to happen with Aaron. She didn't want to grow to hate him as she had Richard. Then again, Aaron was nothing like Richard. Maybe things with Aaron would be different. She really hoped so because she really liked him. And as much as she was loathe to admit it, she was falling in love with him. She must be crazy—falling in love with a man she hasn't even known a week. Sure, they were having fun and the sex was incredible, but there was no way Aaron shared her delusional feelings of love. She was setting herself up for heartbreak. 
"I have to pee," Amanda said disrupting Misty's thoughts.
Misty laughed. "I'll pull over at the next rest stop. Feeling better?"
"Yeah." Amanda yawned and stretched. "How long have you been driving?"
"A couple of hours. We should be there soon. Do you want to go straight to Scott's?"
"No, let's go to Mom's first then I'll call Scott to let him know I'm coming."
"Okay," Misty said pulling off the highway and into the rest stop parking lot. They both used the restroom, grabbed a bite to eat, and then they were back on the road within twenty minutes. "Are you going to tell the baby's father?" She hadn't meant to be so blunt, but it'd been weighing on her mind. Amanda obviously knew who the father was. He had a right to know and Amanda had a right to get support from him--if not emotional then definitely financial. It wasn't fair that Amanda had to go through this all alone when he got off so easily.
"I called him this morning and told him I needed to talk to him. He's going to pick me up at Mom's tonight," Amanda said staring out the window.
"That's good, Mandy."
She nodded. "I figure I can tell him tonight and then tomorrow I can get my stuff from Scott's."
"What're you going to do if this guy decides he wants to have a relationship with you and raise the baby together?" Misty asked glancing at her sister.
Amanda laughed. "Trust me, that won't happen."
They drove the rest of the way in silence. Misty had a bad feeling Amanda wasn't telling her everything. How could Amanda be so sure the baby's father wouldn't want anything to do with them once he learned the truth? For her sister's sake, Misty hoped that this guy would do the right thing. Time will tell, she thought. 
Arriving at their Mom's house just past seven, Misty and Amanda were greeted with hugs and the smell of homemade beef stew and garlic biscuits. Misty's stomach growled. "Smells great, Mom," she said. 
"Well come on in and help yourselves," she said ushering them into the kitchen. "It's so great to see you girls getting along."
"Mom," Amanda said as she filled her bowl with stew. "This isn't purely a social visit. There's something I have to tell you." Amanda sat and put a spoonful of food into her mouth. 
Misty helped herself to a large bowl and then took a seat beside her sister. Their mom, Bev, could go either way when she learned the truth. Bev was known to be impulsive and her moods as unpredictable as the ocean. Misty prayed that she wouldn't overreact. 
"Well, get on with it then," Bev said. 
"I'm pregnant, Mom."
Bev giggled and clapped her hands. "I'm going to be a grandma? It's about time one of y'all did it."
"Let me finish," Amanda said with a sigh. "It's not Scott's baby. I had an affair and he kicked me out. I’m staying with Misty for a while."
Bev just stared back and forth between them. "Misty leaves her husband for no apparent reason and you go and get knocked up by some stranger? I thought I raised you two better than that." She pounded her palms on the table before getting up and walking out of the room. 
"Well that went better than I thought," Amanda said after a few moments. 
Misty laughed. "She'll come around. She always does. Just give her some time, Mandy."
Amanda sighed. "I really don't know if I care. I've got too much else to worry about right now."
Misty knew Amanda was just putting up a brave front. Amanda had always been close to their mother and that Bev's support and approval meant the world to Amanda. Misty would try to talk to Mom later when Amanda was out; try to get Mom to understand what Amanda was going through. She didn't know if it would do any good, but she had to try. Maybe while she was at it she could explain why she'd left Richard and the hell he'd put her through. The doorbell chimed. "I'll get it," Misty said standing. She went to the door, swung it open, and came face to face with the one person she never wanted to see again. "Richard?"
"Hello, Misty," he said with cool indifference.
"What the hell are you doing here? You know you're not welcome," she said her voice full of anger and hatred.
"I'm here for Mandy."
Misty felt as if she'd been sucker punched in the gut. "Excuse me?" She must've misheard him. There was no way Richard was here for Mandy because that meant…
"I said I'm here for Mandy," he repeated. 
"Mandy!" Misty shouted her voice wavering a bit. She took several deep calming breaths that only served to make her angrier. 
"What the hell are you doing here, Richard?" Amanda said her eyes wide with shock. 
"You called and asked me if I would pick you up because you had something important to tell me," Richard said. 
Misty knew that tone. Richard was getting annoyed. She didn't care. She was too pissed. "Him?" she said to Amanda while pointing at Richard. "He's the—"
"Please!" Amanda said cutting Misty off. "Please don't say anything. I swear I was going to tell you after I talked to him. I swear I was." Amanda was crying. 
"I cannot believe you, Mandy!" 
"Someone care to tell me what the hell is going on?" Richard said. 
With rage in her eyes she glared first at Richard then at her sister. She'd never felt so betrayed in her life. All this time Misty had been feeling sorry for Amanda. Misty had offered her a place to stay, support, friendship, and love and this is how she's repaid? By learning that the man Amanda had been having an affair with, the man whose baby she was carrying, was Misty's ex-husband? She drew a shaky breath. "You two deserve each other," she said before looking at Amanda pointedly. "And you can find a new place to stay. I'm out of here."
Misty pushed past Richard and ran to her car as tears streaked her face. She could hear Amanda shouting after her, but she didn't care. All Misty wanted to do was get home and find Aaron. She wanted him to hold her, make love to her, and tell her it was going to be okay. She needed him now more than ever. Her hands shook uncontrollably as she put the car in gear and backed out of the driveway. For a moment she wondered if she'd be able to make it home safely. 
Of all the rotten things for Amanda to do, sleeping with Richard was the lowest of the low. Amanda had something wonderful with Scott and she threw that away for Richard? What the hell was wrong with her? No wonder Amanda was so sure that the father wouldn't step up and do the right thing. Richard hated children. Misty slowed the car, wondering if she should go back. Richard would not be kind to Amanda. Then again, Amanda had brought this all on herself and it wasn't Misty's problem. Nope. Amanda was on her own from here on out. 

CHAPTER NINE

Misty was physically and emotionally drained by the time she made it home. She'd called Aaron's cell phone a few times and it had gone to voicemail. Finally, the fourth time she called, it went through. But the person who answered the phone wasn't Aaron. It was a woman. "Hello? Who is this?" Misty said impatiently.
"This is Sara. Who is this?" 
Sara? As in Aaron's ex-girlfriend, Sara? What was she doing answering his phone? "Where's Aaron?"
"Who is this?" Sara asked for a second time.
"Aaron's girlfriend," she said with irritation. "Now, tell me, where is Aaron and why do you have his phone?" Before Sara had a chance to respond there was a knock on Misty's door. She opened it to find Mr. Terrell on the other side. 
"Misty, I'm so glad to find you at home. Aaron's been in an accident. He's in the hospital and he's been asking for you," Mr. Terrell said. 
Aaron had been in an accident? Christ could this night get any worse? "Is he okay?" Misty hung up on Sara, grabbed her keys from the counter, and followed Mr. Terrell to the parking lot. 
"He's got a fractured rib, his leg is burnt, and he's badly bruised, but he'll be okay." Mr. Terrell stopped by his car. "I'll drive you if you want. You look pretty shaken up."
"Thank you, Mr. Terrell," Misty said getting into the passenger's seat. Her head was throbbing and her nerves were frayed. She'd been gone less than twelve hours and in that time she'd found out her sister was pregnant with her ex-husband’s baby, her boyfriend was in the hospital, and his ex-girlfriend had his phone. She wanted to rewind the day back to when she was in bed with Aaron and agree to spend the day on the boat with him instead of going with her backstabbing, liar of a sister.
"Please, call me James," he said with a smile. "You are dating my son after all."
Misty smiled. Yes. She was dating his son. At least she hoped she was. She didn't know what the hell was going on now that Sara was back in the picture. Misty remained silent for the short drive to the hospital and as she followed James up to Aaron's room, where she found him sleeping. A gorgeous woman with silky black hair and siren red lips sat beside Aaron's bed, holding his hand in hers. Misty's heart rate spiked and something inside of her snapped. There was no way that bitch was getting Aaron. Sara had had her chance and she'd blown it. Misty would be damned if she was going to let Sara weasel her way back into his life. Aaron was hers. She loudly cleared her throat and the woman looked up. "You must be Sara," Misty said entering the room with confidence. 
"Yes, and you are?" Sara asked standing.
"I'm Aaron's girlfriend. Misty Bauer."
"Huh, he's never mentioned you." 
Misty gritted her teeth. "That's probably because he has no reason to speak to you anymore." Sara smiled sardonically and Misty had to stop herself from slapping the woman. God, what had gotten into her tonight? Yesterday Misty was determined to take things with Aaron slow, to just see him casually and now she was ready to fight this woman for him. 
"Sara," James said from the doorway. "Don't be causing trouble. I'm going to go check in with his doctor and it might be a good idea for you to be gone when I return."
Misty could hear the animosity between them, the tension palpable. She wondered what that was all about.
"He's being released tomorrow to my care," Sara said. 
"The hell he is," Misty nearly shouted. 
"What do you mean he's being released to your care?" James asked. 
"I mean he's being released and I'm taking him to my home to care for him," Sara said. 
"Okay, that's enough!" Misty ran a shaky hand through her hair and blew out a breath. "I have had one hell of a night and I'm in no mood to have a pissing match with you." Misty walked over to Aaron's bed and placed a hand on his arm. "You are not taking him to your home. You are not going to care for him, and you most certainly are not going to stand here and act like you’re his goddamned girlfriend."
"Misty?" Aaron's voice was low and hoarse. 
"I'm here," Misty said looking down at him with a smile. 
He slowly took her hand and brought it to his lips giving it a soft kiss. "I hope you didn't cut your trip short because of me."
Tears pooled in the corners of her eyes. Even lying in a hospital bed he was still concerned for her. "No," she whispered shaking her head. 
"Good." Aaron smiled then winced slightly. "Now come here." Misty leaned over and Aaron slid his hand into her hair, bringing her mouth to his. The moment their lips touched her tears fell. She couldn't stop them. Everything that had happened came crashing down on her. "Baby, why are you crying?"
Misty straightened and wiped her face. "It's just been a rough day is all." The last thing she wanted to do was burden him with her problems right now. 
"Aaron, darling, I'm so glad you're awake," Sara said standing on the other side of his bed opposite from Misty.  
"Sara? What're you doing here?" Aaron asked.
"Lucinda called me when the ambulance brought you in. The doctors have agreed to release you into my care tomorrow," she said with a bright smile. 
"Why would they do that?" he asked pushing the button on his bed that brought him to an upright position. 
"Because I asked them to," she said. 
"Sara, we've been through this. You made your choice and now you have to live with it. The only person I'm leaving this hospital with is Misty," Aaron said. 
Misty didn't try to hide her smile. Aaron wanted to go home with her, not Sara. That was the best news she'd heard all day. In that exact moment she realized just how much she needed and wanted Aaron. No more trying to take things slow, no more fears about him turning into Richard. From this point on, Misty was in it with her whole heart. 
"Well, fine then," Sara said sticking out her chin defiantly as she smoothed her skirt. "If that's what you want then I'll be on my way. You have my number should you change your mind." Sara gave him a kiss on the forehead before leaving the room with a dirty look thrown in Misty's direction. 
"I'll leave you two alone for a few moments," James said as he too left the room.  
Misty pulled the chair closer to Aaron's bed and sat. "What happened?" she asked. 
"We answered a call for a burning house with survivors trapped inside. I went in one last time to make sure we'd gotten everyone when a portion of the ceiling collapsed on top of me, pinning my leg. If I hadn't shielded myself with my arms it would've been a lot worse."
"I’m so glad you're okay," she said as fresh tears coursed down her face. "I couldn't stand it if something happened to you."
"Hey, shh, it's okay," he said softly. "Come on, lay down with me."
Misty shook her head. "No, I don't want to hurt you."
"You won't. You can lie on my good side." He smiled.
Misty climbed into the bed. She settled gently beside him, her head on his shoulder blade and his arm around her. "Thank you, Aaron," she whispered on a hitched breath. "I needed this. I needed to feel your arms around me."
"You never have to thank me for holding you, baby." He kissed her forehead. "Want to tell me what happened today?"
"No, not yet, I just want to lay here with you."
"That's fine with me," he said before they both drifted off to sleep. 
***
Aaron awoke the next morning when the nurse came in with his breakfast tray. Misty was still tucked by his side, snoring softly.  The nurse gave him a disapproving frown, but he ignored it. No one was going to make him feel guilty for having the woman he loved sleep by his side while he was hospitalized. He closed his eyes and sighed. When he'd been pinned in that house, the only thing that had been on his mind was Misty and how he didn't have nearly enough time with her, and that he never had a chance to tell her that he loved her. Well, he wasn't going to waste any more time. He was going to tell her tonight. And if she freaked out and told him it was too soon then so be it. At least she'd know the truth. Maybe he'd get lucky and she'd tell him that she felt the same. He doubted it, but he could hope. 
"How're you feeling?" Misty asked turning her head to look at him. 
"I’m a little sore, but it's manageable. What about you?"
"I'm stiff. These beds are not very comfortable and they are definitely not made for two people," she said. 
Aaron laughed. "Well tonight we can sleep in your bed. Or mine, whichever you prefer."
"Always so presumptuous," she said lightly resting her hand over his heart. 
"I’m accommodating," he said and she laughed. "God, I love your laugh."
"It's up to you where you want to stay. You are the injured one here."
He cocked a brow. "Are you going to be my personal nurse?"
"Mmm hmm." She adjusted her body so that her face was inches from his, her mouth within kissing distance. 
"Are you going to cater to my every desire?"
"Absolutely," she said pressing her mouth to his. 
He groaned at the feel of her tongue in his mouth. It'd been less than a day since he'd last kissed her like this, but it felt like it'd been an eternity. Every second away from her felt like a lifetime. His hand found her breast and massaged it through her shirt. Her nipple hardened to his touch and he fumbled to get his hand on her bare flesh. "I've missed you," he whispered against her lips. 
"I've missed you, too," she said dipping her hand beneath the thin sheet and cupping his balls. 
His cock jerked in response. "Misty," he moaned lifting his hips and thrusting his cock further into her hand. Her fingers curled around his shaft and she gave it a slow, firm stroke up then down. "Fuck that feels so good."
"I want you, Aaron." Misty flung her leg over his waist and straddled him, keeping her weight in her legs and off of him. "I want to feel you inside of me." She pressed her crotch into his and began to rub herself on his erection.
"It is so hot to hear you talk like that." He lay still, allowing her to dry hump him, until they were both breathing hard. She had arrived last night wearing a skirt so the only barrier between him and her were her panties. He could feel how wet she was getting and that only made his dick harder. Reaching around with his good hand, he pulled her panties to the side and slid his aching cock into her pussy. 
She moaned long and low, her gaze locking with his. "We shouldn't be doing this here," she said as she began to move on him. "What if we get caught?" 
"The thrill of getting caught," he said tugging on her bottom lip "is half the fun." Her hips rotated in a circular motion, grinding all the way down on him, and he felt her pussy tighten around him as his cock swelled in response.  "I don't think it's going to be…oh, fuck, yeah, just like that baby. Fuck my cock just like that."
"Aaron."
He'd learned that when she said his name like that, in that seductive breathy tone, that she was going to come. She tightened painfully around him, holding his cock deep inside of her, as she reached the peak of her orgasm. He noticed she was biting the pillow to stop from screaming and he smiled with satisfaction seconds before he shot his release deep into her core. Her pussy spasmed, milking his cock for everything he had and he couldn't stop himself from crying out in pleasure. Misty covered his mouth and swallowed his cries with a hard kiss. "God you're incredible," he said. 
"You're not so bad yourself," she teased. 
"Not so bad?" He laughed. 
Misty gave him another kiss before climbing off him and adjusting her clothes. "Okay, so you're pretty incredible, too."
"That's more like it."
She smiled. "I’m going to go home, shower and change and check my messages. I'll be back in an hour to take you home?"
Aaron grabbed her hand and pulled her down so she was sitting on the edge of the bed. "Let's stay on the boat for a few days," he said grazing his thumb across her knuckles. "We'll take it out and go nowhere specific. We can enjoy the solitude, just you and me."
"You're not in any shape to be operating a boat," she said.
"I don't have to operate it. I have a crew for that." He wasn't going to let her say no this time. 
"And what about your injuries? You can't just disappear for a few days without access to medical help if you need it."
"I'll hire a nurse to go with us," he said with determination. "Please, Misty. I want you all to myself for a few days. Besides, the fresh air will do me good."
Misty smiled then nodded. "Okay."
"Really?" He hadn't expected her to agree so easily. 
"Yeah," she said with a laugh. "I'll pack some stuff while I’m at home and we can leave right from here after you're discharged."
"Perfect." He gave her a kiss and watched her leave. The idea of spending a few days on the boat with her, uninterrupted, was fantastic. They could make love whenever they wanted. They could sleep whenever they wanted. And most importantly, he could finally tell her that he loved her. 

CHAPTER TEN

Misty lay in a lounge chair on the upper deck of Aaron's boat. The setting sun was still warm, the water was calm, the air was breezy, and she was in heaven. She and Aaron had been on the boat since yesterday afternoon when he'd been released from the hospital. They'd spent most of last night making love until they were both too physically exhausted to continue. Then Aaron had just held her and listened as she told him all about her sister and Richard. He suggested that she take a few days to calm down then talk to Amanda. Misty had refused. There was nothing for her to say. She shook the angry thoughts from her mind. She would not let the situation with her sister ruin her time with Aaron. 
All morning and most of their afternoon had been spent sleeping. It wasn't until four o'clock when they finally dragged themselves out of bed, ate, and then showered. Aaron, who had been true to his word, was now getting checked out by the nurse he'd hired. His bruises were quickly fading and his burn was healing as it should. He claimed his rib was just fine, too, but there had been a few times Misty had caught him wincing in pain. So long as he was healing that's all that mattered. 
She stood and went to the railing, lightly gripping it and looking over the side. The water looked as peaceful as she felt. Aaron said that tomorrow he was going to take her to a secluded spot where they could swim and picnic. He said there was a small waterfall there too. She was really looking forward to that. Misty closed her eyes and let the warm evening breeze caress her face. She wondered if this is what it would always be like with Aaron. 
"Hey, beautiful," he said coming up behind her and wrapping his arms around her stomach. "What're you doing?"
"Just watching the water, it's so calm and peaceful," she said leaning back against his solid chest. "So, what did the nurse say?"
He nuzzled her neck, kissing the sensitive spot right behind her ear and she smiled. "I'm perfectly fine," he said nibbling on her earlobe. "But I'm still going to need round the clock care."
Misty laughed. "It's gonna cost you." She tilted her head to the side and savored the feel of his hot breath on her neck. 
"Oh yeah?" Aaron gathered her hair in his hands and brushed his lips across the nape of her neck. "What exactly is it going to cost me?"
"I don't know," she said playfully, her eyes closing of their own volition. "That feels good." God she loved it when he kissed her neck. 
"How about this for starters?" he whispered slipping his hand down the front of her bikini.
She sucked in a breath when his finger quickly and expertly found her clit and began to circle it with just the right amount of pressure and speed to have her writhing against his hand. "That's good," she whimpered. It never ceased to amaze her how attuned he was to her body, how he could make her beg for release so damn fast. 
"And this," he said his voice husky. 
Misty heard the sound of his zipper and her pussy tensed with the knowledge that very soon she'd have his cock buried inside of her.  She was beginning to crave these moments, live for them, for the times she spent connected with him in the most primal way. His cock was poking her now, rubbing along the crack of her ass, and she pushed back, desperate to feel more of him. 
"Do you trust me?" he asked. 
"Yes, of course I do." That was an odd question to ask right now, she thought. 
"Good." He removed his hand from between her legs and she groaned in protest. "I want you to hold on to the railing and don’t let go, okay?" She nodded. Aaron pulled down her bikini bottoms, guiding her right foot then her left. He slowly kissed his way up her legs, stopping between her thighs long enough to tease her with his tongue before once again standing behind her. Lifting her right leg he propped it on the bottom rung of the railing and entered her with a hard thrust. 
Misty screamed and clung to the railing so tight her knuckles turned white. Aaron put one arm around her stomach and put the other between her legs; his fingers finding that sweet spot on her clit again. The urge to grab his hand and push it harder on her clit was strong, but he'd told her not to let go of the railing and she wanted to obey him and please him. She'd never wanted to give up control before--Even all the years she'd spent with Richard she'd always been in control of their sexual relationship. But with Aaron, she found relinquishing control to be fun and erotic. It was a turn on to have him take control and pleasure her until she was mindless.
"You're so wet, Misty. Do you like this?" he crooned at her ear. 
"Yes, yes," she said nodding her head and moaning. 
"I like it too, baby. I like feeling your pussy wrapped around my cock, feeling you squeeze me as you come, milking me until my knees are weak." 
His words were so raw and dirty. She should be embarrassed by them, but it only served to make her hornier, if that were possible. "Oh, god, Aaron." Her body was on sensory overload. "I can't take anymore."
"So come, Misty. Right now, just let go. Give it to me, baby. Let me feel you come on my cock."
He pounded her harder and she screamed as her orgasm crashed through her body. Her knees were wobbly and her arms were shaking. She continued to hold onto the railing as Aaron jerked and shuddered behind her, his release a welcome intrusion of her body. He showered her shoulders with soft kisses as he pulled out of her and set her leg back down on the floor. Her body was damp with sweat, the light breeze making her shiver. "I could go for a hot shower right about now. Want to join me?"
"That's a tempting offer, but you go ahead. I'll be waiting for you when you get out."
Misty turned around and looked at him. "What're you up to?"
He grinned. "Nothing."
"Okay," she said not believing him, but going along with it anyway. Giving him a quick kiss she made her way toward the cabin and the shower. The smile never left her face as she stood beneath the hot water, warming her from the outside in. Wrapping a large, fluffy towel around her body, she stepped out of the shower and into the bedroom. She was greeted with dozens of lit candles and Aaron lying on the bed in nothing but a pair of silk boxers. She took a moment to admire the planes of his chest and stomach, his well-defined abs, and strong powerful legs. 
Aaron crooked a finger at her. "Come here," he said. Misty went to him and lay down beside him. He rolled onto his side and propped himself on an elbow. "Feel better?"
"Yes." She could tell by the look on his face that something was up. "What's going on, Aaron?"
"My father called earlier. My sister is coming for a visit and she asked to see me specifically, which she has never done before and it's really bothering Dad. So we have to head back tonight. I'm sorry." 
She placed her hand on his cheek. "You have nothing to be sorry about."
"I know, but I was really looking forward to spending the day with you tomorrow."
"So was I, but we've got plenty of other days to spend on this boat, right?"
Aaron laughed. "Yes, I guess you're right." He leaned over and gave her a passion filled kiss that left her lips tingling. "There's something I want to tell you."
"Okay, so tell me." Something in the tone of his voice and his demeanor gave her pause. He was acting strange. Then a horrible thought took root in her mind. What if he was going to tell her that he didn’t want to see her anymore? She could feel her heart rate increase and the color drain from her face. That was the absolute last thing she could handle hearing right now. 
"I love you, Misty."
She stared at him, stunned. He loved her? No, there was no way in hell he'd just said that. It wasn't possible. 
"I know we haven't known each other that long and I probably sound crazy to you, but I'm not going to deny it. I. Love. You."
Her brain was screaming at her to say it back, but her voice failed her. She swallowed the lump in her throat. 
"Damn it," Aaron muttered running a hand through his hair. "I knew it was too soon. I shouldn't have said it. I'm sorry, Misty, I didn't mean to—"
She silenced him with several short kisses. "Say it again."
Aaron smiled. "I love you, Misty Bauer."
"I love you, too, Aaron."
"You do?"
The look of utter shock and disbelief on his face made her laugh. "Don't sound so surprised."
"Well, I am. I didn't expect it, especially after you told me that things had to slow down."
Misty snuggled closer to him. "That was before I learned the truth about Richard and Mandy and before I saw Sara in your hospital room trying to whisk you away to her house so she could play nurse with you."
"Are you jealous of Sara?" he teased. 
"Will you think less of me if I say yes?"
He laughed. "Absolutely not, and I assure you, you have nothing to worry about, baby. You're the woman I love, not her."
That was just one more thing she loved about him—he always knew the right thing to say at the exact right time. His constant assurances made her feel better, they made her feel secure and that was something she hadn't felt in a really long time. 
"I would spend every second of every day with you if you'd let me," he said with a laugh. 
"Well," she said putting her finger to his lips. "Maybe someday we can arrange that."

CHAPTER ELEVEN

After a reluctant goodbye, Misty left Aaron at the marina and headed back to her apartment with the promise that they would get together first thing tomorrow morning. It was going to be a long night without him by her side, especially after the last three nights of their intense love making marathons. The rest would do her good though. She unlocked her apartment and walked inside. Amanda was sitting on the couch and Misty's good mood vanished. "What the hell are you doing here?" Misty asked, dropping her overnight bag on the floor.
"I want to talk to you, Misty. You took off and never gave me a chance to explain," Amanda said. 
"There's nothing to explain. You cheated on your fiancée with my husband and got knocked up." Misty knew she was being a bitch, but didn't she have a right? She went to the refrigerator and grabbed a bottle of water. 
"I didn't sleep with Richard until after you'd left him."
"So that makes it okay?" Misty twisted the top off the water and took a long drink. 
"No, of course not, but you have to know that I would never do something like that to you."
Misty shook her head in disbelief. "You know my divorce wasn't final until the day I left Carnegie. You were clearly sleeping with him while I was still legally married to him."
"Technically, yes, but you two weren't together, Misty. You didn't love him."
"Why Richard? Huh, Mandy? Of all the guys you could've had, why Richard?"
"I didn't mean for it to happen. It was only once. I ran into him at the bar. He was upset that you left him and I was listening to him complain. I swear I was just trying to be nice, but then one thing led to another and we ended up back at his place."
It was obvious that Amanda wasn't going to apologize, that she'd come here to make excuses, and beg for forgiveness. "So what did he say when you told him you were pregnant?"
"At first he denied it was his then he told me if I wanted to take care of it, he'd front me the cash. When I told him I wasn't going to do that, he made it clear that he'd sign off on all his parental rights because he doesn't want anything to do with me or the baby." 
Misty watched Amanda's bottom lip tremble as tears coursed down her cheeks and Misty felt pity for her sister. Amanda truly was all alone in this situation. Richard had bailed, that was no surprise. Scott had left her, couldn't really blame him. And their mother wasn't being supportive in the least, that wasn't a surprise either. Misty sighed. Sure she was angry, but it wasn't nearly as strong as she thought it should be or as it had been the night she'd found out the truth. The damage had been done. What was the point of harboring so much hatred? Misty had a good life now. She had Aaron and she was happy. 
"I'm sorry, Misty. I never meant to hurt you. Last week was fun. For the first time in my life I felt like I had a real sister. The thought of losing that now…"
Misty walked over and hugged her sister. Amanda put her face in Misty's shoulder and sobbed. "It's going to be okay, Mandy. You are still welcome to stay here for as long as you need."
"Why are you being so nice to me? I don't deserve it."
"No, you don't." Misty laughed and held her sister out at arm's length. "But you're my sister and that's more important than any man, especially someone like Richard."
Amanda chuckled and wiped her tears. "God he really is a dick isn't he?"
"Yes," Misty said. There was a loud knock on the door, startling her. She wasn't expecting anyone until tomorrow morning. She answered the door and was greeted by Aaron grabbing her around the waist and kissing her deeply. There was no hesitation on her part. She eagerly kissed him back, going pliant in his arms, giving all of herself to him. When he finally released her she said, "Is it tomorrow morning already?"
Aaron smiled. "Did you really believe I was going to go all night without you?"
"What about your sister? I thought you had to go see her," Misty said closing the door behind him. 
"I already did," Aaron said stopping mid-step. "Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize you had company."
"It's okay." Misty put her arm around his waist and smiled at him. "Everything is fine now."
"Glad to hear it." He smiled at Amanda. "Good to see you again."
"Hey, Aaron." Amanda smiled. "I'll leave you two alone." She excused herself and left the room. 
"So, what's up with her?" Aaron asked pulling Misty around to his front and hugging her. 
"Richard reacted exactly like I expected him to and Mandy is on her own again. She apologized and I told her she could stay here."
"I'm proud of you, Misty. I know how hurt you were over this."
"She's my sister. I can't turn my back on her. Besides, it's because of you that I was able to forgive her so easily."
"Me?"
"Yeah." Misty nodded. "Knowing I have you in my life, knowing that you love me, it makes everything else seem not so important. I truly hope that Mandy can find someone who'll love her and her baby."
"Have I told you before how amazing you are?"
"No. Never."
Aaron cupped her face in his hands. "God I love you so much," he whispered before sliding his tongue between her lips and into her mouth. 
Hearing those words again put a smile on her face. She'd never tire of hearing them and she really hoped he would never tire of saying them. "What about your sister? Is everything okay?"
"Yes. Apparently she had a cancer scare recently and now has a new outlook on life. She wants to bury the hatchet and start over."
"That's good right?"
"Yeah, that's good. But what's better is that I have you."
"And what do you plan to do with me now that you have me?" 
"Love you forever," he said seriously, with no hint of teasing or playfulness in his voice. 
Misty's breath caught in her throat. He'd said forever. She wanted forever with him and she was determined that if he asked for it she would give it to him, no questions asked. She took his hand and led him to her room. "Stay with me tonight?"
"I'll stay with you every night, baby. All you have to do is ask."

About the Author
After earning a master’s degree in secondary education from UNC, Elizabeth Nelson worked abroad teaching English, bar-tended at late night clubs in Chicago, and continues various philanthropy projects that focus on empowering women. But her love of writing never changed.


If you enjoyed Cautious, then you’re going to love my book Trinity.
Running from her past. Infatuated with her boss. Risking it all. A one night stand.
Trinity Collins knew she shouldn’t have crossed the line with her boss, but she did and now she has to face whatever the future brings, even while fighting the demons of her past. She’s surprised how persistent he is and has to constantly fend off his advances for more of what she truly wants—another night with him. But she knows juggling a personal relationship with a business relationship is more work than she needs right now.
Now that she’s pregnant with her boss’ baby. When Laszlo finds out, it’s all he can do to stay sane while Trinity remains at arm’s length. But when Trinity and her baby are threatened by one of the skeletons in her closet, Laszlo has no choice but to keep her safe. He learns what it means to be a family man and will stop at nothing to ensure their safety.


Other Books by Elizabeth Nelson
Trinity
Desire
Unconditional
***
You Only Live Once 1
You Only Live Once 2
YOLO 3, coming soon!
***
Backstage Pass
Backstage Pass: VIP
Backstage Pass: All Access
The next Backstage Pass story coming soon!
***
Curiosity Killed the Kat
The Game is On
A Date with the Devil
***
Forbidden Love
Forbidden Desire
The Complete Forbidden series coming soon!

