Chagit’s Electric Dance (Jewish American Doll, Book 1)
Copyright© 2021 by Rivka Rea Ashira
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This e-book has been provided to you by the author and publisher for your individual use only. You may not make this e-book publicly available in any manner. Copyright infringement is against the law. If you believe the copy of this e-book you are reading infringes on the author’s copyright, please inform the publisher.
Chagit’s Electric Dance
(Jewish American Doll, Book 1)
Rivka Rea Ashira
PREFACE
I am lying on a bed under the studio lights in a red sequined dance costume. “Lights, camera, action,” Juan Domingo says in Spanish to the commercial crew. The camera is rolling.
I sit up and a man walks onto the set beside me. He sits down on the edge of the bed and lowers the straps of my dance costume from my shoulders as he slides his hand over one of my breasts. Tears well up in my eyes, but I hold back.
“Cut,” Juan Domingo calls out. The camera stops rolling. “Muy bien, muy bien.”
“Very good. That’s a wrap,” the American camera man says.
I wipe my eyes and pull up the straps of my dance costume.
***
The caterers are moving around tables and setting up food. I am standing beside the camera man with my head upside down as I brush my hair. The set lights shimmer upon my blonde locks. I can feel the heat. “Brushing it like this…” I say “…makes it full and racy, like a supermodel or even a rock star. I love that windblown look.” My voice is playful. Tilting my head to the side and looking up at his green eyes, I smile innocently. “Try it.”
Chuckling, the camera man shakes his head side to side like he is stunned as he looks at me. He steps away from the movie camera, running his fingers though his crew cut. “I don’t think I have enough hair, Barbie Doll.”
I suppress a grin. People call me “Barbie Doll” a lot. Actually, some people even call me “Human Barbie Doll.” I flip my head up. My hair falls like white rain glistening under the lights. Full and long, soft as silk. It ripples and waves like the sea just after a storm. Cool, pure elegance. The kind of hair everyone yearns to touch.
Don’t think I’m stuck up or full of myself or anything. Believe me I’ve worked hard to look good. Naturally I am horrid.
How do I know how my hair looks? Because I have brushed and flipped my head in this manner a million times standing before my full-length bedroom mirror. That mirror has gotten a lot of use. To look this “perfect” takes practice. You don’t become the ideal woman without painstaking effort.
I just finished acting in a television commercial for a Tijuana costume shop. To my utter shock, I was hired for the role at a dance contest in San Diego where I tripped on stage. Oh, what a nightmare! Mid pirouette, the feathers on my costume got tangled in my legs and I fell on my face. Who could figure? My face must have turned as red as a cherry tomato.
Apparently, Juan Domingo, the Mexican director who approached me backstage, must not have seen my pathetic fall and how the entire audience laughed at me like I was some sort of buffoon and not the Madonna, Like a Virgin, character I was going for. Anyway, Juan Domingo said the store wants a “sexy” blonde teenager about eighteen or nineteen (I’m almost fifteen) to say a few lines in Spanish. If I take the role, they will pay me a hundred bucks.
Great balls of fire! Of course, I was thrilled to comply. I love acting and even though I’m embarrassed to admit it, being in the spotlight is what I am all about. It’s my dream to be famous.
So, here I am at the wrap-up of this commercial shoot. The rest of the crew are gathered around the refreshment tables filing their plates with the tasty, exotic, succulent, mouthwateringly delicious meal catered by Tijuana’s Caesar’s Palace, a classy restaurant located down the street. If only I could take just one bite, but I can’t because today I am trying to only eat carrots and non-fat yogurt. I am hoping to fit back in my child size 12 pants. Even though they will be too short for my long legs, I figure I can where them as knickers.
So, now that the shoot is over, I am just waiting to get paid. Like an idiot, I forgot my street clothes in the movie trailer which already left. I could just kick myself. So, to my complete dismay, I have to leave in the sequined French-cut dance costume and red high heels I wore for the commercial. Embarrassing to say the least!
The last thing I want to do is walk outside on the main strip in a foreign country looking like a scantily clad prostitute. Tijuana is close to San Diego where I am from, so I have a fair amount of experience across the border. Sorry to say, a lot of Tijuana men aren’t as physically polite as San Diegan men. To put it bluntly, in this part of town, the men feel you up on the street even when you are dressed. They grab and rub your ass as the walk by. Really! I can only imagine what they might do when I am clad like a whore. Excuse my language.
“Earth to Barbie,” the camera man says to me.
I look at the man a little perplexed. I feel dizzy from lack of food. “Oh, I’m sorry,” I manage to say. I think he is kind of cute, but not my type. He is probably at least fifteen years older than me.
“What were you thinking about?” His eyes narrow.
I get the feeling he is trying to figure me out. That makes me laugh. I’m not sure what there is to figure.
Now he also appears confused. I guess we are in the same club. “What?” he asks, drawing his eyebrows together.
“I was just remembering how a fortune teller told me I am going to marry a man with an accent different than my own,” I say to him. “He is going to be really handsome and charming and even have mystical powers.”
He smiles. “I’m handsome and charming.” His response is with a fake French accent. “Can’t promise magic though.”
“Oh, but I just love magic!” I spin around gaily. For whatever reason, I am always dancing around. For the life of me, I can’t even help it. I have so much energy inside that feels like it just has to burst out. Weird, huh?
I think about evil and black magic. Recently, I saw a documentary on pagan magic. It was creepy. “Do you think mysticism is magic?”
“Yeah, I guess.” His mouth twitches just slightly. “Well, hell, I don’t know about that crap.”
I stare at him, searching his eyes.
“Sounds like you’ve read too many fairy tales,” he says.
“My life is a fairy tale…” I realize I am still pondering the question of whether mysticism is magic, but then I think about how Mama is always telling me I ask too many questions and how I shouldn’t reveal how stupid I am. To distract myself, I continue talking. “Prince Charming is going to come and sweep me off my feet and I am going to live happily ever after in a magic kingdom of sheer bliss,” I say trying to steady my body. My mind feels so cloudy.
Just then the middle aged, heavy set director, Juan Domingo, waddles up to me. He is carrying a plate with a huge lobster and a saucer of melted butter. “I bring you food. You take; you too skinny.” He ogles my chest. “But, you chichis es muy grande—haha!” He laughs and laughs, so much so that he actually starts snorting as he stares at the sequined bodice covering my fake, ample c-cup boobs.
I take the plate from him. His hand brushes over my chest and lingers there before he turns and grabs a beer off a nearby side table. I turn away. A lump knots in my throat. Damn, don’t get all bent out of shape over this moron, I tell myself. Beyond my control, my eyes start to well up.
Jerk. What is wrong with me? I don’t know why, but for some reason I feel an aching pain where my heart is. I run my fingers through my blonde hair and remember how friggin’ ugly I used to be before all my plastic surgeries. Get in character. Play the part.
In my head I am always on stage. I turn back to my audience in an entirely new demeanor. Didn’t Shakespeare say something about life being a stage or something like that? “I can’t eat a thing,” I breathe, now suddenly speaking in my sultry Marilyn Monroe voice. I then escalate my act with a childlike giggle that makes most men approve of me.
Juan Domingo’s body twitches. Oh, hell! I jut my chin back in surprise. His nostrils flare. I didn’t expect this much response. The man appears as excited as a bull ready to mate. What a loon. I see a rise in his pants. Oh my gosh!
He is just not normal. As he reaches for me, the lobster falls off the plate I am holding. I stumble back. My cheeks are probably as red as a Valentine. Oh, my.
“Hey!” the camera man says. “I’ll get that.” Lucky for me, the camera man, who I never asked his name, steps between us and picks the crustacean off the floor.
“Ooh.” I glance at my designer watch. “Mama’s probably waiting for me outside already. Gotta run. You can just mail me my paycheck.” Why didn’t I think of that before?
Before I finish talking, the grip calls Juan Domingo over. The lascivious director waves him off and looks away from me before taking a swig of his beer.
“I’ll walk you out,” the camera man says.
“Oh, no. Mama would be so mad seeing me with an older man.” Then I think to myself: Actually, she probably wouldn’t even notice. But, it was an adequate excuse anyhow. That ache in my heart is bothering me so much that I feel I just need to get away from all of them.
Suddenly, I smell smoke. I hear a piercing scream. I look out the door and the most handsome BAD boy I have ever seen runs past. He smiles at me just as he tosses some sort of stick or something into the room. The long oblong shape rolls on the floor and makes a sizzling sound. It appears to be lit with fire! I gasp and run out onto the Mexican street. But once I am outside, my eyes widen in horror.
CHAPTER 1
Above Revolution Avenue, the setting sun was the color of blood.  It looked like an open wound surrounded by scrapes and bruises set against the blue backdrop of sky.  As the Tijuana tourist shops and street venders along the sidewalks closed for the night, the bars, nightclubs, and strip joints began to open and pound out their dance music onto the road.  The pounding was entrancing and rhythmic.  It could be felt beneath one’s feet, in the bones.  There was no escaping it.  A sense of desperation permeated the city.
Barbie glanced around, looking for the “bad” boy, but he wasn’t around. She wanted to feel relieved, but somehow, she was not. He must have run away after throwing the lit object into the studio. Boy was he scary… and cute.
Most of the tourists departed for the night, leaving the promenade sidewalks relatively desolate, aside from a few locals and stragglers. Barbie watched some teenage boys roll a couple of trashcans out onto the middle of the road. What are they doing? She felt her heart rate speed up. The oldest of the boys looked at her and winked before he started lighting the cans on fire. A lump grew in Barbie’s throat as she gripped the wall. Was that the same guy who threw the lit object into the studio? The boys were probably around her age, fourteen, maybe fifteen, but this one seemed to be the ring leader and a little older than the rest.
Now the boys stood in the road with megaphones acting like police officers, directing traffic down a side street away from the blazing cans.  They laughed and laughed at the absurdity of the situation they had created as they slapped their knees and hopped around like jumping beans to the rhythm of the pulsating discotheque music.
Barbie surveyed the scene, shifting just her eyes as she tried to look unaffected. She watched a man driving a hearse with a large florescent green cross propped up upon its roof and a picture of Our Lady of Guadalupe painted on the door swerve around the blazing cans. Her body flinched as the old man nearly hit the boys. The oldest one rushed over to his car window and reached in. What is he doing? Barbie’s stomach knotted. The boy pulled the man by the shirt collar out through the window. He and the other boys rushed the man and started beating him before he scrambled back into his car and sped away down the side street.
Beside herself, Barbie, looked to some young girls in school uniforms. They were standing at the curb whispering to each other, watching the boys and the fires. One of them kept looking at her with mean eyes, so Barbie didn’t try to talk to them.
Then, catching her breath, Barbie’s attention shifted to a blind man with a tapping cane. Her mind whirling, she watched him wobble down the sidewalk. When he got to her, he stopped and sniffed the air and smiled like he had just smelled the finest perfume. He shook his head and moved away from the scene.
This lawlessness felt like too much. Barbie wanted to find the police, but she heard much of the force was corrupt in TJ and she might just put herself in more danger. On edge, she heard a sort of rasping sound and looked over at a nearby store. Sneezing rapidly from the smoke in the air, a rabbi with a long beard, holding some leather-bound books, stepped out of a closing shop.  He stopped and looked at the fires for a moment, seeming to notice the rowdy boys with megaphones now screaming, “¡Viva Mejico!”  At once, he hurried into the drugstore.
Barbie’s body stiffened as she wondered if he was afraid of the boys too. But to her relief, he stepped back out of the store. Together, he and the drugstore owner apparently rigged up some hoses to the back sinks.  The two men were now pulling the hoses into the street, yelling at the boys while spraying the cans to no success.
Barbie felt her heart pattering fast against her ribcage. Would the boys beat up the rabbi and the storekeeper as they did the driver of the hearse?
But to her surprise, the boys stopped laughing. The cute, bad one’s face even seemed to pale. And, even further stunning her, he looked over at her and raised a dark eyebrow, grinning somewhat mysteriously. Heat rose up through her neck, burning her cheeks. Without further interaction, he took off with the others running away down an alley.
Some younger kids hurried out of a nearby taco shop with fire extinguishers, which they sprayed onto the flames, putting the fires out.  The kids rolled the cans out of the street where they laid, burnt and smoking at the curb.  A gentle breeze blew through her hair and Barbie felt alone as she watched the rabbi get into his brown Pinto that was parked down the avenue in the Woolworth parking lot and drive away.
With most everyone gone, the approaching darkness descended upon Barbie’s bare tan shoulders, upon her silky blonde hair, and upon her long legs covered in fishnet tights.  Now that the fires were out, a tiny malnourished girl walked up and down the sidewalk. As she paced, she shook a tin can of coins making a fair amount of noise.  The dance music hammered in Barbie’s ears and the clanking coins rattled her nerves further.  She noticed that a neon Elvis tied to the top of a parked car along the street was lighting up the pink sequins on her French cut dance costume causing it to sparkle and flash.  The fringe around her hips fluttered in the summer wind.
Sometimes she had strange considerations. She wondered for a flash of an instant if Ghandi was really an angel instead of a man and if aliens were real, but then her mind switched to her usual thoughts of yearning to become a famous model, professional cheerleader, or a movie star one day.  Her thoughts were all mixed up.  She wondered what was taking Mama so long to pick her up and take her back to their home in El Cajon, a suburb across the border in San Diego County.
Barbie Monroe loved popular media. She didn’t care if the media was a blockbuster film, a racy TV show, a romantic fairy tale, or even a fashion magazine. She just loved popular media. While she was watching a movie or looking at pictures in a fashion magazine, her imagination would reel with all sorts of ideas on how she could make herself out to be like the characters or models that mesmerized her imagination.  It was not uncommon to go to a party and see her dressed like the latest supermodel, or to hear her talking in a low, raspy voice like the popular actress of the time, Demi Moore, or even to see her suddenly break into song and dance like the tough, sassy Michelle Pfieffer in Grease 2.  She was always acting out the roles of her favorite characters in real life. But even though Barbie liked dramas, she didn’t like real life thrillers of the type she was watching right there on Revolution Avenue.  Being stuck in Mexico with wild boys, fires, and pounding music all by herself, dressed like a prostitute, was a drama she’d rather watch on the big screen.
Just then, a well-dressed American couple, pushing a lace bassinet stroller with a piñata and a bag of leather sandals strapped to the side, stopped along the curb.  The husband waved his manicured hand in the wind, trying to hail a cab.  He looked over at the smoking cans along the side of the road, glanced at Barbie, his eyes catching hers, and turned away, appearing rather annoyed. Anxiously, the little Mexican girl approached them, shaking her can of coins.  Tears began to pour forth from the girl’s dirty, smudged face, as she pleaded in an almost breathy desperation, the words catching in her dry throat, “Necesito ayuda, necesito ayuda—I need help.”  Flustered, the woman unfastened a small, ornate coin purse and dropped a quarter into her can.  The girl trembled in gratitude as she took the shiny quarter into her hand and held it to her lips.  
The man smiled at the girl.  
The woman patted her on the back.  
Then they put the bassinet and souvenirs into the trunk of the taxi and climbed in.  They fastened their seatbelts.  The woman passed the cooing baby to the husband.  
He kissed the baby’s fat red cheeks.  
She kissed the baby’s fat red cheeks.  
The cab moved onward, the gravel on the road crunching under the tires and in Barbie’s mind. She couldn’t help but wonder why some people lacked while others had so much. If only she could help this little girl in a real way.
The jingling of the coins began to rattle again.  The tiny girl stood before Barbie now, gazing up at her sparkling dance costume.  Her brown ink drop eyes were lit in wonder as she stared into Barbie’s movie star violet eyes, seemingly mesmerized by her Barbie Doll appearance.  Barbie Monroe was beautiful—as long-legged and stunning as a plastic doll—an unusual spectacle for the weary girl’s vision.  
Barbie leaned uncomfortably against the nightclub wall.  She unzipped the fanny pack around her waist, took out ten dollars, and dropped it in the little girl’s can.  The girl danced around in excitement saying, “Gracias, gracias, thank you!”  Then she took Barbie’s hand, stood beside her, and said in English, “I love you.”  The girl simply stood there holding her hand silently.  Barbie’s hand began to sweat from the awkward feelings she felt holding this girl’s hand, but she felt a little relieved nonetheless, because she was scared being in Mexico all alone.  After a few minutes, the girl dropped her hand gently and sat against the wall next to Barbie’s feet.  
The more she thought about it, the more she was embarrassed to be standing on Revolution Avenue in a skimpy dance costume.  She wished she had borrowed a coat or some sort of covering from one of the crew members before leaving, but she wasn’t thinking and just wanted to get away from the director.  He frightened her.  Now, she had to wait for her ride in this risqué dance costume for the whole world to ogle over.
At least she had kept her fanny pack around her waist.  She had been careful to not let the pack out of her sight the entire shoot because she had a can of pepper spray tucked inside.  Although naive about most everything in life, she had always been a little nervous and at times, according to her mother, paranoid.  So, she wasn’t about to go to Mexico by herself without protection.  
Her mother was supposed to pick Barbie up after the shoot, but it was not unusual for her to get distracted with work or a charity function, and forget her daughter.  Barbie felt about a hundred nervous twitches course through her body whenever she thought of being stranded alone in Tijuana.  She had been edgy lately since seeing The Accused, a film starring Jodie Foster playing the part of Sarah Tobias, a young woman who had been gang-raped in a local bar.  That film terrified her.  But Mama always says, “Don’t worry unless there’s a reason to worry.  If you do, you only bring on the bad stuff yourself through your thoughts about it.”  She couldn’t stand Mama’s ridiculous philosophies.
As she looked up, she noticed two drunken American teenage guys step out of the strip bar across the street, the neon lights overhead flashing in their lustful eyes.  Embarrassed, she turned away from them, as they eyed her up and down, discussing amongst themselves whether or not to approach her.  She walked over to the painted black and white striped donkey made to look like a zebra and rigged up to a photo backdrop that was tied with sombreros for tourists to have their pictures taken with.
She felt the guys’ eyes burning into her.  When she looked up at them, from a distance, she noticed one looked a little like James Dean, but his hair was blonder.  The other one was African American and looked to her like a muscular version of the television character, Willis, on Different Strokes played by Todd Bridges.  She wondered where the donkey’s owner was.  
Barbie sighed.  “I wish I could set you free, Gordito.”  Earlier in the day, she had asked the owner what the donkey’s name was.  “It must be so painful standing here all day long, day after day.”  She wrapped her arms around the animal’s neck, her hair falling forward over her tan shoulders.  The little girl walked over beside her and began petting the donkey’s ruff, painted hair. 
Just then, Barbie heard the shrill voice of a woman cry out in terror from the alley across the street near the strip bar.  A sickened feeling came over her being, blanketing her in darkness.  She was afraid.  The woman’s pleas for help enveloped her.  
The little girl cried out, “Mama!  Mama!” and ran into the street toward the alley.
Barbie didn’t know what to do, so she chased after the girl in desperation across the street into the alley, her high heels clicking and clacking against the pavement, looking much like Wonder Woman in her scantily clad costume.  She knew it was stupid to go alone, but she felt she had no choice.  She couldn’t let this little girl fall into danger, and someone had to help the screaming woman.  
When she got to the alley she saw the American guys, who had been standing before the strip bar minutes prior. They had an attractive Mexican woman pinned to the ground as she struggled to get away.  The blonde guy punched the woman in the face several times.  Blood poured from her nostrils and lips as she choked and gasped for air.  The little girl jumped on top of him, trying to pull him off the woman.  Violently, he knocked the girl off his back, sending her frail body flying across the alley.  The black muscular guy pulled at the woman’s dress, trying to tear it off her thin body, but it had several ties and thick material.  The woman wiggled and kicked aggressively, trying to get away, scratching the African American guy in the face several times.  
Barbie’s heart slammed against her chest.  She thought about running away.  Oh, no!  What should I do?  The little girl was lying on the ground across the alley crying hysterically.  Images of Jodie Foster being raped in The Accused flashed through her mind and mixed with the present images of the woman’s mutilated face and torn clothing.  Rage enveloped her.  Everything was happening so fast.
She fumbled at the can of pepper spray in her fanny pack.  Her hands shook excessively and her breath quickened heavy and rapid.  But, once she got a semi-steady grip on the can, she pointed it at the boys.  “Stop!” she cried out finally, her voice scratchy and hardly audible through the woman’s screams and child’s cries.
The guys didn’t appear to notice her.  The blonde guy unzipped his jeans and shoved his hand under the woman’s dress.  She moved violently and he was unable to get a firm grip on her. 
Barbie felt strangled by her own breath.  It occurred to her that the pepper spray may have dried out from lack of use.  If she moved in closer to the men to get a more proficient aim, they could easily abduct her as well and even more so if the can rendered defective.  These thoughts escalated her anxiety causing her hands to sweat profusely.  In turn, she began to lose her grip on the can.    
Luckily, she had an idea—she tried to calm her nerves by pretending she was the TV character, Jill Munroe, played by Farrah Faucet on Charlie’s Angels, stopping a horrific crime.  Barbie had played the role hundreds of times, standing before the mirror in her bedroom.  With this thought, suddenly her demeanor changed, “I’ll burn your eyes out with acid!” she warned, her voice stern and confident.  
The guys looked up in surprise, eyes wide, filled with the violent energy of their passions.  The little girl started to scream uncontrollably from across the alley where she stood.  Barbie noticed her arm was broken and bent backward in the shape of a U.  The blonde guy got off the ground, smirking as he walked toward Barbie.  
Barbie pressed the button on the can, but he wasn’t close enough to suffer the effects of the debilitating liquid.  “Let the woman go!” she demanded, her long legs spread squarely in fighter’s stance, arms out straight before her.  Her violet eyes switched back and forth from the blonde guy to the black guy in icy determination.
The blonde guy swiftly reached for the can, but as he was in motion, she managed to mist his eyes slightly.  In his accelerated rage, he flinched for a moment, yet grabbed Barbie by the wrists and expeditiously knocked the pepper spray to the ground.  She was bewildered by his great strength.  Never before had she experienced a physical confrontation with a man.  He punched her in the gut and then in the face.  Her mind filled with the kind of unexpected terror, shock, and pain of a naive girl who misunderstood the overwhelming strength and force of the male race.  Somebody help me—please, she thought as she struggled desperately for her life, the scenery swirling before her eyes.
Just then, a mysterious dark haired teenage boy pointed a gun at the blonde guy.  “Let her go or I’ll shoot,” he commanded.  
The blonde guy was consumed with rage as he tried to overpower the relentless, struggling girl and appeared oblivious to his pursuer.  His friend took notice though.  The African American guy released the Mexican woman, pulled up his zipper, a look of utter terror in his eyes, perspiration trickling down his face, and ran away, out of the alley.
Without further hesitation, the boy shot the blonde in the foot.  A scream of horror sounded through the alley, the agonizing wail overlapped in echoes as he dropped Barbie to the street at once.
“Get out of here…” the boy said sternly, “…or I’ll kill you this time.”
He threw his hands in the air and said in a strained voice, “Hey, we were just messing around.  Let me go.  We won’t bother you.”
“I said go.” The young man with the gun responded in a low, confident tone.
Looking around quickly, perhaps searching for his friend, he took off at once, running down the alley and turned down another side street.
Holding her torn dress together, the woman got up off the ground, her daughter whimpering and hugging her legs.  She spoke quickly in Spanish with the boy and hurried away with her child. 
Frightened, Barbie jumped to her feet, her lip gushing blood and her nose broken.  She backed away from the boy, wide-eyed, panting heavily.  “What happened to the woman and her daughter?” she managed to choke out of her raw throat.
The mysterious boy brushed his hair out of his blue eyes.  He was exotically handsome and reserved.  “She asked me not call police.  She say it bring shame to her family.”  He looked at her fixedly for a moment.  “You are hurt,” he said.  He spoke in a Mexican accent.  His voice was now soft and rhythmic.  “I will help you—bezrat Hashem.”  
At that moment, he closed his eyes for some time.  Confused, she wondered what he was doing.  It occurred to her that maybe she should run away.  His serene behavior was so odd.  But, she was surprisingly drawn to him.  He seemed to have the air of a guru or mystic. G. I. Gurdjieff came to mind. Yet in some ways this boy was so normal like a regular teenager. This wasn’t like one of those cliché paranormal TV series or supernatural fiction novels where the guy turns out to be a vampire or some other paranormal creature like an angel or an alien. He was a real person.
Then she noticed his dressy attire.  He was clad in black dress pants and a white dress shirt.  She wasn’t used to seeing teenage boys dressed this formally.  Maybe he was returning from a formal event or maybe he was some sort of Mexican royalty.  The thoughts caused her to laugh as she imagined him to be Prince Charming.
With his eyes still shut, he seemed entirely in his own world, as if he had entered some other dimension she was not privy to.  He reminded her of spiritual leaders she had seen on television who entered meditative states, levitating their bodies, walking on water, turning staffs into snakes.  Then, at once, light exuded from his body.  Barbie blinked, unsure of this vision before her eyes.
The blood stopped rushing from her lip.  Her nose swelled, took shape and then healed entirely.  It was as if the natural healing process occurred in speed time.
He opened his eyes serenely.  “Baruch Hashem—you good now.” he whispered this melodically, the words sounding like a heavenly lullaby in Barbie’s mind.
Just then Mama drove into the alley, waving animatedly at her from inside her Mercedes Benz.  Barbie felt healthy and light, completely rejuvenated.  When she turned back to thank the mysterious boy for saving her, he was gone.
CHAPTER 2
The high granite mountains etched in horse and all-terrain vehicle trails formed a jagged box around El Cajon Valley.  As the sun blared down overhead, the hot June wind blew dust up from the dirt valleys along the sides of the roads through the brush, up through the dry swaying palm trees, and over the rooftops of the randomly dispersed ranch houses set on one to two acre plots with riding rings, old barns, and swimming pools.  Deeper within the valley, past the track homes, past apartment row, and past the strip mall, but right beside a park, set El Cajon High School, blue and yellow flags blowing in the wind.  In front of the parking lot, upon a huge marquis that read: “Dance Time Now’s Children’s Competition—main auditorium,” a bronze alma mater eagle with a piercing, ominous gaze perched with its claws and wings spread as if preparing to swoop down upon an unsuspecting victim.
School just let out for summer last week.  Next year Barbie would be a sophomore.  Off to the side of the picnic tables on the lawn, Barbie lounged around with her best friend, Mandy Withers, wasting time until it was her turn to compete in the dance competition.  It was a bright sunny day.  She noticed the grass and bushes looked very green and lush especially compared to the dull gray and dry, cracked cement of the quad where many of the cheerleaders and football players stood around in clusters gossiping as they waited for pre-season summer practice to start.  Barbie had an odd feeling that someone was staring at her, but when she looked around the quad, she didn’t see anyone even seeming to notice her.
“I’m sure that boy that saved you in TJ didn’t heal you with his mind, Barbie!”  Mandy was a plain, yet pretty girl with shoulder-length, straight book-brown hair, big brown eyes, and a small button nose.  And she was usually kind, considerate, and philanthropic enough to snap Barbie’s rubber head back in the neck socket whenever it happened to pop out.  “That’s just crazy to think that.”
“I know it sounds wacky, but I was, like, beat up so badly and after he closed his eyes, my body healed up miraculously.  I felt it happening.  In fact, I felt completely euphoric.  It was, like, so amazing.”
Mandy laughed.  “You come up with the funniest ideas.  I’m sure you just imagined that your nose was broken and your lip was split.” 
“The blood was still on my face and neck when I got in the car, Mandy.  But, there wasn’t a scratch on me.”
“The blonde guy who attacked you probably bled on you.  Maybe the Mexican woman scratched him when they were struggling and his blood got on you when he grabbed you.”
Barbie frowned.  “Yeah, well, it didn’t seem like that.”
“Look, don’t think about it anymore.  It’s best if you just move on.  You should just be happy that a tall, dark, and handsome guy saved you!  Only you get that lucky.”
“He was cute,” Barbie tried to hide an embarrassed smile.  I wish he would have asked me out.”
“Oh, brother—that would be real suave to ask the victim out right after you save her,” Mandy smiled.  “Oops.  I almost forgot.  I brought your favorite drink.”  Mandy handed Barbie a bottle of diet raspberry iced tea.
“Thanks, Mandy.” Her shoulders slumped, dissatisfied with the conclusion of their conversation.  “I brought you some Swiss chocolate Mama brought home from her travels in Switzerland.”
“She and your dad are back now?”
“At least they’re home for this week.”
Just then an attractive blonde guy in dark sunglasses and a black overcoat, appearing to be slightly older than them walked up.  He seemed oddly familiar to Barbie, but she couldn’t place where she had seen him.  He spoke in a whisper, straining his throat as if he had trouble speaking.  “Hello, girls.”
Barbie jutted their chin back, feeling slightly indignant that this guy was interrupting them.
“I’m a talent scout, looking for models to represent at my agency.  I have connections with Vogue and Cosmopolitan.”
Barbie’s eyes lit up.  “You look young.  Do you go to school here?”
“No.  I already graduated, but I was given permission to look around campus to see if I could find any girls who have potential as supermodels.”  He handed Mandy his business card.  “My name is John Prince.”  He held out his hand first to Mandy and then to Barbie.
“I don’t like modeling,” Mandy said in a slightly irritated voice, wondering why he was interested in her when stunning perfection was sitting beside her.
“That’s too bad because you were the girl I had in mind.  You have striking, dark features.”
Mandy scoffed, knowing her fleshy face was far from striking.
“I like modeling,” Barbie interrupted with a big smile.  
“Well, you’re not really what we’re looking for at this time.”  He started to turn as if he was about to leave.
Surprised that someone would perceive Mandy as more attractive than her, intrigued her sensibilities.  “I’ve already done a little modeling actually and I acted in a TV commercial recently,” she said slightly indignant.
“Hmm.”  He turned back to her, rocking on his back foot giving the impression that he wasn’t particularly interested.  “I see that you have potential if we fine tune your look—give you a little more edge.  You’re too cookie cutter right now.”  He stared at her a moment fixedly.  “I’ll talk with my team, but first give me your telephone number and maybe we can set up a photo shoot.  We can’t do anything without a spreadsheet.”
Barbie quickly scribbled her name on a piece of paper and handed it to him.
****
Beyond the school quad, past the rows of book lockers and the snack bar, music from Janet Jackson’s hit song, “Control,” vibrated out from the walls of the school auditorium slightly muted by the loud thrashing from some oak trees blowing in the wind.  
Barbie was standing under the oak trees upon a small wooden deck which was set up against the auditorium’s backstage door.  It was general procedure for the dancers to wait upon the deck ten minutes before they were called onto the stage to perform.  She was waiting for her turn to perform her solo jazz dance routine before an audience and a panel of judges.
The heat caused her to sweat as she chanted the choreographed combinations of her routine out loud over and over again like a windup toy doing what it’s programmed to do.  All the while, an uncontrollable itch overwhelmed her—the silver sequins of her bodysuit rubbed against the soft skin on her torso.  Desperate for relief, yet afraid someone might perceive her as crude for scratching beneath her clothes in public, she quickly glanced through the quad checking for onlookers.  To her relief nobody was around.  Without hesitation, she proceeded to thread her hand through the side of her dance costume, scratching her stomach and between her breasts where the irritation was the strongest.  This only provided partial relief though because she felt as if she itched all over—especially on her face and head which she had assiduously made up to look glamorous for her performance.  Even though she desired to rub the sticky pancake makeup and rouge off of her entire face, she only wiped the tiny pools of wetness forming above her shimmering lips with the side of her finger.  Her hand was sweaty and slightly shaking from the sheer madness of the heat.  As best as she was able to steady her fingers, she slowly slid the end of one acrylic nail through a stiff brillo of curls and scraped side to side.  She was still unsatisfied.  The desire to relieve her discomfort ate away at her thoughts causing her to forget the order of her dance routine which she was chanting all the while.  To make matters worse, her head began to pound and ache. 
As she rubbed her temples in agony, a dancer from the studio where she trained popped her head out of the backstage door.  “You’re almost up,” she said with a smirk.
“My head is killing me,” Barbie responded.  “Do you have an aspirin?”
Vulture wings spread out from the girl’s black head of hair.  Her manicured nails crooked into the forms of claws.  She stared fiercely at Barbie, who held her pulsating head down in her hands, unaware of the girl’s negative energy.
“Sure—I have a pain reliever,” the girl said.  She grabbed her backpack from behind the door and pulled out a pill organizer.  She handed Barbie an amphetamine that she had illegally purchased through her dealer.
Barbie held the brightly colored pill in her hand naively.  “What is this?”
“It’s the new ibuprofen—works great.”
“Oh, ok.  Thanks!”  She swallowed the pill thinking it was an Advil.
“You can come inside and wait in the wings until your name is called.”
Though her head ached, Barbie felt relieved to be indoors, out of the sun, in the dark coolness of backstage.  Wanting to loosen her muscles in preparation for her dance performance, she slid into side splits on the floor to stretch her legs.  Her thoughts were scattered.  She felt dizzy.    
The auditorium was nearly three-quarters full.  A masculine voice sounded from the grand speakers, “And the next performance is by Barbie Monroe from San Diego Dance Company.  The audience cheered in ecstasy, stomping their feet and jumping out of their seats.
But the velvet red curtains opened to an empty stage.  Feeling peculiar and lost in a circus of thoughts, Barbie didn’t realize it was her turn to go on stage.  The stage manager, a middle-aged, heavy-set man, came over to her.  “It’s your turn, Barbie Doll.”  
She was standing on her feet stretching her head down between her legs now.
“You better get out there,” he tapped her on the back.
“Oh!”  Her head jerked up.  “I didn’t realize it was my turn!”
He shook his head as he eyed her up and down.  “It’s amazing…”  He ran his hand over his gray beard.  “You look exactly like a Barbie Doll!”
“Thank you!” she giggled nervously.
Feeling oddly light, Barbie strutted out onto the stage in a jazz walk hoping to convince the audience that she had planned to start off stage for added dramatics.  As she slinked around the stage now in a figure eight, she felt, to her surprise, as if she were gliding through a magnificent cloud rather than through the actual stale air of the auditorium.  When she finished her prance, she winked flirtatiously at her fans who were cheering ecstatically as usual and then smiled at the judges who couldn’t help but beam in approval at this blonde American dream girl.  She looked up at the ceiling and let her arms sway above her head like snakes in a trance.  
Several young girls from the audience, wearing “Dance Time Now” t-shirts screamed, “Barbie!, Barbie!, Barbie!…”  They jumped up and down and clapped their hands over their heads enthusiastically in anticipation of her performance.
With her head in an upward tilt, Barbie noticed the black die-cast aluminum lighting fixtures hanging dimly over her head.  She wondered why the lights were so dull when she felt surprisingly euphoric.  Though she had performed upon this stage every year at this competition since she was six-years-old, she suddenly felt as if she were in an entirely new environment.  Everything seemed different.  She was thrilled to be alive! 
She gazed straight ahead.  For the first time, she noticed that the back wall of the auditorium was checkered in black and white.  She dropped her arms to her sides.  They felt as light as feathers.  Her entire body actually felt airy.  She stared at the wall dreamily.  It seemed to her as if life were moving in slow motion.  
Just below her line of vision, she noticed, at the back of the gym, a group of teenage girls dressed in orange body suits with sequined butterfly wings on their backs hollering out supporting comments like, “All right, Barbie!” or “We love you!”  She thought this was extraordinarily humorous and had to turn her back to the audience in a sort of rhythmic manner to hide her laughter.   She thought about how unpopular and unattractive she was as a young child.  It seemed humorous to her that she had succeeded through plastic surgery and careful emulation of supermodels and movie stars in transforming herself from a “total nerd” into a star.  Even though she was only famous in the local dance community and amongst her high school peers, she had still succeeded on some level.  This irony was funny to her. 
She gazed at the plain white wall of the stage.  She thought about how embarrassed she would feel if she lost this competition when everyone was expecting her to win.  The thought of this, upset her and brought her back to a familiar reality.  In response, her nerves began to march and kick up and down her lean body.  Oh, no, what if I lose my reputation as a star dancer!  I have to win first place and I have to be chosen to dance in sweepstakes!
But really more than that, was the lurking fear inside that her parents would put her in foster care or simply disown her. Deep down she sensed they didn’t want her. Her only value seemed to be in her achievements and physical appearance. If she lost her social value, which in large came from her high status as a dancer and from her looks, her parents would be ashamed and disown her. So she had to win! In her eyes, winning was life or death.
A couple of middle school boys standing in the aisle whistled and screamed, “You’re hot!” and “What a babe!” until their mothers came over and forced them back to their seats.
Barbie was relieved to hear the audience cheering, but the fear of losing this approval ate away her innards, carving her hollow inside like plastic doll.    
She struck her starting pose—head tilted back, wrists crossed above her head, fingers spread.  Her body quivered in nervous anticipation.  The music began in a muffled, pounding rhythm.  
Then all at once, the lights flooded the stage—white and glorious, brighter than the imagination tends to fathom.  The glare was so bright that everyone present, even the dullest of persons, experienced the illusion of a celestial reality.  Barbie looked like a supreme being and the stage looked like heaven.  As she began to dance, the intensity of the performance began to heighten beat by beat, step by step in rhythm.  She was lit!
Her costume flashed and glittered from the silver sequined bodice, while the fringe lining her hips sprayed out and up: spin, spin, spinning like a jet propeller as she twirled into the light.  More cheers.  She was movin’ and groovin’ to the beat, higher than life, with a painted smile attached to her face, plastic arms raised, jazz hands, head back, then head roll, with a snap into space.  The audience clapped, screamed, whistled to the rhythm of this phantasm, a step out of time into grace.
When the music stopped, Barbie threw her hands in the air, raised her chin proud, and bowed, breathless and alive—everything she had worked for had just taken place.
Her energy was as powerful as lightning.  She felt like she could dance for hours.  The audience roared in approval.  If only she could hold onto this moment forever, seal it into her soul and eternally ride on its illusive mist like a cloud infinitely recycling itself in the cycles of life.
For Barbie, the purpose of life was to achieve euphoric highs as often as possible.  She lived for the thrills in life—the way she felt after winning dance contests, the way she felt when the best looking guy in school gave her flowers, or the way she felt when she was voted “Most Attractive Girl” this freshman year of high school even though the title was usually only given to seniors.  Because the highs she experienced after these excitements were so utterly pleasurable, she was driven to find more and more of the like.  And now as she stood upon the stage beaming in bliss after successfully completing her dance before an entirely enraptured audience, she felt an ecstasy so great that her body nearly exploded from the intensity.
Life doesn’t get any better!  But, the shell of her plastic doll flesh was unable to fully contain the intensity of light her ego had produced, so all at once, the side of her face cracked.  It was only a tiny jagged fissure in the skin, hardly noticeable, but big enough to release the pressure beneath the superficial surface.  She felt the sensation of the split like a sharp sting, but she was unaware what had happened.  In desperation she looked at her cheering fans, hoping to avert her attention away from the truth and back to her high.  She reached out longingly one last time for the audience and what they represented to her ego, but the thick, heavy blood red curtains upon the stage inevitably oozed closed and her former elation coagulated and scabbed over as she walked off the proscenium into the darkness of backstage.
The summer heat rose up, stretched, and yawned, awaking from its afternoon nap now as Mandy, wiping the perspiration off her forehead, trotted up the backstage ramp, under the shade trees, over toward her best buddy Barbie, her book brown shoulder-length hair swaying side to side in rhythm to her gait.  When she reached the top of the ramp, her brown Labrador eyes locked with Barbie’s fluttering eyes momentarily.  They both smirked at each other for a second before giggling.  
“You were amazing,” Mandy said, hugging her, sunlight breaking through rifts in the trees like hot fire on their shoulders.  “See, I told you, you wouldn’t mess up at all.”
Still breathless from her dance performance and all the excited thoughts of winning trophies bouncing around in her head, she panted heavily, releasing short bursts of giggles between breaths.  Her eyes shifted back and forth nervously, mascara flaking as she gasped, “Do you really think I danced well?  You didn’t see any mistakes?”  As she waited for an answer, her plastic head started popping out on the left side of her neck socket.  
“I’m telling you, you were great.”  Mandy shifted her weight from one leg to the other, slightly irritated.  “Didn’t you hear the audience cheering and going wild?  Duh!”  She grabbed onto the top of Barbie’s blonde hair sprayed head, getting her fingers tangled in the curls, and shoved it back into the socket.
“Thanks, Mandy.”  Barbie’s thin shoulders released from the stored tension and her neck relaxed as she exhaled like a taut balloon losing its air.  “I, like, lost my spot on my chaînés turns though and my switch leap was a little low…”
“Just shut up, dork!”  Mandy grinned.  “You were amazing and you know it.”
She sighed in relief and hugged Mandy again.  Then her eyes shifted back and forth once more anxiously, “Could you see the cellulite on the back of my legs?”
“If you don’t just shut up right now, I’m going to knock you into a huge cottage cheese container and seal you in.”
Barbie contemplated the thought, shuddered in good humor, and then, still unsatisfied from not receiving a clear response to whether or not her cellulite was visible to the audience, looked at Mandy pleadingly.
Apparently reading her mind, Mandy retorted in high-pitched annoyance, “YOU DON’T HAVE CELLULITE!”
“Ok, ok, ok…”  The two started walking through the high school quad toward the auditorium.
“It’s strange,” Barbie said.  “I feel so energetic and kind of nervous—you know, kind of jittery.”
“Well, I wouldn’t complain much.  Your energy worked to your advantage on the stage.”
Barbie gazed at the green lawn ahead, noticing from a distance a mysterious guy leaning against a tree dressed in black with black disheveled hair.  As she got closer, she thought it looked like the boy who saved her in Tijuana.  It is him!  Her heart performed an entire dance in three seconds at the sight of him.  He was unfathomably gorgeous, but he looked a little more rugged, not dressed in his high end suit.
She tried to cover her feelings and pretended she didn’t see him.  Boys don’t like available girls.  “Did my parents show up?” she asked Mandy, trying to remain calm. Maybe he is the Prince Charming with a foreign accent who the fortune teller spoke of.
Mandy’s lean body tensed and she stopped, looking at Barbie sympathetically.  “I’m sorry, Barbie.  Your parents didn’t show.”
“No big deal.”  Barbie laughed, sighed, threw her shoulders back and said, “Good—cause, like, who needs them?”  She appeared suddenly more confident, even a little arrogant, and many people might even call her new demeanor sexy.  She glanced over her shoulder, looking back at the mysterious guy.  The warm wind rattled the trees while she pranced long-legged into the cool auditorium to watch the rest of her dance division.
As Barbie and Mandy walked toward the side bleachers to take seats, some young girls clad in costumes from an earlier division ran over to Barbie with adoring compliments.
“You were sooooo good!” One little girl with curly cue pigtails and blue glitter on her eyelids said.  The other girls chimed in, rustling in their sequined petticoats, “Yeah, Barbie, you were awesome!”
“Thank you, sweeties.  I heard you guys rocked in your division.”
The girls giggled and the pigtailed girl retorted, “We kicked butt!”
Barbie smiled coolly as she surveyed the room.
The pigtailed girl continued, “You’re going to win your division.  Everybody’s talking about it.”
Barbie pretended not to hear, but internal skyrockets ignited and blasted out through her fingertips and toes.  A sudden hot wind swept through the pop music booming from the speakers, which caused Barbie to whip her head around, losing one set of her false lashes, as she saw the mysterious guy enter through the door and take a seat in the front of the auditorium.
A redheaded young woman was gracefully dancing on the stage to the song, “Don’t Go” by Yaz.  Barbie could tell that she was a beginning dancer, but her movements were unusually strong and fluid.  Nervous energy rushed through her body. What if this girl wins? Mama and my father will see what a loser I am. Everyone will stop loving me.
The pigtailed girl giggled and said to Barbie, “That guy’s hot.  Isn’t he?”  She was pointing at the mysterious guy.
“Who is he?”  Barbie asked as she dug anxiously through her purse, feeling around for her hairbrush.
“I don’t know, but last weekend my big sister took me to the waterslides and he was there with some other rowdy guys.  I remember him because he was on the waterslide next to the one I was on.  He was sliding down the slide standing up on his feet, even though it is totally against the rules and then, it was so scary, he jumped from his waterslide onto mine.  He landed so close to me that at the end of the slide where you slide into the pool, I fell on top of him.”
“What did he do?”  Barbie was brushing the hairspray from her white-blonde curls as she gazed at the mysterious guy.
She smirked, “Nothing, really.  He didn’t even seem to notice me, but I noticed him.  That’s for sure.  He’s so wild though.”
While the girls continued their chatter, moving on to gossiping about their favorite rock stars and teen actors, Barbie began to think about how she felt like she knew this mysterious guy from childhood.  She didn’t remember him exactly, but something about him seemed familiar.  Her mind began to rewind like a video tape reeling through her memories.
When she wasn’t able to recall the guy in her memory, she wondered if maybe she knew him before she lost her memory.  It had always seemed strange to her that she couldn’t remember anything before the age of five.  Her mind began to drift back to her earliest memory.
She couldn’t even remember what her name was before she changed it to Barbie.  She was told she was a mute, but aside from that, that was all she knew about her early years.  To her, it was as if life did not exist before kindergarten.  Her first memory was grainy and choppy like a short video shot on Super 8 film, 1970’s black and white.  She remembered sitting at the kitchen bar eating Cap’n Cruch or was it Pop Tarts?  She wasn’t sure, but she did know that she was watching the cartoon Bugs Bunny and feeling very nervous about starting her first day of kindergarten that morning.  Her brother David was standing in the center of the kitchen throwing plastic forks at the window above the sink.  Then suddenly he vanished from her mind as if he had been edited out of the reel.
Mama was standing over the stove like a beautiful, glamorous apparition.  A bit of hot bacon grease splashed on her long, dark Crystal Gayle-like hair that hung below her knees.  She appeared not to take notice, seemingly lost in thought.  But Barbie noticed.  She observed how gracefully Mama moved as she flipped a fried egg in a sort of movie-like slow motion, the oil sizzling loudly in the pan.
Mama must have known that Barbie was nervous about starting school because suddenly, as if awakened by the flash of an epiphany, she suggested to her in her sing songy Southern Belle drawl, “For cryin’ out loud, why don’t you just change your name, honey.  Then you can become a different person and start talkin’ like everybody else!”  She seemed very excited and her pouty, glossed lips opened very wide as she spoke.
Barbie liked that Mama was addressing her because usually she seemed to not pay her any attention, being too absorbed in her own vanities and personal amusements.
 “You can pretend the past never existed,” Mama continued.  “It works hon—it does.  Before my name was Trudy Monroe, I went by an entirely different name, which I am not going to mention because that would just ruin my new identity.  Pick a good name though—something sexy or exotic—a name you’d see on the silver screen because quite honestly, the only thing that really matters in life is being admired.  When you’re adored, the world is yours, hon!”
Barbie’s childish face looked as pale and lifeless as the drab washed out jumpsuit she had on.  She looked away solemnly and gazed at the Barbie Doll commercial that was aglow in sparkles and lights on the television.  A slight smile spread across her face, her eyes lighting up in unexpected wonder, as she watched Ballerina Barbie spinning on a pink plastic pedestal.  Without taking her eyes off the television, she remembered speaking just a note above a whisper, loud enough for Mama to hear, “Call me Barbie.”  The name went well with her last name Monroe, which was the same last name as Marilyn Monroe’s, the all American sex symbol.  
So from that day forth, with her new identity in mind, Barbie Monroe began to talk.  Everything about her changed gradually.  She started mirroring her personality after movie stars to seem more seductive.  She got Mama to take her to salons to get her hair bleached regularly.  She started wearing the most fashionable clothing.  And Mama enrolled her in etiquette school and dance classes so that she could become as graceful and charming as a fairy princess.  Mama always said that the day Barbie Monroe changed her name was the beginning of her new life.  “Change your name—change your destiny,” Mama sang out loud over and over again that day.
CHAPTER 3
After her dance division ended, the mysterious guy got up and walked out of the auditorium.  Barbie asked Mandy to save her seat while she went to the dressing room to change out of her costume.  “I’ll be right back,” she said, briskly springing from the bench.  At the bottom of the bleachers she paused for an instant to gain her composure as she plucked off the remaining set of false lashes from her other eye and tossed it on the floor.  Then with long-legged, lighter-than-air grace, she took flight once again, whisking her hands through her hair in a sort of hot-cat manner, a “I am sexier than Kim Basinger in 9 ½ Weeks way.”
As she glided out of the auditorium door, biting her lower lip the way Kim does in all her movies, she nonchalantly surveyed the quad for the mysterious guy, but he had vanished.  She paused in her step, momentarily distraught.  All thoughts of movies and romance decomposed in her mind and she floated in sudden melancholy down the quad like a strip of severed black tape, a scene cut from a movie reel, drifting along with the summer wind.
“Excuse me.” Somebody grabbed her wrist from behind.
Startled, she turned around, hoping it was the mysterious boy, but was surprised to see John Prince, the same talent scout who had approached her and Mandy after school.  He had taken off his black overcoat and was now wearing jeans and a light blue t-shirt.  Now that his sunglasses were off, she noticed how attractive he really was with surfer blonde hair, dynamic blue eyes, and square athletic shoulders.  He looked exactly as she imagined Prince Charming would look, but something about him was not quite fairy tale quality, not believable, like a poor imitation that would never get published. Barbie had these thoughts, this recognition of truth, but dismissed them from consciousness due to her habit of sustaining conditioned illusions.  Opting to seek the distorted, biased answers stored in the media catalogue filed in her rubber head, she did not trust her intuition.
The waning sun was hitting him just so that she could not get a sharp focus, but he appeared to have a tan complexion and his voice was oddly deep, forced and masculine.  “I saw you dancing on the stage and you didn’t mess up at all.  Totally rad.”
Barbie looked at the guy curiously, unsure how to respond, finding his choice of language mildly unusual.  She considered his physical appearance again briefly and decided that he definitely was attractive—she was completely certain of that now.  If he asked her out, she should say yes.  All her friends would be envious, except Mandy of course, because she wasn’t particularly jealous in nature—or drawn to fantasy.
He cleared his throat with an exaggerated confidence.  “You never lost your spot on your chaînés turns and your switch leaps were very high.”
Barbie couldn’t help but smile at the compliments, finding it delightfully coincidental that he gave her the exact validation she had sought from Mandy earlier. It was almost as if he had listened to her very words and memorized them.  “Thank you.  It’s so nice to be noticed.”  She was surprised how nice he was being to her now.  Earlier he had seemed slightly uninterested and more in control of himself.  She felt a little sorry for him now.
He adjusted his hair as if wearing a wig, but Barbie didn’t detect this oddity, entranced in her own self-absorption and the music playing in her head.  “Oh, you were noticed,” he responded exuberantly.
“Thank you,” Barbie beamed as she imagined becoming the next Christy Turlington on the cover of Cosmopolitan Magazine.
Just then a group of mothers walked out of the auditorium and looked at Barbie and John Prince.
“All right.”  He turned away quickly, clenching his fists at his sides.  “Be in touch.”
Just as swiftly as he had approached her, so he was gone.
****
The air conditioner was working hard against all the warm bodies now filling the auditorium.  The bleacher seats and the center rows below were crammed with contestants and family members fanning themselves with their paper programs, awaiting the sweepstakes competition followed by the final awards.  When Barbie returned from the dressing room, after having made her way through the crowds back to her seat, she found Mandy engrossed in her math book, working a problem out on a little pad of paper.  “You are so boooooring!” Barbie admonished her cheerily.  “Everybody’s gonna know you’re a geek now!”
“Like I care,” Mandy mumbled, not looking up from her pad of paper.  “There it is—solved!”  She folded the piece of paper into her math book and placed them both in her tote bag next to her feet.  “They’re going to announce sweepstakes anytime now.  You should have stayed in your costume.”
Beaming, Barbie replied, “You think I’ll get chosen to compete in sweepstakes?” The familiar fear rose up in her.
“Honestly, Barbie, this false modesty is getting old.  When have you ever not been chosen to dance in sweepstakes?  If you win sweepstakes, you’ll be on your way to becoming a world class dancer.”
Suddenly, Barbie’s head ached as violent thoughts of not making sweepstakes pounded through her mind.  There was talk that this would be Dance Time Now’s last year to hold their yearly dance competition.  Since she was a child, she had dreamed of winning their sweepstakes.  This would be her last chance.  Also, her dance teachers said talent scouts may attend the competition—if she won sweepstakes, she could be offered a chance to dance in a Madonna or Michael Jackson video.  But more than dancing on MTV, she wanted to be a sexy bar dancer like the movie character, Alex, played by Jennifer Beals in Flashdance.  She loved the exotic costumes Alex wore and the high-tech, glitzy presentations of the live performance.  Oh, and the choreography was exquisite.  Maybe a talent scout could find her a job like that.  Possibly, if she was hired as a bar dancer, she’d be offered a role in a dance movie such as the sequel to Flashdance.  Oh, what a feeling!  She had to win!
Her mind switched channels suddenly when the snack guy pushed his cart of treats along the pathway below the bleachers, jingling his change box as he moved ahead.  The smell of microwave popcorn rushed through her synthetic body, popping against her noggin, causing her self-doubt to become as vivid as HBO’s presentation of Rocky III on channel 20.  She imagined Mr. T knocking her out in the first round before she had a chance to redeem herself.  He was dancing around her, nostrils flared, proud and sweaty.  First an uppercut to her head and then a jab to her stomach, and then the final humiliating blow to the face, throwing her to the floor right before the eyes of all her fans.  Oh, what a disgrace!  The humiliation was too great.  She had to be heavyweight champion of the world and nothing less!  
Barbie had practiced endless hours, perfecting her solo jazz routine in her parent’s ballroom in order to ensure success in her last Dance Time Now competition.  Anything short of winning sweepstakes would be a disappointment, but at the very least, she had to be chosen as one of the five solo routines to compete for the sweepstakes trophy.  For the past ten years, she had consistently been chosen to compete in Dance Time Now’s sweepstakes, but she had never won.  Considering this was her last chance, she had trained with the heated determination of Rocky Balboa.  In fact, Rocky’s raw passion to win had so inspired her that she chose to do her last dance to the theme song from the film, Rocky III.  She would win this year—she had to.
The speaker system switched on with a screech as the announcer proclaimed the sweepstakes contestants chosen from the some five hundred dances that had competed throughout the weekend.  “The five group division routines chosen are, from Tap Division 84, ages eleven/twelve, Jamul Dance Center’s ‘Irish Eyes are Smiling.’”  A group of girls jumped up from their seats in the center rows below the bleachers and screamed in sheer ecstasy.
As the announcer continued reading off the other group dances chosen to compete in sweepstakes, everything seemed muffled and remote to Barbie.  She felt detached from the situation as if she were watching an epic war film on a monstrous movie screen.  To Barbie, the names of the dances chosen echoed through the auditorium like distant explosions from a battlefield across the divide.  The girls’ cheers seemed violent and far-flung as they rushed off to the dressing room like machine gun bullets sprayed in rapid fire for quick changes into their costumes.  The sounds seemed to play out in slow motion as they dilatorily melted into slurred oozing groans.  The reel of movie film, lit with fire from an exploding bomb, began dissipating, emitting white patches that eerily percolated down the clear picture, distorting into something grotesque and oddly surreal, until the screen went blank.  Barbie was consumed with anticipation, desperate to hear the announcement of the solo routines—ready to hear Barbie Monroe explode into reality.
That’s when it happened, the grand explosion, two simultaneous, cataclysmic events—the mysterious guy stepped into her perceived reality, paused for an instant just below the bleachers where Barbie sat, looked up at her, penetrating her soul with his obsidian eyes, and gazed at her fiercely, while at the same moment the announcer proclaimed, “For the solo routines: Jazz Division 502 fourteen/fifteen year olds, ‘Eye of the Tiger’ performed by Barbie Monroe from San Diego Dance Company!”  The audience cheered and Mandy patted Barbie on her thin back with congratulations, but Barbie couldn’t move.  She had been flashed out of physical consciousness by a sudden zap of euphoric lightning, the energy so strong, she could never return to her former state of being.  Puzzled, shocked, and more alive than she had ever been before, her plastic body twitched for a moment.  She covered her face in her hands to hide her emotions which transformed into millions of electrical needles shooting outward from within, creating millions of human pores in her rubbery plastic flesh.
As she came back to her senses, she saw that the mysterious guy was still staring at her fixedly, but from across the room now.  His eyes did not waver.  A chill shot through her body.  His motionless intensity reminded her of a panther on the hunt just before it springs to attack its prey.  Never before had someone looked at her in such a manner.  He seemed inhuman and otherworldly.  His confident uniqueness excited her.
But, then she realized this mysterious guy wasn’t the same boy at all who had saved her in Tijuana.  The boy in Tijuana had eyes as blue as the day while this guy had eyes as black as the night.  She laughed to herself at the mix up.  The more she tried to remember the appearance of the boy from Tijuana, the less she could recall.  This guy was entirely different, yet entirely hot!  He was all she wanted.
That night when Barbie Monroe danced on that stage, everything was different.  The stage lights seemed brighter and hotter overhead, the music pounded louder and with greater intensity.  She wasn’t an amateur, like young Rocky Balboa, training in the streets of Philadelphia anymore, she was the real live “Italian Stallion” with the “eye of the tiger and the thrill of the fight,” ready to knock out all the Clubber Lanes and take the victory all the way to boxers’ heaven.  She was punching and swinging, sprouting wings like the Boxing Barbie Princess of the world.
The audience roared with excitement.  By golly, they even stood up out of their metal seats and wooden benches and started movin’ and groovin’ to the beat.  She was dancing for Mama and her father! Now they would love her.  Her ego was breathing life into her leaps and left hooks, cheering her on, rooting for Boxer Barbie, lighter than life.
CHAPTER 4
When she returned home that night with her shiny first-place sweepstakes trophy propped up beside her on the passenger seat of her white Jeep with pink stripes and pink hubcaps, she was not at all surprised to see that her mother was throwing a grand party at their home.  Even though Barbie was only fourteen and didn’t possess a driver’s license, her parents never noticed that she drove without supervision the Jeep her grandfather bought her. Feeling good, she drove around the guests’ shiny cars that were lined up in formation like soldiers standing at attention while being reviewed by the valet, their commanding officer, on the cement esplanade. She parked in front of the airplane hangar where her father parked his motorhome.
Her parents’ house was round, stacked up in multiple layers like an enormous wedding cake with balconies circling every level.  In fact, on the top of the house perched a massive sculpture of Wedding Doll Cowgirl and Groom Doll Surgeon.  Wedding Doll Cowgirl was poised in a glorious white alabaster gown, a matching western hat with black waves of hair glossing out from beneath, and holding a lasso in seeming motion overhead.  Groom Doll Surgeon, also made of alabaster, was dressed in a black tux with a blue surgical mask, and a scalpel in hand over his head.  The house sat within a great white picket fence on ten acres of flat grassy land with horse stables to the west, dog kennels to the east, a pool in front, and an enormous water fountain with rotating dolphin figurines in the center of a circular driveway before the pool’s gate.
Barbie entered from the side of the house into the kitchen to the sound of laughter and clinking champagne glasses coming from behind the door leading to the living room.  Faintly, in the background Dolly Parton’s song “Apple Jack” was playing on Mama’s pink colored stereo system.  Just then, Mama scuttled into the kitchen across the white marble floor. Her high heels made tink, tink, tink sounds as she scampered past. Her striking dark hair bounced in waves to her rhythm and grace, her round buttocks swung side to side.  She was dressed in a high neck, three-quarter-sleeved, long baby blue satin gown with little pearl buttons from neck to bottom, her tight waist accented by a white velvet sash.
After glancing at Barbie momentarily, Mama reached for a champagne glass overhead from a glass cabinet, blinking her doll-like hazel eyes framed in thick black false lashes as she smiled. Her red glossy collagen injected lips brightened her powdery porcelain face.  “Back so soon?” she almost sang the words in her thick Southern accent.
“Yeah,” Barbie frowned.  “What do you think—the dance contest lasts all night?  It’s for kids, for crying out loud.”  Barbie opened the refrigerator, placing her trophy on the counter.
Mama smiled and fluffed her hair.  “I’m proud you won the competition. Imagine how humiliating it would be if you lost.” She sighed. “You look so pretty, Barbie, but your teeth need work. I made an appointment for you to get veneers. They make for the perfect smile.”
“But they saw away your teeth and put fake caps on.”
She leaned closer and whispered, “Oh, but they make for a perfect white smile. The thicker caps push your lips out giving you that bee sting look.”
Barbie’s stomach rolled. “Okay, Mama.”
“You could use a little more blush on your cheeks before you meet the guests. Why don’ ya get changed into that lacy white gown your grandmother left you, put on a little more makeup and meet some of my friends.  I’ve been talkin’ you up all night.  I told the guests that my younger sister’s in from Louisville.  Speak in a Southern accent.  Why don’ ya, hon?  That’ll really get their goats!  Call me Trudy and then after we get ’em goin’ we’ll lay it on ’em and tell ’em you’re my daughter!”  She was proud of her youthful appearance and was careful to never reveal her true age to anyone, not even to Barbie.  This annoyed Barbie and it was true—occasionally, in a dark room, people did mistake Mama as her older sister.  
“That’s ok.  I’d like to go to bed.”  Something came over her. She took off the cap from the milk container and chugged it down without using a glass.
Pretending not to notice, Mama turned away, checking her appearance in the window reflection over the sink.  “Luisa’s washing the sheets right now so you can’t go to bed.”  She laughed.  “I’ll see you in ten minutes or I’ll tell Juan to put the poodles in your room.”  
“Very funny.  I know you planned the sheet washing thing.”  
The cuckoo clock sounded from the far wall in the adjoining dining room and little Hansel and Gretel dolls circled around a fake ginger bread house with fake white icing on top, singing, “Coo-coo, coo-coo, coo-coo…” nine times. 
Barbie waited for the clock to stop before continuing, “Whatever, I’ll meet your friends.  I wish David was here.”  She knew her mother hated talking about him.
“Don’t we all,” Mama frowned and walked over to the glass cabinet across from the breakfast table that displayed her huge collection of Barbie Dolls from throughout the eras.  She moved her Elizabeth Taylor doll to the center next to Marilyn Monroe.
“He’s probably so lonely and afraid, locked up with all those criminals.”
“Your brother dug his own grave.”  She closed the cabinet.  “Nothing I can do about that.”  She pondered the thought for a moment before quickly switching to her usual distracted irritation.  “Get dressed—now!”  
When Barbie got to her room, she threw her purple sequined purse on the bed mattress below her white canopy that draped overhead and turned on the radio softly to the song, “Mad About You,” by Belinda Carlisle.  The walls of her room were pink and white striped with a white wooden dresser, a vanity stand and chair, and a pink plastic trophy case.
She dragged the chair over to the trophy case, dancing to the music as she walked, and stepped up on the chair, placing the trophy at the top of the case like a gold star atop a Christmas tree with all the other trophies of the past below, glimmering like shiny gold and silver bulbs and tinsel ornaments.  The Sweepstakes trophy shone bright, but it wasn’t enough to satisfy her desires because the mysterious guy had disappeared.
After her dance performance, she thought she saw him for an instant when she was walking through the quad to change back into her street clothes, but then, strangely, he suddenly vanished, leaving behind a clear plastic men’s shoe, size 9.   The trophy didn’t seem right up there way above the world without its soulmate, so she stepped back up the ladder and slid the plastic shoe onto the gold torch that the trophy ballerina goddess held above her head.  Somehow the shoe and the trophy seemed as one and now together they shined brighter than light.  “Twinkle, twinkle…” Barbie thought.  “Starlight, star bright, first star I see tonight…”  
Feeling more content now, she turned down the music and walked over to her bedroom windows, two big hearts with white wooden panes, and drew the white eyelet drapes open.  John Prince was staring through the glass at her!  She screamed hysterically for a moment.  
He seemed as startled as she.  
Then, after realizing this lurking vision was a familiar face and not some Jack the Ripper, she let out a sigh of relief.  
He smiled awkwardly and looked around to see if anyone else had discovered him.  When he realized they were alone, he motioned her to open her window.  
She unlocked one of the panes and raised the window.   Through the screen, with the moonlight behind him, he looked shadowy and ominous, but Mama had often ridiculed Barbie for having an over active imagination to the point of paranoia; so, she mopped the thought away like an absorbent sponge sopping up Clorox from the kitchen floor and then rung out the residue from her rubber head.  
“Well, hello there,” he said in his baritone voice.  A gust of wind blew through his hair, but it did not move.  She could smell his heavy cologne.  It was masculine and musty, seemingly green like Polo by Ralph Lauren.  The leaves from the trees in the forest behind him rustled in the wind; she could hear distant faint laughter and whispers coming from one of the balconies above.  Or, was it coming from the forest?  It bothered her that she couldn’t tell where the sounds were coming from, but his mere presence whisked every other thought from her mind.  
His stiff demeanor in his starched white suit with blue tie that matched his neon eyes caught her attention.  His eyes reminded her of the sky portion of an ocean scene from a paint-by-number set she had as a child.  While the outer edges of his irises were neon blue, the inner parts were baby blue and turquoise swirled in carefully crafted shapes.  Each eye had a squiggle dot in its center that reminded her of birds suspended far off in the distance of the paint-by-number sky.  “What the heck are you doing outside my window?” she demanded.  “You really freaked me out.”
“I, uh, didn’t know this was your window actually.  I’m a guest at the party.  Is this your, uh, parents’ house?”
“Duh!  You’re friends with my stupid parents?”  She was surprised that such a young man would spend time with people her parents’ age.  He is actually very good looking, she observed—perfect in fact.  His cheek bones were high; he had a strong square jaw; his shoulders were broad and rectangular; he had a thin waist and long legs.  Wow!  What a ten!     
“Well, uh, actually, I came with a business friend of mine.”  
“Oh.”  She noticed that the left side of his face looked tanner than the right.  This seemed odd to her, but then she rationalized that it must be an illusion created by the moonlight shining through the trees from the forest.  Oh, how she loved the full moon—mysterious and lurking, depicting deceptions with each illusory glimmer.  “Why were you looking in my window?”
“Actually, I was out on one of the balconies, leaning over and I noticed heart shaped windows.  This intrigued me—totally radical, killer, wow—so I decided to take a walk around to the back of the house and check out the design of the windows from the ground.  I’ve always had a fascination with architecture…”
“Oh.”  
“It’s such an odd design for a window.”
“Ok,” she was getting bored with the conversation.  “You can, like, ask my mother for the designer’s number.”    A door slammed overhead; the distant voices and laughter stopped; the wind ceased.  There was too long of a pause in the conversation.
“Good idea.  Good idea.”  He lingered at the window.
Barbie became noticeably irritated.  “I don’t want to be rude, but I’ve got stuff to do right now or else Mama will sick her huge Standard Poodles on me.”  She laughed at herself.
“Huh?”  He appeared preoccupied with his thoughts.
“Oh, never mind, but maybe I’ll see you later.”  A spark of regret ignited into her system, concerned that maybe her obvious irritation or assertiveness had hurt his feelings.
He jumped back, startled for no apparent reason, and then looked side to side and behind himself again.  “Ok.”  He paused.  “Well!”  He cleared his throat. “Bye for now then.”
“Bye.” She shut the window, feeling uncomfortable and afraid that maybe she had ruined her opportunity of becoming a model through his contacts.  He didn’t even mention the modeling or spreadsheet or anything.  It’s weird though that he was outside my window.  Coincidences like that are so freaky.  Her head began to ache from the thoughts that skidded and burned against her rubber interior.  I don’t really like him much, but I don’t know exactly why.  The aroma of burnt rubber exuding from her head caused her to cough.  He’s kind of odd and his hair seems strangely poofy as if it’s too big for his head.  The thoughts became intolerable, so she rushed to turn up the radio and dress.
Barbie entered the living room dressed in the white lace gown with puffy sleeves that her grandmother from her father’s side of the family had given her before she passed away.  Even with her high heels, the gown dragged lightly on the floor, but she didn’t mind at all.  In fact, the length and flow of the dress reminded her of a wedding gown which she felt was prophetic in a sense, considering she had earlier connected eye-to-eye with her soulmate.  He seemed familiar somehow as if she had seen him before, but she just could not remember where.
Isn’t that the way it is with soulmates though?  They seem like someone you already know because you do know them—because they are you—or they are your other half, that is.  How romantic, she thought.  Stars, meteors, asteroids and all that bright galaxy stuff shot around, lighting up the black abyss of her mind.  Thinking about the mysterious guy lifted her spirits so high that she was hardly bothered by her gown being a little out of style.  Who cares what her stupid parents’ friends think anyhow!
The living room was spacious with pink marble floors; white velvet sofas with matching ottomans lined the white brocade walls.  Though it was summer, Easter music gaily danced out of the box speakers—“Here Comes Peter Cotton Tail”—floating through the room like a strange lullaby on soft white angel clouds—Mama’s pick, most obviously. The ceiling was high, flat, and round which made Barbie feel like she was sitting in the middle of a strawberry wedding cake with white frosting.
In the center of the room, as if inspired from a fairy tale or a child’s dream, was a huge pink glass table exhibiting an odd display of pink appetizers.  There was the remains of Mama’s favorite dish that she called “pigs n’ skirts,” which was now two half eaten pink pigs, still with snouts, each wearing half of a sugary white with pink polka dot skirt and candy loop earrings, eye sockets hollow, yet smiling contentedly on large silver platters in masses of pink dyed candied yams; there were fancy pink cupcakes with white frosting and pink sprinkles; there were mounds of bubble gum ice cream melting in a silver bowl lined in a smoky haze of dried ice; and there were lots of little poodles made out of white chocolate covered cherries with pink cotton candy on their pompom heads, tails, and ankles with little licorice collars.    
Mama approached Barbie almost immediately. “Oh dear,” her mother sighed, shaking her head side to side as she turned Barbie around to look at her dress.
“What’s wrong?” Barbie asked, biting down on her lower lip.
“Your bottom looks too big in this dress.” She turned Barbie to face her. “Never mind. Just angle your body to the side when you are talking to my friends, so they can’t see your rear.”
Her hands perspiring, Barbie nodded.
“Come on,” Mama whispered, leading Barbie across the way. Moments later, she began introducing her to a group of friends.  “Martha, Rich, Huey, I want you to meet my sister, Barb—just flew in from Kentucky.  Ain’t she just the prettiest thing you ever seen?”
The three nodded as Mama continued.  
“Martha and Huey were married last year on the front lawn of the Whitehouse!”  Mama’s eyes widened as she looked at Barbie.  “Huey’s probably the tallest man in congress.  What are you, Hugh?  Six feet six?”
“I’m six four,” he quickly responded in a low, confident voice.
Rich, a tall professional looking man in a blue suit, introduced himself and shook Barbie’s hand.  “It’s a pleasure to meet you.  Your sister throws a lovely party.  You must have had a lot of fun growing up with such a creative woman.”
Barbie couldn’t help but roll her eyes.  “You have no idea,” she responded in a thick Southern accent.
The three laughed.
Huey’s wife, Martha, also a tall woman, shook hands with Barbie.  “It’s very nice to meet you, dear.”
Barbie liked her sand-colored hair, but it was a bit earthy and too short for her round face.  She wondered where she got her tan suit jacket with matching skirt.  It was pretty in a business sort of way.
“Trudy speaks highly of you,” Martha continued.  “Honestly, I’m a bit jealous, as my own sister and I hardly talk.”  She blushed.  “Oops, I guess I’ve had a bit too much to drink.  Well, I am glad to see sisters getting along.  I guess it’s easier to get along when you’re not so close in age.”  She blushed again.  “You’ll have to excuse me.  I don’t know what’s gotten into me.  It must be all the press conferences.  I think I better go to the ladies room for a moment.”  She hurried away.
“Well, kick me in the tulips and call me happy,” Barbie said with a giggle looking at Huey and Rich.  “We get along like two peas in a pod.”  Turning away, she gritted her teeth.
“Well!” Mama said with a laugh.  “Excuse me gentlemen.  I want to introduce my daughter to Mr. Pinkerton.”
“Daughter?” Rich responded.  
Mama laughed and laughed.  “I got you!” She covered her mouth with her hands and looked up at him with her doll eyes.  “This sweet young thing here is my daughter—not my sister!”
Rich and Huey laughed.  Saying things like, “No!  You don’t say!  Is that possible?”   
As the waiter passed by, Barbie grabbed a glass of pink champagne from the tray with one hand while extending her other hand to Mr. Pinkerton, a short, balding pudgy man.  She noticed that Mr. Pinkerton’s hand was fat and milky white with a lot of black furry hair spiraling out from his arms and onto the back of his hand in a gnarled fur patch.  When she noticed his black high arched eyebrows bouncing up and down whenever he said the word, “nicey,” which he said often, she giggled for a moment.  “Oh, it’s so nicey to meet you!”  His eyebrows bounced up and down.  “Nicey, nice, that is!”  He laughed loudly and patted Barbie on the back.    
“Nice to meet you too, Mr. Nice,” Barbie jested in a thick, drawn Southern accent, inwardly congratulating herself on her forwardness.  She then glanced at Mama who splashed her smack hard in the face with those muddy green eyes of hers that to Barbie looked like violent, rapid waters just before the drop to the riverbed.
But Mr. Pinkerton laughed profusely at Barbie’s joke, slapping his thigh with his furry hand over and over, “Nicey, nice!  Nicey nice! Nicey nice!” 
Barbie thought maybe his eyebrows might just fall off—they were bouncing so much.  
“I never met such a beautiful girl.”  He laughed again.  His hand started to shake and his voice quivered just a bit as he straightened his bow tie, “You a college girl, Barbie?”
Some other guests called Mama over to break a tie in their debate concerning patch work quilts.  
 “No, sir.  I’m a Cosmo girl,” Barbie responded, losing the Southern accent now that Mama was gone.  She glanced around the room to see if she could find John Prince.
“A Cosmo girl, eh?”  He scratched the dark curly fringes of hair circling his bald head.
“Yeah, I go to cosmetology school.”
His eyes widened.  “Aren’t you in high school?”
“I took a test to get out early.”
Oh!  Nicey nice!  Maybe I’ll come in and get a scalp massage from you.  I used to get those at the beauty school down the street, but then I became busy-bodied with my cigar business in Montana that I had to give them up.  Boy oh boy, do I miss those nicey girls from that school though.”  He coughed into his palm and shook his head side to side.  “They gave a good rub down.  I was always surprised how those little delicate ivory hands, fine like little china dolls’, smooth like satin, nimble like a summer wind, but with a spike of sassiness (If you know what I mean)…” He winked at her, “…could work a head and shoulders so well.  My, my, nicey nice!”
A tall lanky woman with a long swooping nose walked up.  “Harold!” her voice was high pitched and grating.  “Are you giving this poor girl a hard time?”  She looked at Barbie.  “I’m sorry, honey.  Don’t mind this old pervert.  He means no harm—a sucker for pretty girls is all.”  She looked down her nose at Harold and smacked him with her pocket book on the ear.  
He shrugged apologetically at Barbie and his eyebrows started bouncing even though he wasn’t even talking.  “Well, there then, Barbie.  It was nice meeting you.”  He walked off with his wife to the appetizer table, gazed at the pigs lasciviously and sliced himself a piece of skirt and ham.
Barbie walked out onto the balcony and was looking at the moon over the trees in the forest below, when her father’s partner, Dr. Bradshaw, walked up to her from behind, placing his hand on her shoulder.  “My dear Barbie—you’re looking fine this evening.” 
“Oh, hi.”  She turned around awkwardly.  “How are you, Dr. Bradshaw?”  Her cheeks blushed rose petal pink; her heart fluttered as quick as fairy wings.  She had always had a childish crush on Dr. Bradshaw since first grade.  Never mind that he was middle aged.
“I’m doing just fine, thank you for asking, dear.”  He was of medium height and medium build with a sculpted nose and a smooth tight face.  His warm brown eyes matched his warm brown hair which was neatly trimmed and sprayed in place.  “How is cosmetology school going?”
Barbie liked Dr. Bradshaw because he was friendly with a soothing voice.  “I’m loving it so much,” she responded sarcastically.  “I just learned how to roller set old ladies’ hair!”  They both laughed.  “Have you ever noticed that old ladies often have blue hair?”
He paused for a moment to think.  “Yes!  Oh, yes.  I have actually wondered about that.”
She laughed, “They make us dye their hair blue because their vision has a yellow hue to it from old age and to them the blue tone balances out the yellow making it look to them like their hair is white!”
“Hmm.”  He appeared perplexed.  “Explain that.  Just because I work in the field of beauty doesn’t mean I know about hair dyes.”  He smiled gently at her as he tapped his lips with his finger in interest.
“Well, to get white hair, we normally add a red or yellow base after bleaching or while dying to give a softer more natural look.  Normal vision people can’t see the red or yellow base—it’s just a sort of underlying hue to the white hair.  But, when the old ladies look in the mirror, they see their white hair as red or yellow, and they get so hysterical.  We have to keep adding blue toners to cancel out the red and by the time they’re satisfied, their hair is actually blue!”
“And I suppose they don’t mind because all their old folk friends see their hair as white anyway.”
“Exactly.”
“So, how are your breasts doing?”
Her cheeks reddened. “Oh, they are wonderful,” she whispered.  “You were right—the scars are practically invisible.”
“And the swelling has subsided?”
“Yup—totally.  Even though Mama thinks we should have gone for the smaller size, I feel more comfortable with my body now with the buttocks implants as well.  It was embarrassing having a nearly flat butt. You did such an amazing job.  Just the right lift and roundness. Thank you soooo much!”
“My pleasure.  I aim to please.  Give me a call when you’re ready for that Paulina nose you’ve been waiting for.  Your insurance will cover it if we submit it as a deviated septum.”
Barbie’s father, Dr. Donald Monroe, walked out onto the balcony taking a cigar from his shirt pocket, offering it to his partner.  He was a massive man in good physical shape with a subdued inner intensity like a black leopard watching its prey before attacking.  His eyes were dark; his brows were thick.  Though the plugs weren’t noticeable, he had thick black hair that had been sewed into his forehead to hide his ever-increasing receding hairline.  In the moonlight, one could see the thoughts in his eyes dueling with each other behind the dark lenses—the duel always ended in a cold vast stare as if he had suddenly stepped off a plank into the abyss of an endless black hole.  This irritated Barbie, yet it intrigued her at the same time.  On one hand, she found him exotic and mysterious like a coiled black cobra hiding under a magic carpet which her grandfather told her came from the Arab part of his ancestry, yet at the same time she found him to be snobbish and uptight which her grandmother, who had passed away, told her stemmed from his English ancestry and all the tea and milk he drank from fine china as a child.         
“Don’t mind if I do.”  Dr. Bradshaw took the cigar and placed it between his lips to the side of his mouth.  “I was just talking to your lovely daughter about dating boys,” he mumbled as he tried to balance the cigar in his mouth.  “She says she needs to play the field a little before she marries me.”  He winked at Barbie.
Startled, she giggled and covered her mouth in surprise.
“You have a light?” Dr. Donald Monroe asked his partner.  “Hmm…”  He leaned heavily with his back against the balcony, staring fixedly into the living room through the sliding glass door.  “Is that so?”
Dr. Bradshaw first lit his partner’s cigar and then his own.   “I know it has almost become law these days that young women must play the field before settling down, but I’m an anxious man.”
Plumes of white smoke rose up and hissed ominously in the night air.  “Well then, it would be a relief to have Barbie out of the house. Teenagers and their music can rot a home.” He stared straight ahead, chomping ice in his mind. 
Barbie looked at her father with irritation and retorted, “All I know is that this smoke is making me want to puke.”
Dr. Donald Monroe continued staring straight ahead. “That’s how it is for me when I look at you, daughter.” His voice was low and steady. He looked at his colleague. “I can’t imagine a man of your caliber having a serious interest in a low class beautician.”
“Hey, Don.  I was just playing around.”
“Well then.  That is the kind of man an uneducated beautician gets—a player.”
A lump grew in Barbie’s throat. She he didn’t know what he meant by a “player”.  She had never heard that word used before.  “You think anyone who doesn’t go to college is a loser.”
“I think…” Dr. Bradshaw interjected, putting his hand on Barbie’s shoulder while looking at his partner, “… that you’ve had a little too much to drink, Don.  Lighten up on her.”
Barbie joined in, reprimanding her father, “Well, you should take a look in the mirror before judging.  College is not going to help me become a model or a dancer, so I don’t know why you don’t understand that.  Like I should just waste my time on math problems and English papers when they have nothing to do with my goals! You should be happy that I got a high school degree at only fourteen. Most people would, like, be pleased with a daughter like me.”  Barbie felt that if she didn’t stand up for herself she would die. She was proud and her dignity held her together. Unwanted tears welled in her eyes as she stormed past him, slamming the sliding glass door behind her.  The train of her gown caught in the door, causing her to trip and fall on her hands upon the pink marble floor.
Embarrassed, Mama ran over and pulled her daughter’s gown from the door, ripping the hem.  As Barbie got up from the floor, her eyes wide and violent like two silver pin balls ready to pop out and shoot the jackpot, Mama hollered out in exaggerated cheer to cover her embarrassment, “Well, I dee—clare!  Although this here floor is sparklin’ clean, you shan’t eat off it!  Get yourself to bed now, Hon.”
“Just leave me alone,” Barbie retorted in a subdued rage, her head ringing.  “Why can’t you just love me for who I am?”
“You sure are actin’ like a tramp,” Mama clenched her teeth, but held a fake painted smile like a marionette as she whispered to her in that country growl she uses with her dogs to reprimand them, “Now get yourself to bed, or else!”	     
“Or else what?  You’ll kick me out again?”
“Barbie Dancer, I am going to count to three and if you don’t get yourself out of this room, I’m going to whip you with a belt bare butted in front of all these people.”  
Barbie noticed her mother’s eyes glazing over and beads of sweat forming on her nose.  The image of her mother beating her in front of all the guests seemed somehow oddly humorous, but though it was funny to her, the threat and humiliation provoked her anger to kick and scream internally in circus flips of rage.  She scanned the room as if searching for some sort of epiphany to calm herself, looking around at all the guests who were pretending not to notice the situation, eating “pigs n’ skirts,” drinking pink champagne and chewing bubble gum in their little social huddles.
The scene reminded her of the time when she was six looking down from a Ferris wheel at all the smiling people below stuffing their mouths with cotton candy and lollipops and how at the time, she wondered what they were so happy about.  The memory coupled with the setting of the party evoked a small sarcastic laugh to shoot out from the back of her throat as she considered the absurdity of Mama’s parties.  And without further thought, she blurted out, “I hate ‘pigs n’ skirts,’” and then walked gracefully out of the room.
CHAPTER 5
One might consider it surprising that a young woman carved in the image of a plastic doll would bear extreme emotions.  It would be expected that a doll-like being would be empty and void of anything, but that was not the case with Barbie Monroe.  She had sparks so hot inside that she exploded at nearly every opportunity with every sort of intense feeling imaginable.
Barbie Monroe was extreme.  
She was like all the dramatic theme songs in every movie she had ever seen bellowing out all at once and then solidified into one human emotional form.  Just as Christians and Jews believe that man was created in the image of God, she was created, or at least formed after creation, in the image of her god.  Who was her god?  Well, Mass Media, of course—the conditioner of the masses, the idol of the oblivious sheep, herded into Barbie belief-world.  Unconscious to this, yes she was, just as most girls are. When a child is raised by mass media, the result is that she becomes mass media.  Barbie was all of her favorite movies, fashion magazines, television shows, books and music video songs.  Her beliefs, hopes and dreams were structured by mass media.  She was a product of movie, television, music, fairy tale propaganda and she had no idea because it permeated her senses from every billboard, magazine to the silver screen—it stood up and breathed, “worship me and you will be worshiped.”  Idolatry is as much in vogue now as it was in ancient Egypt, only now more cunning.
Barbie flounced up the stairs to her bedroom, enraged that Mama had banished her from the party.  She threw herself onto the bed.  After a moment, her eyes deadened from the tears that welled up again momentarily and then stagnated like cold still ponds.  She lay motionless in the intensity of her thoughts—silent. The canopy above her head fluttered in the night breeze.  The curtains were drawn from the heart-shaped windows, now two black beating tunnels of wind and darkness.
It was raining.
The thud, thud, thud sounds echoed in Barbie’s mind.  She hated her father for humiliating her in front of Dr. Bradshaw.  She hated her father for not understanding her dreams.  She hated her father for not loving her.  Lately just the sight of her father and Mama made her want to knock their Wedding Doll Cowgirl and Groom Doll Surgeon statues off the roof and grind them up into pixie dust.  Oh, that would crush them.  Skirting across her mind in ripples and waves, she had a vague feeling that they loved everything fake, plastic, metal, diamond, or material more than they loved her.  Their parties sickened her into the confusion and chaos of her mind that was all stuffed up, sticky, and fuzzy with cotton candy and “pigs n’ skirts”.  She hardly knew what she thought about anything as her thoughts were on a million channels and the reception was dotted with black and white snow static.  No wonder her feelings were like sugar ladders suspended in midair, directed neither up nor down.  All she could do was climb and fall into some random cloud, through the illusory white mist that appeared so substantial to the ignorant perception.  
Barbie Monroe was sad.  
And the anguish thickened into a mental warm, sweet blood that soaked into the white sheets as she lay pained under her canopy.  Had anyone been around to see her, she would have pretended to be angry or indignant, strong and full of herself, but now that she was alone and detached from coherent thought, a deep, helpless melancholy settled above her in a web, ensnaring her as she struggled despondently to free herself as the sticky cocoon grew tighter and the spider sucked the life blood from her essence.  At these moments, she wondered if her parents would care if she died.  She yearned for them to love her almost as much as she desired to live, which pushed her to fantasize, though not seriously, about suicide—anything to make them see what pain they had inflicted upon her in these past eighteen years of her life.  Oh they are so unfair!  She hated herself for thinking in darkness.  She hated them.  
A clear mask of escapism drew over her face then as she began searching through the video shelves of her mind for a movie character to emulate, a technique she used often to draw into the screen world of fantasy and fancy to avoid reality.  Again, tonight she would become Jennifer Beals’ character, Alex, from her favorite film, Flashdance.  A great choice!  Perfect!             
Often when Barbie was caught in a web of mental torment, she would go into her parents’ ballroom and perform one of the dance routines from Flashdance, to elevate her mood.  When she was in ninth grade, a bubbling babe, full of fanciful ideas with gum drops in her pockets, after Flashdance had been released to video, she studied the dance performances over and over again until she was red eyed and dizzy, stopping and starting the VCR, until she learned each routine.  As she grew older, still enamored by the film, she added some of her own original choreography to each of the routines to give forth a unique flare, but still included much of the original choreography.  
The movement…  The rhythm…  The sound…  The gates of illumination which often released her from her plastic, physical casing whenever she moved in beat and chime to music, elevated her to some crazy place she couldn’t explain, releasing her during those kicks and twirls from the clutches of the coarse, physical world of chaos.  Anticipating this euphoric state brought forth through the music and the movement, produced a rush of hope that twitched in her clouded despairing mind.  The past residues of pain and confusion would dissipate, she mused, into the flash of the song, “He’s a Dream,” by Shandi and then fade into white nothing.  All these thoughts she had and didn’t have as her mind was never actually clear nor aware with all the commercial breaks and magazine adds flipping in and out of her plastic head.  And she was hardly aware of all this in a conscious sense.  She simply liked to dance and the feeling was so great that sometimes her awareness heightened for an instant.  Suddenly confused, she quickly changed into her costume.  
She desperately hoped that once she was on that dance floor, fully in character, emulating Alex, her parents would fall like rain from the cold sky of her mind out of her consciousness.  The music had the capacity—it did…it had to!—to spin her way, way up into the fluffy clouds and blow her into an electrical lightning storm of bliss and rinse.
Dressed in her sequined, stitched Zoot suit, she walked into the ballroom crunching her hair in her hands, trying to get a wavy fluff like Alex’s hair.  It was dark in the room like her mood, so she felt around for the light switches to lift out of her pain.  Goosebumps rose on her back as she flipped on the lights to the massive crystal chandeliers hanging from the ceiling like millions of glimmering stars.  She was always impressed with the grandeur of this enormous room, with the creamy marbled floor which made her feel as if she were standing upon the great moon as she gazed out into a galaxy of promise and high ceilings. 
The splendor of the room made her feel magical and optimistic as if she was Cinderella on the night of her ball.  At last, she would dance in the arms of her one and only Prince Charming.  But tonight she wasn’t going to be Cinderella.  She was going to be Alex, Alex, Alex…  
As she searched amongst the boxes in the storage closet, gathering her props, she concentrated on getting into character.  Alex was a tough young woman living in a warehouse in Pittsburg who worked by day as a welder and by night as an exotic dancer.  While Barbie imagined the arduous life Alex was living as a welder and how desperately Alex longed to be a professional ballet dancer, she began to become consumed with her pain and desires deeply until the point at which she became fully immersed into the character.  
Now, as Alex, Barbie arranged the props on the marbled stage, dimming the front lights where she would dance, giving her body a shadowy, dark appearance and lighting the back wall so bright and so white that it looked like a great full moon.  She turned on the high-end Denon surround sound stereo.  
Suddenly, the sultry, choppy rhythm of “He’s a Dream” engulfed her like a chaotic wind as she fought through various sharp poses in dark shadow against the white moonlight, battling the universe in her Zoot suit and high heels.  The stiffness of her positions contrasted with the white backlight, which gave the illusion that she was only a shadow of reality.  It reminded Barbie of a mime she saw in the park one late evening as a child.  She remembered how he seemed so stiff and animated, yet so empty and void of thought or feeling.  She became this mime.
She struck hard black facades—stiff and sure of herself.  
Then, as the lyrics of the song cut in, she thought of the mysterious guy at the dance contest and how the song reminded her of him: 
He doesn’t mean a thing to me, just another pretty face to see
He’s all over town, knocking em down, honey

She dramatically ripped off her Zoot suit which had only been pieced together by Velcro and tossed it across the room.
I’d never let him next to me

Now, she was dressed only in a shiny red mini-dress as she strutted upon the stage and threw her arms back sharply, arching her back across a chair, making love to it.
Oh he’s the kind of guy who thinks he’s smart
He’s the kind of guy that always looks the part
He’s on the make, it’s undertake, honey
An’ I never let him touch my heart

She slid down the chair, thinking of the mysterious guy and spun into a triple pirouette as the music sped up into the first orgasm at the point of the chorus.  
Right now, ask me if I care,
Look, oh it’s coming closer, oh I’ll  swear
He’s got to be the toughest guy I’ve ever seen
I can’t believe he’s lookin’ at me

He’s a dream

She moved around the stage in jerks and twitches, throwing her arms out this way and that in ecstasy.  Then the music slowed to a languid, sultry snap as she slithered breathlessly on the floor, begging for more.  Her back arched as she popped open the snaps to the front of her dress, disrobing herself.
He didn’t mean to catch my eye,
Well he’s lucky, he just walked on by

She tossed her dress across the floor—now clad only in a g-string negligee and high heels.
‘Cos he hasn’t met a girl like me, are you kiddin’
Well, I’ll tell him that I’d rather die

She arched all the way back onto the chair and pulled a cord attached to her negligee as it lit into hundreds of little, erotic lights.  Her high heels lit up as her long, tan legs spread.  She pulled a cord from above her head and strobe lights zapped strings of silver light on her from all directions as streamers of silver tinsel fell from above.  She quivered in electricity.
Right now, ask me if I care,
Look, oh it’s coming closer, oh I’ll swear
He’s got to be the toughest guy I’ve ever seen
I can’t believe he’s lookin’ at me

He’s a dream

She pounded her fists on the chair fervidly and punched the air before her in rhythm.

He’s a a a (he’s a dream)

She could hardly breathe—she was so lit with the intensity of the music.

(He’s a dream) tonight (he’s a dream) oh I know
(He’s a dream) Ok (well he’s a dream)

Rolling her head in circles, she spun across the stage, shaking her electric body to the climactic music as the chorus panted and panted to exhaustion.  
Never mind that she had never had an orgasm in real life nor did she even know what one was exactly.  All she knew was this was the kind of dance that people want.  It was the kind of dance that makes girls famous.  It was the kind of dance that little girls dream of performing as they watch their manufactured dancing goddesses pump and grind on the silver screen for the world to watch and yearn to become.  These thoughts were all that mattered.  She was being molded into the American dream and she loved it!
Spent, she flopped onto the chair in silence, breathing heavy, feeling thoroughly satisfied with her self-expression, wishing for an audience.  She remembered back to her thirteenth birthday party when she got her first Flashdance sweatshirt that was worn off to the side exposing one shoulder.  Those were so popular.  Everybody started wearing them—but I was the first to wear one at my school!   The memory ignited a joy so light she nearly floated out of her seat in nostalgia.  I remember Mandy wasn’t even allowed to see the movie because it was rated R!  But of course, she saw it on video at my house.  She never could perform the dances as well as me though.  For some reason, she’s just not that coordinated.
Suddenly, she felt deeply sorry for Mandy, but then an unexplainable feeling of regret swept over her being, overpowering the previous thought, detaching from it completely, and now she felt somehow dirty like she had just done something awful.  But she could not fathom what that could be.  It was the sort of feeling a woman has after a one night stand or the feeling a little girl has after she has been molested.  All she had done was dance the dance that every girl dreams of dancing.    
CHAPTER 6
Magic lanterns hold every human’s wishes.  Apply friction and pressure against a lantern and a supernatural creature will appear granting one’s biddings whenever summoned.  Humans were imparted freewill to seek that which they desire, but they must be cautious with their wishes, recognizing and acknowledging the laws of nature.  If one pursues a wish which conflicts with natural laws, an explosion will occur.  Light a match in a well contained fireplace and warmth and harmony will ensue, but light a match to a barrel of gasoline and it will detonate.
Tonight was the night for Barbie’s rubber mind to begin stretching into the initial stages of the expansion process, thus gradually becoming more authentic.  Barbie was like Pinocchio in that she wasn’t a real human being.  She was not fulfilling her true purpose on the planet Earth.  Just as Pinocchio was a carved wooden doll created by a mere mortal, Barbie Monroe was a synthetic mold of modern day media.  
As Pinocchio’s nose grew when he told lies, so Barbie’s nose grew as she lived lies.  Already she had reconstructive surgery on her nose three times and was now considering a fourth operation as her nose continued to gradually elongate.  It was a subtle growth that sort of crept up over time, not obnoxious or unattractive in any sense, but simply not a tiny “button” nose as was characteristic of most Barbie Dolls.  She was very diligent about her surgeries so to keep her attractive appearance.  
From time to time, her nose elongation process caused her to ponder why she was different than other girls who had normal noses that did not noticeably grow.  If it were not for her nose, she would have never considered most philosophical ideas on any level.  Her nose gave her an inkling of depth and a lot of insecurity.  Why does my nose grow faster than other people’s noses?  After a little research into The Encyclopedia of Noses, she discovered that everyone’s noses and ears continue to grow throughout their lives and that was why old people have big noses and ears.  This caused a certain discomfort because if she were not able to receiver her regular nose surgeries, her nose could become five feet long by the time she reached ninety.  Thank goodness for plastic surgeons!   
On those rare moments, when she became almost philosophical, she actually wondered, Why would God make my nose grow faster than other people’s?  He must want me to smell more flowers!  This conclusion did not fully satisfy her and although she accepted the idea during the daytime, during the nighttime, her dream world would repetitively crush the idea.  Sometimes she would dream that when she would walk past a flower patch sniffing as hard as she could, all the flowers would die emitting a terrible sewage stink.  In other dreams, she was merely a flower shadow, black without physical substance and with no nose at all.  And in her most horrifying dreams, her nose was turned inside out and all the flowers were screaming at her, “Wake up you fool and smell the roses!”  This dream really confused her, so she started taking sleeping pills every night and all her dreams disappeared.
The difference between Barbie and Pinocchio was that Pinocchio was well aware of his wooden status and consciously yearned to become a real boy.  Barbie, on the other hand, was not aware that she was plastic and not a real human being.  Barbie considered herself nearly perfect in her present state of being and had the laws of nature not forced her down the evolutionary path, she would have contentedly remained the same.
Tonight Barbie and Mandy were going to a popular young adult bar, El Figurado, in Tijuana where many of the young people from their high school and surrounding high schools gallivanted on Saturday nights.  Because Mexico’s drinking age was eighteen, Tijuana was the place of choice for socializing and mingling with the opposite sex.  It was an arena of lavish drinking, dancing, fighting, and reckless abandonment—a place to jump-start into the holiness and purity of adulthood. Because they were underage, Barbie had fake ids for both her and Mandy. 
 Barbie was getting ready for the night with Mandy.  Mandy wasn’t as enthusiastic about going to the club as she was.  The only reason Mandy agreed to go was because Barbie told her if she went she would go with her to watch a math competition next week.  Mandy was a bit sheltered, so to speak, and wasn’t the type to rollick in Tijuana.  Although Barbie was rather naive and innocent herself, she had a secret burning curiosity for adventure.  One might call this curiosity a strong evil inclination that she rarely acknowledged and rarely showed to the world.  Evil inclinations certainly aren’t befitting for Barbie Dolls.  Mandy, on the other hand, was the epitome of the proverbial good girl, spending most of her time studying for her first semester in college, riding horses, practicing gymnastics, or babysitting.  Her parents exercised such foresight and thoughtfulness in raising their daughter that she was not permitted to date without their permission and then only after meeting the boy and his parents.  
Barbie convinced Mandy into allowing her to give her a full makeover.  Of course she wasn’t keen to the idea, but after much coaxing, she succumbed.  They were both lying across Barbie’s bed on their stomachs, flipping through fashion magazines, searching for a hairstyle that would look sexy on Mandy when Barbie disclosed that tonight was the night they were going to both find true love.
Weary of looking at the magazines, Mandy rolled onto her back and sighed in boredom, “How do you know tonight is the night?”
“I like heard on KRZ San Diego that tonight was the night for true love and romance.”
Rolling her eyes, Mandy turned back to the magazine.  “What are you talking about?”  She feigned annoyance to conceal the fact that she was most definitely interested, if not merely for the purpose of teasing Barbie.  “You believe the radio?”
“Here, I’ll play it for you.” Enthusiastically, Barbie walked over to her nightstand, checking her face in the mirror before she started rummaging through the drawer.
“You taped it?” Mandy quickly covered her mouth with her hand to hide the smirk twisting and contorting beneath.
“I wanted to tape that song, “Love Bites” by Def Leopard, so I left a tape recording in the stereo in case they played it.  They didn’t play it, but I recorded the announcement instead.”  She inserted the tape in her pink stereo that was sitting on her dresser to the side of the dresser mirror and pressed the rewind button, stopping and starting it to find the right spot.  “The DJ says it just after ‘Like a Virgin.’  Here it is.  Listen.”  
The tail end of Madonna’s “Like a Virgin” played and faded into Marco Maniac’s crazed voice, “Hey, little sisters,” Marco howled, “…get ready for a rockin’ good time in Tijuana tonight because the Good Fairy is makin’ love happen at El Figurado.  Be there or be square.  I’m guaranteeing that tonight is the night for glass slippers and all that magic wand junk…” 
Mandy started laughing hysterically, slapping the pink pillows on Barbie’s pink bed, kicking her shoes off, and banging her head against the mattress.  
Watching Mandy through the reflection of the dresser mirror, Barbie was dumbfounded.  Mandy’s excessive laughter and head flopping struck Barbie as inordinately humorous.  The reflection upon the mirror zapped Barbie, sharply, like a flash of lightning striking the mirror, breaking its reflection into a million mirrored pieces of silly smiles and knee slaps, causing her to join into the laughter as if she were Mandy’s very reflection, simply one of the reflected pieces.  Now a mirrored image to Mandy’s cachinnation, Barbie was unduly laughing too, but at Mandy, and could not stop either.  Barbie took the opportunity to dance around the bedroom wrapping a feather boa around her neck, prancing and springing into long-legged hitch kicks, in hysterical fits of laughter.  
“I can’t believe you fall for that crap!”  Mandy broke into a zany run toward the bedroom door, tapped it, and circled back in one swish of movement, gaining momentum as she jumped onto the bed throwing a front flip through the air landing on her feet and bouncing off the mattress in laughter.  “I just love you so much—you are pure entertainment!”
“I’m entertainment?”  Barbie affected a Southern accent, “Why, I deeee—clare…  You are the entertainment!  Whoopee!  You sure are lucky my canopy is in the wash or your feet would have been chopped off.”
“Ok, ok,” Mandy was breathing heavily, trying to catch her breath.  “We need to get ready if we’re going to make it to Cinderella’s stinky Tijuana ball on time.”
“Stinky?!  Are you calling Mexico stinky?  Aren’t you 1/4th Mexican?  You traitor!”  
“Yeah, well, whatever.  Viva Mejico!  I’m allowed to call my own country whatever I want.  Stinky or sweet—it’s just not the place I imagined finding true love—at least not at a bar.”
“Sit!”  Barbie pulled out the swivel seat from her vanity stand.
“Ok, I’m not your dog.”  
“You’re my slave.  Now sit so I can work my ‘bibbity bobbity boo’ on you.  Hey, that rhymes!”
Mandy sat in the chair while Barbie contemplated her magic at hand.  Grabbing a magazine off the bed, Barbie ripped a cigarette advertisement of an erotic woman with large breasts, wearing angel wings and a halo, smoking a cigarette, and set it on the vanity stand for reference.  Mandy picked up the advertisement and gasped, “No way!”
Barbie seized the sheet from her.  “It’s just for inspiration.  Don’t worry, dork.  You couldn’t look that good even if you had a real fairy godmother.”
“Very funny,” Mandy retorted sarcastically.      
“Don’t move while I warm up.”
“I know…I know…”  She was all too familiar with Barbie’s procedure.
Barbie stretched her arms in the air, tilting her head up fixedly as if looking intensely through a crack in the ceiling.  She yelled exuberantly, jerking her hands to the rhythm of her declaration, “Barbie power NOW!”  White and pink fairy dust whooshed down from the ceiling and circled the room in a mini-tornado, then dissipated.  She jumped into the right side splits and quickly switched to the left side splits.  Her hands shot out to the sides, fingers spread in jazz hands, fluttering like rabid butterflies.  “‘I’m making a list and checking it twice.  Gonna find out who’s naughty and nice.’”  Her mind fluttered up and down her mental list as she jumped back up to standing position at the vanity stand.  Now twirling her makeup brushes and lip liners in superhuman speed like a ninja makeup artist, she painted her face nice.  Gaining super-superhuman speed, she set Mandy’s hair in hot rollers, fluffed it full and sprayed it twice.  “Whallop anew!”  She spun Mandy around to the mirror for a quick look. 
Mandy seemed uncomfortable.  “You know, my parents are going to kill me if they find out that I went to Tijuana without parental supervision.”
“Quiet!  You’re breaking my concentration.”  She wanted to hold on to Mandy’s true innocence while hinting at the subtle naughty girl fantasy, so she dressed her in a short-sleeved, white, cotton blouse with a pink lace collar, a frilly, pink lace mini-skirt, white tights, and white ballerina style shoes.  
“They won’t find out,” Barbie laughed as if Mandy was being completely paranoid.  “I’m not going to tell them.  Are you?”
  “Of course not, but somehow they always know when I’ve done something wrong.”
Barbie led her creation to the full-length mirror in her bedroom and said with gaiety, “You look as yummy as a cupcake!”
“Oh, my,” Mandy stared into the mirror for quite some time.  “I can’t go like this.  This isn’t me.  Barbie, what did you do to me?”
“You do this every time and after a while you get used to the new look and grow to like it, so just give it some time to sink in while I’m getting ready.”  Right then the ballet slipper phone rang to the rhythm of the Nutcracker.  
Mandy protested, “Why do you always choose stupid ballet music for your phone?”  
Barbie quickly answered the phone, “Barbie’s Ballet…”
“Barbie!” Mandy interjected.  “Why do I always let you do this to me?” She was referring to her makeover.  Appearing disoriented and confused, Mandy plopped on the bed in exasperation.
“Uh, hello, Barbie?”  It was a man on the line.
“Yes,” Barbie hesitated surprised that an older man was calling her.
“It’s John Prince.”
“Oh, hi!  I didn’t recognize your voice.  It was so weird—for a second I thought you were an older man.”
He laughed and laughed until Barbie became irritated.  “So, how are you?”
“Just dandy.  Just dandy.  Like a surfer on a wave flying high.  Well, I wanted to invite you to do a test shoot.”
Barbie giggled putting her hand over the mouth piece of the phone and whispered to Mandy, “It’s that modeling photographer I told you about.”
Mandy ignored her, still frustrated that she looked like a sexy cupcake.
“I’d love to come for a test shoot.  When do you want to do it?”
“Well, let’s meet tomorrow evening, say 6:00?  We’ll meet at Sunrise Hotel in Mission Valley, room 402.”  He was talking so fast.  “I’m using a room there while my studio is under renovations.  It’s very chic.  I have the lighting set up just so with some killer backdrops.  You’ll land a top agent immediately with these backdrops and your hot look, but I need to do some test shots first to shop you around a bit to test the waters if you know what I mean.”
“Ok!  6:00 it is!  Bye-bye!”  
“Wait!  You still there?”
“Oh, yes.  I’m here.”
“Bring a couple bathing suits, something formal in a solid color, some solid casuals, and accessories galore.  Ciao!”
“Great!  Bye-bye!”
Mandy rolled over on her side looking at Barbie, “Congratulations,” she said sarcastically.  “He wants to take pictures of you?”
“Yes!  Why are you acting like such a jerk?  You don’t have to wear that outfit if you don’t want to, but I just think....”
“Like you said, I’ll just marinade in it while you’re getting ready and then we’ll decide.”    
For Barbie, dress up was like a religion, a way of emulating the Creator of the universe.  She could mold an entirely new human race out of puffs and sashes or even dust and ashes (which also could work well as an eye shadow and eyeliner if need be).  Straight to fluffy.  Drab to sassy.  Nice to naughty.  Give her a curling iron and a powder puff and the energies of the universe would flow through her.  She was like a master magician, a genie in a lamp.  Rub the lamp and she’d transform anyone’s cosmetic desires into reality.  A producer of impostors.  A miraculous mask maker.  A costume collaborator.  
A natural brunette, Barbie enjoyed being Barbie-blonde because of the extra attention she received.  The bleaching process dried out her hair follicles, but with expensive de-frizzing gels and waxes, she was able to achieve a silky natural look.  She decided to keep her hairstyle simple that night, so she blew it dry and left it straight with it parted on the side.  It was one length and the ends bluntly hit her mid-back.  She didn’t mind the challenge of having to touch up the roots every two weeks to give the illusion that she was a natural blonde, because the payoff was so worth it.
She knew who she wanted to be that night.  There was no doubt in her mind that she had to be Marilyn Monroe.  That’s why she had bleached her hair platinum blonde in the first place!  For the past month she had become obsessed with Marilyn Monroe after renting one of her staring videos, The Prince and the Showgirl.  Barbie had fallen in love with the sexy, childish showgirl, Elsie Marina, with her playful, ditsy demeanor.  She loved how Elsie appeared naive and empty-headed, yet in truth she was more intelligent than her stuffy, arrogant counterpart, His Highness Grand Duke Charles, played by Lawrence Olivier.  Barbie had been practicing emulating Elsie Marina every chance she got.  She would try to imitate her high-pitched childlike voice in the shower, or while speaking with sales clerks at the mall, and even at the dance studio where she taught tap and ballet to five year olds.   
She would wag her finger in front of the little five year olds’ faces in a drunken, playful manner like Elsie Marina, saying, “Naughty, naughty little girls—your leaps are too low.”  Then she’d spin around and giggle gaily, delighted with her performance.  The girls thought she was so much fun which encouraged her more.   
Tonight would be a perfect night to dazzle the nightclub with a full out performance.  But she knew she must not be too obvious in her imitation of Marilyn Monroe because she didn’t want to reveal herself as a wanna-be-Marilyn.  That’s why she wore her hair straight and long instead of in curls and a bun like Elsie.  She also didn’t want to come across as trying too hard by dressing in a long white evening gown like Elsie had, so she decided to go for the sexy subtle and dress slightly conservative with a hint of suggestion.  She dressed in her khaki calf-length skirt with sling-back low pumps and a simple white French cuffed shirt.
After she dressed, Mandy sat up on the bed and said indignantly, “Barbie, I can’t go to the bar looking like a fairy-ballerina while everything you’re wearing looks plain like…” she paused searching for the right words, “…oh, I don’t know—plain like a paper lunch bag.  I’m not going to wear this.’  She started to unzip the pink, lacy mini-skirt.
“Wait,” Barbie pleaded, “Nothing is plain about me with this platinum blonde hair, but to make you happy, I’ll just put on something more fun.  Tonight is like gonna be the night of our lives and we like wanna have a blast and look like it.  Don’t take off the skirt.”  She went to the closet and pulled out a just above the knee, lavender, satin skirt with side and back pockets.  “How about this?” she asked smiling.
“Fine,” Mandy responded in an irritated manner, “If you wear that with a less conservative top, I’ll go like this.”  She then cracked a smile which gave Barbie the impression that she was satisfied with her choice.  
So, she dressed in the skirt, changed into a beaded white cami with lace trim at the neckline and slipped on a pair of lavender, strappy, low pumps.  She put on a pair of beaded earrings and a matching choker.  This outfit is a little racier but, still not too gaudy.  I guess.  Frosted lipstick was the final touch.  No guy can resist frosted lipstick because it reminds them of James Bond girls skiing through the snow all frosty and cool in their white winter coats with fur trimmed hoods.  A subtle hint can suggest an entire fantasy—it’s like a subliminal message that the movie queen of the world has just arrived.
CHAPTER 7
It was a time for childish laughter, wonder and excitement.  Untouched women are open hearts, raw and yearning, crying out to their gods begging to be filled with secret mysteries and sharp cutting ecstasies.  These hearts are separate entities, oblivious to predators, served fresh and uncovered, still beating.  The Food and Drug Administration only employs laws to protect the consumer, not the product.   Before slaughter, the products are fed intravenously through brain washing techniques of mass media and advertisement.  They are marinated in sweet smelling perfumes and decorated in sparkly paints.  After they are primped and conditioned, their chests are sliced open and their hearts are packaged in colorful wrappers and placed on grocery store shelves for sale.  They yearn to be purchased, to be consumed; they yearn to have all of their promises fulfilled.  Who is to blame?  The heart?  The butcher?  The consumer?    Which is which?
After paying a five-dollar parking fee, Barbie parked her Jeep on the American side of the border.  The windows were down and she could hear the gravel crunching under the tires as the warm air blew through her hair.  Although it was summer and the nights were warm, Mandy was always getting cold, so she tied a white boyfriend-cardigan with pink pearl buttons over her shoulders.  Barbie didn’t want to be inconvenienced throughout the night with having to carry around a jacket, nor did she want to detract from her appearance by having to tie a sweater around her waist while dancing, so she didn’t bother with a jacket.  If she got cold later maybe some guy would let her borrow his jacket.  Furthermore, the girls had to walk a considerable distance before reaching the bar; consequently, Barbie did not want to have to carry more than she had to.    
Because the parking lot was on a hill, the girls had to walk down a rocky dirt path to get to the stairwell that led to the other side of the border.  The lot was dim and eerie with only one flickering lamp.  The dirt path was dark, but Mandy used her mini-flashlight that was attached to her house keys.  Mandy typically carried all sorts of gadgets that her parents had given her over the years because they were into camping and hiking.  
There were three Navy men at the bottom of the hill furtively drinking beers which they were trying to hide under their shirts.  “Hey, where you girls going?” one of them asked.  He was a hulking man with a military haircut. 
Barbie giggled and brushed her fingers through her hair as she and Mandy walked past, “We’re going to…” Mandy pulled at her arm and gave her a look of disapproval.
“We’re meeting some friends,” Mandy interjected. 
“Want some company?” he asked.
“No thanks,” Mandy responded nervously.
“Come on.  We can share a cab,” he pleaded.
Barbie whispered to Mandy, “I know they’re Navy guys, but we could save some money on the ride over.”
“Gross!” Mandy said.  “There is no way I am going to hang out with military men.  Everybody knows they’re perverts.”  
“Oh, that’s true.  If anyone saw us with them, they’d think we were pathetic and desperate.”  Barbie turned to them, saluted, and then curtsied as she giggled.  “I’m soooooo sorry, little boys, that we can’t help you tonight.  We’ve got plans with…” she moved her shoulders side to side in rhythm and pushed her chin out like Marilyn getting ready to blow a kiss, “…some big big boys and …” her voice raised a notch, “…there won’t be room for all of us.”  Her eyes widened blankly.
Mandy slapped her on the shoulder.  “What are you doing?  Let’s go!”  She pulled her ahead.     
Barbie genuinely felt sorry for the men and was worried that she and Mandy might have hurt their feelings or caused them to feel insecure.  “Sorry,” Barbie yelled sympathetically to the men as she looked back over her shoulder.  The hulking man was grabbing at his heart as if he were wounded in love while the other two men moaned and said that the girls were breaking their hearts and that they could show them what true love really was, as well as and several other comments that blended into the night. 
  The stairwell was well lit when they got to it, but it smelled of urine and vomit.   They walked up several flights, crossed a walkway bridge and headed down another flight of stairs.  Once at the bottom of the stairs, they were officially in Mexico, so they walked awhile and entered the taxi lot.       
  “Hola blondie, donde vamos?” A fast talking Mexican man asked as he approached them.  “Where we going?” 
The lot was full of taxis and there was a group of young Americans crowding into a cab next to the man who approached them.  “How much to Revolution?” Mandy asked.
“I take you ten dollars,” He said waving them toward the cab.
Mandy responded indignantly, “Ten dollars!  Are you crazy?”  She was accustomed to bargaining with Mexicans and enjoyed the game.  
“Ok, eight dollars,” he said pulling her arm toward the car.
Mandy pulled back and said, “Five dollars.  We’ll go for five dollars.”
“Five, bueno.  Ok let’s go.”  
Mandy realized that she should have held out for four dollars because it was so easy to get him to agree to the five, but it was too late.  So, she and Barbie got in the cab and he dropped them off on Revolution Avenue.  The street was crowded, so he couldn’t pull up to the bar, but that was usual.  They just had a couple of blocks to walk to get to El Figurado.  
“Remember to walk fast and guard your butt,” Barbie said.  It was common practice that Mexican men grabbed girls’ rear ends as they walked down the strip to and from the bars.  There wasn’t any way to avoid the invasions, so women simply accepted it.  Even the most lewd behaviors become acceptable when commonly practiced.  
Revolution was lively and so well-lit that it looked almost like daytime.  Lining the streets were open store fronts displaying leather sandals, piñatas, ceramic piggy banks, sombreros, Mexican blankets, and panchos.  On each corner of the street, there were donkeys painted white with black stripes and along the curbs there were taco stands and portable silversmith displays.  From the nightclub balconies, music bellowed out like dueling concerts, slamming to the pavement.  Women sat on the sidewalks, shaking tin cups and small children aggressively approached Americans, begging them to buy red, green, or pink chicle or yarn bracelets.     
As the girls briskly walked down the sidewalk, a small deformed Mexican man with only short knobby flesh stubs for arms and for legs rolled up to them laying stomach down on a skateboard.  He was pushing himself fast with the nubs of his arms to keep up with them.  “Senoritas, senoritas,” he yelled out, “necesisto ayuda.”  
“Oh, look at the poor man,” Mandy cried out.  “We should give him some money.”  Mandy stopped Barbie and dug around in her purse for some change.
“Give him a lot—he looks really sad,” Barbie felt slightly sick to her stomach, remembering her French poodle, Toby, who lost his two front legs when he was hit by a car when she was a child.
“I’ll give him five dollars from both of us,” Mandy whispered.  “He’s crippled.  How’s he supposed to work?”
“That’s good.  Just hurry up.”  
As Mandy bent down to hand him the bill, two men came up from behind and grabbed the girls’ rear ends, quickly fondling them, as the deformed man lunged forward, propped himself up suddenly on his rear nubs, and grabbed the bill, brushing his nub against Mandy’s breast.  Mandy jerked upright and Barbie released a startled yelp.  The occurrence happened so expeditiously, as if the men had staged the assault.  The girls hastily scampered away while the three men laughed in the distance.
When they arrived, walking up the wooden stairs and across the wooden ramp through the high-arched entrance at the top floor of the white, Mediterranean style, two-story nightclub, El Figurado, Barbie was delighted to see that it was packed as usual with familiar faces of former high school classmates and kids from other schools in their district.  Young men and women stood around gossiping, drinking, and smoking in little clusters and at tall, round, etched mahogany tables in the dimly lit club, glancing here and there at the entrance, looking for new arrivals.  Before the audience, Barbie felt full and sure of herself, like a queen showgirl, as they passed by acquaintances, the dance music blasting.  She pretended she was going to “His Highness Grand Duke Charles’” palace for the evening just as Elsie Marina had.  
The large upper-level room where they entered, which is where the majority of the customers gathered, included a long bar with a U-shaped white countertop about thirty feet from the arched entrance.  At the back of the large room sat the high, round, mahogany tables lining the great round dance floor.  Set off on either sides of the dance floor were, on one side, a disc jockey box and on the other, a mechanical bull that posted an “out of order” sign on its horns.
The lower-level room, which was accessible by descending a dark stairway strung with red hanging beads, was the more intimate and darker level of the club resembling a hellish pit—everything painted black and red with a small bar and a small black dance floor with huge red blocks used as platforms for drunk dancers.  
After pulling Mandy over to a corner next to a painting of a Spanish dancer in a red, flared skirt in the upper-level room, Barbie grabbed her by the shoulders squarely, looked her in the eyes intently, and yelled over the music, “Now remember to act confident no matter what.”  She glanced around anxiously to make sure no one else could hear her.  “You know— think of yourself as super important like Cinderella on the night of her ball.  Do you know what I mean?”   
Mandy sighed in exasperation, “You act like going to a bar is as important as brain surgery or something!”
Her eyes widened in protest.  “Mandy!  Do you want to find true love or what?!”
“Oh, all right.”
“Let’s pretend like El Figurado is our own personal palace,” she continued to yell over the music.  “You know—remember when we were kids and we used to play Snow White and I made you be the wicked queen.  Pretend you are her and this is your palace.  That will like attract every hot guy in the club.”
“Yeah right!”  She rolled her eyes again, shaking her head.
“I’m telling you it will.  Believe me—I heard on TV that guys love that kind of confidence.”
Mandy sighed, but followed Barbie to the bar.  Along the way, Barbie threw out greetings like gold coins to peasant friends glancing up at her—the girls with smiles, smirks, and whispers, the guys with longing, lustful eyes.  But Mandy followed along beside heavy-footed with slouched shoulders wishing she had not agreed to come.  “Stand up straight,” Barbie reprimanded.  “And smile.  Imagine you are looking in the magic mirror.”  
Mandy laughed.
“You want me to act like a dope when we go to that math competition?”
Mandy pushed her shoulders back in annoyance and frowned.  She was not a public figure like Barbie.  And being in crowds made her uneasy, causing her to yearn desperately to be at home where she could study for her summer school math exam on Monday or in the very least, play Scrabble with her parents.    
Barbie yelled into Mandy’s ear, “Do you think those girls near the front entrance were making fun of me?”
“Honestly…” Mandy frowned, “…I don’t know.”  
“I thought I heard them laugh.”  Letting the thought dissipate, she smiled flirtatiously at the tall pot-bellied bartender.  “Hi Arturo.”  
“Señorita Barbie…” he gritted his teeth and smiled as he rubbed his black moustache, eyeing her up and down, “It’s been so much time when you be here.  I miss you.”
“I’ll take…hmm…”  She put her finger to her lips and looked up at the ceiling playfully, “…a Tom Collins and my friend will take a Long Island iced tea.”
 “I didn’t say that’s what I wanted,” Mandy interjected, wiping the lipstick off her mouth with the back of her hand.
Barbie smiled at her, feigning an Elsie Marina giggle, “Ok, what would you like?”
“Nothing.”
She flashed a hurt look in her direction and turned away from the bartender.  “Mandy, you promised.”  She knew that Mandy was easily swayed by guilt.
“Barbie…” her voice was stern, “…how many times do I have to tell you that I feel uncomfortable at bars.”
“Ok, fine.  Whatever.”  Barbie was angry.  “You said you would act happy and now you’re being really mean to me.  You know how important this is for me and you just keep trying to ruin it.”
Mandy looked at her blankly.
“It’s ruined because of you.”  She felt her emotions inside sounding like an ambulance siren getting progressively louder and closer.  “You think I can be happy and find true love when you are so miserable?”
She didn’t respond.
“No.  I can’t.  Because all I can do is think about you and how unhappy you are.”  The ambulance was weaving in and out of traffic now recklessly.  “I can’t even concentrate on my character because you are ruining it!”  
“I shouldn’t have come—I’m sorry,” she looked at her apologetically with her drooping Labrador Retriever eyes as she pulled her car over to the side of the road to let the ambulance pass.
“It’s too late!” she responded, not seeing the car as the ambulance hit it head-on, causing Barbie to run down the stairs through the streams of hanging red beads to the bathroom on the lower level in tears.
Mandy followed and found Barbie in the dimly-lit, red, velvet, wallpapered bathroom alone crying in one of the stalls.  She knocked on the metal door and said, “I’m so sorry, Barbie.  Can I come in?”
“No.  Go away!”
“I know I’ve been acting like a real jerk.  And you’re right to be upset.  I promise I’ll try to have a good time because I know this is important to you.”  She waited outside the door, but Barbie didn’t open the stall.  “I really am sorry.”
Barbie didn’t respond.
“Can I come in?”
“I don’t know,” her voice quivered.
“Please.  I’ll be real nice and I’ll even act like the wicked Queen if you want.”
Barbie laughed.
“Will you unlock the door?”
She unlocked the door, but didn’t open it.
Mandy pushed the door open part-way and looked in smiling at Barbie who was sitting on the closed toilet lid with a pile of toilet seat covers under her to protect her from germs.
“I’m not so mad anymore.”  Barbie looked up at Mandy, pushed her blonde locks behind her ears and smiled facetiously, “So, now you’ll get drunk with me?”
“I don’t know about that, but I will drink a drink with alcohol in it.”
“Ok!  Good enough for me.” She spun the roll of toilet paper, ripped off a bunch and blew her nose in it. 
They decided to order drinks from the mini-bar in the lower-level since they were already downstairs.
“What you want?” A dark, buxom, middle-aged woman with round, full hips dressed in a tight, red, low-cut dress, asked harshly, pinning a black curl that had fallen back into her full bun.
Just then, Arturo, the bartender from upstairs, descended the stairs, yelling over the music in Spanish at the woman.  The woman quickly left submissively through a curtain that led to a backroom.
Arturo walked behind the bar, smiling at the girls, “I know what you want.  I make you drinks.”    
Barbie and Mandy smiled uncomfortably looking around at the black and red room that was nearly empty except for one young couple as it was still early in the night.  The couple was licking each others’ tongues, which repulsed the girls, causing them to quickly turn away, feeling embarrassed and out of place.
Arturo shook his head as he handed the girls their drinks.  “Downstairs not for you chicas.  That why I send mi hermosa away.  She know she not to be at bar here.”  
The girls smiled nervously, paid him for the drinks, and thanked him.  He walked through the back curtain and they could hear him, faintly over the music, yelling at his sister.
Stirring her Long Island iced tea with a straw, Mandy said, “I really didn’t mean to hurt your feelings, Barbie.  It’s just that I can’t imagine actually ever finding a boyfriend—let alone finding ‘true love.’ You know what I mean?”
“I can’t hear you.  You have to yell.”  Barbie was looking around the room, wondering what it would be like to dance on top of one of the big red blocks with her soulmate while everyone else was dancing below.
She cupped her hands over Barbie’s ear and spoken into it, “I can’t imagine ever finding a boyfriend.”
Barbie turned to her.  “You will, Mandy.  Believe me—you will and I’ll bet you anything you’ll marry your first boyfriend.  Things are just normal like that for you—you’ll see.” 
Feeling slightly soothed by Barbie’s optimism, Mandy made a deliberate decision to not be uptight.  She was surprised that she actually began to gain confidence and to feel a little less irritated as she sipped the sweet drink.  “This really does taste kind of like iced tea, but kind of sharp like turpentine.”  
“You never drank turpentine,” Barbie giggled, pleased that Mandy was drinking with her.
“Yeah, well, I figure this is what it tastes like.  I should have tried this drink a long time ago.  Though, I bet I’d like it better without the alcohol in it.”
“Let’s go upstairs now—it’s so dead in here.”
Carrying their drinks with them, they sat down on high thrones at one of the raised mahogany tables that circled the dance floor.  The pulsating music vibrated off the walls, through the tables and into their glasses, rattling the ice cubes to the pounding beat of “Burn” by Rancid Lyrics.  There was a disco ball suspended from the ceiling in the center of the dance floor that sprayed broken pieces of colors like shard glass rubies, sapphires, emeralds, and diamonds on the girls’ naked arms and legs and across their faces, pricking their skin with slight jabs and nicks, making them feel, feel, feel the music.  Swarms of people rushed to the dance floor for this cherished song and joined in with the other dancers in unison throwing their hands above their heads, slicing the air up and down, like switching blades as they shouted the lyrics, 
13 red and white stripes flying 
White for skin and red for dying

Why can’t I walk on through	
And not feel like one is in hell

We don’t need no water
Let the motherf----r burn
They watched the dancers—Barbie, wiggling to the music while on her throne, becoming looser and freer with every drink.  
“Want to do something fun?” Barbie shouted over the music.
“What?”
“Imagine you are part of the song,” she suggested.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Pretend you are the drum beats or the lyrics or that low hum coming from the speakers.  When you become a part of the music, something really strange happens,” she inhaled excitedly as she yelled over the music.  “I can’t quite explain it.  That’s what I do when I’m dancing on stage.  It’s a great feeling.  Try it.”
Mandy concentrated on the music.
“I can see you’re starting to hear it.”
As Mandy gazed up at the round disco ball over the dance floor, her eyes glazed over and contentment began trickling through her body.  
“Now choose a specific sound in the music.”
“I can hear the static,” Mandy yelled.
“Perfect.  Mentally jump into it.  Forget everything else and merge into the static until you become the static.”   
Mandy appeared lighter now, as if she were floating above her seat, a tiny static molecule suspended in bliss.  Barbie became one with the pounding drum beats.  Her head was moving back and forth to the rhythm, as if she was knocking at an ethereal door, making her way into another dimension.
They felt they were getting closer and closer to the ultimate ecstasy of true love and bliss.  “Look,” Barbie shouted above the music, as she pointed to the ceiling.  Tilting their heads back, they saw metal pipes blowing smoke and then, powdered fool’s gold, sparkling and glorious, began trickling down upon them from the roof.
The roof, the roof,
the roof is on fire
	
We don’t need no water
Let the motherf-----r burn
The dance floor was filled with young bodies moving in unison, calling out, crying in passion the words of their redeemer.  Barbie and Mandy felt salvation moving and opening up to them, showering majestic plentitude upon them.  Their time had finally come.  Even Mandy believed in it now.
And that’s when it happened.  A fight broke out in the bar and the mysterious guy from the dance contest flew headfirst like a shooting star into Barbie and Mandy’s round table.  Their drinks shot into the air, like rocket ships and then, shattered on the floor into a million pieces.  They nearly fell out of their seats from the impact and were startled into a rift of confusion, where galaxies collided and exploded into fire and ice.  To Barbie’s surprise, Mandy appeared emotional and overly concerned about this stranger on the floor and whether he was hurt or not.  The guy who had socked him, Billy Travis, the prom king from their graduating year, was behind them, screaming profanities and challenges at the mysterious guy, while some other guys from high school were holding him back.  Billy Travis’ redheaded, angelic-faced girlfriend was crying and started to go toward the mysterious guy, but one of Billy’s friends grabbed her by the arm and pulled her back.
Barbie and Mandy both felt it at the same instant—love.  They hadn’t expected it to be for the same guy, but that’s how it happened.  Both girls’ feelings seemed to be beyond their control, whirling past them as if they were passengers on a turbo speed locomotive, watching their feelings rush by them, like landscape scenes that were in view and out of view, zipping with colors and intangibility in a matter of seconds.  Maybe it was the hypnotic effects of the music or the fiery gold dust that poured down from above, Barbie couldn’t say, but whatever those feelings were, neither of them had ever felt them for any other.  For Barbie, it was more intense than any cinematic love story she had ever seen.  Her body was ablaze.  It was as if she was being shocked with electrical impulses from a million directions at once, like she had left three dimensional space and was caught in the “Twilight Zone.”
And that’s when the song came on, “Twilight Zone,” by Golden Earring.  It was as if she had willed the song into existence because she could have sworn that the bullet had hit the bone.  She didn’t know what to do with her fervent self, so she ran out onto the dance floor and started dancing like a maniac, forgetting all about Marilyn Monroe.  She had never acted so crazy and free in her entire life.  There was nobody else on the dance floor because they were all gathered around the mysterious guy, Mandy, and Billy, hoping another fight would break out.  It was just Barbie Monroe out there, dancing like a madwoman, her arms flying in the air, and she actually thought at one point that she might catch enough air and just fly away.
CHAPTER 8
Her tutu was lavender, made of mesh and lace.  Her leg was plastic and straight, standing on one pointed toe, glued to a metal pedestal.  The other toe was pointed and glued to the upper calf, just below the knee.  Her arms were holding her dreams in a circle above her plastic head.  Spin, spin, spinning—breasts perk, chin held out, shoulders pressed down—spin, spin, spinning.  She could never look down—her eyes were painted in place, forever looking to oblivion.  She was a music box doll, spinning in a box—ting, ting, tingling, music whirling her around in one place.
So, there Barbie was, dancing all by herself.  El Figurado was dancing with the auras of moving bodies, but the bodies were gone, the auras movin’ and groovin’ to the music by themselves.  Their lights were flickering—red, white, and blue, the colors of the American flag, blowing ominously in the night.  Inside this lit room, realms were colliding and breeding, composing new realms at high pitch.  Gravity was light and one could slice across the air freely, moving from light to light.
One woman pointed her toe like a ballerina, pulled her leg up into arabesque and twirled and twirled in euphoric bliss.  She was a part of the American dream.
Her habitual self-consciousness had dissolved in the collision.  It was odd.  For the first time in her life, she was completely unconcerned with others’ perceptions of her.
Silver glitter showered down from the dance floor ceiling, like rain.  Barbie’s arms, raised above her head, swaying to the music, ached.  They burned in purification, rinsing her from past life mistakes.  The glitter filled her head, like a galaxy of shooting stars.
A rejuvenation was in progress, a return to a once-lived point on the circle of reincarnation.  An opening in the gap of reality was now allowing young Barbie to jump through and make corrections that would bring her closer to infinity.  Her past life was remembered for an instant, causing an emission of sparks to collide between the spiritual realms; the memory was quickly forgotten, but the feeling was nonetheless present.  She rolled her head from side to side, her long blonde hair sprayed out and up, slapping against her body, like a horse tail swatting flies, while her raised arms and undulating hips followed in the dance.
After a few Mexican policemen infiltrated El Figurado, taking the usual bribes from Billy and his friends to keep him out of jail for knocking the mysterious guy to the floor, the manager of the bar asked Billy to leave for the night.  He gave him permission to return the following week, considering he was a regular at the bar, usually had an attractive girl at his side, and a large following of friends.  Mandy also paid off the police on the mysterious guy’s behalf.  That really surprised Barbie—she doesn’t even know him—but when she discovered Mandy had paid forty dollars in the interest of a stranger, she knew Mandy loved him just as much as she did.  By this time, the mysterious guy had gotten up off of the floor, appearing a bit disheveled and off balance.  Barbie observed that he and the bar manager seemed to have an established relationship.  They spoke to each other in Spanish, so she couldn’t understand what they were saying.  She wondered why he was allowed to stay at the bar, while Billy was not.  This curiosity struck Barbie momentarily and then quickly dissipated like a match that was lit and dropped to burn out in a matter of seconds.
Mostly she was focused on his charismatic nature and raw animalistic mannerisms that made him appear fearless, maybe even reckless.   In a sense, she perceived him as a sort of wounded beast—he like has this broken hearted, kinda dangerous quality to him—kinda like James Dean, she thought.  The stranger seemed to have the whole world hidden deep down inside himself, but with his foot caught in a trap like a scared coyote.  A coyote will chew off his foot to set himself free and the mysterious guy portrayed that essence.  He had all the good looks too, of course—black thick straight hair that was in a need of a haircut, thick overgrown bangs that hung down low over his eyebrows as if he was hiding behind a shadowy thicket of the night, and sad, empty dark eyes that reminded Barbie of an incomprehensible black hole in outer space.  She yearned to slide down his eyes and explore his essence.  He was of average height, with a thin build that looked attractive in his worn Levis and faded blue t-shirt.  His appeal came from an aloofness and confident sensuality that misted out of his pores, as unobtainable as the humidity in the air.
Barbie felt lucky that he was too drunk and confused to see her dancing out on the floor all by herself like a lunatic because she sensed he may have judged her unfavorably.  He wants innocence and purity in a girl—those kinds of boys are like that.  There is a spiritual structure in the universe, given the concept of freewill, which encourages darkness to yearn to feed off the light.  The thing about Barbie, she thought, though mistakenly, was that she was of this dark force, but she imagined herself to have always been wearing a mask of innocence or light.  In her movie-cluttered Bonnie and Clyde mind, she imagined their sameness the second he smashed into their table.
By the time the other young people began returning to the dance floor, Barbie had stopped dancing and was just standing there with her arms at her sides, shoulders slightly slouched, in her lavender skirt under the lights and falling glitter, looking at the stranger and Mandy.  Her best friend had a big smile on her face and was laughing, while the stranger had his hand on her shoulder, looking at her affectionately.  Barbie’s heart sank.  Mandy really looked good that night, she thought.  She looked innocent, sweet, and fragile like a little China doll that belonged on a shelf—not in a dirty old bar in Mexico, like she had said earlier that night.  Barbie knew then that she never should have brought her to Mexico with her, not because she was jealous—she was—but that was beside the point, but because, it suddenly occurred to her, she was too good for this underground hell.  Barbie loved Mandy and felt like she was a soulmate of sorts.
Once, when they were children, Mandy and Barbie were camping with Mandy’s parents in the Cuyamaca Mountains and they decided to hike barefoot to another campground on the other side of the mountain.  They dressed like Indians with feathers in their hair that they had collected from under some trees in their campground and while her parents were on a horseback ride, they cut up a pair of her father’s old leather chaps that had been stuffed in the back of the tack shelf in the horse trailer.   They figured he never wore them and wouldn’t notice, so they sewed the pieces together and made over-the-shoulder Tarzan-like mini-dresses that they imagined Indian women wore while traveling.  Even back then, Barbie had her own Barbie makeup kit that she took everywhere with her, so she painted their faces with red, black, and blue to look like warriors.
They filled their canteens with Kool-Aid and set out barefoot with the intention of finding some younger children at the other camp to scare.  It was a hot day in July and by the time they had hiked the dirt trail, halfway up the mountain, through the numerous Manzanita trees, and past the big boulder that had pothole-like indentations in it from early Native Americans using it as a corn grinder, they were both dragging their feet in exhaustion.
That’s when they saw a doe through a thicket of trees just off the trail.  It looked beautiful and innocent like Barbie thought Mandy looked at El Figurado when she smiled bright-eyed and full of hope looking into the stranger’s eyes.  Then, suddenly, a shot rang out through the woods and pierced right through its neck.  It then reared up and another bullet went through its chest.  Those two shots were the loudest most terrifying sounds they had ever heard.  They screamed and Mandy ran through the trees over to it, while Barbie followed behind.  The doe was lying on the ground completely still except for its chest which was rising and falling in quick, full breaths. There was a pool of blood on the ground next to it.  Mandy started screaming and wouldn’t quit.  Barbie had never seen her like that—she was hysterical.  Barbie was shocked.  She had never witnessed death.  She experienced a cold hate rising up from within, like a sharp, thick icicle that was slowly piercing through her insides from the bottom upwards.  The doe’s eyes were wide open—shocked and terrified and its nostrils were flared, but it simply laid there on the ground.  That’s when the hidden warrior part of Barbie Monroe surfaced to her consciousness; she wanted to kill whoever had done this.  She made up her mind that she was going to murder whoever had taken Mandy’s life because in her mind this doe was a symbol of Mandy—innocent and pure.  She was astonished at the intensity of this newly discovered rage that enveloped her.  It certainly was not acceptable Barbie Doll behavior.
Nobody came to retrieve the doe.  It was against the law to hunt in the Cuyamacas, so whoever shot it must have simply been seeking a thrill, some sort of self-serving good time.  Mandy was still hysterical, shuddering and wailing, so Barbie felt she had to do something to get her to calm down.  She grabbed onto her fragile shoulders and told her to get out her Swiss Army knife; she always had handy tools with her even on Indian hikes.  She looked at Barbie, stunned.  She supposed Mandy was wondering what she was going to do because she asked her if she was going to try to scrape out the bullets from the doe’s wounds.  Barbie said, “No.  Just give me the knife.”  She handed it over to her.  Although Mandy was still trembling, her wailing had ceased.  Barbie made a thin cut in her finger with the blade and then told Mandy to let her cut her finger so that they could become joined as blood sisters with the doe.  She agreed, so Barbie sliced a hairline cut in her finger, causing it to bleed a little.  They then put their cut fingers against the chest wound of the dying doe and rubbed their fingers together.  Barbie remembered they said that now the doe would live on forever through them and that they were all three joined as one.  The rest of that week, they hunted for the killer, but never found anyone who admitted to it.
Barbie loved Mandy and they were bonded together in sisterhood.  So, she was quite conflicted as she stood there on the dance floor watching her blood sister falling in love with her soulmate.
At first, she didn’t know what to do.  That was why she was just standing there, but then Mandy pointed at her.  Barbie guessed the stranger must have asked her who she had come to the club with.  He turned to look at who she was pointing out and that’s when they made eye contact for the second time since the dance contest.
CHAPTER 9
The dance club was the Disneyland ride of hell.  The girls were passengers on the ride The Pirates of the Caribbean in an amusement park boat that slid along a hidden track through black waters.  Metal fireflies zapped on and off in the dark smoky air with The Blue Lagoon, an open-air fine dining restaurant, to the right.  Filled with tourists, the girls’ boat powered forward slowly and ominously through the darkness.  The mystery approached slowly in the darkness.  Then suddenly, without warning, the boat free-fell down a dangerous waterfall and everyone aboard screamed in glee.  Someone yelled out, “Danger is bliss” and nobody heard what he said because the rush was so loud and they were too concerned about their next ride and whether or not it would be as intense as this one.  The stranger and Billy Travis were dueling pirates from the Caribbean.  They were electric-powered sculptures fighting out the same never-ending duel on a platform with plastic fire surrounding them.  With a forceful plug to the stomach, the stranger was knocked from the realm of the illusory hand-carved pirate stage, and into Barbie and Mandy’s passenger boat.  What happens when there is a glitch in the stage show from hell?
After the busboys picked the round table off the floor and wiped off the top, the stranger and Mandy sat down.  One busboy was sweeping up the shattered glasses and spilled liquid from Barbie’s Tom Collins and Mandy’s Long Island iced tea when Barbie walked over to the table.  Mandy turned to her with a big smile on her face as she yelled over the music, “Barbie, this is…” her eyes were brighter and wider than usual, “Rave Robinson.  And Rave, this is my best friend, Barbie Monroe.”
Rave reached across the table, held out his hand and Barbie shook it.  She couldn’t let go of his hand—their eyes were locked and she couldn’t speak.  His dark eyes pierced through her body as he gazed first into her violet eyes and then glanced sharply across her neck.  It felt as if her throat had been sliced and she was waiting to die.  In a matter of seconds her head would fall to the floor and it would all be over.
“Isn’t anyone around here…” Mandy interrupted, “…going to order drinks?”
Rave laughed a long, low guttural laugh as he released Barbie’s hand, mischievously looking her in the eyes again, and leaned back in his chair putting his hands behind his head.  He shook his head side to side as if he was enjoying his conflicting thoughts and then he responded to Mandy, “I’ll get us some beers.”  As he left the table, Barbie pulled up another chair for herself and sat down.
“What do you think of him, Barbie?” Mandy asked, not really wanting a response.  “I think he’s the most beautiful boy I have ever seen.  It’s weird, but he actually reminds me of my cousin, Tom.”  When Mandy was thirteen, her cousin, who she was very close with, died in a drunk driving accident.  After the accident, he became a kind of icon in their city.  He became more noble and heroic than a king.  It was as if it didn’t matter to anyone that he made the choice to drive severely intoxicated and could have killed an innocent driver on the road or even a pedestrian crossing a street.  Instead, his car flew off the cliff as he sped, likely at his usual ninety miles an hour, around the bend of Dead Man’s Peak.  He became a legend for his bravery in the local middle school and high school.  All the teenagers now call the cliff, Tom Cat Bluff, after Mandy’s cousin.
“Well, I guess there’s something wild about him that was a bit like Tom.”  Barbie leaned over closer to Mandy’s ear so she could be heard over the music.  “But, you know, I read in Sweet Sixteen magazine that women are, like, often attracted to people who remind them of family members.  And in that case, it’s not really love but, just some sort of family issue that needs to be worked out through another person.  If that’s the case, the writer said an R&R day at the spa or something is a better solution.”
“I know what you are talking about,” Mandy responded in irritation.  “In tenth grade English class, we read Oedipus Rex and Oedipus married his mother.”
“Yeah, haven’t you ever wondered why he poked his eyes out?”
“It’s a weird story.  I never understood why he did that.  Actually, I just didn’t care.  That’s why I like math—everything just makes sense.”  Mandy sighed and looked slightly sullen, “Barbie, have you ever thought about what the purpose of life is?”
Barbie looked at Mandy blankly.  “What the heck are you talking about?”
“What I’m talking about is—why do you think we exist in this world?”
Now Barbie felt irritated, “I never really thought about it.”
For Barbie, although she had never thought of it in a philosophical sense, the purpose of life was to feel the ultimate highs as often as possible.  Because she had felt an alienation from her family, her childhood had become a desperate yearning for recognition.  With each recognition, she felt a touch of ecstasy that temporarily filled an empty void.
Throughout her childhood, she had twirled and leaped through her numerous dance contests, exploding from one euphoric success to the next.  She lived for the feeling of being worshipped and winning contests gave her the temporary high that she desired.  Every time she spun across those stages and the judges announced her as the winner, she felt an energy surge through her body, much like a sudden flash of lightning.  That bolt was her driving force in life—those quick bursts of elation.  But, now as a young adult, she wanted something more—she wanted to experience true love.  She hoped that true love would endure like a strong electrical current that never dies; she imagined that a man would be her wire hook up to an indestructible power plant.  Once she plugged into the right man, she would be forever filled with that energy source.
When Rave returned to the table, carrying the three beers, a sudden fear swept over Barbie.  Her entire body went weak and she felt her plastic body cracking.  Because she lacked an awareness of her inner thoughts, in her mind, the fear was unexplainable with no basis whatsoever.  Something inside of herself warned her that she should run as far away from Rave as possible, but she ignored it and buried the thought in her subconscious mind.  She only felt a breathless fear strangling her insides and she mistook the fear as something beautiful and divinely ordained.
Her mind was now reeling into the past, flashing with random images from music videos from her childhood.  The flashes were quick visual zaps, like subliminal mesMandys between television commercials.  She saw Madonna dressed in a pink Marilyn Monroe gown with men all around her as she sang “Material Girl.”  Then she saw ZZ Top watching a woman get out of a car at a gas station, as they sang “She’s Got Legs.”  She saw a chorus of women that looked identical to each other, wearing the same tight black mini-skirts with their hair slicked back exactly alike, as Robert Palmer sang “Addicted to Love.”  In a dark gloomy bar, she saw Pat Benetar portrayed as a prostitute dressed in rags while singing “Love is a Battle Field.”  Barbie’s mind kept flashing with images and the fear continued to well up inside of her.
Rave and Mandy were involved in a conversation for some time before Barbie blurted out to Rave, “Were you that kid that, like, had his picture on all those milk cartons in the early eighties?”
His cool exterior dissolved and he looked like a scared child.
“How…how did you know that?”  Seemingly broken and naked, his entire appearance changed.
“I remember breakfasts with this cute bright-eyed boy with black glossy hair,” Barbie said.  “Every morning I would eat my Captain Crunch while staring at a picture of this smiling kid on the back of the milk carton.  I was, like, so terrified of that picture and I couldn’t get it out of my mind.  I remember I wanted to save you and was so haunted by the thought that I too could be kidnapped by some wacko maniac and have my picture on some milk carton in everyone’s homes.”
Rave took a few quick swigs of his beer.  The blood seemed drawn from his face and beads of sweat were forming above his lip.  “I guess…I guess that’s my claim to fame,” he said trying to appear unaffected.  “I’m surprised you…you recognized me.”
“I couldn’t forget you.  Honestly, you really haunted my childhood.  I used to wake up at nights in a heavy sweat, screaming for you.  But…” she turned away, pondering a thought, uncomfortably. “Now that I remember back…”  She looked at him curiously.  “That kid on the carton had a different name—I think.  Did you change your name?”
“You were kidnapped?” Mandy asked, astonished.
Rave shifted in his chair and ran his fingers through his hair.  “Uh, yeah, I suppose I was,” he responded with a nervous short laugh.
“Hey, I gotta take care of something.  I’ll…I’ll be right back.”  He walked over to the bar and whispered something to the bartender.  Then he walked down the stairs through the red streams of beads into the lower bar.
When he rose up from the stairs, he was bouncing to the beat of some song in his head other than the music the disc jockey was playing.  He then walked over to another table and conversed with another guy.  Finally, he walked back over to Barbie and Mandy and said, “You…you girls want to get something…something to eat with me and my friend?”
“Sure,” Mandy said quickly.
Parker Pennington was of medium height and thin build with blue eyes and strawberry blonde hair with fair skin.  He was exuberant and playful, full of life and mischievous as a monkey.  Although he was attractive, it was his personality that made him so, not his physical appearance.  There wasn’t anything physically wrong with his looks—he was handsome, but not striking like Rave.
When Rave acquainted Parker to the girls, he presented only Mandy.  Instead of introducing Barbie, he smiled wryly at her and whispered into her ear, “And this is my girl.”  Her heart jumped out of her chest and back in again.  Immediately after introductions, Parker began pulling at Mandy’s hair like a love sick boy on the school playground.  Mandy was pushing his hand away feigning indignation, but inwardly she enjoyed the attention.
“I know who you are,” Mandy said to Parker.  “You were the drummer for Poker Face last year.  I saw you open for Air Supply at San Diego State last March.”  Mandy tapped Barbie’s shoulder.  “Remember that spastic drummer, Barbie?  The one that was jumping on top of the speakers and on everything else, tapping his drumsticks on all the band members’ heads?”
Parker’s head seemed to swell and he apparently became more confident because he swiftly pulled Mandy into a dip and kissed her hard on the lips.  Mandy was disheveled and shocked.  She didn’t know what to do and was too stunned to say anything.  She laughed uncomfortably for a second and then felt violated, but didn’t object because she didn’t want to hurt Parker’s feelings or make a scene in the bar.
****
Once out on Revolution Avenue, Barbie felt comforted that she and Mandy didn’t have to walk the strip alone.  Now that they were with boys, she felt they would be less vulnerable to predators.  Barbie observed a difference in Rave now that he was with his friend.  They seemed to have inside jokes and secret codes between them.  Parker seemed to be the leader of the two and the inventor or implementer of the repetitive phrases between them.  Sometimes the phrases were from popular movies or television shows and sometimes they were Parker’s inventions.  They would yell out, “‘Gumby damn it!’” which they explained to Mandy after she asked, that it was a phrase from the television show, “Saturday Night Live.”  Often when one would say something, the other would say in an exaggerated, drawn out, low pitched voice, “Outstaaaaaaaanding!” and they would both laugh as if this phrase was the funniest thing in the world.
Parker bounced around, jumping in the air trying to hit the awnings of the open store fronts.  He picked up a little girl on the street who was selling yarn bracelets and put her on his shoulders as he spun around in circles.  When he set her down, she was crying, so he bought a raggedy bracelet from her and gave it to Mandy.
Although Rave and Parker were alike in their playful banter, they were very different.  Parker was giddy and playful, while Rave was hidden and dark.  They both seemed to possess an underlying confusion and destructiveness, but Rave was more complicated and mysterious.  Rave seemed to use Parker’s lightness as a distraction from his inner turmoil.  It was as if Rave was ashamed or disgusted with himself while at the same time exuding arrogance and feelings of grandeur.  This was all very subtle as was his way.
The restaurant was a dark, little dive just off the main street with only three tables, a cash register, a food counter, a help-yourself refrigerator and a small open kitchen.  Aside from the cook and the waiter, they were the only people in the restaurant.  They took the middle table against the wall which was dimly lit by oil candles.  Barbie and Mandy sat on one side of the table, while Rave and Parker sat on the other.
Rave tilted his head to the side and stared at Barbie unwaveringly for a minute.  It was as if they were the only people in the world.  As he stared at her, Barbie felt like she was being pumped intravenously with his warm, thick blood.  It was as if their bodies were connected with an invisible cord and he was filling her with his blood.  This connection felt inevitable and she felt like the blood was flowing through her and back through him like they were the ancient, blood-red Nile of Egypt and there was no separation between them.  Just as the red waters flowed together as one, so did they.  They were each others’ life force—they were the blood of the earth—a connection made by God.
“Let’s get some drinks from the fridge,” Rave finally said as he got up from the table, motioning to Barbie.  The rhythm and tone of his voice was low and smooth like a lullaby.  Barbie got up and he led her to the glass refrigerator in the front of the restaurant that was stocked with beers and sodas.  She felt like he was leading her to a mystical realm.  Standing before the refrigerator, she looked at him in awe as he ran his moon ring across the beer bottles on the shelves the way an angel strums a harp.  The music of the bottles clanked and chimed in her heart like sacred music and she knew her life had forever changed.  She looked back at Mandy who was looking across the restaurant at her with jealousy in her eyes and she didn’t care.  She couldn’t care—Rave was too much to give up.  While her blood connection to Mandy and the doe was self-created, her blood connection with Rave appeared to have been created by something far greater and more powerful than animal or human.
“Shhh,” Rave whispered as he tapped his index finger against her lips.  Her knees weakened and she wondered why he was quieting her.  Rave looked over his shoulder at the waiter who was standing behind the counter, arguing with the cook in Spanish.  He then slid two bottles of beer into the inner pocket of his coat and shoved two more bottles in the waist of his jeans and looked at Barbie with a cool smile.  As he shut the refrigerator, he tapped the glass door three times with his moon ring and looked at Parker who had his back to him.  Rave tapped his ring against the glass another three times and then Parker jerked his back straight up in the seat and said to Mandy, “Play along.”
“What?” Mandy asked perplexed.
“Pretend like you’re sick,” he said anxiously.  “Just play along.  Put your head down on the table and hold your stomach.  You’ll see—we have a surprise.  Will you do it?”  He looked at Mandy pleadingly.
“Fine,” Mandy said irritated as she laid her forehead down on the table.
“Hey dude,” Parker yelled over to Rave, “This girl is gonna blow.  We better get her out of here before she barfs all over this place.”  He got out of his seat.  “She’s real sick.”  He grabbed onto Mandy and pulled her up from her seat and picked her up in his arms.
“I’m not going to throw up,” Mandy yelled at Parker and struggled to get out of his arms.
“She’s always doing this, dude.”  He looked over at the waiter and said, “Esta enferma!  She’s gonna throw up all over this place.”
Mandy broke out of Parker’s arms and slapped him across the face as she screamed, “I’m not sick, you jerk.”
The waiter started yelling in Spanish and waving and shaking his hands in the air shoeing them out of the restaurant.
Parker said to the waiter, “I’m sorry, dude.  She’s always pretending she’s not sick because she’s embarrassed and then she just blows corn and hot dogs all over the place.”  The waiter pushed them toward the door and they left the restaurant.
When they were out of the restaurant and around the corner, Parker ran ahead and bought a red rose from a man dressed in a mariachi outfit.   He ran back, got down on his knee and said gently to Mandy, “I’m sorry,” as he handed her the rose.  Mandy grabbed it out of his hand and protested, “You can’t just do stuff like that.  Why’d you do that?”
“I know.  I’m sorry.  I saw that there were cockroaches on the floor and I didn’t want you to eat the food and get pissed at me for taking you to such a dive, so I wanted to get you out of that place.  I should have just told you, but I was embarrassed.”
Mandy weakened to his explanation and responded, “Next time you should just tell me.  Don’t make a big scene like that.  It’s no big deal.  I’ll understand whatever it is.”
Parker looked at her softly, “I just want to make you happy.”
Rave knocked Parker on the head and said, “Dude, get off the ground.
You’re…you’re acting like a pussy.”
“Leave him alone,” Mandy snapped at Rave in Parker’s defense.  And from that moment on Mandy was in love with Parker.
“I’m sick of Mexico,” Rave said.  “Let’s…let’s quit this game and…and head back to the good…good ol’ U.S. of A.?”  Rave turned to Barbie, “What do you say?  We’ll give you a lift to your car.  You parked on the American side right?”
“Yeah, we did,” Barbie responded, fluffing her hair in an attempt to hint at her Elsie Marina character.  “Didn’t you?”  She fluttered her eye lashes and giggled.
Rave appeared perplexed by her sudden change in personality.  “Nah, we parked right there…” Rave pointed at the parking lot just ahead, “…at Woolworths.  We’ll give you a lift across the…the border and then we’ll…we’ll drink these brewskis.”
Barbie whispered to Mandy and Mandy said, “Sure, we’ll go with you guys.”
When they got to Parker’s station wagon, Parker opened the doors without the key.  “Don’t you lock your car?” Mandy asked in an astounded tone.
“No,” Parker replied.  “There’s nothing to steal in this old thing.”
Rave tucked the beers that he had stolen in a secret compartment under the carpet in the trunk of the station wagon.  When they got to the border, they only had to wait fifteen minutes to get to the crossing point because the line of cars crossing over into the states wasn’t too long.  It was only 11:30 P.M. and most people didn’t leave the bars until around 1:00 or 2:00 A.M.  Parker bought Mandy a ceramic vase for her rose from a side vendor that came up to the car while they were waiting to cross.  With each gift, Mandy seemed to attach herself more and more to Parker.
CHAPTER 10
When they got to the border check, the U.S. officer asked what country they were from and if they were bringing in any souvenirs.  Mandy held up her rose and vase proudly.  The officer shined his flashlight in the back seat where Barbie and Rave were sitting.  Then he looked quickly in the trunk and signaled them across the border.  Once they were on the American side, Barbie felt pounding under her seat.  “What the heck is that?” she shrieked.  “Did you feel that?” she said to Rave.
The pounding stopped. “Oh, that?” Rave said.  “Yeah, I felt that,” he laughed a little uncomfortably.
“What was that?” Barbie demanded.
Parker interrupted, “Where’d you girls park?”
“We parked in the lot to the right on the hill,” Barbie said with irritation.  “That pounding stopped.  What was that?”
“I’ll tell you what,” Parker said.  “I need to get something at the mini-market, so how about I drop the three of you off and you all meet me at Mission Beach in front of the roller coaster and we’ll drink some beers on the sand.”
“I’ll go with you to the mini-market,” Mandy said.
“No, I gotta call my mom from the pay phone there and it’s embarrassing if you hear me talking all corny to my mom.  I’ll just meet you at the beach afterwards.”
“There it is again,” Barbie said, “I feel something pounding under the seat.  Turn down the music. There’s something under us!”  Barbie started screaming, “Stop the car.  Stop the car!”  She stood up from the seat and crawled into the front of the car and was facing Rave who was still sitting in the back seat.  “Get up, Rave.  There’s something under the seat.”
“It’s nothing,” Parker said.  “Show me where you parked your car.”
Barbie pointed, “It’s that white and pink Jeep.  Stop the car.”
Parker stopped in front of the Jeep and said in a feminine mocking voice, “Pretty car—I must get one myself.”  He flicked his hand at the wrist.  “Ok, everybody out.  I’ll meet you in a few.  Pretty, pretty.”
Mandy got out of the car and was already unlocking the door to the Jeep, but Barbie refused to get out. “The back seat is lifting up and down under Rave,” Barbie said.  “There’s something under it.  Turn off the music.”  She tried to turn off the music, but Parker stopped her.
“No,” Parker said, “I love this song!  It’s as pretty as your Jeep!”
“Let’s go,” Rave said to Barbie as he got out of the car.
Then the back seat flipped up and a Mexican man lifted his body from under the seat.  He was cursing in Spanish and Barbie was screaming as she scrambled out of the car.  Parker started cursing at the man in Spanish and the man laid back down, pulling the seat back over him.  “I’ll meet you guys at the beach,” Parker yelled, as he sped away.
Barbie was shaking and crying, but Mandy hadn’t seen any of it because she was already in the car waiting.  “What just happened?” she cried to Rave.  “Tell me what the heck just happened!”
Rave looked at her gently and whispered, “It’s ok.”
“Who was that?” she demanded.  “Do you, like, even know?”
“That was…was Pablo,” he said matter-of-factly, pronouncing the name with a Mexican accent.
“Pablo!  Who is Pablo?  And why was he under the seat?”
“Pablo is Parker’s friend and he… he needed to get to the U.S. so… so that he can make some money to send home to his… his starving family.”
“He smuggled an illegal over the border without even telling us?”  Barbie implored.
“He… he didn’t want to scare you, so he figured… he figured it would be better to not say anything.”
“You should have told me.  I would have understood.  Instead you, like, scared the heck out of me.”
“Yeah, well, I didn’t know… I didn’t know myself at first, but then…then when the pounding started, I figured it out.”
“Why’d you, like, act like I imagined the pounding?”
“I don’t know.”
Barbie saw Rave as a project, like a helpless dog that was covered in fleas that only she, as his soulmate, could pick off.  At the time, she didn’t put a lot of conscious thought into the plans for her de-fleaing project, but she naturally took on the role as savior.
The project was sort of like when Barbie, as a child, tried to pick all the fleas off of her mother’s Standard Poodles. There were many fleas, but they were hard to find in all that pouffy and sometimes matted fur.  When she found one, usually it slipped away before she was able to get it.  She would chase after it with her fingers, separating the fur, making little flesh paths that she hoped would trap the flea.  If and when she found one, she would saw it in half with her fingernails and flick its dead parts on the floor.  The hunt for new fleas would continue, but it seemed that during the process, the fleas were multiplying; there was a never ending breeding process going on with eggs hatching and all sorts of procreation.  And then there were the new fleas hopping on the dog.  The process was never ending.
These fleas were like the wounds in Rave’s mind—she could catch a few wounds and kill them, but most of them would get away and transform into new more elusive wounds.  Because of his behavior, new wounds would jump on him and breed with the old wounds.  Her work as his savior was futile, but she was confident that someday she would succeed even if she had to force his entire body into a tank of flea solution.  But, dogs like that don’t go under water without a fight.
Barbie and Rave were standing there in the parking lot and Rave was staring at her fixedly, his pupils dilated, his black bangs hanging furtively over his brows.  A boy had never gazed into her eyes so comfortably, so unwaveringly—without physically touching her.  This aroused her, stirring her internally, connecting her to him.  She leaned against the car, touched her blonde hair, sliding her hand to her neck self-consciously, attempting to mask her desires.  For the first time in her life, she felt understood.  The sequins on her white cami scratched at her chest.  She tried to reposition the blouse against her body.  Though this connection felt more genuine than anything she had ever experienced, she felt a surge of childish embarrassment overtake her and couldn’t help but turn away self-consciously with a nervous giggle.  When she turned back to him, expecting to see a nurturing expression on his face, to her surprise, she saw a conflicted sadness.  She almost thought for a second that he hated her.
This reminded her of a TV sci-fi movie she saw once with a female character that reminded her of Marcia Brady from the television show, “The Brady Bunch,” and a male character who reminded her of Heathcliff, from a novel that she was forced to read in high school called, Wuthering Heights.  Marcia Brady and Heathcliff were kissing in a dirt parking lot and suddenly the parking lot opened up and Heathcliff fell in.  Marcia Brady was standing there terrified and alone, so she started easing her way down the side of the dirt opening to find him.  She was crying and the dirt and rocks were scratching up her legs.  Then Heathcliff reached up to her and gently eased her down on top of him into this warm, dark grave at the bottom.
Marcia looked up at the lid and appeared to suddenly realize that they were in a coffin because she screamed.  Then she giggled for a second as the lid came down over them and she said, “This must be a fun Halloween game because things like this don’t happen in real life.”
Heathcliff didn’t respond—his face appearing cold and accepting.  And there they were nestled up against each other with the coffin sealed shut.  It was silent in the coffin except that they could hear someone shoveling dirt on top.  The thud, thud, thud of dirt sounded from above and before Marcia realized that this wasn’t a Halloween trick, they were buried too deep to ever get out.  Then, she said, sniffing and wiping her nose with her hand, “If the ground opened up once, it will open again.”
Heathcliff said, “Even if the ground opens up again, the memory will haunt us worse than the actual event.”
Marcia kissed him passionately and said, “I don’t know what you mean.”
When Barbie saw this movie, she thought it was so romantic how even in death they would be together.
Smiling at Rave, Barbie felt a relaxed calmness come over her as she said, ‘I’m ready to go now.”  Agreeing to let him drive her Jeep, she got in the back seat because Mandy was in the front seat with headphones on, listening to music.  It seemed apparent to Barbie that she didn’t want to talk to them.  She thought maybe she was angry because Rave chose her, but she wasn’t sure because it was obvious that she was enamored with Parker.  After a moment of thought, Barbie decided to not tell her about the Mexican man that Parker had smuggled across the border.  She assumed she must have figured out what was going on, but didn’t want to deal with the turmoil.  Mostly, she just wanted her to like Parker, so that she didn’t feel guilty for taking Rave.
****
The ocean was cold and eerie, but Barbie felt an excitement rush through her as if the waves were splashing in her stomach.  She thought this must be what people mean by having butterflies in your stomach.  While Mandy and Parker walked along the shore, Rave and Barbie sat on a bench on the pier.  The night breeze was cool coming off the water, so she wrapped a beach towel around her shoulders to keep warm.  It was not clear to her whether the chills were from the wind or from her mind.  The only thing she was certain of was that she was happy.
Carefully, Barbie watched Rave for a moment staring out at the ocean, resting a bottle of beer on his thigh.  “When I look at you…” she said, “I see this weird sadness screaming inside.  It’s weird ’cause it, like, seems like you’re possessed with something painful that I can’t explain.  I know I’m talking like a freak, but that’s what I noticed.”  Suddenly, she realized that she wasn’t acting in character as Elsie Marina.  In fact, she had nearly forgotten all about the role she had planned to play.  Frightened, she worried that she might have lost her chance with him.
Turning to her, he took a swig of beer.  “You ok?  You…you look like you’ve just seen a ghost.”
“I’m fine.”  She searched her mind, trying to connect back into character, but she felt overwhelmed with confusion.  The ocean waves under the pier splashed against the support pillars.  She thought she could feel the vibrations from beneath.  “Who’s your favorite actor?”
He gazed ahead peering out over the black ocean.  “Some people say I look like Michael J. Fox.”
She laughed nervously.  “You don’t look like him!  He’s a dork!  Do you like him?”
“Well…” He looked at her and said smoothly, “…I guess not.”
“So how come you don’t live at home with your parents?”
“I…I moved in with Parker and…and his mom because I hate my parents.”  He laughed looking up at the sky, his creamy white skin appearing pale as the moon.  “My…my dad is a…a real religious fanatic and my mom… Well…”  His eyes welled up.  “She’s a bitch.”
“She is?”
“Nah…”  He took another gulp of beer.  “They’re all right.  It’s just me.  I don’t like parents.”
“Do you ever talk to them?”
“Nah.”
“Why not?”
“They’re just different from me.”  He looked down at the palm of his hand for a minute and then looked at his shoes.  “I crashed their car,” he said angrily.  “It was a real piece of Tijuana crap anyhow, so I don’t see what their problem was.  I bet they think I’m such a…a loser for working at Luigis Pizza Palace as a busboy.   I’m…I’m glad they think it.”
Barbie tried to comfort Rave by offering suggestions on how to improve his situation.  “You know, you could apply for student loans and get a college degree.  Your parents would never expect it from you and you’d, like, end up more successful than them.”  Her showgirl eyes widened, violet and hopeful, searching for his approval, like a child looking to Daddy for recognition after winning a spelling bee.
“I doubt that.  They’re…they’re pretty loaded as it is.  My holier than thou father used to own the…the hottest nightclub in town.  Now he’s got the leather shop and a…a pharmacy.”  He guzzled the rest of his beer and tossed the empty bottle over the rail and into the ocean.  “Let’s…let’s not talk about this crap,” he was looking down and brooding, but then with his head still turned downward, he raised his eyes up and smiled at her.
A gush of wind seemed to blow through her body and she tightened the towel around her shoulders.  In her giddy high-pitched Marilyn voice, she squealed in glee, “I’m so glad I had this beach towel in my car.”  She was hoping Rave would ask why she had it in there, but he didn’t even seem to notice.  Tightening the towel around her shoulders, she took in a deep, exaggerated breath and shivered dramatically.  As she exhaled, she said, “Burr, the wind is so refreshing.”  She looked at Rave, but he didn’t seem to take notice of her playful seduction, so she raised the towel over her head giggling as she watched it blow in the wind.  “Weeeee…”  She stood up and spun around with the towel flying in the wind above her head.
He smiled at her, seemingly entertained by her dance.  “You’re quite…quite a dancer.”
This was enough for her, so she sat down, satisfied with her performance.  “I left this towel in the trunk from, like, a week before when I had modeled in this modeling shoot in La Jolla.”
“You’re a model?” Rave asked, opening another beer.  “I’m not surprised—you’re…you’re beautiful.”
Blushing, she enjoyed the compliment.  Until now, she hadn’t noticed that he had a stutter.  She thought there was something unique and sexy about the way he repeated some of his words twice.  “I’m not really a model.  I just met this guy at the grocery store.”
“I’m jealous,” he said facetiously, running his hand over his dark mop of hair.
“It’s not like that,” she said.  “I don’t even remember the guy’s name, but he paid me, like, fifty dollars and a copy of the photos to do just a few poses in my bathing suit on the beach.  I was so glad to have the extra money and I figured if I ever decided to go into modeling, I could put that job on my resume.”
“I thought…I thought you wanted to be a beautician?”
“Well, yeah, a cosmetologist,” she responded, breathing heavily from excitement.  “I don’t, like, have any real plans to be a model and I’m probably not tall enough anyway, even if I did.”  She frowned childishly, pushing her lower lip out into an exaggerated pout.
“I’m glad.  Models are sluts,” he said adamantly.  “They’re…they’re plastic and phony with breasts as hard as doorknobs and makeup as thick as their brains.  You’re not like that.”
“What do you mean?” she asked, widening her eyes, seemingly distressed.  She was embarrassed now that she had told him about her modeling job on the beach.  And now, she became ashamed of herself, but she didn’t know why she felt this way.  A flicker of fear kindled in her mind and tickled her nose causing it to elongate slightly, indiscernibly, at the thought of how he might respond if he ever discovered her cosmetic surgeries.
“You’re pure, Barbie.”  He turned toward her and looked at her directly in the eyes, which made the waves splash harder in her stomach.  “You’re…you’re like an angel that has never been touched.”
Magnificent white angel wings spread in her mind.  She could see the harp music like animated notes tumbling out of the heavens.
“You don’t need makeup and fake blonde hair.  The more real you are, the more…more beautiful you’ll become.”  
	She couldn’t speak.  She felt like she had been swept away by the wind.  And the person saying this wasn’t some shallow high school dork that was quoting a poem from English class, but rather, a real live Rebel without a Cause making his own poetry.  And he liked her!
“Want to go in the water?” he asked as he stood up taking off his coat.
“Right now?  At night?”  She gasped in terror.
He had a crazed look in his eyes like he had been suddenly ignited.  “I saw you on the dance floor at El Figurado.”
She thought it was sexy how whenever he said a word in Spanish he pronounced it in a Mexican dialect.
“You didn’t think I was watching you—but…but I was.”
She laughed a puerile, nervous laugh, “You saw me?”  She put her hand over her mouth; her violet eyes popped open like a morning flower.
“Yes,” he said.
She stood up and they were facing each other.
“And…and I know why…why you were dancing.”  He leaned in closer to her and she thought he was going to kiss her.  Her knees weakened, but then he straightened back up and shook his head side to side, looking at her in her dewy eyes, like he was on fire and she was too pure to touch.  Backing up, he quickly pulled off his jeans and shoes and t-shirt.  He was standing there just in his boxer shorts and then he jumped up on the pier rail and stood up, trying to hold his balance.
She screamed.  “Get down from there!  It’s dangerous!”
He laughed with his arms held out, still balancing himself.
“Get down,” she pleaded.  “It’s not funny!  You’re too high up!  Please!”  If he fell, he could kill himself—the pier was fairly high above the ocean and there could be rocks or some other obstruction below.  Then he lifted up one leg and was balancing on the other.  The night wind thrashed through his hair.  He had a maniacal look in his eyes and was laughing like a madman.  She reached for him to pull him back onto the pier, but when she reached for him, the touch of her hand made him lose his balance and he fell off the rail into the ocean.  She heard him scream.
CHAPTER 11
Falling, falling, falling…  Rave’s scream as he fell into the ocean was the most terrifying sound Barbie had ever heard.  It was as if she had died inside.  Her very essence seemed to collapse and then disappear.  She leaned over the rail and there was nothing below—just cold black water.  She waited to see if maybe his head would pop up and he’d still be laughing, but it didn’t.  The ocean seemed so cruel to her with its cold knuckle ripples punching her in the face with every nauseating swing.  Maybe she should jump in after him, she thought.  The water splashed rhythmically, as if apathetic, against the massive cement pillars that held up the pier.  She lifted one foot onto the rail and tried to pull herself up, but a monstrous black cloud of fear smothered her and she fell back onto the pier.  She couldn’t cry; she was in shock.  At last, she had found her soulmate and instead of it being a beautiful and magical happily ever-after story, it had become a murderous ocean hell.  That’s when she realized that she had murdered him.  She pushed Rave off the rail.  It was by mistake, but it was her fault, she thought!
Rave’s clothes were spread out on the pier, so she gathered them up and put on his coat.  The coat was heavy with the other beers that he stole from the restaurant still in the pockets.  For awhile, she sat there in shock.  She thought maybe she should find a lifeguard, but then she remembered that there were no lifeguards on the beach at two in the morning.  Maybe she should go to the police department.  She didn’t know what to do and she didn’t know where the police department was, so she walked back to the car, hoping that she would find Mandy and Parker along the way.  She didn’t see them on the beach, but as she was walking up to the parking lot, she saw a red Trans Am drive out of the lot.  She thought maybe for a second that that was Parker, but then she remembered he drove a station wagon.  To her dismay, when she got closer to her Jeep, she saw that Parker’s station wagon, which had been parked next to her Jeep, was gone. She felt that cold steel knife slicing up through her body carving out an empty space.  She touched her head and it felt plastic and empty like a doll.  I can’t be held responsible for this; I am just a plastic doll spin, spin, spinning in one place.
Parker’s station wagon was gone.  He must have taken Mandy home.  She felt a heavy loneliness envelop her.  The entire night had seemed so unreal.  She had found true love and lost it all in the same night.  She realized she didn’t know anything about Rave.  Who were his parents?  Did he have any siblings?  Do they even care about him?  Somehow, she couldn’t really imagine him with a family, but he said he had a mother and father.  And how could she explain his death to them.  They must have already suffered such a devastating loss when he was kidnapped as a child.  To lose him again could be more than they could bear.  On the other hand, they had kicked him out, so maybe they didn’t care.
She thought of her own family and how even with all their problems, they’d be upset if she died.  But then shortly after the news, her father would fight with Mama over the price of her coffin.  He’d want the cheapest coffin possible because he was always very practical and cautious with money.  There would be no reason to spend on something that just rots underground, he’d say.  Mama would argue that all their friends would see how cheap he was and judge them as low class.  She’d want the most extravagant funeral possible to impress her friends, but in the end, she’d give into her father.  Her father was a stubborn man, quiet and subdued, but with an inner intensity that had always scared her.  When it came to money, he usually won.  The more she thought about it, the more she realized that they’d just cremate her and throw her ashes into the sea because it would likely be the cheapest method of disposal and that’s what they did to her grandmother.   At that moment, she wanted to be at sea scattered over the ocean and one with Rave.
Her emotions became thicker and richer and she collapsed into herself in yearning for her true love while engulfed in self-pity.  She indulged her emotions and her insides began to rip and tear.  How could my own father kick me out of our home?  I was only twelve and what did he expect of me?  He made it impossible for me to stay.
After basically ignoring me for my entire childhood, suddenly he got a whim to structure and improve my life through a crazy rigorous controlling plan.  It was as if he woke up one morning and decided that I wasn’t a good enough daughter and he needed to fix the problem.  My B and C grades were below his standards and he was going to make an academic of me.  He structured my days from 5 A.M. to bedtime into a stupid meticulous schedule of studying and community service.  I was to forget about spending time with my friends and I had to stop dating my “football player” boyfriend because the time had suddenly come for me to get serious and prepare for college.  He typed out these lame schedules with time slots that I had to initial throughout each day.  He must have been just looking for an excuse to kick me out of the house because his plan was impossible.
It was 4:02 P.M. and Barbie was sitting on her bed talking on the phone with Mandy, when her father burst into her room unexpectedly.  He was enraged like an angry bull, rearing up, kicking his front hooves in the air.  “What in hell’s name are you doing on the phone?” he yelled in a thunderous bull snorting voice.  “I said no phone calls on weekdays.  How the hell do you expect to get into Harvard if you’re yakking it up with your friends?” He slapped her across the face.
Barbie was stunned.  Her father had become so unreasonable. Her cheek burned, but she didn’t touch it.
“Answer me, young lady,” he demanded, blowing smoke through his nostrils.
She couldn’t speak.  He was frightening her.  His massive stature was too threatening combined with the crazed look in his eyes.
“Answer me, damn it!”  He grabbed the phone out of her hand while Mandy was still on the line and ripped the cord out of the wall.  “Who do you think you are, missy?  Primadonna, spoiled rotten bitch!  Answer me!”
She couldn’t think straight, so she said, “I don’t know.”
“You don’t know?  You don’t know!”  He threw the telephone hard and fast past her, skimming the sleeve of her shirt as it smashed into the wall.  “You think this is funny?”
She was shaking.  He seemed insane with anger and she couldn’t speak.  She wanted to jump out the window and run away, but was afraid of getting in more trouble.  Then, he got really crazy and picked up her stereo and slammed it on the floor. “You won’t be needing that anymore.”
At that point, she became afraid for her life.
“Get up,” he said.  “Where are your car keys?”
She was crying and couldn’t speak.
“Get up!” He demanded.
She got off the bed and started looking for the car keys.  By this time, she was so disoriented and shuddering from fear and emotional pain that she couldn’t think straight.  She knew she had to just get the keys and do what he said, but couldn’t remember where her keys were.  She looked under her backpack which was on the dresser and under her pile of clothes on the floor.  All the while he was standing over her screaming profanities.  Finally, she found the keys in her jacket pocket that was hanging in her closet and she gave them to him.  He looked at her coldly with his nostrils flaring, “Either follow the schedule and rules or leave this house.” He threw her against the wall and kicked her in the stomach.
The next morning when she woke up, he was gone and so was her dented Gremlin that he had given her for her birthday.   That night he didn’t come home and Mama was screaming at her to get out.  Mama said he left because of her.  “Why couldn’t you have just done what he said?” She kept demanding.  “Why?  Why?  Why?”
“He was unreasonable,” Barbie screamed back.
“Get out!  You’re ungrateful!” she ran to her room crying.  Barbie had never seen her cry before.
Barbie still had Rave’s clothes in her hand when she realized that she had been standing in the parking lot, leaning against a lamppost for about fifteen minutes.  Mandy and Parker hadn’t come back.  She had hoped that they had just taken a little drive around the block, but now assumed that they went home.  The loneliness was so thick, she felt like she was dying.  What am I going to do?
She opened the door of her car and there was Rave, in the passenger seat, wet and shivering, with a wry grin on his face.  How did he get there?  Her mind was so conflicted, she didn’t know what to think or feel.  She was happy.  She was angry.  She was confused.  And then she became overwhelmed by love.  She desperately wanted to kiss him, embrace him and melt into his body, but something inside of her stopped her.  She pulled the seat belt around herself and snapped it in place.  Somehow she must have hoped that the seat belt would protect her.  She felt like a windup doll, wound too tight with no control over her fate—plastic legs and arms flailing back and forth in one place as she sat belted in the passenger seat.  She had never felt such inner intensity with no control over its release.  When he stared at her with those dark eyes, she forgot about everything.  The air felt thick and tasted salty.  She sat there entranced by his stare as the entire ocean seemed to pour into her rubber head.
Suddenly he stopped the connection, turning away for an instant.  The springs in her body were too tightly coiled with no emission as if the lever had been plucked from the windup key on the back of her plastic body and the stored energy within would remain forever trapped.  To her relief, though, she was saved when he resumed his stare, further penetrating her being.  She was perplexed, but simultaneously exalted when he edged away from her to the far side of his seat, shaking his head to and fro, seemingly belaying his desires, as if she were too pure to touch.
The ocean water gushed from her head and she was released into a warm misty cloud on some deserted tropical island.  They were the only two people in the world.  Though, now, there was something tragic about the way he looked at her.  There seemed to be this fear in him as if the fact that they had found each other was an inevitable tragedy.  It was as if he knew they were stranded on this deserted island and that in reality they would never be saved.  Nobody would come for them and they would be left alone.  For Barbie, being stranded alone with Rave was heavenly, but for him it seemed like his eyes would close forever and the darkness would engulf him.  Then he said, as if coming out of a heavy fog, “You are… you are a… a glowing lighthouse… a glowing lighthouse in a stormy sea that… that a tired and beaten down sailor can only dream of reaching.”  She almost laughed, but then she filled with anger and didn’t know why.
CHAPTER 12
Though Barbie returned home late last night, she didn’t mind the lack of sleep because she had found her soulmate.  Her parents hadn’t even noticed that she’d come in late, yet even if they had, they probably wouldn’t have said anything.  They regretted having kicked her out of the house two years prior and as a result had resigned to never enforcing rules upon her since.
It seemed strange to her that until she was sixteen, when her father went on his campaign to get her into Harvard, they hadn’t paid much attention to her at all.   Throughout her childhood, Mama had always been too busy working in real estate and her father working as a plastic surgeon to notice her.  Then one day for no reason at all, to her knowledge, her father decided to structure her life.  At the time, he was seeing a psychiatrist due to a sort of midlife crisis he was apparently experiencing, so possibly the psychiatrist had instructed him to put her on a rigorous schedule.  Who knows?  Psychiatrists can be such morons.  They must have realized in the therapy that he had neglected her.  Then, as a result, he went to the other extreme and tried to control every second of her life.
It might have been a felicitous idea had the structure been implemented when she was a young child and still malleable, but she was nearly an adult and frankly, according to her, set in her ways.  She wasn’t a disobedient teenager.  Had she been a troublemaker, maybe she would have understood his fanaticism.  But she was a decent girl.  I had only had sex with one boy so far and had already made it to sweepstakes in tons of dance competitions.  She was striving to be a Charger Cheerleader and a cosmetologist to support her endeavors.  After she achieved her goal of becoming a Charger Cheerleader, she planned to become a supermodel for Guess? and Victoria’s Secret.  If her father wanted her to become something different, he should have helped her become it when she was a child.  She was dying for some parental guidance and love.  Who did he think he was just waltzing into my life and turning it upside down because he decided on some stupid whim to be father of the month?
Well, who cares about all that idiotic junk now?  I sure don’t give a darn about it because now I’m in love.  Tonight at 7:00, Rave was taking Barbie out on their first official date.  He didn’t have a car, so he asked her to pick him up in the parking lot at Rennette Park after he finished playing air hockey.
It was morning and she lay in her bed, gazing up at the white canopy that her grandmother given her when Barbie was a child.  It was lacy and textured in white embroidery.  The canopy always made Barbie think of a bride on her wedding day.  She felt somehow protected under the canopy, yet the inexplicability of it haunted her mind throughout her childhood.  It was as if the secrets of the universe lay hidden in the threads of this white material, that the fabric somehow linked Barbie to a past long forgotten.  Since childhood, she had imagined nearly every night before falling asleep, running gaily through a grassy field with the white fabric flowing in the wind over her head.  This image soothed her, carrying her into slumber gently like a mother rocking an infant to sleep.
But now Barbie did not want to be soothed by the white threads; she wanted to review in her mind’s eye, like watching a savage rock video, every detail of the previous night.  Her mind was being caressed with the memory of Rave’s eyes penetrating hers.  The sound of his voice was sensual and rhythmical with the intensity of a Led Zeppelin song.  Barbie had been intimate with boys before, but with Rave it was different because he hadn’t actually physically touched her.  The intimacy with Rave was otherworldly, like being repeatedly strummed out of the universe by a great invisible electric guitar and then gently guided down a smooth flowing waterfall of musical notes.   As she remembered, she could imagine his jagged voice against her skin as if he were singing life into her right then and there and she had to stop herself because the music was overtaking her and what if Mama walked into the room and could tell what she was thinking.
Barbie directed her mind toward more practical matters—the intricate fantasies of transforming herself into her perception of Rave’s ideal woman.  She pondered the possibility of hypnotizing him as a femme fatal seductress, but thought better of it because intuitively she recognized that he wanted innocence and maybe a little bit of naiveté.  Mary Poppins was too square and Snow White too boring.  She would act innocent, a little air-headed possibly, but style herself sexy.   He mentioned he didn’t like models.  What man doesn’t like models?—she thought with an exclamation mark!  He just doesn’t think he could get one.  Barbie loved that Rave wasn’t arrogant or debauched like some of her past boyfriends whose biggest thrills were bragging about football victories and goggling over women’s body parts.  Rave wants beautiful and sexy because every man does.  The night before, he had mentioned that she didn’t need fake blonde hair, so Barbie decided to dye it a more natural color.  
Her latest supermodel obsession was Paulina Porizkova, so that was who she was going to be on this night.  On her wall, she had taped up a picture of Paulina from a Cosmo magazine that had served as a dieting motivational tool.  Barbie stood naked, gazing at herself in the mirror, comparing her body to Paulina’s.  After all the aerobics and rice cakes, their bodies were nearly identical.  Barbie was not as tall and had fuller breasts and a more rounded buttocks because of her implants, but every other body part looked the same.  Paulina was dressed in an emerald green, strapless tube dress and wore a chunky gold bracelet.  Her hair was long, medium brown and daringly messy as if she had just risen from bed.  The dress was not a problem because Barbie had sewn the same dress last month and was just waiting for an opportunity to wear it.  She didn’t have a gold bracelet, but her chunky silver bracelets would complement her silver Egyptian sandals that laced midway up her calves.  Now all she needed was to dye her hair golden brown and give herself some subtle blonde highlights, cut some wispy bangs and a few layers on the sides.  Why fuss with all this?—she thought.  Tonight was a special night, so she decided to pamper herself and go to the salon to get her hair done.  
Oh, no!  I can’t believe I almost forgot that my photo shoot with John Prince is this evening!  She was utterly shocked at herself for almost forgetting something sooooo important to her career.  Never before had she been this forgetful and careless.  How could she manage transforming herself into a Paulina, which would take a considerable amount of time at the beauty parlor and still make it to the photo shoot on time?  The photo shoot could take hours!  Oh the situation is so terrible!  She really didn’t know what to do.  Ordinarily, she would never choose a date with a guy over something as important as her modeling career, but she wanted to see Rave more than anything in the world.
Her indecisiveness made her anxious, so she tried to remember if she had ever seen any television shows or movies where one of the characters was faced with her dilemma.  Suddenly she remembered the seventies drama, “Happy Folks,” where the teenage girl, Laura, had to choose between going to the school dance and helping her boyfriend escape from a mental institution that his evil parents had forced him into.  If she went to the school dance, she would likely win Dance Queen and get her picture in the yearbook.  If she helped her boyfriend, they could be together forever, against the world in romantic bliss.  They’d make history like Bonnie and Clyde—two lovers against the world.  Laura chose the school dance; consequently, her boyfriend committed suicide in the mental institution.  Barbie would choose Rave—definitely—Rave was her choice.
She called the Sunrise Hotel and left a message with the clerk, saying she would have to reschedule her shoot at a later date.  The clerk agreed to give the message to the man in room 402 even though he said nobody by the name of John Prince was staying in that room.
“Tell him that I am soooooo sorry and made the mistake of double-booking myself.”
“I’ll relay the message.  Thank you for calling Sunrise.”  He hung up the phone.
She was so proud of herself for using the phrase, “double-booking,” because it sounded so professional and adult-like.         
****
 When she got home from the salon, Mama was quite surprised to see her new look.  She was in the kitchen making broccoli casserole for dinner, which Barbie abhorred, when she started discussing Barbie’s new hairdo.  “What happened to the Palomino locks?  Well, I deeee-clare, you look prettier and downright more natural as a brunette than a blonde, but kick the daisies and call me Susan, I miss that silky black hair of yours.”  She was touching Barbie’s hair while waving her spatula in the air in Kentucky dramatics.  “I reckon they used a spritz too much hairspray.  You’re a Rocky Mountain stallion now with the brown and blonde wisps all rearin’ up like that, but I like that it’s fuller than that flat look you’d been wearin’.  You were lookin’ like a worn out workhorse, drippin’ in the rain for a while there with that bleached flat mane.”
Barbie detested her subtle criticisms and being compared to horses, but nothing could bother her now that she’d met her soulmate.
“Mama, can’t you ever just be happy for me?” she asked, trying to feign annoyance while internally feeling overwhelmed with joy in her new state of romantic bliss.
“I’m happy.  Where you goin’ tonight!” she said more as a statement than as a question.
“Wouldn’t you like to know,” Barbie responded facetiously as she performed a childish pirouette and a little curtsy.
Mama laughed and shook her head.  “Somebody’s in love.”
“No I’m not!” Barbie said sternly, but then a giggle slipped out and she blushed.  “Oh, Mama, you wouldn’t believe what’s happening to me.  I met the guy…”  The phone rang.
“I have to get that.  Hopefully it’s Maggie Peters from the country club.”  She rushed over to the phone.  “Maggie?  Oh, Stewart.  Yes, yes, of course we’re comin’ to the banquet…”
Barbie stood there for a few minutes waiting for her to finish her conversation, but as usual she wasn’t really interested in Barbie and she got into a lengthy conversation with some Stewart about flower arrangements and catering for some banquet.  Then that Maggie called on the other line and they were discussing having a dog show at the country club next spring.
Barbie didn’t care though, now standing in her pink bathroom with her makeup tray before her, because she was feeling good, stepping out into her mind onto the city sidewalk at night and looking hotter than the lit cigarette on a billboard ad in a dark busy street.  Since she had gotten a little streetwalker, bar-talker with her new hairstyle, she wanted to underplay the makeup.  As they say in Sassy magazine, “less is more.”  She decided to play up her eyes, while leaving the rest of her face more subdued.  Instead of drawing the traditional precise line under the lower lashes with black eyeliner like an arrow pointing to a whore house, which is a bit harsh for a girl in love, she smudged it slightly, giving her eyes a smoldering look, like two violet lights blinking through a haze of downtown smog.  She added two coats of telephone wire mascara, a thin line of shimmery white shadow, straight and cool above as a jet stream in the sky, a subtle flush of stoplight red on the cheeks, and a nude gloss, slick as a wet apple on the promenade.
As she slipped into her strapless emerald green tube dress, like a mouse sliding into a snake’s mouth, and did some last minute finishing touches, like bleaching her teeth white as noise, powdering her nose as it grew, and spraying a touch of her favorite Poison perfume on her neck, as it hissed into the pink bathroom walls, she talked with Mandy on the telephone in naive contrast to the provocative image she had just created.
Also smack-happy smitten with Parker, Mandy giggled and sighed often, flipping the pages of her math book like an accordion in tune with Barbie’s animated chatter.  Hardly stopping to breathe, Barbie told her how she thought Rave had died last night, but luckily had only been playing a practical joke on her.  Mandy laughed child-giddy-hysterical for an entire minute, but even though Barbie didn’t particularly find the situation humorous, she joined in the laughter because of her heightened state of bliss.  The entire incident of thinking Rave was dead made her fearful, but because they were both on such highs from finding true love, everything seemed clown-circus happy.  The laughter seemed to take a life of its own, playing off each high rolling hula-hoop pitch into the next, shooting out of canons and sticking their heads in lions’ mouths, becoming so hysterical that they began laughing at each other laugh, sending the laughter into acrobatic flips and poodle dances of glee for nearly ten minutes.
CHAPTER 13
While Barbie drove to Rennette Park, she was nervous and excited at the same time.  She kept checking in her rear-view mirror to make sure she still looked like Paulina—which she did, except for her eyes because they were violet as a storm while Paulina’s were blue as Uranus and her nose because it was a little longer.  She really thought she looked like her especially when she tilted her head to the side and sucked in her cheeks a little so that her cheekbones were more pronounced.  But, the image didn’t seem complete to simply look like a supermodel—this bothered her—she needed to have a dynamic personality as well, so she decided to look like Paulina on the outside and act like the starring character, Sandy Olsson, from the movie, Grease, on the inside.  What an awesome idea!
When she stopped at the stoplight at the intersection of Washington and Anza, she was surprised to see John Prince right beside her in the parallel lane, smiling at her from the window of his red Trans Am.  She waved exuberantly at the familiar face.  He motioned her to roll down her window, but as she leaned over to unroll it, the light turned green.  Consequently, she shrugged her shoulders in animation, throwing her hands in the air and waving as she drove off.  She was embarrassed at the possibility of him having seen her marveling at herself in the mirror.  That would be soooo embarrassing!
She parked her Jeep in front of the recreation center.   Her clock said exactly 7:00 P.M., so she got out of the truck and went into the recreation room with the air hockey tables where Rave told her to meet him, but he wasn’t there.  She looked in the indoor basketball court, but there were just some kids on the court.  Assuming he must be in the restroom or something, she just leaned against the wall in the air hockey room while a couple of black guys who were playing air hockey tried to pick up on her.  She felt so self-conscious and uncomfortable, so she put the Sandy character on hold for the time being and tried to act cool and a little tough like Jody Foster in the film, Taxi Driver.
“Hey Baby, you want to play with me?” The taller of the two asked.  “This guy here’s a dope.  I bet you can hit a hardball.”
“Hey man, watch it,” the other guy said.  “The pretty lady wants to play with me.  Don’cha, hon?”
“Not especially,” she said with her arms folded under her chest as she shifted her weight to her other hip.  She wished she wasn’t dressed so sexy.  Had she been at a dance club, it would have been no big deal, but she looked so out of place at a recreation center.
The two guys looked at each other and smiled.  “Who you waiting for, little lady?” the taller one asked.
“Wouldn’t you like to know,” she responded derisively.
“Ooh, don’t mess with her.  She’ll kick yo’ ass.”  They both laughed as they re-engaged with their air hockey game.
“I’m looking for Rave Robinson,” she said in a tough voice.  “You know him?”
They looked at each other and shrugged. Then the taller one said,
“Nah, I can’t say we’ve had the pleasure of his acquaintance.  What you need some Rave fellow for when you got the real thing packaged up right here?”
“Would one of you mind checking in the bathroom to see if he is in there?”
The short one smiled affectionately, “Sure, little lady, I’d be honored to help a damsel in distress.”
“Get over it,” the other one said to his friend.
Right then Rave walked into the recreation room.  Barbie’s heart pounded.  He was even more handsome than she had remembered.  He reminded her of a forest.  His overgrown, thick, black hair hung low and straight, like black pine needles over his eyelids, giving him a mysterious edge.  As he walked toward her, his eyes gazed at her longingly and still as the black waters of a swamp hidden within the forest.  Her heart pounded faster.  Everything seemed to be moving in slow motion.  And she could hear the black guys in the room talking and laughing in muffled voices and the sounds echoed, as if they were far away deep in a canyon.  She was lost in the forest and she saw that Rave was dressed in black.  And then she started seeing only black and nothing else, so she leaned against the wall for support and felt this warm moist breath all around her, incasing her.  She opened her eyes and one of the black guys was pressed up against her, holding her up with his leg between her thighs.  Confusion swept over her and she didn’t know what was happening.  She was afraid.
She could hear Rave talking to her, ‘Barbie, Barbie, Barbie…’
She was on the Matterhorn at Disneyland with Mandy.  The passenger car was advancing very fast and rough with hard jerking movements, as it maneuvered and dipped, thrusting them up and down violently in their seats with each unexpected turn.  Mandy was sitting in front of Barbie and as they were coming around the side of the big white mountain, Barbie could see the ground down below and there was this man way down there, handing ice cream cones to his kids when all of a sudden, they whipped around the last turn and she flew out of her seat onto the outside edge of the car.  Mandy grabbed her just as it happened and pulled her back in.  They were shocked and didn’t say anything.  They never talked about it afterwards either.  They couldn’t talk about it because it was too weird how they were just doing what everyone else does—having a good time on a scary ride—and Barbie nearly died.  If she hadn’t pulled her in just at that second, she would have been dead.  We were just doing what everyone else does. We were just doing what everyone else does.   My head was spin, spin, spinning and I was sitting where I was placed.
The black guy had set her down on a chair that the other guy had gotten from a room across the courtyard.  Rave’s lyrical voice brought her back to consciousness, “Barbie, are you ok?”
“Yeah, I’m fine.  I just got a little dizzy is all.”  She felt so embarrassed.  One of the black guys handed her a can of soda.  “Oh, thank you, but I’m ok.  I’m not really thirsty.  But thanks,” she handed him back the soda.  ‘I’m ready to go,” she said to Rave as she stood up.  “I’m totally fine now, but I’d like to go.”   
CHAPTER 14
Barbie had never been to a Farrell’s Ice Cream Parlour.  Likely, she was the only person in San Diego who had not celebrated at least one family member’s or friend’s birthday at the mock turn-of-the-century old-fashioned restaurant which was reminiscent of a saloon from an old western film, but with a lot of glitz and kiddy delights.  Barbie was thrilled that Rave thought of taking her to such a puerile place because it revealed a droll side to him which was perplexing, further enhancing his mystery and allure.
As they walked up to the parlor, Barbie noticed a red Trans Am circle the parking lot and then drive away.  Rave appeared to have noticed Barbie looking at the car because he said, shaking his head, “Lame car.”
“I think Trans Ams are kinda cool.  Could you see who was driving?”
“Some loser—I’m sure.”
“It’s just that I know someone who has a car like that and I just thought for a second…”
“What?”
“Oh, never mind.”
When they entered the parlor with red brocade wallpaper and hanging floral Tiffany lamps, Barbie was giddy as a child to see the lavish candy displays in the front waiting room.  “Oh, look at all this yummy candy!  I could just eat it all up!”  She was giggling with joy.  “I’ve always wanted to come here!  It looks so tinselly and colorful with all the shiny wrappers and swirling lollipops, bubble gum tape, and… wow—Chic-O-Sticks!   And look at all those little American flags on wooden sticks!”
Rave was smiling at Barbie’s exuberance.  From one of the wooden barrels filled with sweets that sat below the multi-leveled confectionary shelves, he pulled out a string of hard candies that were connected to each other in purple plastic wrappers. “Have you ever tried Zots?  They fizz in your mouth once… once the candy coating melts.”
“Oh, yeah!  Mandy had those once at one of her birthday parties when we were kids.  I loved them.”  Barbie was picking up each type of candy and examining it.  “Oh!  A candy necklace!  I used to buy these from the ice cream man and then wear them around like all day!”
“Look at this,” Rave said.  “Have you ever eaten Pop Rocks?”
“No, I don’t think I’ve ever tried them.”
“You never heard about the kid who… who ate Pop Rocks while he was drinking cola and how his stomach exploded?”
“Oooh yeah.  I heard about that, but I didn’t know what Pop Rocks were.  It’s not really a true story though.”
“We have to get some on our way out.   They’re… they’re so cool.”  Rave motioned Barbie to the end of the foyer where there was a red stop sign that said, “STOP our handsome, loyal, thrifty, trustworthy, honest manager or his able assistant will seat you as soon as possible.”  Against the wall to the right were old-time games such as a personality tester, a mechanical fortune teller, and a stuffed-animal scooping machine.  Dixieland jazz was playing in the restaurant and every time someone put a quarter in the player piano that was against the front wall of the square-shaped restaurant, the background music cut out and a short rock-and-roll song such as The Bangles’ “Eternal Flame” or Elton John’s “I Don’t Wanna Go On With You Like That” or a familiar Disney tune such as “It’s a Small World After All” or “The Theme Song from the Haunted Mansion” played.  Then the Dixieland jazz music cut back in.
A waiter with a straw boater hat dressed in a paisley vest, bow tie, and garter band came to seat them.  As they followed him to their booth, he pointed out the old fashioned soda fountain where he said they could order a Boston Cooler or a Green River.  Suspended from the ceiling, above the soda fountain, was a big ceramic clown in a red and white striped full body swimsuit stuffed through a polka dot inner tube, swimming through the air.  The wallpaper in the seating section was of old fashioned newsprint on some walls and the red brocade on the others.  And every time somebody ordered The Zoo sundae for their birthday, which was quite often, two waiters carried the gigantic sundae on a red stretcher over their heads and ran around the restaurant sounding sirens, bells, and whistles while another employee banged on the enormous Farrell’s drum.   
When they got to their booth, Barbie’s nervousness returned as she sat down on the red plush cushions across from Rave.  She reminded herself that tonight she was going to act like Sandy from the film, Grease.  Danny loved Sandy because she was his opposite—she was virginal and sweet, while he was cocky and rebellious.  Sandy was a perfect choice for the night to cement her relationship with Rave because Barbie was dressed dangerous and sexy like Paulina which was comparable in fashion to Sandy’s style after her transformation in the final scene of the film when she was dressed in hot pants with teased hair, but Sandy still maintained her innocence just as did Barbie.  “Did you ever see the movie, Grease?” Barbie asked Rave. 
“Uh, yeah, yeah I saw it.”  Rave was looking at the menu which resembled a newspaper.  Then he looked up with a smirk on his face and said, “It was ‘outstaaaaaaaanding.’”  He lowered his voice and drew out the word “outstanding” the way he and Parker had done the night before in their playful banter. 
“Who was your favorite character in the movie?”
“I liked Crater Face.”
“Oh, gross!  How could you like him?  He was the bad guy.”
“Yeah, well…” he paused and then smiled slyly as he said, “…yeah.”
“I meant who was your favorite girl character?”
“I…I never really thought about it.  Well, uh, I… thought that beauty school dropout girl, French… yeah, Frenchy was ridiculous.  I mean why’d they put that corny beauty school dropout scene in the movie, but Sandy…Sandy was hot.  Of course, every… every guy liked Sandy.  I mean the movie was about her.  I liked her.  What about you?  You didn’t like Crater Face?”  Rave chuckled.
“Disgusting!  No, I liked Danny.  I used to fantasize about him as a little girl.  Nothing major or anything.  Just you know, I thought he was cute.  I guess.”  Barbie blushed.  “Never mind about that.  I liked him though.  He seemed nice.”  
“You changed your hair,” Rave said.
“Yeah.”
“It’s different from last night.  It’s…it’s beautiful.  You’re beautiful,” he paused and looked at her intensely.  “I like the color better.  It suits you.  You don’t need to wear makeup.  You’re…you’re beautiful.  You don’t need makeup.”
“Thank you.  I can’t imagine not wearing makeup.  I’d look so washed out.”
“You’d look beautiful.  I don’t like makeup.”  
Barbie’s face reddened in response to his compliments.  She felt strange that his compliments made her feel complete as if his words were medicines that were curing her from a disease—the disease being her hidden insecurities, her separation from reality.  Although Barbie was not in touch with this, Rave was a drug for her and she needed him to fill her gaps and to coat her vulnerabilities.  He was her aspirin from reality.  He was her Christ, her intermediary to her ultimate idol, that being herself.  It had not occurred to Barbie that there was a reality beyond her present perceptions.
Rave was gazing at Barbie, caressing her with his intoxicating dark eyes.  She noticed how when he looked at her, he didn’t waver or flinch, as did most people.  He stared confidently, with ease and comfort.  The black pupils of his eyes seemed huge, like oil spills taking over stagnant ponds.  These moments, when Rave stared at Barbie, revealed his true essence, she thought, while the playful banters with Parker and his use of their shared expressions were evasions from pain and attempts to seem normal.  It was as if he wanted to be Parker, happy, playful, and popular, yet he was something much different, much more complicated.
Just as Rave was asking Barbie if she was ready to order, the sirens, bells, and whistles sounded, the drum banged and the waiters with their stretcher ran around the restaurant to and fro with The Zoo sundae for a little boy’s birthday party.  His friends, with party cone hats on their heads, had excited expressions on their faces, and were either pointing at the ice cream on the stretcher, hitting each other, or blowing their party favors.  When the waiters arrived at the party table, one waiter called for everyone’s attention and tried to get the birthday boy to stand on his chair, which he kept refusing to do, until his father agreed to stand on the chair with him.  Once the father and son were standing on the chair, the waiters sang a peppy version of the birthday song and the restaurant customers cheered as if this was the most remarkable event of their lives.
“What are you going to order?” Barbie asked, as she looked nervously through the menu.
“I’m getting a Whamburger, a vanilla coke, and a Black and White for desert.” 
“What’s a Black and White?”
“It’s a…a,” he looked at the menu.  “It’s chocolate and vanilla ice cream, hot fudge, marshmallow topping, whipped cream, nuts and a…a cherry.”
“I’ll get a cup of mushroom barley soup.  I’m not that hungry.”
“I’m not letting you get away with that.  We need to fatten you up.”
“No, really, that’s all I want.”
“Why are you talking with an Australian accent?”
 Barbie blushed.  She had immersed her being so entirely into the Sandy character, who spoke in an Australian dialect that she hadn’t realized that she had mistakenly taken on the vernacular.  “Oh, I didn’t realize I was talking with an accent.  I’ve been talking an extra lot on the telephone with a friend who is Australian and I must have picked up on her accent.  She’s been, like, having all these problems, so I’ve, umm, been trying to help out by providing a comforting ear.  You know what I mean?” 
“Yeah…yeah.  No cup of soup for you.  We’re…we’re going to have to get you the… The Pig’s Trough for desert.”
Barbie giggled feeling pleased that Rave was actually pushing her to eat food, while her last boyfriend, Rich Sanders, was always telling her to not eat too much in fear that she might ruin her slim figure.  “What’s The Pig’s Trough?”
“Oh, it’s just a double banana split.  And when you finish it, you…you receive an award.”
“Have you ever finished one?”
“Uh, uh… ‘outstaaaaaaaanding,’” he said looking away facetiously.
“What’s that mean?” she asked feeling perplexed.  “Yes or no?”
He looked at her as if feigning deep contemplation and responded, “No,” and then smiled.     
Barbie giggled, “You’re kind of goofy, but I like it.  Fine, I’ll have a Diet Pepsi float after my soup.”
“Oooo, you’re…you’re living on the edge.  You’re too thin.  You need to eat more.”
“Yes, Doctor Robinson,” Barbie responded sarcastically, while inwardly beaming with glee that he would actually like her even if she gained weight.  Keeping her weight so low had always been a constant stress.  She couldn’t eat normal meals like most people and she always had to pretend like she was eating so that relatives wouldn’t give her a hard time.  Even with Rave’s approval, she wouldn’t dare gain weight, but knowing that her value to him wasn’t based on her weight, gave her a sense of relief.
****
As the waiter placed her cup of soup on the table, Barbie suddenly felt consumed with self-consciousness.  Her hands trembled as she looked at the mushrooms floating in a dark gelatinous liquid, the steam rising in her face.  She was terrified to eat in front of Rave.  A suffocating fear of humiliation began to wrap around her throat and she began to worry obsessively that she might get food on her face or spill on her dress.  What would she do if a brown, muddy smear of soup leaped onto her beautiful green tube dress, causing her to look like pond scum rather than Paulina?  Taking in a deep breath of air to calm herself, she thought about Sandy and how blonde and gorgeous she was and this seemed to distract her for a moment.  Oh no!  The fear is back!  Desperately she stared into her soup hoping to summon an escapist thought into her consciousness.  The steam was dancing above the soup.  It looked—Pink, pink, pink!  This thought brought her to a new sphere of hope for redemption—she remembered a suntanned-hair-growing Barbie Doll she had as a child!  All you had to do was press the button on her plastic back and her hair just grew and grew becoming more and more beautiful with each press.  She reached her arm around to the middle of her back and pressed.  Nothing happened.  So, she tilted her head back and screamed silently in her mind, “Barbie power now!”  The pink fairy dust did not fall from the ceiling.  
Her nose began to tickle.  Oh phooey—please don’t grow now!  It didn’t grow much—just a glitter.  My, oh my, she was feeling neurotic, so to mask her fears, she began asking a lot of questions.  “Have you ever smoked marijuana?”   
“Uh, yeah…yeah, sure.  Have you?”
“Of course not!” she responded, trying to sound innocent and prudish like Sandy, but without the accent.  “It’s illegal and damaging to the lungs.”  She noticed that Rave seemed uncomfortable, so she quickly decided to tone down her didactic approach a bit for her next question.  She inhaled deeply, thought of Paulina’s long, thin legs, leaned back in her seat and smiled flirtatiously at Rave, as she exhaled, feeling suddenly more in control. “When you tried it, what was it like?”
Rave also seemed to relax and seemed soothed by her transition.
“It…it relaxed me.  Made me feel superior in some ways.”
She tasted her soup.  It was warm and salty.  “What do you mean by ‘superior’?”
“You know—feelings of…feelings of grandeur, I suppose…”
“Oh.”  Barbie didn’t know what grandeur meant, but it sounded like a familiar word.
“...like I could conquer Wall Street or I…I could wipe out the human race.”  Barbie’s eyes widened in disapproval.  “Nah, I’m…I’m just…just kidding.  I felt like I could write the Great American Novel—especially that time I was getting high in the tomato garden when the clouds opened up and I could see that there was nothing behind them—just empty space.  Then I…I knew I was a poet.  I knew I’d fit in with all the Greats who saw the world as random chaos with no true…true rhyme or reason, only that which…which we could invent on the page.  That empty space seemed a canvas for my inventions, but then…then some star fell from the sky and…and landed…landed on my arm screwing everything up.  See.”  He lifted up the sleeve of his t-shirt to show Barbie the star-shaped scar burned in his flesh.
“Ouch!” Barbie retreated as she flinched at the scar.  “That’s crazy.  How could a star from the sky fall on your arm and then leave a burn mark shaped like that?” She leaned in closely to examine the scar, feeling his breath on her hair.  “Real stars aren’t even shaped like that.  That’s shaped kind of like one of those stars that a teacher like stamps on your paper when you like get an A on your math assignment or something.  Actually…”  She looked closer.  “It looks more like a sheriff’s badge with six points.”      
“That’s...that’s just what…what happened,” Rave smiled and took a bite of his Whamburger.  “At least that’s…that’s how I remember it.”
“Did that kidnapper burn that into your skin?”  
He appeared suddenly uncomfortable, responding in slight irritation, “It fell from the sky, like I said.”
Just then the waiter walked up and asked how the meal was.  Rave, wiping perspiration from his forehead, asked for his sundae and for Barbie’s ice cream float as he glanced around the restaurant anxiously.  The waiter refilled Barbie’s water glass and removed her half consumed soup bowl from the table because she had pushed it to the side, indicating that she was finished.
“Would you like to dine and ditch?” Rave asked, raising his eye brows.
Barbie feigned Sandy indignation, which was easy because she honestly felt a twinge of discomfort, “What!  Of course not.”
“Just checking,” Rave snickered.
“Don’t you have the money?”
“Yeah, I got the money.  I…I just think this place is full of itself and it…it would tie that lady’s panties in a knot.”  He pointed at an uptight woman with wide rimmed glasses, sitting across from them, who had been scolding her son all night for various infractions and was now reprimanding him for sticking his gum under the table.  “She’d have a fit.  She’d be mortified that her son had…had been exposed to criminals at Farrell’s.  I bet she’d sue the joint.”
“Yeah, she’s pretty relentless with her son.  I hate it so much when parents are overly critical with their kids,” Barbie replied.  “My parents were like that with me growing up.  It was like nothing I ever did was good enough.  Parents think they’re doing something good for their kids by meticulously shaping them into high achievers, but really they’re just screwing them up.  A kid will only try so long to live up to her parents’ expectations.  If the parent is never satisfied or like their expectations are unrealistic or overbearing, the kid will rebel.  I don’t know why my parents were so stupid.”  Barbie realized that she was falling out of character, but her feelings were taking over.
“Did you rebel?”
“Yeah, my father cornered me, telling me it was his way or the highway.  I would have chosen his way had it been possible, but his expectations were so insane.  And to top it off, after he freaked out on me, he just took off and didn’t even come back for like a super long time.  Once he left, my mother blamed it on me and kicked me out.”
“Where’d you go?”
Barbie tried to restrain herself recognizing that Sandy wouldn’t tell a childhood sob story to Danny on a first date.  In fact, she realized, Sandy probably didn’t have any sob stories to tell.  She was likely raised by doting parents that were perfect in everyway like an Australian version of June and Ward Cleaver from the 1950s television show, “Leave It to Beaver.”
Rave repeated his question, “Where…where did you go?”
“Oh, I didn’t know where to go, so I hid out in my boyfriend, Rich Sander’s, garage for a while.”  Barbie looked around the room and saw two little boys running around their table squirting each other with water guns.  She looked at the clown in the inner tube that was suspended from the ceiling and it seemed to be laughing at her.  “It was so tough because I didn’t really like that boyfriend anyway and he had to keep my stay a secret from his parents.  I think he was hoping that if he let me stay, he’d get some action, which he didn’t get much, so after about a month he told me his parents were, like, converting the garage into a guesthouse and there’d be too many people going in and out of the garage to keep me a secret.  But, I knew that was a lie.”
“What a bastard.”
Barbie smiled, “Yeah, he was a jerk on many levels.”
“So, what did you do?”  Rave asked, seeming genuinely interested.
“Well, then I talked Mandy into hiding me out in the tack room of her barn.  She was very reluctant because she never kept secrets from her parents.  She kept trying to convince me to talk with her parents, saying that they’d let me stay in the house, but I knew they’d tell my parents and honestly, I, like, wanted my parents to worry about me.”  Barbie’s eyes welled up briefly, but in embarrassment, she subdued her feelings.
“What did you do during the…the daytime?  You must have quit going to school otherwise…otherwise your parents would have found you—that…that is if they wanted to find you.”
“I don’t think they wanted to find me, but yeah, I didn’t go to school.  I got a job working at the concession stand at Roller World.  At first it was kind of corny watching all the colors from the disco strobe lights as kids skated hand in hand to the sappy love songs.  Weird, creepy men would flirt with me and try to get me to skate with them whenever a slow song came on.  I remember watching the Hokey Pokey day after day with the skaters all joined in a circle as they sang: ‘Put your right foot in.  Put your right foot out…’” she shrugged her shoulders and sighed.
Rave nodded, “I remember that song.”
“Yeah.  After a while, I got used to Roller World and its rituals and grew to like the predictability of it, but something about it was always kind of eerie.   When I wasn’t working, I mostly walked around the mall.  It was lonely.  And then at night, I’d go to the gym because I had a membership.  I’d take an aerobics class or use the machines.  The great thing was that I could use the gym showers and hair dryers, so I didn’t look homeless or anything.  Mandy loaned me clothes and I had some stuff with me that I threw in a duffel bag before I left the house.  It was all really depressing though, especially at night, sleeping in the tack room feeling so lonely and afraid.  And it was scary too in the darkness with all those insects.”
“How long did you hide out in Mandy’s tack room?”
“I stayed there for, like, almost two months before her father got suspicious when he caught Mandy going out back late at night a few times to bring me food.  She’d make up excuses—like that she was going to check on her horse because it seemed a little colicky earlier in the day or that she left her backpack out by the corrals by mistake.  But after a while, he put two and two together.”  The sirens, bells and whistles sounded and the waiters charged through the restaurant.  Barbie rolled her eyes and laughed uncomfortably.
After the waiters sang the birthday song, Rave asked, “So, you were…were saying that Mandy’s father figured out that you were staying in their barn.”
“Yeah, so, one night instead of Mandy coming out to bring me food, her father brought the food.  When I saw him, I screamed.  I was so startled.  He was really nice, as usual, but of course he, like, wanted to tell my parents where I was.  So, I lied and said we could tell them in the morning.  He told me to sleep in Mandy’s room with her.  I got my stuff and after he and Mandy’s mother went to sleep, I left.  I was so angry and heartbroken by my parents and I figured they wished I was dead, so I snuck back into that ex-boyfriend’s garage without him knowing it that night.  After that, things got pretty bad for the next couple of weeks trying to talk different people from work into letting me sleep on their couches, and trying to get enough food and what not.  So, one rainy night, when I couldn’t find a place to stay and I was so hungry, I called my mother and asked for a loaf of bread.  Her voice was sort of shaky sounding, which I couldn’t really read, but then she said I could come home.  When I got home, she looked like she might have been crying, but I wasn’t sure.  Then she embraced me and started yelling at me.  But, then she said she was glad to have me home.”
“What happened to your dad?”
“Mama said he had had a nervous breakdown or something and was taking some time to himself—traveling around Europe as had been his stupid childhood dream.  She said he’d be back in a month, but he didn’t come home until like the next year.  From the day that he kicked me out until the day he came back was one year and two months in total.  He just went back to his former quiet self, hardly ever speaking to me, but lucky for me, he never tried to structure my life again.  In fact, I have had pretty much free reign to do whatever I wanted since I returned home.”
“Wow, I am sorry that happened to you.  You had a rough time.”          
“Yeah, it was tough.  But, what about you?  What are your parents like?”
Rave shifted in his seat uneasily, “You sure you don’t want to dine and ditch?”
Barbie looked at Rave and smiled gently as she said, “Ok, let’s dine and ditch.”
****
While Farrell’s was abuzz with laughter, chit chat, crying children, the player piano pounded out a piano rendition of Cindi Lauper’s “Girls Just Want to Have Fun.”  Barbie wanted to have fun; she wanted to unveil herself and bask in the delicious sensuality of the forbidden.  Her grandmother’s canopy seemed a sort of mythical cage now, marking moral boundaries, separating her from perceived redemption.  Images of the white fabric flowed through the air in her mind.  “So, how about we, like, put a piece of glass in the food and then like complain to the waiter,” Barbie suggested.  “They’ll give us the meal free cause they like want to avoid a lawsuit.  I saw it in a movie once.”
Rave grinned at her endearingly, as if she were a little girl in need of guidance.  “Nah, too cliché.  You…you wait here while…while… I need to use the toilet.  I’ll be right back.”  He grabbed his heavy overcoat.  “Signal the waiter over and ask him to refill my soda and get…get a refill on your water.”
Without delay, Barbie signaled the waiter, following Rave’s directions, and then sent him to get refills.  She sat there for a moment twirling her hair between her fingers, glancing around the restaurant, and then looking under the table at all the colorful chewed gum wads stuck beneath.  When Rave returned to the booth, he told her to go have her fortune told at the mechanical fortune teller in the candy/waiting room of the restaurant where he’d meet her shortly.  
She looked at him inquisitively, blinking her glittering eyes, the white shadow on her lids melting like snow from the lights overhead that seemed hot to her now.
“Don’t worry about it,” he said.  “Everything’s taken care of.”
Her eyes filled like a glassy puddle from the snow water.
Suddenly, she felt lost in a field and all the snow was melting around her.  The world seemed so very fierce and cold.
It was cold now.
Turning away to hide her thoughts, she grabbed her handbag quickly and went to the fortune teller machine.  Internally, her body was racing with adrenaline, but externally, she maintained a calm façade.  What is his plan?  Why didn’t he explain it to me?
The fortune teller was a life-sized ceramic woman with sharp features, ghostly eyes, and a sharp red slit for a mouth that sat inside of a wooden booth.  Upon her head, rested a large emerald turban coiled up like a snake and upon her body draped a long black cloak, translucent as a shadow.  Barbie stared at the crystal ball resting in the fortune teller’s hands, as she inhaled deeply, her heart beating fast in her chest.  Quickly, she glanced over at the table where Rave was finishing his soda and observed the waiter pointing to the entry/exit way, as he handed Rave the check.  Wiping her eyes with her delicate, shaking fingers, Barbie looked at the exit door, near the candy section, where the cashier was located.  He was cashing a customer out as he chatted about being from Dallas.
Taking in another deep breath, she put a quarter in the machine and the crystal ball lit up as the fortune teller blinked and raised her hands over the ball.  The ceramic woman suddenly looked up from the crystal ball, wide-eyed, directly into Barbie’s glassy eyes.  An icicle, so chilling and convulsive, sliced through Barbie’s body.  With a maniacal laugh, mouth open, head tilted back, the fortune teller demanded, “Take your fate.”  The machine spit out a card and Barbie took it.  
The restaurant smelled of smoke.
Quivering, she read the card:  The only true reality is light—all else is an illusion—just as I am.  She dropped the card to the floor.  The fortune teller appeared to her now to be dark and coarse, physical, and anything, but light.  Her head ached, her nose began to shrink, but her hands felt so hard and plastic; she wondered if light was beneath their physical surface.  Smoke was exuding from the men’s restroom.  Her head pounded and all her thoughts retreated into some movie reel on the shelves of her mind and seemed to hide from consciousness.  Some of the customers in the restaurant were looking around inquisitively, raising their chins as if sniffing the air, tapping on their partner’s shoulders.
Then Rave yelled out, “Fire!  There’s a fire!”  He ran to Barbie and grabbed her by the arm and quickly guided her toward the exit.  Other people in the restaurant started running for the door, while others looked around stunned, holding onto their children’s shoulders or wrists.  Rave yelled to the cashier, “There’s a fire coming from the restroom.”
“What?”  The cashier looked alarmed.  People started running out of the restaurant.
“A fire!” Barbie said, as she and Rave ran out the door.
When they got inside Barbie’s car, she said accusingly, “How could you set the restaurant on fire?”  Rave started the car as she continued, “People could get hurt or like even die.  Why’d you do such a horrible thing?”  She started crying.  “How could you?”
“Calm…calm down.  It…it was only a…a smoke bomb,” Looking over his shoulder, he backed out of the parking space.  “It just lets…lets out a lot of smoke—not fire.”
“So, nobody could get hurt?  It’s just smoke?”
“Yeah.  Nobody could…could get hurt,” he looked at Barbie affectionately and then, screeching the tires, he pulled out of the parking lot.
Barbie giggled in relief, “You really freaked me out.  That was like such a smart idea.  How did you get a smoke bomb?”
“They’re…they’re easy to get.  There’s mail order magazines for fireworks and other ways, but I made this one.”
“Watch out!” Barbie screamed, as Rave slammed the brakes at a red light.  She didn’t want to embarrass him for not initially noticing the red light, so deflecting the attention off his mistake, she continued, “You made it?  How did you do that?”
As they waited at the light, Rave started tapping out a heavy metal song with his fingers against the steering wheel. “A buddy of mine taught me.  I can make some that smoke up a…a whole neighborhood.”
“What song are you playing with your fingers?”
“It’s Metallica,” Rave seemed lost in the rhythm, in the intensity of his victory.  “We did it.  They’ll never know it was us.”  With his eyes closed, seemingly in a state of drummer’s nirvana, his head slowly rose to the accelerando of the set and finished with a quick snap forward, as his eyes opened.  He looked at Barbie flirtatiously and smiled coolly.  Barbie’s body tingled in rapture as his cold, dark pupils imprinted the hollowness of her plastic body.  The light turned green.
“Your pupils are so large,” Barbie said, as she basked in the intensity of the night.  “It’s as if you’re other worldly.  I’ve never seen such large pupils.”
“Yeah, I’m…I’m from the ‘Twilight Zone,’” he smirked.
“You know what I mean.”
“Uh, actually,” he paused and responded dryly, “I don’t.”
Barbie liked the rhythm of his voice and the almost contrived manner in which he paused in the midst of sentences with a confident air.
Looking in the side mirror, as he merged onto the freeway, he continued, “But, I…I expect to know everything about you—every detail of every part of you.  That…that is my intention.”
For an instant, Barbie felt as if she could not breathe.  No man had ever confessed with such confidence and conviction inner feelings of this manner.  The foreignness of his proclaimed intentions aroused Barbie, lighting a tiny alien flame within her heart.  It was only a slight flicker, yet unexplainable, exotic in nature.  This flicker seemed to elevate Barbie, as if an inner flame had been ignited and then turned up the slightest notch.  The diminutive flame was more esoteric than her perceived soul connection from the night prior.  The flicker seemed to be burning away something old, while making space for something new.  She felt high and bursting with life.  For the rest of the drive, neither of them uttered a word.  Barbie was unable to speak and Rave seemed to be in deep contemplation.
The night air was thick and heavy, casting shadows with flickers of light from the city left behind, as the Jeep, like a shiny metal snake, slithered up the windy road of Shadow Mountain to a secluded place at the peak where young people parked to grope each other under the dark sky.  To Barbie’s surprise and dismay, Rave did not attempt any physical contact with her the entire night.  With his flirtatious conversation and penetrating stare, he trifled with her emotions, intentionally or unintentionally—it could not be clear to an onlooker, drawing her in and then, slightly turning away to gaze out the window aloofly as a subtle rejection, like a cat cruelly toying with a mouse—the mouse inwardly begging for relief, while the cat gently loosening its grip, letting it out of its clutch for an instant and pulling it back in, slowly clawing and biting at its tail, its neck, until it surrenders helplessly, passively, entirely to the cat.  Oblivious to this possible design, Barbie was only aware of the deepening of her emotions, her increasing desire, and her ever growing love for her soulmate, her rock and her redeemer.         
CHAPTER 15
Foxmore Beauty Academy, an extension program of Foxmore Community College, was located in an old, non-distinct, white washed building situated across the street from The Salvation Army in a rundown business district on the corner of Main and Third in downtown El Cajon.  The building contained a front main office that smelled of coffee and pastries, three classrooms that smelled of perm solutions and other sharp smelling liquids, and a bathroom off the hall that smelled of lilac air freshener and cigarettes.  Because Barbie was a first semester student, her classroom was the smallest of the three square-shaped rooms with gaudy flamingo pink walls and sea foam green trim moldings, reminiscent of early ’80’s Floridian design.  In the front of her classroom, there was a large green chalkboard, a lecture pulpit, and the teacher’s desk with drawers.  In the middle, there were three rows of rectangular tables with chairs.  And in the back, there were two hair washing basins and two sit down hair dryers.
Now, sitting in the cool air conditioned room with their mannequin heads firmly fastened down on the tables, the students listened to Mrs. Sanders, an uptight middle aged woman with short black roller-set hair, demonstrate a finger wave on her mannequin head which was fastened to the pulpit.  “First you heavily sprits the mannequin’s hair with water and then smooth styling lotion over the hair, thoroughly saturating until it is nice and wet.”  She combed the wet hair smooth.  “Then with your comb, slide the first section of hair forward while directing the hair above and below the comb in the opposite direction as such.  You want the hair to be neat and smooth much in the form of a wave.”  Mrs. Sanders looked up.  “There, you see.  She’s looking much like a 1920’s flapper.”
Kimberly Jenkins, a blonde quarrelsome young woman, interjected, “What’s the point of this Mrs. Sanders?  Nobody wears their hair like that anymore?”
“Not so Kimberly.  The finger wave has crossed all eras.  Yet, that is not relevant to our learning, for the finger wave teaches control and technique and is going to be on the state licensing exam…”  She paused and looked around the room at the students’ faces.  “…so get used to it.  We’ll be doing finger waves regularly.”
Barbie began working on her mannequin head with heightened confidence—exhilarated from her adventures with Rave the night prior.  Everything that had seemed burdensome or mundane in the past now seemed effortless and exalted.  She felt superior, in a sense, to the other girls now that she had met Rave.  I’m the luckiest girl in the world—higher than anyone!  The thought caused her cheeks to blush pink as sponge rollers.  Oh, how I wish everybody could experience true love as I have.  Her mind twirled on its frontal lobe toes in triple pirouette.   I wish everyone could be as happy as me!
Her thoughts pivot stepped into a reminiscent daydream of her first night with Rave at the ocean, as they walked along the shoreline to the pier.  Fan kick—she remembered seeing and feeling the waves rise and fall in a rhythmic, awesome dance—shoulder roll, barrel turn, jazz split.  Inspired by the memory, she thoroughly saturated the hair into a dark ocean of water and styling lotion, combed it straight and began sliding the comb through the hair like an oar slicing the water.  Wielding the oar precisely, she guided the hair, running her fingers around and over the waves fluidly to the rhythm of the ocean dance, until the entire head of hair was positioned into preeminent three-dimensional waves.
“Ok, students, make sure you don’t strain or drag the hair,” Mrs. Sanders interjected, as she positioned Rosa Sanchez’s comb into the hair.  “The comb must be positioned against the scalp.”  Mrs. Sanders slowly weaved in and out through the rows of tables criticizing and praising various students’ works.
Some of the girls were complimenting Barbie’s finger waves, envious of her creation.  From across the table, Kimberly Jenkins yelled at Barbie, “You’re not supposed to make the waves like that—all raised up off the head!  It’s supposed to be flat!  Right, Mrs. Sanders?”  Kimberly Jenkins was a thin, average looking blonde who wore heavy makeup, dressed in cheap risqué clothing and tried too hard to look attractive.
Mrs. Sanders walked over to Barbie’s station and examined her mannequin head.  “The assignment was to make two-dimensional finger waves, not three, but in a few weeks we will be learning three-dimensional waves after we’ve perfected the two-dimensional.”  She turned to Barbie, “Who taught you three-dimensional waves?”
“Nobody taught me, Mrs. Sanders.  Sometimes I just tap into another world and this time, this is how it turned out.”
“Well,” Mrs. Sanders appeared perplexed.  “You should follow the assignments and stay out of that world while you’re in class.  We don’t have time for experimentation.  Brush out the hair and start over.”
“Yes, Mrs. Sanders.”  Normally Barbie would have been hurt or offended by a teacher’s rebukes, but today she was not able to let this affect her because she felt above all reproach.   Consequently, she sloppily finger waved the hair into a two-dimensional design, put her head down on the table, and returned to her fantastic thoughts.
“Barbie!” Kimberly called out from across the table.
Startled, she jerked her head up and looked over at Kimberly.
“Are you going out with Rave Robinson?”
Her forwardness embarrassed Barbie.  The room seemed brighter suddenly, as if she were sitting under a spotlight.  Feeling the perspiration rising to the surface on her forehead, she glanced around the room to see if anyone else was listening.  A few of the students looked up, but most seemed uninterested, likely used to Kimberly’s obnoxious behaviors.  Barbie was uncomfortable speaking openly about her new love interest to a girl she hardly knew and even more uncomfortable speaking before a room of people.  “I didn’t realize that you were friends with Rave.”
“Well, I know about him is all.  I heard you were making out with him in TJ.”
Barbie was indignant.  “I wasn’t making out with him!  Who told you that?”
“Everybody knows the two of you are seeing each other.  Parker Pennington told Suzie Albers and Suzie Albers told Liz Strothers and Liz told me.”
She was appalled that rumors were already starting about her relationship with Rave.  “I didn’t know you knew Parker or Rave,” she spoke softly, trying to tame her anger, as it writhed in invisible smoke over her head.  “I thought you went to El Cajon High School?”
“Yeah, so did Parker Pennington.  Rave Robinson used to hang around at school sometimes with Parker or I’d see him at parties.  And Rave Robinson used to go out with Suzie Albers when we were in high school.  Suzie Albers went to my school.  You went to Lexington High, right?”
“Yeah,” Barbie was visibly upset now, her throat tightening, her cheeks red as Kimberly’s long fingernails.  “I don’t know why people can’t like just keep their mouths shut and mind their own business.  I wasn’t making out with him in Mexico and it’s nobody’s business anyway.”
“Elvira and I are going to Deliville for lunch.  You want to come?”
Considering she thought that Kimberly wasn’t fond of her, the invitation surprised her.  But she accepted anyway, hoping that if she made friends with her, she would have a more peaceful experience at school.  Her anger waded over her head, glaring down at her as it swung from the fluorescent lights above her desk, but she tried to ignore it.  School had only started a week ago and she hadn’t made close friends with anyone yet.  Kimberly Jenkins and Elvira Lopez seemed to be the most confident, outspoken students in the class; therefore, the most popular in the sense that bullies most often rule.  It would be wise to get on their good sides.
After pretending to excuse herself to the restroom, Barbie sneaked outside into the summer heat to the back parking lot.  The contrast between the air conditioned building and the outside was stifling.  It was already so hot out that greasy waves of heat seemed to be wafting up off the black baking asphalt.  When she opened the door to her Jeep, hot air exhaled stale and thick onto her face.  She reached over to the passenger seat and pulled her pink teddy bear tote bag onto the driver’s seat, burning her hand on the hot leather upholstery.  The pain was sharp, but quickly faded.  Sifting through the bag, she retrieved a piece of paper and an envelope that she had placed in the bag prior to leaving for school early this past morning.  Her delicate hand now wobbled slightly as she tried to use the surface of the seat to write this letter:
Dear Farrell’s,
Last night we ran out of your restaurant in a hurry because of the smoke.  Here is the money for our bill and the waiter’s tip.  Enclosed is $35 ($30 more than covers the check and $5 is for John, the waiter). 
Sincerely,
A Concerned Customer
She wrote the letter in a disguised handwriting that she figured could not be detected as her own and put it in the stamped envelope with the cash, grimacing at the taste of the sticky glue as she licked it.  Her hair was dampening at the nape of her neck from perspiration and the chatter running through her mind down the brown locks, like mud slides.  Shutting the car door, she scurried weakly away, with the baking sun beating down upon her head, over to the telephone booth behind the cosmetology building.  The heat was smothering in the booth, so she pushed herself to quickly look up Farrell’s in the phone book, but her hands fumbled through the pages.  Wiping her forehead with the back of her hand, she scribbled the address in the same non-distinguishable handwriting on the envelope.
Stepping out of the phone booth, her pulse raced when she noticed the school receptionist standing outside, leaning against a telephone pole, watching her, as she smoked a cigarette.  She couldn’t possibly know what I’m doing. The thought reassured her, though beads of perspiration rolled down her chest.  Now, self-conscious that she was being observed, she pushed her shoulders back to feign confidence.  And as a distraction, she waggled the front of her blouse up and down to let in some air, attempting to dry the perspiration.  She waved briefly to the receptionist and walked briskly through the thick air over to the mailbox at the corner of the street and dropped the letter in.
“What are you doing?”  John Prince walked up from behind, just as she dropped the envelope in the mailbox, her hand still hot on the handle.
“Oh my gosh!”  She released a sudden loud yelp.  “You totally scared me!”
“I’m sorry.”  He put his hand on her shoulder.
“You dyed your hair black?”  She glanced over at the receptionist who was looking down the street in the opposite direction.  “I didn’t recognize you at first.”
He smiled and brushed the thick over grown bangs out of his eyes as he asked, “What were you doing?”
His touch made her feel awkward and uncomfortable, but she didn’t want to be rude, so she let him keep his hand on her shoulder, though she felt like screaming from the heat.  “Oh, I was just mailing something.”  She saw the receptionist walk back inside the school.
“Like, wow, what was it?”  He asked sarcastically, his armpits perspiring in large wet rings through his shirt.
She rolled her eyes at him without thinking, surprised by his sarcasm.
“Gosh.”  She tried to step back to get him to release his hand without making it obvious that she was uncomfortable, but he just moved in closer to her.  “I was like mailing my friend in Japanese a pen pal letter.”
“In Japanese?  Where’s…where’s that?  You…you mean Japan?”
“Yeah, that’s what I said.”
“Killer…wow!”  He released his hand from her shoulder and smiled.  “I thought…I thought you…you were sending a love…love letter to someone!”
“Oh,” Barbie laughed uncomfortably.  “What are you doing here?”
He smiled and looked up at the sky.  “Barbie…” he paused staring at the clouds for a moment and then gazed at her silently before continuing.  “I…I was look…looking for you.”
“What?”  She was visibly uncomfortable.  The way he paused between words reminded her of Rave.  She hadn’t remembered John Prince talking that way in the past.
“Hey, light…lighten up.  I…I was just…just kid…kidding.”  He stared at her a moment intensely.  She noticed that his eyes weren’t neon blue anymore, but were dark and black like Rave’s.  He held the stare unusually long, which also reminded her of Rave, but made her feel queasy in the stomach.  “I just…I just met a client at the coffee house across…across the street and I saw you walking.”
“Oh, ok.  Well, I’d love to chat, but like I have to get back to class, so I’ll catch you later.  Ok?”  She hurried away feeling like the heat was going to consume her.
“Wait!”  He jogged to catch up to her.  “When do you want to meet for the photo shoot?”
“I’m not sure.  I’m super busy lately, so I’ll give you a call if my schedule clears.”
“Can I…I take…take you out on a date?”
“What?”  She stopped.  “That’s so sweet of you to ask.  I didn’t realize you were interested in me like that.”  She was trying to be nice so not to embarrass him for revealing his interest in her.
“Oh.” He adjusted the hair on his head which seemed to be sliding to one side.  “I don’t know.  I thought…I thought maybe we could…could spend…spend some…some time together and see what happens.”
“Were you at Farrell’s the other night?  I thought I saw you in your red Trans Am.”
He appeared uncomfortable and then slightly angry.  “No.  I’ve never been to Farrell’s.”
“I thought I saw you.”
He grabbed onto her wrist.
She tried to pull away, but he pulled her closer to him.
“You’re beautiful, Barbie.  I think I could really dig you.”
“What are you doing?”  She pulled her hand away aggressively.  “I’m sorry, but I already have a boyfriend.  I have to go or I’ll be late for class.”
“I never told you but you look exactly like my mother when she was your age.  She even had the same name.  Isn’t that strange?”
“Yeah.  Ok… take care.”  She rushed away.
****
At lunch break, when the girls walked out to Kimberly Jenkin’s car, flowers started raining down cool and fresh from the hot sky.  It was brilliant and colorful.  Pink, yellow, orange, and purple.  Violets, daisies, carnations, and roses.  The flowers drifted down on their heads, between Kimberly’s sweaty cleavage and in Barbie’s teddy bear tote bag.  Quickly the parking lot looked like a secret flower garden where Barbie envisioned maidens dancing gaily through the flower beds.  Her mind bloomed in fantasy as she conceived skipping through the flowers in a white flowing gown, her hands thrown in the air holding her white canopy fabric as it flowed above her head, flapping in the wind.  She imagined Rave gazing at her from across the garden from upon a spirited rearing white stallion; he was coming to take her to the land of happily ever after.  The fantasy was so vivid that a symphony of fairy music burst out in her mind.
Barbie perceived the flowers as a sign that today was going to be an unusually blissful day of surprise and wonder.  Elvira perceived the flowers as a sign that the world was coming to an end and all the flowers of the world were being plucked out of the earth to wither and die.  Kimberly didn’t believe in signs and explained to them that the florist next door who had a shop on the top floor of the old high rise building placed flowers on the roof to dry and that sometimes when there was a big gush of wind, the flowers floated through the sky like some sort of stupid miracle that dopes like them mistook for signs.
Deliville was crowded inside, so after they bought their sandwiches, they sat outside in the heat under a large umbrella at one of the outdoor round tables.  Barbie noticed that Elvira was sweating profusely.  She was of medium height, fifty or sixty pounds overweight with long black straight hair, dark skin, and dark eyes that gave off a chilling stare.  She didn’t appear to have much of a sense of style, but Barbie couldn’t tell for sure because in school they had to wear white pants and white overcoats that tied around the waist.  They didn’t have their overcoats on now though, so Barbie could see she was wearing a green polo shirt that was probably her father’s or some nerdy brother’s.  She wore white sneakers and no makeup on her long droopy face.
Kimberly on the other hand, had her white jeans tugged up her buttocks and tightly synched at the waist with a pink polka dot belt and pink v-neck tank top that displayed her cleavage.  In class, she always let her overcoat hang open at the top so everyone could see her breasts.  When Mrs. Sanders reprimanded her, she would feign embarrassment, pretending she was unaware of the display.  She would quickly close the coat over her breast only to let it fall open again.  Eventually, Mrs. Sanders grew tired of disciplining Kimberly and began pretending to not take notice.  Kimberly also always wore high heeled pumps and Barbie couldn’t help but wonder who she was trying to impress—I mean there was only one guy in our class and I thought he was gay.
Barbie took a small bite of her turkey sandwich with lettuce, tomato, and vinegar without oil as she gazed out to the passing cars on the street parallel to the deli front.  They rolled by slowly, exhaust sputtering from their engines as they approached the red light ahead.  She felt nauseous—not from the car exhaust or the heat, but because of her usual self-consciousness that she experienced when eating in front of other people.  It was usually uncomfortable for her to eat in front of others because she often felt nervous that whoever she was with would think she was either eating too much or too little.  Her feet were sweating in her shoes and she could feel sweat exuding from between her and the chair both on her back and under her legs and buttocks.  A spark of irritation ignited in her for agreeing to eat outside in the heat at Deliville.  She should never have agreed to come.  I hate Kimberly.  I do!  Oh, I don’t know what’s wrong with me.  I just hate the heat!  “I hate the heat!” she said aloud.  This declaration made her feel slightly relieved for the moment.
Kimberly was drinking her diet soda, the ice rattling in the cup as she stirred it with the straw, and picking at her fruit salad while Elvira seemed in a hedonistic trance as she was woofing down her egg salad sandwich with tomato slices and potato chips.  Resembling a wolf eating from a carcass, Elvira cautiously glanced from side to side as she ate to check for other predators who might be trying to sneak up on her prey.   It was fascinating to see how seriously she took her lunch, though Barbie hoped that Kimberly would say something to break up the scene.  She was beginning to feel even more nauseous watching Elvira sweat over her sandwich, yet at the same time she wished she could eat as freely as her in the presence of others.  Finally, Kimberly said to Barbie, “So, do you like Rave Robinson much?”
This wasn’t how she had wanted the conversation to go, but she had figured it would be something of this nature.  “Yes, I like him,” unable to hide her embarrassment, her cheeks turned the color of Elvira’s tomato.
Kimberly lifted her chin and swiftly looked her up and down like a judgmental school teacher.  “Well,” she said more as a statement than as a transition into the next sentence.  “Do you know about Suzie Albers?”
“No, I don’t know her.   But I think I’ve heard her name somewhere.  When did they break up?”
“About two months ago.  Suzie has another boyfriend now.”
CHAPTER 16
The next morning, Barbie’s phone rang, waking her out of sleep.  Her parents had an extra phone line put in when she was in high school because between the four of them, the phone rang often.  It was Mandy on the line.  Her voice dive rolled in animation as she described every detail of her date with Parker as if she were performing her high school floor routine in a gymnastics meet.  Then, taking a back-flip breath, she asked Barbie if she heard about the fire at Farrell’s.
Barbie was shocked.  “What do you mean—‘fire’?”
“I saw on the news this morning that Farrell’s burnt down last night.”
Her throat grew tight and she felt like she could barely speak, “How did the fire start?” she managed to ask.
“They don’t know yet.  I guess there’s going to be an investigation probably.  Nobody was hurt though.  I just can’t believe it’s gone.  Tell me about your date with Rave.”
“Mama’s calling me in the kitchen,” she lied.  “I’ll call you back later.” After she hung up the phone, she laid there in bed feeling extremely nervous and scared.   She knew she had to break up with Rave and she’d probably have to report him to the police.  So many emotions were twirling in her head that she felt like a drunken ballerina.  She had finally found her soulmate and now he was being ripped away from her before she had a chance to really know him.  How could he set Farrell’s on fire?  The situation seemed so unbelievable.  A flaming hatred of red smoke swirled around her body and she felt like the star dancer in a gothic ballet she saw once who plotted to take revenge against the evil forces that estranged her from her one true love.  Then she became furious at Rave for putting her life in danger and making her an accomplice to a felony offence.  She was indignant.  How could he treat the star of the ballet with such lack of care?  That’s it—I’m going to break it off with him.  How dare he treat me with such disrespect!  And how could he put all those innocent customers and Farrell’s employees in danger?  I won’t put up with this!
She started cleaning her room as she did at times when she felt the world sliding away from her like an avalanche.  The snow came down upon her heavily, violently—thrashing her body to and fro.  Her mind now white and frozen, she began dusting off her bedroom shelves and rearranged her princess doll collection.  Somewhere from beneath the snow that had rushed so unexpectedly over her physical self, there must be light—she began to dig, gasping for air.  What if I get put in prison?  It seemed impossible now that she was buried so deeply to discern which way was up and which way was down.  What if she was digging farther into the ground and never saw the light again?  Those women in the prisons are even scarier and raunchier than the women in my cosmetology school.   Desperately, she began polishing her dance competition trophies.  In the clamor of her mind, she attempted to reassure herself, poking her fingers through the ice:  I’ll tell the judge that I didn’t know Rave had lit the restaurant on fire and they won’t put me in prison.  They’ll believe me—I know they will.  But how can I rat out Rave?  I couldn’t do such a thing to him.  Oh, but, I hate him.
****
As the sun set brilliantly that evening with all its pink orange swirls like a giant lollipop overhead, Rave skateboarded over to her house.  
When he arrived, a faint whine sounded in Barbie’s head, pink and orange.  It seemed to progressively increase note by note to a torturous howl bursting forth in a colorful sugary rain as she led him to her bedroom to talk, away from the din of the living room where her parents watched wolves devouring flesh on television.  She was furious and when they got to her bedroom, she told him she didn’t know why he just showed up at her house like they were friends or something after he had done such a horrible thing setting Farrell’s on fire and lying to her about it to top it off!  She was now exploding with pastel and the sunset seemed to be quickly seeping through her bedroom roof right on top of her rubber head.
“I…I didn’t set Farrell’s on fire,” he said as he sat down atop her pink comforter on her bed beside her.
“Mandy said Farrell’s burnt down!” she whispered in a pink hush, so her parents wouldn’t hear if they happened to walk past her bedroom or happened to turn down the volume on the television.  The sun set heavy upon her mind, the colors swirling with the distant television howls coming from the living room.
“Yeah…yeah, I heard about…about that.  What a coincidence.”  He was looking at her calmly.
“I can’t believe that you’re actually denying it.  It’s so obvious.  You must think I’m so stupid or something,” she started to cry.
To her dismay, Rave did not respond to her crying like she had anticipated.  He seemed unaffected and aloof as if he was more enamored with the ravenous wolf sounds of tearing flesh and bone wafting into the room.  She was accustomed to getting what she wanted in life through crying or making people feel sorry for her.  Her father, as detached as he appeared, had conditioned her that way.  Before his midlife crisis, whenever she cried, he most often appeased her.  Though, at the moment, she didn’t actually know what she wanted.
“I just set…set off a…a smoke…smoke bomb in the bathroom.  I thought it was strange when…when I saw on the news that it had burnt down.  It must have…it must have been from a kitchen fire from the…the cooks.  A mistake I suppose.”
“You must think I’m stupid,” She wiped her eyes with the back of her hand.
“I don’t think you’re stupid, Barbie.”
She loved the way he said her name.  Butterflies kicked in her stomach for an instant and then she reminded herself that she had to forget about him.
Rave was looking at her intensely, “I…I think I’m falling…falling in love with you, Barbie.”  He leaned toward her and ran his hand down her face without actually touching her.  She could feel vibrations of energy releasing from his hand as he continued down her neck pausing at her breast, sliding down to her stomach.  He laid back against a pillow on his side and looked at her with glazed eyes.
Intense shocks of passion ran through her body, but then she remembered how she had told her previous boyfriend that she loved him early in their relationship when in fact she didn’t.  She had always felt like a superficial liar pretending to love him.  She did love Rave though.  It seemed foolish to her that she could love him when she had only known him for a short time, so she responded, “It seems so quick.”
“Yeah, well, I didn’t say I…I love you.  I said I think I’m falling.”
“Oh.”  She felt disappointed somehow—as if she had expected him to already completely love her, not just be falling in love.  She realized that her emotions were all shook up and a frizz.  She felt she shouldn’t have been measuring the intensity of Rave’s love while she was accusing him of burning down a restaurant.  Then it occurred to her that maybe he really didn’t burn down Farrell’s and that he could be telling the truth.  I mean like what kind of freak would burn down a restaurant full of people?  It must have been a coincidence.  It must have been…
Rave was looking down as he traced the flower embroidered patterns on her bedspread with his finger.  At that moment he seemed childlike and helpless to her.  She felt like she would take care of him always and love him forever the way a mother loves her child, but of course her feelings were romantic as well.  She reached to touch his knee, but stopped short and said, “I believe you.  I do.”
He smiled gently at her and then for an instant she saw a streak of hate in his eyes.  It was strange and she rationalized that she had imagined it.  She felt guilty for accusing him.
“My parents are going out of town on vacation Thursday morning for a whole month,” she said changing the subject.  “They’re traveling Ireland on horseback with friends.”
“Must…must be nice,” he said.  “Hmm… Does…does that mean I can come over Thursday evening to…to see you?”
She had tap dance class Thursday evening, but there was no way she’d miss out on time with Rave, so she responded, “Yes, I would love that.”
He smiled and then got up to leave.  It was kind of strange, she thought, because he didn’t say anything else and just left with his skateboard.  That was one of the things she liked about him—that he was mysterious and different than other guys.  He always surprised her.
CHAPTER 17
To Barbie, the next few days at cosmetology school seemed to be possessed with an odd dreamlike quality.  Maybe it was because she felt unsettled in her decision that Rave had not started the Farrell’s fire or maybe because she was somehow turned on by the thrill of the possibility that he actually had started the fire.  A part of her internal self, which she was unaware of, was dark and turned on by evil and immorality as has been the case with many young women of her age throughout the ages.  Take a look at William Shakespeare’s Juliet.  Somehow women are turned on by having a love so passionate and desperate that they could kill themselves over the one they love. A safe guy just isn’t ecstasy.  Usually Barbie was oblivious to her desire to delve into the evil realms and considered herself a good girl.  This confliction with her conscious identity of being a proverbial good girl and her decision to bask in Rave’s darkness, heightened her senses and elevated her to goddess of her own mind.
Today was the first day in school that Barbie and her classmates would be assigned to real clients.  The school offered services to the public at a minimal fee attracting all sorts of diverse clientele who’d rather save a dollar and get a crooked haircut or a botched manicure than pay full price at a real salon.  As Barbie frothed the shampoo through an old skinny man’s gray kinky hair, the flamingo designs on the walls seemed to be squawking at her, “Barbie,” one flamingo quacked in its squeaky squawky voice, “You’ve got to diet a little harder if you want to keep Rave’s interest in you.  You’re starting to look fat.”  The other flamingos laughed in unison and ruffled their feathers in rhythm.  Often when Barbie felt insecure about something in her life, she focused on her weight.
“It’s a surreal day,” Barbie said to the old man with his head in the sink.
“Oh yes, when you’re my age, everything is surreal.”
“Huh?” Barbie felt perplexed and hadn’t realized she’d spoken aloud.  She didn’t even know what the word surreal meant.  She had never used that vocabulary word or considered the concept.
“You said today was a surreal day.”
“Oh,” Barbie was confused, so she started to scrub his hair harder pouring on more shampoo.  “What does surreal mean anyway?”
“So you’re a philosophical beautician aren’t ya—contemplating the depths of reality?”  He chuckled, but Barbie didn’t understand what he was talking about.
“Yeah, I guess,” she rolled her eyes, then turned off the faucet and took a fluffy white towel off the shelf from above the sink.  “You can lift your head out of the water now,” she said holding out the towel.  
“Ah and a clever gal too!”  He laughed as she wrapped the towel around his head.  “I’ve never kept my head under for long.  It may be an escape, but reality is ironically more peaceful.”
Barbie turned and faced the flamingos.  “Oh…” she nodded her head as she gazed at their long lean feathers.
The man pushed the towel up higher on his forehead and awkwardly wrapped it tighter.  “Don’t mean to disturb ya, Hon, but, where do ya want to sit me?”
Barbie led the old man to a swivel chair at her wooden desk and began combing his curly wet hair, smoothing it between her fingers and angling it as she cut.  “Usually I don’t ask strangers things like this, but have you ever been in love?”
“Well, little filly, I think I’m in love right now and I’m looking at the gal.”
Barbie’s eyes widened in surprise and she blushed.  “Ooooh that’s gross—you’re like a hundred years old!”
The old man looked a bit startled by her bluntness.
“Just kidding,” Barbie corrected herself.
“Truth be told.  After a hundred years of so called life, I’d have better been in love at least once.  I’d have to say I loved my peach tree—especially the sensual curves of its branches.  That tree seemed to be reaching for me with a hundred arms and legs.  Its leaves fluttered in the wind every time I watered it.  And those big round plump peaches melted in my mouth trickling down my lips like a hot summer rain.  No human woman could ever compare to Suzie Peach Tree—the love of my life.”
“You named your tree?”
“Su—zie,” he drew out the name long and breathy.  “Oh, Su—zie Peach Tree.  Love names itself.”
“All due respect but, you’ve gotta stop jiggling your head around while you’re talking if you want a normal haircut.”
“Gotcha, little filly.”  The old man had a pensive look on his face and then a lone tear trickled down his cheek.  He cleared his throat.  “After those fire dragons breathed their Santa Ana winds across my property, the land caught fire and Suzie went up in flames.  I say people have got to slay their dragons before they have a chance to burn up their hearts.  Poor sweet Suzie, my love, my loss.”
Barbie giggled for a second and then seeing that the old man was serious, she looked back at the flamingos on the wall and forced herself to think about dieting.  “I don’t see why you’re like being hard on yourself.  I mean, you can’t control Santa Ana winds.  They’re just a part of nature and like unpredictable.”
“Well, I could have watched the weather report and I could have also watered down my property to prevent the fire from catching.  You cannot love freely.  In life you have to do your homework and you have to buy health insurance.  Only fools think they’ll pass their classes without doing the work and only fools grow old without preparing.  You see, my heart’s broken and I can’t even afford to get a transplant.  Stupid me was young and careless and didn’t even buy health insurance before it was too late.”
“What do you mean?”
“I have health insurance now, but they won’t cover pre-existing conditions.  After I lost my Suzie, my heart split internally from the sorrow and I had to let it heal on its own because I couldn’t afford a doctor.”
“Golly.  That sounds painful.”  Barbie tilted his chin up as she cut his bangs.
“It healed up ok, but with all sorts of gnarled scars.  Now nobody will cover all the heart problems I get because of my pre-existing condition.  I’d love to just swap my heart for another, but I suppose when you make mistakes, you can never take them back completely. There’s always some negative scars left behind no matter how much time passes.  That saying, ‘Time heals all wounds,’ is a crock of shit.” 
“Well, I hope your heart heals and you can like always plant another tree.”
“I have—believe you me!  I told you I’m a hundred years old, so I’ve broken some branches in my day, but everyone only gets one Suzie.  
“I’m in love,” said Barbie as she sat her scissors down on the desk.
“I know, little filly.  That’s why I told you your story.”
“Huh?”  Barbie appeared confused and then suddenly the man was gone and a puff of pink smoke above his seat poofed and then dissipated.
Kimberly walked up from behind Barbie and tapped her on the shoulder.  When she turned around, Kimberly stroked her cheek with a blush brush and whispered in her ear, “You wanna do a line of crystal with me and Elvira in the bathroom?  It’s good for dieting.  You don’t even feel hungry for like eight hours.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, dope.  Don’t you know that?”
“Uh, all right, I want to try it.”
It was a sterile but dingy bathroom with paint peeling off the walls and a strong smell of lilac air freshener and cigarette smoke.  Anxiously, Elvira quickly scanned the bathroom, checking the three stalls for people. “Lock the door, so we can set the lines up on the sink counter,” she ordered.
Barbie locked the bathroom door.  “I didn’t know public bathrooms have locks.”
Kimberly smirked, “Well this one does—obviously!”
Elvira ignored her because she was anxiously setting little rocks of methamphetamine on a little square piece of mirror that she had placed on the counter.  She took a credit card out of her wallet and began chopping the rocks into a white powder and then formed them into five lines of powder.
Barbie was nervous and wavering in her mind whether or not she should participate.  She had never taken any illegal drugs in her life and had had a reputation at her high school for being a bit prudish, possibly because she hung out with good girls like Mandy.  Aside from her strong desire to maintain her innocent reputation, Barbie had a compelling curiosity to experiment with the forbidden.  Some inner force was driving her to gain knowledge into every facet of life—drugs seemed like a key to an inner knowledge circle of which she was naïve.  “I have to tell you guys that I actually never tried crystal before.”
Kimberly gave Barbie a mothering look and patted her on the back. “Don’t worry baby.  You’re in good hands.”
“Whatever,” Elvira said.  “Let’s get to it.  Who’s first?”
“Go ahead, Elvira,” Kimberly said.
Elvira took out a little straw from her purse and snorted the first line through her nose careful and slow as if she wanted to enjoy every second of the bitter sensation.  She looked up and smiled.  “It’s sharp like rolling in the nude on a hill of freezing snow.”  Tilting her head back she let out a long cackle like a witch and then she quickly took in the other line.
Kimberly didn’t savor the powder the way Elvira had.  She gracefully inhaled the crystal like a professional ice skater performing a double lutz/double toe.  “Ok, Barb.  Your turn.”
Barbie took the straw from Kimberly and placed it in one of her nostrils.  “Does it hurt?”  
Elvira seemed impatient.  “No, just breathe in hard through the straw and you’ll be stoked.”
Barbie was surprised how the sensation, as the powder went in through her nostril and seemingly bounced off her brain, seemed much like eating too much wasabi on her sushi.  It was a sharp and bitter feeling but, it felt masochistically pleasurable. 
The rest of the day at school was deliciously fun.  The three girls talked incessantly while they fiddled with their clients’ hair and nails.  It was as if Barbie had entered the realm of euphoria.  Nothing had ever brought her to such heights in her life aside from the intensity that she felt in Rave’s presence.  The world was wide open and she was basking in its greatest pleasures—both drugs and Rave.  Even her creativity seemed unbounded.  The French twist she performed on Mrs. Landers sprouted wings and burst into a magnificent hair bouquet of ringlets.  Barbie developed a heightened love for Kimberly and Elvira and she told them she would adore and cherish them forever.  They squealed in piglet laughter and for a moment Barbie thought she saw horns sprouting from their heads.  
But even greater than Barbie’s heightened joy, was her lack of desire for food.  In fact, she felt repulsed by the thought of food.  On methamphetamines, she hypothesized that she could maintain a low weight without even trying.  Crystal was heaven and Barbie had arrived.
CHAPTER 18
Later that evening, when Barbie got home from cosmetology school, her pink telephone shaped like a ballet slipper rang to the rhythm of Ludwig Van Beethoven’s “Sleeping Beauty: Adagio Pas De Action.”  The romantic fairy tale music was annoying to her transitioning mood as she bumped off the high from her white powder bliss.  It was Mandy on the phone.
“What’s wrong?” Barbie asked in a chafed tone.  Mandy was crying on the phone.
“My parents found out that we went to Tijuana and that I have been secretly dating Parker.”
“Oh,” Barbie responded in disappointment for Mandy.  She felt guilty for having acted irritated toward Mandy during a distressful time.
“How’d they find out?”
Mandy sniffed and took in a deep dramatic breath, “Some girl named Suzie Albers told her mother and her mother told mine!  I guess her mother is acquainted with my mom from some quilting class they both take.  Can you believe that?”
“Really?  That’s weird—such a coincidence because that girl Suzie Albers used to date Rave.”
Mandy let out a long choked up cry.
“Your parents are so over protective.  What’re they going to do about it?”
“Obviously they’re not going to let me see him anymore and I’m on restriction for sneaking out and dating without their permission.” 
“You’re parents are insane.” Barbie felt agitated and stiff from the crystal, but she tried to focus on Mandy.  “It was bad enough that they didn’t let you date until just recently and then it was only after they met the guy.”
“Yeah, and asked him if he was serious about marriage!”
“You’ll never get a boyfriend that way.”
“Tell me about it.”
“So, you don’t have a choice.  You should just introduce Parker to them.  Maybe they’ll approve.”
“But I really like Parker and he’s not the meet the parents type.  Also I think he might think I’m annoying if I tell him that my parents have to meet his parents at the same time.” 
“I’m sure he’ll do it if he really likes you.  I know Rave would meet my parents if my parents even cared in the slightest who I was dating.  You know Mandy, on the bright side, you should be happy that your parents care about you.  My parents could care less about who I date.”
“Yeah, right—I’m lucky,” Mandy responded sarcastically.  “My parents have made it clear that I can only date for marriage and if I don’t find someone who is ‘good enough for me’ then they will set me up with ‘good’ young men until we all agree on the right guy!  You should have seen that guy Ernie who they set me up with last month.  The one who wore a hat shaped like a human brain.”
“What did he call himself again?”
“Scalped Einstein.” 
“Oh yeah,” Barbie laughed.  “What a total geek!”
Mandy laughed and blew her nose loudly. 
“You liked that medical student, Mike, who they set you up with.  Remember him?”
“Of course I remember him.  He was so good looking and funny, but he never asked me out again.”
“Well, you see.  Your parents have some taste at least.”
“Easy for you to say because you can date whoever you want.”
“You’re right.  Honestly, your parents are like living in the Stone Ages.  I guess I’m lucky to have so much freedom.”
“My parents really aren’t so bad.  It’s just that I really think Parker is so fun and cute and I’m afraid he won’t be up to their standards.
“I don’t know why you think that.  I think Parker is really nice and fun to be around.  He seems like the type that everyone would love.”
“He is so exciting and…sexy.  Isn’t he?” Mandy paused when she said the word, “sexy” because she was embarrassed.
“Heck yeah, but not as sexy and exciting as Rave!”
“Very funny,” Mandy giggled.  “Thanks for listening to me vent.  I gotta go do my homework.”
“Talk about geeks.  You’re always doing homework.  Maybe you should borrow Ernie’s brain hat.”
“Very funny.  Bye Jerk.”  Mandy and Barbie often called each other names in playful banter with no ill intentions.
“Bye Madame Einstein.”
Feeling a little down and tired, Barbie decided to take a nap before Rave came over.  Usually when she laid under her white canopy, she felt soothed and peaceful, but this evening she felt restless and afraid.  The fear was like an evil spirit summoned from the drugs she had taken earlier in the day.  Although she was perfectly clean, she felt a seeming dirty residue slide over herself.  It was as if there was a crunching evil in her veins.  Her joints felt stiff like a barbie doll’s.  When she bent her legs, her knees seemed to crunch much like Barbie’s knees with that fake masticating sound of rubber and plastic.  She felt afraid and her emotions seemed mixed and overlapping.  On one hand, she desperately wanted to call Kimberly and see if she could get more crystal, but on the other hand, she didn’t want to become addicted.  She chose to let the effects of the drug wear off.  A soothing bubble bath would be a better option, she decided.
The bath helped to placate her mood and after having a tall glass of ice tea with a refreshing splash of mint oil, she felt invigorated in anticipation of Rave’s upcoming visit.  She was going to do herself up cool like a well-oiled and groomed harem girl.  She masMandyd cool mint oil all over her body and deep into her pores to give her tan skin an extra vitalizing glow.  After wiping the excess off with a cloth, she draped herself in a frosty white sun dress with her Hermes lace up sandals.  She drew the sides of her hair back with an icy row of cubic zirconium stones attached to a thin silver headband and let the rest of her hair fall at her waist, straight and shiny.
By the time she finished her makeup, it was already twenty minutes after seven and Rave was supposed to arrive at seven.  Barbie’s heart fiddled against her ribs—so galvanized that Rave was coming over.  She hadn’t seen or spoken with him for a few days and the anticipation of seeing him made her body and mind atingle.  She tried to picture him in her mind with his dark straight hair, bangs furtively hanging over his brows lining the lids of his dark arcane eyes.  Her mind was charged with the melodic lullaby of his voice—the way in which the stutter and flux of his words drifted forth like water gently yet assuredly over pebbles in a stream.
The pink slipper rang to its fairytale rhythm.  It was Mandy.  “I’m sooooo bored,” she complained.  “My parents won’t let me go anywhere because I’m on restriction.”
“It’s Thursday night.  You wouldn’t go anywhere even if you weren’t on restriction.”
“I know, but you know how it is.  When you can’t do something, you want to do it.”
“Actually, I’m surprised because I thought you always wanted to do the right thing.”
“Whatever,” she retorted.  “What are you doing?”
“I’m waiting for Rave.  He’s supposed to come over tonight to hang out, but he’s already like forty-five minutes late.”
“Really?  That’s weird.  Maybe he got held up at work?  What kind of job does he have?”
“He works at an Italian restaurant or something.  I think.”
“Is he going to go to college?”
“I think so.  I don’t think he knows what he wants to do, but I think he wants to be rich.”
“Yeah, well, who doesn’t?”
“I don’t know.  I mean, I don’t like really care about having a lot of money.  My parents’ money didn’t seem to help them to be all that wonderful.  They don’t seem like particularly happy either.”
“Imagine how unhappy they’d be if they didn’t have money.”
“Yeah, well like you said, ‘Whatever.’”
“Maybe you should call Rave and see why he’s late.”
“I don’t want to seem needy or desperate.”
“Yeah, well you don’t want to have to wait around for him all night either.”
“You’re right.  I’m going to give him a call.  You know what?  I just realized he never even gave me his number.”
“I have it,” Mandy responded proudly.
“That’s right.  I forgot that he lives in the garage with Parker at Parker’s house.”
“It’s not really a garage.  It’s more like a little guest house.”
“You don’t think he stood me up.  Do you?”
“No way.  Rave is totally whipped over you.” 
Barbie hung up the phone and dialed Parker’s house.  “Mrs. Pennington?”
“Yes,” The voice on the line was breathy and sultry.
“This is Barbie Monroe—Parker’s and Rave’s friend.  Is Rave there?”
She sighed long and husky and then responded in a slight southern accent, “I don’t think so, but hold on while I check.”  
She was gone a long time and Barbie could hear what sounded like an older woman arguing on another phone line with someone about not getting a lane at the bowling alley and how awful bad her feet hurt with her corns rubbing against her shoes.  The woman kept coughing and hacking between sentences.
“Still there,” Mrs. Pennington asked returning to the phone.
“Yes.”  Her tough demeanor made Barbie uncomfortable, but she found her voice sexy and intriguing.  
“Looks like the boys left for the night.”
“Do you know where they are?”
“There’s a party at Gary’s tonight.  I assume Parker is the disk jockey,” she paused and sighed.  “Do you have Gary’s address?”  She sounded irritated.  The older woman must have hung up the phone because the background sounds were suddenly still and quiet. 
“No.”  Barbie was perplexed.  “I could call there though.  Do you have Gary’s phone number?”
“I hate the phone.”  She paused for what seemed a long time.  “Looks like his address is on this party flyer right here on the table.  I think I’ll go too.  You wanna come?”
Barbie was surprised.  “To the party?”
“Yeah,” her voice was sarcastic.  “What else are we gonna do on a Thursday night?”
Glancing at her watch, Barbie saw that Rave was already an hour late.  But she figured she should probably wait for him in case he showed.  She didn’t want to come across as irresponsible or rude.  “Rave said he’d be here, so I better wait for him.”
“Can I give you some advice?”
“Yes,” Barbie felt nervous.
“Never wait for a man.”
“Ok, thanks, but, well…”
“I’m gonna knock off the liquor store down the street for some tampons and vodka.  It won’t take but five minutes,” she paused and then laughed.  “Call me in twenty if you’re game.”  
Laughing out of discomfort, she responded, “Ok, Mrs. Pennington.  Thank you so much for your time and help.”
“Call me Cherry.”
“Cherry?”
“Yeah.  That’s what my pa named me. 
“Ok.  Thank you, Cherry.”
“Bye.”
“Thanks,” she responded awkwardly.  “Ok,” she paused feeling uncomfortable.  “Bye.”
Barbie quickly dialed Mandy.  “Rave’s still not here.  Can you believe it?  He’s already over an hour late.  Do you think he actually stood me up?”
“Don’t worry, Barbie.  I’m sure he just got caught up with work or something.”
“Well, don’t you think he’d at least call?”
“Yeah, I’d of thought he would call.  I take it he wasn’t home when you called?”
“No.  And Parker’s mom seems kind of unusual.”
“Really?” Mandy sounded disappointed.  “My parents don’t like unusual people and if they don’t like her then they probably won’t let me date Parker.”
“Well, she wasn’t really that unusual.  She was super confident and maybe that will make up for her strange sense of humor or whatever it was.  I actually found her kind of fascinating—not like a mom at all.”
“She was nice?”
“I’m not sure, but she was helpful and offered me a ride which is pretty generous and friendly—I guess.  She said she thinks that Rave is at a party with Parker.”
“Really?  That’s strange.  Oh, yeah, Parker is probably D.J.ing the party.  That’s how he makes his money.”
“I’m so upset,” Barbie  paused and then looked at her reflection in her dresser mirror wiping tears from her eyes.  “I’m all dressed and ready to see him and here he doesn’t even show.  I can’t believe he didn’t even call to cancel.  I can’t believe this is happening.  I feel so stupid.”
“There’s probably a logical explanation,” Mandy tried to reassure her.
“I can’t talk anymore.  I’m too upset.”  She hung up the phone.
Barbie dialed Mrs. Pennington.  “Hi, Cherry.  I decided to go with you to the party.”
CHAPTER 19
When Mrs. Pennington arrived at her house, Barbie was surprised that she drove a brand new white Porsche.  She had imagined her driving up in an old beat-up Pinto.  Barbie was even more surprised when Mrs. Pennington got out of her Porsche—her long youthful brown hair blowing softly in the wind, her fit body clad in an elegant teal silk dress with three-quarter sleeves, a high scoop neck with a black feather boa wrapped around her neck and draped over one shoulder, and a hemline that hung below her knees, gently fluttering in the night breeze above her pointed-toe black stiletto heels.  When she moved, she glided with confidence and attitude, her hand on her hip.  As Barbie approached her, she was astonished to see that she was attractive and youthful, especially for a mother of a nineteen year old, and her face was striking like a model’s with pouty lips.
“You gonna stand there all night or what?”
Blushing, Barbie responded, “What?”
“Get in the car,” she said as she opened the passenger door for Barbie.
“Huh?” Distracted by the extravagance of the diamond studded dash board, Barbie didn’t notice what Mrs. Pennington was saying.
Mrs. Pennington jabbed Barbie in the rib with one of her spiked heels as she climbed over Barbie’s lap to get to the driver’s seat.  “My door’s jammed,” she said as she peeled out of the driveway leaving behind skid marks.  “You can get out, but you can’t get back in.”
“Oh, that must be a hassle for you when you’re running around doing errands,” Barbie was trying to be sympathetic and polite even though her rib hurt from the jab.
“I don’t do my errands on foot,” Mrs. Pennington appeared surprised at Barbie’s comment.   “I drive, of course.”
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t really mean that you ran.  I meant…”
“Oh,” Mrs. Pennington stared straight ahead.  “I got it.  That was just a figure of speech.  “Run, drive—the same thing in the figure of speech world.”  Her words rolled together in a sarcastic rhythm.  “I hate figures of speech in American English.”
The Porsche cruised down the well-lit Second Street with its fast food restaurants, gas stations, and monstrous billboards of perfectly sculpted women in erotic poses advertising cigarettes, beer, or bingo.  Teenagers were standing in front of the bowling alley around their custom-painted lowered trucks and hot rods.  Second Street was a popular teen hang-out where teens paraded their cars up and down the street.
“You look American—you’re not?”
“Well, to be honest…” Mrs. Pennington fixed her gaze on a billboard of a brunette model in a long, sleek gown wearing a white fur coat, lounging in a huge martini glass eating a green olive.  “That’s me,” she pointed at the billboard.
“No way!  Oh, my gosh—that is you!”  Barbie was envious, but at the same time felt honored to be driving in the same car as a successful model.  “I didn’t know you’re a model.”
“Yes.  Surprised an old goddess like me could lounge above the world with my legs in the heavens?  Here I am pasted up high for everyone to bow down to.”
“You surprise me—it’s like you’re suddenly speaking in poems.”  Barbie’s mind was spin, spin, spinning and she was looking in one place.  “You do look like a cocktail goddess.”
“So, you want to know about me or what?”
“Yeah, of course.  You mean, like in reference to whether you’re American or not?”
“Yeah.  I was born here, but my pa raised me and he hardly ever spoke because he had a strong hillbilly accent and jumbled up grammar that he was ashamed of.  He inherited a couple million dollars from a relative that he’d never met and we packed up traveling to odd remote places in the world mostly throughout my childhood, so I didn’t hear a lot of English until I was an adult.”  A car cut in front of her and was driving too slow for the lane.  “Move, moron.  I don’t have all night!”  She held her hand down on the horn.  “Mostly I spoke hillbilly with Pa and when I grew up I learned better English in adult education classes for learners of English as a second language even though it was my first.”  She turned onto Highway 8.
“What are some of the places you’ve traveled to?”
“We lived in a bat cave in Cafari for a long time and we lived in Napaj in a light house that Pa built himself.  The funny thing was that there were hardly ever boats around that needed light, so eventually we left.  Pa was an ex-convict, so he didn’t like to be around people.”
“Why didn’t he want to be around people?”
“He was afraid he’d do something bad and end up back in prison.”
“Why’d he make you live in a bat cave?”
“A teacher at his junior high school read the class that story, Frankenstein, when he was a boy and he always wanted to be a vampire after that.”  She laughed.
“Don’t you mean that his teacher read Dracula rather than Frankenstein?  Dracula’s about vampires.”
“No,” she was visibly irritated.  “Pa said we moved to the cave because of Frankenstein.  He said a vampire could kill any Frankenstein on the planet earth.  He wanted to watch bats so he could find out how to be a human one.  ‘No could prison a bat keep trapped those in bars,’ he said.”
“I knew someone who was dyslexic once.”
“Bummer.  We also stayed in the jungles of Ris Kanla.  I think they spoke some Indian-type language there.”  Some men in the back of an old pick-up truck mooned Barbie and Mrs. Pennington as the truck drove past in the fast lane.  “Those creeps don’t know who they’re messing with.”  She cracked her knuckles.  “We lived in a mud hut.  It was terrible when it rained because all those poisonous snakes and spiders that lived in the dirt cracks would come out into our hut.  We’d stand on the hammock and Pa would hack off all the snake heads with an ax.  I’d just scream until he smacked me.  Look how that pick-up keeps slowing down, cutting in and out of the lanes.”
“Yeah, I see them.”
“I hate men.”  She continued, “And when we had to wade across the river, we’d come out on the other side soaked with leeches all over our bodies.  Pa didn’t mind because that gave him some more ideas about sucking blood.”
“Ouch.”  Barbie was interested in Mrs. Pennington’s stories, but she was more troubled that Rave had stood her up.  “Do you think Rave will be at the party with Parker?”
Mrs. Pennington looked at Barbie and shook her head.  “If he is there, we probably won’t know it.”
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“But on the sunny side…oh, I mean on the bright side, if you’re soulmates, you’ll see him.  I think that damned truck is following us.  Don’t look back.  They’re right behind us with their brights on.
It was easy for Barbie to ignore the truck because she felt embarrassed about asking about Rave.  She didn’t want to seem obsessed over him, so she refrained from further inquiries.  “Are those real diamonds all over your dash board?”
Mrs. Pennington laughed long and hard.  “Yes, they are.  Pa found them in a cave in Askala.  Isn’t that large blue one above the radio out of this city?”
“It’s huge!  I’ve never seen a blue diamond.”
The pick-up pulled along the passenger side of the Porsche and the men in the truck bed wagged their tongues at Barbie and grabbed onto their pants between their legs. 
“I actually prefer the white ones—blue’s a bit gaudy, wouldn’t you say?”  Mrs. Pennington laughed as she ran her fingers through her hair.  Then she flipped off the men in the truck.
“Maybe we should like drive to a police station?”
“Oh, don’t worry about those losers.  If we just ignore them, they’ll forget about us soon.  They’re drunk which means limited attention spans.  Once they see they’re getting nowhere with us, they’ll move on to someone nicer and more innocent.”  
“You really don’t look like the type who has lived in a bat cave and a mud hut.  You’re so pretty and feminine looking.”
“I know!” she batted her eyelashes and smiled.  “When I was eighteen, I came back to the states and went to etiquette school in Arkansas.  Now I’m just a regular southern belle, a lady in waiting.  Yeah, right.  I ain’t waiting anymore.”  
Barbie was further perplexed because Mrs. Pennington’s feather boa and tough attitude made her appear more like a showgirl than a southern belle.  
“Let me tell you a little secret, Barbie Belle.”  Mrs. Pennington cupped her lips in a half moon and whispered to Barbie, “I hated living like a dirty animal all those years.  Whenever we were in town picking up supplies, Pa used to buy these sexy magazines of women both naked and in bright feathery clothing and jewels, so during the long lonely nights when Pa was asleep or too drunk to notice what I was doing, I used to look at the pictures of these beautiful women and dream of someday being just like them.  I vowed to realize my dream.  And I did.  Look at me now.”
“But your dress is actually quite conservative and classy.”
“Etiquette school and sexy magazines create quite a contradiction—wouldn’t you say?  Always keep ’em guessin’ is my motto.”
Mrs. Pennington was correct, the pick-up truck eventually sped ahead increasing its pace to over a hundred miles an hour.  When Mrs. Pennington pulled off their exit, Barbie saw the same pick-up truck on the side of the road smashed against a Rabbit convertible that said on the license plate, SWEET16.  She saw the girl trying to fight off the men as they threw her into the bed of the pick up.  Barbie screamed in horror.
“Oh, gawd,” Mrs. Pennington gasped.  “You can’t stop ’em.”
“Pull the car over,” Barbie screamed.  “We’ve got to help her.”
“Help her and they’ll get us too.  I’ll stop at a pay phone and call the police.”
****
When they arrived at the party, Barbie was shaken up and wished they had written down the license plate number for the police.  Mrs. Pennington had said it was best that she, rather than Barbie, talk to the police over the phone and that she not leave their names because women shouldn’t be connected to a rape investigation—it would only put their lives at risk.  She gave the emergency operator a quick description of the men, the truck and the location, but hung up the phone before the operator was finished questioning her.
The mansion where the party was being held was white with Greek pillars at the front entrance, set off the road, on a twenty acre, flat plot of overgrown grassy fields with a few trees randomly dispersed.  Mrs. Pennington parked her Porsche behind a line of cars that were parallel parked beside a long white wooden fence that held in some cattle.  The front door was open, so the two walked into the dark foyer without knocking, Mrs. Pennington exaggerating the sway of her hips and Barbie noticeably nervous, biting her nails.  “It doesn’t look like anyone’s here,” Barbie said.
“Oh, they’re here.  They’re probably in the back of the house.”
“You’ve been here before?”
“Sure, I have.  This is our good friend Gary’s house.”
“How does he have such a big house?”
“He inherited it from his parents, but he’s not so young like you and Parker.”  Mrs. Pennington took Barbie’s hand and led her down a dimly lit long hall with plain walls and red velvet carpet.  There were many bedrooms off the hall, but all the doors were shut.  Barbie could hear muted voices and movement from behind some of the doors.  Afraid, she regretted coming and wanted to go home, but was trapped with no car of her own.
One of the bedroom doors flew open and a guy in his mid-twenties with long brown hair and a goatee ran into the hall laughing as he tripped and fell on his face.  “Get out while you still can,” he yelled at Barbie and Mrs. Pennington as he continued to laugh while rolling onto his back upon the floor.  “This place is hell!”  The bedroom door slammed closed and he ran back over to it banging with his fists, “Hey, let me in losers!”
As Mrs. Pennington and Barbie entered the door at the very end of the hall, Mrs. Pennington quickly excused herself to the restroom, darting across the dim smoky living room through an archway that led to a bedroom with an adjoining bathroom.  Barbie was still standing in the doorway, concerned about the guy who continued pounding on the bedroom door and calling out to his friends behind it.  As she closed the door and focused her attention on the living room she had just entered, she was surprised to see through the smoke many people she recognized from high school sitting on beanbags and futons passing around a bong.  When one of the girls she knew from her senior typing class saw her, the girl tried to hide the bong behind her back.  The other young people also seemed uncomfortable to see Barbie at the party.  “Hi Krista,” Barbie said to the girl from typing class.
The girl didn’t answer, but smiled uncomfortably.  Some of the other kids yelled at Krista to hurry up with her turn at the bong, so she inhaled and the party resumed.  A few of the other kids teased Barbie playfully, as she stood at the door, for being at a party.  One boy said, “Oooh, the homecoming queen has arrived to report us all to Mr. Langston.”  Mr. Langston was their past school principal.
Barbie smiled at her former classmates feeling awkward and embarrassed.  She was surprised to see that all these people she had been superficially friendly with from school were into doing drugs.  It occurred to her that everyone from high school had been hiding reality from her for some reason.  She wondered what other things her former classmates had been involved in that she was oblivious to.  Suddenly she felt a sharp sadness sweep over her all at once like a sandy wind that blew into her eyes without warning.  She felt very alone as if she were stranded solitarily in the desert.  Pink Floyd’s “Hello” was playing on the stereo coming from a speaker next to the fire place.  The music was foreign to her and she began feeling queasy as the loneliness further enveloped her as she leaned against a wall.  She looked around for Rave, but didn’t see him there.  In a sense, she was relieved that she had not seen him because she would have been embarrassed for him to see that the other kids viewed her as an outsider.
Tanya Parsons, a petite shapely blonde with thick mascara and tight jeans that hugged her inflated saddle bags approached Barbie handing her a plastic cup filled with beer.  “The keg and everyone else are in the game room through that doorway.”  She pointed to the doorway across from the archway where Mrs. Pennington had retreated.  
Although Tanya had matured some since middle school, she could never forget the time she falsely accused Barbie to the physical education coach for cheating on her sit-ups during a timed test.  Presumably, she had been jealous that Barbie had broken the female record for sit-ups.  So, to Barbie’s indignant shock, she reported that Barbie lied about her score.  Because Barbie was honest and well mannered, the coach, siding with her, sent Tanya to the principal for lying.  Barbie was never able to figure out why a person would fabricate such a lie at the expense of another.  This sort of maniacal behavior was beyond her comprehension.  “Thank you for the beer,” Barbie said feeling awkward and self-conscious.   She was glad somebody was talking to her though, even if this somebody was someone she disliked.
“That white dress makes you look like an angel,” Tanya said touching the strap of Barbie’s dress.
Barbie became suddenly sad and missed Rave desperately.  How could he have stood me up?   She wondered what she could have done to deserve such a rejection.  “Thank you.  I actually feel like kind of weird in it like I’m too dressed up.”
“I have a dress exactly like that, but it’s at the dry cleaners right now, so I couldn’t wear it.  I always take my clothes to the dry cleaners.  I like the dry cleaners…”
Barbie was having trouble concentrating on what Tanya was saying.
“I have so many fancy dresses, but I never wore them in high school because I didn’t want to show off and make the other kids jealous.  That’s why I always wore crummy jeans and sneakers to school.  My dad buys me a new dress every week.”
“Oh that’s so nice of your father.  I guess he moved back to California?”  Barbie was surprised because she had always thought Tanya’s father was in a Texas prison.  
“Yes, yes.  He travels back and forth from his huge mansion in Hawaii.  Sometimes I stay with him in Hawaii.   When I do, he also buys me pearl necklaces and those designer Hawaiian print bikinis that I f-ing hate.”
“My dad never buys me anything, so you’re very lucky.  Oh, he bought me an ugly Gremlin car for my sixteenth birthday, but when he got mad at me, he took it away.  My grandpa had the Jeep I drive now custom made for me though.”  Barbie was wondering whether Rave might be in the game room with Parker.  She decided that if she saw him, she would act really mad.
“I had a brand new black convertible Mercedes, but some punk loser crashed into it and totaled it to pieces.”
Barbie was shocked.  “Were you ok?”
“Oh, yeah.”  She shifted her eyes around.  “It was parked in front of my apartment at the time, so I wasn’t in it.  The dickhead died though.  He deserved it, mother A.” 
“Do you know who Parker Pennington is?”
“Oh, yeah.  You know Parker?”
“Yes.”
“I’m surprised.  He doesn’t seem like the kind of guy you would hang with.”
“What do you mean?”
“Oh, nothing.  He and I used to kind of have a thing going on—you know.  He’s uh, well never mind.  How do you know him?”
“He’s going out with Mandy.”
“Mandy Withers?!” She started laughing.
Barbie rolled her eyes in irritation.  “Why are you laughing?”
Tanya tried to calm herself with deep inhalations of breath.  “It’s just so ridiculous.  Mandy and Parker!  Now that is the fairy tale of the century!  I can’t believe Mandy Withers would go out with Parker!  Unbelievable!  I have to tell Marty.  She will die when she hears this.  Isn’t Mandy a virgin?”
Barbie was uncomfortable with the question.  “I don’t know.  Is Parker here?”
“Yeah, he’s in the game room DJ’ing.  I gotta go tell Marty.”  Tanya walked over to her friend who was sitting on a bean bag with the other smokers and whispered in her ear.  They both started laughing and giving each other high fives.   
Barbie thought it might be rude if she left the room before Mrs. Pennington returned from the bathroom, so she continued thinking about Rave as she leaned against the wall and set the cup of beer down on a shelf.  When she thought about how Rave had treated her with such disregard, she felt deeply humiliated and sad.  Then, as if someone flipped on a light switch and a huge floodlight suddenly sprayed out in all molecular directions, she felt a surge of saving strength charge through her body, light up her mind, and now all at once, she felt arrogant and full of herself, indignant that a boy from a milk carton would have the nerve to not show up for her.  He could have at least called to cancel.  It was shocking and beyond her comprehension or experience for a person to act so irresponsibly, to defy societal rules of conduct.  He must have been in a car crash she decided.  
Her feet began to ache from standing so she tried to concentrate on the music as a distraction.  This only made her feel worse as the song playing was an angry song about a bad relationship, “Nightmares,” by Violent Femmes.  She wondered if Rave thought of her as a nightmare.  The singer’s voice was harsh and creepy sending her mind into a dark, swirling, endless tunnel of fingernails scratching chalkboards.  After the song, she could no longer wait for Mrs. Pennington, as the song had produced an obsessive, chaotic determination in her to obtain clarity concerning her relationship with Rave, so she briskly walked through the archway to tell her she was going to be in the game room.  
There was just one room off the hallway extending from the archway, but the door was shut.  She attempted to open the door only to find it locked.  She knocked, but no one responded.   When the music paused between Violent Femmes’ “Just Like My Father” and “Dating Days,” she heard a man and a woman arguing behind the door about someone owing someone money.  She figured Mrs. Pennington was tough enough to take care of herself.  She had made her attempt to find her and that was enough, she told herself, so she went to look for Rave in the game room.
When she walked into the game room, she saw Parker immediately, the leader and in control, like the queen ant atop its ant hill, across the room spinning records behind his sound equipment.  The room was crowded and dimly lit with ants moving around searching for something higher than themselves and standing and circling confusedly in clusters talking and drinking beer.  The music was the same thunderous music as the music in the other room, loud and whining overhead like a violent storm sounding its warnings before the deluge.  Some of the ants were swarming around the arcade video games that lined the walls of the room as if they had been dipped in honey.  Barbie felt her stomach sink when she surveyed the party and didn’t see Rave anywhere amongst the ants.  Maybe he was outside, she considered, or maybe he was in the bathroom.  She walked over to Parker slightly indignant, with her shoulders pushed back.  
Parker jolted his head up from the record he was spinning when he saw her.  “Barbella, Barbella, Barbella what the hella are you doing here?  Hey, that rhymes.”  He smiled puffing out his chest like an animated cartoon character that just won a prize for some ridiculous feat of accomplishment.  
“Where’s Rave?” Barbie asked in obvious agitation.  
He looked side to side and seemed slightly uncomfortable.  “Well, Barbie, I don’t know.”
“We had plans tonight and he didn’t show up.”
He scratched his head in exaggeration as if he was giving the matter serious thought and then he responded, “Hmmm…”
“I can’t believe he just didn’t show up.  Maybe something like sooo terrible happened to him.”
“Oh, no, no, no.  I’m sure he’s perfectly fine.”
“I can’t believe he stood me up.”
He patted her on the back.  “I’m sure he has a perfectly reasonable explanation.  Don’t worry.”
“I’m so upset.”  She looked around the party and noticed that Mrs. Pennington, running her hand over her feather boa, was talking with some ant who was playing Pac Man.  It must not have been her behind the locked door, Barbie thought.  How weird—she must have left the bathroom without me noticing or something.  “I came here with your mother.”
“You mean, Cherry?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s not my mother.  Is that what she told you?”  Parker released a low wry chuckle.
“Yeah, I think so,” Barbie responded uncomfortably as she pulled up the straps on her white sundress.
“She’s my older half-sister—a real liar.  Watch out for her,” he laughed.
“Really?  No wonder she doesn’t seem like a mother.  I like thought it was so weird that you would have such a hot mom.  I don’t know why she pretended to be your mother though.  She told me all these weird stories about her pa.”
Now looking through his albums for a new record to play, he responded casually, “Lies for her own entertainment.”
“That’s really weird.  She seemed kind of cool though.  Oh, I’m just so upset.  Nothing makes sense to me right now.”
“She’s actually a lot of fun—has connections at all the best hangouts and clubs around town—always has some guy or other throwing money at her,” he placed the record on the turn table and then looked at Barbie.  “You can hang out with us tonight and we’ll lighten things up for you.”
“Who’s us?”
Parker took a step back and motioned with his hands at the air.  “Barbella meet Gabe and Gabe meet Barbella.  Gabe rhymes with Rave and he’s much better looking even though they’re twins.”
“Very funny,” Barbie cracked a smile.
“Gabe will never stand you up and he’ll always do what you want.  He’s every woman’s dream.”
Trying not to smile, she released a giggle.
“You think I’m joking, Barbella, but I wouldn’t tease you.  Simply open your mind, expand your consciousness and you’ll see that Gabe is better than Rave.  He’s very brave also.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, Gabe can jump from rooftop to rooftop because he realizes that all physical matter is only an illusion.”
“Oh.  I don’t know what you are talking about, but I, like, have to admit you’re a weird one.”
“You stick with me tonight and you’ll begin the first step in your journey with Gabe.”
“I don’t even know Gabe.”
“You’ve always known Gabe.  You just don’t realize it yet.  I’ll stack some records and then I’ll meet you outside on the patio at the picnic table just outside those sliding glass doors.”  He motioned across the room.
****
The patio was large and square with grass and oak trees extending off the cement into a seeming never-ending dark forest.  She sat at the picnic table on the far edge from a lit kerosene lamp that had attracted some mosquitoes until Parker arrived in good cheer.
“Barbella, Barbella, Barbella.”
Her smile was starchy.  “Funny meeting you here.  You come here often?”
He smirked, surprised at her humor.  “Sure do.  Let me buy you a drink.”  He took out a tin can from his long black overcoat and carved it into a bong pipe.  “Have a Coke and a smile.”  He lit the marijuana and smoked it from the can, passing it to her.
She was embarrassed.  “Actually, I’ve never smoked marijuana before.”
“No problem.”  He smiled and took another hit.  “More for me then.”  He pinched her on the arm teasingly.  
“I’d like to try it, but don’t laugh at me if I do it wrong.  And if I act weird, don’t leave me all alone.  Ok?”
“Leave you?  You’ve got to be kidding.”  He showed her how to use the can as a bong and when she took a hit, he was impressed that she didn’t cough.  “I love corrupting innocence,” he said with a grin.
A couple of Parker’s friends suddenly appeared emerging from the forest.  “Hey Mathew.  Hey Luke.  How’re my good Christian brothers?”
Mathew and Luke Tarantino were long time friends of Parker.  They were from a well-to-do-Italian-American family who had made their fortune in pasta.  As a child, Mathew, the more gregarious of the two, had swelled his head as a child commercial actor, but the fame died out as well as the desire for further pursuit when he realized smoking marijuana and occasionally helping out his parents in the family business was much more profitable.  Luke, on the other hand, had never had any aspirations and was most comfortable only smoking marijuana.  He was the type who lurked in the shadows, stepping out from behind trees, always wearing black, and always wearing two days of whiskers on his face.  Nobody, aside from possibly his brother and parents, knew his true appearance because he always hid behind small, tinted, round spectacles which blocked out his eyes like ink drops.
“This is Barbie,” Parker said.  “She came to the party looking for Rave.”
It looked to Barbie as if Parker had winked at the brothers.  The marijuana had made her body feel as if it were flowing in waves.  Although she felt dizzy with a lack of control over her mind and judgment, she thought that it seemed as if Parker was talking to the Italian brothers in codes.  She couldn’t follow everything they were saying and the sentences seemed to cut mid-sentence with many innuendos and sideways glances.
Parker sat down on the edge of the picnic table and said to the brothers, “Cataracts are blinking, but the eyes have no lids…”
The brothers laughed.  Luke picked up Parker’s cola can that he had used as a bong, looked inside it, and proceeded to drop kick it into the forest.
“Asshole, I was still using that,” Parker said and then laughed.
Luke ignored him and walked over to the other side of the table and leaned against it gazing up at the night clouds.
Mathew sat down at the table next to Barbie and put his hand on her shoulder.  “You know, dear, Rave is crazy to stand you up.”
She felt uncomfortable with his hand on her shoulder, but she didn’t want to be rude so she just smiled at him and said, “Thank you.”
“I’ll kick his ass for you if you want me to.”
Parker punched Mathew on the shoulder and said, “Leave her alone.”
“Dude, I’m just trying to help her feel better.”  He turned back to Barbie.  “Barbie, Rave is a dick.  That’s your name, Barbie?  Right?”
“Yeah, that’s my name.”
“Ok.  Barbie, Rave is a big dick.  A nice girl like you shouldn’t hang out with a scum bag like him.”
Parker pushed Mathew backwards off the bench.  “I said to leave her alone.”
“Hey dude, what’s your problem?”  Mathew rolled back on his spine for momentum and popped up with a quick gymnastic snap onto his feet.
“Don’t talk about Rave like that.”
Barbie couldn’t keep track of the rest of the conversation because the rhythmic waves in her body splashed harder.  She felt like she was being pulled under by the tide.  Terrified that she would lose control of her body and make a fool of herself, she gripped the edge of the table and forced herself to smile.  She remembered the night she was on the pier when Rave fell off the edge.  The loneliness of losing her soulmate enveloped her as she choked on the cold hard knuckles of the ocean.  What is reality?  She wondered.  Looking down at her legs, she noticed they had fused together into one big fish tale.  This terrified her, but she kept her smile, feigning poise.  She was a mermaid and couldn’t walk on land anymore.  Somehow, she had mutated.  Her mind started crack, crack, cracking and she didn’t know her place.
***
Thank you for reading Chagit’s Electric Dance (Jewish American Doll, Book 1) by Rivka Rea Ashira. If you liked Chagit’s Electric Dance, please leave a five-star review. Check out Chagit Overload (Jewish American Doll, Book 2) by Rivka Rea Ashira to find out what happens next.



