Champagne Romance

By: Suellen Smith

Published by Suellen Smith at Romance Novel Publishing

Copyright 2012 Suellen Smith
Amazon Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Amazon.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
CHAPTER 1

“Here’s to champagne cocktails and chocolate covered studs!”
The quiet laughter and tinkling of four champagne flutes vibrated throughout the atmosphere of the elite restaurant as tuxedoed waiters scurried about giving their chic clientele the service they expected.  In the center of the room sat four fashionable dressed young women under the twinkling chandeliers. They drew the attention of every mature male that wasn’t nearsighted, farsighted, or partially blind. Heads swiveled as each male patron strained his neck to peek among the marble statues, lime green palms, and fresh colorful flowers that graced the crisp white tablecloths. Each gentleman was trying to get a better glimpse of the four hot chicks that were toasting and roasting. Most weren’t even trying to be discreet. Even the waiters were not too busy to be immune by each lady’s physical attributes, charm, and beauty.
Troy Slater was no exception. He glanced up at precisely the moment the redhead chose to cross her shapely long limbs. Troy leaned back slightly in his chair and shifted to get a better view of those legs and the one they called Swan. He liked what he saw.  The redheaded bombshell with the lanky legs wore a silky black nylon held-up by only a skimpy piece of a black lacy garter belt. The creamy white thigh beyond the black silk looked smooth and touchable.
“Isn’t that right, Slater?
Troy’s black eyebrows snapped together in a stormy piecing scowl. To the skinny young man’s credit with the bowtie and glasses, he held Slater’s gaze steady. Slater wondered cynically if he’d ever had a “hard on”. He reached in his pocket for a cigarette and reluctantly turned his attention back to business.
Swan tucked a wayward lock of her strawberry blond hair behind her ear as she fiddled with the crystal stem of her champagne cocktail. It was her birthday. Her three best friends had flown into Denver, Colorado from Newport Beach, California. Swan was on a modeling job for a trendy ski magazine in the frosty city. Her close friends had come to help her celebrate as they never missed each other’s birthday.
Swan looked around the table at her three devoted companions thinking how very fortunate she was to have such fabulous friends as that had not always been the case. There was Madeline, an upper class, bored, suburban housewife, Katherine (Kat), a divorcee always looking for a rich Mr. Right, and Lillet, a devoted mother of two who worked as a local talk show hostess on TV. Last, was the birthday girl, Suzette Swan Swenson, a current metropolitan survivor in the world of runway and modeling---and one of the last surviving virgins could be added as well.
Suzette Swan Swenson was named after her maternal grandfather, Libourne Swan---but, just “Swan” quickly became her trademark in reference to her long crane neck in the professional world of modeling. She modeled all over the world. She had a face and figure that belonged in every man’s dream fantasy and probably was.
Swan’s skin was flawless--like porcelain. Her eyes were aqua with a black ring circling the iris. Long dark sooty eyelashes lined the edge of each eyelid that were almost too big for her oval face and high cheekbones. Her hair was the color of sunshine--shiny and golden---not blond, not red, but a natural strawberry reaching past her creamy shoulders with soft flaming curls that framed her face. Her curvy figure was perfect for runway modeling with generous “B” breasts, hips that flared slightly, and straight shapely long legs that seemed to go on forever. Her famous white neck looked smooth and kissable as did her rosy heart shaped lips. Although her face and figure were flawless--she was not. Life always has a way of playing jokes on mankind and sadly she was not an exception.

CHAPTER 2

Swan hugged her long winter coat close to her slim lush body as she exited the plush hotel of her temporary lodgings. She pulled the fluffy fox collar up around her face to help shield it from the blast of winter wind coming off the Rocky Mountains. She was grateful that her elderly friend had given her the fur coat that was now considered vintage. Winters in Colorado could be vicious. Today was not an exemption. She had finished doing an “ad” layout using the majestic purple mountains outside of Denver. It was for Indigo Elite an “in” magazine that caters to the rich and famous. It was not unusual for her to fly all over the world to arctic climates for her modeling assignments. So, she was generally well prepared for cool wintry changes, but that didn’t make the nippy frosty air any more enjoyable. 
At the present, Swan was concentrating on holding her coat closed with one hand and hailing a taxi with the other. It was obvious that she was going to the Denver airport as she stood between two small “carry on” pieces of generic black luggage. She was thrilled to finally be going home and excited that she would not be working during the Christmas season. At the present, she looked forward to landing at the John Wayne Airport in Orange County California by late evening. If she used her imagination, she could already feel the hot sun penetrating her entire torso and the warm sandy beach between her toes, which was only a few short steps from her posh condo that looked across the deep blue Pacific Ocean to the Island of Catalina.
Finally, a yellow cab appeared and pulled to the curb. Swan climbed into the roomy back seat as the driver loaded her luggage, slammed the cabby trunk, and zoomed off to Denver’s metropolitan airport. She gave a sigh of relief knowing that her destination was almost complete.

CHAPTER 3

Slater had been in Denver for the past few days closing a deal to merge another company with Global Genetic Research Incorporation. He started his successful business over four years ago. It was a flourishing research firm that was located in scenic Newport Beach, California where he had established his permanent home. His impressive four- story business building was surrounded by sunny ocean palms and overlooked the Pacific. It had been a very lucrative venture, which in turn had made him a wealthy man. Today, he was looking forward to returning home tonight as he was impatiently awaiting the challenges that this new merger would entail.
Because Slater completed his business transaction much sooner than he anticipated, he was now headed for the Denver airport. He usually flew his own small private jet, but due to a fuel gauge problem, he opted for safety and booked a round trip ticket from Newport to Denver before he left yesterday. 
Slater enjoyed flying his own aircraft with his own capable hands. That way, he could always be in control. Slater liked being in control. Maybe, that was why he ended relationships long before the “M” word came up or maybe he always deliberately chose the party girls that knew “the score”. Besides, sexy and buff at thirty-three, he enjoyed his bachelorhood status and unattached freedom.
This evening, eager to avoid the inclement weather and predicted blizzard, Slater had managed to get an earlier flight back to California. It would give him more time to spend at his ranch in Malibu north of Los Angeles over the weekend. Slater’s ranch was his get-a-way, his private lodge. He shared it with no one, not even his mistress when he had one.
Slater stepped out of the sleek limo and pulled the sheepskin collar of his leather coat around his coal black hair. His baby blues looked up at the gathering dark clouds overhead and knew there was no doubt that Denver would soon be covered with sleet and snow by evening. His only hope was that he would be out of there before the airport authorities decided to close the metro jumbo jet runway.
After battling a small crowd of passengers, Slater felt fortunate to finally board Flight 330. It was the last flight out of the chilly mountain city and it was fairly full. He headed for a seat at the back of plane where no one was sitting, put his bag in the overhead, stretched out his long legs, and pulled his Stetson over his eyes signaling other passengers to find another seat. 
Swan was the last passenger to enter the 707. The cabby had taken a “short cut”, which turned out to be a “long cut”. She was grateful to finally be boarding. She didn’t want to spend half her winter vacation in the Denver airport. She headed to the back of the plane. It was supposed to be the safest spot on any airline jet and that made it extremely desirable in this yucky winter storm that seemed to be gathering in the atmosphere above them.
Swan laid her fox fur over the double-seat opposite of the “cowpoke” in his sheepskin duster. Funny, she would have pegged him for an urban cowboy if it weren’t for his well-worn western boots. A quick judgmental assessment told her he eluded pure sexuality---just the type of macho man she purposely tried to avoid.
Swan wore her most comfortable dress for this night flight ride home. It was a mid-knee, button to the waist, warm black cashmere with only a tiny ink black string bikini, and no bra for comfort. She didn’t think anyone would notice. She was wrong.
Slater rarely missed anything going on around him. It was probably due to his Rambo days as a Navy SEAL. It was a survival instinct. It also acted as a homing device for the feminine female population and right now, it had definitely “kicked in”. 
Slater eyes roam lazily beneath the rim of his Stetson over the dynamite redhead that was reaching into the overhead compartment. He let his baby blues linger on her full round globes with the tips that jetted out from the soft fabric. Her nipples were larger than most. He liked that. As if sensing his scrutiny, she turned her back to close off his view of her tits, but that gave him a better view of her ass. He liked that, too--round and curvy.
All too soon, the sexy redhead sat down and proceeded to buckle in for the night. Closing his eyes, Slater found himself wishing that Gorgeous Red were snuggling up to him in a comfy warm bed at this very moment. He sighed, adjusted his thoughts, and tried not to think about it.
Outside the airliner’s cabin, the ground crew was in the frantic process of de-icing the plane’s body, wings, and engine. The metal exterior was only given a quick once over as the pilots needed to get the flight airborne before the impending weather kept it grounded. That was unfortunate as they sat on deck for another twenty minutes before being cleared for an open runway.
The 707’s take off was uneventful in spite of the icy sleet that was now coming down quite rapidly. Swan watched out the airliner’s small window as the runway evaporated beneath them and the commercial jet cut through the inky darkness quickly becoming airborne to the desired altitude. She finally sighed a small sigh of relief and began to settle down as a miniature yawn tugged at her rosy lips.
Swan was soon sleeping soundly with her trim feet encased in warm mukluks tucked under her and the fox fur tucked cozily around her. The past few days had been extremely demanding. So, now exhaustion was settling into every bone in her body. The nap, however, was brief. Thirty minutes later, Swan was dreaming peacefully when suddenly she found herself wide awake. Something had awakened her. She had flown enough to know that something was different! She listened for any unusual sound. There it was---the plane engine seemed to be making a funny choking noise as though it were coughing and missing out. Her instincts told her that something was dreadfully wrong!
Swan made a quick glance at the cowboy across the aisle. He was wide awake and sitting up straight, tense, and listening as though he also knew that the massive motor did not have the normal smooth hum. His body language did not reassure her.
Abruptly, the bottom of the plane started vibrating with a rubbing bumpy noise as though they were landing on extremely rough terrain. It was not a good omen. A nightmare of terror immediately erupted as the plane began rocking back and forth. Overhead compartments started popping open. Luggage began to fall. Objects flew through the air. A toupee flew overhead, which might have been hilariously humorous at another moment in time.
Swan observed the chaos in slow motion as something dangled in front of her nose and landed softly in her lap. She stared uncomprehendingly down at the oxygen mask that lay there. She watched disconnected and disoriented as other panicky passengers were desperately trying to put on their oxygen masks. Finally, she tried to follow their example.
The screaming of shrill voices began to permeate throughout the cabin as passengers comprehended the great peril that was descending upon them. Swan watched as windows began to crack and fracture into a million tiny particle puzzle pieces. A deafening ripping sound suddenly was accompanied by a blast of cold artic wind as the jumbo jet began to shake and tear apart. That was followed by a loud booming noise as the tail of the 707 was sliced off by the powerful Colorado pines and departed from the rest of the ill-fated Flight 330.
The 707 tail of the jet airliner continued to travel and plunge downward through the Colorado forest with the momentum causing it to hurl another quarter of a mile across the mountaintop until it finally came to an abrupt halt. That disaster was followed by a sudden burst of lethal flames from far away as the rest of Airliner 330 plowed into the side of the sub-zero icy mountainside. A dark mushroom cloud of smoky propane blossomed high above the tragic towering inferno. Accompanying the jet’s fiery blast was burning black debris that persisted to float unrelentingly until early the next morning. Finally--there was nothing, but an eerily cold silence as Mother Nature seemed to puff a silent benediction over the final resting place of those that did not survive.

CHAPTER 4

Slater fought for consciousness. It was essential that he was aware of his surroundings in order to survive. He was trained to know that it could mean the difference between life and death. He woke up with an excruciating pounding headache and what felt like a bruising black eye. He had his fair share of those to know that he was probably right. He just hoped the other guy was in worse shape than he. It better have been one helluva party to have such a booming head. Squinting through one good eye his fuddled mind began to clear and focus. What he saw in the dim light looked like a war zone. It was then that the horrific nightmare of the crash began to intrude back into his memory. Blackness began gaining momentum again as he began losing consciousness for a second time, but not before a mocking smile pulled at the corner of his lips as he realized that once again he had cheated the Grim Reaper.
The next morning arrived much too soon. As Slater began regaining another round of consciousness yet again, this time his brain jumped to total alertness. His light blues blinked several times before they began to focus. He scanned his surrounding and glanced up at the hazy sun. It was probably late morning. He looked at the date on his watch and was relieved to know that his blackout had only lasted more than a few hours and not days.
Cramped cold muscles screamed for stretching. Devastation was all around him. Slater knew he was surrounded by death. He could feel it. He could smell it. However, all he saw was a cavernous yawning hole where the long passenger cabin of the plane should have been. The tail ceiling of the plane was in tatters, hanging and flopping in the icy chill of the Rocky Mountains. Five of the overhead compartment doors had popped open-three on one side, one and half on the other---, leaving some clothing and occasional squeaking hinge behind. It was an eerily silence. No life, no people, only a pile of fox fur in the corner of the plane opposite of him. His eyes sliced back to the heap of fluffy red pelts. Nothing appeared to be moving.
With stiff fingers Slater slipped off his seatbelt. Every muscle screamed to stay put, but he willed his body to ignore it. He had suffered worse---much worse actually. In spite of a black eye, cut on his lower chin, some bruised, perhaps cracked ribs, and a sore ankle, he was able to shut out the pain and focus on a possible dead redhead under the furry blanket. He knew the odds of survival were not in her favor.
Slowly, Slater peeled back the fox fur. Red’s face was as white as parchment paper. Bright red blood trickled down from a large blue bruise and bump at her right temple giving her the ghoulish look of a vampire. She wasn’t dead; he knew death, but her breathing was very shallow indicating severe trauma. He reached under the warmth of her fur and clinically searched her body for any broken bones or additional bleeding. Finding none, he covered her back up and would attend to her comfort later.
Slater evaluated their possibilities for survival. It was grim, depending on how long before the search planes found them, IF they found them, IF the pilot had had time to make contact with the air controller, IF he could find food, IF they could stay warm enough, and IF another snow storm did not completely bury them. Those were a lot of “ifs”. He had been in more difficult grim circumstances in his life time, but not much.
An assessment of the situation confirmed the worse. The tail of the plane had been severed from top to bottom landing slightly on its side. Passenger windows were covered on one side with ground snow, while the other side of the windows let in light. All were cracked, one looked fine, but on closer inspection, Slater realized it had no glass at all.
Slater began filling the empty window with nearby scattered clothing. He glanced over the rest of the broken tail. A few empty seats remained, some dangled by twisted metal and two were still in tack--the last two. Cushions were scattered about and some luggage managed to remain in the cabin’s tail.
The door to the restroom behind the seats at the rear was closed with the sign on the latch indicating, “Occupied”. Slightly amused, Slater shoved the door with his shoulder. It gave way on the third heave. It was surprisingly intact. If someone were in there at the point of impact, they had departed rather unpleasantly.
The faucet in the bathroom had no gushing water, but an occasional drip gave hopes for drinking water if it didn’t freeze before it was collected. Plane lavatories were designed with lots of insulation to keep water from freezing at high altitudes. If Slater could find a container to catch the drops, he might be able to salvage a swallow every few hours.
Limping to the gaping hole where the tail had parted from the plane, Slater realized that it needed to be closed before the mountain sleet and snow totally invaded their small space. Visibility was still dense. If other passengers had survived, he saw no evidence. He looked for something that resembled his Stetson. He found nothing. Rummaging through Red’s coat, he found a fur hat and some fur-lined gloves still in his own. Grateful that he had worn his working boots with warm thick wool socks, he immediately began to attack the drift outside the tail with a piece of broken metal that he found next to the battered tail before the snow was too frozen to penetrate.
Dragging another larger piece of metal debris from where it was buried, Slater partially closed the opening of the wrecked tailpiece. A few more pieces of tin with some packed snow and the wind was curtailed. Surveying his handy work, he was satisfied with the snug little igloo that he had created. If he un-stuffed the plane window, perhaps a fire could be built when the storm had died letting out smoke for ventilation. 
A gnawing in the pit of his stomach told Slater that the next order of survival was sustenance for his hungry growling stomach. A quick dig through the pantry across from the restroom produced a basket of snacks under the lopsided countertop. Oreo Cookies and crumpled Ritz Crackers seemed like a luxury meal. It appeared to be enough to last a while, the question was, “What was a while?”
Studying the sky through the plane windows, Slater realized that the daylight was getting dimmer. He needed to immediately improvise a makeshift bed for two from available chair cushions and clothing while he could still see. He managed to twist the partially broken metal seats until they gave way to more space and protection from the outside. Putting several seats together, he laced stuffing and clothing around any available item. With some ingenuity, he was able to devise a rather cushy mattress. 
The sky was now twilight and a blanket of darkness was quickly descending. He gathered the limp body of the other sole passenger and carefully placed her on the improvised bed. Her breathing remained shallow. Slater gently pulled her arms from her coat and quickly removed his own. Covering her with both coats he crawled in beside her. Gathering her in his arms, he snuggled her close for the warmth and the protection of his own body. As the wind continued to howl and the sun descended from twilight to deep darkness, Slater was reminded of his last thoughts before crashing and the old saying, “Be careful what you wish for-----.”
Sometime during the night, Swan stirred and snuggled deeper toward the radiating warmth next to her. Slater immediately woke with her soft breasts and pouting nipples against his chest. The twin nipples with their distended points immediately attacked one layer of morino wool, a t-shirt, and one layer of his naked flesh. They then traveled down his navel, concentrated in his loins, and flipped his pecker from down to up. It was all he could do to stifle a deep moan. Sleep came much, much later.

CHAPTER 5

Swan could see bursts of color. There seemed to be a magical rainbow swirling and twirling down a long, long tunnel. She dreamily reached out to touch the kaleidoscope, but every time she tried, it seemed to get farther and farther away as excruciating pain intruded and she continued to become surrounded by heavy darkness.
Slater felt Swan struggling to surface and become part of the world again. He could feel her suffering restlessly with little whimpers of pain like a small wounded animal. Fearing that she might be much more injured that she appeared, Slater tried to comfort her with soothing whispers and gentle caresses up and down her back. Without really touching her, he began to become as familiar with her body as he was with his own. It was a pleasant distraction.
Slater’s arms encompassed Swan as they both slept again, each leaving this world for another, each trying to heal their tattered minds and bodies so that they could cope with the disaster that they had been hurled into only yesterday.-- On the third day, Swan’s whimpers ceased. Slater knew that that was the exact moment she began to heal.
Swan awoke disoriented and in total darkness on the fourth day. Her head ached all over, but she remembered the sights, sounds, and screams of crashing. It was difficult to comprehend that something so hellacious like that could possibly have happened. She wondered if she were alive. Throbbing head pain seemed to indicate that she definitely was. The warm body pressed against her also assured her that she was alive and that she was not alone. She could feel muscle moving up and down with deep breathing. She could hear the steady thud of each heartbeat. Her intuition told her it was male.
Slater didn’t move a muscle. He knew by instinct that he was being watched even with his eyes shut. He absorbed that thought. Then, he slowly began to open his eyes. Holy shit! He was not prepared for his stomach to drop to his knees and turn to mush. Staring back at him were huge aqua orbs that made him suddenly feel like he was drowning in a pool of sea water. He was totally captivated in a hypnotic trance as each lovely eyeball seemed to be intently searching his soul for something he couldn’t quite grasp. Slater cleared his throat feeling a little uncomfortable with those blue/green orbs and thick black lashes scrutinizing and dissecting him piece by piece.
The wind outside had died down to a soft breeze and the sun was shining brightly. All that could be heard was the soft breathing of male and female. Realizing the effect this woman was having upon his body, Slater moved slightly to put some distance between them. It was then, that she reached up to run her fingers down his face, over his lips, and down his chin with three days growth as though she were memorizing each tiny detail. She licked her lush red lips with the tip of her tiny pink tongue.
Slater stifled a groan of pure agony before Red spoke in a quiet whisper, “Are you awake?”
Funny question--she could see that his eyes were wide open---couldn’t she? Slater stiffened at the magnitude of those three words. He didn’t move an inch. It was as though time stood still in yet again another dimension. His stomach clenched in the dread of what he knew was a strong possibility. Upon closer scrutiny of the piercing pupils, he realized that he was right. Both pupils were almost as big and black as the iris---probable concussion and definitely blindness, which was hopefully temporary. She was waiting for an answer. He pulled her to his chest.
Not ready to address the situation he only said, “Go back to sleep.”
Slater lay still like a mummy waiting for Red’s rhythmic breathing to begin again signaling that this blind beautiful lady had once again slipped into the arms of the Sandman. Pondering the helplessness of this fragile woman, he suddenly felt very protective. It was a new feeling for him. He had never been a sucker for the helpless. He learned early in life that the weak do not inherit the earth and only the strong survive.
Women were meant to party and enjoy. He never thought of them as having any other purpose. It was just part of the female/male tradition as far as he was concerned. For Slater, it was his idea of a functional relationship. Besides, he always gave generously to his female flings with his money and body, just never his soul. Perhaps that was why his conscience never surfaced when he ended a romance, moved on, and rarely looked back.
Suddenly, the small space of the 707 tail seemed claustrophobic. He needed to get out---he had to get out! Gently, he laid Swan aside and silently “hightailed” it to the sunny outdoors.
Slater lit a cigarette, thankful for the pack that remained in his left hand pocket. He had been thinking about quitting for some time. This sure as hell wasn’t going to be the chosen day.
Slater looked over the scenic view of the mountains. The immediate area seemed calm. It surprisingly looked and felt normal. There seemed to be very little disturbance to indicate the raging storm and horrific explosion of disaster only a few days ago.
The snow on the mountaintops was a powder sugar white, pure and sparkly like little crystals as the sun shone down from the middle of the sky picking at each piece as though it were a grain of glitter. It was smooth and wavy, much like looking at an ocean of white foam. Other mountains loomed in the distance each covered with the same snow and each with their own unique shape. All of them seemed to beckon like a siren promising death to those unacquainted with the treacherous hazards of their lethal beauty. Dark gun metal gray clouds floated overhead surrounding and threatening as they looked down on the serene picture below, a likely indicator of more storms to come.
The Colorado forest line appeared to be a mile or two away. The only unusual disorder was the charcoal path of burned evergreens where Flight 330 had made a trail after breaking off the tailpiece and before crashing into the side of the mountain a few miles away.
The irony of the near death situation was not lost on Slater. He had always been a lucky bastard.  He got to test that theory once again.
As Slater was about to enter the makeshift lodge, a movement caught his eye. Squinting, he tried to get a visual at the edge of the dark forest, scanning for any form of life. He studied the forest line a while longer. Whatever it was, it appeared to have moved into the dense interior.
Slater secured the crude entrance to their cold, but cozy cabin. He gathered enough clothing debris for a small fire. A quick glance at Red told him that she had not moved since he had evacuated their cramped space. Perhaps with luck, she would regain her vision long before their ordeal was over. He had to admit that at times when he thought about being alone with a gorgeous sexy woman in some isolated get-away, this was not exactly the dream he envisioned.
Swan awoke in the middle of the night to the stable heartbeat of the man wrapped around her as he lay sleeping. She could hear the wind blowing outside and the howl of a lonely wolf. She shivered. It was comforting to have this stranger close beside her as she dozed off again to Never Neverland.
The smell of smoke woke Swan from her deep sleep. She opened her eyes. Frowning, she could see nothing. She grouped for the man that had been beside her. He wasn’t there. Gulping for air, Swan tried to orient herself. Panic began to set in. “Is anyone there?”
Slater watched for only a half second and immediately came to her side. “I’m right here,” his deep voice rumbled.
Relief was immediately evident as each frowning feature began to disappear and she reached out for human contact. “I smelled smoke,” she explained in a quivery voice. “What’s burning?”
“I built a small bonfire to keep us warm,” he replied.
The minute the words were out of his mouth, Slater wished that he could have taken them back. Empty eyes suddenly filled with tears and began to run down her cheeks.
Watching this brave woman struggling with the realization of blindness was almost Slater’s undoing. He had seen gruesome things on battlefields that had affected him less. Pulling her to him, he began to rub her shoulders as they started to shake with emotion. Then, the really hard sobbing began as Slater continued to hold and tried to sooth Swan. It wasn’t until sometime later, the sobbing stopped and her body became very still. Slater thought that she had escaped into a sleep mode. He was surprised when she spoke.
“Why can’t I see?” 
“Your pupils are dilated and I think you probably have a concussion.”
She seemed to accept the explanation.
Trying to divert her thoughts, he asked, “What should I call you?”
Swan didn’t answer right away. She was still struggling to swallow her emotions. One word was all she could choke out, “Swan.”
“So,” Slater thought, “I guess that that was all the information Red was going to divulge.” He could play that game. “I go by Ace.”
Swan didn’t react----so much for conversation.
After a pregnant silence, Swan finally offered an unnecessary apology. “I’m sorry that I became so frightened, but you weren’t beside me.”
Slater wasn’t sure how to reply to that statement. He wasn’t used to relying on anyone, but himself. That was the way it was when he was growing up, that was the way it was when he was in Kuwait. Except for a few certain buddies that he knew he could always rely on in the most desperate of situations and vice versa, that was the way it always had been.
Slater immediately felt something deep in his gut. Unable to identify this new emotion, he reacted as he always did with pure instinct. He tucked Swan’s head under his chin and began to stroke her reddish corn silk hair. It tickled the edge of his nose and smelled of fresh roses. A corkscrew lock of curly red hair wound itself around his little finger. Little did he know that it was also intertwining like soft fingers on a vine around his heart.
Slater looked down at the light blue circles under Swan’s sightless eyes. Driven by an unknown emotion and hoping to reassure her, he reached out to run his thumb over her silky chin line---big mistake! His soothing touch relaxed Swan and she was soon in another world. Sleep for Slater on the other hand was once again a long time in coming.

CHAPTER 6

Slater woke with the same adrenaline alertness that he always did when he sensed that there was an ominous sinister change around him. The blistering embers from the fading fire still had a soft eerie glow that gave the makeshift tent a dreamy slow motion feel, but it also gave an inch of light that was adequate for him to seek out the shadows of his statue like surroundings. At first, he thought that it was just the shift of the incessant howling wind, but vital experience taught him that it was something else. He listened. There it was again, a very faint sound of heavy breathing and soft cautious walking as though a four legged animal were vigilantly looking for the most vulnerable entrance into the frozen igloo. 
All of Slater’s electro lights went on full circuit. He carefully untangled himself from his precious bundle and crept silently to the entrance. He grabbed a piece of sharp metal as he approached the only opening of the icy tent. Inching the makeshift door open only a small wedge, he tried to evaluate the situation. As a Navy SEAL, he was supposed to always be prepared for the unexpected. He must be getting a little rusty, as he was not primed to be eyeball to eyeball with the cunning creature of the northern timber wolf! 
A half a second passed as each adversary gauged the strength and intelligence of the other. The North American Wolf was in his element, but what he didn’t know was that so was Slater. The tenseness of the situation made Slater at his most dangerous and he could be just as lethal as any wild animal.
The warning sound of a low snarling growl and a set of razor sharp teeth inches from his nose, goaded Slater into immediate action. Suddenly, 150 pounds of muscle attacked, slamming at the entrance, snarling and snapping as though it were a battering ram! With the metal shield in one hand, Slater pushed back with 230 pounds of pure muscle of his own. It was man versus beast. Slater was not a stranger to difficult moments and physical demands. At six foot four, Slater’s daily ritual religiously begins with pumping iron, running inclines, and other physical workouts to stay in shape and ready in case his private special ops unit was called upon in a moment’s notice.
The first attack lasted less than two minutes, but it seemed much longer as Slater dug in his heels and held his own. The aggressiveness of this lone wolf told Slater that this was a either a very determined wild animal or a very hungry one. The violent assault suddenly halted; however, soft panting gave Slater the clue that a second vicious attack was eminent. He was right.
When the second strike finally ended  and it appeared that the beast decided to find easier prey, Slater began rapidly securing the entrance with more steel and plane seats that he was able to twist and pile making it a stronger more formidable sanctuary. As a final touch, he built a fire for discouragement.
It was then that he looked at Swan. She hadn’t said a word during the entire attack.  She was obviously very frightened, but holding it together.
In a wobbly voice she asked, “Wh-what attacked?”
Slater replied, “Wolf, a big one. We’re safe and secure for the moment.” 
She nodded, accepting his word as fact. “How can I help?” 
That comment brought up all kinds of possibilities. Slater was accelerated. He had been in his element. He had met his enemy and won. With his adrenaline pumping, he knew just what was needed to calm him down. He covered the small distance between them in a single step with the determination of the wild darkness within him. He roughly pulled Swan into his arms and planted a very sexual kiss on her ruby red lips. He left no doubt of what he was insisting--no demanding! Wrong move! Through his lusty haze, it finally penetrated his foggy brain that Swan was resisting him--the killer charmer. It never occurred to him that she might have other ideas. As he pulled back he realized that she was pushing and sobbing. He released his iron grip. She rolled over on her side away from him into a fetal curl. He watched her shoulder’s shaking and felt like the “heel” he was. 
“Swan?” He tried to touch her, but she would have none of him. Simultaneously, the beast outside howled as the beast within felt the same frustration.

CHAPTER 7

Day five began somewhat routinely as it had the previous day and the day before that with two exceptions--tension inside and out. Slater had awoken several times in the middle of the night to stroke the dying fire and check on Swan. He was in a crappy mood. He had just checked the area outside around the tin tent. Their surroundings were “poxed” with footprints as in plural.
Slater was concerned that a pack of wolves had been scouting his domain. He was hoping for only the one rogue loner of the night, but soon discovered that he was probably dealing with a pack of five or six---maybe more. Some super male wolf harems are known to have as many as fifteen. A small group might be manageable, but a large pack signified significant danger for him and especially, Swan, if he were unable to protect her.  Slater had been watching the lethal leader for some time now through the plane window. The alpha male wolf looked as though he were capable of keeping a large group in check with hardly so much as a snarl. He was solid black with cunning yellow eyes that Slater had experienced up close and personal. His shoulder height even at this distance appeared to be 36-39” with a minimum weight of 130-150lbs, probably the latter---a formidable opponent in a hand-to-hand combat.
His alpha female counterpart was lying beside him. They mated for life. Slater hadn’t notice her immediately until she had reached up with her long pink tongue to lick his ear. She blended into the snowy surroundings. She was his opposite with pure white fur. She had matching identical deadly fangs and probably the same determination and the same sadistic need for blood and power---a well-matched mate.
The black devil didn’t look like he was ready to cut and run. That would have been cowardly and Slater didn’t think that would be acceptable to this wild carnivore.  He stood still and silent, seeming to majestically be waiting for something as he stood guard at the top of his icy mini peak.

CHAPTER 8

Slater eyed Swan warily as she struggled to come to a sitting position. He watched as what seemed like an exhausted effort push a strand of wayward heavy mane from her furrowed brow. She looked so lost and helpless that something stirred in the middle of his gut that he chose not to identify. He was unusually tense when softly she called out to him. It took him by surprise when he realized that was his great white hope and that all he wanted to do was hold her, comfort her, and chase away her demons. He was more than a little concerned that she might still consider him one of those diabolical monsters that she seemed to be fighting both asleep and awake throughout the night. That was not going to happen again!
Slater had always been an exceptionally good lover. Rarely, if ever, did he have to wait for any signal from the opposite sex. He didn’t brag about it--that was just the way it was. Females were always stud friendly. Never had his actions ever been rebuffed! This was a totally new and surprising experience. He always relied on his swarthy good looks with olive skin, coal black hair, Roman nose, high cheek bones, sky blue eyes, and “devil may care attitude” that except for his baby blues, all gave testimony to his American Apache heritage. All he needed to do was turn on the charm and flash his toothy white smile that produced dimples on both sides of his mouth and he immediately had more than his share of feminine partners. 
It mattered not to Swan that Slater was handsome and gorgeous as she could only touch and feel. Obviously, she was not impressed with his “bear like” activity of the night before wrestling match. He realized that a little more finesse was probably required in this situation. Let’s face it---a LOT more finesse was probably required.
Adjusting to the situation and changing tactics, Slater cleared his throat, signifying his presence, but unsure of what to say next, which was rare in itself. So, he ran his forefinger over his sexy lips thinking and waiting as he had often had to do when situations called for it.
Slater was not a stranger to waiting and evaluating a problem. He had often had to do just that when he was under difficult circumstances in enemy territory with his commando unit. His buddies called him Ace for two reasons: he always delivered the enemy and he always scored with the ladies. Hoping that Swan would make the first move, he waited.
Swan had a miserable night. She’d had visions of dreadful monsters that haunted and chased her from the past. They had insisted on intruding and producing a mini-nightmare. Her eyes were red and swollen from a night of sobbing combined with the terrifying situation of the plane crash, blindness, and a strange man that brought conflicting emotions. It was a lot for her mind to cope and comprehend.
Slater prayed that more tears were not forthcoming. As luck would have it, Swan reached out to him. His heart did a little leap of anticipation. He had to remind himself that this was not a signal for him to “jump her bones”, but merely a need for some security from another human being. Her tiny pink tongue flicked over her luscious lips. Sloan stifled a moan.
“I need you,” she whispered. 
A second invitation did not need to be issued. Slater was at her side in a flash. He reminded himself that her key word was “need” not “want”. He felt exonerated and if he really evaluated the situation, he also felt contrite and a little relieved.
“I’m sorry,” he replied. Where did that come from? He’d rarely, if ever, said those words in his entire lifetime. “Watch it, Tiger, you’ll soon find yourself falling for gorgeous Red.”---an ignored inner voice injected as another voice replied, “Too late.”

CHAPTER 9

By evening, Swan and Slater had fallen into a quiet companionship and unbeknown to Swan a micro-courtship had also begun to take place. All this holding, light touching, and soothing quiet talk was uncharacteristic for Slater. For him, it was unchartered territory. Not really a sacrifice as he was finding out, but since he was a bit of a louse, he hoped that it would help gain him the advantage for his ultimate goal of something that he wanted--- and no doubt about it, he wanted Swan.
Slater always liked his tumbles lusty and spontaneous. There never was a need for a plan. But, he knew that a change of tactics was needed “big time” if he were to have this woman and he would have her. However, over the course of almost a week, Swan was becoming more than “just” a woman to him than he was willing to admit even to his subconscious. Helplessness combined with a woman’s dependency was new on his radar, raising raw protective emotions that had never surfaced before in his entire thirty-three years of life. It was a new and conflicting experience that he wasn’t about to take time to dwell upon at this moment.
Swan had been lost in her thoughts thinking about her reaction to Slater the night before with his aggressive tactics of a fully aroused male. She was not terribly surprised that she had reacted with such hysterics from such a forceful man as a distant memory had jumped up from the past, intruded, and did a repeat preview of an awful scenario from long ago. She wanted to get over it. She needed to get over it.
“Are you a patient lover?” 
Slater froze, hoping this was an indication that things were gaining momentum in his favor. At that moment he would have said, “Yes” to any required positive answer.
Swan’s red hair fanned around her face like a halo. It blended into the fox fur making it difficult to distinguish between the wild and the domesticated, much like the white mate of the dark devil outside. In his haze, the analogy was lost totally on Slater as well as the increased howling that had begun to escalate into the wintry night. It should have alerted him to the danger that was taking place outside the cozy one room motel; however, because of the drama unfolding inside, Swan and Slater were completely oblivious to the drama unfolding outside.
“Make love to me.” Huh? Slater couldn’t believe his ears. “Just be patient,” she said so softly that Slater had lean closely to those luscious lips to hear the quiet words.
“Babe,” he pulled her against his muscular chest, “we have all the time in the world.”
Slowly, Slater tipped Swan’s rose colored lips to his. He was exhilarated that she was letting him taste her. They were every bit as good as they looked. Reaching under the fox fur for the warmth of male and female, his hand hovered over her breasts letting her anticipate the pleasure that was to come. One finger slowly lowered and began to circle her right nipple. He continued this assault back and forth between her two breasts before he got the response that he wanted. Then he proceeded to introduce Swan into the addiction of worldly love in the cozy cooler of the severed 707 tail. He persisted with his slow dance of making love for the rest of the night. He was indeed a patient lover. It wasn’t long before his coaxing and coaching urged Swan to become an active participate. By morning, their lusty lovemaking had escalated to steamy and sizzling as it threatened to melt their icy igloo and turn their temporary tin tent to mush.

CHAPTER 10

Slater was a happy camper. He smiled down at his surprisingly passionate Red that had given to him the most precious gift that any woman could give. That pleased him. It was quite obvious that he had pleased her as well. More emotions were jumping around inside him than had ever surfaced in his lifetime. Fortunately, he didn’t have time to dwell and evaluate what he was feeling.
The sense of eminent danger made Slater’s adrenaline jump to full throttle as his body jerked and he suddenly took a giant leap to the hole in the window of their makeshift shelter. He scanned the frozen tundra frowning. It was mid-afternoon--a dark and gloomy day. What he saw outside on the snowy landscape made him more than a little exasperated with himself for underestimating his satanic enemy of the timber wolf.
While Slater was making love and glorifying in his expertise as the great Romeo, the situation outside had exacerbated to a high level of extreme danger---the black devil had called in his troops much like the great General Patton. His strategy plan was almost human in his execution.
“Son of a bitch!” Slater estimated the wild troops to be approximately fifteen in number. They were surrounded. Each canine predator was closing the circle and was intent on devouring the prey inside the igloo. They reminded Slater of Zulu warriors, not particularly in a big hurry, but enjoying the thrill of making their intended victims squirm and anticipate their death as they knew their quarry wasn’t going anywhere. Their tactics also made it easier to catch a running prey, not that Slater had any intention of trying to out run an animal capable of the top speed of 40mph.
Black Satan sat on tense hunches with his deadly mate mystically at the top of the embankment and appeared to be orchestrating the entire attack. Slater swore as he was given only a few seconds to prepare for war. Fortunately, those precious seconds were valuable and productive. He checked the security of the opening, which he suspected might be the most solid attack. He placed a stick with a hot ember on one end in Swan’s right hand, and grabbed his makeshift knife before the first wolf came charging through the small window entrance as if a decision had been made that this was the weakest point. His advantage was that they could come only one at a time through the small open port. If any got through before he was able to kill each first in line, he would be at a decided disadvantage.
The entire wolf attack lasted almost a full ten minutes as six vicious carnivores tried to enter the makeshift igloo. By the time it was over, four bloody timber wolves lay scattered lifelessly on the icy terrain and two others had retreated to lick their wounds. Slater had not survived the attack unscathed either as more than one fang had made contact with his forearms. The wounds were not life threatening, but none-the-less needed attention and hurt like hell.
Quickly wrapping each arm with makeshift bandages and with the help of Swan, Slater prepared for another attack. A large fire below the broken window was of the utmost priority. Now that the Canes lupus had drawn the blood of their opponent, they would be back to try to finish the job. The smell of blood and injured prey would excite the warrior wolves even more and regrouping would not take long. He only hoped that he was up to the task of defending his small fort one more time or as many times as it took to discourage the savage beasts.

CHAPTER 11

Bear and Dog had been scouting each crevice of the Colorado Rockies snow covered mountains for almost a week. It looked like one big glacier down there. They were not new to this painstaking procedure. They were experienced and well-seasoned troopers who had seen war in almost every zone and in the most demanding of climates in the world. They were good at what they did. They knew that if anyone could survive the jet disaster, it would be Ace. That possibility was becoming leaner every day. They, however, would not be satisfied until they saw his final parts in a black body bag. 
Another big storm was headed their way. Big dark ominous clouds were hovering in the distance. Time was running out. If the wreckage of the 707 were not discovered today or tomorrow, it was liable to be buried so deep in lethal snow that any hope of discovery would be camouflaged until spring over six months away.
Barrett gripped the chopper’s steering and continued to zigzag over the frozen earth below. Barrett was nicknamed Bear because he looked like one--big, burly, and ferocious if the situation called for it, which in his previous business had been often. He was now a family man that made small private jets and helicopters for our American government. He liked married life. Why wouldn’t he? He was married to a beautiful, tall, long leggy actress with skin the color of coffee and cream, which was why she went by the name, Mahogany.
Mahogany was “Magdalena” on one of the national soap operas. She got the job when a director noticed her as she was performing for the USA troops at Christmas in Baghdad. That was Bear’s first encounter with his future wife. He immediately decided that she was going to be the one for him. She had the look of royalty with her fine features and exotic, slightly slanted, gray blue eyes--fit for a sultan just like him he decided.
Mahogany and Bear complimented each other and their courtship was very short. Although they had two preschool children, Lilly and Magnolia, who each had inherited the same tendency of their mother to become great beauties, she continued to work for the pure joy of entertaining. Bear understood that need and approved of her desire to be an active working woman; however, their growing family and each other were their top priority. Fortunately, the flexibility of their chosen professions gave them the opportunity to devote their time to both married life and the complexity of being a family.
Dog was named for his tenacious ability to sniff out the enemy and attack before they knew what had happened. He now worked for the government as a private secret agent. Dog had his own computer company. He had accounts all over the world. It made it easy for him to melt in and out of countries when the job required it. He enjoyed the undercover work. He never revealed his real name.
Dog had a variety of mistresses in several well-traveled countries. He was quite capable of satisfying each in spite of the demands of his business that needed his constant expertise. All women were thrilled to welcome his attentions no matter how frequently or infrequently were his visits. Three of his mistresses had his children, a total of five in all--three boys and two girls. They were each well provided for financially with homes that had spectacular views, swimming pools, and tasteful, but homey, decor. They were strategically placed in locations of the world to provide the necessary private retreat and security. It was a life that satisfied him without any feeling of regret. He needed the freedom. It was also important that any paper work did not point directly to family ties that might endanger his offspring or special moms.
Bear and Dog had worked with their buddy, Ace, on numerous occasions and under many complex circumstances. Each man would gladly lay down their life for the other and on more than one hot conflict; they had all had to prove that theory. They remained brothers in body and soul. Their Rambo days were over except for an occasional secret assignment that required the expertise of seasoned veterans. They were always more than happy to jump at the chance for camaraderie and excitement. Their private special missions over the years provided enough wealth to enable each soldier to retire in their early thirties, but the thrill of danger continued to lure them into explosive situations on occasions much to the chagrin of their loved ones.
“Over there!” Dog shouted.
The hawk eyes of Dog had spotted a wisp of smoke twirling above the looming mountain on the left. Hope with a little elation fell over the atmosphere inside the small enclosure of the humming black bird. Fire in this kind of landscape probably meant life---human life. 
They were not prepared for the sight that greeted them. A small lump of powdered snow poked up from the frozen tundra that was in the middle of what looked like a deadly war zone. It would have been difficult to spot except for the weave of smoke emanating from the top. Several bloody bodies were scattered close to the icy mound. On closer inspection, Dog realized that they were the bodies of the great Northern American Timber Wolf. It looked like they had challenged a formidable opponent and had lost. Even at this distance, bright red blood could be seen sprinkled about the mountainside. It was fresh, as though a battle had just taken place. The person inside the lump of ice had obviously been the victor. 
Bear grinned at Dog, “What do you think?”
“I think we’ve found our man.”
The friendly sound of the chopper caused Slater’s dimples to appear on each side of his face. He had again endured a dangerous situation and had come out victorious. He knew that swirling helicopter above contained his buddies, Bear and Dog.
The warrior wolves heard the noisy helicopter as well as they began to slink into the edge of darkness and into the safety of the Colorado native pines that survived in the high altitude of the stately Rockies. Even though the pines had absorbed these creatures of the mountains, Slater knew that they were still watching and waiting. He also knew that any more attempts to round up a second attack would be futile.
Slater began heaving the heavy metal and plane chairs from the entrance cursing and muttering obscenities as fast as was humanely possible, most of which Swan in her isolated world had never echoed in her ears. Within minutes, the barred entrance was open and Slater was waving a hearty sign of excitement to his friends twirling above them. Upon landing the helicopter, they greeted each other with the exuberance of long lost buddies that had bonded the trio’s friendship long ago.
“We thought we would be finding your frozen ass on some mountain pass. Glad we were wrong buddy. Do you have anyone else stashed away in there?” questioned Dog.
Slater grinned, “Only one.”
Slater retreated into the frozen barrier and cautiously carried out his bundle of fox fur as though it were the most precious and fragile of all packages.
Bear extended his arms, “Let me help.”
Slater met his warm brown eyes with a determined steady gaze, “Not a chance.”
Bear’s eyebrows lifted a fraction and he had a difficult time stifling a grin. “Well, well,” he thought, “Leave it to Slater to crash on a mountaintop with some gorgeous chick. Further-more, perhaps my buddy, Slater, may well have boxed himself into some deep feelings from which he may never return,” he smiled. “It was about time.” Bear was finding the thought more than amusing. After all, everyone should have that feeling of being castrated for all women but one. With a chuckle to himself, he proceeded to climb in the front seat of the Black Hawk helicopter.
Slater rarely looked back from any kind of confrontation in his personal or professional life--no exceptions. But, as the helicopter ascended into the dreary drab sky above, the forlorn call of the wild caused his gaze to rivet below to the devastation that he had left behind.
The black devil had mounted the top of their makeshift home. His devoted clan gave homage to the great leader by surrounding and commiserating with their powerful general. His frustrated howl of not outwitting the enemy, his dead soldiers, or a cry of victory for chasing away the intruders in his territory continued as they retreated from this deserted ice land into civilization.
The intelligence of this powerful wolf animal would probably turn the war experience into a conquest by establishing a new den within the tin tail dwelling that would house the pups his mate would bear him in the spring. One thing was for sure--he remained king. Slater gave this savage black creature a silent salute and promptly turned his attention back to the present.
Swan was terrified. She remained exceptionally quiet, but the ordeal of a mass attack by creatures unknown and the flight of something airborne was driving her close to hysterics. Her only stabilizer was a stranger with whom she had intimate relations for the first time in her life. She clung to him with the tenacity that only pure terror could evoke. Slater felt her body language and understood her need as he once again gathered her close in his arms and tried to shelter her from the unfamiliar world that was crashing down upon her. For now, he was her solid rock and he accepted that. The gesture was not lost on his amused pals in the front seat.
Bear was concentrating on the area below. Because of the blizzard storm, the burned area of the unfortunate Flight 330 blended into the mountainside and was camouflaged beneath a foot of debris and the snowy sustenance. There was no evidence of life, but because of the shortage of fuel and all spaces of their small craft were occupied, they radioed the location and continued their journey back to the nearest helicopter pad. When they landed, an ambulance was waiting and whisked the previous passengers of the ill-fated 707 to the emergency room of the nearest medical facility at the Breckenridge ski resort.
Med-act finally persuaded Slater to let go of Swan and place her on the small gurney. Although they were separated by body, there was no way that they were going to pry their fingers apart. Slater’s stern frown booked no argument from either emergency worker as he climbed into the back of the ambulance. The door shut, the flasher was turned on, and they took off at top speed.
The whole ordeal was an extremely emotional upheaval from which most people never survive without a lifetime of consequences. For Slater, it was business as usual, but for Swan and the ordinary “Joe” it was understandable very traumatic. Her head began to throb painfully. She soon escaped from the blaring siren of the moving med truck by retreating into the world of darkness. It swirled around her like a warm cozy blanket. She wasn’t afraid. She knew Slater was there protecting her and just maybe he even cared for her a bit.
Slater knew the minute that Swan was no longer in the present. Her hand became limp, but he never let go. He continued to stroke her extremities and speak to her in a soothing and comforting voice. He only hoped that he was penetrating the fog that had encompassed her mind and caused her to enter a deep sleep beyond his reach.

CHAPTER 12

Previous memories began to intrude and fade away as Swan revisited her growing-up years. They were not “Happy Day” memories. Swan had had a difficult childhood that only escalated as a high school adolescent.
A working mother whose only source of income was waiting tables at the local diner was the only parent Swan could remember. Her mother provided as best she could, but money was scarce as was her love and concern for Swan.
Swan never knew her dad. He had disappeared when she was a toddler and had never resurfaced again. It was probably just as well as he was a predicted alcoholic and most certainly had long ago passed into another world.
Because of Swan’s life in the low-income bracket, there were never enough coins to buy something new. It was a sacrifice to buy any clothing at all. So, when they went to the local second hand store, it was a special treat.
Swan was always an exceptionally tall skinny child with frizzy red hair. As she grew older, nothing changed. The taller she grew, the more other children delighted in ostracizing her at every opportunity from grade school through high school. It was, especially, unpleasant during her growing stage, as she was nearly a head taller than even the boys. Her unruly medusa red hair made it impossible for her to blend into the woodwork, which is exactly where she most wanted to be.
Unfortunately, one day a teacher made the mistake of using her middle name, Swan, when she was calling roll. The snickering vibrated around the entire school. It wasn’t too long before she was dubbed the “The Ugly Duckling” or just plain “Ugly”, which stuck with her through most of her school years. Just when the term seemed be dying down, out of necessity, glasses were perched on the tip of her nose. They were much too big for her face with totally outdated rims that had a way of “geekinizing” her even more.
Swan’s humiliation became almost unbearable when other young girls began to realize that she was wearing “their” hand-me-downs from the second hand store. They would joke and tease her so much that she could hardly function.
As she approached her senior year, Swan’s outward appearance began to change. She had a small job after school working as a “gofer” for a small advertising firm. Although it brought in a very small income, she was able to buy cheap clothing of her very own at Wal-Mart and Target. The new clothing fit her flourishing figure and it was not long before the opposite sex began to take notice. As it turned out, this was not necessarily a good thing.
Billy Branson who was the high school star quarterback was the first to zero in on Swan’s blossoming bosom. He began to joke about it in the workout room. It wasn’t long before she was the butt of locker male humor whenever the topic arose and wouldn‘t it be a “hoot” to deflower “The Ugly Duckling”. It was a game they liked to play.
The little game was more than a little disturbing when they began to be more aggressive with their sexual verbal assaults whenever the opportunity presented itself. Billy and his buddies became more and more brazen simply because they knew they could. They continued these sexual innuendos because they were typical cowards and because they enjoyed it. They also knew that they would not be pursued if a criminal act of rape were to take place. They were probably right.
All of Billy’s little gang came from wealthy families and with that wealth came powerful friends in high places. Over the years, they had committed several minor crimes, which the local officers chose to overlook with very little encouragement. It was just a mentality that was accepted in this small community.
Swan was no novice to this cruelty by her fellow classmates. She dealt with their obscenities and tried to cope with them the best she could as she always had.
One evening as the sun was going down; Swan decided to walk back to the school to get an assignment that she had left in her locker. As fate would have it, Billy and his gang of buddies were hanging around the facilities’ parking lot in his high-powered four-wheeler truck drinking beer. The lot was empty except for a few unoccupied cars scattered throughout the area. They observed Swan entering through the open side door. This was the perfect opportunity that they could not pass up. Perhaps if they had not been drinking or perhaps if they had not been goaded by each other, Swan’s nightmare may never have happened.
The gang of four entered shortly behind Swan. The halls were silent except for an occasional squeak from their sneakers. They listened for any human activity. There it was on the top floor of the institution. They scrambled in that direction.
After gathering up the necessary book and papers to complete her homework assignment, Swan slammed the locker door to proceed on her journey back home. Behind her, a cynical snicker alerted her that she was not alone. With a sickening feeling of dread, she whirled around. She was not prepared for what she saw.
Four young men that looked like the Ku Klux Klan were standing behind Swan.  Their faces were covered with white t-shirts. Swan did not doubt for one minute who had surrounded her. The one that she knew was Billy had a dirty rag in his left hand. She had no doubt that the situation boded ill for her.
The ghastly gang began to taunt and tease. Swan tried to run, but she was no match for this football team. Although she was hysterically kicking and screaming, it was not long before they had roughly torn open her blouse, ripped off her panties, and spread her legs on the hard cement surface of the third floor of the high school. Stuffing the rag in her mouth, Billy began to unzip his jeans. It was at that point, the custodian flipped on the hall lights and the rapists all scattered like the cockroaches they were.
The police were notified that a near rape had taken place in the halls of their small town alma mater. The law enforcement; however, of this minor town refused to believe such a thing had taken place in their community much less in their local high school. Neither Swan nor the janitor could identify the assaulters without a doubt because of their covered faces. So, it was cataloged in the police annals as a misdemeanor or a prank-- after all, boys will be boys.
Two weeks later, Swan’s mom suffered a fatal heart attack. The day after the funeral, Swan left the good town of Edgerton, Pennsylvania and never looked back.
It was only in later years that Billy Branson became a drug dealer and user. One day, he was fatally shot in the head and found in the gutter where he belonged.

CHAPTER 13

Swan sat quietly on the hard wooden bench of the bus depot waiting to board the Greyhound vehicle that belched out thick black smoke from its exhaust. This was Swan’s golden coach to another life and she was squirming inwardly with excitement.
The husky bus driver finally climbed into the front seat of the elderly bus, started the ignition, and began collecting tickets. The soft seats were worn and a little stained in some areas, but Swan who was first in line, didn’t seem to notice as she found her seat at the front of the bus. For her, it was the grandest carriage she had even seen. This was her initial adventure into the unknown and she was thrilled about the days to come for the first time in her life.
It was a beautiful sunshiny delightful day without a cloud in the sky. Swan hoped that this was an indication of good times ahead. She smiled, a rare moment in her lifetime, and crossed her fingers for a new and happier future.
The Greyhound bumped over the Allegheny Mountains, which twisted and turned in the state of Pennsylvania from southwest to northeast. They were not the majestic mountains of the Rockies, but beautiful nonetheless.
The wildlife dotted the Pennsylvania countryside and seemed to be thriving in abundance as it was a very mild winter. Female deer and an occasional stag were often seen eating the grain among the farm animals of dairy cows and hogs. Grouse and songbirds also blended into the green pastures with the mountain laurel and denuded hemlock trees. It was a typical scene that sprinkled the hills and valleys as each wild animal came out for their daily dinner.
The bus accelerated through the city of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Swan with her face pressed against the glass only got a small glimpse of the capital with the state flag of royal dark blue that displayed the State Coat of Arms upon it. It flew at the very top of the dome, attracting the attention of visitors from many places around the country.
The coach and its passengers continued to bump through Allentown. Strangers persistently got on and off the bus throughout the journey. It did not become crowded until they reached Philadelphia. It remained that way until they passed through the Holland Tunnel and arrived at their final destination in the NYC Port Authority. Then, everyone grabbed their bags or purses, formed a line to empty the bus, and dispersed in different directions.
No one paid much attention to the tall fuzzy redheaded skinny woman in jeans, a light denim jacket, and a backpack slung over her shoulder. That in itself was a wonderful feeling as Swan looked up and viewed the magnificent New York skyscrapers.
It was late morning and Swan with all her belongings in the world started down 42nd Street. She grabbed a quick burger at the nearest Mickey D’s where she found a discarded NY Times newspaper. In it, she found some information that gave her a direction. Tucking the Times under her arm, she caught a city bus to Greenwich Village in lower Manhattan. By darkness, she was checked into a crowded comfortable YWCA. She was grateful to take a warm shower down the hall and climb into a clean cozy bed where she dreamed of new friends and a new beginning.
Swan awoke to the unfamiliar sound of busy city traffic. New York horns were honking, breaks were screeching, and obscenities were being shouted as “The Big Apple” began its morning. Pedestrians were hailing cabs and scurrying in different directions. Street vendors were setting up shop and merchants were opening their doors. A few leftover derelicts from the night before were hanging around the street corner. New York’s finest were patrolling the streets. It was a typical city scene.
Swan pulled a V-neck black top over her head, stepped into some basic black pants, and generic black flats. She combed her unmanageable curly locks back from her face and put it in a ponytail. It made her aqua eyes look huge, but they were soon covered-up with the heavy rim of her glasses. Her final touch was a little lip-gloss and some cheap pearl earrings that had been purchased at Claire’s boutique. She grabbed her light jacket and headed for her first interview in the city of New York. 
Swan soon landed a job in another advertising agency with duties that were similar to the one she had in high school. It was a large agency and had many possibilities for advancement. It was exciting, busy, and pleasant. Her happiness began to show in her body language and personality. It wasn’t long before she began to make friends for the first time in her life.
After six months, Swan’s responsibilities began to grow. She received her first raise and was being sent to agencies throughout the city to delivery information or act as a mini-embassy for her company. One Tuesday she walked into “World Glamour Models”. It was on that fateful day that her life did a one-eighty. It changed beyond her greatest hope or imagination.

CHAPTER 14

Swan awoke from unconsciousness to a familiar agitated voice. Slater was grilling the doctor. It might have been rather humorous, if her head had not begun to ache.
“It has been three days and by god it’s time she woke up.”---As if on cue, a groan caught the attention of both men giving the doctor a reprieve from a cross examination from her Ace.
Slater immediately jumped to her side, took her hand in his big one, and began to speak to her in soothing tones. “Come to me, Babe.”
But, for Swan, as much as she wanted to obey him, could not cope with the pain and fell back into darkness. It was not until the next day that Swan began to cross the line back to the living. She opened her eyes, but to her grave disappointment, she saw nothing.
A nurse was checking on Swan as she was beginning to wake up. She asked her how she felt.
“I think better, but my head still hurts.” Swan swallowed an emotional swallow and continued with a shaky voice, “I still can’t see anything.”
The doctor was making his morning rounds and soon entered Swan’s hospital room. Slater was right behind him with a cup of steaming coffee that he had picked up at the local Starbucks downstairs. He hovered over the doctor as he examined his patient’s empty eyes. The pupils were no longer dilated, but vision still remained elusive. A local specialist was called to the scene. The doctor gave her very little encouragement. He only told Swan to get plenty of rest and perhaps the trauma that had affected her eyesight would heal as well. That was not the desired information, but Slater held her hand and reassured her that there were plenty of other avenues to explore at the center for the blind in Los Angeles.
When Slater decided that Swan was being nursed back to health to his satisfaction, he boarded a plane to the John Wayne Airport to take care of some impending company business in Newport Beach, CA. He planned to return to Swan in Breckenridge two days later. In that time frame, Swan was dismissed from the hospital and evaporated from his life forever; severing any possibilities with the one woman that he might have had a serious relationship.
Because Slater was not a relation, the hospital would not release any information about Swan. Slater was not adverse, however, to using his charm to get the information that would give him a hint as to where she had gone. What he found out made him furious! Swan had specifically instructed hospital records that HE was to be given nothing to give him an indication of her whereabouts! He could have pulled in some “markers” to get that information, but he was angry, he was frustrated, and he wasn’t going to do a damn dangle dance for anyone!

CHAPTER 15

Long before Breckenridge was a ski resort, it was the summer hunting ground for the Ute Native Americans. The Town itself was established in 1859 as the call of gold beckoned many white settlers to cross the Continental Divide. Twenty years later, it was a flourishing town with their fair share of saloons, dance halls, churches, a school, bank, post office, and several other establishments. It continued to grow as silver was discovered and another wave of hopeful fortune hunters began to invade the growing boomtown community. Much of the Breckenridge establishments disappeared as it entered the twentieth century. In the late 1800’s, this little town tried to achieve the status of a ghost town with a population of around 250---it failed.
In 1961 a lumber company from Wichita, Ks. had the vision of an upscale ski resort, which brought a new era to the sleepy community. Once again, Breckenridge became a hustling quaint community of the Rockies. Today, people visit this Victorian town from all over the world to enjoy the outdoor challenges of golf, biking, hiking and of course to ski the snow covered mountainside.

CHAPTER 16

Kat was on a plane to the Breckenridge airport the day before she was to take Swan home. She had spoken with Swan several times on the phone and understood the severity of the situation. She was there to help her friend and to navigate her journey to an eye specialist and clinic at UCLA. As the big bird approached the runway, she looked down to watch the colorful trendy skiers in the distance zipping across the slopes and mounting the highest ski lift in North America.
Kat was a happy wealthy divorcee. She did not grow up with money and luxury, but it did not take her long to adjust to her affluent status. She was raised by her grandmother after she was dumped on her doorstep at age four by her irresponsible mother. It was a difficult time for both the grandmother and the granddaughter. Grams was getting old and in ill health. She was so concerned with herself that she was pretty oblivious to Kat’s need to be loved and wanted. Money was always scarce.
As Kat began to approach her teen years, she began to enjoyed life to its fullest once she understood how to get what she wanted. As her body began to change around thirteen, she soon became known as K.A.T. = (K-cute/Ass/Tits), which stood for more vulgar terms as her reputation grew. She enjoyed that questionable status. By the time she was fourteen, she began to use her lush figure to her advantage if she wanted a certain boy or anything else that she could manipulate from them.
When Kat was a senior in high school, she decided she wanted to be the homecoming queen. She told the captain of the football team that she would screw the entire squad if he could make that happen. He did and she did. For Kat, it was not a hardship.
After high school, Kat was lured to the glamorous city of Las Vegas. She was content in the knowledge that she would be able to charm herself into the arms of the richest man in the city. She would not miss her mark by far. She soon landed a job as a Las Vegas showgirl at the Mirage. She had a beautiful face and figure, which immediately attracted the attention of the owner and bachelor of a chain of LV hotels, Joe Dollard. Most people called him Joe Dollar for his ability to make money.
Kat and Joe were married at a nearby chapel long before her six-month contract was up at the Mirage. After seven months of marriage, and the excitement of a newlywed began to wear off, Kat began to call her new husband, Joe Dull-y. She started eyeballing other men who were only too happy to please, admirer, and oblige her in any way that she choose to be entertained. Kat and Joe got a divorce before the end of the year. Joe walked away with lighter pockets and Kat walked away a wealthy woman. 
Kat would be married three more times before she met Swan at the age of thirty-one. They teamed up at The Balboa Bay Club in Newport becoming tennis partners. It wasn’t long before the two became very close and formed a lasting bond of devoted friendship. 

CHAPTER 17

Kat left the baggage claim at the airport and immediately parted through the outside doors to hail the next taxi in line. After getting settled in the back seat, the taxi departed for the Breckenridge Medical Center. Swan was very relieved when Kat walked into her room. She was like the family she never had. It wasn’t long before Kat had filled out the necessary paperwork and made arrangements for tomorrow’s departure.
After making sure that Swan was settled in for the night, Kat checked in to the Timberland Hotel. Her room faced the steep mountainside of activity and skiers. The accommodations had a rustic elegance that gave the ambiance of being in an inviting log cabin, but had all the amenities of a luxury home. Unpacking her bag and refreshing her makeup, she got ready to go on the prowl. She pulled a red-scooped neck cashmere clingy sweater over her head to compliment the black stretch pants, black pointed high heel shoes, and gold loop earrings that she had worn on the plane. Adding a little lip-gloss, she headed downstairs to the martini bar, Red Square.
The bar was full of singles and affluent jet setters all mingling together. It was just the kind of diversion, which Kat was looking. She perched herself on the stool of the thirty foot long ice bar. It wasn’t long before she was surrounded by young admiring males hoping to “score” for the evening.
After a couple of martinis, Kat found herself in a chinchilla coat and hat entering the $250 vodka a glass freezer room. In this icy atmosphere, the affluent enjoyed specialty vodka from all over the world. The exquisite vodka was smooth, but not nearly as smooth as the gentleman in a man’s Russian sable that had joined her. The evening ended as would have been predicted--- Kat scratching and clawing in the bed of the hunk from the martini bar downstairs.
By 10:00 the next morning Kat rolled out of bed with a smile, dressed, grabbed a cup of coffee, and hailed a taxi to the medical center. By noon she had her friend, Swan, checked out of the Breckenridge Medical Facility and on a plane to her home in Newport Beach. They were in Swan’s luxury condo by late afternoon.

CHAPTER 18

Swan’s home was a modern condo at the top of a small private building. It had high ceilings and lots of space that had originally appealed to her. The furniture was unique and expensive. Fireplaces were in every room of her home, including the three bedrooms and balcony that took the chill off of the California evenings. Ironically, considering her present predicament, she bought it for the occasional picturesque view on a clear day of Catalina and because it overlooked the tiny island of Balboa that sported a colorful rainbow Ferris wheel. A hot tub surrounded by lots of blooming colorful plants faced the fireplace on the balcony. All the rooms had a touch of antiques and interesting personal mementos that she had collected from all over the world. There were no pictures or reminders of the past.
Swan and Kat had gone to bed hours ago, but Swan couldn’t sleep. She walked out onto the dark balcony in her flimsy pale blue silk nightgown. She knew no one could see her as her house was isolated and strategically placed to shield the privacy that she held so dear. As she became rich and famous, it was important to protect herself and her surroundings. If other women had been a little more vigilant and less naïve, they might still be alive today. Swan had no intention of joining the statistics of becoming a victim of anyone as she had in her growing-up years. She had taken some karate defense classes. She had continued to take additional classes to keep herself alert and ready. For the first time, she had control of her life or so she thought.
Swan could feel the cool salt sea breeze on her face. She could hear the break of the tide that was in the close distance. It was soothing as it always had been, but tears still gathered in her sightless eyes and began falling down her soft cheeks. She couldn’t help it, the tears soon turned into uncontrollable flood of weeping. She wrapped her arms around herself and was reminded of the arms of her lover and fellow wreck mate, Ace. She never knew his last name, she never asked. It seemed better that way. The possibility of being permanently blind was devastating and she had no intentions of asking anyone to share such a life, nor could she have ever stood his piety. It was just best that she cut all ties and begin to sort her life out by herself. The sun was peaking over the horizon by the time she finally pulled herself together and climbed between the soft silk sheets that smelled of roses. Swan, however, was unaware of the new morning. It mattered not to this young woman as night and day began to blend together.
It was nearly noon when Kat knocked softly at Swan’s door. The smell of coffee that she held in her hand, finally caused Swan to arouse herself from a deep sleep and sit up in bed to enjoy the fresh brew. Kat’s bouncy personality was the only thing that kept Swan from sliding back into a deep dark funk of oblivion.
Kat told Swan that she had contacted one of her ex-husbands that was a physician at the UCLA medical facility. When he heard what had happened to Swan, he was only too happy to see if he could make appointments happen through connections with personal friends and co-workers. Setting up an appointment with the world-renowned ophthalmologist would probably take a while. He would get back with her at the end of the day.
It was a sunny December day in Newport Beach. So, Kat insisted that Swan roll out of bed, slip into a bathing suit, and they walk down to the ocean. Perhaps laying on the warm beach would bring some healing to both the body and soul.
It was winter break and the beach was not deserted. Swan could hear seagulls, excited squeals of small children, and an occasional sand patrol that checked out the sandy beach and kept it safe. Everything appeared normal, even Swan with her sunglasses perched on the tip of her nose. It wasn’t long before she and Kat had dozed off and the afternoon was gone.
The next day was spent at the Research to Prevent Blindness Foundation Center in Los Angeles. It was a grueling and exhausting experience. Swan had several tests and saw six different doctors. Their combined conclusion was that scarring from the lasik surgery that had corrected her farsightedness may be interfering with the healing process. The final consultation with the panel of doctors only told her that someday she may regain her sight and some day she may not. Her concussion and trauma had caused the blindness. It could be that something equally as traumatic would cause her to regain her sight.
It sounded a bit like the snake pits of the 1800’s when they would lower insane people into a pit full of snakes. Their thinking during that period was that something that would drive a sane person insane would make an insane person sane. At least snake pits were not available today, which Swan could be grateful.
The present day had advanced only to give Swan the hope that future programs in vision genetics may someday give her back her sight. She was told that a new experimental drug, Ranexa, ironically made at Global Genetic Research Inc., was on the horizon of restoring eyesight for some people who had lost it for various reasons. It wasn’t much, but it gave Swan a glimmer of hope. The doctors looked at this beautiful woman with her head bowed and tears streaming down her cheeks from her sightless aquamarine eyes and all prayed for a miracle.
 
CHAPTER 19

Slater stood in his navy silk Armani suit and Italian soft leather shoes watching the ocean tide from his four-story office building, Global Genetic Research Incorporation. He liked the feel of nice fabric, but was always most comfortable in soft cotton, linen, or khaki. However, a man in his position was expected to dress the part of a successful and powerful businessman, which sometimes gave him a slight advantage when negotiating contracts.
Since the downing of the unfortunate airliner and the brief affair with Swan, Slater threw himself into several new projects for his company. Drowning himself in work, he managed to get through the holidays. He was finally able to ignore the nagging feelings for the one woman, which he might have had a relationship.
Slater rubbed the back of his stiff neck. He was restless. He was ready for some action. By the middle of January, he got his wish.
Slater, Bear, and Dog were no longer part of the United States SEALS. They had not been for over ten years, but because of their expertise in delicate international matters that involved kidnapping and extortion, wealthy companies and private individuals often hired them. It wasn’t long before they were in the top 25% of the world wealth themselves. They would, however, continue to take risk-taking jobs from time to time because they enjoyed the thrill and success of the hunt.
Slater and his private commando unit were contacted for a delicate and dangerous kidnapping assignment. He soon found himself on a chopper for jungles in an unknown destination somewhere in Bogotá. Bear and Dog sat across from him. They had both felt that Slater wasn’t nearly as focused as usual. This was crucial as in dangerous situations death could be only one second away for any of them. Neither soldier, however, wanted to have their head bitten off, so neither pointed this out to Slater. There had always been tough scenarios with distractions and he always come through. There was no reason to doubt that this time would be any different.
They each backpacked grenades, guns, and any arsenal they felt would be needed to free an American hostage from renegade drug dealers and terrorists. Their mission was to get in and get out of the Bogotá jungle with the American oil executive in tow. 
Today, they had flown out of the Dallas/Fort Worth airport. It was an International airport that flew soldiers all over the world. The port was full of troops getting ready to evacuate to Iraq or a desert area, which was obvious from their camouflage uniforms that were the color of cream and tan. Many had on the new uniforms whose fabric was made on the computer with a digital look. Those that were flying to a green belt wore the multi-colored green and brown. Slater and his unit of two wore the traditional green.
All the soldiers were roaming the airport shops, restaurants, and bars hoping to get their last glimpse of America before they departed to unknown foreign lands to try to keep world peace and democracy. About half of them had never been out of America. Some would never see it again. Others would be seeing combat for the very first time. It was just as well that they had never been to war, as all too often it is not what they could have ever imagined.
Desert areas were hot and dusty, 115 degrees was not unusual. When the wind blew, dirt would fly into your mouth, eyes, and ears. Handy wipes from home along with DVDs, magazines, TP, cookies, jerky, and other personal items that arrived in containers the size of shoe boxes from loved ones and special organizations were sometimes the only items that made this foreign land tolerable.
The first time a platoon saw combat was the most difficult. In a war zone, a buddy was always dying. Troops’ puking up their breakfast was not an uncommon sight. Charlie Med always had the worst job of sweeping areas and looking for injured soldiers after the combatants left the war zone. The medics would then load them on Chinook helicopters to get them back to medical facilities before death. Many didn’t make it. Some wished they had not.
Slater was no novice to war and neither were his buddies. Their experienced team was what made them the best in the world. That was why they were often contacted when diplomats and heads of state disappeared into the unknown. That is why their little unit had just departed to Columbia.
Before they left the States, they had received classified information from the US State Department that contained certain information in a special document about the drug warriors of Columbia. It was much easier to have a successful mission when you knew your enemy and had an outline of what to expect. However, they were a savvy group and knew how to deal with the unexpected. They would have the American out of camp and on the Apache chopper by nightfall.
Columbia is the fourth largest country in South America. It is also one of the toughest hotspots in the world making it a perfect breeding place for the lowlifes of the universe. Three Andean mountain chains, grasslands, and extensive jungle coastlines on the Caribbean Sea and Pacific Ocean make it easy to smuggle drugs and human trafficking in and out of the country. Kidnapping for ransom is also part of their illegal activities. All of the above is an extremely lucrative business for the scum that choose this way of life.
The natives of Columbia eke out an existence farming as did the nomadic farmers during the pre-Columbian period. It has the largest reserves of coal in Latin America. In the next decade, natural gas will be available to millions of Columbians. With luck, their wealth will help Latin cities eliminate the hordes of homeless children that live in the sewers with the rats. Hopefully, their plan will include deleting the sophisticated organized drug lords and the government that gives them immunity by looking the other way.
Today, there is a wide range of ethnic diversity in Columbia due to the intermingling of the native Indian, Spaniards, and black slaves. Only about 1% can claim 100 percent Chibchas Indian. They originally lived off the land that Slater was observing from above in the helicopter as it zigzagged over the lowlands and highlands to reach the kidnapped victim before he was assassinated.
Slater looked at the swirling green grasslands below as the helicopter hovered above and they repelled to the jungle floor. The object was to evacuate quickly, melt into the lush vegetation, and leave no evidence of any kind of human disturbance. Rendezvous was established early evening after the sun went down around 1700. Faces painted and ready for action, the three men moved in swift silence toward their intended target three miles away.
It was misty and muggy when the chopper dropped them off. That was not a surprise as rain was usually expected daily during the rainy season. The forest was alive with the wild animals of the region. A brightly colored macaw’s scream blended in with the spider monkeys as they swung from branch to branch on the overhanging trees. An occasional jaguar or ocelot lurked lazily on high branches or blended among the vegetation. It was alive as well with the smaller creatures that slithered and scampered throughout the jungle floor. They seemed very aware that man had invaded their territory and they wanted to make sure that they knew that they had not gone unnoticed. The only native wildlife that seemed happy to see them were the mosquitoes.
The three men neither had the time to notice the nature around them nor could they afford to be distracted from their mission. They were only aware of anything that seemed out of the ordinary or moved like a human. Faces covered in jungle green camouflage they moved quietly towards their destination silently signaling as they went. It was about forty-five minutes before they spied the guerrilla camp.
This group of narco-terrorists that they were observing was the largest group in Columbia. They are well organized. They are known as FARC, the Revolution Armed Forces of Columbia. In addition to their trafficking activities, they are reputed for their frequent vicious attacks on the oil pipelines. Their bombing campaigns occurred weekly as a recreational activity. They also enjoy the status of extortion, kidnapping, and are the instrumental lead suppliers to the world with heroin and refined cocaine. They are as tough, rough, and experienced as any trained army and were not to be underestimated.
Today, the band of mountain guerrillas was lazily smoking marijuana secure in the knowledge that they were safely camped in highlands of the Andes. Little did they know that their safety would be jeopardized the moment they captured the American oilman from the back of his truck after shooting the driver and two locals. 
Immediately after making contact with the outside world for ransom of their captor, the sophisticated satellite equipment of the American government had a “bead” on the guerilla soldiers. Their activities were monitored for one week before the private special ops unit invaded their territory.
Slater studied the movements of the guerrillas through field glasses. It wasn’t long before he spotted the American tied to the tree like a dog. He looked grungy and dirty with two weeks growth of beard. He was a little thin, but otherwise seemed unharmed physically. It was not a pleasant position, which to be put. The daily harassment from lunatic banditos was beginning to show. Hopefully, he could arise to the occasion and with the prospect of freedom would not be too weak to keep up with the ops unit and “Get out of Dodge”.
Slater and his buddies surrounded the camp carefully. They would wait until dark to make their move. Wearing night goggles, they were able to position themselves for any attack that would occur. Slater would free the prisoner. With luck, he would silently cut him loose and no one would be the wiser until morning. Unfortunately, that was usually the exception rather than the rule. As night fell, the victim was moved into a rough shelter, making the issue slightly more complicated.
The unit waited in tense silence, observing the camp, counting the guerrillas, and listening to the spoken Spanish. Each man of the SEALS’ unit spoke fluent Spanish as well as several other languages. They were all highly intelligent---which was just another reason that they were extremely lethal to their enemy. They were always in full battle-rattle gear with their flak vests and M-4 machine guns that had been modified to also include a grenade launcher. It is a heavy, but effective weapon and this crew did not use it as pray and spray artillery. They were deadly and accurate with their target.
As the sun was going down and boredom set in combined with a little tequila, an argument broke out between two guerrillas. It wasn’t long before all were entertained with a knife fight, which left one of the guerrillas dead. No one seemed particularly concerned. Life was not real important to this bunch unless it was their own. 
Once the camp settled down for the night, the unit would execute their plan. They would know the exact position of each smarmy terrorist before the attack began and dispose of them if necessary.
As the dawn jungle sounds began their nightly ritual, the soldiers prepared to launch their attack when a guerrilla operative wondered into the jungle to urinate near Bear---that was his misfortune. The guard near the captured oilman soon fell asleep---that was his misfortune as well.
Inside the makeshift shelter, Slater touched the shoulder of the kidnapped victim. He jumped in surprised and then slumped in relief as he realized he was in the presence of an American soldier. After cutting the leather bindings from the hands and feet of the guerrilla victim, Slater helped him stand and get his circulation flowing. It was at that moment that a bandito guarding the perimeter must have stumbled over the dead body of his comrade. An alert was sounded and all hell broke loose.
Bear and Dog immediately created a diversion. Grenades and a few other fireworks got the attention of the camp banditos. They soon muddled through their tequila fog and immerged on the fight scene with all the savageness they could muster. 
Eight dead guerrilla banditos were left behind as the three American soldiers and their kidnapped victim dissolved into the jungle terrain. They were too fast, too deadly, and left too many bodies to be followed. They were long gone before the guerrilla terrorists could regroup.
The oilman was a little shook and weak, but the thought of freedom gave him the needed boost of energy. With the help of night goggles, the group navigated steadily through the dark jungle floor with him. An hour later, they rendezvoused with the night bird chopper at the intended time and climbed into the open pit of the helicopter.
It would take three hours to get back to civilization and board a plane to the States. As the dose of adrenaline calmed, each man put the night behind them and began to doze as they hummed back to a military site. From there, they would catch a commercial plane from the city of Bogotá.
Slater’s nap was restless as memories of a beautiful redhead on another chopper percolated through his subconscious. It was a little longer before the blessed darkness of sleep took him out of his misery.

CHAPTER 20

It was a beautiful Saturday spring morning in Newport Beach. Slater decided to walk down to the local coffee shop from his lush penthouse apartment that overlooked the ocean to Catalina. As he picked up the LA Times, he glanced at the array of magazines that lined the open stand. It was the April issue of some fashion magazine that captured his attention. A redhead with aqua eyes graced the cover and stared back at him. He would know those eyes anywhere. He remained frozen in time absorbing the face and figure of the woman that he had erased from his conscious memory. In slow motion he reached out to touch her. He surprised himself by soon leaving with both the newspaper and magazine tucked under his arm.
Once Slater was back in the his posh apartment, he threw the magazine down on the fine brown leather couch with pillows made from woven Khalin rugs in rust, deep brown, and navy blue. His condo was his grand retreat from the world when he needed it. Three condos were put together to achieve a spacious and panoramic effect. It was elegantly decorated for a macho man.
The deep chocolate brown wooden floors gave an almost dull sheen of blackness. They were covered with Persian rugs from all over the world giving it a warm masculine feeling that was fit for an Arabian king.
The walls of Slater’s condo were a light gray adorned with a variety of tasteful and colorful expensive art throughout the house. He was especially proud of the calendar women of Vargas originals that adorned his bath with the sunken tub. Flat screen TVs and fireplaces were included in all the baths that kept a constant update on world events.
A few old world antiques from France and England graced a corner or two to give Slater’s private home the needed accent of perfection. They were elegant and expensive.
A large “cooler” room held wine that set on the tables of only the very rich and affluent. It was Slater’s special reserve.
A sleek modern bedroom held an oversized king bedroom set. The headboard was a narrow aquarium of salt-water fish. It was anchored to the wall and was as wide as the bed reaching to the top of the ceiling. It contained colorful coral and Caribbean fish of royal blue, bright yellow, orange stripes, and other exotic animals that live in the sea. 
The fish were fed from a workout room behind Slater’s bed. The exercise room had all the latest equipment and was part of the bedroom that gave him a spectacular ocean view, but running on the beach was more exhilarating than his treadmill unless the weather did not permit. That was rare.
A hot tub, which was often used for many decadent moments, rested on the balcony among the palms. It also had its own flat screen T.V. and fireplace. It most definitely was a party pad.
A full sized kitchen with cherry cabinets, stainless steel appliances, and black and gray swirling granite completed Slater’s cozy set up. It was used by a middle aged cook that came during the day. She cooked his meals, washed his bed, and kept his home clean and neat. She also took care of his fish and Caesar, his hefty Doberman that adored him and yet demanded very little from him except for an occasional pat on the head and a daily jog on the beach.
This morning, he was not enjoying his luxury bachelor pad. It more than annoyed him that he was perturbed by the face that now was on his coffee table staring back at him. Unable to control himself, he reached for the magazine and began to thumb through it until he reached the pictures of Swan. She was doing a swimsuit layout somewhere in the Caribbean with the white sands, clear aqua water, and sunny blue sky. She stood in a skimpy bikini on a sandy mound looking out over the Caribbean Sea. Her gorgeous long hair with the bird of paradise flower was tucked behind one ear. It blew lazily in the breeze along with the backdrop of the island palms. The aqua crocheted bikini covered very little of her womanly assets. It did not take much imagination to remember the large nipples and long legs that wrapped around him. A muscular male model stood directly behind her with his disgusting lips on her long neck. Swan smiled sweetly with half closed lids looking fully recovered. She seemed to be enjoying herself. That rather pissed him off!
Slater threw the magazine down again in disgust and walked out on the balcony for a smoke. What he didn’t know is that the Caribbean photo shoot had taken place last 
fall, six months before it was to appear in the spring magazine issue and three months before the fatal airline disaster.

CHAPTER 21

Swan pulled back the delicate white muslin drape that covered the panoramic view of the Pacific. They let in light and still gave her privacy when needed. She stared out the window of her glass doors that overlooked the ocean , but her vacant eyes still held no vision. She could only imagine the frothy tide as it rippled down the sandy beach and roared back to the yawning ocean beyond.
Swan had spent two months going to every appointment with every ophthalmologist in the Los Angeles area that was a world expert in their field. They all seemed to have the same conclusion of “wait and see”. She thought that that was a rather laughable phrase considering that was literally the state, which she did not find herself. She was frustrated and upset. Lately, she seemed to be in a continual state of nausea as well. Had it not been for her friend, Kat, she would have totally freaked-out.
Kat lived in a luxury home nearby. It was fortunate for Swan that she was in-between-lovers and not at her second home in southern Italy. Kat had replaced Ace for her temporary lifeline. She organized Swan’s apartment for her, took her to doctor appointments, and helped her with her darkness. Through sheer determination, Swan began to pull herself together and take complete control of her life. She did not remain helpless long. She learned from the organization for the visual impaired how to live in a world of blackness. Once she was resigned to a possibility of a lifetime of blindness, she soon learned to adapt to what was a strong possibility of normalcy for the rest of her life.
Swan’s apartment was not arranged too differently. Too much rearranging would only disturb her equilibrium and cause her to feel totally lost in her own surrounds. But, certain concessions had to be made in order to make it more functional.  She could only picture the Brazilin cherry floors and the few changes that Kat had made.
Swan’s pleasant luxury apartment was painted a soft yellow with white ornate molding above doors and at the top around each wall. Her artwork was bright and cheery. The bright colors made her feel happy and brought joy to the life that she had created. A Chihuly masterpiece of hand blown colored glass hung over the Biedermeier table in the dining room. The beveled glass mirrors on three walls of the dining room were in six-inch sections that reflected a view of Catalina and the Pacific. A few expensive Venetian glass pieces and Lalique collections graced the antique tables as well.
Throughout Swan’s home, she had large needlepoint rugs that complimented her floors and walls. The rug in the dining room was cream with a wide leopard border, while others were made with individual designs of soft colorful flowers that popped of red, magenta, yellow, and palm green.
From the floor to ceiling hung brightly colored vintage posters that covered the walls which were mixed-in with original pastels from Paris, Madrid, and Rome. Some watercolors captured the scenes from the cities and others were a reminder of the beautiful flower gardens and vineyards that were scattered about the European countryside. When Swan was sad, they would always help her escape to the wonderful thoughts of eating gelato with friends on the cobblestone streets of Rome, listening to music on the streets of Paris, and hearing the street vendors of Spain as they carried baskets of fish on their heads. All of the posters and pastels held special moments and memories; especially, the fountains and statues of Rome.
If Swan thought about it long enough, she could hear the rush of traffic as the citizens of Italy honked their horns from their little Smart cars or blared off on their motor scooters with their high heels and mini-skirts. She could almost taste the wine and smell the aroma of Italian pizzas. It was these little parts of Europe that were helping her cope with this difficult time in her life and adjust to a sightless future.
Swan turned on her sound system that played a relaxing Mozart. She then sat down on her soft butter cream suede couch with cheetah print pillows that had red-orange cording and beading, which complimented the soft cushy chairs on each side of the fireplace. She felt for a coaster on the Biedermeier end table to set her tea upon the tortoise shell look-a-like glass coffee table in front of her. She could only smell the multi-colored fresh bouquet of flowers that Maria, the maid, had placed in the center. 
As Swan snuggled her toes in a vintage skinned zebra rug that she had found in an obscure antique shop on the streets of New York, she found herself beginning to appreciate her surroundings more and more by developing a keen sense of her other senses. She could even picture the white alabaster fireplace that set opposite her and the large gold leaf framed mirror from Italy that hung above it. She could see the leopard chair, which sat Cleopatra, her white Persian cat, grooming her long fluffy fur. She began to sip her English tea and it wasn’t long before Cleopatra joined her on the couch seeking attention from the mistress of the house.
Lost in thought, Swan began to plan for her future. Money was not a problem as she had invested large hunks of money from her modeling with a very savvy financial adviser. He had secured her for the present and for the future with his wise investments and retirement plan. He had insisted that she pay cash for her fabulous apartment. He gambled that the interest rates and housing would go up. Little did they know that property value on the east and west coast would triple in value within the next two years and that it would be a lucrative decision for her. She would still be able to continue her life style and hire a housekeeper and cook full time.
A small apartment was at the back of Swan’s condo. It was on the opposite side of her bedroom for her housekeeper, Maria, who was recently widowed. This living arrangement would allow Maria to have a rent-free dwelling of her own and not have to worry about ever living with her children. It was a workable arrangement for the mistress and the maid. It was a comfort to both of them to know that someone was nearby that seemed to care.

CHAPTER 22

The first thing that Swan did the next morning was make an appointment with her internist. Disregarding an occasional headache and total blindness, she just had not been feeling like herself for the past month. She seemed extra tired and a little like she had a virus.
Swan had taken a taxi to the office of internal medicine. On their way to the medical building, the taxi passed several tourists, locals, including a man jogging with his happy Doberman heading for the beach. After paying the taxi driver from bills folded a certain way to indicate the denomination, Swan made her way to the office of the medical building.
Climbing the steps into the large five-story building, Swan was feeling rather proud of having found the elevator. She felt for the button that went to the third floor. She used her white cane to get herself to the reception desk and announce her presence to the office clerk. Having found the nearest chair, she sat down.
Even though Swan wore her designer sunglasses she could feel the rude stares of other patients---funny how she was even aware when the novelty of a blind person in their presence wore off and they looked away engrossing themselves in a People or Entertainment magazine. It wasn’t long before the nurse called her name, guided her to a room at the back, gave her a medical gown, made sure she was comfortable, and shut the door behind her.
Swan could hear the quiet murmur of voices in the next room. If she didn’t breathe she could almost make out what was being said. A few minutes later a door shut quietly and footsteps approached her door. The doctor made a ten second read of the file that was placed outside the examining room and entered with a quiet knock.
Doctor Maggie was always very considerate and thoughtful. It was easy to have a good relationship with her. She understood the white coat syndrome and always tried to make her patients feel as comfortable as possible. Today was no different. Swan had been going to her for a very long time.
Taking Swan’s hand for reassurance, Dr. Maggie expressed her sadness of the accident and then moved on to her professional self. Having told the doctor her symptoms of lethargy and nausea, Swan expressed her concern that the concussion was affecting more than her sight. The doctor listened to her vital signs and felt her tummy. She then ordered a blood and urine test to be rushed to the lab. She was soon finished and told Swan to get dressed and meet her in her office. When Swan was ready, a nurse appeared to guide her down the hall and into an office leather chair.
It was a while later before a shocked Swan left the medical facility. With the name of an obstetrician in one hand, she slowly made her way down the handicap ramp. She was trying not to go into shock as she moved along like an old woman putting one foot down in front of the other in a very mechanical gait. She felt that the unbelievable had happened and she was having a hard time getting her mind around the grim fact. Ace apparently had a very potent sperm count and she was three months pregnant. She would be a mother by fall.

CHAPTER 23

Slater needed some R&R at his working Malibu ranch north of LA. He fired up his twin-engine private plane and headed for his Yucca Point Ranch near the small coastal city of Malibu with his Doberman companion, Caesar. He landed on his private runway just in time to see the lavender and magenta sunset crisscross the rolling Pacific.
The first residence of this small unique California town was the Chumash Indians in the 1500’s. They lived up and down the sleepy shore from Malibu to San Luis Obispo in their dome-shaped grass huts. These Indians were fabulous craftsmen famous for the canoes they made using shells and flints. They were fishermen as well. They liked to traveled as far as Santa Catalina to trade with the Indians on the island for steatite, a form of soapstone, which they made bowls lined with the colorful shell of the abalone. They were considered one of the most advanced of the California Indians.
The modern town of Malibu is quite quaint with only approximately thirteen thousand residences that reside there year around on very rich real estate. It sets on the Pacific Coast Highway that winds through hilly terrain and gives a constant view of the Pacific Ocean with its lumbering tides and sandy beaches. The twenty-three miles of rugged coastline, deep canyons, green mountains, and quiet coves made it perfect place for Slater’s ranch that had been tucked away in the quiet mountains for a couple of centuries.
The ranch was originally the property of a powerful Spanish Don. It was built in the early 1800’s about 200 years ago. Battles were fought and won as they finally forced the Chumash Indians off their land and claimed it as their own. It was a spectacular one and half-story-high home of mortar with a slate tile roof. The walls were a foot thick that gave protection from the elements and Indians. It was naturally cool in the summer and warm in the winter. It was built in a square around an elaborate ebony polished marble fountain surround by native lavender Jacaranda flowering trees and lush tropical landscaping. The fountain was originally the water well that provided the hacienda with cool water for the original household. It meant that with enough supplies, the occupants could hold up inside the hacienda indefinitely. The inside walls of every room were glass and overlooked the beautiful flowering garden. But, the outside walls had high walls and windows that only had slits that were used for rifle slots when it was needed to protect the small fort and also provided ventilation for cool ocean breezes. Large stone fireplaces adorned most of the twelve rooms and took the chill from the purple mountains in the winter that looked down upon the quiet ranch from a short distance away.
Slater’s spectacular spread included over two hundred acres of prime seaside land, a winding trout creek with native trees and mountains nearby with deep canyons. Yucca plants covered the lumpy terrain. Along the rugged and rocky ocean beach were remote damp caves that often were the home for stolen riches of pirates and smugglers as history likes to portray. It was a beautiful and serene estate. It was also one of the most valuable pieces of real estate property in the United States.
The inside room of the ranch had long since been modernized, but the charm of the eighteenth century was preserved and remained the stately structure of the original ranch house. Pinewood graced the walls, banisters, and ceiling giving it a mountain lodge feel. It was sturdy and held together with pegs instead of nails.
The floor of the hacienda was the Mexican tile similar to what is used today. A rustic Ralph Lauren look with woven Navajo rugs graced the shiny floors and Pendleton blankets covered chairs, ottomans, and pillows.
Two large couches that were covered in brown and white cowhide faced each other in front of a sixteen point elk head that hung above the native stone fireplace. Black pottery from Santa Clara held fresh colorful wild flowers on the pine and glass coffee table between them. Authentic Hopi coiled Indian pottery accented mantels and shelves. Many of their designs were of fine and diverse pottery that depicted the heritage and traditions of their own particular tribe. Original art of Georgia O’Keefe, RC Gorman, and Caroline Gregg also lined the walls and halls of this grand old ranch making it rich in American Indian culture. A chandelier made of deer antlers mixed-in with handmade silver and a touch of turquoise hung from the high ceiling entrée way in the hall. A handmade silver saddle was on a stand in the corner. An original rifle with fancy silver tooling on the shoulder butt was in a glass case above an armoire filled with expensive museum quality pottery. Subtle modern lighting was strategically placed to show off each exquisite artwork of our American Indians and give tribute to their artistic talent. It was expensive casual decorating that complimented this ancient ranch and suited the master of the house.
It was late when Slater climbed into his king-sized handmade natural pine bed. It had simple lines with some carving on the headboard and bedposts. A wool Pendleton blanket in brown, red, and dark turquoise Indian design covered the bed with large pillows in turquoise and brown striped woven wool. An original massive antique pine dresser faced the bed. A large pine antique mirror hung over it. An armoire stood at an angle in the corner.
As Slater slid between the soft cotton sheets, he was soon lulled asleep by the serenading coyotes hiding in the surrounding canyons. Their tune was the same tune that they had sung to other Dons for over 200 hundred years as they howled the inhabitants into a deep slumber on this particular ranch. As deep darkness descended, the wild critters took cover for the night and birds found their perch on nearby trees while night creatures began to stir. The only one that seemed effected and restless by the enveloping sounds was Caesar. His ears twitched with the call of the wild from his undomesticated ancestors as they beckoned for him to join them in the serene and mystic hills.
Cattle were raised on Slater’s ranch. They were taken care of by the foreman, Jacob, who lived in a small house near the old main hacienda. He was an old and trusted friend of Mexican descent. Slater had met him many years ago when he was fifteen and worked a cattle ranch with him near San Diego. He was his mentor and sometimes advisor when he was very young. His wife, Juanita, had been a mother hen to him when he needed it most. They made his young adult years a little more tolerable. They were Slater’s family and he would do anything for them.
Jacob was given over one hundred head of Angus cattle by Slater to raise and earn a living. For that job, he was to keep an eye on the main hacienda, keep Slater’s freezer stocked with steak, and provide his wife as a cook and housekeeper whenever Slater was at the ranch. It made Jacob proud to be the owner and foreman of this small dynasty of cattle that he could call his own. It was a comfortable, but simple life. It was an arrangement that suited all concerned. The only problem Jacob faced was the occasional cougar that wondered down from the hills looking for cattle, upon which to prey for their evening meal. Tracking them and eliminating them was an easy task for an old hunter like Jacob. It wasn’t long before they became a rug in front of his fireplace.

CHAPTER 24

Swan awoke to a cool ocean breeze blowing in from the balcony doors. She could almost taste the salty sea air. Seagulls squawked in the distance as they skimmed over the water looking for fish. Roller blades could be heard nearby as young yuppies rolled out their daily routine of exercise. They were all reassuring and familiar sounds that surrounded her. She lay there for a while listening and hoping that this would be the day that she would see them with her very own turquoise eyes, but it was not to be. She choked back the nausea as she lay still waiting for her stomach to settle. Reaching for a saltine, she munched on the cracker that she kept on the nearby table beside her bed. So far, she had had an easy pregnancy. If she would continue to work with her personal trainer and walk daily, she would probably have a normal easy delivery. She was young and healthy, which would certainly tip the scales in her favor.
Swan was now four months pregnant and after some adjustment, she was excited about becoming a mother. Today, she could feel the slight tickle like butterfly wings in her tummy that signified life. Running her hand over her little mound, she smiled. She would have a baby boy in early fall. She could not help , but wonder if he would look like his father or her own neither of which she had ever seen. It didn’t matter. She would love him fiercely and he would be her very own. 
If Swan had known how to contact Ace, she would have done so. The privacy act kept most people from invading the files of Americans and so it left her at a dead end; especially, when she did not even have his real name. It seemed to be an impossible dream. Perhaps, someday fate would intervene and he would be part of her life and their son. She knew that she was dreaming fairytales, but it assisted her in getting through the day. It helped that she could very distinctly remember his gentle touch as he orchestrated their lovemaking and how he was inclined to take charge until they both were glowing in happiness.
Swan suspected that Ace always was in control of his own life making it twist and turn to his satisfaction. She could picture him putting square pegs in a round hole and succeeding. Perhaps, it is just as well that he didn’t know about their love child. But, she would like to imagine him flashing those deep dimples and enthusiastically greeting the prospect of fatherhood, but in reality, he probably would not be a happy camper. After all, what did she know about him, but very little? He was outdoorsy with skills that probably came from working on his ranch that was located somewhere far from Los Angeles. She had to remember that she and her son would never be a part of the world that he had created for himself. She really could not predict ever seeing him again and she knew she wouldn’t be able to recognize him if she did. The only thing that she had figured out was a little about Slater’s physical build. She knew he was taller than she. As they had lain together stretched out from head to toe, he had put his chin on top of her head and still his feet had dangled below hers. He was physically fit. His six-pack tummy was as solid and bumpy as cobblestone. His arms were strong and muscular. Let’s face it, he was really, really buff. He was confidant and a “take charge” sexy guy. It was obvious that he had determination, toughness, and a fierceness for survival. Yet, he could be tender and soothing. His voice was deep and gentle. He had saved her life and given her life. For that, she would be eternally grateful.

CHAPTER 25

Slater walked down to his Malibu barn enjoying the early morning sunrise against the violet mountains and colorful dessert flowers. The original hacienda barn had burned to the ground over a hundred years ago. It was just as well as it would have been too antiquated to be of any use to a modern rancher.
The smell of fresh hay greeted Slater’s nose as he pulled the sliding doors back from the frame letting in the morning sunlight.  Bales of hay were stacked in the corner close to the stalls. He could hear the stirring of pony hoofs as they reacted in anticipation of a breakfast of hay and oats. The five stalls were for Slater’s small herd of working ponies when they weren’t out roaming Yucca Point. Occasionally, the barn stalls were also used for birthing animals that were sick or injured. Slater had participated in his share of both tasks when it was necessary. Today, they were full to keep the horses safe from another possible cat on the prowl.
A cowpoke room with a double bed upon which Juanita kept fresh cotton sheets and a wool blanket was at the front of the barn.  Connected to the bedroom was a large granite shower with a Mexican tile floor. The bedroom had shiny pine floors and a shelf of paperback books above the window on the west. A large floor to ceiling window on the south let in the sunshine and the ocean breeze. It was practical and simple. It was only used when needed for a cowhand that was looking for a place to stay during the branding season.
Slater headed for the tack room. He grabbed a nearby saddle, blanket, and bridle that hung on the wall with lots of other ranching gear. It wasn’t a fancy room, but it contained the necessity of ranching, which included a glass medical cabinet that contained any equipment or medicine that might possibly be used in daily life or in an emergency for human and animal.
Slater walked over to the stall of his fast and sturdy pinto. She was chosen for her intelligence and endurance. The ancestors of this little pinto had been introduced to new America around 1519 by the Spanish. The Native Americans stole and bred them as they were highly prized for their hardiness, color, and astuteness. Slater liked them for the same reasons.
Slater threw the old saddle blanket over the pinto mare’s back. He then pulled and tugged the saddle strap until he was satisfied with the degree of tightness. Sticking his cell phone in his back pocket, his titanium Mark XIX magnum in the other, and a high-powered rifle in the holder next to the saddle horn, he mounted Origami. The different puzzle shapes on her horsehide seemed to make this an appropriate name for his little pinto.
Slater was looking forward to an exhilarating run on the beach with this stout little mare and so was Origami. Caesar sat nearby and whined his impatience. The palomino in the next stall whinnied his disappointment at not being the chosen one, but soon settled down after Slater gave him a handful of oats.
As Slater mounted Origami, she began pulling at the reins and dancing. “Easy, girl,” he gently whispered. “We’ll soon be riding the wind.”
Taking Origami out the door of the barn, Slater mounted her. Carefully, guiding her through the yucca plants and over the bumpy terrain of native grass and cactus flowers, he headed for the flat plain of the beach. True to his word, Origami and Slater were soon riding as one through the ocean mist as they pounded the sand at a full gallop with Caesar racing along beside them. It was a fast and hard ride for both man and beast. At times, it was difficult to tell the difference.
Finally, the exercise for man and beast was exhausted and it was time to get down to business. Something had been killing Jacob’s cattle. Slater was out to find the culprit and put a stop to it. After the steady ride that seemed to satisfy his little pinto, he began wondering in and out among the hills with Caesar following and chasing nearby rabbits. 
It was nearly two hours before Slater picked up a trail of footprints. It was a cat all right--a big one! He felt a little off center as though things didn’t seem to add up, but the evidence was right there in front of him. Mountain lions were elusive creatures and this one was no exception. He followed the trail for another hour and then the morning mist turned to heavy fog quite suddenly. Unable to continue, Slater turned the pinto around and began to retrace his tracks back home.
Origami had been extra nervous all morning. That was to be expected the minute she got a cat whiff, but as they started back down the trail she was beginning to be exceptional difficult to handle. He let up on the reins a little, looked around and listened. Out of the blind fog, a roaring cat appeared. Fortunately, Origami spooked to the right quickly enough to evade a capture, but not far enough to escape a swipe from extended lethal claws. All Slater saw was a blur of golden fur. Then, it disappeared like a ghost and just as quickly dissolved into the thick cloudy cover. Slater drew his rifle and fired, but the fog was too dense to get a clear target before it was gone. This was not an ordinary mountain lion. It was rare that they were confident and cunning enough to become the hunter rather than the hunted as most wild creatures were instinctively afraid of man. 
Slater jumped off a trembling Origami and tried to calm her down. She had a big gash in her hindquarters. Blood was running down her wobbly leg. It didn’t appear to have gone deep enough to have injured any muscle. The trauma, however, was making her extremely difficult. They needed to get out of there before the cat circled around and attacked again. Fresh blood just might be all the encouragement it needed. With much coaxing, Origami finally obeyed his soothing command. She remained steady as Slater remounted her and returned home, which was just over the next hill.
After attending to the traumatized Origami’s superficial wound and giving her a good rubdown, Slater secured the barn door. He then went inside, poured himself a cup of coffee, and waited for the fog to clear.
By noon, Slater was on his palomino and retracing the cat trail before it went cold. The palomino was a little jumpy, but soon relaxed with a little bit of encouragement from Slater. This time he brought his binoculars. He climbed a rocky hill and inched out on a ledge with his Apache crawl of his ancestors. From his vantage point on the high edge of the rocky shelf, he could see for great distances. He lay there for about an hour before he was rewarded with some movement at the east end of the pasture.
The cat was moving in a low slow stalk, while he focused on an unassuming doe grazing in an open meadow. He had probably been laying low in the grass for some time--waiting and watching. Because of his golden color, he blended into his surroundings. Slater watched in stunned fascination as the king of the jungle, an AFRICAN male lion attacked and killed his prey. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing! There was no doubt that this was a full-blooded adult male lion with a large fluffy mane circling his head. Slater followed his every movement as his lethal teeth showed their fierceness and tore apart the prey that he held with his deadly claws.
Slater realized that he must be watching Frazer who according to an old news headline had escaped from the San Diego zoo some months earlier. He had managed to avoid capture probably because the hunters had assumed he had gone south to the warm climate of Mexico instead of north to Malibu. He might even have disappeared into the hills of Las Vegas before heading back to the coastline.
Slater pulled out his cell and contacted the appropriate authorities. He watched Frazer while he was absorbed in his feeding frenzy. He was fascinated with the King of the Jungle that seemed to be in his element. Frazier would probably remain where he was until he was well satisfied with his comfort food. That would give the county animal control enough time to get a tranquilizing gun and hightail it to Frazier’s dinner table. A couple of hours later, he was captured, ending his happy sabbatical. He was lifted by helicopter back to his fenced-in domain in San Diego and a pride of females that seemed excited to see him.

CHAPTER 26

Swan was getting close to delivery time. In fact, she was about a week late according to the doctor. She had just returned to her condo from a walk on the beach. It had felt good to feel the warm sand between her toes and listen to the sounds of children playing in the surf. It made everything seem normal. She smiled when she felt Quinn kick and move his elbow across her tummy. She was just getting into the refrigerator for a glass of orange juice when her water broke followed by a sharp cramp. As it is with most pregnancies, it was at a totally unexpected moment. Carefully, tiptoeing around the slippery liquid, she called for Maria.
Kat came over immediately and drove Swan to the hospital. Kat was extremely concerned for her friend as she moaned with each sharp pain. She was more than grateful when she finally pulled up to the emergency entrance and found a nurse to guide Swan into a wheel chair and take over from there. Two hours later after a difficult labor, Swan birthed a healthy baby boy with fuzzy black hair and very loud lungs.
Swan had fallen asleep soon after the birth of her son. Now, she was wide awake and lay in the hospital bed smiling. She knew exactly what her baby boy looked like. She didn’t know how she knew, she just did. She heard a little noise next to her. She turned her head and opened her eyes. A little person was looking directly at her. He immediately, scrunched up his face and began to howl. She was fascinated with the antics that he was performing and even more so with her own as she watched her hand travel out to pick him up and soothe him.
The nurse soon appeared at the doorway with some nourishment and Swan’s new baby boy began to calm down. There was so much activity that it wasn’t until the nurse shut the door that Swan realized a double miracle had happened. The trauma (just as the doctors had predicted) of a breech birth and the intense desire of a mother to see her first born had probably been instrumental aids in restoring her eyesight back to happy normal.

CHAPTER 27

Almost four years had passed since the disastrous airline crash on the mountaintop in the Rockies. Slater had managed to tuck the memory of Swan at the back of his brain and rarely gave her a thought.
It was late August and Slater had just sat down to have lunch with some businessmen at a popular Newport restaurant when this familiar saucy redhead walked into the Italian eatery. He felt as though he had just been polar-axed deep in the belly. Swan looked directly at him and sashayed right past as though he were some lowly peasant. He watched with narrowed eyes as she sat down and began to READ the menu. That just about sent him over the edge with fury. As unreasonable as it was, it really irritated him that she was no longer visually impaired. Slater’s befuddled emotions begun to churn out of control before he realized that Swan had never seen him although it was quite obvious that she had regained her eyesight. He suddenly realized that he had the advantage of knowing her, and not vice versa. He was not averse to using that knowledge to his advantage.
Swan’s napkin floated from her lap to the floor shortly after she sat down. Slater saw a perfect opportunity that he could not pass up. He graciously excused himself from his table on the pretense of heading for the gentleman’s room. Masking himself with masculine charm, he leaned down to pick up the fallen napkin.
“I believe you dropped this.”
Swan gave him a cool blank glance, “Thank you.”
Then, she dismissed him with the turn of her shoulder. That was it! No hint of recognition! Nothing!
For Swan, she was more upset by the handsome gentleman than she was outwardly showing. She was disturbed by the intensity of the piercing blue eyes of this stranger’s gaze that seemed to reach into her soul and beyond. He made her insides quiver and she immediately closed any more of a view of him by totally turning her back.
     Still boiling with rage, Slater returned to his table. Excusing himself, he indicated that an emergency had developed and he was needed at the office.
Sitting in his Jag and trying to settle down with a smoke, Slater watched the doorway where Swan would eventually have to emerge from the restaurant. An hour later, he was reward for his patience. He followed her every move with angry eyes as she slipped those long lanky legs that he remembered so well into her silver Mercedes. He felt a bit like a stalker as he watched her pull from her parking place and steer her vehicle onto Pacific Coast Highway, but it bothered his conscience--not.
Five minutes later, Slater followed Swan as she was turning into a posh condo overlooking the Pacific. An address was all that was needed to hack into the computer and get the information that he wanted. Returning to his office, it wasn’t long before he had a complete dossier on her history. From there, he planned their reunion.

CHAPTER 28

It was really quite simple to arrange a meeting with Swan. After finding out that she had a business of interior design, Slater’s secretary called for a consultation. Within twenty-four hours, Swan came through the office door and was entering his space on his turf.
Anticipating her arrival, Slater willed his body not to react. Safeguarding his thoughts, he stood, as society would dictate when Swan emerged through his office door. Without so much as a flicker of an eyelash in recognition, he put on a poker face. Soberly, he took the hand offered to him that to his relief was denuded of any wedding ring. It was soft and well-manicured as he knew it would be.
Swan wore peek-a-boo red shoes with scarlet toenails that matched her delicate red fingertips. She was dressed in a professional navy pinstripe suit appropriate for a business interview. Under her jacket she hid her soft lush breasts with a creamy silk blouse that clung and gave only a hint of cleavage. Around her neck was a string of pearls. On the tips of each earlobe was a single drop of pearl.--Slater wondered hostilely if a lover had given them to her.---Her glorious red hair was pulled back in a severe, but chic low ponytail making her eyes look powerfully large. She was elegantly, but professionally dressed. Her demeanor let him know that she was ready to do business.
Baby blues and aqua blues met, clashed, and challenged. Her eyes dared him to let his rove again. Because he was perceptive enough to know it would annoy her and for the pure pleasure of it, his glance swept down again to her naked knees and back up to her unflinching direct stare.
Swan was no novice to the attention of men. They always seemed startled when they first met her. They all tried to subtly glance here and there, but Mr. Slater was not subtle. She was like a package that they all wanted to unwrap and see what was underneath. This man, however, looked at her as though he already knew what she looked like without her clothing. Best to cut right to the chase and get him focused on business.
Slater knew without a doubt that this was not the same helpless woman that he had encountered in the frozen tundra of the Rocky Mountains. This was a confident woman---a woman of quality and sustenance. She would be a challenge and he was totally game. He would not be the same star struck guy on the mountaintop. This time, he would make the rules. Their relationship would end only when he was ready. He did not doubt for one minute that he would have her again.
Swan had come with a portfolio of fabric swatches, paint samples, and drawings. Slater was impressed with her professional skills, but heard little of what she had to say. He was curious as to why she wasn’t still modeling. Had she stopped all together?  Perhaps she had needed a diversion. She looked much healthier, happier, and perhaps a little curvier than the last time he had seen her.
Slater narrowed his eyes, irked at the thought that Swan’s glow might be due to a live-in lover. He certainly intended to find out! All he could manage to twist out of her, however, was that she had a two-year-old son that sure as hell wasn’t his! It didn’t take much math to figure out that a son of his would have been three by now!
Swan left Mr. Slater’s office thinking what a dreadful interview that had been. She felt that she had been grilled right down to her crimson toenails. She wasn’t about to give Mr. Slater any more insight into her personal life than he needed, but he did need to know that she had a son that went to preschool. She would not be working on Tuesday and Thursday when he was home. When he had asked how old her son was, she had given him the honest answer of two. She didn’t feel that it was any of his business that Quinn would be three in the next six weeks. So, she was surprised when the phone rang the next morning and that Mr. Slater wanted her to begin decorating this week. The next day she began.
Swan tried to avoid Mr. Slater whenever possible, which was rarely. She had been decorating for over two weeks. He always seemed to manage to be in the way giving his opinion at every opportunity. He was the client and it was his money, but somehow, it seemed more than just wanting to be involved with the decisions.
Today, Swan was up on a ladder hanging a picture when Slater walked into the room. Her ass was at eye level. It gave himself a moment to enjoy her sculptured behind and remember how the two cheeks had felt in each hand. He was itching to test them again.
“Move slowly,” he reminded himself, “she spooks easily and it would be just like her to remove herself in a dash from his tentative presence and cancel their contract.” 
Slater leaned against the door jam with one hand in his pant pocket and enjoyed the menu before him. When Swan noticed him, she began a shaky careful decent down the ladder. He took two giant steps to hold it steady and to get a scent of her perfume that had been driving him crazy for days. He could only imagine her dabbing it behind her ears, over her breasts, and between her thighs. As he was about to flash his dimpled grin, Bear chose that unfortunate moment to stick his head in the partially opened office door.
“Hey, Ace---Well, look here. You two finally found each other.”
The two people glanced across the room at Bear before swiveling back to each other. Eyes locked. Swan’s face had turned a pasty white.  No denial from Mr. Slater was forthcoming. Suddenly, the “splat” of a hand across Slater’s cheek resonated against all four walls before it floated out the open door on the balcony breeze. He knew he deserved the slap or there would have been no way in hell that she would have gotten away with that whack!
“You bastard!”
“Un oh,” Bear muttered as he removed himself from the pandemonium that he had innocently created and quietly slipped unnoticed out the door, which he had come.
The drama unfolding in the small office space was rapidly growing out of control. Slater never liked out of control situations. He yanked Swan against his chest, which he had been itching to do ever since she had walked into the Newport restaurant. Now, he was delighted to have a good excuse to do so. With arms and legs kicking and scratching, Slater quickly pinned Swan on the floor of the office Persian rug, threw one leg over hers, and held her two arms above her head. When the fury of a scorned woman seemed to have subsided and only the heavy breathing of spent anger could be heard, Slater raised his head. Two tears were trickling down from the corner of each of Swan’s spiky eyelashes.
“Oh, hell!” In one fluid scoop, he picked Swan up and sat her on his lap on the office couch. She was limp like a rag doll. He liked the other Swan better. He understood anger, even hatred, but this quiet, not talking, not reacting woman, was beyond his comprehension. Never one to lose a battle, he began talking to her in soothing tones and rubbing her arms up and down. “It’s all right, Babe,” he cooed.
Something must have clicked as suddenly Swan leaped off Slater’s lap in a flash and sprung for the door. He reacted just as quickly and slammed his body against the heavy frame, locking the door as he did so.
Swan started backing up and pointing a finger at him, “You stay away from me!”
Slater had lost all reasoning by that time and his brain was no longer on top of his head. Her cute little butt wiggling on his lap had reminded him of how much he wanted her again and he was not about to let this opportunity slip through his fingers.
As Swan continued to retreat, Slater began stocking her with giant steps. When Swan’s buttock hit the wall behind her, she began scooting sideways toward the balcony. There was no way that Slater was going to let her get anywhere near the four story open space in her frame of mind. He heaved his body against her delicate frame with just enough pressure to detain her. As he asserted himself closer, she began to realize what a sexual state he was in and she would have none of him. She shoved and pushed, but it was like a gnat trying to move a boulder. She finally slumped against his shoulder in exhaustion. He gathered her in his arms once more and lay down with her on the large couch. He began to nuzzle her neck until he felt a slight response.
This time Swan stiff-armed his shoulder to create a space, pinned him with her flashing aqua blue eyes, and asked the unanswered question that stood between them,
“Why?”
Slater weighed his answer as he sensed that the words he used might be the most important words of his life if he wanted any kind of relationship with this woman. He decided to shoot straight and give her an honest answer; “I was angry and hurt when you walked out of my life. You never bothered to contact me. You left me high and dry….” He put the ball back in her court, “I might ask you the same question, why?!!”
She silently nodded as though she understood. Her only answer was, “It’s getting late and I need to go,” which wasn’t an answer at all.
Slater slowly sat up and ran his fingers through his coal black hair in agitation. Swan sat up as well and hooked her toe in the right leopard shoe that had fallen off in their struggle. She then stood. He watched her trembling fingers tuck in her light tan colored designer blouse and adjust her brown tweed skirt whose zipper had moved from her side to the front. The slit in her skirt had moved to the middle as well, giving him a glimpse of the inside milky thighs that he would not get between for a while longer. It was a depressing thought.
Swan touched her earlobes. She was missing one of her gold hoops. Misty eyed and in a quivery voice she said, “I can’t find my other earring.”
Slater, only too grateful to divert his attention to playing the game “Find the Earring” began searching in earnest. He finally found it under the couch where it must have fallen during their scuffle. He watched as she slightly tilted her head and treaded it through her pierced ear. It seemed like a very personal thing as though she were just putting on her finishing touch of dressing after their lovemaking.
Gruffly, Slater said, “I’ll walk you to your car.” That was not a question, it was a statement.
Slater took Swan’s arm and proceeded to guide her to the elevator past the wide eyed receptionist that was more than a little curious about the commotion that had been coming from Mr. Slater’s office. They stood in pregnant silence as the box that enclosed them plunged to the first floor and they stepped out the door. No words were spoken as they walked the short distance to her luxury Mercedes. As he helped her into the driver’s side, she looked up with hollow sober eyes and said, “We need to talk.”
Slater only indicated he agreed with a sharp nod as he thought, “You’ve got that right!” As she pulled out of the parking lot, he made a mental note of her license tag number---just in case she decided to pull a Houdini.

CHAPTER 29

The next day was Saturday. It was the middle of the morning when Swan’s phone rang. When she looked at the caller ID and saw that it was Slater, she was a little perturbed as she wasn’t sure that she was ready to spill her story. So, when she answered the phone, she answered with an annoyed tone, “How did you get this number? It’s unlisted!”
Not a good omen, thought Slater. “Does it matter?” he snapped with the same nasty tone.
As silence followed their verbal encounter, Slater finally gave an inch and said that he had gotten it off the application that she had filled out with references. It was not a exactly a great beginning. The whole conversation had the makings of going downhill really rapidly.
“Look,” Slater said as he swiped his forehead in frustration, “how ‘bout I pick you up for coffee at Starbucks?” The pause that followed more than aggravated him. He was used to his women enthusiastically greeting any invitation he chose to toss out at them before he could hardly complete a sentence. But then again, Swan was the exception from the very beginning.
Swan on the other hand was rubbing her temples trying to figure out a way to avoid the inevitable meeting of father and son. She signed, “I’ll meet you at the Newport Starbucks on Coast Highway in thirty minutes.”
Slater looked at his watch, “I’ll be waiting.”
Slater had been tapping an agitated foot for fifteen minutes. Swan was late. “She had better show,” he muttered to himself, “or he was going to her apartment and drag her down to the coffee shop caveman style if that is what it took to gain her attention.”
By the time Swan appeared, Slater was in a full-blown grumpy mood. So, he said the first thing that came to his mind, which was, “You’re late!”
To which Swan snapped, “I don’t like your shirt!”(It was flowered Hawaiian)--- and the war began.
As they stared daggers at each other, Swan wanted to scream, “I was late, because YOUR son was having a meltdown!”
The waiter interrupted their private battle of private thoughts. The atmosphere had turned rather frosty and even a warm cup of coffee was having little effect on the two individuals that had both felt betrayed by the other. It was a very strained silence as they each struggled to compose themselves. Neither was ready to discuss or expose the wounds they carried. 
Slater broke the tense silence first, “I saw you on the cover of some magazine down at the news stand a few months back.” He wasn’t about to tell her that he knew exactly which magazine and that he had searched the stand weekly for any additional ones.
Curious, she asked, “Which lay out?”
“The one at the beach with some guy ---you looked like you were having a good time.”
Slater sounded a little annoyed. That amused Swan as she remembered the photo shot as being a gruelingly hot day. The sand was burning the soles of her feet and kept blowing in her face. The gay guy model was clumsy and on top of that had bad breath. He stepped on her toes several times. She was beginning to wonder if he were doing it deliberately. The photographer was a real “prick” and demanded several pictures over and over. It had not been a real pleasant shoot, but she was paid the big bucks to make it appear so. Apparently, the photo was convincing. She had forgotten that the beach photo had made the cover of Indigo Elite as she was blind at the time the magazine hit the news stand. To Slater, her small grin was a smug one. It was best he change the subject to something more generic before he gave his feelings away and went for her jugular.
Slater grabbed Swan‘s hand and yanked her to her feet, “Come on, let’s go walk the beach.”
The rolling ocean had a calming effect on both of them as they began to stroll along the wet sand. They had each taken the time to remove their sandals, which they carried in each hand. They walked in companionable silence both wondering where to begin.
Slater’s hawk eyes soon spotted dolphins that were wave jumping as they skimmed along the dark blue ocean. They seemed to be following the many surfers that tried to catch a breaker or two as the tide rolled in and out. They appeared to be having so much fun that Swan was sure she could see a smile on their faces.
Swan and Quinn often came down to the beach to watch the dolphins and sailboats. He loved to play in the sand. Together they would build sand castles, draw pictures, and pick up shells. She cocked her head to one side and wondered if Slater would enjoy building castles with their son as well. Would he tickle him, read to him, love him? She needed to tell him soon that he was a father---just not today.
A sand dollar washed up on the ocean beach. It was unusual not to be broken. Swan picked it up and put it in her pocket. She jumped over a dead jellyfish and continued to look for seashells to take home to Quinn. She soon became absorbed in her task and concentrated on finding the perfect shells for their collection.
As Slater observed this unusual complex woman, he contemplated her life since the plane accident and their fateful time together. He wondered about her lover and if she had married or loved him. He wondered what she had looked like pregnant and surprised himself by fantasizing that it had been his child. Had the father been there for the delivery? He didn’t like the thought of her going through something like that on her own. If it had been his child, nothing would have stood in the way of being there with her and seeing the life that they had made together for the first time. It might not be any of his business, but he intended to get some answers to his questions. 
The fragile truce kept each of them from firing away with unanswered questions and the morning soon passed quickly with only a little light tension left after a couple of hours. It was as though they had made a silent pact to wait for a more appropriate time when they were perhaps both in a more congenial mood. Right now, they seemed like oil and water, totally unmixable. Funny, how different circumstances have a way of making a near death situation so totally affable and a familiar routine situation completely volatile. Their relationship had not begun easily, and yet they had pulled together. Now, there seemed to be a deep crevice between them---only time would tell whether they would be able to bridge the gap of the chasm that had rapidly appeared between them and seemed to be looming over them like the dark clouds on the mountain top.
Slater just had to ask, “Are you free this evening?”
Swan pondered the question for a second and replied, “No.”
Just like that she was turning him down, no explanation, nothing!!
Swan had promised to take Quinn to a pizza parlor with kiddy rides and entertainment this evening. It was her quality time with her son. She wasn’t ready to share him with his father. Although she knew that time was coming, she needed to totally evaluate the entire situation for what would be best for their son. Would Slater make a power play for custody? The very thought made her shiver with terror. Somehow she did not believe that he would sit back and not be an active parental participant or take him from his mother. Nevertheless, he might decide to kidnap him and disappear to another world. He certainly had the capabilities, contacts, money, and power. The very thought of such a nightmare gave her a migraine headache as her imagination began running completely rampart. The doctor had told her to avoid any stress. Well, good luck with that one was her next thought.
Slater began to analyze the situation and his imagination also began to run awry. Just because she wasn’t married didn’t mean that she didn’t have a live-in lover. The very thought made him see blood red. He could just imagine her with someone else, those long silky legs wrapped around him, stroking him, pleasing him. That visual almost “flipped him out”!
Slater didn’t take any time to evaluate his feelings. Swan was his once and he intended to make her his again! He was the first one to have her and he would be the last! That was the plan and no way was he going to make a detour from that thought. He had led dangerous missions all over the world and had never failed. If this little powder puff of a delicious woman thought that she could out maneuver him, she would soon find out that she didn’t have a chance against his charm and tactics!
“I already know your address if that’s your concern,” he tossed the words at her as though they were a gantlet. She said nothing. “Do you have a lover?” he snapped.
“That is none of your business!” she quipped.
Slater grabbed Swan’s arm and whipped her around so that they stood toe to toe. “Well, I’ve got news for you, lady, I’m making it my business!”
Swan was not up for another disagreeable argument as her head was already throbbing. It was just easier to give in, “No, I don’t have a lover,” was her quiet reply.
Slater tried not to grin in triumph. She was an easy crack. He knew he could get the information from her that he wanted. After all, he was an experienced interrogator and even the most harden criminals would tell him their life story if asked properly.
Swan on the other hand, knew she needed to get home and take her medicine as her head was beginning to spin. It had been a long time since she had seen double, she thought. But, just before she fainted, she saw two, too many Slaters and then total heavenly darkness.
Slater was more than a little chagrined and alarmed over his callous grilling as Swan collapsed into his arms. He should have known that Swan’s health could remain somewhat fragile. As he had watched her rub her temples, he should have realized that it was a clue. He was trained to observe and evaluate all situations setting emotions aside. He only prayed that he had not endangered Swan’s health in any way as he knew that it would be his ultimate sin forever.

CHAPTER 30

A quick cell phone call to 911 soon had an ambulance arriving and then blaring its way through the coastal traffic onto the nearby hospital emergency entrance. Swan woke to the bright lights of a hospital room just as she had after the birth of Quinn. Relief at clear vision suddenly turned to anxiety as concern of her son’s welfare intruded. She needed to contact Maria and let her know what had happened. She needed to get home to Quinn. She weakly sat up and swung her lanky legs over the side of the bed trying to keep her head from swirling. She felt like she was going to pass out and quickly laid right back down.
Swan could hear Ace’s voice as he took complete charge and conversed with the doctor outside the room. It sounded like a familiar routine. The door was slightly ajar. Weakly, she called his name. She didn’t think that he could hear her, but he suddenly appeared at her side. She was visibly upset. She needed to talk to Maria, reassure Quinn, and go home and take her medicine. Slater informed her that he had taken care of everything. He had used her cell phone to call home and contact her housekeeper. Maria had informed him of her medication and assured him that she would take care of Quinn until Swan returned home from the hospital. Right now, she was to rest and remain in the hospital overnight for observation. She did not argue with him. The pass twenty-four hours with very little sleep and the demanding Ace was catching up. She had been given a relaxant and she soon resorted to dreamland.
The next morning, Swan awoke to the smell of yucky hospital food as a tray of it was being placed next to her bed.  Slater was standing nearby silently mouthing, “I’ve got bagels,” as he held up the Einstein sack.
Slater was delighted at the way Swan’s eyes lit up when they zeroed in on her favorite food. After the nurse left, they drank coffee and ate in companionable silence. It wasn’t long before a gray-haired doctor appeared in the doorway. After the nurse had taken her vital signs, he declared her fit as a fiddle and signed off on her release.
As the doctor sailed out the door, he said, “Just make sure you take it easy, MRS. Slater. We don’t want to see you in here again for anything else except babies.”
You could have heard a pin drop with the silence that followed as Swan’s eyebrows rose questionably at Slater. He shrugged his shoulder, “I’ve learned from the past that I have a lot more authority if I’m a husband.”
There wasn’t time to dwell on that comment as the dismissal staff along with the nurse entered the room. They shuffled Slater out into the hall while they helped Swan get dressed and stuff her in a wheel chair that Slater rolled to the exit ramp. 
Waiting at the entrance was Slater’s sleek black jaguar with the silver cat at the end of the hood eyeing their departure patiently and observing Slater gently lifting Swan into the passenger seat. He slid under the wheel and started the ignition as the glossy jag purred to life. It pulled away from the stately hospital and headed towards Swan’s condominium.
Pulling to the entrance of Swan’s condo, Slater clipped off orders to the doorman and helped Swan from the car seat. Taking her by the arm, he guided her into the posh entryway. There were five elevators for five condominiums. They each had their own separate private entry. It was a relative quiet place. Two people lived there year-around as did Swan. The others were phantom tenants that only occasionally visited their swanky summer homes.
The elevator swiftly took them directly to the top floor. It opened onto a marble foyer that faced double French doors. Off to the side was a private stairwell for safety that was kept locked from the outside at all times. Slater made a mental note to check that part of the building’s security.
Using the keypad next to the door, Swan unlocked the entrance to her home. As the doors swung open, a little body ran towards her with open arms. “Mommmmy,” screamed the delighted small child. Swan automatically squatted down to greet her only child with the same enthusiasm as he had shown her.
Watching the love between mother and son, made Slater have a slight pang of jealously at the connection between the two. His mother had certainly never been happy to see him and vice versa. Swan and her son seemed to have that special relationship that all children should experience, but all children are not quite so fortunate. Judging from the toys that were scattered around, he didn’t seem to lack for material things as well.
Hovering close by, was an elderly Spanish lady that seemed genuinely concerned about Swan. Assured that all was well now that his mother was home, Quinn soon began squirming in his mother’s arms. He wiggled to the cherry floor and zoomed off to ride his tiny tot toy car. Swan then walked over to Maria to give her a hug and thank her for taking care of Quinn. After introductions were made and Slater was not extended an invitation to stay any longer, he pulled Swan aside.
“If you are feeling up to it, I expect to see you on Monday morning in my office; also, if you have plans for next Saturday night, cancel them!” With those two demands, Slater left the condo shutting and securing the double French doors behind him.

CHAPTER 31

Monday morning came and Swan walked into Slater’s office. She was dressed in a plum pantsuit that made her hair take on the hue of a deep red sunset. It was parted in the middle and pulled back in a schoolteacher knot as though she were trying to look as unattractive as possible. It didn’t work. The suit matched the pale purple sunglasses that she had not bothered to remove. Jade earrings dangled from her earlobes. A jade bangle bracelet encircled her wrist. Plum shoes of a red and jade swirling design wrapped her trim ankles with a thin leather strap. With a Prada bag to match slung over her shoulder, she looked ready for business? War? Discussion? It was difficult to judge her mood with those damn sunglasses perched on the end of her nose.
     Slater assumed a relaxed position and leaned back in his leather chair. He put his hands behind his head and asked. “How do you feel?”
“Fine,” was her reply. 
“Take off your glasses.” 
Slater’s sudden demand made Swan jump as she felt like he had just asked her to undress and wondered what he would demand that she take off next! When she didn’t respond, he came around the desk, and removed the glasses himself. Putting his hand on her chin, he tilted her head up to him. He then scrutinized her eyes until he appeared satisfied.
Sitting on the edge of the desk and peering down at her, he pierced her with a direct a stare. She felt a little like a small mouse and that an eagle watching trying to decide her fate. She did not doubt that Slater had the capabilities to do with her whatever he chose and that was more than a little unnerving. When she was blind, she missed some of the power that he eluded. She thought about closing her eyes and cutting him off from her sight, but she knew that that would be cowardly. So, unflinchingly, she returned an unweaving gaze.
To Slater, she appeared poised and self-confidant. So much so, that he had the urge to rattle her cage a bit. He stuck her sunglasses in his pocket. There was no way that he was going to let her hide behind those purple lenses. Besides, the eyes are the windows to the soul and he intended to reach all the way to her center without any interference. So, let the courting begin.
Grabbing Swan’s hand, Slater pulled her to her feet. Not letting go of her soft extremity, he yanked her along behind him with her tugging all the way. To let go would have assumed that she would follow and he wasn’t taking any chances.
In an agitated voice she asked, “Where are we going?”
“Out!” was all the information that he divulged.
Slater told his office manager to cancel all calls for the day and continued walking briskly toward the front entrance pulling a reluctant Swan behind him. To her credit, she didn’t bat an eyelash as though dragging beautiful women through his office was a common day occurrence.
Throwing open the massive glass doors of his business firm he pulled Swan out into the bright sunlight. A slight sob behind him got his attention. Whipping his head around, he could see that Swan was stiff as a soldier with one hand covering her closed eyes. Slater immediately assessed the problem and guided her into a shady area.
“Oh hell, Babe--- I am so sorry,” he whisper softly into her ear as he drew her to him and tried to shield her body from the sunlight as he reached for those damn purple glasses.
A few minutes later, Slater had maneuvered Swan into a small French restaurant with soft lighting. Having ordered a trendy French wine and placed an order for both of them, Slater asked, “Have you taken your meds today?”
He was so demanding that it was on the tip of her tongue to clip back that she had not. But, at the risk of antagonizing him farther and causing another massive headache for her, she replied in the affirmative. At the same time, she thought that next time she would order her own damn lunch!
Searching her face, he appeared satisfied. Never one to beat around the bush, Slater did not mince words with his next question. “So, when did you get your sight back?”
“When” had been bugging Slater for some time. In his mind, it was settled. He expected her to say, “In the hospital at Breckenridge.” Why else would she have taken off without a word left behind for him? In his mind she owed him an explanation. What she did reply rather surprise him.
With an unwavering look, she answered his question, “During the birth of my son.” She could have said “our” son, but she chose not to do so.
“Was the father there?” he continued to grill. 
“No,” was the only answer forthcoming.
Slater’s emotions were churning. When he found out who the son of a bitch was that left this blind woman to work things out on her own, he was going to have a confrontation that would not be pretty. Swan was given a reprieve from elaborating as the waiter delivered their pasta at just that moment. She felt so relieved that she could have blown the waiter a kiss.
Just as Swan was feeling a little mellow from the French wine, Slater asked a rather personal question in spite of the fact that they once made love and made a child together. “What do you have on under that plum thing?”
Swan should have known that Slater would continue to keep her unbalanced with his method of questions. She suddenly had the urge to pull the lapels of her suit closer together, but resisted and only managed to squeak out, “Excuse me?”
“You heard me.”
“Underwear, what do you think women wear under their clothing. What do YOU have on under that black thing?”
Amused at her come back, he answered with, “Nothing.” He knew that that would shut her up as he watched her clamp her jaws closed.
Having paid the bill he stated, “You need to rest and relax this afternoon.”
Dragging Swan to a nearby swimsuit shop, Slater began snapping orders at the little young clerk. Swan stood stoically near the door wondering if she could make a mad dash from the store and disappear among the natives and tourists. He told her to stay put and she was just spunky enough not to do so. Sighing, she discarded the idea of fleeing knowing full well that he would find her and probably yank her all the way to his car. He knew exactly what he wanted in the swimsuit department and they were soon heading for the beach.
They walked along the boardwalk to the boat alcove behind the restaurant. The yachts, sailboats, and cigar speedboats were all lined up and parked in their individual slots. Slater headed for his medium sized sailboat. His sharp eyes flickered over what was probably a drug boat parked in the slip four docks down.  The double motors on the back were a dead give away for quick departures when needed. He made a mental note to alert the Coast Guard to get an ID, but their cargo had probably long ago been dispose of in the smarmy underworld of Los Angeles.
Slater’s sailboat was small enough that a crew was not needed and he could sail it by himself. It was his relaxation and recreation. He enjoyed the soft wind and quiet solitude when he needed to regroup. Sometimes he would take a date, but mostly he enjoyed the isolated sport by himself. Today, he needed to regroup and get away. The boat was a perfect place for Swan to spend the afternoon relaxing in the hazy sun of overcast clouds while he sailed out to sea.
Slater helped Swan into “The Mystic” and led her to a soft canvas seat.
“Sit,” he demanded.
Disgruntled, she asked, “Do you have a dog?”
“Yes, why?”
“Perhaps you could practice your commands on him,” she replied quite sweetly.
The corners of Slater’s mouth twitched as he pulled up the billowy sails, unwound the rope from the iron anvil, pulled up the anchor, riveted up the motor, and slowly began the voyage out to the placid Pacific. The ocean was calm and many boats dotted the horizon. Some were fishing, some were boating, but most were just enjoying the lovely fall day. Colorful hot air balloons filled the sky above as if they too knew that the weather was perfect for their outing. It was peaceful and quiet.
Slater handed Swan the swimsuit package. “Go below and put this on, I’ll adjust the seats so that you can lie in the sun while I sail the boat.”
Swan was getting a little uncomfortable in her plum suit and the prospect of resting on the chaise lounge in warm sunshine with a cool ocean breeze was very appealing. So, she did as ordered and told herself not to make a habit of it.
Below deck was a galley with a small stainless steel kitchen and a small cozy living space. One bedroom with a mini-shower was at the end of the boat. Swan went into the bedroom and shut the door where she began to change into the newly purchased bathing suit.
Pulling out the knot of hair at the base of her neck, Swan took a moment to fluff it. She then shook the small bathing suit out of the bag. It was a pretty skimpy bikini, but at least it was not a thong. Although she was used to being almost naked in her profession, she probably would not have chosen one quite so revealing to wear on an outing with a man; especially, Slater. It was black. It was much too small to be anything but very basic. The bottom covered her backside crack--- just barely, and the front was only an inch above her pubic hair. The top covered her nipples with small triangles, but the rest of her breasts were bare. At the bottom of the sack was a pair of very large sunglasses with dark red rims. How charming, she thought, the glasses are bigger than the swimsuit.
Swan entered the lower deck with a towel wrapped around her near naked body. In one hand she carried some suntan lotion and in the other a glass of ice tea. As she reached the chaise lounge, she let the towel float to the deck and began rubbing lotion all over her body very slowly and very thoroughly. First, she rubbed the slick liquid over her neck and down her arms. She then dropped the straps and spread it over her full globes and slowly under the small triangles. After she had covered the top of her body to her satisfaction, she began a descent downward over her belly button and onto her flat stomach in spite of having birthed a child. Then, with extreme slowness, she ran her finger under the edge of the bikini bottom before she continued down her long legs. She never glanced at Slater, but she knew he was watching. The show was his punishment for the choice of such a small bikini.
Slater was indeed watching. Swan’s traveling palms over her sexy body made his lower body region react in extreme pain. He had followed the entire journey that each palm and finger made and he was beginning to be very uncomfortable. He felt like he was watching a porn movie and he could not remove his hypnotic stare from the amazing performance. PERFORMANCE!!! His eyes narrowed, he suddenly realized that the little minx was totally enjoying the stir she knew she was creating. He suspected that her goal was to make him as uncomfortable as possible. She was successful. When they got a little farther out and away from prying eyes, paybacks would be in order.
Slater had been watching Swan snooze in the warm sun for over an hour. He knew that she wasn’t as well as she needed to be, but that didn’t keep him from fantasizing what he was going to do to her delectable body once they were a little farther out to sea where nosy eyes from other sailors would not be anywhere around. If she thought that she could tease and tempt without getting a reaction from him, she was sadly mistaken.
Having secured the anchor and turned off the engine, Slater descended the stairs to the lower deck. He changed earlier before they left into comfortable cutoffs and deck shoes. He remained shirtless as it made him more comfortable and free. It showed off his muscular tan torso and upper body. His back muscles rippled with each activity that he was doing. He had a bumpy tummy with a dusting of black chest hair that narrowed past his waist; then, continued in a straight line past the waistband of his shorts. He had well formed legs and a cute muscular butt to go with all the above. None of which Swan had missed.
Swan had turned over on her stomach a few minutes ago and had quickly fallen to sleep again with the rocking of the boat. She was startled when Slater sat down beside her, leaned over, and whispered in her ear, “You missed a spot,” as he began rubbing lotion on the top of her shoulders.
Unhooking the tie of her bikini and getting no objection, Slater proceeded down Swan’s back to her buttock. Dipping his finger under the edge of her swimsuit, he ran his fingers along it as he had watched her do earlier. When his fingers touched the crease between her cheeks, she gasped and flipped over holding the top triangles in one hand in place. Their eyes locked.
Expecting some sort of indignation, he was surprised to hear her say, “I think the weather has change.”
Sure enough, Slater looked up at the clouds. They were ominous, black, and billowing. Slater swore. A storm was due soon, perhaps in the next fifteen minutes or so. It was never smart to get caught out on the ocean during a storm. It had come up suddenly and unexpectantly, but it was irresponsible of him to have gotten distracted from the gathering of the dark clouds by Swan’s siren body. He chastised himself as he realized that he had not called in for a weather report. The wind quickly picked up and blew over Swan’s glass of tea. The waves were beginning to look foamy and thanks to thinking with his dick, they were farther from land than they should be. Shouting orders at Swan, he ascended the stairs to the second deck. Pulling up the anchor, he pointed the nose of “The Mystic” toward the shore mustering as much power as he could while still keeping her smooth and steady.
It took about 30 minutes to return to shore. By that time, the storm was in full swing. The boats in the cove were bobbing up and down as the wind and rain pounded fiercely at each one. It took some expert maneuvering, but Slater soon had “The Mystic” in her slip and anchored securely. Swan was ordered to run ahead and take cover at the back of the restaurant that they had patronized earlier in the day while he finished adjusting the sails. By the time Slater and Swan entered Pepe’of Paris again, they both were severely damp.
Swan managed to redress into her plum suit, but she still continued to shiver a little. Slater had slipped into a blue Cambridge shirt, which now was more than a little soggy. He slung his arm over Swan’s shoulders for body heat as they winded their way through chairs and tables to a cozy fire in the bar.
Swan soon excused herself for the ladies room in hopes of finding a hand dryer that would double as a hair dryer. She was not disappointed. Turning the dryer’s nozzle upward, she soon had her hair fluffed and dried. It was a little wild looking, but that could not be helped. She was surprise to find Slater outside the door tapping his foot.
“I thought that you might be sick or had climbed out the back window. What took you so long?”
“I was drying my hair and warming up.”
“Well, you took your sweet tushy time about it.” 
Swan was about to disagree, and fire back, but thought better about it. He seemed to be snarling for an argument---again.
“Hot buttered rum is on the table. Drink it. It will warm you up.”
Swan obediently followed another order. By the time the storm had passed, she was indeed feeling quite cozy.
It was getting near the supper hour and Quinn would soon need to be fed and put to bed after being at preschool all day. Swan and Quinn would follow their usual routine of bathing and making bubbles in the tub. Then, nursery rhyme songs would be played while she got him ready for the night and before she read him a story. Quinn’s sleepy eyelids would begin to shut long before the story ended.
Insisting that it was time for her to go, Swan picked up her bag and started out the door. Slater was in step right behind her making sure that she was safely in her car before closing the door. Indicating that she should roll down the window, he reached in, took her chin in his grasp, and planted a soft short kiss upon her lips.
“Drive safely.”
Slater got in his black jag and he began to reflect on the day’s events. He hadn’t gotten to a chance to make his move yet, but he was satisfied that it was on the horizon.
Accelerating down the highway, Swan was soon at her condo. She got Quinn ready for bed and tucked the covers around Quinn. She kissed him “good night” and turned out the lights thinking how much he reminded her of his father. Putting on a DVD of Mozart and pouring herself a glass of red wine, she walked out on her balcony and also reflected on the day’s events.

CHAPTER 32

The next week passed without incident. Slater and Swan were involved in their own job, but each was not far from the other’s mind. Swan jumped every time a door slammed at Global Genetic Research Inc. thinking that she was not up to any more confrontations or interrogations. Fortunately, it hadn’t happened----yet.
Swan had twisted and rung her hands all week trying to decide when it would be the most appropriate time to tell someone that they were a father. There didn’t seem to be any manuals to follow that mammoth and gloomy decision.
After an apprehensive and dreadful twenty-four hours, Swan decided to tell Slater       about Quinn on Saturday night over dinner when there would be lots of people around. Hopefully, he would not make a scene, but he was such a complex man she knew there were no guarantees. She could just picture him standing up, leaning over the table, and picking her up by the collar. His style would be getting two inches from her nose and saying very distinctly, “I’m a what?!!!”--- Perhaps, it would be smart to wear something that he could not easily grab hold of clothing wise.---- That was not exactly however the whole scenario unfolded, but close.
Saturday night soon arrived. Swan had twittered all day about the evening events and how Slater would react. He was taking her to a bar called Skyes in Hollywood. It was an exclusive bar and restaurant that many of the movie stars patronized. The bar was outside under the stars. In the middle of the bar and under the stars, there was a sort of huge mattress that couples could lay down on together for a semi-private interlude and count the galaxies. Each couple had their own private secluded spot with votive candles. It was difficult to tell who was who, which is probably why it was so popular with the Hollywood crowd.
Swan had decided on a scarlet power dress with four-inch heels, peek-a-boo toes, and sling straps for her date this evening with Slater. The four-inch heels would make Swan close to being nose to nose with Slater when they were standing. That was a comforting thought. She always felt that looking up gave her a decided disadvantage, perhaps because that didn’t happen very often.
Swan’s strapless crimson dress clung to her figure with three floaty/flouncy tiers. The top was a low-cut sweetheart strapless version with an added touch of cleavage she could at least mellow Slater to the point of reason.
Swan’s hair was French braided on the sides with the back tucked under low on the neck making it look like a pageboy style. It gave her an elegant and sophisticated look.

CHAPTER 33
 
Slater rang the doorbell promptly at 6:30 P.M. Swan was almost ready, but still needed a few more minutes to put finishing touches on her ensemble before she slipped into the ruby red dress.
Excited for company, Quinn ran to answer the doorbell that Maria had already opened. Taking his thumb out of his mouth he asked, “What’s your name?” Apparently, he had not been awed enough to remember Slater from a week ago.
Slater squatted down and said, “Troy, but you can call me Slater.”
Slater was impressed that he stuck out his hand for a handshake even if it were the one with the wet thumb before he ran back to finish building with his Lego blocks. Slater looked at the little dark head bent over the pile of blocks concentrating on building a small animal. He watched him for a few minutes as he assembled his stack before he decided to join him on the patterned rug. He thought that this was the perfect time to pump the little guy for information. He did not feel the least bit guilty as he sat down and began fiddling with stray blocks.
“What’s your name?”
“Quinn,” (which sounded like “win”) the small boy answered after removing his thumb, “but you can call me, Ace.”
A grenade went off in Slater’s head. Trying to appear calm, he asked, “Who calls you, Ace?”
Quinn frowned at being interrupted from his toy Logos. Somehow that frown seemed familiar to Slater, but he was too focused on getting some answers to objectively evaluate why.
“Mommy, she said it’s my daddy’s name.”
Slater jerked from his frozen position on the floor and headed for Swan’s bedroom door with three angry strides. Quinn was oblivious to the turmoil that he had created, but Cleopatra sensed the storm and disappeared under the couch. Slater yanked open Swan’s bedroom door and slammed it so hard that it almost came off the hinges.
Swan had one leg on the bed and had just finished hooking the sheer red nylon to the red ribbon garter belt. She stood almost naked in a red strapless bra and red thong bikini. She had color coordinated her underwear with her outer attire as fashion would dictate, but at this point it was totally lost on Slater.
Swan wrapped her arms around her body in a protective gesture as Slater stormed over to her, grabbed her by the shoulders, and lashed out, “When were you going to tell me? Next week, next year, never!” he fired at her.
Swan knew he was barely holding his anger in check and that she was probably toast.  Although she was not afraid of him, he certainly had her attention. She tried to put some distance between them so that she could compose herself and hope that he would calm down. That didn’t work as she soon found herself thrown on the bed and his body holding hers in place with his nose two inches from hers asking again, “When? Damn you! When?!”
Swan bit her lip; she didn’t pretend to misunderstand him, “Tonight.”
Slater rolled onto his back, slung an arm over his eyes, and was totally silent trying to curb the anger that raged inside him.
The bedroom door quietly swung open and a concerned little boy with big gray eyes asked, “Is Mommy ‘kay?”
“Absolutely, darling, we’re only having a little discussion,” Swan reassured him, lashing angry eyes of her own at Slater and indicating the need to “back off”.
Knowing that Quinn would be a buffer between them and knowing that the time had arrived for introductions, Swan opened her arms, “Come here, sweetheart, I want you to meet someone.”
Quinn ran on his little stubby legs eager to climb into his mommy’s open arms and sit on her near naked lap. With her arms around him and facing Slater, Swan said, “This is your daddy.”
Quinn stared soberly at Slater through his long sooty eyelashes so much like his mom’s before climbing onto his lap and giving him a slobbery kiss. All the anger went out of Slater like a puff of smoke.
“Maybe Daddy would like to read you a bedtime story while mommy finishes getting dressed. Would you like that?” Quinn bobbed his little head up and down. “You’ll need to show him your room and books.”
Taking Daddy’s hand, Quinn led this now docile hunk down the hall; however, as they left the room, Slater turned with a glare and mouthed the words, “You’re not off the hook, yet.”
As father and son walked out the door, Swan slumped against the side of her dresser. She was somewhere between relieved and apprehensive about the unscripted Scene I that just unfolded in the bedroom. She knew that Scene II would be unscripted as well and she felt that she needed to get Slater off her family territory before the explosive atmosphere erupted in front of Quinn. She would protect her son at any cost. She hoped that Slater would do the same.
Swan stepped into the neon red dress, tided her hair, and slipped on the four-inch heels before she knocked on Maria’s door to inform her that they were leaving. Then, she quietly tiptoed down the hall and peeked in on father and son. The two dark heads were close together revealing how much the two resembled the other. She stood there for what seem like an eternity and watched with churning emotions.
Slater was very patient with the toddler’s questions. He listened with interest as he said his prayers and snuggled under the covers. As he turned to go, Quinn asked, “Daddy, will you be back tomorrow?”
Slater looked directly at Swan as he answered, “I’ll be back for the rest of your life,” daring Swan to challenge that statement. He kissed Quinn on the forehead and tucked in his covers before heading for the mother of his child silhouetted in the doorway.
Slater’s calmness was only temporary. Swan could feel his contempt and imagined that she saw smoke emanating in a curl from the top of his head. He none too gently put her on the passenger side of the sleek jag and climbed in under the steering wheel. He reached in the glove box for a package of cigarettes. She realized that she hadn’t seen him smoke since she had been a part of his life again. She suspected that this was his emergency cache.
Rolling down the window, Slater slipped a cigarette between his lips and lit it. Taking a deep drag and exhaling he snapped, “Let’s hear it! What excuse do you have for depriving me of my son for the past three years?”
Swan gnashed her teeth together and tried to answer with “lady like” words, “Because,” she enunciated, “you Neanderthal Ape, by the time I understood that I was pregnant, I didn’t know where you were, who you were, or even what you looked like!” She took a little breath, “I didn‘t even know your name,” she confessed in a deflated quiet voice. “I would never have kept something like that from you or from our son. I didn’t expect to ever see you again. The only part of you I knew to share was ‘Ace’-- that’s his middle name.”
A somewhat calm reply of, “I know,” explained a lot to Swan as to why the evening had unfolded as it did.
 Slater watched Swan bow her head and wrap her arms around herself. He could only imagine the difficulties that this single mother must have had to endure.  He tried to picture her pregnant, blind, totally on her own, and accepting life as it had been given to her. 
He asked the question that had been eating at him for three years, “Why didn’t you let me help? Why did you just leave Breckenridge without a word?”
She answered without hesitation, “I couldn’t ask a handsome young man to give up his life for me. So, when the doctors told me the blindness could well be permanent, I felt that for all concerned, it would be better if I split.”
“What made you think I was handsome?” he asked with a cocky grin.
His question, as usual, threw her off center. Her eyes flickered up to his.
“All the nurses said so.”
Slater threw out the half smoked cigarette and reached over to rub her neck, “I want to hear more details later. Let’s go eat.”
After all the emotional upheaval, Slater was hungry and grouchy. He started the engine and reached over to take Swan’s hand. She clutched his as well. It was a good sign that they had a truce for now even though it remained a fragile one.

CHAPTER 34

They were a stunning couple. Individually they would have turned heads--together, they were smashing! Every eye in the entire bar was following them. Neither Slater nor Swan noticed as each of their thoughts and emotions were in total chaos. Fortunately, they were seated in a secluded area and everyone around them went back to business.
The cushy cocktail seating gave a comfortable peace to their first date. They had had a normal conversation over the dinner table and now they were relaxing with drinks. Slater leaned over and casually draped his arm over Swan’s bare shoulders. His thumb made circles on the edge of her shoulder blade, relaxing her. She still remained somewhat tense. She was beginning to realize that he went to direct interrogation when he was making her feel the most vulnerable.
“Did you have a hard time?” 
Swan blinked a few times wondering if she had missed part of the conversation as she sipped her champagne cocktail and looked up at the stars. “Wwwhat?” she stuttered.
He repeated the question, “Did you have a difficult time delivering Quinn?”
“Yes.” 
We’re back to one-word answers again, he thought. “How so?” he pressed.
He wanted to hear every detail of the birth that he had missed.
“He was breech.”
Slater sucked in an audible breath between his perfect teeth and his thumb stopped circling Swan’s shoulder as he imagined her all alone and blind, birthing their son breech. He had helped with enough animals on his Malibu ranch to get through a difficult birth to know it was not a pleasant way to go whether you were animal or female woman. Sometimes neither made it.
He swallowed, “I should have been there.”
Swan looked right into his soul and replied serenely, “I wish you would have been there, too. I needed you.” She looked away.
“I’ll be there the next time.”
At that comment, Swan’s head jerked up and she stared directly into Slater’s eyes. Slater leaned down and tenderly kissed her lips. It was an apology for the things that he had had no control over in the past and the way things might be in the future. Her response told him that she understood and accepted the way things had been and would let time take care of things to come.

CHAPTER 35

Slater arrived at Swan’s condo the next day with a handful of trucks, planes, and GI Joes. He had missed two birthdays and he was determined to make up for lost time. Slater came the day after that and the day after that.  He totally fell into the role of being a daddy. Quinn soon fell under his spell and was greeting him with open arms. Slater would throw him up in the air and tickle him making laughter and happiness while adding a new dimension to the life of a young boy with a new daddy.
Slater soon was a permanent fixture. The female condo began to change with the constant presence of male company. Maria was a little skeptical at first and remained constantly vigilant; always, hovering subtlety nearby. Slater knew that he was being judged and evaluated. He was pleased that she watched over his little family so carefully. It wasn’t long, however, before Maria realized his commitment and devotion was the same as hers and accepted him as part of their daily ritual. She was pleased with what she saw and the happiness that he generated for the family. When she began to retreat more and more into her own quarters, Slater knew he had passed her evaluation test.
Slater was elated to hear that Quinn would soon be having his third birthday. He found himself planning to bring an entire circus to preschool. He was a little disgruntled that his practical mother quickly squished the thought. A simple birthday with family and cake was exciting as it was going to get. So, the following Saturday he planned their first trip to Disneyland.
It was a comfortable clear day when Slater and his little family arrived at 8:00 A.M. at the Disney theme park in Anaheim along with a score of other families. They took the tram from the parking lot and were now standing in line for tickets. Slater carried Quinn who was perfectly comfortable in Slater's arms as though his daddy had always been a normal part of his life. With big gray eyes, he was soberly observing the chaos around him.
They soon were through the turnstile and grabbing a coveted baby stroller. It wasn’t long before they were making their way down the crowded Main Street USA with Quinn taking in all the sights. He squealed with delight when he saw Tigger and Mickey Mouse. Both of them squatted down for pictures with him. From then on, he was a declared “Disney Groupie”.
The morning passed quickly after several kiddy rides and standing in line for Snow White, Peter Pan, and It’s a Small Small World. Mom and Dad waved and smiled indulgently as Quinn flew by on Dumbo and scooted along on Donald Duck.
Time out was finally taken for lunch. Slater was more than a little distracted when Swan leaned over in her little white shorts to lift Quinn out of the stroller. Her cute little tush was outlined very distinctly as she did so. He had watched her backside swish back and forth all morning and now that he had an opportunity, it was just too tempting not to touch. Swan swatted his hand away, continued with her task as though it were normal, and then turned to glare at him. Slater returned her glare with a dimpled grin letting her know that he was not the least bit contrite.
Swan handed Quinn to Slater saying, “Here, let Daddy carry you, he needs something to do with his hands.”
After a late lunch, Quinn began to yawn. Crawling into the comforting arms of his mommy, he was soon sound to sleep on Swan’s plump breast. Slater watched in fascination as he snuggled his head close and stuck his thumb in his mouth. He was so close to her nipple that it was hard not to imagine Quinn sucking at her breast. All too soon, he was wondering what it would feel like for him to do the same. He was convinced that at the end of the day, he would find out.
The evening concluded with the Electric Parade and Tinker Bell flying down the wire. Then, the entertainment was over and suddenly all the strollers in the amusement park seemed to be trying to converge and funnel into Main Street USA simultaneously. By this time, everyone was tired, cranky, and no longer amused. Stroller road rage had begun and Slater was the leader of the pack. Finally, they passed through the exit gate and mounted the trolley that took them to the parking lot. An hour later, they walked into Swan’s condo.
Slater had Quinn’s routine down by now. A quick dip in the tub, a bedtime story, and Quinn would be out like a light. The anticipation of taking a shower himself and crawling under the covers with Swan generated some extra energy. Swan appeared at the doorway of Quinn’s room in a white terry robe. Thanking him for getting Quinn ready for bed and for the entertaining day, she asked him to lock the door on the way out as she was going to bed as well.
“Good,” thought Slater, “that’s right where he wanted her.” Kissing their son good night, he softly treaded his way down the hall to Swan’s bedroom. He turned the doorknob only to find it bloody well locked. There was no way that a locked door would keep him out if he chose to be on the other side, but for now he gave Swan a reprieve.
“Swan, darling, you can’t keep me out of your bed forever,” he spoke in a husky menacing voice.
He didn’t know if Swan heard him as there was no reaction on the other side of the door, but he felt better for saying it. Swan did indeed hear his deep voice and each word he spoke. She tossed and turned for over an hour after he left while visions of another night danced in her head before darkness claimed her in a restless sleep.
Slater left the condo and arrived at his own luxury pad fifteen minutes later. He poured himself a scotch and went out on his balcony. Standing at the railing overlooking the Pacific, he began drumming his fingers on the edge as he thought about Swan. She was not going to make this relationship easy. He was not averse to plying her with liquor and getting her a little tipsy if that is what it took to lower her defenses. However, he knew that she would blame him in the long run and that that would probably not be his most creative idea. Besides, he wanted her alert and ready the next time they made love. He wanted her to want him as much as he wanted her. And yes, there would be a next time whether she realized it or not.

CHAPTER 36

The next afternoon Slater arrived on the doorstep with two dozen red roses. He had given roses before; they just were never red. Red was only for lovers and the mother of his child. No one had ever been that special to him before this.
Swan graciously accepted the flowers and put them in a crystal vase of water. She wore a white linen halter-top that showed a lot of cleavage; especially, when she leaned down to place the flowers on the table. Slater, being as horny as he was, was not averse to ogling every jiggling movement. When Swan looked up, she caught his glance and became a little flushed. Good, he thought, maybe he was inching under her skirts after all and it was time to press to his advantage.
He pulled Swan reluctantly onto his lap. “So, did you get a good night’s rest?”
Slater was amused as he watched a little blush came over her face. He was beginning to realize that when she was on the defensive, she met his eyes unwaveringly with much more bravado than she probably felt.
“I slept like a log,” she stated without as much as a twitter of an eyelash.
At least they were getting past the one-word answers, he thought.
“Good, because Babe, you’re going to need it tonight.”
He made sure that there was no doubt what he wanted from her by pulling her close to his hardness and pressing her breasts against his chest as he lips came down in a demanding kiss. She responded without a struggle, but when his hands began to wonder, she immediately put a stop to them and climbed off his lap putting space between them.
There was not an opportunity to pursue the romance farther as Quinn was soon in the middle of both of them. He was always excited to see his daddy and today was no different. He began tugging on his hand hoping to go to the beach and build sand castles. It wasn’t long before they were all sitting at the shoreline, each trying to “out do” the other with a little sand art.
The day soon turned into evening. They returned to the condo with a box of pizza and a six-pack of beer. Soon, they had eaten and it was time for Quinn to “hit the hay”, an event to which Slater had looked forward to all day. It wasn’t long before sleepy eyes closed after indulging in a duo read from both parents. They kissed him good night and tiptoed from the room.
Once the light was flipped, Slater backed Swan against the hall wall and resumed where he had left off on the couch earlier that day. The passionate kiss that followed was supposed to set the mood for the rest of the evening. Unfortunately for Slater, the angels gave a nervous Swan another reprieve.
They had just sat down in front of the fireplace with a glass of wine when Slater’s cell phone rang. It was from Juanita in Malibu. Jake had had an accident on the ranch. One of the cattle had not been particularly uncooperative during dehorning and he had gotten gouged in the belly. Juanita’s English was never the greatest under the best of circumstances and under duress; she was having a difficult time communicating. Slater immediately lapsed into fluent Spanish. After speaking with the hospital doctor he understood the seriousness of the situation as Jake was bleeding profusely and they may not be able to get it under control. He might not make it. Slater ran an agitated hand through his hair. Assuring Juanita that he would be on his twin engine within the hour, he hung up the phone. A quick explanation and a kiss on Swan’s upturned lips; he immediately exited out the door.

CHAPTER 37


The next day passed slowly. Swan’s concern for Slater and his friend were making her a little worried as she had not heard from Slater all day. When the phone finally did ring, she jumped in anticipation of bad news. Slater gave a brief description of the events of the day. By the time that Slater had reached the hospital, the doctor had been able to stop the bleeding. Jake was not in immediate danger, but because of the seriousness of the wound, he would remain in intensive care overnight. He would probably be in the hospital for the rest of the week. Slater had held and soothed Juanita the best he could trying to reassure her that all would be well.
When Jake seemed to be holding his own, Juanita could not thank Slater enough for coming. She promised to bake him a peach pie if he would only stay a while longer. Slater had no intention of going anywhere until his friend returned home and was totally on the mend; however, it never hurt to have a homemade pie dangled in front of his nose. Besides, he never in his life turned down Juanita’s home cooking.
Slater finally arrived back at his hacienda towards the end of the day. He settled onto the cowhide couch with the fireplace burning and gave Swan a call. He explained Jake’s situation while Swan listened with relief. Then, she made the mistake of asking if there were anything she could do.
Slater didn’t hesitate a moment before he said, “I’d like to have you here with me. Would Maria be able to take care of Quinn for a few days if I flew back on Monday and picked you up?”
Swan knew what he was asking. She hesitated a moment before Slater pressed the issue.
“I need you.”
That was her undoing and he knew it---the snake! Before she realized it, she was saying “yes” and it was a “done deal”.
After hanging up the phone Swan began to pace the floor wondering what kind of a trap she was falling into and if it were a smart idea to join Slater in Malibu. Since she had committed and was always one to face the inevitable; she sucked it up and began to make arrangements for her departure whether it was an intelligent decision or not.
Swan packed a bag of casual clothing for the trip to Malibu. It was only after a short hesitation, she also threw in a pale peach satin negligee as well just in case she got gutsy enough to wear it.
When the limo picked Swan up at 9:00 sharp the next morning, Swan was ready in a sleeveless, mid-calf jean dress with cutouts in the top part of the bodice and red leather boots with fancy tooling on the sides. Slinging a denim jacket over her arm and grabbing her small overnight bag, she flew out the door and scooted into the backseat of the luxury vehicle.
The chauffer zoomed to the John Wayne Airport in twenty minutes where Slater was impatiently waiting and wondering if Swan were going to show. Relief was not evident on his stoic face as he grabbed her arm and they headed for the small private plane hangar.
They didn’t have a lot of time before takeoff. So, Swan was stuffed immediately into the front seat of a twin-engine piper. Fifteen minutes later, the plane were bouncing down the runway and then into the wild blue yonder. Slater glanced over at Swan. He realized that she hadn’t said a word and that she had the ol’ white-knuckle clutch on each arm of the chair. Her face was ghostly white and she looked like she could barf at any moment. He’d bet his last nickel that she probably hadn’t flown since the plane crash almost four years ago. He just hoped he had a paper bag in one of the plane’s compartments. As luck would have it, he did. He handed it to Swan and tried to distract her by pointing out various landmarks. It didn’t work.
They landed on the private runway at the Malibu ranch an hour later without incident. Except for Swan’s face that matched the lime green moss on the rocks below, the flight was smooth and uneventful.
The Malibu amethyst mountains had taken on a slight mauve haze. They were dotted with colorful fall vegetation that seemed to be giving their last bloom before cooler weather arrived. It was that scenic evening setting that greeted them.
Driving the twin engine plane into a small hanger that was close to the ranch house, Slater turned off the motor. He immediately slipped his hand under the denim jacket that Swan was wearing and began to rub her shoulders. It was a few minutes before the tenseness left and she was able to focus on getting out of the plane. Slater put his arm around her shoulders and helped a wobbly Swan depart the plane before scooping her up in his arms and walking to his hacienda a few yards away.
Laying Swan down on the leather couch, Slater gave her a glass of cold water and put a cloth on her forehead. It wasn’t long before she was sitting up and feeling normal again.
Swan began to look around and absorb her surroundings. She was in the main room of the old Spanish casa. It was a lavish and yet primitive room decorated in authentic Southwestern culture. It was a mixture of old and new with a unique and impressive private collection of art. It was as though she were experiencing the flavor of the seventeenth century while being in the twenty-first.
Slater was the perfect touch to the hacienda as he strode from the hearth room eluding power even wearing dusty boots, a western shirt, and jeans. It was his kingdom. He belonged here, just as the other great cattle barons did of long ago.
When Swan was no longer seeing cross-eyed, she stood and began to stroll about the adobe ranch. Slater had disappeared with Swan’s bag and was in the process of putting it in the master bedroom---if Swan objected, too bad. He had high expectations for the week and she might as well know it!
Seeing that Swan had recuperated, Slater gave her a quick look at the unique old home in which her overnight bag planted in Slater’s bedroom was not lost on Swan. He rushed the tour a little as he was anxious to depart to Jake’s ranch a few miles away. All too soon, Slater was helping Swan gather up her purse and slip into her jean jacket. They immediately jumped in the Durango and headed for “The Big Double J”.
Juanita greeted them both warmly with lots of hugs and led them into Jake’s bedroom. He looked pretty peaked, but much better than he did at the hospital yesterday. After visiting a while, they rose to leave. Slater hadn’t planned to spend the evening at Jake’s house as he had other activities on his mind, but Juanita insisted that they stay for supper. She was making his favorite dish of chicken, mash potatoes, gravy, and corn topped off with the promised peach pie. In spite of other plans, it did not take much urging for him to remain.
The sun was setting by the time they climbed back in the Durango and pointed the headlights in Slater’s ranch direction. The evening was getting cooler and the animals of the night were beginning to stir. The white stalk of flowers waving two feet in the air from the middle of the yucca plants took on a pinky hue. Deer had mixed-in with the cattle in the valley below helping themselves to a free meal. A coyote slunk behind a tree as the jeep jostled past. He seemed to have his eye on a rabbit dinner as they darted in and out among the brush. Snakes slithered around the boulders and birds were looking for a place to roost for the night. The hacienda soon appeared over the hill.
Having parked the jeep in the nearby garage, they headed for the old, but modern casa. Securing the outside perimeter with a sophisticated alarm system, Slater began to build a fire in the inner courtyard fireplace on the Mexican tile patio. Pouring a glass of wine for each of them, they sipped the Chianti under the twinkling stars as the fountain with a spotlight on it gushed nearby. Soft romantic music from a central sound system played in the background and floated through the air.
Slater put his arm around Swan and tried to gage her mood. So far, she was giving no clues. He decided that it was time to help the situation along. Moving in for some smooching, he took away her wine glass and tilled her head upward. He meant to take it easy, but he was a starving man in spite of Juanita’s yummy meal. Good intentions didn’t last long. He thought that he was receiving all the right signals, but when he maneuvered her into the bedroom and began to unzip her dress, she bulked.  She turned around to face him putting some distance between them.
“Oh, hell,” he thought, “he knew fast moves made her jumpy. When would he ever learn?!”
Then, she did an amazing thing as he watched totally mesmerized. She slowly pulled down one sleeve and then the other of her jean dress before letting it float softly to the floor. Slater’s mouth went dry. She stood before him in scarlet panties, bra, and cowboy boots. She looked like a calendar girl out of one of Vargas’s creations. “Miss Firecracker” would have been her title he decided. He stood motionless taking in this fantasy picture. She leaned over giving him a fabulous view of her bosom, shook out her hair, put one hand on her hip, looked him directly in the eye and said, “Your turn.”
That was all it took to galvanize Slater into action. His jeans, shirt, boots, and boxers were off in a flash and thrown in a heap on the floor. He walked proudly toward Swan, scooped her up, placed her on his bed, and their lovemaking began--finally.
Slater woke with the early morning sounds of birds chirping outside the window and cattle mooing in the distance. Swan lay snuggle next to Slater, her arm slung over his chest and her thumb so close to her lips that he thought of Quinn. He hadn’t used any birth control last night.  He wondered if she had---not that it mattered. He missed the first pregnancy and he was anxious to watch her grow with his second child. He wondered how she felt about having his child again. The idea of Swan swelling with a little brother or sister for Quinn was exhilarating. He smiled thinking of the night before and the soft mewing sounds that Swan made during their lovemaking. He knew he was an accomplished lover, but she made him feel extra ordinary as they climaxed together each time in the rhythm of life.
Slater watched the rise and fall of Swan’s breasts. He knew that he would be satisfied with this woman for the rest of his life. It was imperative that she felt the same. He had no doubt that he could convince her if she did not. He would not be letting her leave the ranch without some sort of a verbal agreement that marriage was eminent.
Swan woke to the smell of coffee under her nose. She opened her turquoise eyes to be greeted with Slater’s light blues. He was grinning like a Cheshire cat. She was purring a little herself. She sat up as her tasseled hair fell over her shoulders and the sheet bunched around her breasts. Slater found himself reaching out to remove the strawberry locks from her smooth white shoulder hoping to expose a little more boob to his view. He held the coffee slightly out of her reach so that the sheet had to slip a little farther down when she reached for it.  He was rewarded with a peek. He was hard pressed not to jump her again. He squashed the urge only because she looked too contented with her cup of coffee to be interrupted. His good intentions, however, didn’t last long. After Swan had finished her first cup, temptation was too strong and Slater joined her beneath the sheets.
After another round of lovemaking, they dressed and headed for the kitchen to prepare a little breakfast. By this time they were both absolutely famished. Swan made pancakes while Slater fried the sausage. Having satisfied their physical hunger for food and each other temporarily, they headed over to Juanita and Jake’s.
Juanita came out on the porch when she heard the Durango drive up. She had a dishtowel in her hand as though she were in the middle of drying dishes. The smile on her face told them she was glad to see them and that Jake was healing nicely.
Their home had a rap-a-round porch that provided lots of shade for when Juanita and Jake sat on the porch swing in the evenings. It was a comfortable two-story house with three bedrooms. The decorating was simple and homey. The master bedroom was on the main level, which certainly came in handy for Jake and Juanita as he recuperated. After greeting and hugging Juanita, Slater and Swan walked through the front doorway of their modest home. Jake could be heard hollering all the way down the hall. Juanita smiled and said, “I think he’s getting much better.” Indeed he was as he started shouting orders as soon as they entered the bedroom.
Juanita was not oblivious to the feelings that appeared to be jumping around between the two lovers. She had waited a long time for Slater to bring a special woman around and she was more than willing to help it along. While they had been visiting with Jake, she had been packing a picnic lunch. By the time that they appeared in the doorway and ready to leave, so was the basket of picnic goodies. Slater was delighted even though he had had other plans back at his casa. He also knew that lovemaking with a picnic near a trout stream could be just as satisfying and he knew the exact spot.
Leaving “The Big Double J”, the Durango ascended a short incline and then plunged into a wooded area. They bounced along before they came upon a bubbly brook with trout swimming in and among the smooth pebble rocks.
The brook had clear cold water that descended from the mountains above the tributary. It was translucent enough to be entertained watching fish, turtles, and other little creature’s dash down the mountain stream. Having helped Slater roll out the plaid blanket that he kept in the back seat of his Durango, Swan proceeded to take off her boots, roll up her jeans, and wade in the ice-cold water herself. Slater watched as this little hot mama of his child squealed and laughed in amusement when a fish tickled her extremities.
It wasn’t long before Swan’s feet turned pink and a little numb with cold. She was soon out of the water and back pleading for Slater to warm them up. He was more than happy to accommodate if it meant touching her. Warming Swan’s feet up a bit, Slater was more than anxious to get their picnic out of the way so that they could move on to the other things he had in mind.
Slater dove into the basket that Juanita had prepared and pulled out a bottle of red wine. She had even remembered to stick in an opener and wine glasses. Occupying Swan with a full glass, he rummaged around to see what else Juanita had packed for consumption--cold roast beef sandwiches with home grown tomatoes on homemade rolls, potato salad, chips, baked beans, and chocolate cookies---yum! It wasn’t long before he and Swan had pretty much demolished the meal.
Pouring Swan another glass of wine, Slater leaned against a tree and pulled Swan between his legs. They sipped their wine and enjoyed their companionable silence as the brook babbled nearby and a hawk swirled lazily above them. While Slater sipped wine with one hand, his other hand began to wonder over Swan’s perky breasts. Shortly after that, the buttons of her shirt were undone and his hand had slipped inside. After the first tiny moan, the shirt was off and Swan lay half naked in Slater’s arms. He couldn’t get enough of the sight of her naked breasts and her laying across his lap giving him total access to anything he chose to do to them.
Slater rubbed the back of his neck. It prickled. He couldn’t get over the unsettling feeling of being watched. Abruptly he sat up and put Swan back in her shirt, gathered up the remains of the picnic, and headed back to the four-wheeler not saying a word the entire time. The countryside looked normal enough, but the nagging feeling of being spied upon continued to haunt him.
A miffed Swan drummed her fingertips on the car window sill as they jostled back to Slater’s casa. She was more than a little annoyed that Slater had suddenly thrown cold water on their lovemaking and ended their romantic outing with not so much as a word. He remained lost in his thoughts. She was seething and becoming a little steamed with frustration until they reached the ranch and Slater appeased her by finishing what he had started.
CHAPTER 38

Slater had just finished cooking a breakfast of bacon and eggs the next morning when the phone rang. It was Jake. He sounded much perkier than he had yesterday. He called because he was concerned about some cattle that had gotten loose. It appeared that some two-legged animals were up to no good and had cut the east fence. They killed a calf according to his ranch foreman.
Sometimes, local teens from Malibu would wonder into the hills looking to create a little mischief. Other times, harden criminals and drug pushers would find their way to the ranch by sailing down the coast invading the tide caves that were sprinkled along the shoreline.  The drug dealers seemed to think their cache was safe in these caves along the beach. Little did they know that these tide caves had not been safe hiding places since pirates had graced the shore three hundred years ago.
Whenever the banditos wondered inland they often made the mistake of thinking that Jake’s place would be “easy pickings”. More than one criminal had made that miscalculation and ended up serving time in the California State Penitentiary. Slater assured Jake that he and Swan would check it out as soon as they could corral the horses and saddled-up.
After being assured of Swan’s riding skills, she was perched on the palomino, Scotch, that was gentle and well-adjusted. Slater mounted Origami whose hind withers had healed mouths ago and the two headed for the east end of Jake’s ranch. Scotch obediently followed behind Origami as Slater’s sharp eyes darted across the countryside looking for any signs of disturbance. They rode in silence each thinking their own thoughts.
Swan was enjoying the Malibu morning mist, but most of all she was enjoying Slater’s backside. This morning his top half looked a little more like an urban cowboy as he wore a navy merino turtleneck pushed up to the elbows. The bottom half looked a little more like a working cowboy with well-worn jeans and dusty boots. Speaking of the bottom half, he certainly looked all male in the stonewashed denim with a rather full front fly. Not that there was any doubt after last night, but it was fun to look and fill her head with naked images of their lovemaking. She was particularly fascinated with the way he handled his pinto, encouraging when needed as well as gentle and soothing with every touch. Somehow, his actions seemed lovingly familiar.
Slater’s waist was trim with a smooth muscular butt attached to it of which Swan had enjoyed immensely the night before---thank you very much. Her eyes riveted back to his waist and the lump that was at the back of his waistband. “Oh my goodness, he appeared to be packing!” Suddenly, the whole scenario took on less of a lark and more of a serious event as she looked about Yucca Point imagining the dangers that might be lurking about the countryside.
As they approached the cut fence and butchered heifer, a sober Slater became much more alert and tense. It was obvious from the footprints that a total of three scavengers had been prowling about the area. They did not seem to be particularly concerned that the remains of their intrusion would be noticed as they had made no pretense at covering up their dastardly deed. That meant that they were probably a pretty rough crew and just cocky enough to think that they could delude or handle any law enforcement that might be called in to investigate. It also meant that they were probably a well-armed scummy low life.
Evaluating the situation and alerting the local Malibu law enforcement by cell phone, Slater was concerned about getting Swan back to the house--pronto! He didn’t want to be out in wide-open spaces trying to protect her against a group of rough horny bastards. One look at her beauty and the scenario that would unfold would not be pleasant. Unfortunately, at the present time unbeknown to either Slater or Swan, Swan was being followed with field glasses. The motley group of three had already begun to salivate at the thought of a party tonight in her honor.
Steaks were thrown on the outside grill late afternoon along with baked potatoes. Together, Swan and Slater made a salad on the outside patio in an atmosphere of relaxed camaraderie where they sipped wine and began to know more about each other. It wasn’t long before a cherry tomato was thrown and a food fight began. It was a real shame that they needed to wash off and they ended up naked in the hot tub, which was followed by kissing and touching of course it was. Before they had the joy of consummating the spa, they were reminded that steaks were cooking when the fire flared up from the outdoor cooker. With his usual flamboyant language, Slater jumped out of the tub with little regard for his total arousal and began to flip their supper.
Swan was more delighted with the male meal in front of her than what was on the grill. It was the first time she had seen Slater in such a blatant state in the light of the golden sunset. There was more than one sculpture that would have paid big bucks to have him for a model. Somehow, she didn’t think that he would ever have the patience to sit long enough to even get a snapshot of that hard muscled butt and he certainly wouldn’t have any patience with cranky creative photographers. One five minute setting and they would probably be dangling from the nearest balcony.
Having put the steaks and potatoes on the plates set at the nearby table, Slater turned to help Swan from the tub with the finesse of a perfect gentleman who could have been dressed in formal attire instead of his birthday suit.
“Enjoying the view?”
Giving him a big smile she replied, “Immensely!”
Slater’s eyebrows wiggled up and down letting her know that he was enjoying his view as well.
Having seated the naked Swan with the flourish of a true gentleman, he reached for his napkin that only tented over his male attributes. With a lopsided grin and a shrug of his shoulders, he enthusiastically attacked his steak.
The evening ended as would have been expected back in the hot tub making love. After a little wine, there was a Round Two before Slater carried a wary Swan to bed and crawled in beside her for the night.
Slater awakened very early the next morning with a mop of red hair draped across his chest tickling his chin. He lay there for a while enjoying Swan’s body wrapped around him before he very carefully untangled himself and moved from her luscious body with some regret. After quietly dressing, he went into the kitchen to make some coffee. Having had his first cup with the chirping birds, he looked at his watch. Peeking in on Swan he assured himself that Sleeping Beauty would not be up for some time. Not wanting to wake her, he decided to make a ten-minute run into Malibu to pick up the morning paper. Writing a quick note to Swan, he turned off the main alarm, but kept on the silent alarm around the outside perimeter that would feed into the Malibu authorities in case of a break-in. He then steered the Durango for the quiet community down below.
Slater headed for the local coffee shop, which was already bustling with early morning activity. The morning paper had not arrived, but it was expected at any moment. Slater walked over to the resident police officer, Jeb, who was having a morning wake-up cup of coffee in the shop. Slater had long ago gotten acquainted with the local authorities. They were friendly and easy going as most small town folks are, but savvy and tough when they needed to be. Just as he reached out to shake hands in greeting, Jeb received a code 350 on his walkie-talkie. He looked directly at Slater who had a dreaded premonition.
Clicking off the radio Jeb said, “It seems as though your home alarm just went off. Maybe, you would like to go with me to check it out.”
Slater was through the door of the coffee shop and in the Durango before Jeb finished his last sentence. Accelerating to over 90 mph, he arrived at his adobe in less than five minutes. He reached for the magnum in the glove compartment of the jeep and made a flying leap to the entrance.
Sirens blaring and four squad cars soon followed in his dust. If there were a break-in, Slater no longer envisioned any hope of a surprise. He tried the double front door entrance. It easily swung open. It looked as though a crow bar had hacked the latch. The second entrance looked much the same. Slater had a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach. He instinctively knew in his gut that Swan was in trouble.

CHAPTER 39

Swan was snuggled under a mound of covers as Slater had left her. She was not used to the cool Malibu nights. So, before they had gone to sleep, Slater had found a cozy plaid flannel shirt, which substituted as a nightgown along with a pair of gray leggings from her overnight bag. She woke to the feel of covers being slowly pulled down her back. She frowned in a drowsy half sleep as she realized that there was something sort of creepy about the way the covers were descending down her body. She sat up quite startled to find three grinning derelicts from south of the border ogling her with obvious malice. The one with a missing front tooth had the corner of the blanket, which he now tossed back with glee to the foot of the bed.
Swan leaped from her prone position and made a mad dash for the open courtyard but her move was anticipated. She was immediately surrounded as they began to play the cat and mouse game. There was nowhere to run, she knew it and they knew it, but her desperation was what made the game fun and exciting to the creeps confronting her. This continued for a short while longer before the leader lost patience and grabbed her from behind. He had rotten breath and a smelly body which galvanized Swan into fighting with every ounce of strength that she could muster. Kicking, screaming, and scratching, she fought with the will of a tigress. Because she had been in this situation of desperation before in the halls of her alma mater, she had taken a few self-defense courses that she prayed would help her in this dreadful moment.
Swan’s defense action was all the distraction that was needed for Slater to locate her and to evaluate the situation. Assuring himself of burglar’s numbers and their positions, Slater stepped out from behind the three-second position that he had held from around the corner of the bedroom wall.
In a non-emotional voice, he trained his magnum on the group before saying, “Move and you’re dead.”
Two banditos froze in place, but the one holding Swan thought that he had the upper hand. He stared straight at Slater and their eyes locked. He gave Slater a toothless grin as he tauntingly raised one hand to pinch Swan’s breast causing tears to swell in her eyes and hoping to distract Slater. With his other hand, he reached for the gun in his back pocket. As he did so, he realized his mistake.
This was not some preppy white boy who had only shot a few jackrabbits and rattlers; this was an experienced macho that was no novice to killing. The creep was savvy enough to understand that one minute after he issued a challenge for Slater’s woman. Suddenly, he knew he had unlashed a fury so intense that he saw death and understood that he would soon be a citizen of Hell. That was his final thought that flashed in front of him before a bullet pierced him between the eyes. Swan screamed and fainted as they both fell to the ground simultaneously. A swarm of officers immediately appeared around the corner and surrounded the motley group of drug traders before Slater had a chance to execute the other two.
Slater was kneeling beside Swan before the piece of trash hit the ground. He was horrified that he might have hurt or killed Swan as too much male hormone had clouded his judgment the moment the slimy hand of this pathetic excuse of a man had reached to touch what belonged to him and only him. He was relieved as he realized that the blood that covered Swan belonged to the killer/rapist and was not hers.
As Swan lay limp in his arms, Slater gathered her up as he snapped orders to the Malibu police officers while he carried Swan into the bedroom and shut the door. There, he stripped off her bloody clothing, threw them in the fireplace, and washed all traces of the tainted blood away before she regained consciousness. He held her, soothed her, and loved her until her hysterical tears turned into soft sobs and then stopped all together.
Disaster had threatened to separate them, but was kind enough to snap them back together again. They celebrated by giving their bodies to each other with all the passion of young lovers after a long separation and a much extended journey. The solace of sharing their love with each other consoled and comforted each other after the traumatic and harrowing day.
That afternoon, Slater informed Jake that the cattle thieves had been caught and were in jail waiting to be expedited to the L.A. county jail. Jake knew there was more to the story, but he also knew that Slater would only tell him about it when he was ready.
Meanwhile, it was time for Swan and Slater to depart back to Newport and reunite with their precious baby boy. They climbed into the twin-engine plane and headed for their life back at the beach hoping for a quick heal from their harrowing experience.
Swan curled into a protective ball after the twin engine took off from the private runway. She soon fell asleep from all the drama of early morning. Slater was a little worried about her, but he knew that this delegate woman was a steel magnolia and would be eventually be all right.

CHAPTER 40

A sober Swan and Slater entered her Newport condo. The lights were out and there was total silence. There was no running of little feet to greet them, which caused Swan to go into near hysterics as her imagination began to run amok. Slater was immediately on his cell trying to locate Maria when the lock in the door clicked and a bundle of energy flew into Swan’s arms. Maria’s grandson had broken his leg in a soccer game and she had been needed immediately at the emergency room.
Quinn, oblivious to his mother’s churning emotions, began to elaborate with the enthrallment and excitement of a three year-old. He excitedly told of the hospital’s loud speakers, twirling red ambulance lights, and the white coat medical staff. He shared every detail that he could think of as his distraught mother held him and tried to listen tentatively. Now that Swan had returned, Maria said that she would be returning to the hospital and would be helping her daughter over the weekend. She went into pack her bag.
When the door shut behind Maria, Slater looked directly at Swan as his eyebrows wiggled up and down at the prospect of being alone and spending the weekend in her bed. Swan had other ideas as he soon was going to find out in spite of the delectable weekend that they had shared in Malibu.
Slater didn’t even remember how it started, but immediately after Maria left and putting Quinn to sleep, Swan, still extremely emotional from not finding Quinn tucked safely in bed when she arrived home, stiffly escorted him into the living room. Suddenly, the weekend events were all his fault and they were in a full fledge argument. He left slamming the door behind him and shouting that he wasn’t responsible for everything that had gone wrong in her life, but somehow he didn’t think he had convinced her.
For the insecure and irrational Swan, the sound of the door banging shut only signified that another chapter of her existence had closed. In her irrational mind, when Slater left to get the newspaper in Malibu, he had let her down just like everyone else in her life. She was not going to let it happen again nor would he have the opportunity to let her son down as well!
Slater’s night was restless. He was furious with Swan--partly because she was being unreasonable and partly because he felt a little guilty for not being in the hacienda when she was attacked. He had never had anyone jerk him around like she did and he didn’t like it one bit! He lit a cigarette and decided that she needed to call HIM and apologize and then maybe he’d think about taking her back. Who was he kidding, if she called, he’d be there in a split second.
By Monday morning, a stubborn Slater was in a real bitchy mood. It was 10:00 A.M. and Swan had not appeared to put the finishing touches on his office. He finally gave in and called her condo---no answer. He called her cell---no answer. He had a sick premonition that Swan might have disappeared just as she did in Breckenridge.
By mid-afternoon, Slater finally located Maria who had spoken to Swan. She only told him that she and Quinn would be away for a while and not to worry. Slater got off the phone and angrily threw the arrangement of flowers that were on his desk against the wall. He rarely lost his cool, but then again things usually went his way. Right now, they were not going the way he wanted! Damn her for running away again and damn her for taking Quinn with her! He drummed his fingers on the desk and then shot into action.
Swan had never had a relationship or a special someone in her life. Interacting and giving was a difficult concept. It, also, was a scary one. She was much like a turtle, when the going got tough she retreated back into her protective shell. If she really thought about it, she was scared. To put total trust in someone was giving a part of herself and taking a chance. If she were to take a gamble and things did not work out, she was afraid that she would break into a million tiny pieces. For her, suddenly the risk was much too great. The shattered weekend had given her an excuse to end something before it continued and before Slater could dump her and Quinn. She had worked hard to keep her life simple and uncomplicated without turmoil. What she didn’t realize that there were never any guarantees in life and that taking a risk with someone else was what life was all about.
When Swan didn’t hear from Slater all weekend, she accepted the end of a relationship and because of her insecurities retreated back into her safe cocoon. Packing her bags in her silver Mercedes on Sunday afternoon, she, Quinn, and Cleopatra headed for a friend’s beach house in San Diego, which was only a few hours south of Newport.
Slater had contacted all his sources for information. Swan had not left the country by plane, train, or bus that much he had deducted. So, she probably was headed to somewhere nearby. He put an alert out for her silver Mercedes with the Orange County license tag 759385. So far, his search yielded nothing. He didn’t think that she would be gone too terribly long, but the anxiety of not knowing was a little disturbing. He wanted her back and he wanted her back NOW! He had tried to contact her again by cell. She either had turned it off or had chosen to avoid his calls. Either one, more than pissed him off! They obviously needed to have a conversation and get a few things understood and he was just the one to initiate such a verbal confrontation if necessary. He had finally figured out that he had better get a ring on her finger so that just maybe he could get the ring out of his nose!

CHAPTER 41

Quinn was delighted to be living in a beach house. It was a private stretch of sand with a little distance between other homes. It was like living in a dollhouse as the entire backside that faced the ocean was glass. A sundeck off the bedroom was on the top floor. The bedroom contained a king sized bed and fainting couch in the corner, which was a perfect size for Quinn. It was a comfortable “get away” for Swan.
All the rooms were painted a soft white with white modern couches, lamps, and drapes. Cleopatra blended right into the surroundings and almost was totally camouflaged. The drapes were linen and let in a lot of light whether they were shut or open. Various palms and flowering cactus plants gave it an inviting homey look. It was simple, but sophisticated.
Her dearest gay friend, Ted, owned the beach house. He extended an open invitation to Swan whenever it suited her. Most of the time, Ted’s business took him out of town, but this weekend he would be there for part of the time. Swan was relieved, as she needed his help and guidance on what was going on in her life. He always helped center her. He also had been like an uncle to Quinn since the day he was born.
Ted was the first one to appear in the hospital room with flowers the day Quinn came into her life. He looked like Troy Donahue and everyone at the hospital speculated that he must be the father in spite of Quinn’s dark hair.
Ted also knew about Slater, he just didn’t know what had transpired in the past few weeks. Swan had the need to share all aspects of this complicated relationship with one of her best friends. She knew that he would be comforting and nonjudgmental.
Ted arrived at his beach home the next day. Swan was relieved to talk to him and did so for hours, not leaving out one detail of her new relationship with Slater. He listen tentatively, gave sound advice, and friendship comfort.
The week ended all too soon with an outing to Sea World. Quinn squealed with delight at the whale show. But, his biggest thrill was petting the dolphins. Watching Uncle Teddy with Quinn made her wish that Slater were here. With a sigh and some regret, Swan hoped that Slater might someday want to take Quinn back to this water world and have the opportunity to watch his happy baby boy.

CHAPTER 42

It was a long trip back from San Diego. The traffic was more horrific than usual and took twice as long as it had to travel south. The only consoling travel bonus was that Swan’s friend, Ted, had offered to ride back with her, as he wanted to visit another friend. Swan was happy to have his company as Uncle Teddy had kept a cranky Quinn entertained with antics and stories until he fell asleep in exhaustion. They arrived at Swan’s condo around midnight.
Ted handed a sleeping Quinn over to Swan in the parking lot. Then, he lightly touched her face and gave her a soft peck on the lips before giving her a little bear hug. It was just a friend giving another friend solace, but to Slater who couldn’t sleep and had decided to cruise by Swan’s place in hopes of catching a glimpse of Swan’s arrival, it looked like a weekend spent with a lover.
Slater was livid as his black jag raced past the two people at the entrance of the condo oblivious to his presence. His grip on the steering wheel almost cracked it apart. He knew he needed to keep going as his hands had an urge to ram the handsome face of Swan’s lover into the nearest concrete wall and smash it beyond recognition.
Not once during the entire week did Slater ever picture Swan in someone else’s arms, loving him, holding him. The very thought made him see red with rage. Jealousy was a new emotion for Slater. He didn’t realize how irrational and out of control it could make one feel. It was just another thing that he didn’t like one bit!
Now, that Slater was getting the concept of jealousy, he contemplated how he could use it to his advantage. He was getting a little tired of Swan yanking on his dick and it was time that he returned the favor. He was gambling on the fact that Swan had the same emotion. He intended to get her attention by jerking her chain a bit as well. With Quinn in the picture, he was not averse to using him as a bit of leverage if necessary so long as Quinn was not involved and knew nothing about it. One thing for sure, under no circumstances would he ever let his son slip from his life. He would fight for this relationship if he had to go to every court in the land. Hopefully, he could get things resolved long before any legal antics came into the picture. 
With the incentive of a dangling carrot in front of his nose, Slater proceeded to put a plan in action. It was time to renew some old acquaintances. The first woman that came to mind was Lolita. She was fun, stunning, and lived up to her name. Dialing her number, he turned on his charm and soon had a lunch date for the next day. 
Slater arrived at a popular lunch bistro that he knew Swan frequented with Lolita hanging on his arm. Lolita was her usual clingy self, which was just what Slater was counting on as they weaved in and out among the tables upon which sat a single colorful daisy adorning the tablecloths. Lolita dressed a little flashy, which was just what Slater had hoped for when he made the date. He wanted to be noticed. He got his wish.
Lolita wore a clingy tight dark green knit with a very low neckline that bordered on tastefulness with lots of gold jewelry, most of which had been given to her by Slater when their relationship had been in full swing. She had shoulder length blond hair, very red nails, and very red lipstick, which she always enjoyed smearing on an annoyed Slater. She liked to swing her hips with just enough tail to invite everyone in the restaurant to look and insinuated that maybe you would be lucky enough to be invited to touch---the perfect woman of choice for Slater’s plan.
Swan picked Madeline up for a lunch date at the local French bistro that they often frequented unbeknown that Slater would be there with a date. Madeline was part of Swan’s circle of friends that she had acquired at the Balboa Bay Club in Newport. She was not an original California gal, but was born, bred, and wed in Connecticut.
Unlike Kat and Swan, Madeline came from wealth. She had grown-up in a large household with servants, cooks, and gardeners. She never knew anything different. She was the only princess of a divulging mother and father. She had traveled the world by the time she was eight. She was well versed in art, culture, and other languages by the time she was twelve. Before she went away to college she knew all the social graces and was able to present a dinner party at a moment’s notice if necessary.
Most of Madeline’s summers were spent in Hyannis Port with her cousins swimming, horseback riding, and water skiing. All the families came and were members of the elite yacht club. All the parents of Madeline’s cousins were also graduates of Ivy League schools. There was never any doubt that when she grew up that she would be educated at Wellesley just like her mother. There, she would be married to the man of her dreams just like her mother.
The union of Madeline and her husband-to-be was approved by both sets of parents as they became pawns to their wealthy families doing what was expected. She would even be miserable just like her mother. The men in the family always seemed to have a roving eye for some young thing that sauntered by with invitations in their big round eyes. Unfortunately, Madeline’s husband soon joined the club of the unfaithful and the cycle continued.
There was never a question of divorce. Generations of good catholic families never gave that a consideration and they would be no different. So, Madeline and her husband led a life of misery pretending to be happy to the rest of the world. They had two children. Their lives would also mimic the life of their parents.
Slater arrived with Lolita just before noon as he knew that Swan would pick Quinn up from preschool at 11:30 A.M. and deliver him home for Maria to feed and put him down for a nap. IF she were coming, she would be picking up a friend or her lover and be at the bistro by noon. Should everything not go according to plan, he would bring a different date for lunch every day this week until he “accidentally” ran into Swan.
Swan drove to the restaurant with a chatty Madeline all the way. It was a beautiful day and the lovely young women were enjoying the bright sunshine with the top of the convertible down. She soon pulled her Mercedes into the entrance of the bistro and handed the keys to the valet. An unsuspecting Swan and her friend walked into the French cafe and were soon seated a few tables away from Slater and the brassy blond.
Slater made sure that he had a seat facing the entrance of the bistro so that he could orchestrate his moves accordingly. As luck would have it, Swan and a girlfriend walked in the door ten minutes after he and Lolita had arrived and sat down a few chairs away. When he sensed Swan looking from the corner of his eye he reached over, took Lolita’s hand, and carried it to his lips. It was all the encouragement that was needed to get Lolita licking her chops. He soon was rewarded with bare toes creeping up his leg.
Slater’s back was turned, but Swan recognized him immediately. She was horrified by what she was witnessing! She watched what was taking place between the couple in fascinatingly slow motion. It wasn’t until her friend, Madeline, started fanning her face with the menu that she came back to earth with a thud.
“Are you going to be sick?” she asked Swan.
Swan couldn’t seem to use her vocal cords; she only shook her head up and down. She grabbed her purse and immediately exited out the door from which they had just entered with an alarmed Madeline following closely behind. It wasn’t until they were in the car with Swan gasping for air in-between crying and hiccupping did Madeline piece together the story and understand the reason for their quick departure--the swine!
By the time Swan dropped a concerned Madeline back at her doorstep; Swan had pulled herself together and was beginning to regroup. The minute she entered the front door of her home, she was back in control. The last thing she was going to do was to mope around and hope any phone calls came from Slater. She was going to get as far away from him as was physically possible.
Things began flying the moment after she booked a flight for two by phone to Europe. Almost as soon as she replaced the phone receiver in its cradle, she was packed and out the door with Quinn in tow. She was going to spend time with her friend, Kat. Kat was vacationing outside Rome where there would be no way that she would run into Slater---ever!!! So, she thought.

CHAPTER 43

It was a grueling luncheon date for Slater. Once Lolita had served her purpose and was no longer needed, he could hardly wait for the meal to be over. There was an unusually large crowd today and the waiters were swamped. As a result, it was a miserable two hours before they got out of there and Slater was back in his office.
It didn’t help that Lolita wasn’t about to have the luncheon end any sooner than necessary. She took an unusually long time eating, drinking two glasses of wine, and then ordering dessert with coffee. He deserved to be punished for the agonizing luncheon and he accepted that. He was more than a little impatient, however, with her pouted red lips as her hopes were dashed when she found out that they would not be going back to his place for an afternoon romp that she had hoped to last the rest of the day and night.
When Slater got back to his office he was could still smell the clinging musky smell of Lolita’s perfume. He felt like she was all over him and he couldn’t wait to get home and take a shower, which would wash all traces of her away from his mind and body. All he wanted was Swan--her scent and only hers.
Slater was disgusted with himself. He saw the way Swan looked when she ran out the door of the restaurant. He wanted her to be upset, but not to the point of being sick. He went back to his apartment, took a shower, and contemplated his next move.
Slater went out on the balcony and lit a cigarette as he gazed out over the Pacific and considered the day’s event. Swan didn’t bring in her lover boy for lunch, but that didn’t mean anything. She hadn’t reacted to his date like someone who had another lover, but then again she never did react the way that he expected. That caused him to frown as he stared out at Catalina. His whole plan was to make her so jealous that she would come running back into his waiting arms.
Slater’s eyebrows drew together in a frown as he rubbed his chin and thought of the foolishness of that line of thinking. It suddenly occurred to him that she wasn’t experienced enough to play games. Smashing out his cigarette with the heel of his shoe he needed to drive past her place and prove his thinking incorrect. He had a premonition that he had made the wrong move. Slater usually shot from the hip and met things head on when he needed to solved a problem, but Swan solved her problems differently--she ran. Son of a bitch, how could he be so stupid!
Slater knew that he was right before he ever got to Swan’s condo. He entered by the side door with the slip of a credit card as he usually did and took the back steps two at a time. Seconds later, he was pounding on the French door entrance of Swan’s condo. A sober Maria opened the door.
Slater got very little information from Maria as she knew very little, but with much reluctance she gave him enough knowledge to serve as a starting point. Swan was headed for Europe, damn her! She had an hour jump on him, but he could easily close that gap difference once he got his private jet fired up. Sitting down at his computer he hacked into LAX terminals flight plan for all airlines. It wasn’t long before he verified the two tickets of Swan and Quinn on an American Airliner bound for Rome. It left in twenty minutes. Slater looked at his watch and realized that they would probably just be boarding at approximately this very moment.
Slater alerted his staff for an overseas flight in his small private jet. They were used to last minute instructions and were paid well to be ready to go anywhere at a moment’s notice. One hour later, they were in the air and headed to Tuscany country. They would be flying at night and would be arriving before dawn. With any luck at all, they would be at their gate about the moment the American Airliner was pulling up to theirs. By the time Swan got her luggage and went through customs, he would be greeting them on the other side. --- It should have worked that way, but it didn’t.
Swan and Quinn boarded the international flight to Europe within two hours after she saw Slater at the bistro. Quinn was terribly excited about flying on the big silver bird of the sky. It was like he had been given an energizing battery pill. It wasn’t until they had taken off and they were in the air over the feathery white clouds for over two hours that her little energizing bunny began to wind down and nod off.
After raising the arm of the plane seat, Quinn was able to stretch out in the plane seat quite comfortable for the entire flight. He snuggled beneath his “blankie” with his favorite toy doggy under his arm and was soon fast asleep. It was then that Swan had time to reflect on her day and Slater’s conduct with the blond.
Replaying the restaurant scene like a DVD in her tired mind, she found herself becoming more and more miserable. How could she have believed all of Slater’s words and romance? How could she have been sooo stupid?! After a three-hour pity party and a bottle of wine, she tried to make a real effort to sleep. Trying to keep a blank mind so that she wouldn’t think of Slater making love to the blond from the restaurant, she punched her pillow pretending it was his head. Finally, she fell into a short shallow sleep of liquored bliss.
They arrived in Rome late afternoon. Swan had packed light and brought only one carry-on for her and Quinn. She didn’t want to be waiting in the luggage line with a squirming three-year-old and a hangover. Besides, she could always buy anything that they needed. So, she had a short wait at customs and was soon spotted by her friend, Kat.
It was a big relief to see Kat’s waving hand among the crowd of traveling people. After battling the airport mob, they were soon settled into Kat’s beamer and headed for her European castle in the coastal region of southern Italy compliments of Kat’s last husband, The Baron.
A smug Slater arrived about fifteen minutes after the commercial airliner landed.  He was soon through customs and on the other side of the gate scanning the horde of people for Swan and Quinn. An hour later, a frustrated Slater was not so smug.
The worldly part of Slater, however, did not take long to obtain the information he wanted. When a few palms were greased with the America dollar, a taxi driver suddenly remembered two women and a toddler. Slater knew he could depend on the Italian men to notice gorgeous women and he was not disappointed by their observation. He had been counting on their appreciation of the feminine beauty. When he finally found the taxi driver that remembered Swan with a small child and another woman, he was able to give a description of their get-a-way car. Then, however, he started to flamboyantly describe the attributes of the redhead woman’s figure. Slater put his hand up in a gesture to stop. It was not, however, the universal gesture that he desired to give to this male Italian with way too much testosterone.
Slater opened his laptop. With a little help from a satellite dish, Slater was able to track fifteen light-gray BMWs headed south from the airport. He soon obtained satellite pictures, which enabled him to narrow the possibilities down to three. A quick check of the license plate zeroed them down again to an American name, Katherine Tortillini, which in all probabilities was her friend, Kat.  He went with the gut feeling that he had found the trio. Hailing the nearest cab, he guided the taxi through the traffic following each turn of the gray beamer. They were soon whizzing down the coastal highway at 95 mph approximately an hour behind the equally speeding vehicle of Kat’s.

CHAPTER 44

An exhausted Swan and Quinn immediately went upstairs to the spacious bedrooms of Kat’s seasonal second home that overlooked the Mediterranean Sea. Quinn was seeing ZZZs before the lights were out in his bedroom and Swan wasn’t far behind in her roomy king-sized bed. She was too tired to dig through her bag for an overnight gown. So, her clothes fell in a pile beside the bed along with her bra and panties. She then slipped between the luxurious silk sheets totally nude.
Kat was wide-awake. She managed six hours of sleep before she had made the run to the airport. Setting the alarm, she went to the refrigerator and sliced some meat off the hunk of roast beef for a sandwich. Pouring herself a glass of relaxing prime Italian wine, she sat down to thumb through a magazine that she picked up at the airport. An hour later she closed the magazine with a big yawn.
Just as Kat was about to turn out the lights and go upstairs, the doorbell rang. Startled that someone would be ringing the doorbell at this time of night, she apprehensively looked out the peephole. What she saw was a very handsome man standing on the other side of the door. He didn’t look Italian but he did look somewhat familiar. Hoping that it was just someone who had a flat tire and not an ax murderer, she cautiously used her intercom.
Slater knew that he wouldn’t have any problem scaling the walls of the three story luxury home, but he preferred to enter the old-fashion way. As he stood on the front porch, a female voice asked in Italian his reason for him being on her doorstep at this time of night. He replied back in fluent Italian that he had been chasing Swan and Quinn half-way across the universe and he would appreciate it if she would open the door. To his surprise, she accommodated.
Kat immediately recognized Slater from some Disneyland pictures that Swan had shown her, the minute he asked to see her friend. She, however, was not quite ready to throw open the door in invitation to enter until she had some sort of an explanation. She intended to protect her friend from this gigolo whom Swan had flown around the world in the middle of the night to avoid. So, if he wanted to gain entrance he better have a darn good story as to why he followed Swan and how he found her here.
Kat’s body language told Slater that he better be on top of his game and up to some pretty fast smooth talking if he didn’t want to still be standing on the front step when the morning sun popped over the horizon. He took his cues from Kat. He was well aware of the way her eyes glanced over him in appreciation of his male attributes. He immediately and accurately pegged her as a female piranha. It did not take her long to guess she liked what she saw and he intended to use it to his full advantage. He would almost bet his last buck that she even had a pretty good idea on how long his pecker was.
Oozing with charm, he soon found himself sitting on the living room couch with a scotch in his hand. Thirty minutes later after a declaration of his love for Swan, he was being led to the bedroom door of the sleeping beauty. Stripping to his briefs, he immediately crawled in beside her. He was pleasantly surprised to find her almost as naked as he pulled her next to him. Those luscious breasts with their pointy nipples bore into his chest like a steel drill. It was a bitter sweet feeling of male sacrifice just to have those soft breasts pressed against him, but he would happily endure it. With a deep breath he was soon sound asleep beside her. 
A sleeping Swan and Slater were awaken mid-morning with little feet jumping up and down on the bed and an excited baby voice saying, “Daddy, daddy!”
Slater felt Swan tense beside him. She tried to bounce up and away, but Slater held her close with one arm as he cuddled and kissed Quinn with the other until Quinn decided that it was Mommy’s turn. Then, Quinn was off to tell the news about Daddy to anyone who would take the time to listen.
Slater peered down at Swan. She wasn’t saying anything, just soberly looking at him and waiting. She tried again to put some distance between them, but Slater was not giving her even an inch of opportunity. He liked her naked and pressed up next to him. He looked down at her nude body and he couldn’t think of one reason why he shouldn’t indulge himself.
Slater began nibbling on Swan’s ear, “Marry me.”
Swan just spent a miserable night on a red-eye flight to Europe. She was vulnerable and exhausted. She did not know how Slater had slipped past Kat and why he was in her bed. She only knew that every time she had a visual rerun of the blonde’s toes creeping up Slater’s leg, she wanted to bonk him several times on the head. She didn’t know where he was going with this “marry me” bit, but she certainly had no intentions of falling for it. So, she said nothing.
That nothing brought Slater to a three second abrupt stop. He hadn’t totally known what to expect, but he had expected some enthusiasm from the woman of his dreams. It always infuriated him when Swan went into her not talking mode, but he was getting better at figuring out this puzzling woman. Not letting Swan’s reaction dash his hopes in any way, he continued charging forward. He did not let up on his nibbling and kissing of all soft spots that he could get to in spite of her squirming and pushing beside him.
Finally, she said one word, “Why?”
Slater paused a moment from his on slaughter of love making to peer down his nose at Swan. His thoughts were still coming from his lower region, so it took him a few seconds for her words to travel up to his brain and comprehend what she was asking. She was piercing him with her aqua blues. He knew she was searching deep into his soul as she always did. He must have hesitated a little too long as he watched her begin to pull mentally away. 
“Be---cause,” he enunciated distinctly one inch from her nose, “I love you.”
Unpredictably, her eyes began to swell up with tears. Not quite the response he wanted, but at least it was a genuine. Before he could pursue the conversation any further, he groaned as he heard the patter of small feet running down the hall. The door was thrown open again with a little Quinn rushing into the bedroom.
“Hurry up, hurry up, breakfast is on and you’re going to miss it!” Then, he bounced out of the room again.
Slater kissed Swan’s forehead and put his head next to hers. He wasn’t about to be strung along waiting until they were alone again. He wanted a commitment pronto!
With a little apprehension he softly asked, “Well, what’s your answer?”
She said nothing, but only shook her head up and down against his chest. He smiled, that would have to do for now.
A grinning Slater entered the breakfast nook with an arm around a serene and happy Swan. Kat was relieved to see that she had read Slater correctly and that the dicey situation had apparently turned out for the best.
Quinn didn’t understand what was happening, but was able to grasp the jubilant atmosphere around him, which made him bubble with antics that kept them all laughing throughout the delicious brunch. Quinn was soon finished and off to play with the remote control truck that Auntie Kitty Kat had given him.
Slater looked at Kat, “Swan has agreed to marry me.”
Kat clapped her hands with glee. She always loved a wedding whether it was one of hers or someone else’s. After congratulating them with happy hugs and kisses she had her cook bring out champagne cocktails in celebration.
Clinking glasses, Kat asked, “When do you think you’ll tie the knot? “ 
“Soon,” Slater replied, “Swan’s pregnant.” 
That brought the celebration to an abrupt halt as Kat’s eyes widened and swiveled questionably on Swan. The only sound that could be heard was the toy remote in the background.
“I am not,” she countered indignantly.
“I beg to differ,” Slater smiled. “Think about it.”
As she did so, Slater watched his new fiancé turn peaked, then a little green as she left the table to throw-up in the nearby bathroom. With a wink and grin at Kat, Slater got up from the table to help Swan.
A trip to the pharmacy did indeed confirm Swan’s pregnancy. It had probably happened in Malibu three weeks ago prior to their falling out. Slater was elated! Swan was having a little trouble getting her mind around it, but with some adjustment she began to get caught up in Slater’s enthusiasm. She hoped that this pregnancy would be different and easier because Slater would be with her all the way. His support and love would get her through any hurdles that she might have to endure. That gave her strength. She had never been loved before Quinn. It was a security that she had experienced from very few adults and never from any adult male.

CHAPTER 45

Slater was determined to make their engagement spectacular and special. Kat had agreed to watch Quinn for a few days while they jetted to Paris and picked out an engagement ring. Slater had contacted the most prestigious jeweler in all of Europe. When they arrived, followed discreetly by the pilots that Swan finally realized also doubled as body guards, they were led into an exclusive backroom that was only reserved for the sheiks, kings, and other special people with unlimited funds.
Swan and Slater looked over the gorgeous gems that sparkled under the vaults bright lighting. Swan was having a difficult time deciding which diamond was the most beautiful. Slater was on the verge of telling her to take the whole tray or pick out the largest and gaudiest ring so that anyone in the next county could see that Swan was his. In the end, Swan picked a simple gold band with small diamonds encircling the edge on each side all the way around. Slater, however, was determined that she have a large carat to wear when they attended social events or on special occasions. He left with a simple, but very large rock that he planned to give to Swan when he officially popped the question later on that evening.
Swan and Slater stepped from the exquisite jewelry boutique to next door and into an exclusive Paris hauteur that contained cocktail dresses from world chic designers. The clerks were only too happy to dress Swan’s perfect figure in any clothing that suited Slater’s fancy as he sat with a glass of wine in a plush chair orchestrating what he wanted. He reminded Swan of a sultan and she tolerated his fantasy ego for only a short session. After indulging him for thirty minutes, she finally gave the ultimatum to “snap it up” or he was going to get to repeat the session with him trotting around in front of her for approval.
Ten minutes later they were out the door with several designer dresses, which Slater had decided upon within five minutes of entering the shop. With stormy sea eyes that were calling him all kinds of names, Slater gave Swan a sheepish grin as they exited with six lavish boxes tied in gold ribbon and one ecstatic clerk that they left behind.
Swan and Slater checked into the top floor suite of the Paris King George Hotel. It was a corner suite that overlooked the Seine River. A wrap-a-round lacy iron balcony surrounded two sides of the room. A table with a large vase of red roses and lilacs graced the center. Next to the fresh flowers sat a bottle of expensive bubbly chilling in a silver ice bucket.
The Paris view from the suite was spectacular! The Eiffel Tower could be seen in the near distance lit up like a Christmas tree. The Arc of Triumph and the Notre Dame’s rose window were glowing with their beauty as well. The panorama picture could also be seen from the bed in the bedroom, which was the size of a trampoline. Both the view and the magnitude of the mattress made it look extremely inviting. One could use all kinds of imagination to pursue any fantasy that was lurking in one’s mind. Slater did not have any difficulty imagining what he wanted and how he wanted it.
A large round tub faced the view. Slater had plans for its use as soon as the door was closed. Holding that thought, he tipped the bellboy and shut the door. As he turned around, he could see Swan already running water into the “sin” tub that immediately began making bubbles.  She turned around to face him and slowly began to peel away her clothing. Slater lay down on the bed, crossed his arms behind his head, and enjoyed the view that Swan presented to him. It wasn’t long before Slater joined her with a bottle of champagne and flute crystal glasses, but not before a giggling Swan had the privilege of enjoying his mini-strip as his shorts landed on top of the armoire.
Dinner took place at a trendy Parisian restaurant that overlooked a large portion of twinkling Paris. Swan and Slater arrived fashionable past the dinner hour by limousine. The chauffer opened the door and Slater helped Swan slip from the luxury vehicle. She swung her slim long legs out that were encased in pale gray fishnet stockings with gray velveteen peek-a-boo toe shoes that had a small glittery rhinestone on top. Her dress was a slim gray satin trimmed in gray velveteen that clung to her shapely figure. The sleeves were short and fluttery giving them a two inch ruffled look. The neckline plunged almost to the waist and only gave a hint of bosom with a two and half inch antique broach of sparkling diamonds enclosing the point. Covering her exquisite chic dress was a short gray jacket of luxury chinchilla. Her hair was pulled up in a sleek French roll showing off the diamond droplets that hung from her earlobes, compliments of her husband that had been in the bottom of the champagne glass that was sipped in the tub for two.
The stunning couple was led by the matre d’ to a private alcove surrounded by fresh flowers with a view of Paris. A small indoor waterfall flowed nearby that was filled with orange and spotted coy. If you looked closely, you could see them swimming in and out under the thick floor of glass, which brought twinkling laughter from Swan that Slater, a man hoping to please, was delighted to hear. Violins played unobtrusively in the background giving the desired atmosphere of joyful romance. The waiters were so smooth and discreet that you hardly knew they were nearby in the shadows. Champagne flowed freely. After dinner, out on the iron balcony with a hedge of pink roses and under the diamond studded sky overlooking Paris, Slater on bended knee proposed to Swan. Then, he sealed their love with romantic words and a forever-breathless kiss.
The evening concluded with the stunning couple being escorted by their limousine driver to a private club on the very top floor of the highest building in Paris. It was an exclusive fancy nightclub with high cover charges for only the very prosperous. Three different live bands played throughout soundproof lively dance floors.
Slater surprised Swan by twirling her around the dance room with some pretty fancy hoofing from salsa dancing to slow and intimate. He was extremely impressive and fun; however, by early morning, Slater began to munch on Swan’s silky neck and his right dance hand began to slip down to Swan’s satin fanny. It was a really good clue that it was time to cruise back to the hotel.
After a marathon two days of romance and making love, the happy couple returned to Kat’s castle near Rome. The vibrant glow of Swan and Slater made it quite obvious that their little rendezvous had been a successful one. As they entered Kat’s summer home, they were greeted with enthusiastic laughter and gurgles of delight as Quinn spotted his absent parents.
The next day, the family boarded Slater’s jet plane back to the States. Suffering from jet lag, an exhausted Swan climbed into the large bed in a small room located at the back of the plane. Meanwhile, Slater entertained Quinn until he, too, fell totally “pooped” into his daddy’s lap.

CHAPTER 46

After arriving home from Europe, the next few weeks were a whirlwind as Slater wanted a wedding before the holidays began. That didn’t leave a lot of time to plan. They agreed that the ceremony would take place on the lush grassy lawn of the Beverly Hills Bel Air Hotel. It would be outside with the manicured flowers that overlooked a small lake with a bevy of white swans. The wedding would take place among the deep pink bougainvillea that hung over lattices and rafters intertwining over any cover they could reach throughout the grounds. In abundance were roses and tiger lilies in every direction that would be part of the backdrop as well.
The guest list would be about one hundred and could have had a P.S. that said, “Only the young, beautiful, and wealthy may attend.” The guest list consisted of Swan’s closest friends and acquaintances from the world of modeling. Slater had his buddies and business acquaintances from all over the world, which included a prince from a small remote country and Dog with his many stunning mistresses.
The day of the wedding, everyone looked surreal with their exotic and glamorous beauty. It was a heaven for the rich, famous, and lovely in their entire magnificent splendor; however, the most exquisite of all was the lovely Swan in her champagne silk white crystal beaded gown.
Swan’s wedding dress hugged her figure with all the pleats, tucks, and glamour that Vera Wang could create. Each bead caught the glimmer of the evening sunset that made her sparkle like an elegant fairy princess as she walked down the satin aisle that was covered with red and pink rose petals.
Swan’s hair was in a sleek up-do with tendrils softly framing her face. The bride’s veil was tucked under a crown of diamonds and pearls. Diamond studs with pearl droplets hung from her ears, another gift from her husband to be. The veil was handmade to match her dress with the finest of Belgium lace that trailed dramatically twenty feet behind her.
Quinn was hoping to ride on the veil down the aisle and was disappointed that that would not be happening. He was consoled to find out that he would get to be the best man and would get to wear a tux just like his daddy.
Swan was walked down the bridal path by Uncle Teddy who preened at being the center of attention with Swan as he presented her to Slater. Slater stood holding Quinn in his arms with the minister in his white robe at the front. He stood glowing with delight as his “soon to be” wife in all her elegance walked down the aisle towards him.
Ted hugged Swan as Slater handed Quinn to him. Swan also gave him her bouquet of pink roses, lavender lilies, and bird of paradise to hold much to his delight as well. Then, the ceremony proceeded.
As soon as they were pronounced man and wife, Slater bent Swan over one arm in a very mushy kiss. After that, the violin quartet began playing, while each guest simultaneously opened the box that they had been given. Much to the delight of Quinn, colorful butterflies flew out of the boxes giving the atmosphere an array of rainbow confetti as they disbursed in all different directions.
Lastly, the happy couple was greeted with kisses, hugs, and warm wishes. Ted waited until he saw a chance to enthusiastically give the groom a flaming hug, which he did so with much gusto. Slater graciously accepted the gesture, but mused that a simple handshake would have covered it.
After the wedding, Swan and Slater flew in their private jet to the Sandal’s clear blue ocean island. There, they took a daily swim frolicking in their birthday suits with the playful dolphins. Snorkeling was a part of their afternoon ritual where they saw colorful yellow, orange, and blue salt-water fish. They watched an octopus float along the ocean floor. Stingrays glided under their feet. They often saw turtles mating, which brought them back to their own hideaway to practice their own mating ritual without interruptions.
Cool evening breezes with champagne cocktails were enjoyed under the sky at night as it sparkled with a thousand jewels before retiring to their secluded bungalow on stilts surrounded by warm ocean water. There, they explored and learned about each other as there was no limit to their joy of love-making in this place called Paradise.

CHAPTER 47

Returning from their honeymoon, Quinn and Swan made a temporary move to Slater’s bachelor pad as it was much larger than Swan’s condo. Maria remained in Swan’s condo and would join them when they found a home with a neighborhood filled with preschoolers and young children. She would continue to be part of their family and to be Quinn’s babysitter whenever Swan and Troy would have late evenings out or needed some “alone” time. It seemed like an accommodating and happy situation for all. 
Quinn loved the idea of several overnight adventures in Slater’s home. He immediately decided that Caesar was his new playmate and was sure that he was his very own personal horsy. Caesar was only too happy to have a playing companion and off they went. Quinn darted from room to room exploring. He was especially enumerated with the floor to ceiling aquarium headboard in the bedroom. He squealed and clapped his hands with delight when he saw the orange and white clown fish. He knew that he had found the Disney Nemo. That discovery and the starfish stuck to the side of the glass kept him occupied and entertained until it was time to go to bed.
Before bedtime, Quinn decided that he wanted to go shopping for an “aquardum” of his very own. He insisted that they go, “Right now!”
When Slater explained that the stores had gone to bed for the night, it was then that Quinn initiated his first tantrum with a total meltdown. Helpless and indulgent parents finally promised him an aquarium with a baby Nemo of his very own before he would settled down. They quickly learned as most parents do that a bribe usually works. The next day, however, Slater went to Borders and bought a book to educate himself on better parenting skills.

CHAPTER 48

The next week was Halloween. Quinn would be going to a Halloween party at preschool and one at Madeline and Bear’s. He knew that when Daddy came home that the big day of picking out a costume for the party event had arrived. He rushed to the door and flew into his daddy’s waiting arms. Then, he flew back to the bedroom to get Mommy. It wasn’t long before they were roaring down the highway to the nearest Wal-Mart. 
Once they were in the store, Quinn immediately zeroed in on the Superman costume. At that, Slater bulked and flatly stated, “No boy of his was going to be running around in red tights!” With that, Quinn’s bottom lip began to quiver. He wrapped himself around his mommy’s leg and wouldn’t look at Daddy. Ten minutes later they were walking out of the local Wal-Mart with Quinn on Slater’s shoulders and the Superman costume under his arm. A chagrined Slater realized that he had just given Quinn his first lesson from his father on how to be a pussy. 
As Slater began putting Quinn to bed, Quinn insisted on sleeping in his Superman costume. So, it took a little longer to get him calmed down for sleep time. Meanwhile, Swan was getting into her own costume. While Slater had been distracted with the whole Superman episode, Swan had been picking out a costume for herself. She had decided on a witch’s costume that she discreetly paid for and put into her purse. Going into their bedroom, she plunked the black pointed hat on her head, stepped into the black sequined strapless top that showed a generous amount of bosom, and a short little black skirt that looked a little like a tutu with black netting that made it stand out. Under the tutu, she wore black thong panties. She skipped the pencil strait skirt that was normally worn under the over-shirt. She then proceeded to put on the thigh high black and orange-stripped stockings with black satin bows on each side. She completed her ensemble with ankle strap black heels and a fluffy black boa. 
Slater was in the living room in the process of fixing himself a drink when a CD started playing “That Old Black Magic” and Swan walked into the room swinging her hips in invitation. He paused in the middle of bringing the scotch to his lips the moment Swan sundered over to the fireplace and struck a sexy pose. 
“What do you think?” she asked in a husky voice as she slowly turned in a circle.
Slater immediately began to salivate with the sight of her near naked buns and pink nibbles falling out of the top. Putting a forgotten drink on the nearest table, he picked her up and took her directly into the bedroom where he proceeded to show his approval.
The next day was the Halloween party at Madeline and Bear’s home. By the time the Slater’s arrived, ghouls and monsters already filled their backyard with young children running amok and enjoying the Halloween activities. It took only five seconds for Quinn to join in the ruckus and start acting silly with the rest of the preschoolers.
Slater was relieved that his kid wasn’t the only one dressed in a Superman costume and red tights. Swan wore her witch outfit with the knee length skirt now attached. A row of boa feathers was added to the skimpy top so Slater wouldn’t divorce her. After a little discussion, Slater reluctantly agreed to wear a black t-shirt that Swan had purchased with the words COSTUME printed across the front. All during the party and every time Swan looked at him, he had his arms crossed over his chest suspiciously looking like he was trying to be incognito with a plain black t-shirt.
The party ended early as it was beginning to be bedtime for eleven cranky children that were so high on sugar that they could have flown home on their own. All the adults were happy because they had indulged in the alcoholic beverages and they were now looking forward to their own private parties after the kids were tucked in bed.
Unfortunately, half of the little trick or treaters ended-up in Mommy and Daddy’s beds as they each had developed a sudden ghastly fear of ghosts, goblins, and skeletons. Quinn was no exception. A disgruntled Slater finally slept with Quinn plastered on one side and Swan on the other, but not before he pondered the thought as he drifted off that he had just been out maneuvered by a three-year-old in red tights!

CHAPTER 49

In November, Slater decided to take the family on a surprise visit to Metropolis, Illinois---home of Superman. They toured all the local Superman spots and ended up at the Metropolis Superman drugstore for a soda and a sundae. Quinn immediately found a Superman figure in the toy section that he could not do without.  After studying his toy as he ate his cheese sandwich and mini-malt, he suddenly realized that Superman did not have on RED tights, he had on BLUE tights! Before they left, Slater with a moan was reaching into his billfold to buy BLUE tights and a “shit load” of other Superman paraphernalia that Swan found at the back of the store. Swan left happy, Quinn certainly left happy, and Slater was happy thinking about how he wanted Swan to reward him for their happiness.

CHAPTER 50

Slater was sleeping soundly when he became too full alert with a groan from Swan. She was now five months pregnant. She was in a constant state of nausea and Slater was beginning to be concerned. The mornings usually began with a barf in the toilet.
Today was the day that they were going for a sonogram that would give the health and the sex of the baby. They both were more than a little excited and anxious for the results. Slater intended to be right there for the entire procedure holding Swan’s hand and giving her any support that she needed. Pulling her into his protective arms, he felt the first movement of his baby child. That brought him a smile and reassurance that life was proceeding normally.
Swan was restlessly trying to surface to the morning sun, but she was having a nightmare. There was so much blood that it was beginning to cover her feet. Billy Branson was minus his t-shirt. He was laughing, laughing, laughing. His gang of ghouls was doing the same. Swan had crossed over into hell as she could feel herself being torn apart and going deeper into the depths of the inferno. Suddenly, a familiar voice began to call her name. She climbed back to the soothing tones of Slater, the present, and the sanity of reality.
Swan was covered with perspiration. Her silk nightgown was wet. After reassuring himself that Swan was all right, Slater stripped her of her nightgown, picked her up, and together slipped their naked bodies under the warm spray of the shower.
Swan was almost listless as the hot water ran across her shoulders and over her tummy. Slater began to message her shoulders. Picking up a bar of lavender soap, he started to rub it over her back and down her buttock. It wasn’t long before they had wondered around the front to her plump round breasts. With very little urging from Slater the soft peaks responded to become stiff points. By the time they finished their shower, the dreadful nightmare of Billy Branson and his bullies were history.
Swan and Slater went through their morning rituals and soon were headed for the obstetrician’s office. Swan soon finished her sonogram. They were now sitting in the doctor’s office. Swan sensed something was wrong. Even the usual cool Slater was fidgeting in his leather chair. Swan’s stomach refused to settle down. She was just about to throw-up in the waste paper basket when the doctor walked into the office. Slater held Swan’s hand in two of his own.
Slater’s jaw clenched as a frowning Dr. Ray read over the results of the sonogram in silence. Having just given some bad news to another patient, the doctor was having a little trouble switching gears and turning his emotions into a happy face. He looked up at the sober faces of the young parents facing him and smiled.
“Everything seems to be developing normally. The babies look perfectly healthy.”
A shroud of silence encompassed the office before Slater asked for a repeat, “Excuse me. What did you just say?”
“You’re going to be the proud parents of two baby girls in early summer.’’
That brought a slow dimpled smile to Slater. It was difficult to tell if Swan were smiling as she had her head in the trash can, again.
Both parents were jubilant at the good news. Not only were their babies healthy, but there would soon be twins extending their family. Slater walked around the next week with such a sappy grin on his face that Swan finally suggested they put their energy into making arrangements for double duty.
It was exciting for Swan to share her happiness with their father this time. The delight of picking out baby furniture and the fanciest perambulators that Slater could find was the fun part. In spite of the apprehension of a double birth, Swan was consoled with the love of her husband and the contentment of having future daughters.
One evening as the birthing was growing near, Slater watched Swan cover her tummy and long limbs with baby oil. He was fascinated with her growing pregnancy. She just kept getting sexier and sexier with each month. He just kept getting hornier and hornier as the time approached. Swan was in the last month of her trimester. It was strongly suggested by the doctor that all relations cease at this time. Just the thought was enough to make Slater have a “hard on”. After observing Swan’s ritual for the past five minutes, it looked like just too much fun not to join the oil bath. He would make her happy and he would take care of his happiness later.
Swan woke several times in the middle of the night as her due date approached. This time she knew it was different. The babies were having a party and wanted her to wake up and attend. After lying very still for a few minutes, she got the first cramp that indicated the birthing was near and they wanted out! The next cramp came five minutes later. By the time she woke Slater, they had dressed, alerted Maria, and were in the car, her water had broken and the cramping was one minute a part.
When they were almost to the hospital, Swan gently put her hand on Slater and suggested that they pull over to the side of the road as the babies were coming. Slater crossed three lanes of traffic, dodged two SUVs, and one patrol car before he came to a screeching halt in a nearby parking lot. Swan was trying not to get hysterical and so was Slater as Jade’s head popped out followed by Jasmine. By that time, the patrol car had called an ambulance, which was very little help as it arrived ten minutes later with flashing lights. The entire family was loaded into the ambulance where they zoomed off to the nearby hospital and were soon checked out by the emergency room physician.
Finally, after his girls were settled into the maternity ward of the hospital, Slater headed for the men’s bathroom. When he looked in the mirror and saw all the blood from Swan and the babies that covered his arms and shirt, his stomach did a flip-flop. Combining the blood with the compromising position of birth outside of a hospital that could have ended in a tragic nightmare, it was Slater’s turn to hurl in the nearest available toilet.

CHAPTER 51

Slater looked down at his baby girls. They each had a little tuff of red hair and fine delicate features. He knew they were going to take after the great beauty of their mother. They would be heart breakers. He smiled and then frowned at the idea of another man in their lives. He was already jealous. But, until that time came, they would be his special princesses and he knew that he would spoil them rotten.
Two days later, they brought the twins home from the hospital. Quinn was excited about the new baby dolls. He knew that it was a special and sobering event. He reached out and touched Jade with awe. She immediately waved her little hand as if to say “hi” in greeting. Jasmine, not to be “out done” began to hiccup. That brought laughter from all of them. 
Quinn celebrated the newest members of the family with two special fish given to him by Mommy and Daddy for his aquarium. It was not by chance that they were both angel fish--one green, the color of jade, and the other yellow, the color of jasmine. Before Quinn went to bed that night, he made sure that Caesar knew it was his job to protect his baby sisters from all harm. They were the same instructions that he heard his daddy give to Caesar every night as he lay down beside Quinn’s bed.
By this time, Slater had sold his high-rise condo and they had found a high-income gated community with lots of young children. It was located in Newport Beach not far from Slater’s business building. It was three stories high with their favorite view of Catalina. It looked down on a kidney shaped heated pool and spa. The sandy beach was beyond that. A sauna was nearby with an outside kitchen and swim up bar.
There were two nurseries equipped with every mobile that was available hanging from the dome ceiling. Each baby room ceiling was painted a light blue with white fluffy clouds. Jade had a painted mural of Little Bo Peep and Jasmine had one of Cinderella. Jade’s room was a pale green and Jasmine’s was a pale yellow. Both had lots of accents of pink plaid and roses.
Quinn’s room was between the girls giving him the status of the protector of his little sisters. His room had a mural of “Under the Sea”. A life size portrait of a deep-sea diver walked along the ocean floor. The face inside the mask was a replica of Quinn’s. (Bo Peep and Cinderella would have the portrait faces of Jade and Jasmine as they grew older.) A treasure chest accompanied the diver on the ocean floor. A little Nemo peeked out behind the lid. His ceiling glowed with stars in the dark when the light was out; also, flying in the sky off to the plant of Krypton was a beloved Superman. All the rooms had their own private bath. Mom and Dad were just across the hall.
Outside the bedrooms was a common area. There was a flat screen TV, two computers, facing couches, and a marble fireplace.  There were French doors on each side of the fireplace that led out to a wrap-around balcony. This is where they had family time, read books, and played games.
The third floor of the house had been converted into a playroom for adults and children. There was a stage at one end for plays and creative performances. Fireplaces were at each end of the room with a 70-inch flat screen TVs above each one. One end was filled with preschool toys that were fun and educational. The other end had a pool table, ping pong table, hockey table, and every electronic game/video that was available for adults. Another corner had a red telephone booth. In it was a life-size model of guess who---Superman. It was sort of like an adult playground. It also contained an intercom that reached all areas of the house. It had a couple of back stairways to the bedrooms and kitchen hearth room. However, the quickest route to the first floor was a tunnel slide that was frequently used by both Quinn and Slater.
This evening, a “Sip and See” party was being held tonight to show off the new darlings of the Slater household after their christening at an old small chapel. Two cribs with pink netting, bonnets, ruffles, and ribbons were set up in the great room of the elegant small mansion. Above the cribs were small rhinestone diamond tiaras held in place with ribbons and bows. Unbeknown to practical Swan, Slater had a real full carat imbedded in each crown. He wanted to make sure that he was the first man in their lives to buy them diamonds.
Each twin had on a long fine cotton gown that had been smocked and hand embroidered with tiny rose buds that somehow seemed to match the babies tiny pink rose bud lips. Little capped sleeves were surrounded with lace and pink ribbons. Slater, surprisingly found himself right at home in all that ribbon and lace.
Swan appeared in a black velvet strapless long evening gown with a fishtail flounce at the bottom--her figure back to the exquisite shape of B.C. (Before Children). Around her neck was a necklace of diamonds that would have put the Queen Mum’s jewels to shame. It was Slater’s biggest joy to pamper and indulge Swan in every way possible that she had never experienced before he came into her life. He loved her with all his heart and he intended to devote a lifetime of treating her like a queen.
The party was small and eminent with only their closest friends who substituted for the family that neither Swan nor Slater had ever had. Kat came with musical kitty “kats” for the twins and a howling “kat” for Quinn. She doled out hugs and kisses and soon was on the prowl with a martini in her hand.
Kat liked to test the waters at all parties by catching the attention of any handsome male that caught her fancy. It was what she enjoyed and did best. She sauntered over to Bear who soon found himself engaged in an entertaining monologue with Kat. His wife, Mahogany, caught the not too subtle flirtation that Kat was sending to Bear. Her eyes narrowed as she watched the female cougar and was just about to jaunt over to defend her territory.
Bear was quite enjoying the attention that he was receiving from Kat until he caught the vibes of a seething glare of a not too happy wife. He decided that it would be best to excuse himself and meander back to his steaming wife before a “kat” fight broke out between the two women. The female prowler was aptly named he thought as he found his way next to the side of his lovely wife where he belonged.
Meanwhile, Kat indulged herself until she found a tomcat, named Dog. He was always happy to oblige a lovely woman whenever he had the opportunity and this evening was not any different. Since Dog was happily unattached, in spite of his commitment to his mistresses, he often indulged in brief affairs. He was a cheerful James Bond who continued to enjoy danger, intrigue, and available women.
Dog had brought double dollies for each twin from all over the world where his families lived. They represented the countries of China, France, Morocco, Italy, and Japan. 
Lillet brought two magnum Lillet red and white wines with sterling rattles encircling the neck of each bottle. Lillet’s lovely great grandmother had been chosen to be the poster model for Lillet wine. She had originally been in the Foleys as a showgirl. From there, the great magnate and connoisseur of French wine whom she eventually married picked her from the line-up. Her gorgeous great grandmother became the toast of Lillet appearing on wine labels and huge posters that can still be found today in liquor and vintage poster shops. 
When Lillet’s grandmother had her first baby girl, she was baptized, Lillet. The tradition continued as each generation produced a female child. The most recent Lillet was number four, the second child of Lillet, Swan’s friend.
Madeline brought 36 inch Madeline dolls from London. This was her namesake and was always given by anyone having a girl baby. Of course, each large doll also received a complete Madeline wardrobe and a dozen Madeline books for their library. 
Uncle Teddy came with talking/walking teddy bears for the children that he would never have and a dozen white roses for Swan. He hovered over the twins until they awoke. Uncle Teddy immediately had them in each arm and was showing them off to all the guests. As Jade and then Jasmine began a fussy little howl, Slater and Swan scooped them from Ted’s arms and retired to a private den to nurse.
Slater rarely missed a feeding. He was fascinated with the way each twin latched on to Swan’s nipple and began nursing with such serious attachment. He was also happy to stimulate Swan’s breast if milk were not coming fast enough for his baby princesses. After all, it was the least he could do to help.
Swan and Slater retired early with the twins and Quinn, but the christening party continued until dawn. The mansion remained open for any guest that chose to spend the night. It was a playground for adults. The guys, especially, were intrigued. Rooms were available for whomever chose to spend the night, which included most of the guests. Brunch with champagne was served late the next morning. Some guests made it and others did not appear until late afternoon. It was a great celebration and a very happy time for the Slater household.

CHAPTER 52

The three lovely friends of Swan--Kat, Lillet, and Madeline--were jetted to Chicago for a ladies day of shopping and celebration. The four beautiful women were gathered for Swan’s birthday around an elegant table in the middle of the Ralph Lauren restaurant in the windy city. Fresh flowers on white tablecloths graced each table. A large stain glass dome ceiling enveloped the main dining room. The walls were painted a dark green with reflecting beveled mirrors giving it a cozy warm atmosphere. Each man in the restaurant engaged in a fantasy about the woman of their choice as they watched them through pillars and palms, bring their glasses together in a happy celebration. They couldn’t quite catch the toast of “chocolate studs”, but the classy ladies made them happy just by their laughter and beauty.
A year had passed and the tradition of lunch and birthdays continued. This year, however, was much different for Swan. She knew that she was finally the woman that she had always dreamed to be--a loved wife and mother with devoted friends. She was secure in the love around her. She no longer had nightmares of the past. They were not even significant enough to remember.
Swan and Slater established a foundation for the blind. They are committed to pouring several millions of dollars yearly into research to genetically create eyesight for those that cannot see. Scientists from all over the world were eager to be part of the team that was provided with unlimited funds for research. It was a dream world for the sightless that eventually would come from all over the world to restore their sight. Rich or poor, no one was turned away.
Swan and the champagne ladies are actively involved in fund raising and national awareness for research for the blind. Their energy has been well rewarded.

CHAPTER 53

Swan and Slater had just crawled into bed when Swan asked, “When did you know you loved me?”
“Babe, you had my heart the first night we made love.”
After all the difficult beginnings in Swan’s growing-up years, she finally felt wanted and at peace with the love that encompassed her. She went to sleep with a smile in her heart. She was confident that she would always be adored and cherished as Slater pulled her close into his arms showing her how much he needed and wanted her.
Slater no longer had wanderlust. Danger and intrigue no longer interest him. He was content to be a devoted family man. He finally understood the most important lesson of life. It was not in living an exciting existence, but in the daily ritual of being part of a loving family unit was the true adventure in itself.
The Slater household was a very happy family. Well, ---almost. The blended family pets, Cleopatra and Caesar, were still having a period of adjustment. As history tells it, the original Caesar and Cleopatra did not exactly “hit it off” immediately either. Neither four-legged animal seemed to fully appreciate the fact that they could be living with each other for a very long time. The last scenario had them giving each other a hypnotic stare down. Caesar was just a few feet away from Cleopatra waiting for a slight signal that would goad him into action. Cleopatra continued to sit on her leopard throne chair beside the fireplace. She superiorly crouched there twitching her tail back and forth looking down her nose at “The Great Caesar”. She seemed to be daring him to come hither and, “Make my day.” A few minutes later, Caesar accommodated. When the cat/dog fight ended, Cleopatra was smiling. She remained queen.

Recipe for Champagne Cocktails
One Champagne Flute
One Sugar Cube
4-5 Drops of Bitters
Champagne
Put sugar cube in flute. Add Bitters.  Add Champagne.

Thank you for buying and reading my book.  I hope you were entertained and enjoyed it.  I would really appreciate any feedback as a new author by rating, reviewing and or liking my book at: http://amzn.to/Qdg7GW
You can join me on facebook at:  http://on.fb.me/PMvcyN 
You can follow me on Twitter at: https://twitter.com/SuellenRomance
Other Books by Suellen Smith “Forever Lovers”  http://bitly.com/1DNHVFR


Preview of Chapters 1-3 from my book “Platinum and Pearls” 

CHAPTER 1
 	Viva Las Vegas! It was the summer of 2010 and Platinum had graduated from high school four years ago in Three Lakes, a small town located in the boot heel of Missouri. It was time to pursue her dream of bright colorful lights, fancy exotic costumes, and the razzel-dazzel allure of glamorous Las Vegas, the city that would make her imaginative fantasy come true. She just knew she would be a fabulous showgirl on a magnificent stage with all the elaborate flaming feathers and twinkling sparkling fans where she would meet all kinds of interesting and exhilarating worldly people. She was waiting no longer. Today was the time she was going to pursue that dream and make it become a reality.
	Platinum was in the process of packing her old, but reliable, gray two-door Chevy for her Las Vegas adventure. She was leaving this quiet retirement community of rambling hills where she had lived with her elderly grandma for over fourteen years and whom she dearly loved. Grams had taken her in after her train wreck of a mom killed herself in a car accident. She’d never been much of a mother as she was too busy downing pills, booze, and looking for loser boyfriends. Sadly, she wasn’t much of a loss.
	Platinum had worked at the boring local drug store for the past four years after graduation. She had saved her money and it was past time that she flew the coop of this Ozark community to make a more glamorous life for her future close to a university. The University of Las Vegas was the ideal place of choice for her ambitious adventures and future degree.
	 Grandma Ruby watched with sadness as Platinum packed her car, gathered up her cat, Boo, and got ready to embark on her new chapter of life. She understood Platinum’s boredom and restlessness. She knew she had to let go and give her a chance to find own her way, but LAS VEGAS – known for its sinfulness and trash! She shook her head.
	Platinum hugged her Gram, “Love you! See you at Christmas.”
	Gram hugged her back. “Love you, too.” She watched mournfully as Platinum’s old gray Chevy roared to life and left with a belch of smoke, disappearing from view among the indigenous green foliage and native wild flowers. Grandma Ruby immediately went into her bedroom, grabbed a scarf, and walked across the street to a white steeple church. There, she lit a candle for her granddaughter’s soul. Sadly, it would be the last time they would see each other.
CHAPTER 2
	 Platinum meandered her way across the beautiful state of Missouri, being entertained by the panorama of the lush Ozarks. It was a typical Ozarky sunshiny day. But, entertainment was not just in the surrounding nature. There was also plenty of trailer trash, yard art, billboards advertising fireworks, Branson shows, and Ozark boating. Strip and gentlemen clubs seemed to be in abundance. She thought about stopping to gather some much needed experience, but nixed that illusion almost immediately. Too risky –  might just end up there for the rest of her life. She was probably right.
	Half way to Kansas City, Platinum dodged a line of tourist cars waiting to enter Bridal Cave, a few wave runners attached to the backs of pick-up trucks, and an occasional TV dinner splattered in the middle of the road that awaited the anxious turkey vultures circling overhead in the clear blue sky and beyond. Other than that, it was a relaxing drive. The only stop she made was at a roadside stand for a sack of peaches.
	While Platinum drove, she thought briefly about her life in high school when her glorious hair became a detriment rather than an asset. Platinum didn’t like the attention that the boys gave her with their silly hoots and hollers; neither did the other girls around town. For Platinum, the boys were annoying and the girls plain jealous and hateful. So, she cut and dyed her hair black, wore baggie pants and shirts to hide her lush growing figure, bought dark purple lipstick, pierced an eyebrow, and gave the appearance of Goth. The boys in this clean cut small “Ozarky” town soon began to lose interest with her and so did the girls. It suited Platinum just fine. Her best buddies became her computer and a stray black cat, named Boo.
	 Evening was approaching when Platinum finally reached her first destination –  Kansas City. She stopped at a nearby Motel 6, spent the night, and started out fresh the next morning as she zoomed across the state of Kansas on I-70. By nightfall, after avoiding a few stray antelope jumping across the interstate, she saw the Rocky Mountains.
 CHAPTER 3
	Twenty-four hours later, it was getting late and the sun had long disappeared from behind the violet desert plains. Platinum was driving in the cool desolate sandbox sprinkled with sparse vegetation and the dry breeze blowing through her hair when at the bottom of the skyline a glow began to appear. Her excitement began to escalate when she saw the faint soft illumination of glamorous purple, bright orange, and hot pink lights in the distance as they appeared in rainbow colors on the midnight horizon. It seemed forever before she finally reached the heart of the city with all its razzle, dazzle, glitz, and glamor of blinking colorful neon lights. She was not disappointed by what she saw.
	Holy shit, the Las Vegas Strip was magnificent! Platinum thought. Flashing signs were everywhere, trying to catch the eye of any weary tourist or gambler, mesmerizing and beckoning. They were usually extremely successful with their titillating and teasing tactics. Advertising agencies were paid the big bucks to make them so.
	Platinum was not immune to the hypnotic lure of the Las Vegas blinking lights either. She was just as captivated by the flashing “blinging” signage as everyone else. In fact, she could hardly contain her excitement that was bottled in anticipation as she immediately found the nearest parking lot. After feeding Boo, she locked him in the car, cracked a window for cool desert air, and began her tour of the sandy city as she ate a fresh bagel from a street vendor along with her last peach from the Ozark stand.
	Platinum wandered in and out of casinos until the morning sun rays began peeking over the eastern horizon, fading from the land of Tinsel Town, the biggest amusement park for adults in the world. It left behind not quite such a glamorous early morning daytime city, but it was not a detraction for Platinum with her rose colored glasses perched on the end of her nose. It was also easy to ignore Grams prediction of doom. That's why the sights and sounds combined together as they entangled themselves around her soul, hoping to own this beautiful new woman and make her one of their own.  It was as if it were their job to prey upon the innocent and unsuspecting.
	Anxious to begin her new life, Platinum checked her computer to make sure the duplex she spotted last week was still available.  It was just right for her budget and about fifteen minutes from the black heart of the city. It was sparsely furnished, the perfect size for her needs and funds with a sleazy landlord anxious to rent as soon as she could move in, which was that afternoon. It did not take long to make it her own home.
	Exploring Las Vegas for the next few days was a blast. It was so full of all kinds of people, beginning with the bus loads of senior citizens in their white tennis shoes and fanny packs, tourists that came from a variety of different countries, families with children, and professional gamblers. A few prostitutes loitered somewhat discreetly on some of the disreputable side streets. Platinum vowed she'd go back home and work at K-Mart before she'd follow their lead.
	The entire town seemed to own a boat load of Elvis Presleys. They all wanted to be the impersonator of The King. Some actually worked at the casinos while others were just hoping to be discovered. After a while, Platinum decided most everyone in Tinsel Town wanted to live their dream. Who was she to pass judgment?
	Platinum wandered into a small casino called The Shining Star tuning out the noise of the humming and dinging of the slot machines that surrounded her. She grabbed a coke and sat down feeling discouraged before she devoted her attention to the middle-aged Elvis who was so over weight that he had to sit in a chair on the stage to sing, but boy could he sing.
	A couple of weeks had passed since Platinum had landed on the playground of Las Vegas. She had applied at various casinos for a showgirl audition. So far, disappointingly, she hadn't gotten a break. No one was beating down her door for a tryout.
	 The city didn't seem quite so exciting any more. Platinum started to notice the trash in the streets, the women with too much makeup trying to disguise the years that had taken their youth, gamblers with empty pockets, mistresses on the arm of old guys, worn out carpeting, dusty chandeliers, burned out lights in blinking signage and so on.
	 Elvis waddled over to Platinum's table with a lot difficulty. She always appreciated it when he did that as she knew he did so with much effort. That's how she knew the first time she met him that he was going to be a good friend.
	Platinum remembered her first encounter with Elvis was about the third time that she'd popped into The Shining Star. She'd done so a couple of times to grab a bagel and listen to Elvis sing that first week she was in town. After a few visits, the bouncer from the Shining Star came strutting over to her, “You a hooker?”
	Mortified, Platinum just shook her head.
	“Well, move on anyway,” he replied with suspicion in his voice.
	That was the first time she'd met Elvis. He came over huffing and puffing. 	“She's a friend of mine, Ed.”
	“Then why haven't I seen her before?” Ed narrowed his eyes like he knew he was lying.
	“Because she just got in town, that's why,” Elvis said, ready to challenge him if necessary. Ed knew better than to press.
	Elvis had liked the little girl with the big green eyes the minute he saw her. When she listened to him sing, she really listened. He knew she came in to hear him croon. Most people just ignored him while they played their slot machines like he was a tape playing over the loud speaker.
	“I've heard some tryouts might be going on at Harrah's,” Elvis was anxious to tell Platinum. “You might give it a try. If you can't find any information, ask the bartenders, they know everything.”
	 News and gossip travels fast among the underworld of entertainers trying to help each other out. Platinum knew she didn't have time to waste.
	Platinum immediately jumped up, hugging him, “Thanks, Elvis, I'll check it out.” she said as she headed down the street to Harrah's a few blocks away.
	Platinum went straight to the business office of the casino. Sure enough no one seemed to know a thing about showgirl tryouts. She asked the nearest bartender if he knew anything about tryouts like Elvis had told her to do if she wanted information. Elvis was right. The bartender suggested she checkout the bulletin board in the woman's restroom. Sure enough, she found a bulletin board in the woman's bathroom that was having a cattle call for all “wannabe” showgirls tomorrow morning. Finally, she got her first break.
	By the next day, Platinum was in her skin tight leotard at the showgirl studio of Harrah’s with a bevy of other hopefuls. The spots were limited.  She observed that all the hopeful young woman seem to come from all walks of life – educated and not, wholesome middle class families and not, married and not, worldly and not, but all young, beautiful and wishful women. They shared a common denominator of the same dreams of excitement, enthusiasm, and adventure to the alluring thrill of what they imagined the city that never sleeps had to offer. Little did they realize that the city was built on shifting quick sand and was much too superficial and unreliable to ever build a dream upon – even little ones.
	Platinum was one of the lucky ones or so she thought. She got one of the opening spots. She was given three days to be trained the walk and dance routine with 8 lbs. of heavy costume head and ten pounds of costume body, which was totally inconceivable since it contained so little material. It was a good thing she was a quick learner, but she was beginning to wonder if she were being trained for desert commando as she strutted under the hot lights wearing heavy armory disguised in sequins, stays, and iron straps making the girls' boobs stand up and look perky.
	Platinum only saw Elvis a few times after that last afternoon. He died a few months later. They said it was a heart attack – ate too much, needed to lose weight. By the time she found out about his death, she'd missed his funeral. She never knew his real name. It made her sad. It truly would have broken her heart if she'd known he had died because he was her friend…..

Here’s the link to instantly download “Platinum and Pearls”  http://amzn.to/1GSPkbh 


About the Author
Suellen received a degree in teaching with a minor in speech and English. She has taught grades 1-12. She is married and the mother of a boy and girl. Suellen's artistic talents can be found in the book, Cow Parade Kansas City under "Miss Liberty Moomorial". She shares the same revolutionary ancestor, Captain David Bowles, with Barack Obama. 

