CHANGING DIRECTION
By
Thabi Majabula
Published by Thabi Majabula at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 Thabi Majabula
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed, this book, please encourage yourfriends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com. Thank you for your support.

This is a work of fiction. The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarities to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental and not intended by the author.

Cover design by TLL Khumalo.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
EPILOGUE
CHAPTER ONE

“Is Ma out?” asked Bazi. Someone made a pained sound, someone else gasped, and Baba coughed. Kele gave him some water. Bazi noticed that Buti was looking at her malevolently.
“Have I said something wrong?” she asked.
“Why did you have to ask that question? You should mid your won business,” he said. Bazi gaped at him in shock.
“She has a right to know,” said Baba. Buti left the hut, then his two wives and their guest followed him. Kele looked between Bazi and Baba, then she left as well.
Bazi realised that Baba was avoiding her eyes. There was a long moment of silence. Baba finally looked at Bazi.
“Your mother left,” he said.
“She left?”
“She packed her bags, and left. Not long afterwards, I heard that she's living with another man.”
“No!” gasped Bazi.
“It's true.”
“When did this happen?'
“Seven years ago.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Neither do I. Everything was fine, the next thing I know, we're enkundleni, and your mother wants the marriage dissolved. She refused to give a reason, but she threatened to kill herself if she was forced to come back here. No pleading from my family or hers would get her to come back. I didn't know then, but I know now, that she had another man.”
“Ma wouldn't do that!”
“She did, Bazilile. I know the man she’s with now, we drink together sometimes, at MaZondo's.”
“No!” They were quiet for a while, and then Baba left. 
Kele entered the hut soon afterwards. Bazi told her what Baba had said.
“It’s not possible. Ma wouldn't leave, not for no reason. She's not like that,” said Bazi.
MaSithole, Butis' first wife, and MaMzizi, the young guest, returned to the hut, bringing food. MaGumede, Buti’s second wife, brought hand-washing water. Buti and Baba returned. They washed their hands, then the women were given water to wash their hands. Bazi could not eat.
After the meal, she and Buti went to his hut.
“Where’s Ma?” she asked.
“Didn’t Baba tell you?”
“It's hard to believe.”
“It's true.”
“What went wrong?”
“Nothing, she just left. She made Baba a laughing stock. I never would have believed that my own mother would do something like that.”
“Where is she?” 
“What's it to you?”
“I want to know.”
“It’s no concern of yours. She hurt Baba. We owe him our loyalty, that woman means nothing to us anymore.”
“She's still our Ma.”
“I'm through with her, you should be too. She destroyed our family.”
“Where is she?”
“None of your business.”
“It is my business!”
“Stay out of what doesn’t concern you.”
“This concerns me.”
“It should have concerned you enough to make you visit her often, then you'd have talked her out of leaving.”
“Baba sent me away!”
“Then stay out of his affairs!” Buti said, then he left. Bazi walked slowly out of his hut.
“Are you alright?” asked Kele.
“No.”
“What's wrong?”
“I need to find Ma.”
“Where is she?”
“Baba and Buti won't tell me. I'll ask the neighbours. Do you want to come with me?”
“Of course.” They set off towards the gate.
“Aunty, are you leaving?” asked Ma Sithole.
“We're just going for a walk,” said Bazi.
“Are you going far? I't sjust that your brother said we should slaughter a goat for you.”
“Don't worry, we’ll be back in time to enjoy it.”
As Bazi and Kele walked, they met several people who were surprised to see Bazi, as they had been under the impression that she had died.
“How far are we going?” asked Kele.
“We'll be there soon, darling,” said Bazi, taking Kele's hand in hers. After a while, Kele asked again if they were almost there. Again, Bazi said that they would be there soon.
When they arrived at their destination, Kele sat on the ground at the gate, exhausted.
“Come on, darling,” said Bazi, drawing her to her feet. They went into the homestead. They were greeted by a teenage girl, who then took them to sit in the shade of a hut, while she went to find her grandmother. Kele sat down gratefully, and closed her eyes, sighing. Bazi sat beside her. They heard approaching footseps.
“Bazilile? Bazilile, it is you!” said a woman in her sixties. Bazi stood and hugged her.
“We heard you’d died,” said the woman.
“I’m very much alive. How are you?” asked Bazi.
“Alright, let’s sit down. Who is this?” asked the woman.
“This is my friend, Kele, she’s tired, but fine. Kele, this is MaNdlovu, Ma's best friend,” said Bazi. Kele and MaNdlovu greeted each other.
“Where are you coming from?” asked MaNdlovu.
“I was at home. We arrived early this morning.”
“I see.”
“I was told a story about Ma, and I’ve come to verify it with you.” MaNdlovu looked away from Bazi.
“Did Ma really leave Baba for another man?” asked Bazi.
“I thought I knew your mother. I can’t tell you how disappointed I was when your father told me what she’d done.”
“What happened?”
“Ask your father.”
“Do you know where Ma is?”
“No.”
“Please tell me.”
“I don’t know!” shouted MaNdlovu. There was a silence.
“I'll get you something to eat,” said MaNdlovu.
“No, thank you, we have to go. Thank you for your time,” said Bazi, getting to her feet.
“I'll get your friend some water.”
“That won’t be necessary. Goodbye,” said Bazi, helping Kele to her feet, and leading her away.
“Some water would have been very nice,” grumbled Kele.
“You'll get some soon. Come,” said Bazi, taking Kele's hand.
They arrived at another homestead.
“Bazi, is that you?” called a woman. She and Bazi held each other tight, crying. When they released each other, Bazi noticed that Kele was sitting on the ground.
“Can we sit someplace comfortable? My friend is very tired,” she said, helping Kele to her feet. The woman that had hugged Bazi led the way to a hut. The three women sat on cowhide mats.
“I can't believe you’re alive. When did you get here?” asked the woman.
“We arrived early this morning,” said Bazi.
“Who is this?”
“This is my friend, Kele. Kele, this is Patience, we grew up together.” Kele and Patience greeted each other.
“Which big city did you disappear to?” asked Patience.
“Joburg. How are things?”
“So-so. I'll get you some food.”
“Can I help?”
“No, the children will bring the food,” said Patience, then she left the hut.
“How do you feel?” Bazi asked Kele.
“Better for sitting in the shade, and being sure that I'll get food.” Patience returned.
“How are you, my friend?” she asked.
“I'm in shock,” replied Bazi.
“Why?”
“I just found out that my parents are no longer together.”
“Yes.”
“What happened?”
“Only they can say.”
“Do you know where my mother is?”
“Yes, it's not far from here.”
“Will you tell me how to get there?”
“Of course.” Bazi hugged Patience. Three children brought food and water into the hut. Patience introduced her three children to Bazi and Kele then the girls left.
Kele ate hungrily. Bazi did not eat much as she and Patience were catching up.
“Do you have children?” asked Patience.
“No,” replied Bazi.
“Why not? Before long, you won’t be able to have any.”
“I don't want any. Are you married?”
“I wouldn't be in my parents’ home if I was.”
“I thought you were visiting. Didn't you get married?”
“I did. He went to work at a mine and came back with another woman. He wanted to marry her as well, I couldn’t handle that, so I came back here.”
“I’m sorry.” Patience shrugged, and gave Bazi her Ma's new address.
“I'm meeting someone who wants to marry me,” said Patience.
“Do you want to marry him?”
“If his children and my children can get along, I'll marry him.”
“Do you like him?”
“I’ll learn to like him. At my age, with children, I can’t afford to be choosy. Don’t look like that Bazi. You know I’m lucky that a man wants me at my age. Forty is not an attractiv age to men. When will you get married?”
“I don’t kow,” said Bazi.
“Do you want to get married?” asked Kele.
“Yes, I’ve always wanted to get married,” replied Bazi. She and Kele shared a long look.
“If one of you was a man, I’d swear the two of you would be getting married soon,” said Patience. Bazi and Kele made their goodbyes, and left.
At Baba's home, they were met by Buti.
“Where were you? Didn’t MaSithole tell you...” he demanded.
“I don't want to fight with you, Buti. Let’s be nice to each other these two days I’m here. Ma Sithole said you told them to slaughter us a goat. We’re very honoured.”
“Hmm. Come. My wives cooked a long time ago. They’ve been waiting ages for you to taste their food. They want to impress you, since you’re their husband's sister.”
Bazi and Kele followed Buti into the living hut.
“Bazilile where were you? We postponed lunch until we almost died from hunger. We had to eat without you, the people that the meal was cooked for,” said Baba.
“Sorry,” said Bazi. She, Buti and Kele sat on the sofas. Buti’s wives brought food and washing water for Bazi and Kele. Bazi ate well, Kele ate a little. After a while, MaSithole returned to collect the dishes.
“You really know how to cook a goat,” said Bazi. MaSithole smiled, pleased, then she left.
“Where were you?” asked Buti.
“Out.”
“Where?”
“What’s it you?”
“I want to be sure that you’re not associating with undesirable people.”
“I'm old enough to know what's good for me. Don't worry about me.”
“I...”
“I was showing Kele the neighbourhood. She grew up in the city, she's never been to any rural areas.”
“That's not possible,” said Baba.
“It’s true, Mme worked in Kempton Park. When we weren’t there, we were in the township. I've never been to any rural areas,” said Kele.
“How did you manage that?” asked Baba.
“Mme never visited her parents.”
“Why not?”
“They disowned her for getting pregnant with me, without getting married, and for not saying who my father was. She went to live with him in Joburg. They were together until he died five years ago,” said Kele, then she excused herself, and left the hut.
Baba fell asleep. Buti and Bazi decided to sit outside the hut. They were quiet a while. Bazi watched Kele, who was working with Buti's wives. At six foot two, and built voluptously, Kele towered over the wives, and the guest. She was teaching them how to make a certain dessert. Bazi smiled appreciatively.
“How can you look at another woman like that?” asked Buti. Bazi looked at him.
“You look at her as if you’re licking your lips. Are you sleeping with her?” he asked. Bazi was startled.
“My son Michael says he peeped into your hut through the keyhole, and saw you with your arms round each other,” Buti said.
“So what?”
“You must be part of this group of crazy women who sleep with each other. All you need is a good experience with a man, and you'll stop your perversion.”
“When did you marry MaSithole?”
“What's it to you?”
“I'm curious.” Buti watched her as if he was trying to see what she was thinking.
“I married her nine years ago,” he said.
“And MaGumede?”
“Eight years ago.”
“Was MaSithole okay with that?”
“She could have left if she hadn't liked it.” Bazi nodded, then she shook her head.
“I don't think I’d survive in a polygamous set-up,” she said. Buti kissed his teeth.
“Would you survive if MaSithole had another man?” asked Bazi.
“That situation will never arise. She can never have more than one man.” Bazi looked from him, to his wives. Their body language was relaxed, and they actually seemed to be friends. She could not understand how they could be accepting of their marital situation. She focused on Kele.
She was now seated, her legs stretched before her. She was mixing something in a bowl, and talking to one of Buti's five children. She smiled at the child, and Bazi felt herself fall more in love with her.
“So you are sleeping with her. You wouldn't look at her like that, unless you were thinking of running your hands all over her body,” said Buti. Bazi gave him a long look.
“If you, or your pals, touch me, or her, I've told my lawyer to avail the media, and the ruling party, of your role in the capture, by the apartheid government, of several ruling party members,” she said. Buti’s look of disgust was replaced by one of unease.
“You can't prove a thing,” he said.
“I don’t have to. The document I have points any interested party in the right direction. They'll put two and two together, and come up with four.”
“I can’t believe you’d do that! I’m your brother!”
“And I'm your sister, but you’d think nothing of rounding up men to hurt me. What Kele and I do, is no business of yours.It’s in your interests to deny that anything is happening between us. I don’t want to think about what will happen to you if people find out...”
“If they find out what?” asked Baba, joining Bazi and Buti. Bazi and Buti looked from him to each other.
“If they find out that Buti's not using his architectural degree. He should be using it to improve infrastructure for the community, but he's doing nothing. What are you doing, Buti?” asked Bazi.
“He's looking after his father. Surely, no one can fault that. How are you getting on in that big city?” asked Baba.
“Fine, Baba,” replied Bazi.
“What work do you do?”
“I'm a consultant.”
“You? What do you consult on?” asked Buti.
“Labour issues.” Buti looked at her closely.
“They actually pay you?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“I don’t believe that. What do you know about labour issues?”
“Plenty. You know I'm a trained lawyer.”
“Yes, but...who would hire you? Name one company that is your client.”
“That's confidential information.”
“She’s lying, Baba.”
“I'm telling the truth!”
“Give her the benefit of the doubt, Jonas. She must be doing something important. She wouldn't have been able to afford a car full of groceries otherwise,” said Baba.
“She probably works for the government, and steals money from there. Lot's of people do that,” said Buti.
“I don’t work for government, and I don’t steal,” said Bazi.
“If you say so,” said Buti, not believing a word she was saying.
Bazi watched Kele stand, and walk to the kitchen hut. The child that she had been talking to, trotted beside her, talking animatedly.
“You said she’s your friend?” said Baba.
“Yes,” said Bazi.
“Why did you bring her?”
“I didn’t want to come alone. Last time I was here...”
“That's all in the past.”
“Why haven't you been home in so long?” asked Buti.
“You can't ask her that, you were gone twenty years,” said Baba.
“That was during the war.”
“Did you commit crimes against the ruling party?”
“No!”
“Then why didn’t you come back?”
“I...it's...we...it's in the past, Baba, I’m here now.”
“So is Bazi. Leave her alone.” Buti left, clearly unimpressed.
“When will you bring a husband to meet me, and pay amalobolo? Bazi?” said Baba.
“I'm not going to bring a husband to meet you,” said Bazi.
“Why not?”
“I don’t get along with men.”
“Nonsense. You haven't met the right man. When you do, things will fall into place. You must remember that you’re a woman. Your height makes men feel threatened. You must be submissive,then men will rush to marry you.”
“I don't want to be married to a man.”
“Everyone needs somebody. I know what I'm talking about. I’ve waited for your mother to come to her senses, and come back home, but she hasn't. I've found someone to replace her.”
“You have?”
“That young woman, working with your brother's wives, I'm going to marry her.”
“You’re going to marry MaMzizi?” gasped Bazi.
“I've shocked you, haven't I?”
“Yes.” Baba shrugged.
“You’ll soon have a new mother,” he said. Bazi was speechless.
“Jonas and I need to go and check on a sick cow,” Baba said, then he left.
“Are you alright?” asked Kele, joining Bazi.
“Baba just told me he's marrying MaMzizi.”
“That child? Is she of consenting age? She can't be old enough to marry.” Kele sat beside Bazi.
“My family's a mess,” said Bazi.
“Everyones family's a mess.”
“Buti knows about us.”
“You told him?” gasped Kele.
“He figured it out, from the way I was looking at you.” Kele smiled, Bazi smiled back.
“We can’t do anything about the way I was looking at you,” she said.
“Nothing?” panted Kele, running her eyes over Bazi's body. She was of medium build, with a dark complexion, and she was six foot tall.
“Nothing,” said Bazi.
“But you want to?”
“That's no news.”
“We should go home, I don’ like doing nothing.” Bazi looked away from Kele, and took a deep breath.
“How are you getting on?” she asked.
“I'm amazed that your brother’s wives get on so well. And their children get on well too. I'd never survive such a set-up.”
“Neither would I.”
After dark, everyone gathered round the kitchen fire for dinner. Baba told the childen a story after the meal, then their mothers took them to sleep. Bazi watched Baba and MaMzizi. They made no eye contact, and Baba did not address a single word to her. She was silent the whole time. Bazi looked at Buti, he was watching MaMzizi covetously. He caught Bazi's eye, and raised an eyebrow at her.
“Jonas,” said Baba.
“Baba,” said Buti.
“MaMzizi and I will be getting married soon.”
“What?”
“She'll be your new mother.”
“But...”
“But what? Your mother's gone, and I need a companion. MaMzizi’s agreed to be that companion. MaMzizi, Jonas and Bazilile are your children. Jonas, Bazilile, I expect you to give MaNzizi the respect due to a mother.”
“She's a child!” protested Buti.
“She’s old enough to marry.”
“I can't call her ma.”
“You will, unless you want to leave my homestead.” The men glared at each other, then Buti left the hut.
“Bazilile, talk to that brother of yours, and get him to respect my wife. I don't want either of you giving her a hard time. Do your hear me?” said Baba.
“Yes, Baba,” said Bazi, looking at MaMzizi. She was looking at the floor, the way she had done all evening.
After a silence MaSithole and MaGumede came to say goodnight, then they left. MaMzizi left with them. Bazi looked at Kele, she was looking at Baba as if she was trying to understand what made him tick.
“Are you married, Kele?” asked Baba.
“No,” replied Kele.
“Do you have a man?”
“No.”
“What kind of man are you looking for?”
“I'm not looking for a man.”
“Have you ever thought of marrying an older man?”
“No!”
“An older man looks after a woman better, all round.”
“An older man makes more work for a woman.”
“It's a case of one hand washing the other.” They shared a long look.
“It's late,” said Bazi curtly. Kele looked at her.
“Goodnight, Baba,” said Bazi, getting to her feet. She helped Kele to her feet. Kele said goodnight to Baba, and Bazi led her out of the hut.
“Stop pushing me!” Kele said to Bazi. Bazi ignored her. Kele withdrew her forearm from Bazi's grip. Bazi gripped her forearm again.
“If you and Baba...” she hissed.
“Don't be stupid! I’ve no use for a man,” said Kele.
“You maintained eye-contact with him.”
“So what?”
“So, it means...”
“Is there a problem?” asked Baba.
“No, everythings fine,” said Bazi.
“Sleep well,” said Baba, as he walked past them to his hut.
“Let's go,” said Bazi, walking to their hut.
“I'm going to bath,” said Kele.
“I'm coming with you.”
“No, you’re not.”
“Kele...”
“I'm going alone!”
“Are you meeting Baba?” demanded Bazi.
“No! Would you stop with our over-active imagination!”
“He was coming onto you.”
“I know! But you’re the only Mkhize I'm interested in, got it?” Bazi nodded, Kele left.
Bazi sat on the bed in her hut. She took several deep breaths, telling herself to calm down. Kele had left once before, and she could leave again if she felt that Bazi was being unreasonable.
When Kele returned to the hut, Bazi went to get cleaned up. When she returned to the hut, she climbed into bed beside Kele.
“I'm sorry,” she said. Kele did not respond.
“I'm sorry, I won’t do it again,” said Bazi. Kele sat up.
“Why don’t you believe that I love you?” she demanded.
“I do,” said Bazi.
“If you believed it, you wouldn't get jealous. Jealousy is insecurity. You don’t trust me to love you, because you don't think you’re lovable. I can’t fix that for you.”
“I know.”
“You have to decide to trust us both.”
“I know.” They were quiet for a while.
“You don’t value our relationship,” said Kele.
“I do.”
“If you did, you’d stop this jealousy, because you know it’s the one thing guaranteed to destroy us. You want to destroy us, dont you?”
“You know I don't.”
“I don’t know anything about what you want.”
“Yes, you do.”
“I thought you wanted me, but...”
“I do want you.”
“...but this jealousy...this is not the first time you’ve exhibited it in the last six months. Do I ever lie to you?”
“No.” 
“Then why didn't you believe me when I told you that I only work with Sara?”
“I believed you.”
“Is that why you followed us to the retreat in Magaliesburg?”
“I didn't.”
“I saw you, Bazi. I even have pictures of you, spying on us.”
“It wasn't like that.”
“Then, two weeks ago, I saw you going through my phone book.”
“I...”
“We agreed not to do that after our last break-up!”
“I...”
“You followed me to work three days ago.”
“I didn't.”
“I told you I was working late, and you followed me. How could you do that?”
“Kele...”
“I'm not a prisoner!”
“I know.”
“Then why do you treat me as if you’re my jailor?”
“I'm not your jailor.”
“I hoped our time out here would help you to realise how much you mean to me, but it doesn’t help. Nothing helps. I can never make you trust me, you don’t believe a word I say, and you think if someone comes onto me, I led them on. You know what, I love you. If I can't have you, then I don't want anyone else.”
“Kele...”
“What time do we go to see...”
“After breakfast.”
“Goodnight,” said Kele, as she lay down.
“Kele, Kele,” said Bazi, moving closer to Kele. Kele moved away from her. They lay awake in the dark, then Bazi heard Kele crying. She tried to put her arms round her, and Kele pushed her off. Bazi's heart broke, listening to Kele sobbing.
Eventually, Kele stopped crying, and Bazi could tell that she had fallen asleep.



CHAPTER TWO

Bazi was woken by a noise. She sat up. She was alone in the bed.
“Kele?” she called. She heard Kele talking to the children outside the hut.
Bazi lowered her feet onto the floor, and sat holding her head in her hands. I've done it again, I’ve alienated Kele completely, when all I'd wanted, was for us to be together forever. I won't survive if she leaves again. I must find a way to make her stay, she thought. She freshened up, then she went to join the other women by the fire.
She greeted them, all but Kele, responded.
“Hi, Kele,” said Bazi.
“I have a lot of things to do at home. When do we leave?” asked Kele.
“Tomorrow.”
“I need to leave today.”
“But...”
“I'll use public transport.”
“No!”
“Bazi...”
“We'll leave today.” Kele looked away from Bazi. Bazi noticed the other women looking at her accusingly. She went to find Baba.
He was in the living hut. She sat down, and they exchanged greetings.
“Do you think your friend would marry me?” asked Baba.
“No! You’re not her type.”
“What type does she like?”
“Someone completely different from you.”
“You mean these half-men who let women control everything?”
“Yes.”
“I can't be like that, but maybe she could teach me.”
“No! She...” Kele brought food into the hut. She greeted Baba, and put the food on the table.
“Sit down,” said Baba. Kele looked at him, then she sat down.
“What do you think of polygamy?” he asked.
“Polygamy? I know I wouldn't manage in such a set-up.”
“Many women thrive in polygamous homes.”
“Not me.”
“So you wouldn't consider joining MaMzizi as my other wife?” Bazi gasped.
“No!” she said before Kele could reply. Kele gave her an irritated look.
“I could get rid of MaMzizi,” said Baba.
“It would break her heart,” said Kele. Baba nodded. Kele excused herself, and left the hut. Bazi wanted to punch Baba as he watched Kele walking, and licked his lips.
“I'll get her to change her mind,” he said.
Buti walked into the hut, and greeted Baba.
“Don’t you greet your elders?” he asked Bazi. Bazi greeted him.
“What do you think of Bazi's friend, Jonas?” asked Baba.
“Bazi's friend?” asked Buti, looking at Bazi.
“I want to marry her,” said Baba. Buti laughed.
“What's so funny” asked Baba.
“Bazi can tell you that you’re not her type.”
“I want her.” The men shared a look, then they laughed lasciviouly.
“I haven't seen such a fine figure on a woman in a long time. Those long limbs, with flesh on them, and those breasts,” said Baba, moving his hands as if he was sculpting breasts. Buti looked from Baba to Bazi. She was fuming.
“If I get that whole lot of woman beneath me, I'll wipe away the humiliation your mother visited on me,” said Baba. He was quiet for a while, thinking.
“Bazi, get us water to wash our hands,” he said.
“Get it yourself,” Bazi said under her breath.
“Did you say something?” asked Buti. Bazi glared at him, he looked away. Bazi left the hut, and asked MaMzizi to take washing water to the men.
She walked out of the homestead.
“What’s the matter?” asked Kele, joining her. Bazi stopped walking, and knelt at her feet, looking up at her.
“I'm sorry,” she said.
“Bazilile! Get up!” said Kele.
“I'm sorry I distrusted you, and did all the things you told me made you leave me before. I won’t do them again.”
“Get up.”
“I'll die without you, Kele.”
“No, you won't.”
“I will, I won’t want to live. I’ll shoot myself or...”
“Now you want to guilt me into staying with you?”
“No! I'm just telling you that I don’t want to live without you.” They watched each other.
“Baba and Buti want you,” said Bazi.
“So what?” said Kele.
“I was glad when you turned Baba down.” Kele looked at Bazi in surprise.
“You thought I’d say yes, didn't you? Didn't you?” she demanded.
“Yes.”
“Why?” Kele asked in disbelief.
“Because he's a man, and he has cattle, and...”
“Where would I leave you, if I went to him?”
“Kele...”
“You don’t trust me at all!”
“I do,” said Bazi, putting her arms round Kele's waist, as Kele made to turn away. She made to free herself from Bazi’s grip.
“Is everything alright?” asked a man. Bazi and Kele looked at him.
“Babomncane,” said Bazi, getting to her feet, and wiping away her tears.
“Bazilile? It is you! One of my granchildren thought she saw you yesterday, walking past my home. Why didn’t you come and say hello?” asked Babomncane.
“I...I...” said Bazi.
“She was showing me the neighbourhood,” said Kele. Babomncane looked at her, and did a double-take, then he looked her over.
“Who are you?” he asked with a smile.
“That’s my friend, Kele,” said Bazi. Kele and Babomncane greeted each other.
“Aunty, Ma said you must come and eat. Mkhulu, hello,” said one of Buti's daughets. She took Kele's hand, and led her back to the homestead. Bazi noticed Babomncane licking his lips as he watched Kele. We're leaving today, Bazi vowed.
“Let's go in,” she said to Babomncane. She led him to the men, then she went to join the women. She stopped, hearing Kele laughing. She had not heard her laughing in months. She walked into the kitchen, and the women stoppped talking. Kele looked away from her. Bazi took hand-washing water to the men.
She stood fuming, as Baba and Babomncane talked about what they would do if they got their lecherous hands on Kele’s body. Buti took the bowl of water from Bazi, as she made to douse the older men to cool their ardour.
“Bazilile, what's wrong withyou? Why do you look so angry? Sit down and eat,” said Baba. Buti gave her a warning look. She sat down and ate a little. When she was done, she went to join the women. They were washing the dishes.
Bazi packed some food and water, and approached Kele.
“Is it time?” asked Kele. Bazi nodded.
“Bazi's showing me more of the neighbourhood. We'll be back,” said Kele. The women told Bazi where to take Kele. She nodded, and led the way out of the homestead.
They walked in silence.
“We should have taken the car,” said Kele.
“Baba and Buti would have been suspicious,” replied Bazi.
“We've been together for the better part of six years, and you’ve never talked about your family. I thought you were an orphan. Why have you stayed away from them for so long?”
“I wanted to forget the nasty experience I had the last time I was here.”
“What happened?”
“I went to fetch water from the river, and a man abducted me. He'd been nagging me for years about marrying him, and I kept saying no. He took me to his home, and locked me in a hut. I managed to escape, and returned to my parent's home the next morning. Baba accused me of being out whoring, and sent me away, as if I was a dog.”
“I'm so sorry.”
“I'm surprised he let me into his homestead. I was sure he'd set the dogs on me.”
“He doesn't have dogs.”
“He could have gotten the neighbours to chase me off, as they did last time.”
“They chased you off?”
“Baba invited them, and told them I'd taken to disgracing him by sleeping with everyone. He asked which of them had slept with me, and demanded compensation from them for sleeping with me without his consent.”
“That's terrible!”
“No one owned up, who would, under those circumstances? The men then demanded that I name names, I had no names to give. They called me a liar, and chased me off.”
“Bazi!”
“I was sure they were going to kill me. I've never run that fast in all my life. I was lucky enough to catch a lift from someone. I havent been back since then.”
“What made you come back?”
“I missed Ma. When I watch you with yours, I think of mine, and wish I could see her. This must be the place,” said Bazi, stopping at the gate of a homestead. The place seemed to be deserted. Bazi opened the gate, and called out a greeting.
“Who is it?” asked a woman approaching them.
“Ma?” said Bazi.
“Bazilile? Is that you?” asked Ma. She and Bazi ran at each other, and put their arms round each other, weeping. Ma withdrew from the embrace, and studied Bazi.
“It really is you. Oh, my child, you’re alive,” she said, hugging Bazi. Bazi withdrew from the embrace, keeping her hands on Ma’s forearms.
“How are you?” she asked.
“Fine, how are you?”
“Alright.”
“Who is this?” asked Ma, releasing Bazi, and hugging Kele. Kele started crying. Bazi and Ma looked at each other, surprised. As quickly as she had started crying, Kele stopped crying. She withdrew from Ma, cleaned her face, and introduced herself.
“Are you alright?” asked Ma.
“I'm fine, how are you?”
“Fine. Come in, girls,” said Ma, leading Bazi and Kele to a hut. It was a kitchen. They all sat down on grass mats.
“Bazilile, you’ve been gone a long time,” said Ma.
“I didn't know if Id be welcomed back,” said Bazi. Ma nodded, then she looked at Kele. Kele smiled, Bazi’s heart filled with love. Ma smiled back at Kele, then she looked at Bazi.
“Do your father and brother know you’ve come to see me?” she asked.
“Not unless they followed us.”
“Why did you come, knowing how they feel?”
“I wanted to see you.”
“How did you find me?”
“I asked people. Why did you leave Baba?”
“I had another man.”
“That's not true.”
“How do you know? Were you there?”
“No, but I know you, you’re not that kind of person. What happened?” Ma gave Bazi a long look. They heard footsteps, then a shadow stood at the entrance of the hut.
“MaShange, do we have visitors?” asked a man.
“Yes, Baba, it's Bazilile, and her friend.”
“Your daughter?”
“Yes.”
“Has she been giving you a hard time?”
“No!”
“Good!” said the man, then he entered the hut and sat on a stool. Ma made the introductions, then Bazi and Kele greeted the man, Mkwanazi, Ma's husband.
“I was about to get the girls some food,” said Ma.
“We can't stay,” said Bazi.
“Why not? Your mother's been missing you,” said Mkwanazi.
“Baba and Buti will become suspicious.” Mkwanazi kissed his teeth, and left the hut.
“I didn’t mean to upset him,” said Bazi.
“He’s not angry with you.”
“I'm glad. I'll come another time to see you.”
“I’d like that.”
“Why did you leave, Ma?”
“I couldn't stay.”
“What happened?”
“That's not important now.”
“Ma...”
“I don’t want to talk about it!” There was a silence.
“Ma, please advise me,” said Kele. Bazi looked at her.
“What about?” asked Ma.
“I love a jealous person.” Bazi gasped, her heart gallopping.
“I love this person with all my heart, but this person doesn’t believe a single word I say. This person follows me, listens to all my conversations, and demands to know what I talk about with each and every single person I come across,” continued Kele. Bazi gasped.
“When other people express interest in me, this person accuses me of leading them on, and telling them, or showing them, that I want to get involved with them,” said Kele. Bazi's heart was pounding, her eyes wide.
“I left before, and I’m going to leave again, because I’m being treated like a criminal. How can I live with a person who thinks I'm a brainless thing that can be picked up by anyone who wants me, instead of seeing me as a person, who can choose to be with someone, and chooses to be with them?
“I won't live with someone who doesn’t trust or respect me. I don’t want to go, but I can't live like this anymore.” said Kele. Bazi looked from her, to Ma.
“Bazi's father took to locking me up at home,” she said. Bazi and Kele gasped. Ma had tears in her eyes.
“He would go for days, and leave me locked in the bedroom, so no one would see me and take me away. He was always jealous. When we first met, I though it showed that he cared, but later, he became my jailor. Bazi, why do you think I never saw you to the buses, or went to church with you?” asked Ma.
“Because you were busy?” said Bazi.
“You father didn't want me to be seen by other men. After he sent you away, he started locking me up. I put up with it for two years, then I realised that I'd be dead soon, and that I didn't want to live the rest of my life a prisoner, when I’d committed no crime.
“The only reason I escaped, is because your brother visited, and your father forgot to lock me up when they went drinking. I packed some things, and left. My brother sent me back. I had to beg strangers to let me live in their homes. When my brother realised I was serious, he let me stay in his home.”
“I am so sorry,” said Kele.
“So am I. I'd never dreamed I'd be treated like property, but your father treated me as if I was property, Bazi. Kele, leave this person. Jealous people never improve, they only get worse, I know. Jealousy starts off with little things, then he goes everywhere with you. When people visit, he says you can't see them. He wants you to dress a certain way, so other men don’t steal you. He stops you going to church, stops you visiting your family or friends, then he locks you up. He might eventually kill you. Don't put up with it, my child, leave, for your own sake. Find someone who respects you.” Bazi looked from Ma toKele, a panicked expression on her face. Kele hugged Ma.
“Thank you. We have to be going now,” she said. Ma nodded. She and Kele stood and walked out of the hut. Bazi followed them, feeling as if her world had shattered.
“Did your mother tell you how your father treated her?” asked Mkwanazi. Bazi started and looked at him. He was walking beside her. She nodded.
“He's sick. Nobody deserves to be treated that way, certainly not your mother. She's the most faithful person that ever lived,” said Mkwanazi. Bazi nodded. He and Kele joined Ma and Kele at the gate, Kele was hugging Ma.Ma released her and hugged Bazi. The two of them left, Bazi could hear Ma sniffing. She turned, Ma's shoulders were heaving as she watched them, her husband was standing protectively beside her. Bazi waved, and Ma waved back. Bazi then caught up with Kele.
They were silent for a while.
“I'll never lock you up,” said Bazi.
“Whatever,” said Kele, walking faster.
“I mean it!”
“You always mean it when you say it, but your actions show that you're a liar.”
“Kele!” gasped an outraged Bazi.
“You don’t love me.”
“I do, Kele.”
“Love and trust go together. You don’t trust me, so you don’t love me.”
“I do!”
“We've been down this road before. Last time I asked you to stop, you justified youself, and continued. I'm not asking you to stop this time, because I know you won’t.”
“Are you leaving?”
“What do you think?”
“Kele...”
“Stop it! There’s nothing left to say. Let's just get to your father’s place, and get home.” They walked the rest of the way in silence. Bazi stood at her father's homestead gate, watching Kele walk away from her.
“What did you do to her? Baba will take her if you don’t treat her right,” said Buti.
“Shut up!” said Bazi. Buti’s face lost it’s teasing look. He grabbed Bazi's arm and twisted it behind her back.
“What did you say?” he demanded. Bazi elbowed his solar plexus. He loosened the grip he had on her wrist and she freed herself. She kicked his shins, and walked off to her hut.
She packed quickly, and took her bag to the car, then she went to join the other women. They watched her in silence, as she approached them.
“It's time for us to leave,” she said. Kele went to collect her things in their hut.
“Thank you for you hospitality,” Bazi said to the women. They did not respond. She went to find Baba. He and Buti were in the living hut.
“That's the devil that attacked me,” said Buti.
“I was defending myself! We’re leaving, Baba,” said Bazi.
“I thought you were leaving tomorrow,” said Buti.
“Something’s come up,” Bazi said curtly. She made her goodbyes, and went to the car.
She watched Kele pack her bag into the car, before going to talk to the other women. They smiled at her and hugged her. Kele then went to the men, who were standing at the door of the living hut. She spoke to them, then Buti hugged her. Bazi ground her teeth in fury. She decided not to mention it to Kele. She started the car, and revved it. Kele and Buti looked at her. Kele walked to the car, and climbed in.
Bazi reversed the car, though she did not need to, then she drove to the living hut at great speed. She watched as Buti jumped out of the way. She drove out of the homestead as if she was a formula one racer.
“Slow down,” said Kele. Bazi slowed to a walking pace.
“I'll drive,” said Kele. They swapped seats, and Kele drove the rest of the way home.Once there, she started packing her belongings into her bags, and into her car.
“Where will you go?” asked Bazi.
“That’s none of your business.”
“Kele! I need to know that you’ll be fine.”
“I'll be fine.”
“Who will you live with?”
“I no longer have to answer any of your questions.”
“Kele....”
“Remember the night you followed me to work? I started looking for another place to stay the next day, and I’ve been lucky enough to get one quickly.”
“I'm not a monster.”
“You’re a jailor.”
“I am not!”
“Would you have advised your mother to stay with someone who treats her the way you treat me?” Bazi could not reply.
“Then why do you want me to put up with that nonsense? I'll be back for the rest of my things later,” said Kele, as she finished loading things into her car.
She returned to the house for her handbag. Bazi watched her in silence. Kele started crying.
“You always do this! You do unbearable things, then, when I leave, you look at me as if I’m breaking your heart,” said a weeping Kele.
“You are breaking my heart,” said Bazi.
“You broke mine first, by not trusting me.”
“I trust you.” Kele stopped crying, and cleaned her face.
“Goodbye, Bazi. I hope that someday, you'll find who and what you’re looking for. I thought I'd found who I was looking for when I met you, but you’re more committed to being jealous than you are to us, and I can’t, and I won’t, be part of a relationship that prioritises jealousy,” said Kele.
“I don't prioritise jealousy!”
“Maybe you’ll find someone who finds your jealousy a turn-on. For me, it’s the one thing I won’t put up with.”
“I don’t want someone else.” Kele gave Bazi a last look, climbed into her car, and left.



CHAPTER THREE

Bazi cried herself to sleep. Over the next few days, she did not get out of bed. Some days later, she decided to go to work. She cleaned herself up, and went. Her office door opened and banged unceremoniously, then her business partner, Brad, leaned over her desk, his face in her face. He was furious.
“What's your problem?” asked Bazi.
“You tell me.”
“How am I supppsed to know?”
“What is going on with you? You’ve lost us three very good clients, and you’ve been gone for days without saying.”
“Get off my back!” said Bazi, getting to her feet.
“Do you have money lying about that we can use to pay the staff at the end of the month?” demanded Brad.
“Of course not!”
“Then get your butt into gear, Bazilile, and win us some accounts, so we'll have money to meet our expenses.”
“I don't need you to tell me how to conduct myself.”
“Someone needs to, since you clearly couldn't be bothered to conduct yourself in a productive manner. If you're finished with this company, tell me, and I'll find another partner. I know several people who’d kill to own half of this enterprise,” said Brad, then he turned to leave.
“I need a few days off,” said Bazi.
“Why didn’t you just say that, instead of giving the company a bad name? Take the week off, and when you return, you better have sorted yourself out.”
“I think I need two weeks.”
“Fine!”
“Sorry.”
“Just go!” said Brad, then he left.
Bazi went home, and cried herself to sleep. She was woken by the ringing of the doorbell. She tried to ignore it, but it would not stop. She climbed out of bed and went to open the door. She staggered, as she was pushed out of the way, then the door was banged shut. Brad and his husband, Stan, were glaring at her.
“Well? Are you going to tell us what's going on, or do we have to guess?” asked Stan.
“I didn’t invite you here,” said Bazi.
“We know. What’s going on? Brad says you're disgracing yourself and the company.” Bazi led the way to the lounge. They all say down.
“You've sent Kele away again,” said Brad.
“I didn’t send her away! She left on her own,” said Bazi.
“You sent her away with your jealousy. Didn't I tell you that you need to stop snooping?”
“I was protecting my interests!”
“How do you feel now, when your interests have left you?”
“Dont be cruel!” said Bazi, bursting into tears.
“Stop that! Stop those crocodile tears, Bazilile,” said Stan. Bazi gasped in outrage.
“They are not crocodile tears!” she said.
“Of course they are. If you really wanted your relationship to work, you'd do something about that jealousy.”
“I can’t help being jelaous.”
“Then get help!”
“From where?”
“A psychologist! Or an aura healer, or some other peson. If you really wanted Kele, there’s nothing you wouldn't do to get her back.”
“I don’t know any psychologists.”
“Look in the yellow pages!” shouted Stan. Bazi started crying again.
“I'm going to buy food. Will you talk to her?” said Stan, then he left.
Bazi felt Brad's arms go round her, and she cried harder. She stopped crying after a while.
“I visited my parents last weekend,” she said.
“I thought they were dead, you never talk about them,” said Brad.
“My mother left my father.”
“Oh!”
“Because he's jealous.”
“I see.”
“She advised Kele to leave me because jealous people never get over their jealousy, they only become more paranoid, and bring more pain to their loved ones. I never wanted to hurt Kele.”
“But you did.”
“She misunderstood.” Brad released Bazi, and went to sit opposite her.
“If someone treads on your toe, is it misunderstanding on your part to say that they hurt you?” Bazi did not reply.
“That woman loves you. She's teetotal, but when you want to get drunk, she goes with you to ensure your safety. She helps you with your work, she bends over backwards for you, but what do you do in return? Nothing. Nothing!
“She's close to her mother, but she put up with you implying you didn't have one, when she's alive and well. Did she leave you because of that lie?”
“No.”
“You see! She puts up with a lot, and you show your appreciation by being a jealous pig.”
“I can’t help it!”
“You'd better learn to help it. That girl is one in a million, and if you don’t get your act together, someone else will get her.”
“Don't say that!”
“Anybody would consider themselves lucky to get her. If I was into women, I’d be at her door now, consoling her.”
“No!”
“Sort yourself out, Bazilile. Has Kele ever been unfaithful to you?”
“No.”
“Then why do you continue to suspect her?”
“I don't know.”
“Are you unfaithful?”
“No!”
“Cheaters are very jealous.”
“I'm not a cheat.”
“I'm glad to hear it. What are you going to do?”
“About what?” 
“Getting her back.”
“I don’t know.”
“You need a plan, Bazi. You’re letting yourself go in a dangerous way.”
“I don’t want to live without her.”
“Then get your mind in order and get her back.”
Brad went to open the door when the doorbell rang, and returned with Stan.
“I know how keen you are on pizza, Bazi, so I've brought plenty for tonight, and for the next few days,” said Stan.
“I'm not hungry,” said Bazi.
“That's too bad, you’re going to eat anyway.”
“I...”
“You can eat for yourself, or we’ll force feed you.”
“I'll eat,” said Bazi, as the men walked towards her. Brad brought plates to the lounge, and they all sat down to eat. Bazi smiled, watching Brad and Stan eat with gusto. They sat a while in silence, when they were finished eating. Stan left the room and returned with one of Bazi’s bags. It was bulging.
“What's going on?” asked Bazi.
“You’re coming with us,” he said.
“No, I'm not.”
“Yes, you are. You need looking after.”
“I don't.”
“Will you walk to the car, or do I have to carry you?” Bazi made a scoffing sound. Stan gave the bag to Brad, and approached Bazi. She stood.
“I'm not dressed,” she said.
“Your sleepwear’s fine. We’ll all go straight to sleep when we get home.”
“But...”
“Can we go, or do I pick you up?”
“I have to lock up.”
“You have ten mintes, then I'm picking you up.”
“He’s so bossy! How do you live with him?” Bazi asked Brad, as she started locking up.
Brad gave her a tour of his and Stan's new home.
“It's great,” said Bazi. Brad smiled, watching her. He was six foot tall, slim, with blonde hair and green eyes. She became uncomfortable beneath his scrutiny.
“Get some sleep. You’re going to work with Stan tomorrow,” he said, then he left her in her room.
Next day, she was surprised that she enjoyed the day. Stan had put her to work in his office, and it had taken her mind off her problems. She started looking forward to life.
Three days later, Kele phoned her, telling her that she was fetching her things. Bazi climbed into her car, and drove off to her home. A truck was pulling out as she arrived. She walked to the house and stopped as she saw Kele locking the front door. She turned to leave, and noticed Bazi. They watched each other in silence. Bazi approached Kele, and Kele left the doorway.
“Let's go,” a voice called from Kele's car.
“Who’s that?” demanded Bazi. Kele walked to her car. Bazi followed her.
“Are you seeing someone else? Already?” demanded Bazi. Kele climbed into the car, and it drove off. Bazi ran after it, reaching for Kele's door, and calling her name. The car speeded up, and Bazi could not keep up. She stood crying long after it had disappeared from sight.
After a while, she returned to her car, and drove back to Brad and Stan’s home. The lights were off. She decided not to wake her hosts. She slept in her car. She woke with a start, hearing a knocking sound. Brad was at her car window, frowning at her.
“Why didn’t you come inside?” he demanded, as she opened the door.
“I didn’t want to wake you.”
“Get inside, you must be freezing cold.”
Bazi could not concentrate at work. She could not sleep for two nights, then she decided to find Kele. She left work early, and went to park outside Kele's work place. It became late, and still, there was no Kele. Bazi bribed the security guard, who then told her that Kele had left at lunch time. Over a two day period, Bazi would wait for Kele, and Kele would not come out of her office.
Bazi borrowed Stan’s car, and parked outside Kele's work place. Kele drove out of her work place in a different car. Bazi followed her to a town house complex. She could not give a name or house number, the security denied her entry.
She spent a week scoping the townhouse, then she decided to go in with the gardeners. She knew someone who worked for the gardening service that the complex used. She bribed him into letting her go in his place.
She told security that Kele's place needed gardening work, and said that she had forgotten the unit number. The security looked at her strangely. Her heart pounded as she wondered if they were going to send her away. They told her the unit number.
She pretended to work on Kele’s garden, then she approached the balcony. The curtains were closed, she peered, trying to see inside the unit, but she could see nothing. She tried the door. It would not open. Frustrated, she banged on it with her fist.
Her heart pounded when the curtains twitched, then a woman looked at her. Bazi gasped, Kele had a woman? The woman opened the door.
“Can I help you?” she said.
“I need to know what work you asked us to do,” said Bazi.
“We didn’t ask for special work.”
“I thought...”
“Are you a thief?”
“No! I'm...”
“What do you want?”
“Nothing.”
“Are you looking for someone?”
“No.” The woman studied Bazi, then she laughed.
“You’re that pathetic, jealous ex of Kele's, aren’t you?” she said.
“I'm not pathetic.”
“Yes, you are. Kele showed me pictures of you, before burning them.”
“She did not burn them!”
“Yes, she did, and, she's going for threapy, so she can stop being addicted to you. You’re sick! Get out of here, and stay away from my Kele.”
“She's mine!”
“You threw her away with your jealousy.”
“I did not!”
“She's with me now.”
“She is not!” shouted a tearful Bazi.
“I'm calling security,” said the women. She closed and locked the glass door, then she dialled on her phone, and spoke, looking at Bazi.
Bazi ran off. She noticed security coming after her, and ran harder. She jumped onto the wall, and over it, getting slightly electrocuted in the process. She was disoriented some seconds, then she ran off to the nearby mall. She ran into a men’s loo, and came out in a skirt, having discarded her gardening uniform. She met the security agents going in, as she went out. She was glad to catch a taxi out of the neighbourhood.
She arrived at Stans' offices late.
“Where the hell have you been?” he demanded.
“I'm sorry, I...”
“Is this the way you carry on in your business? Going AWOL at will? That is not the way things are done here. You've cost us several very good clients with your inconsiderate behaviour. Get out of here, go on, get lost!” Bazi left the offices, and drove to Brad and Stan’s home.
She decided to phone the clients, apologise, and reschedule meetings. She bought some gifts, then she met them all over the next two days.
She arrived at Brad and Stan's one evening, and Stan met her at the door.
“How did you make the clients who had sworn never to do business with us renew their contracts when their present ones ended?” he asked.
“I talked to them.”
“You performed miracles, Bazi. Thank you. Get yourself sorted out, and stop behaving as if busines is a hobby, it isn't.”
“I know.”
“Get cleaned up, we're going out with Brad as soon as he returns.” Bazi nodded, and went to get cleaned up. She joined Stan in the lounge, waiting for Brad.
“Where were you?” he asked.
“I went to Kele's. I followed her home some nights back, so I went to check out her place.”
“That is sick! You can't carry on this way.”
“I know. She has a new woman.”
“Oh.”
“And she's seeing a psychologist so she can get over me.”
“I see.” They were quiet a while. Stan’s phone rang, he spoke to his caller, then the call ended.
“Brad’s working late,” he said.
“Do you believe that?” asked Bazi. Stan looked at her in surprise.
“Of course I believe it, why shouldn't I?”
“It starts with working late, and leads to weekends away, and then...”
“Stop it! Brad and I trust each other. I won’t let you poison our relationship the way you poisoned yours.” They shared a long look, then Bazi looked away.
“I don’t understand why you need to be jealous. You’re gorgeous, sexy, healthy, and wealthy. You don't need to poison your mind, or the life of your lover with jealousy. What pleasure do you get out of being jealous?” asked Stan.
“I get no pleasure from jealousy!” gasped Bazi.
“You wouldn't keep doing it if it wasn't pleasing you in some way.”
“How can something that hurts me please me?”
“You tell me.”
“It doesn't please me.”
“It does, Bazi. Find out what pleasure you get from it, then you can start getting over it. Shall we go out, or shall we order in?”
“Let's stay in, there’s a great movie on TV.” They ordered food by phone, then Bazi channel surfed, while Stan checked his emails.
The food arrived, and they ate as they watched the movie. Bazi loved it. Stan kept making derogatory comments about how soppie it was. The movie ended. Bazi cleared the table. Stan followed her to the kitchen.
“Don't you want to be free from jealousy?” he asked. Bazi looked away from him. He put a hand on her cheek.
“Do you like being alone?” he asked.
“You know I don't.”
“What will you do about it?”
“She won’t come back.”
“What do you want to do? You, Bazilile, what will you do about it?”
“Nothing!”
“So you'll spend your life alone?” Bazi did not respond.
“You had it all, then you sent away the best thing that ever happened to you.”
“Don't you think I know that?”
“I think you should go.”
“What?”
“You need to go home, and figure out what you want. Go, now.”
“Stan!”
“Now!” Bazi went to pack her belongings, then she left.



CHAPTER FOUR

She fell into an uneasy sleep in her home. Next morning, she decided to go to her office. Security would not let her past reception.
“I own half of this company!” she said in consternation.
“Sorry,” said one of the security guards, looking uneasy.
Bazi phoned Brad. The call was cut, she phoned him again, then she cut the call when she saw Brad approaching her.
“What’s going on?” she demanded. He presented her with an envelope.
“What's this?” she asked, then she noticed two strangers flanking Brad.
“Ms Mkhize, you are not allowed on these premises until further notice,” one of the strangers said.
“What?” she demanded.
“You are being investigated for fraud and embezzlement. Until the forensic report is complete, you’re not allowed here. We'll accompany you to your home to retrieve company documents,” the other stranger said.
“That is nonsense! I would never defraud the company!” said Bazi.
“Ms Mkhize, for all ours sakes, please co-operate with these members of the fraud squad,” said Brad.
Bazi looked at him in horror. He had never ever called her Ms Mkhize, and he had never ever looked at her from such cold eyes. He walked away. Bazi watched him until he was out of sight. She wanted to ask him so many questions, but the words stuck in her throat.
“Lead us to your home, please, Ms Mkhize,” said one of the strangers. Bazi drove home on automatic pilot. The strangers who had followed her took her computer, several work files, and they looked through her home as if they had a right to do so.
When they left, Bazi felt denuded, and humiliated. What game was Brad playing? Bazi phoned him on his cellphone, and she was told that she was barred from using that number. She phoned the office, and the receptionist would not put her through to Brad, and she begged her not to phone back.
Bazi sat down in horror. She felt cold, and alone. She needed to talk to someone, but Brad would not take her calls, Stan had sent her away, and Kele would not talk to her either. She put her arms round herself and wept. She felt powerlesss and furious. How dare Brad think she would do anything to harm that company!
When she stopped crying, she decided that she needed to leave town. She would visit Ma. That decision made her feel hopeful, and motivated. She packed her suitcase into the car, then she went grocery shopping. Afterwards, she set off for Ma's home. She put on loud music, and sang along where she knew the words.
Finally, she arrived at her destination. It was just after sunset. The gate was open, and she drove in. Ma came out of a hut. Bazi climbed out of the car, ran at her, put her arms round her, and started crying.
“Bazi? What is ti? What's wrong?” asked Ma. Bazi could not speak. Finally the tears stopped. Bazi withdrew from Ma, cleaned her face, and looked at Ma.
“How are you, Ma?” she said.
“Fine, how are you? Bazi?”
“I brought you some things, come and see,” said Bazi, leading Ma to the car boot. She opened it, and Ma gasped.
“Where did you get all this?”
“Does it matter? Let's get it into the kitchen, I need to sleep,” yawned Bazi.
“Who is it?” asked a man.
“It's Bazilile, Baba,” said Ma.
“MaMkhize, is it you?” asked Mkwanazi.
“Yes, Baba,” said Bazi.
“Is everything alright?”
“Yes, everything is fine.”
“I'll go and call the girls,” said Ma, as she left. Bazi and Mkwanazi started unloading the car. Bazi was greeted by three girls, but she could not see them as the sun had just set and no lights had been lit yet. Thegirls and Ma also helped to unload the car.
When everything had been unloaded, everyone gathered in the kitchen. A light was lit, and everyone was able to see each other. The girls were introduced as Zintle, Pinky and Rose, Mkwanazi's grandchildren, and Bazi was introduced to them as their aunt.
“Are these groceries all for us?” asked Ma.
“Yes,” said Bazi.
“Let's pray. Nkulunkulu, thank you for Bazilile, and the abundance you have given us through her. Bless her, and give her more abundance. Keep her as loving and generous as she is. Amen.”
“Amen,” said everyone else.
“Do you want to eat or sleep, Bazi?” asked Ma.
“I want to sleep.”
“I'll boil some water for your bath.”
“I brought hot water.” Pinky led Bazi to the bath area. When Bazi was done there, she found Ma waiting for her in the kitchen. She led her to a hut. Bazi thanked her, and fell gratefully onto the bed.
She came awake slowly, and snuggled deeper into the warm blankets. She heard chickens clucking and chicks cheeping, and opened her eyes. She did not recognise the hut that she was in, and sat up quickly. Looking about, she remembered that she was at Ma’s new home. She could smell fire, and frying liver. She looked for her watch to see the time, and remembered that she had left it, and her phone, at home. She stepped outside the hut, and one of the girls approached her.
“Morning, Aunty. We warmed some water for your bath,” she said. Bazi thanked her and followed her to the bath area, where the girl was taking the water. Bazi thanked her, and realised that it was Rose.
“That’s a pretty robe,” she said, giving Bazi’s red terry cloth robe a longing look.
After her bath, Bazi joined Ma and Mkwanazi in the kitchen as they watched the girls preparing lunch.
“How are you, Bazi?” asked Ma.
“I’m fine, Ma. I told you that when I arrived yesterday.”
“You’ve been asleep half the morning. We went to the fields and returned to find you still asleep. I was afraid you’d died in your hut.”
“I was tired, otherwise, I’m fine,” said Bazi, studying Ma.
“You don’t look fine,” said Ma.
“I’m fine, really. How are you, Baba?” Bazi asked Mkwanazi.
“I’m well, Bazi. It’s good to see you. Your mother’s very glad that you’re here.” Bazi smiled from him to Ma, then the girls announced that the food was ready. Everyone ate pap and fried liver.
“This liver’s great,” said Bazi.
“Gogo told us you like it,” said Rose.
“I do like it. And it’s cooked just the way I like.”
“I cooked it,” said Pinky.
“You did great.” Pinky smiled, pleased. Bazi looked at the girls in turn. They looked to be about fourteen years old.
“Who is the eldest among you, girls? You all look the same age,” she said.
“We are the same age,” said Rose.
“Are you triplets? You don’t look alike.”
“We have different mothers, they’re all sisters,” said Pinky.
“Shouldn’t you be at school?”
“We’re on school holiday.” Ma started discussing dinner. When everyone had agreed on what would be eaten, Ma left the kitchen in order to start cooking, the girls collected the dishes and went to wash them.
“How are you, MaMkhize?” asked Mkwanazi.
“I’m well, thank you, Baba. I saw you limping, are you alright?”
“It’s nothing, just an old wound. A donkey kicked me some years ago, and the pain comes and goes.”
“Do you have medicine for it?”
“Who can afford medicine? Anyway, where would I get it? The hospitals are very far away.”
“I can drive you to a hospital.”
“Don’t be silly, I’m fine.”
“Baba, please, let me take you. Do you want Ma stressing about you when the pain becomes worse?”
“What will I pay with?”
“I’ll pay.”
“Leave it!” Bazi stood and went to help Ma with the cooking.
After breakfast the following morning, she took the girls to town, telling Ma that she needed their company on her trip to see an old friend.
Once in town, Bazi phoned her friend, and made an appointment to see him later that day. She gave the girls money, left them at a restaurant and went to see her friend, Mhlobo. He was running his own law firm.
“Sit down. What brings you here?” he asked. Bazi sat down.
“I need a job,” she said.
“Did they run out of jobs in Joburg?”
“No, but I lost my last job, and now, I need another one.”
“Why did you lose your job?”
“I was falsely accused of fraud.”
“Are you sure you were falsely accused?”
“Absolutely.”
“You expect me to hire you based on your word only? You know better than that, Bazi.”
“I expect you to hire me after I’ve proved my innocence, and I will.”
“Come and talk to me after that happens. I have to go to court now.”
“Of course. Thank you for seeing me,” said Bazi.
She joined the girls and took them shopping for two items of clothing each, she bought clothes for Ma and Mkwanazi as well, then they returned to Ma’s home.
“Are you girls alright?” asked Ma, when they arrived.
“We’re fine,” said Bazi.
“We thought something bad had happened to keep you from home after sunset.”
“Sorry to worry you, everything is fine.”
“Gogo, look what Aunty bought for me,” said Rose excitedly. She and her cousins showed their grandparenst their purchases, and showed them what Bazi had also bought for them. Mkwanazi thanked Bazi, Ma looked at her with tears in her eyes.
“Let’s pray. Nkulunkulu, thank you for this child, and all she has brought us. Give her more of everything that she wants, and bless her for us. Amen,” she prayed.
“Amen,”said everyone else. Ma then served Bazi and the girls dinner, then everyone went to sleep.
Bazi woke early next morning, and boiled plenty of water for everyone to have a warm bath. After her bath, she started making breakfast. Everyone thanked her for the hot water as they took turns getting cleaned up, then they joined her in the kitchen for breakfast.
“MaMkhize, your father tells me you’re going out with him,” said Ma. Bazi stopped chewing, surprised to hear that. She looked at Mkwanazi, he was eating as if she knew what Ma was talking about.
“Really?” she said, trying to catch his eye.
“Aren’t you going out?”
“Oh, yes, I offered to drive him somewhere.”
“Where?”
“He didn’t say.”
“Hmm,” said Ma, looking at her husband. He continued to eat, ignoring everyone. When he finished his food, he looked at Ma.
“MaMkhize and I will be off now,” he said.
“Where are you going?”
“For a drive, we’ll be back.” Bazi made her goodbyes and left the hut quickly. She fetched her handbag from her hut and found Mkwanazi waiting for her beside her car.
Once they were in the car, she looked at him.
“Where are we going?” she asked.
“Didn’t you say you’d take me to the hospital?” Mkwanazi asked irritably.
“Yes, but you said…”
“Do you want your mother widowed?”
“Of course not.”
“Then let’s get going.” They were silent on the journey, except when Mkwanazi gave Bazi directions.
They joined the short outpatients’ queue, then Mkwanazi was attended to. Bazi paid for his medication, then they left. Instead of going home, he told her that he wanted to make a short stop somewhere. She parked the car where he told her to, and followed him to a homestead.
A man met them, and Mkwanazi introduced him as his son-in-law, Sokhulu, who was also Zintle’s father. Sokhulu led them into an urban style home, and they sat in a living room.
“MaMkwanazi,” shouted the host.
“Baba,” returned a female voice. Mkwanazi and Sokhulu talked about the rains, then a woman walked into the room.
“Baba, I’m so happy to see you,” she said, going to shake Mkwanazi’s hand. He introduced her to Bazi as his daughter Letty, Zintle’s mother. He introduced Bazi as his wife’s daughter. Bazi was surprised by Letty’s warm greeting to her. Letty then said that she was going to prepare refreshments. Bazi excused herself and followed her.
They worked quickly to make the meal, as Letty talked about her job as a teacher at a local school, and asked Bazi about her work. Letty took food to the men, and returned with three boys and a girl. She introduced them as her other children Boyd, Peter, Philip and Lora. She introduced Bazi as her sister, and aunt to the children. Boyd asked why he had never seen her before, and Letty explained that Bazi worked in the big city.
The children washed their hands and sat down to eat. Letty and Bazi joined them.
“Is that your car, Aunty?” asked Lora.
“Yes,” replied Bazi.
“Did your husband let you drive it?” asked Boyd.
“I don’t have a husband, and the car’s mine, I let myself drive it,” replied Bazi.
“Women can’t buy cars.”
“I bought that one.”
“Without a husband?”
“Yes.”
“You’re not allowed!” said an indignant Boyd.
“Why not?” asked Bazi, amused.
“Because girls can’t own things, only boys can own things.” Bazi looked at Letty, who shrugged in a resigned manner.
“Nowadays, girls can own things too,” said Bazi.
“I’ll ask Baba,” said Boyd, clearly not believing Bazi.
Bazi and Mkwanazi left after lunch.
“If Ma asks me where I took you, what should I say?” asked Bazi.
“Tell her you took me to see Letty. I’ll tell her about the clinic myself.”
When they arrived home, and started unloading the car, Ma stared at the pumpkins and watermelons.
“Where did you get those?” she asked.
“From Letty,” replied Bazi.
“Letty? Zintle’s mother?”
“Yes.”
“How could you go there without telling me? You arrived empty-handed! How must it tlook to that child, when I can’t even send her a cob of maize?” demanded Ma.
“I’m sorry, but Baba didn’t tell me where we were going.”
“Hmm. That’s true.”
“You can send things with Zintle when she returns home.” Ma nodded, mollified.
Next morning, Bazi found everyone dressed very well. She greeted them.
“Are you going somewhere?” she asked.
“We’re all going to church, and that means you too,” said Ma.
“I…”
“Eat quickly. We’re late as it is. If you drive us, we’ll make it, just.”
“Ma…”
“Girls, bring in the pots of lunch,” Ma said, on her way out of the kitchen. Bazi ate a little, then she went to the car, where everyone was waiting for her. She unlocked it and everyone climbed in. The girls insisted on sitting in the boot of Bazi’s station wagon.
She drove to the gate and stopped the car. Rose climbed out of the car, and closed and locked the gate, then they went to church.
Bazi met several people who were very surprised that she was alive. After the church service, Mfundisi said that he was glad to see a lost sheep that had returned to the fold. Bazi was annoyed that he was looking at her as he said those words.
When the family returned home, Bazi was thankful that Ma had cooked lunch before they left for church. Everyone was famished and ate quickly and silently.
“Aunty, you must come more often. Since you’ve been here, we’ve been eating nice food,” said Pinky.
“Don’t be an ingrate, food is food, child,” said Mkwanazi. The girls smiled at his gruffness, clearly of the opinion that he was all bark and no bite. They cleared the dishes and said that they were going to sit in the shade of their hut, and look at the magazines that they had bought in town.
“You’ve been looking at them since you got them,” said Ma.
“You can never get too much of a good thing, Gogo,” said Rose, as the girls left.
There was a long, comfortable silence in the kitchen, as Bazi, Ma and Mkwanazi were each occupied with their own thoughts.
“I lost my job,” said Bazi.
“What?” said Ma.
“I broke up with my lover, and I was negligent at work, then I was given leave. When I returned, I was told I was suspended while I was being investigated for fraud.”
“Fraud?” gasped Ma and Mkwanazi, horrified.
“I didn’t defraud the company. What would be the point? I own half of it, it would be stealing from myself. Ma, don’t look so afraid. I’ll be proved innocent.”
“You’ll go to jail,” said Ma, distressed.
“No, I won’t, I’m innocent.”
“Innocent people end up in jail too.”
“Not me.”
“How will you make a living? You’ll die from hunger.”
“I’ve spoken to a friend in Durban, and he said he’ll give me a job once I’m cleared.”
“That’s good,” said Ma, relieved.
“I’ll be fine. How are you, Ma? Are you still the mealie-growing queen?” Ma smiled.
“I’m not as strong as I was once, Bazi, someone else is the mealie-growing queen now.”
“How do you spend your time? You’re not one to sit and do nothing. You never sat down when we were children.”
“I grow a little of this and that.”
“Do you still sew?”
“My eyes are not as good as they used to be.”
“Oh,” said Bazi.
“Don’t look so depressed, child. I’m stil the Ma you’ve always known. We manage, as you see,” said Ma.
“You haven’t told Bazi that you work for an NGO,” said Mkwanazi. Bazi looked from him to Ma with wide eyes. Ma looked down modestly.
“It’s nothing,” she said.
“Your mother’s too modest. She’s head of the volunteers who check up on child-headed homes, and tell the NGO what each family needs,” said Mkwanazi.
“That’s fantastic. I’m so proud of you, Ma,” said Bazi. Ma smiled at her.
“What went wrong between you and your beloved?” she asked. Bazi looked away, feeling put on the spot.
“Bazi?” prompted Ma.
“Jealousy split us.”
“You were jealous?”
“Yes.”
“I told you how your father’s jealousy destroyed our marriage.”
“Yes.”
“What will you do about it?”
“What can I do?”
“You can grow up, Bazilile. Jealousy is infantile and subhuman. Why would a woman your age, with your beauty, brains, and all the money you obviously have, need to be jealous? What do you have to be insecure about? I’m talking to you! Do you hear me?” demanded Ma as Bazi failed o respond.
“I hear you, Ma,” said Bazi
“Then answer me.”
“I…”
“You what?”
“I thought my lover would find someone better than me.”
“Was this lover unfaithful?”
“No.”
“Then why did you think you’d be abandoned?” Bazi looked down.
“The only person who can stop you from being jealous is you. No matter what your beloved does or doesn’t do, you’ll always be suspicious. It’s up to you to trust yourself to be lovable. Don’t you think you’re lovable? Bazi?” Bazi had no response. Instead, she watched as Mkwanazi excused himself and left the hut.
“Don’t you think you’re lovable?” repeated Ma.
“Who can love me?” asked Bazi.
“I love you, and your beloved loved you.”
“But…”
“But what?”
“I have so many faults.”
“So does everyone else.”
“I’m not lovable, Ma.”
“Who told you that?”
“Someone I knew.”
“Why did you believe that person?”
“They hurt my feelings.”
“Why are you holding onto words that hurt you? Does remembering those words make you happy? Are you happy living alone?”
“No, Ma.”
“Then forget those words.”
“I can’t.”
“Why not?”
“I just can’t, Ma.”
“You can, but you choose to stay with that pain, then you pass it to your beloved and send them away.”
“It’s not like that.”
“Then why are you alone?” Bazi had no response. There was a long silence as Bazi wondered why Ma would join other people who saw her as the inflictor of pain, when she was the victim.
“Your father often told me he was the only one who could love me and put up with me, but I never believed him because I always saw other men eyeing me, even as I got older. Eventually, I realised he was insecure, and thought himself unlovable, so he made me feel unlovable, thinking that would make me cling to him and love only him. All that did was send me away. Unless you want to spend your life as a bitter and lonely woman, you need to find a way to get over your jealousy. I’m going to join my husband,” said Ma, as she left the hut.
After dinner, Bazi lay in her hut, looking at the rafters above her. She did not want to be a lonely, bitter woman. She was going to find a way to free herself from thinking and doing jealous things. She remembered Kele’s woman saying that Kele had gotten psychological help, and decided to do the same. She felt more hopeful after making that decision.



CHAPTER FIVE

Next day, she went to fetch water at the well with the girls. They were about to push their wheelbarrow of two barrels full of water home, when Bazi noticed a familiar person looking at her.
“Aunty?” said MaGumede, one of Buti’s wives. Bazi smiled.
“Is it you, aunty Bazi?” asked MaGumede. Bazi greeted her, MaGumede looked from her to the girls and back, shock on her face.
“I have to go,” said MaGumede as she turned and hastened away.
“She didn’t fetch any water,” said Rose.
Late in the afternoon, Bazi was preparing dinner, when Rose told her that someone wanted to see her.
“Tell them to come here, I’m busy,” said Bazi. Rose left, and returned in tears.
“He said you must come,” she said. Bazi held her and told her not to cry, then she went to see who would be making a child cry. She found him outside the homestead, hiding behind the cattle kraal, as Rose had said.
“You! Why are you making my child cry? What did you do to her?” demanded Bazi.
“You are rude, and you’re teaching your child to be just like you. Don’t you greet your elders?” asked Buti.
“Did you hit my child?”
“No!”
“Then why was she crying?”
“How would I know?”
“She saw you and came to me crying. Don’t ever hit my child!” roared an incensed Bazi.
“I thought MaGumede had been hallucinating when she said she saw you at the well. How dare you come to this home! You know where Baba and I live.”
“I want to be here.”
“That woman rejected us. We belong with Baba.”
“Go away,” said Bazi, turning away.
“I’m not finished,” called Buti.
“I am,” said Bazi, as she walked into the homestead. She found Rose and asked her if she was alright. Rose had stopped crying, and refused to say what Buti had done or said to make her cry.
“I’m sorry,” said Bazi.
“It’s not your fault, Aunty. Don’t worry. Will we be eating any time soon?” Bazi returned to her pots.
Next morning, she went to town and made an appointment to see a psychologist. A cancellation had been made, and she could be fitted in later that day. She window shopped, lunched at a restaurant and returned to the psychologist’s office for her appointment.
Ten minutes into the session she asked if all the questions were necessary and the psychologist told her that she could not help her without finding out about her history. Bazi felt denuded at the end of the session. She left, certain that she had to find another way to help herself.
Feeling that the session had been a waste of time, and fearing that she would never find a solution, she decided to get drunk. Several men approached her as she sat drinking alone at the bar, and she frightened them all away.
She returned to her hotel, and checked out immediately. She decided to drive home to Ma’s, even though it was late and Ma would have preferred her to stay in town and drive home the following day.
Ma lectured her for driving at night, and smelling of alcohol. Bazi apologised, saying that she had not wanted to be alone.
Next day, she drove Ma as she returned the girls to their homes. She was glad to see that Mkwanazi’s children liked and respected Ma.
That evening, she told Ma and Mkwanazi that she was leaving, and thanked them for having her.
“It’s been great having you here, Bazilile. Come again,” said Ma. Next day, she and Ma were tearful as Bazi left.



CHAPTER SIX

Back in Johannesburg, Bazi decided that she did not want to go home. She traded her car in for a smaller and cheaper vehicle, then she rented a cottage at the opposite end of town from her home. It was furnished, and she was happy not to have to worry about furnishing it. She changed her cell phone number and decided to do pro-bono work while she waited to clear her name.
A few days later, she engaged one of her pro-bono associates to defend her in case her suspension at work led to a trial.
The fourth time she went to the law clinic, she was surpised when someone took her picture, blinding her with the camera’s flash. Next day, her picture was in a newspaper. She gasped, shocked. Why would anyone write about her? Her heart quailed as she wondered if there was going to be a trial. She read the article accompanying her picture.
The article said that she was a wealthy woman who had obviously gotten rich by defrauding her own company. Magically, the investigation against her and the charges that were going to be brought against her were dropped. The writer speculated that she had bought her way out of trouble.Bazi was stunned. No one had told that the charges had been dropped.
Later that day, her lawyer said that she had been in touch with Bazi’s company and been told that they had been trying to get in touch with her and failed. They wanted to let her know that she had been cleared of all charges. Bazi felt weak with relief.
I’ve been cleared of charges, I’ll go to the office next week, she thought with a smile. She decided to go shopping for clothes, as she had left all her work clothes in her old home.
She was guiding her trolley to her car, when she heard a familiar voice.
“Bazi? Wherethe hell have you been?” demanded Stan. Bazi looked up, and watched him approach her like an eagle swooping on its prey. He was furious.
“How dare you disappear off the face of the earth without trace! We thought you’d killed yourself,” he continued.
“Wouldn’t that have pleased you?” asked Bazi.
“No!”
“The last time we talked, you never wanted to lay eyes on me.”
“I wanted you to pull yourself together, not vanish,” said Stan, as he put his arms round Bazi. Bazi held him, glad to have her friend back.
Someone called her name. Bazi withdrew from Stan’s arms and noticed the former lover who had told her that she was unlovable. She turned and pushed her trolley away. She was glad that Stan kept up with her.
“He’ll dump you in no time. White men never last with black women,” said the former lover.
“Go away,” said Bazi.
“I’m doing you a favour by telling you what your future holds.” Bazi stopped and looked at her.
“Don’t. You never get my future right. You told me I was unlovable, but I have many people who love and care for me. You’re the only one who couldn’t love me, because you don’t know what love is,” she said, then she continued to walk away, with Stan pushing her trolley for her. Bazi was glad to notice that her former lover was no longer following her.
“Where’ve you been?” asked Stan.
“I went to see my mother.”
“How did it go?”
“Well, thanks.”
“Why haven’t you been answering your phone? And where are you staying? We’ve been checking for you in your home daily, ever since you were told you were suspended.”
“I’m living somewhere else now. This is my car.” Stan stared at the car, and looked at Bazi.
“What’s this? What are you doing with this toy car? Where’s your car?” he demanded.
“This is my car.”
“But…”
“I traded the other one in,” said Bazi as she put her purchases in her car.
“Why?”
“It reminded me of the jealous person I’ve stopped being.”
“We want to come and see you, can we?”
“Who is we?”
“Brad and me.”
“Why?”
“Because we’re your friends!” said Stan, sounding frustrated. They shared a long look.
“Can we come see you?” asked Stan.
“I’d like that. This is my address,” said Bazi, writing it on one of her business cards, and giving it to him. Stan kissed her cheek, helped her into her car, and waved her off.
Bazi spent the day investigating NLP, which she had come across while looking for other therapies to get over jealousy. By evening, she had made and confirmed an appointment with an NLP practitioner.
She was making dinner when her doorbell rang. She opened the door, and she and Stan smiled at each other. She indicated for him to enter her home, then her eyes fell on Brad. She stood in the doorway, folded her arms, and glared at him.
“I’m sorry, Bazi,” he said.
“Fraud. You had me investigated for fraud!” she shouted.
“I’m sorry! The bank was threatening to take its money. That investigation was the only way to prove your innocence, and keep the bank on our side.”
“I don’t care about them. I care that my best friend and partner, who’s known me for over fifteen years, thought I could sink so low!”
“I know you’re not a fraudster.”
“Then why couldn’t you have warned me?”
“Because I had no warning either. The day you came to work, I’d spent the night with the board of directors, some bank officials and the fraud squad, going through everything. When you arrived, the bank officials watched our interaction. I had to stay, and clear your name. Behaving other than I did would have made them suspend us both. I went to your home that evening to tell you what was going on, but you weren’t there, and you haven’t been there since then. I asked Kele where you were, she didn’t know.”
“You asked Kele? Why?” asked a surprised Bazi.
“Because I needed to find you, and tell you what I was doing. We’re partners, Bazi. I would never hang you out to dry.”
“Hmm,” said Bazi, watching Brad.
“I’ve been worried about you, we both have. I filed a missing person’s report,” continued Brad.
“Really?”
“Of course! You were gone, and Stan and I didn’t know where, neither did Kele. It could only have meant something was wrong.”
“I went to see Ma. I needed to be with people who love me.”
“I love you.”
“I know that now. I thought you’d stopped loving me.”
“In fifteen years, and through all our fights and make up sessions, did I stop loving you?”
“No.”
“Then what made you think…” Bazi put her arms round Brad and held him tight, she was relieved when he returned the embrace. She let him into her home, and invited her guests to dinner. They helped her to finish preparing it, then they ate it with great appreciation. Afterwards, they sat talking, and drinking wine.
“It must be late. What time is it?” asked Bazi.
“Quarter to three. Do want us to leave?” asked Brad. Bazi shook her head. They were silent for a while.
“I’ve been thinking,” said Stan.
“About what?” asked Bazi.
“If push comes to shove, and the homophobia in this country becomes too much, I’ll divorce Brad…”
“Over both our dead bodies!” said an incredulous Brad.
“Listen. We’ll divorce each other, then I’ll marry Bazi…”
“You have to be joking!”
“Listen! I’ll marry her, you marry her partner, we live in the same house, and continue to be with our lovers.”
“I don’t like it. I’m not divorcing you, Stan. Get that through your head.”
 “I won’t be doing it because I want to, it will be for…”
“I don’t care!”
“It’s a contingency plan, not something I want to do,” said Stan, kissing Brad. Brad’s anger subsided. When the kiss ended, they gazed into each other’s eyes.
“I should marry Bazi, she’s my best friend, afterall,” said Brad.
“No, she bosses you. She needs someone who can stand up to her. Bazi, will you marry me?” asked Stan. Bazi stared at him in shock.
“You’re married to me, Stanley!” shouted Brad.
“How could I forget?”
“Then how can you propose to someone else?”
“I’m sorry. I was joking.”
“Don’t!”
“Okay,” said Stan, kissing Brad again. The kiss heated, and they started undressing each other. Bazi thought to leave them, then she changed her mind. She did not want to listen to them making sounds of pleasure when she was not likely to ever have another lover.
“You two should go home,” she said. They broke the kiss, stilled, looked at each other, then at her.
“You should go. I don’t want to listen to you two while you’re…” she said, waving a hand from one to the other.
“Will you be okay?” asked Stan.
“Of course. Take your hushand home.” They all stood, the men hugged her and left.
Next afternoon, she went to her NLP appointment. Afterwards, she thanked her NLP facilitator, Busi. She felt hopeful, and confident that she controlled the jealousy, and that it no longer controlled her.
The following week, she went to work. Her heart was pounding as she walked into the reception area, afraid that she would be sent out as had happened the last time that she had been there.
Everyone treated her as if that unpleasant incident had never happened. The receptionist told her that she and Brad had a meeting with the board of shareholders. She joined the meeting just after it started. Everyone behaved as if they were glad to see her. She had been hoping for an apology, then decided to settle for pleasantness.
After the meeting, she followed Brad to his office. He told her that her personal assistant, Jewel, had forged her signature and siphoned money out of the company. The writing experts had discovered that Bazi and Jewel wrote their zeros differently. Bazi wrote hers from left to right, Jewel wrote his from right to left. If that had not been discovered, Bazi would have been fingered as the fraudster.
The only reason they had discovered that Jewel was the culprit was because cheques had been signed, allegedly by Bazi, days after all company material had been confiscated from her.
“Where’s Jewel now?” she asked.
“At large, the police are looking for him.”
“I hope they stay away from me.”
“They might be back, once they catch him, but they won’t be coming to accuse you or arrest you.”
“I’m glad.”
“Ready to get back to work?”
“Yes! I’ve missed this.”
Bazi decided to lease her home to an NGO. She moved out over the weeked, and the NGO moved in the following week. Try as she might, Bazi could not forget Kele. She took to watching DVDs that she and Kee had filmed of each other. She would skip the parts where she was filmed, and watch the bits about Kele. She would feel a bitter sweet pain with each sitting. One evening, she decided to stop torturing herself about things that would never be, and make new friends.
She took to accepting invitations from staff and business associates in order to meet as many people as possible. She did try to make friends, but none of them were Kele, and Kele was the only person she wanted to be with. She stopped going out, and focused on her work, spending as many hours as possible at the office to avoid having time to mope about Kele.



CHAPTER SEVEN

She was preparing to leave work one evening, when security phoned her to say that Kele insisted on seeing her. Bazi drew in an incredulous breath.
“Shall I send her in?” asked he security guard.
“Yes,” said Bazi. She stood and fixed her clothes, then she decided it was silly to bother, Kele was not there to look at her. She was probably there to ask for her gifts back, or to return the gifts that Bazi had given her. There was a knock on the door. Bazi’s heart felt as if it would leap out of her chest. The knock came again, louder. Bazi took a deep breath.
“Come in,” she called. The door opened, and Kele walked in, even more beautiful than she had been before. She had lost weight. Bazi frowned, wondering if stress was the cause of the weight loss. She wished that she could alleviate whatever was troubling her. She made herself release the frown by reminding herself that Kele wanted nothing to do with her. She decided to behave like a polite stranger, only mildly curious about whatever had brought Kele there. She meant to greet her and ask her how she could help her, but her throat refused to work. She and Kele stood watching each other as the silence stretched.
“I shouldn’t have come,” said Kele, turning to the door.
“Wait!” said Bazi, taking a step towards her and stretching a hand out to her. Kele turned to look at her.
“Would you like to sit down?” asked Bazi.
“No, thanks, I’m not staying.”
“Oh,” said a disappointed Bazi.
“I came to find out how you are, after being accused of fraud.”
“I’m fine, thanks. The real culprit has finally been found, and he’s behind bars as we speak.”
“I’m glad.” They were silent again, watching each other.
“How’s your lover?” asked Bazi, then she cursed herself for asking. It was none of her business.
“My lover?” frowned Kele.
“The one who was living with you soon after you left me.”
“I don’t have a lover.”
“A gorgeous, slim, medium height woman, Kele.” Kele frowned, thinking, then her face cleared.
“That was Violet, she’s my cousin.”
“She told me she was your lover.”
“She’s not.”
“Why have you lost weight? I’m sorry, that’s none of my business, neither is your love life or your living arrangement. I’m sorry for asking nosy questions,” said Bazi. Kele opened her mouth to say something, then she closed it. Bazi wanted to approach her and put her arms round her. She put her hands behind her back, to avoid yielding to temptation.
“Thank you for coming,” she made herself say.
“You want me to go?” asked Kele.
“No!...yes…I don’t know, Kele. I know that I want to hold you, and that I forfeited that right. Beyond that…”
“You want to hold me?” smiled Kele.
“I always want to touch and hold you, you know that. For both our sakes, you should go home before I embarrass us both.”
“I’ve never been embarrassed by having you touch me.” Bazi’s heart jolted with hope.
“You should go home,” she said.
“Do you want me to?”
“Of course not, but we’re broken up, so…”
“We can fix that.”
“What?” asked Bazi. She was sure that she was hallucinating.
“We needn’t stay broken up,” said Kele. Bazi stared at her.
“Don’t toy with me,” she said.
“I’m not toying with you.”
“You want me back?”
“I’ve always wanted you. I tried to get over you, Bazi, but it’s just not in me.”
“I can’t get over you either.”
“Do you want to try again?”
“Yes, please.”
“Good. I have to go. Can we meet after work tomorrow?”
“Okay.”
“Come to my house for dinner. I’ll text you the address and the directions.”
“Okay.”
“I have to go. Bye.”
“Can I have a kiss?”
“No.”
“Why not?” demanded Bazi.
“We need to talk first. See you.”
“Can I call you?”
“We’ll talk tomorrow, I really have to go,” said Kele, then she turned and left quickly. Bazi cursed herself for being pushy. She sat down and went over her conversation with Kele. She had not been hallucinating. Kele wanted her back, and they were going to meet to chart a way forward.
I mustn’t mess this up. Few people get second chances, I’m getting a third chance. If I mess it up, I’m unworthy of it. But I’m worthy of this chance, and of Kele, and she’s worthy of my love and trust, thought Bazi. She smiled, then she went home.
During lunch the following afternoon, she went to buy a few things for her meeting with Kele. She left work early, in order to freshen up at home, before going to meet Kele. When she was dressed, she closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
I will not be too eager. If Kele’s serious, we’ll take things slow, and I’ll be the new woman I’ve pledged to be, she said to herself.
She was nervous when she arrived outside Kele’s complex. She gave her name and security buzzed Kele, then they let Bazi into the complex. She was relieved that no one seemed to remember the last time that she had been there.
She approached Kele’s home with a pounding heart. Kele opened the door. She looked fabulous in a dress that hugged her body and showed it to great advantage. Bazi stopped and just stared at her, so very glad to see her.
“Are you alright?” asked Kele.
“Yes.”
“Are you coming in?” Bazi nodded, and approached Kele. Kele stepped back and let Bazi into her home. Bazi took a deep breath, wanting to smell Kele. She smelled great, as always. Bazi turned to watch Kele close the door. Kele looked at her.
“Come this way,” she said. Bazi was glad that she was not the only one who was nervous. Kele led her to the lounge and invited her to sit down. Bazi sat down, then she stood as the woman who had claimed to be Kele’s girlfriend walked into the room.
“Bazi, this is my cousin, Violet. Vi, this is Bazi,” said Kele.
“Hi, Violet,” said Bazi. Violet nodded without looking at Bazi and left the room through another door.
“Sorry,” said Kele. Bazi shrugged and sat down.
“I’ll get you a drink,” said Kele. Bazi half stood to go with her, than she told herself to sit down. Kele had been looking at her enquiringly. When she sat down, Kele left the room. Bazi took several deep breaths. Her face lit up when she heard approaching footsteps, then it fell when Violet entered the room, looking at the cell phone in her hand.
“If you break Kele’s heart again, I’ll break your neck,” she said as she walked out of the room. Bazi was uncertain if she had heard or imagined those words. Kele returned with a tray containing three glasses, and a carton of peach and orange juice, Bazi’s favourite juice. She put the tray on the table, sat down and poured the juice. She handed Bazi the glass with one ice cube. Bazi liked only one ice cube in whatever cold liquid she was drinking. She thanked Kele and sipped on her juice as Kele sipped on hers.
Violet joined them, and sat down. Kele gave her a glass of juice. They were all quiet for a while.
“Are you here to torture Kele some more?” asked Violet, glaring at Bazi.
“No!” said Bazi, outraged by the question.
“I told her to stay away from you, but she refuses. I can’t stop her coming to you, but I will kill you if you hurt her.”
“Violet,” warned Kele.
“I’m not here to hurt Kele,” said Bazi.
“Then why are you here?” asked Violet.
“Violet!” snapped Kele.
“It’s okay, I want to answer,” Bazi said to Kele, then she put her glass on the table, and looked at Kele.
“The relationship I had with you was the first loving relationship I’d ever had. I couldn’t believe you really loved me becasuse no one else had ever loved me. In my desperate need to keep you loving me, I became jealous, wanting you to love only me and no one else.
“In the time we’ve been apart, I realised that if you’d done to me what I did to you, I’d have gone crazy.
“I’m sorry, Kele. I will never, ever, treat you that way again. Will you forgive me?” she asked. Kele watched her with tears in her eyes, and nodded. Violet gave an impatient sigh. Bazi stood and knelt before Kele.
“I love you Kele, with all my heart, and I love who I am when I’m with you. I know what makes you happy, and I know what hurts you. If you take a chance with me, I promise that this time, I’ll do what pleases you because I feel great knowing I’m pleasing you. Will you marry me?” she asked. Kele and Violet gasped in shock.
“I could give you lots of reasons why you should marry me, but the only reason that matters is that I love you, and I intend to treat you as the queen that you are. Will you marry me?” repeated Bazi.
Kele stood and put a chair between her and Bazi then she turned to look at her. Bazi forced herself to stay on her knees, even though she wanted to stand, and touch Kele. Kele’s mouth opened and closed soundlessly. I’ll wait, thought Bazi as she sat back on her heels, preparing to wait as long as it took.
“You’re going too fast,” said Kele.
“I don’t understand,” frowned Bazi.
“I invited you here to talk about a relationship, not marriage.”
“Marriage is a relationship.”
“Bazi, don’t use words to run rings round me. We both know you’re the queen of eloquence.”
“It’s not my aim to run rings round you.”
“Then what are you doing?”
“I’m showing you how much I love you and how highly I regard you. I’m telling you that I want to commit mentally, emotionally and legally, to you.”
“Why?”
“Because that’s the only way I know to show my commitment to you and our relationship,” Bazi said earnestly. She watched Kele watching her.
“What do you have in mind?” she asked.
“We need to get to know each other again, then draw a prenuptial contract, get married, then move in together,” replied Bazi. Kele drew back, surprised.
“You don’t want me living with you?”
“I think living apart before we marry will help us set new boundaries, and give us time to find a home together and furnish it together. We’ve never done that before. First, I moved in with you, then you moved in with me. This time, let’s move in with each other.”
“I need time.”
“You’ll get it.”
“Get up, Bazi, you must be uncomfortable there.”
“Will you marry me?”
“I said I need time!”
“I’ll get up when you give me an answer, one way or the other.”
“Bazi…”
“I’m not asking you to marry me tonight, just say you’ll marry me, and we’ll work out the details later.”
“I…”
“Yes or no?”
“Yes! You know its yes,” Kele said. Feeling weak with relief, Bazi stood and returned to her seat.
“I wonder how long this marriage will last. With a proposal that aggressive, and an acceptance like that, it’s not exactly the stuff from romance novels,” said Violet.
“Will you put the food on the table, Vi?” suggested Kele.
“No, I’m going out. No doubt you two love birds need time alone,” said Violet. She left the room,and she returned with her handbag.
“Don’t wait up,” she said, then she left. Bazi and Kele looked from the closed door to each other. Kele left the room. Bazi dusted off her knees and legs, then she walked about, stretching her legs. Kele returned, Bazi stopped walking and watched her.
“Dinner’s ready. Come this way,” she said. Bazi followed her to the dining room. They sat at the table, watching each other, instead of eating.
“You din’t tell me why you lost weight,” said Bazi.
“I wanted to.”
“Oh,” said Bazi, displeased.
“Do you like the way I look?”
“No.”
“Neither do I.”
“Then why did you make yourself lose weight?”
“I thought it would help me get another lover.”
“Did you want one?”
“No, but I didn’t know if you’d still want me.”
“I will always want you.”
“I can’t go through your jealous antics again, Bazilile. If you treat me the way you did before, I’ll kill you, then kill myself, because I won’t want to live without you, and I won’t kill myself only so you can make yourself and someone else miserable with your jealousy.”
“There’ll be no more jealousy.”
“I’ve heard that before.”
“This time, I mean it. I got help.”
“Help?”
“Psychological help. I won’t be going crazy with jealousy.” Bazi watched as Kele studied her closely for the truth and sincerity. When she was satisfied, Bazi saw a look of pleasant surprise cross her face.
“I’m glad, we both deserve better than that,” she said. Bazi nodded.
“When do you want us to be married?” asked Kele.
“When we marry has to be agreeable to both of us. I’m thinking six months, it could be later or sooner, depending on how we both feel. What did you have in mind?”
“I don’t know if I can wait six months. I’ve missed you, Bazi, so much. I miss your voice, your laugh, your smell. I miss seeing your clothes in the room I use. I miss quarrelling with you and making up with you. I miss you when I visit Nandi and you’re not there to roll your eyes every time she complains about her husband. I miss everything about you. I want us to move in together now. I need you.”
“We need to get to know each other again.”
“We already know each other.”
“We need to set new boundaries, so I know what you consider unreasonable, then I won’t do it.”
“I consider you following me, taping my conversations, and asking about every single person I talk to, unreasonable and sick. I love you, Bazi, I don’t want to cheat you. I never have, and I never will.”
“I know.”
“Have you ever cheated on me?”
“No!” denied Bazi, shocked by the question.
“I want us to move in together, tonight.”
“No.”
“Why not, Bazi?”
“I’m not ready.”
“What are you talking about? Don’t you want to be with me anymore?”
“You know I do, but not yet.”
“We belong together.”
“Yes, but…”
“But nothing! If you’re not spending the night here, then I’ll go home with you.”
“I’m catching a plane out to Australia in a few hours.”
“What?”
“I’m going away for two weeks.”
“Bazi!”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t know we’d decide to try again.”
“Get Brad to go.”
“He’s in London.”
“When will we get married with you traipsing all over the world?”
“I’ll be back in a month, Kele.”
“It’s too long. We need time together.”
“We’ll have time when I return.” Kele stood, displeased, and started clearing the table. She took some dishes to the kitchen and returned for more. She was about to pick up you a few more dishes, when Bazi gripped her wrist. She tried to free herself, but Bazi would not release her. Instead, she put an arm round her waist, and manoeuvred her onto her lap. Kele looked at her, wondering how she had landed on Bazi’s lap.
“I’m sorry. If I could get out of this trip, I would, but I can’t,” said Bazi. She and Kele shared a long look, then Bazi put her free hand on Kele’s cheek, and caressed her face. She followed her hand with her mouth, kissing Kele’s cheek, chin, throat, then she kissed her gently. She became concerned when Kele did not respond. She put more energy into her kiss, making sure to keep it gentle still. She was glad to feel Kele’s lips moving against hers. The kiss became more enthusiastic, and deeper. Bazi was glad to hear Kele moan the way she always did, when she was kissed the way she liked. She was disappointed when Kele broke the kiss. They panted, forehead to forehead. Kele drew back, and looked at Bazi.
“Are you packed?” she asked. Bazi frowned.
“Packed?”
“For your trip to Australia.”
“Yes, everything is in my car.”
“Can I see you to the airport?” Bazi smiled with tears in her eyes. Kele wiped them away.
“What’s the matter, Bazi?”
“I’m so glad you offered. I was dreading driving myself there, remembering the times you would drive me.”
“What time’s your flight?” Bazi told Kele, and Kele looked at her watch.
“We need to leave in ten minutes if you’re to make your flight,” she said. She stood, collected her handbag, and they left the house.
“Should we take my car or yours?” she asked.
“Yours. I’m sure you’re more comfortable driving it,” said Bazi. They took her bags, and put them in Kele’s car.
“Can I leave my car and car keys here?” asked Bazi.
“Of course.”
They stood beside each other as Bazi checked in. Bazi’s flight was called. She hugged Kele, kissed her cheek, and walked away. She stopped before reaching the boarding gate, and returned to Kele.
“I love you,” she said. Kele gave her a big smile, and Bazi felt like skipping with joy, for having made Kele smile.
After checking into the hotel in Australia, she phoned Kele to let her know that she had arrived safely. Kele semed to be absentminded, and said that she would call Bazi back. Bazi stared at the phone, wondering where Kele would phone her, as she had not given her the hotel details. She unpacked, freshened up, and tried to sleep. Wondering why Kele had sounded odd kept her awake. She phoned Kele back, and got voice message.
She ordered room service, ate, and tried to sleep again, it did not work. She looked over her notes for the business that she had come to conduct. She fell asleep after two in the morning. When her alarm clock woke her, she was still sleepy. She phoned Kele.
“Bazi! I’m so glad you phoned me back. When I wanted to phone you back, I realised I didn’t have your number,” said Kele.
“Sorry to call you so late, I was worried about you.”
“I’m fine.”
“Why did you cut the call so abruptly?”
“I…got a shock.”
“A shock?”
“It’s nothing to worry about.”
“Kele…”
“I can’t talk about it over the phone.”
“Are you sure you’re alright?”
“Absolutely. Don’t worry, sweetheart.”
“Oh, Kele, it’s so long since you last called me that.”
“I love you, Bazi.”
“I love you, too, Kele.”
“Hurry back, I want you with me, not half way across the world.”
“I’ll be back. I’m so glad you came to see me in my office the other day.”
“So am I. Do you know what I did when I got back from work tonight?”
“No.”
“I sat in your car, so I could feel close to you.”
“Oh, Kele,” said Bazi, stroking the phone.
“I went to our home, and was told you’d rented it out.”
“I couldn’t stand to live there without you.”
“If we carry on talking, I’ll cry, so I think we should say bye.”
“I love you, Kele.”
“I love you, too, Bazi. Bye.” Bazi kissed the phone, then she was able to get on with her day.
Throughout her time in Australia, she worked as many hours of the day as she could, in an endeavour to return home before the four weeks were over. She finished most of her work in twenty three days, but someone she was to meet on day twenty nine could not reschedule, she had to wait two days, during which she was too impatient to go home to explore the country that she was in.



CHAPTER EIGHT

When she arrived in South Africa, she was surprised to be met by Brad and Stan. She expected them both to be at work as she arrived just after seven in the morning. They hugged her, and started pushing her trolley for her. Kele joined them, and held Bazi tight, before greeting the men. They hugged her, and looked at Bazi.
“We’ve decided to try again,” said Bazi. The men nodded.
“We’re getting married,” said Kele. Brad and Stan looked from her to Bazi in shock, then they congratulated them and hugged them again.
“I’ll take Bazi,” she said.
“We also want to see her to her home,” said Brad.
“Okay, wait for me outside the airport, and we’ll go together.” They all went to Kele’s car, and the men put Bazi’s luggage in it, before going to their car.
Kele drove out of the airport, and Brad and Stan followed her car.
“This is not the way to your home or mine,” said Bazi.
“It’s the way to our home,” said Kele.
“Our home?”
“I’ve had time, while you were in Australia, to go over every single word you said the night you came to my place. You said we needed to get married.”
“Yes.”
“And that we need a home in both our names.”
“Yes.”
“I’ve got a magistrate who’ll marry us…”
“What?”
“…and I’ve signed for our new home. The magistrate and the bank need your signature, so we can be married in our own home. The magistrate will be home later this morning. A banker will visit you later this afternoon so you can co-sign for the bond.”
“Kele…”
“Don’t you want to marry me?”
“Of course I do.”
“Do you want to live with me?”
“Of course.”
“That’s good. You said we could only move in together when we’re married.”
“Yes.”
“We’re getting married in a few hours.”
“Kele!” gasped a shocked Bazi.
“Mme says you can pay magadi.”
“What?”
“People expect magadi from someone who marries their daughter.”
“Yes, when the person is male!”
“She’s coming to our wedding. She says she’ll discuss magadi with you over the weekend when we visit her.”
Bazi was shocked speechless. She watched as Kele stopped before a huge black gate in a fancy neighbourhood, then she pressed a remote, and the gate opened. Bazi’s jaw dropped as she looked about at the big grounds with manicured lawns and trees. She did a double-take when she saw the large house that Kele parked infront of.
“Welcome home, sweetheart,” said Kele, as she climbed out of the car. Bazi climbed out of the car slowly, trying to take everything in. A woman came out of the house, and greeted Kele, and then Bazi.
“Bazi, this MaBanda, our housekeeper. MaBanda, this is Bazi, I told you about her,” said Kele. Bazi and MaBanda greeted each other, then she told Bazi that someone was waiting to see her.
“Me?”
“It must the person from the bank. Come,” said Kele, leading the way into the house.
“What does this person want to see me about?” asked Bazi.
“I told you, you have to co-sign the bond.” Bazi frowned. Her smile vanished as she looked about. The house was beautiful, and beautifully furnished.
“Whatever this costs, I can’t afford it,” she said.
“You know you can. We’re not going to be cheap about any part of our marriage.”
“But…” said Bazi as they entered a lounge. A man got to his feet.
“John, thank you for coming. This is Bazi, she’ll cosign for the bond. Bazi, this is John, he’s handling the house sale for us at the bank,” said Kele. Bazi and John greeted each other.
“I can’t afford this house,” repeated Bazi. John looked from her to Kele.
“Leave the document with me, I’ll bring it to you tomorrow,” Kele said to him. He handed it to her, and told her and Bazi to phone him if they had any questions. Kele walked him out of the house as Bazi continued to look at other parts of the house, and make sounds of disbelief, as she marvelled at Kele’s audacity in thinking they could buy such a big house. Kele returned with Stan and Brad.
“What were you thinking when you signed a mortgage for such a big mansion?” asked Bazi.
“I feel like I’m in a palace,” said Stan. He and Brad looked as stunned as Bazi felt.
“Brad, Stan, you’re invited to our wedding. Bazi and I are getting married in a few hours,” said Kele.
“You haven’t answered my question,” said Bazi.
“Why did I choose this house? Because we deserve it.”
“We deserve to spend the rest of our lives in debt?”
“It’s going for a song, Bazi.”
“How can a place this size…”
“It was repossessed, and no one bought it when it was auctioned. John told me about it because the bank was desperate to get rid of it. When I came to see it, I knew then, as I know now, that we’re going to be very happy here.”
“But…”
“We’ll look at the numbers, then you can decide, sweetheart. Right now, we need to get ready. The marriage officer will be here in an hour.”
“Are you sure about this, Kele? I think we’re moving too fast.”
“No, we’re not. We want and need to be together, and this is how we can do it. I’ll show you to your room. We’ll move into one room after we’re married.
Bazi followed Kele to a bedroom. She noticed that things that she had left in the rental cottage were in there. Kele showed her into a bedroom, and showed her the dress she had bought for their wedding.
“I knew you wouldn’t have time to get a wedding dress, so I bought it for you, I hope you don’t mind,” said Kele. Bazi looked at the dress, then she looked at Kele.
“It’s gorgeous. You always did have great taste.”
“I’m glad you like it. I’m going to get dressed,” said Kele. She kissed Bazi gently, and left.
Bazi explored her bedroom, her cupboards and the ensuite bathroom. She noticed her suitcase and took her toiletries out of it. After her shower, she dressed and looked at herself in the mirror. She looked great. A knock on the door startled her. She went to open it. Brad gasped, looking at her. Bazi smiled.
“You look fabulous. Come, it’s time to get married. I have to take you to the marriage room,” he said.
“Where are we getting married? I thought we were doing it in the lounge.”
“There are three lounges. I’ll take you to the right one. Come,” he said, offering her his arm. She took it, and he led the way.
Outside the lounge, Kele was waiting for Bazi. Bazi’s eyes widened when she saw her, then she gave a catcall. Kele smiled, then she approached Bazi, and kissed her gently. The kiss heated, and they clutched each other close.
“Are you two planning on pre-empting the wedding night?” asked Brad. Bazi and Kele broke the kiss, and panted, watching each other.
“You need to fix your make-up,” said Bazi, caressing Kele’s lips. Kele kissed her fingers, and stepped into the bathroom.
“The marriage officer needs you to sign the application to marry. He made an exception in agreeing to marry you and Kele when you weren’t there to register to get married,” said Brad. Bazi met the marriage officer and signed the relevant documents, then she went to wait for Kele. Kele joined her, and music started playing. Kele took her hands in hers.
“I know we didn’t discuss this, but I’m hoping you don’t feel ambushed and forced into marrying me,” she said.
“I feel as if I’ve been swept off my feet.”
“Is that good or bad?” Bazi smiled, and Kele sighed with relief.
“We’re walking in together. Do you want us to walk in separately?” she asked.
“I’m happy for us to walk in together.” The music changed to ‘I got you babe’.
“This is our marriage song. Are you okay with it?” asked Kele.
“It’s perfect. Let’s go.” They held hands, and walked in together.
Bazi was aware of about twenty people in the room, on their feet. She did not pay attention to who they were, being more focused on Kele. The two of them stopped before the marriage officer.
The marriage officer led them in making vows, then she said that Kele had something to say. Kele turned to Bazi, and Bazi turned to her. They held hands, and looked deep into each other’s eyes.
“Bazi, when you came into my life, I wasn’t looking for a relationship. I sent you away many times, as you persued me, but you wouldn’t go away. In time, I started to like you. It never occurred to me that I’d fall in love with you, but here we are, six years after falling in love, getting married. I’d never thought to get married, but once you mentioned it, I realised it was what I wanted too.
“I pledge to love you and cherish you to the end of my days. We are not splitting up. We will get help for whatever problems crop up between us, because I’m not going to be without you again.
“The first time we separated, I thought I’d die. This last time, everything was worse than being dead. If you sign this marriage certificate, know that it’s binding for this life time, and that my love is for life. Will you sign this marriage certificate with me?” asked Kele. With tears in her eyes, Bazi nodded. They were pronounced married and told to kiss the bride. They shared a gentle kiss, and smiled at each other.
They turned to their guests who were clapping and cheering for them, and led the way to the dining room where food had been set up buffet style. Everyone served themselves, and sat down to eat.
After lunch, the bridal couple opened their gifts, then they thanked the guests for coming and for the gifts. When the last car had left, Bazi and Kele turned to each other.
“I have to go to work,” said Kele. Bazi frowned.
“I’m sorry, sweetheart, I can’t leave the office unattended, but I’ll make it up to you,” said Kele.
“I look forward to that. I love you, Kele.”
“I love you, too, Bazi.” Kele kissed her, took her hand, and they went into the house. She led her to a huge bedroom.
“This is our room,” she said. Bazi’s jaw dropped as she looked at the size, and the decorations in the room. The bed was round and enormous.
“I have to change, then I’ll go,” said Kele, as she changed quickly. Bazi sat on the bed, and watched her. Kele picked up her belongings, kissed Bazi’s cheek, and left. Bazi followed her outside, and watched her driving off.
She looked about at the grounds, and walked about. The place was huge, and beautiful. Bazi returned to the house, and walked the whole house. When she was done, she went to change out of her wedding gown, and fell asleep on the bed she would share with Kele.
When she woke up an hour later, she freshened up.
“Hi, sweet Bazi,” said Kele. Bazi was surprised to see her.
“I wasn’t expecting you,” she said.
“I gave myself permission to come home early, and be with my wife.” Bazi smiled.
“Hi, wife,” she said.
“Hi, wife.”
“I think we should dress in our wedding gowns for dinner and then have our wedding night.”
“What a great idea. Did I tell you that I love you?”
“Yes, you did, and I love you, too. I’m going to take a bath and change, then we can have dinner. Is that okay with you?”
“Yes,” said Bazi, and she kissed Kele. When the kiss ended, Bazi watched Kele walk out of the room.
She looked at the bond agreement that John had brought and frowned at what she saw. She sat thinking, then she thought up an alternative payment arrangement. She jotted down her idea, and made calculations until she was happy, then she put the agreement away with her new calculations. She went to change in the bedroom.
She smiled, hearing Kele sing in the bathroom. Kele had always loved taking long baths. Bazi dressed and went to the kitchen to see what there was to eat for dinner.
MaBanda was there, preparing food. Bazi noticed that the meal comprised of her favourite foods, and Kele’s favourite foods. She helped where she could, then the food was ready. They set it up in the dining room, then MaBanda said that she was done for the day, and left.
Bazi found candles, set them up, and lit them on the table. She switched off the lights, and surveyed the room. She smiled, hearing Kele’s approaching footsteps. Kele stood at the door, and gasped. Bazi’s smile widened, as she approached her and kissed her cheek.
“Let’s eat. Come and sit down,” she said, taking her hand, and leading her to her seat. She helped her into it, and sat beside her. They played with their food, more interested in watching each other. Bazi let herself show the love in her heart. She had vowed that this time, she would let herself show how much she loved Kele, and trust Kele not to take advantage of her vulnerability. She realised that Kele was looking at her with love.
“I’m done. Can we get on with our wedding night?” suggested Bazi.
“I’m so glad you brought it up,” said Kele, getting to her feet. She helped Bazi to her feet, kissed her quickly and hurried her to their bedroom.
Bazi noticed two negligees on the bed. They were made of thin lacy material, just the way Bazi liked them. She smiled at Kele. Kele did not smile back, she was looking at Bazi intently. Bazi helped her to sit at the dressing table, then she helped her to wipe off her make up. Kele took every opportunity to plant kisses on Bazi’s hands, cheek, or whatever body part was closest to her.
Bazi then undressed Kele, kissing whatever part she unveiled. When Kele was naked, she stood, and started undressing Bazi. Bazi pushed her hands off, and made to undress herself.
“I want to undress my bride myself,” said Kele. Bazi dropped her hands, and let Kele undress her. When she was naked, she watched Kele look her over.
“You are divine,” said Kele.
“And you are magnificent,” said Bazi, kissing Kele.
“I’ve missed you, so much,” she continued.
“We’re together now,” said Kele, putting her arms round Bazi’s shoulders. Bazi kissed her, running her tongue all over Kele’s mouth. Kele returned the favour, and Bazi became more excited. She gasped and broke the kiss when she felt Kele’s hand fondling her breast.
“You have the best pair of breasts in the world,” she panted.
“You’re the one with those, Kele,” said Bazi as she bent her head to suck on one of Kele’s breasts. She held it in one hand as she ran her other hand down Kele’s flanks. She sucked hard on the nipple in her mouth and Kele moaned. Bazi decided to give Kele a wedding night to remember. She drew back from her.
“Bazi?” said Kele. Bazi kissed her and led her to the bed. She made to help her onto it and Kele resisted.
“Wait, I want to give you something,” she said, as she went to the cupboard and opened it. She bent down and Bazi wolf whistled. Kele giggled. She always giggled like a teenager whenever Bazi wold-whistled at her.
She straightened and Bazi watched her approach with a wrapped gift.
“My wedding present to you, the love of my life,” she said.
“You’ve already given me so much today,” said Bazi.
“Are you saying you don’t want this?” Kele asked indicating the gift in her hand.
“Of course I want it, I want whatever you want to give me.”
“Then take it.” Bazi approached Kele and kissed her long and gentle. When she broke the kiss, Kele clutched her close, her knees had obviously given out on her. Bazi helped her to sit on bed, then she picked the gift up from the floor, where Kele had dropped it in the heat of the kiss.
She opened it, took out the box, and opened it too. Her eyes watered as she looked at the gift.
“You told me how you spent your late teens yearning for a Walkman because you were lonely. They don’t have them now, so I got you the next best thing, an MP3 player,” said Kele. Bazi looked at her, speechless. She put the gift beside Kele, knelt before her and kissed thoroughly.
“I love you,” panted Kele. Bazi nodded, too choked up to speak. Kele took the gift off the bed and put it on the sidetable.
“Come join me,” she said, taking Bazi’s hand. Bazi stood, and straddled Kele’s lap, then she kissed her deeply, pushing back, until Kele was on her back. She broke the kiss and put her hand on Kele’s cheeks, planting kisses all over her face. She could feel Kele’s hands caressing her back and her outer thighs.
She kissed her throat as she caressed her breasts, then she was planting kisses all over one breast, as she fondled the other with both hands. She was delighted to hear Kele’s deep-seated moan. She sucked one of her breasts, and felt Kele’s hand pressing on her head. She started kissing the other breast as she fondled the one that she had been sucking on. She sucked on the breast that she had been kissing, then she gasped, feeling Kele’s hand between her legs.
“Stop,” she panted.
“Don’t you want me touching you?”
“You know I do, I just need to…Kele,” moaned Bazi, closing her eyes as Kele caressed her clit. She felt Kele firming her touch, and knew that she would not stop. She kissed Kele, then she climbed off her.
“Where are you going?”
“Not far,” replied Bazi, as she went to a set of drawers, and opened them one after the other.
“What are you looking for?” asked Kele.
“Found it,” said Bazi, as she took several scarves out of a drawer and returned to Kele.
“Why do you need those?” asked Kele.
“Sit in the middle of the bed.”
“Why?”
“Because I said so.”
“Okay,” said Kele. She sat up and moved to the middle of the bed. Bazi told her to lie down, then she took one of her hands and tied it to the headboard.
“What are you doing?” asked Kele.
“Tying you up.”
“Why?”
“Don’t be alarmed, darling. It’s nothing bad. I just want to touch you and focus on you, without being distracted by having your hands on me.”
“You don’t want my hands on you?”
“I always want your hands on me, but we both know that once your touches give me an orgasm, I’ll fall asleep.”
“Yes.”
“I don’t want to fall asleep until I’ve driven you crazy and left you weak with satisfaction.”
“Why didn’t you just say so?” smiled Kele. Bazi kissed her and tied both her hands, then she straddled her hips again. Kele was panting beneath her, watching her out of excited eyes. Bazi’s eyes landed on her breasts.
“I think I was sucking you here, when you interrupted me,” she said, resuming her sucking and licking mission. She could hear Kele panting. She caressed her belly, and followed her hands with her lips.
She could feel a light sheen of sweat on Kele, and that excited her more. She sat up, unstraddled Kele, and spread her legs, then she settled between them. She looked at Kele, her eyes were full of anticipation. Bazi planted a kiss on her mound, and Kele moaned.
Bazi raised Kele’s knees, and looked between her legs. She was wet, and and her folds were thick with desire. She leant forward and licked Kele. Kele’s hips came off the bed. Bazi smiled and licked her again, again, her hips came off the bed.
Bazi put her hands on her hips and started licking her in earnest. She tasted Kele’s juices and felt them pouring out of her, indicating her excitement. Bazi licked the clit before her, and Kele moaned loudly. Bazi licked it again and Kele moaned her name. Bazi licked it several times, then she caressed it, just the way Kele liked, as she resumed licking her swollen folds. She opened her out and thrust her tongue into her, stabbing it in and out of her.
Kele’s hips moved in excitement as she moaned louder, then she stilled and Bazi felt her shake and shudder in a great orgasm. She continued to lick and caress until Kele stilled. She raised up and lay her body fully on Kele’s as she kissed her. Kele kissed her back enthusiastically. Bazi shifted until she lay on her side, beside Kele, then she sat up, and untied Kele’s hands.
She helped her to sit up, and held her tight. Kele rested against her.
“I’ve missed you so much,” she said.
“I missed you too, but as you said, we’re together again.” Kele raised her head from Bazi’s bosom.
“I won’t be parted from you ever again,” she vowed. Bazi nodded, incapable of words in the face of Kele’s seriousness. Kele helped Bazi to straddle her lap, then she kissed her.
Bazi broke the kiss, feeling Kele’s hands fondling her breast deeply, waking all her sleeping nerve ends. She moaned and arched her back, her head thrown back. She put her hands on Kele’s head when Kele started sucking one of her breasts. She sucked softly at first, just the way Bazi liked, then she sucked harder, filling Bazi with great desire.
Bazi felt Kele’s mouth on her other breast, sucking on her, then she felt a finger caressing her clit. She bucked with excitement. The finger caressed her over and over again, then Bazi felt fingers caressing her folds. Their touch was light and teasing. She put a hand on Kele’s, and firmed her touch. Kele firmed her touch, caressing Bazi’s folds, then she opened them out and inserted a finger into her, as a finger continued to caress her clit.
The finger in her was joined by another, then a third as they thrust in and out, and circled inside her, waking all her pleasure receptors.
“Kele,” panted Bazi, desperate with desire. She could feel her body clench the fingers in it with great excitement. Kele focused her fingers on a certain spot and Bazi’s hips moved to the rhythm of the fingers, then she cried out, her eyes shut tight as she felt the pleasure fill her whole body and erupt like a volcano.
Her head fell forward when she was done, and landed on Kele’s shoulder, as she panted, trying to catch her breath. Kele raised her head and kissed her gently, then she broke the kiss and put her arms round her. Bazi raised weak arms to hold her.
She smiled feeling Kele plant gentle kisses on her shoulder and the side of her neck. She kissed Kele’s neck, then she nipped her lightly. Kele nipped her hard enough to make her cry out, then she soothed the nip by licking her.
“You’re starting to get cold, we should freshen up,” said Kele. Bazi unstraddled Kele weakly, Kele stood, helped her to her feet ,and led her to the bathroom. They showered quickly, and went to climb into bed, their sleepwear forgotten.
Bazi lay beside Kele, amazed that she was already married. She moved closer to Kele, and put an arm round her waist.
“Bazi?” said Kele.
“Yes?”
“I’m so glad you’re here.”
“So am I.”
They woke late the following morning, and rushed off to work. Kele phoned Bazi at midmorning.
“Did you sign the bond papers?” she asked.
“No.”
“Why not?”
“We need to talk.”
“John needs the papers now, signed.”
“Did you open the envelope with the agreement?”
“No.”
“If you open it, you’ll find I did recalcualtions so we can be done paying in five years, instead of twenty five years.”
“But the agreement is for twenty five years.”
“I refuse to spend my life in debt. We’ll be done in five years.”
“Bazi…”
“The only agreement I’ll sign is the five year one. Alternatively, I can make a once-off payment, and you can pay me your share in instalments.” Kele was silent for so long, Bazi became concerned.
“I’ll call you back,” she said, and cut the call. Bazi hoped that they could come to an agreement where she did not feel as if she was being taken advantage of. After lunch, Kele invited her to talk to John at his office, after work. Bazi agreed.
She and Kele met at the bank’s reception area, then John fetched them to his office. He explained that the agreement was for twenty five years, and told them how easy it would be on their pockets, paying small amounts that would not strain their budgets if they stuck with it.
Bazi suggested a once-off payment, and John looked at her as if she was mad. He explained again, what he thought were the advantages of the bond.
“We’re not signing for that bond,” said Bazi.
“The paper work has already been submitted, there can be no going back,” insisted John.
“Don’t you get a bonus for bringing in a lump sum?”
“Yes, but that paper work has not been filed.”
“Look at it this way, John, you let us make a once off payment, or take the mansion back, and find another buyer.”
“Don’t be so all or nothing.”
“This is an all or nothing deal because it’s this way, or no way.” Bazi and John glared at each other, then John looked at Kele.
“What do you say?” he asked.
“I agree with Bazi,” said Kele.
“Kele!”
“Bazi’s a financial expert, if she says this is the best way, I believe her.”
“You have no idea how much paper work will be involved.”
“The bonus you’ll get will make it worth your while,” Bazi said sarcastically.
“John, take this deal before Bazi changes her mind,” said Kele, stroking Bazi’s back soothingly. Bazi was holding onto her temper by a thread.
“Well?” she demanded.
“Fine!” shouted John.
“If this is not to your liking, we can find other accommodation.”
“That won’t be necessary. I’ll get the paper work in place.”
“Great, and I’ll do the transfer now.”
“Great!” said John, smiling for the first time, before typing into his computer.
After the meeting, Bazi and Kele drove home in their separate cars.
They met in their shower, to freshen up. When they were dressed, they sat on the sofa in their room, both exhausted.
“Do you want to talk about repayments?” asked Bazi.
“Yes, but not now. Mme wants to throw us a huge reception once you’ve paid magadi.”
“Really?”
“Really. I’m sorry I didn’t arrange a honeymoon. I didn’t know what your schedule is like.”
“I didn’t expect it. I wasn’t expecting the wedding this soon, but I’m very happy to be married to you.”
“So am I. I’m hungry, can we go and eat?”
Bazi woke with a moan, and opened her eyes. She was disappointed to realise that Kele was not sucking on her breast, or driving her crazy, caressing her belly, just the way she liked. She felt for Kele, she was not on the bed beside her. She sat up, and heard Kele in the bathroom. She knew that she would take quite a while in there. She climbed out of bed, and went to knock on the bathroom door. Kele invited her to enter, she opened the door, and smiled, seeing Kele in the tub, covered in bubbles.
“Is it okay if I shower while you bath?” she asked.
“Sure,” said Kele. Bazi brushed her teeth, then she bent towards Kele and kissed soundly. She drew back from the kiss, and smiled, satisfied to see the dazed expression on Kele’s face.
“Good morning,” she said. Kele could only nod. Bazi climbed into the shower cubicle and freshened up.
She joined Kele in the kitchen. Kele kissed her, helped her into a seat, and put a bowl of cereal before her.
“Thanks, Kele. Sit down, let’s eat,” said Bazi. Kele took some fruits from a bowl, put them in a plate, and sat down with them before her. Bazi looked from the fruit to her, puzzled.
“Where’s your food?” she asked.
“This is it,” Kele said, looking at the fruits. Bazi remembered that she was on a diet.
“Can I join you on your diet?” she asked. Kele looked at her.
“No! I don’t want you losing weight.”
“You’re losing it.”
“Only because Vi bet me ten grand that I couldn’t do it. I am not giving that girl a cent.”
“I totally understand. Can I join you?”
“Some of the food is not very appetising.”
“I know, but I want to do this with you.”
“That is one of the sweetest things you’ve ever said to me. Tell you what, eat only what you find palatable. I don’t want you eating food that disgusts you, and resenting me for making you do it.”
“I won’t resent you. How much longer do you have to keep this up?”
“Two weeks.”
“I’m sure I can last two weeks.”
“Bazi, I broke the rules the first month of this diet, before I was able to only eat what’s prescribed on a daily basis.”
“I’ll be fine.”
“If you’re not, I won’t hold it against you. It’s the thought that counts.” Bazi ate fruit with Kele, but she did not eat much as she was not a fan of fruit.
“When you reach the goal weight, can I feed you, and get you back to your usual size?” she asked Kele smiled.
“Yes, that would be nice.”



CHAPTER NINE

Bazi arrived home before Kele and freshedned up, then she sat in the lounge, listening to music.
“Bazi, there’s someone to see Kele,” said MaBanda, bringing a stranger into the lounge. It was a young woman. Bazi stood and greeted her.
“Can I help you?” she asked.
“Not really. I’m waiting for my mother,” replied the young woman.
“Your mother?” frowned Bazi.
“Kele Ngobese.”
“What?” shouted Bazi, her heart was pounding in fear and disbelief.
“Kele’s my mom. She invited me to dinner?”
“Is that right?” asked Bazi, frowning at the girl. Kele came into the house, and announced her presence by shouting that she was home.
“I’m here,” called Bazi, then she heard Kele hastening to her. She entered the lounge, and came to a stop, looking from the guest to Bazi.
“Oh,” she said, looking at Bazi cautiously.
“Hi, Mme,” said the young woman.
“Hi, Brenda,” said Kele, looking at her as if she was amazing. Bazi was blinded by jealousy.
“When did you have time to make a child this age, and why don’t I know about her?” she demanded.
“Sweetheart…” said Kele in a conciliatory tone.
“Why have you been hiding her?”
“I haven’t been hiding her!” defended Kele.
“Then why don’t I know about her?”
“I’ll explain. Let’s sit down,” said Kele.
“Talk to me,” said Bazi, watching Kele and the girl sit, then she sat down too. Kele put down her bags.
“Well?” demanded Bazi.
“I got pregnant in my first year at university. I was eighteen,” said Kele.
“You didn’t tell me,” said an aggrieved Bazi.
“I gave the baby up for adoption. Brenda turned up here while you were in Australia. I haven’t been hiding her. It had never occured to me that she’d want to find me. I’d have told you about her if I’d thought she’d come into my life. I meant to get here before she did and tell you about her.” Bazi gave Kele a searching look, then she looked at Brenda.
“Hi,” said Brenda.
“Hi,” said Bazi.
“Brenda was here for our wedding,” said Kele.
“Really?”
“Brenda, this is Bazi, my wife. Your being here makes me assume you accept our union, am I right?”
“Yes, you are,” replied Brenda.
“I’m so glad to hear that. Bazi, this is my daughter Brenda. She and I would like to get to know each other. I know you’re in shock, but I’m hoping that with time, you’ll be okay with me having her in my life,” said Kele. Bazi looked from her to Brenda.
“She’s joining us for dinner, I hope you’ll be nice to her,” continued Kele. Bazi nodded.
“I need a shower, so I’ll have to leave you two alone. Please don’t fight,” said Kele, giving Bazi a hard look.
“Don’t worry, Mme,” said Brenda. Bazi nodded in agreement, and Kele left the room.
Bazi and Brenda watched each other, and the silence stretched. MaBanda brought tea to them. Bazi watched her and Brenda interacting like old friends, then MaBanda left.
Bazi poured the tea, passed Brenda her cup, and told her to help herself to what she needed. She watched as Brenda sugared and stirred her cup of tea.
“You don’t speak like a South African,” she said.
“Excuse me?” said Brenda looking at her questioningly.
“When you speak English, your accent doesn’t sound South African.”
“I grew up in England. My parents went into exile when I was about a year old.”
“How long have you been in South Africa?”
“Just over two weeks. I came to find Mme.”
“Why?”
“Excuse me?”
“You’re about twenty six years old, why didn’t you come sooner, if you were interested in finding her?”
“I wasn’t, until my parents died last year. I found myself alone in the world, and I didn’t like it, so I decided to find my mother. I hoped she’d be willing to let me be her family.” Bazi sat back in her seat and watched Brenda surreptitiously, as she pretended to sip on her tea.
Her first instinct was to throw Brenda out as an imposter, or to warn Kele to go slow with her. She took several deep breaths and reminded herself that she was no longer insecure and self-destructive.
I know Kele loves me, if push comes to shove, possession is nine tenths of the law, and I have possession of Kele because I live with her, and because I’m married to her. I am not going to alienate her. My best bet is to befriend Brenda and show Kele that I support her relationship with her daughter. It’s not going to be easy, but I’ll suppress my fears and put Kele’s happiness first, she thought.
“Where are you staying?” she asked. Brenda was startled by the question, as they had been silent for quite some time.
“At a bed and breakfast,” she replied.
“How long are you in town?”
“I leave in five days.”
“Do you like Joburg?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t seen much of it, or much of anyone. I don’t feel like socialising, or being a tourist.”
Kele returned and announced that dinner was ready. She led the way to the dining room, and they all sat down and played with their food. Bazi watched Kele and Brenda as they circled each other cautiously, watching each other surreptitiously. When Bazi had had enough, she asked if everyone was done eating, and when Kele and Brenda nodded, she picked up a few dishes and took them to the kitchen.
Kele joined her, with more dishes.
“Can Brenda spend the night?” asked Bazi. She stared at Kele, shocked that those words had come out of her mouth. Kele was just as shocked. She watched her, without saying a word.
“She sounds lonely. You’re the only person she knows in this big city. She can even spend the rest of her stay here. You or I will take her to work with us, or she can stay here with MaBanda. That has to be better then being alone and lonely in a strange bed and breakfast in a strange land,” continued Bazi.
“I don’t even know her. She could be fake for all I know.”
“Have you had her investigated?”
“No!”
“Why not?”
“I don’t want to find out she’s a fake.”
“She might not be. Can she spend the night?”
“If she robs us, it’ll be your fault.”
Bazi kissed Kele, took her hand, and led her back to the dining room. They sat down and looked from Brenda to each other. Bazi nodded for Kele to speak, and Kele nodded for her to speak.
“Do you want me to leave?” asked Brenda. Her hostesses looked at her.
“No,” said Bazi, then she looked at Kele. Kele nodded. Bazi looked at Brenda.
“Would you like to spend the night?” she invited. Brenda looked from her to Kele, astonished. Kele fidgeted nervously.
“Yes, spend the night, and er…the rest of your stay here, if you like,” she said. Brenda’s jaw dropped.
“You’d let me stay here?”
“Er…yes,” said Kele looking from Brenda to Bazi and back.
“You don’t know me. I could rob you or kill you.”
“Yes, you could, but I reckon you wouldn’t have travelled half way across the world to meet a woman who might or might not have been alive, so you could rob her if you met her. It would have been a whole lot more lucrative to rob someone in England.” They watched each other, then Brenda looked at Bazi.
“Are you okay with this?” she asked.
“Yes,” replied Bazi. Brenda looked at Kele then at Bazi again.
“What do I call you?” she asked.
“What do you mean?”
“Do I call you stepmme, aunty, or do I call you by your name?”
“We don’t call the wives of our parents by name, you’ll call her Mme Mkhize, and continue to call me Mme,” said Kele. For the first time that evening, Brenda smiled.
“Thank you for inviting me to stay. I’ll spend the night, then, if you’re still sure tomorrow about me staying with you, I’ll check out of the bed and breakfast. Otherwise, I’ll catch cabs between here and there,” she said.
“I’m suddeny hungry. I think we should go for pizza,” said Kele.
“That sounds good.” They left in Kele’s car. Brenda was more talkative, expressing shock at finding Joburg as metropolitan as it was. She had expected dust roads, if any, and ox-drawn vehicles and people riding elephants. Bazi and Kele looked at each other, then they laughed in disbelief.
“I’m serious. I didn’t expect you to have a car, or live in a mansion, Mme. I had steeled myself to live in a hut. I brought tinned food and bottled water in case I couldn’t eat what you eat,” continued Brenda.
“Are you pleasantly surprised by the reality or are you disappointed?” asked Kele.
“I’m not sure. My focus is on you and me. The rural life or city life is a very minor detail.”
After eating the pizza, they went dancing. Kele and Brenda were great dancers. Bazi sat watching them, smiling. Brenda fell asleep on the way home. Kele helped her out of the car at home, and to her bedroom.
Bazi went to her bedroom and waited for Kele. She joined her, and smiled at her.
“I didn’t know you were a keen dancer,” said Bazi.
“It never came up.”
“Why did you never suggest we do it?”
“I didn’t think the jealous personality could stomach it.” Bazi opened her mouth to deny it, and changed her mind. She probably would have had a mini heart attack on each outing.
“You were right, then, but I’m not jealous now. We’ll do it more often.”
“Are you sure about Brenda being here?”
“Yes.” Kele gave Bazi a searching look, then she kissed her.
Next morning, they found MaBanda and Brenda setting up breakfast.
“Do you want to come to work with me Brenda? If you get bored, you can come back here or go and check out of the bed and breakfast, and bring your things here,” said Kele. Brenda’s eyes watered.
“You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to. Please, please don’t cry,” pleaded a distressed Kele.
“Thank you for asking me,” said Brenda.
“Will you come to work with me?”
“Yes.”
“Can I take you to check out of the bed and breakfast afterwards?”
“I’d like that.”
In the evening, Bazi returned home with Brad, who did not want to sit in his home alone all weekend, as Stan was away on business. When Kele and Brenda returned, Bazi made the introductions.
“Brenda is your what?” asked a shocked Brad.
“Our daughter,” said Bazi.
“Since when?”
“Last night. You’re her uncle, and I expect you to be there for her if she should need you.” Brad looked from Brenda to Kele, a stunned expression on his face. Bazi kissed Kele, hugged Brenda, and excused herself as she went to freshen up.
Next morning, Kele, Brenda and Brad left for Kele’s mother’s home. Bazi was going to join them later in the day with some friends, to negotiate magadi with Kele’s relatives.
She dressed well, then she went to meet Tom and Bob, her negotiators. After she told them what she had available, they set off for Kele’s mother’s home.
They were shown into a room that Bazi had never seen, she did not even know that there was an extra room in that part of the house. She was unnerved when only men came to talk to her and her negotiators. She had hoped to see Kele’s mother. That would have made her feel less tense.
She was afraid that Kele’s relatives would be difficult because women were not known to marry women. She was pleasantly surprised that they did not touch on the marriage being unnatural , against culture, against religion, or against the growth of society as there would be no offspring from it.
They asked what Bazi and her negotiators wanted. Tom said that they wanted to build a relationship with them through a marriage to Kele. The men consulted, then they went straight to the negotiations. They demanded many things that no one could afford, and Bazi gasped in shock, looking at her negotiatiors. They were not as astounded as she was, and they started talking Kele’s relatives down.
Bazi sat back and watched. Both parties were tough negotiators who seemed to be enjoying frustrating each other. In the end, amounts and property were agreed on, then Kele’s relatives said that if their Kele was abused, they would fetch her home and destroy whoever hurt her. Bazi’s negotiators told them that they valued Kele and would treat her like a queen. Kele’s relatives made sounds of disbelief, and left the negotiating room.
Lunch was served, then Bazi’s negotiators told the caterers that they had to leave. The caterers called Kele’s relatives. Bob and Tom made their goodbyes and left with Bazi. They stopped for drinks and Bazi thanked them. They thanked her for trusting them to negotiate, and for helping them up their negotiating skills by meeting Kele’s cranky and unreasonable relatives.
Bazi returned home. She cooked dinner, and sat down to watch TV. She was woken by sweet kiss.
“Hi,” said Kele.
“Hi. How come I didn’t see you at your mother’s?” asked Bazi.
“My family thought a little time apart would do us good.”
“I would have felt less alone seeing a friendly face. Your uncles were like bulldogs. I thought they’d throw us out. If Bob and Tom hadn’t been with me, I’d have left before your uncles decided to put me in a pot and cook me.”
“They would never have cooked you.”
“You mean they’d have eaten me raw?”
“They don’t eat people.”
“It didn’t look that way to me.”
“They have nothing but admiration for you.”
“I don’t believe that.”
“They say you showed great determination, and they’re sure you’ll look after me well.”
“I will, but I don’t know that I can meet your uncles again.”
“You will, but it will be under more hospitable conditions.” Bazi sat up.
“Do you want to eat?” she asked.
“We ate already. Have you eaten?”
“I was waiting for you.”
“I’ll sit with you while you eat.”
“I’m not really hungry. Where’s Brenda?”
“In her room. She loved meeting Mme and the rest of the family. I’m dropping her off with them tomorrow, then I’ll fetch her home the day after that. Come, I’ll help you to bed.”
Next morning, Brad returned to his home. Bazi and Kele drove Brenda to meet Kele’s mom at her church. They did not stay for the service as neither of them were big on going to church, opting to go back home.
“How did my clothes get here from my other home?” asked Bazi.
“I spoke to your landlady, and told her I was your wife.”
“And she believed you?”
“I was driving your car, and I had a certified copy of your ID. I had to do some serious fast talking, then she let me take your things. Fortunately, you had paid for the month so she wouldn’t be losing by your leaving.”
“Did you get everything?”
“Yes. Do you mind?”
“No, thank you for taking care of it.”
Brenda returned home the following evening.
“How did your visit go with your Nkgono?” asked Bazi.
“Nkgono?” returned Brenda.
“Your grandmother, Kele’s mom.”
“It was nice, I enjoyed spending time with her, aunty and my cousins.”
“Would you like to meet my mom?”
“Yes.”
“She lives in the rural areas. I can only get there over the weekend. If you can extend your stay, I’d love to take you and Kele to visit her.”
“That sounds great!” said Brenda, very excited.
“Do you want to go and visit Ma with me?” Bazi asked Kele.
“Of course, I like her.”
“I’m thinking of inviting Brad and Stan to go with us. They’re having problems, and I think a change of scene will do them good.”
“Have they ever been to the rural areas?”
“I don’t know.”
“It should be interesting for all of us. Are we staying with your Baba?”
“No, we’ll stay with Ma and her husband. The last time I was there, Buti came to try and bully me into leaving, it didn’t work.”
“When were you there?”
“I needed a change after I was accused of fraud, so I went there.”
“How was your Ma?”
“Fine, and happy. Now that I think about it, she never used to smile while she was with Baba. I’m glad she found a man who makes her happy.”
That Friday evening, Brad and Stan arrived at Bazi’s home in a hired minibus. It was packed with supplies and tents. Bazi smiled, it was clear that they had prepared for the worst. She, Kele and Brenda packed their things into the car, then Stan drove off. Half way to their destination, Bazi took over the driving.



CHAPTER TEN

They arrived at their destination at two in the morning. Bazi stopped the car outside the locked gate.
“We made good time,” she said.
“We made crazy time. Why couldn’t we have left at five this morning, after a good night’s rest?” asked Stan.
“We’ll have almost twenty-four hours with Ma because we drove this way. Good, here comes Mkwanazi,” said Bazi, as she watched a man approach the gate.
“Who is he?”
“Ma’s husband.”
Mkwanazi stopped at the gate and peered at the car, blinded by the car’s lights. Bazi climbed out of the car, greeted him, and identified herself.
“I’m so glad it’s you my child. When a car with an engine that big stops at your gate at night, its usually bad news. Do you come with bad news?” he asked.
“No, Baba, everything is fine.”
“I’ll open the gate for you.”
When Bazi parked the car infront of the kitchen, Ma was standing at her car door. Bazi opened it, climbed out and hugged her.
“How are you, my child?” asked Ma.
“I’m fine, Ma, how are you?”
“We are well. Who are all these people?” asked Ma, as she watched the people climbing out of the car. Mkwanazi joined them, and Bazi made the introductions.
“Why are these white boys here? Are you in trouble? Have you been arrested for fraud, Bazilile?” asked Ma, looking at Bazi with concern.
“No, Ma! Everything’s fine. These are my friends.”
“Your friends?” asked Ma, with a look of disbelief. She looked at Brad and Stan with hostility.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you I was bringing guests. Show me where they’ll sleep, and I’ll start cleaning their huts.”
“What kind of friends are they? What black girl has white boys as friends? Are you sure you’re not in trouble?”
“Very sure.”
“You’re marrying one of them,” said Mkwanazi, as if he had just had a revelation.
“No! It’s nothing like that,” said Bazi.
“Then what’s going on?”
“They are our friends. Where will they sleep?” Ma led Bazi and Kele to the huts where the guests would sleep, while Mkwanazi led everyone else to the kitchen where they were taking the food that they had brought.
Bazi and Kele cleaned three huts, then everyone freshened up quickly and went to sleep.
When Bazi had freshened up and dressed the following morning, she found Ma and everyone else in the kitchen. Stan was telling a story, and had everyone in stitches. Bazi greeted everyone and joined the women who were seated on a grass mat on the floor. She was handed a plate of food as Stan finished is story.
After breakfast, Mkwanazi offered to show Brad and Stan the neighbourhood. They looked at him uneasily.
“Where will Bazi be?” asked Stan.
“She’ll stay here and help with the cooking,” replied Mkwanazi.
“Oh.”
“We’d love to come,” said Brad uneasily.
“Can I come, too?” asked Brenda.
“Er…” said Mkwanazi, looking at Bazi as if to say control your friend and tell her that women do not spend time with men.
“I’ve never been to the rural areas, and I want to see as much of them as I can. Please can I come?” appealed Brenda.
“Alright,” Mkwanazi agreed reluctantly.
“I’ll get my camera,” said Brenda, as she hurried out of the kitchen.
“It will be fine, Baba,” consoled Bazi.
“Whoever heard of a woman going walking with men? I want to show these boys my herd of cattle. What will we do with that girl?”
“She’ll look at the cattle, too.”
“How has she managed to never go to rural areas?”
“She grew up in England.”
“I thought she was your friend’s child?”
“Yes, she is, but she was raised by other people, who took her to England.”
“Why was she raised by other people? Why couldn’t you raise her, Kele?” asked Ma.
“I had her when I was still in school. I couldn’t look after her, so I gave her up for adoption,” said Kele.
“What’s adoption?” Brenda entered the kitchen in a short sleeved khaki safari jacket and khaki shorts. Everyone did a double take.
“Don’t you look like a great hunter!” exclaimed Stan.
“You like my outfit?” asked Brenda, spinning to let them see all of her.
“You look as if you’re going on a safari.”
“This is the closest I’ve gotten to the wilds, I figure I should use the outfit, and not let it gather dust. Can we go?” The men stood and left with Brenda.
“What’s adoption?” repeated Ma.
“It’s…” began Kele, then she stopped, clearly out of words.
“Some couples, who can’t have children, register with an organisation that can give them children who will be given up by women who have children that they can’t raise. The point is to let the couples get children who would otherwise be thrown away, or grow up in horrible circumstances,” said Bazi. Ma frowned.
“Couldn’t you have taken that child home to your mother?” she asked Kele.
“She’d have killed me. She and Ntate worked hard to get me to university and if I’d told them I was pregnant, Ma would have been heart broken. She found out about Brenda last week,” replied Kele.
“Did you never wonder about your child?”
“No. I knew she had parents who loved her and would look after her better than I ever could.”
“I don’t understand that. Alright, girls, let’s get to making lunch.”
“We’ll do it,” said Bazi.
“I want to do it. I don’t often get guests, it’s a treat to cook for them,” insisted Ma.
Baba and the others returned just after the cooking and the dishing up had been done.
“This is great, Ma, thank you,” said Stan, as he tucked in enthusiastically. Ma smiled. Stan and Brad surprised her by insisting on doing the dishes afterwards. Brenda offered to help Ma with dinner, while Bazi and Kele said that they would go and fetch water from the well.
“Wait for us,” said Brad.
There were two wheel barrows. Brad and Stan pushed one each, each wheelbarrow contained two barrels. Bazi led the way to the well.
“This is a good time to come here. It’s not late enough for most people to be cooking as most of them are still working their fields,” she said. They filled the barrels and returned later for more water as Bazi wanted to free Ma from fetching water for the next few days. Bazi suggested they also fetch as much firewood as they could so that Ma would not have to go looking for it for several days. She and Stan made two trips to fetch it, and returned home from the second trip after dark. Ma gave them warm water to freshen up. They decided to freshen up together as they were hungry and wanted to eat with everyone. They joined everyone else in the kitchen afterwards.
Next morning, Bazi woke early and started making breakfast. Stan joined her and helped her. Everyone else joined them later. After the meal, Ma decreed that everyone would go to church. They all went to dress and met at the car. Bazi drove them all to church.
She watched other people, using the slightest excuse to look at crying babies, whose noise she hated, and people who whispered about the clothes of others. At the end of the service, Mfundisi announced that there would be a wedding, between Mkhize and MaMzizi.
“Let’s go,” said Ma.
“No, let’s see this,” said Bazi. Ma wanted to argue, then she looked at Mkwanazi. He shrugged. Ma subsided. Baba and Buti walked to the front of the church and stood in the place allotted to the groom and his men. Baba preened and Buti dusted imaginary dust off his suit. They both looked good. When Buti was done pretending to be busy, he stilled, and ran his eyes over the congregation. He waved. Bazi looked where he was looking and noticed that his children were waving at him. She looked back at him. He continued to look the room over, then he got a look of shock, before frowning. Bazi followed his gaze, he was looking at Brad and Stan.
They were talking to each other and doing things on their cell phones. Bazi looked at Buti, his eyes were wandering again. They landed on her, and he looked as if he had been stabbed. Bazi smiled and waved. He looked at Baba and whispered to him, and they both looked at her.
Baba beckoned someone and Babomncane joined him. Baba whispered to him, gesticulating frantically at Bazi. She noticed everyone looking at her and whispering. The men argued and Mfundisi joined them. Baba spoke to him, pointing at Bazi, Mfiundisi said a few words and the men calmed down. Babomncane returned to his seat. Baba glowered at Bazi. He looked past her and froze. Bazi knew that he had spotted Ma. Buti said something to him, he did not respond, his eyes on Ma. Buti followed his gaze, then he looked back at Baba. Bazi looked at Ma. She was talking to her husband, and they were laughing together. Bazi watched them intently. Her parents had never acknowledged each other in public, let alone smile or laugh with and at each other. She took a picture of Ma and Mkwanazi.
“Are you alright?” asked Kele.
“Yes, thanks.” There was suddenly a commotion at the door, and everyone turned to see what was happening. The bride had arrived, dressed in white. She had several attendants fussing over her, and the matron of honour seemed to be dragging her into the church. Bazi looked at Baba, he was preening, then he assumed a pose, and looked at the bride.
Bazi turned to the bride. She was crying. Her matron of honour was talking to her, as they walked to the front of the church. She kept trying to turn back, and the matron kept forcing her to walk forward. She had been joined by a man on the other side of the bride, who was also forcing her towards the altar. They stopped a few steps from Mfundisi, the groom and his best man. Mfundisi asked who was giving the woman away, and the man beside the bride said that he was giving her away. He and the bride approached the groom, then the man turned to leave.
The bride clutched his arm, trying to stop his departure. Everyone gasped in shock. No one had ever done that before. He looked at her as if he could not believe that she would do that. She talked to him, he shook his head, then shook his arm free, and went to sit down.
MaMzizi started crying loudly. Her matron of honou r talked to her more earnestly, but it seemed to be in vain. The bride was crying too loudly to be able to hear what was being said to her. Everyone in the church was looking on as if they were watching a particularly captivating horror movie. Baba was furious. MaMzizi ignored her matron of honour and looked around the church. Everyone gasped as she walked away from the altar. Baba made to grab her and she eluded him. The man who had given her away also tried to grab her, and she eluded him too.
She reached Brad, grabbed his hand and returned to the altar with him. Stan stood to follow them, Bazi stayed him. Brad kept looking back at Stan, a stunned expression on his face, as he tried to free himself. MaMzizi had a death hold on his hand and would not release him. She stopped infront of Baba.
“I can’t marry you, Mkhize, I’m already married, to him,” she said in Zulu, nodding at Brad. Baba looked from her to him in horror, as everyone gasped in shock.
“What did you say?” a panicked Brad asked MaMzizi.
“I just told this man I can’t marry him because I’m married to you,” she replied.
“What?” shouted a shocked Brad. MaMzizi put her arms round his neck and whispered to him. He stood stiffly, then, as she talked, he put his arms round her. They stood in silence for some seconds, then he withdrew from the embrace.
“What’s going on here?” demanded Mfundisi. Brad took hold of MaMzizi’s hand.
“This has gone far enough. I won’t tolerate my wife marrying another man,” said Brad. Everyone gasped, as did Stan. He looked as if he was going to faint with horror.
“What?” shouted the man who had given the bride away.
“I paid amalobolo!” Baba shouted in consternation.
“My wife and I separated for a short while, but now…” said Brad.
“Your wife? What wife?” asked the man who had given the bride away.
“We met and married when I was at school,” said MaMzizi.
“Why didn’t you tell me you were married?” demanded Baba.
“No one is married to a woman unless he’s paid amalobolo,” shouted the man who had given MaMzizi away.
“We were going to get divorced, but we’ve changed our minds,” said Brad. Bazi could see that things would get ugly. She shook Stan until he took his horrified eyes off Brad, and looked at her.
“He’s not married to her. He’s rescuing her, Stan. Can you hear me?” she asked. He seemed to be out of it.
“Stan, Stan!” said Bazi. He looked at her.
“Bazi,” he said.
“Brad is not married tothat woman, he’s rescuing her from making a mistake, do you understand?”
“He’s not married to her?”
“Of course not! You know that. You know that, right?”
“Yes, yes of course. He’s married to…”
“Yes. Now, you need to go get him and her out to the car before things get ugly. Can you do that? Can you get them?”
“Yes.”
“Good, I’ll get the car, and bring it to the door. Go,” said Bazi. Stan stood. Bazi collected his and Brad’s belongings, and told everyone that she had brought to the church to get to the car before things got ugly. They all hurried out and got into the car. Bazi drove it to the church door.
“Where are they?” asked Kele, looking round anxiously. Stan, Brad and MaMzizi ran out of the church and Kele opened a door for them. Brad pushed MaMzizi in, then he and Stan climbed in. Bazi drove off quickly.
“We all have to pick up essentials and get out of here,” said Bazi. No one said anything. At her mother’s home, everyone, except the bride, fetched their belongings and climbed into the car. Bazi drove out of the gate, Kele locked it, climbed into the car, then Bazi drove off. They were all quiet until they left the dust roads and got onto the tarred road.
“What happened back there, child?” asked Ma.
“Please speak in English so the men who rescued MaMzizi can understand,” said Bazi.
“I couldn’t marry him. Being married to him would have killed me,” MaMzizi replied in English.
“Why did you agree to marry him?” asked Ma.
“My father’s dying. He needed money for surgery. Mkhize offered him cattle in exchange for a bride. I agreed to be the bride because I didn’t know how he is. I spent time with him and discovered how jealous he is. I don’t know how you lived so long with him.”
“Neither do I. What will you do?”
“I can’t go back there, I’d rather die than do that. Maybe I’ll kill myself.”
“That’s stupid,” said Stan.
“What else will I do?”
“Get a job, and get yourself a life.”
“My family will have to return the cattle.”
“If you get a good job, you can pay for your father’s hospitalisation.”
“Can he not qualify for funding from some organisations?” asked Kele.
Everyone freshened up at Bazi and Kele’s home, then Brenda lent MaMzizi some clothes. Stan, Brad, Kele and Bazi made dinner, while Ma and Mkwanazi sat in the lounge and Brenda looked after MaMzizi. They all met for dinner in the dining room.
Instead of eating, everyone sat watching MaMzizi. She was looking at her plate of food with a miserable expression on her face.
“There’s plenty of room for everyone to spend the night here,” said Bazi.
“MaMzizi, I can help you get a job if you want to work,” said Stan. MaMzizi looked up at him, and started crying. Everyone looked at each other, not sure what to do. As quickly as she started crying, she stopped.
“You’re all being so nice. I didn’t think I’d still be alive by the end of today,” she said.
“Don’t cry, child. Get a job as Stan says,” said Ma.
“I have contacts with NGOs. I can talk to some of them and see if they can’t help your father,” said Kele.
“You’re all so kind,” said MaMzizi.
“What’s your name?” asked Brad.
“Nothando,” said MaMzizi.
“Welcome to Joburg, Nothando.” MaMzizi smiled.
“Let’s eat,” said Bazi, and everyone started eating.
Next morning, Stan took Nothando to work with him. Bazi went to work in the morning and returned home early to spend time with Ma and Mkwanazi.
“Will you be safe when you return to your home?” she asked, concerned that in rescuing MaMzizi, she and her friends had made Ma’s life even more difficult.
“Don’t worry, we’ll be safe. Your brothers were in the church and they saw everything. They won’t let our property be destroyed. They are big, strong men, no one will want to mess with them,” said Mkwanazi.
“My brothers?” frowned Bazi.
“My sons.”
“I’m glad, I don’t want either of you in danger from Baba and Buti or from MaMzizi’s family.”
After dinner that evening, Brenda asked Ma and Mkwanazi about the struggle for independence. She filmed them as they talked. She sat gaping. Every now and then, she would exclaim or gasp in shock at what she heard.
Next evening, Kele told Nothando that her father qualified for funding, and that the NGO that would fund the operation would get in touch with him. She was relieved as she was afraid that her family was still too mad at her to be civil to her, and that her brothers would murder her for denying them cattle as they were heavy drinkers who had looked forward to drinking themselves stupid with whatever money was not used for her father’s operation.
Three evenings later, Brad and Stan joined Bazi and her family for dinner. After dinner, Nothando and Brenda went to do the dishes.
“Stan, are you married?” asked Ma.
“Yes,” he replied.
“Is Bazi your wife?”
“No! No, she’s not my wife,” replied a shocked Stan.
“You act like you’re married to her,” said Ma.
“I don’t understand.”
“I’ve watched the way you interact with her and talk to her. You even bathed together at my home. If you’re not yet married to each other, you need to get round to it.” Stan looked from Ma to Bazi uneasily.
“Who are you married to?” asked Ma. Stan looked at her, then back at Bazi without replying.
“Are you ashamed of your wife?” insisted Ma.
“No!” said Stan, looking at Brad.
“Who is she? Where is she?” Stan looked at Bazi again.
“You see. You and Bazi can’t keep your eyes off each other. Bazi, I noticed a ring on your wedding finger. You need to get rid of it, so Stan can put one on you when he marries you.” Bazi looked from Ma to Stan and back.
“Stan and I can’t marry each other,” she said.
“Why not?” asked Ma.
“We’re married to other people.”
“You didn’t tell me!” said Ma, shocked and disappointed.
“Sorry, Ma.”
“Do your father and his people know? Did they receive amalobolo?”
“No!”
“Why are you keeping it a secret?”
“I only got married recently.”
“Who did you marry? Bazilile, who did you marry?” Bazi paused, concerned about Ma’s reaction to any reply that she made. She thought to lie, and decided that Kele might feel that she was ashamed of her. Kele deserved better than to be made to feel like a filthy secret.
“Bazilile?” prompted Ma.
“I married a woman,” said Bazi. Ma stared at her, then she laughed. Bazi looked from her to Kele and back. When Ma realised that she was not laughing, she stopped laughing.
“You married a woman?” she asked.
“Yes,” replied Bazi.
“Tell me you’re joking.”
“I’m not joking, Ma.”
“Bazilile, where have you ever heard of such a thing? Women do not marry other women!”
“It’s legal, Ma.”
“It shouldn’t be! It’s sick and unnatural. Whoever she is, you need to get rid of her. I won’t have my child misled by some sick…pervert.”
“I won’t get rid of her.”
“You must! What will your father say?”
“I don’t care.”
“How can you say that? You have to care!”
“I don’t. He and I no longer have anything to do with each other.”
“Because of the woman you married?”
“Because I speak to you.” They shared a long look.
“Get rid of her,” commanded Ma.
“I won’t do that.”
“Why not?”
“I love her.”
“You can’t! How can you love a woman when you’re a woman? It’s just a phase, Bazilile. Get rid of this woman, and find a husband. I wouldn’t tell him I’d been with a woman, if I were you. That would be the best way to lose him.”
“I don’t want a man. I want the woman I’m married to.”
“Stop being selfish!”
“Selfish?”
“You’re separating her from her people. How can they accept this union? Free the girl, and let her go back to her people.”
“Her people accepted amalobolo from me.”
“What?” shouted Ma and Mkwanazi together.
“What kind of family is this girl from? Normal people wouldn’t accept this pervesion of culture and nature,” said Mkwanazi.
“Who is she? Who is this sick person that has misled you into going against the natural order of things?” asked Ma.
“She didn’t mislead me,” said Bazi.
“You used to be normal. You had boyfriends, Bazilile.”
“They were men I knew, but they were never my boyfriends.”
“I’ll pray for you. I’ll tell Mfundisi and…”
“Don’t waste your energy.”
“But…”
“If I can’t be with this person, then I’ll spend my life alone.”
“That has to be better than this sick arrangement you’ve gotten yourself into.”
“I won’t be separated from her.”
“Who is she? Where is she?”
“It’s me,” said Kele.
“You?” gasped Ma, clearly shocked to hear that. She stared at Kele for a long moment.
“You told me about a man, when we met, a jealous man,” she said.
“I talked of a person, not a man. I was talking about Bazi.”
“No!”
“She’s the one who was making me sad with her jealousy.”
“No!” repeated Ma, shaking her head. She looked from Kele to Bazi, then she stood and left the room. Mkwanazi glared at Bazi and followed Ma. There was a long silence, as everyone looked at Bazi.
“They probably want to leave now,” said Stan.
“Yes,” said Bazi.
“We’ll take them to a bed and breakfast.”
“Thank you.” After another silence, Ma and Mkwanazi returned, carrying their bags.
“We’re leaving,” said Mkwanazi.
“We’ll take you to…” offered Stan.
“There’s no need. My daughter lives closeby, she’ll fetch us,” said Mkwanazi, making to lead the way out of the room.
“If we can get a lift, it will make it easier on Nozipho,” said Ma. Mkwanazi looked at her, and nodded. Bazi stood.
“We’ll get you there,” said Brad. Ma and Mkwanazi turned to leave.
“Thank you for coming and have a safe trip,” said Bazi. Ma and Mkwanazi pretended not to have heard her, and left the room.
“Thank you,” said Bazi as Stan and Brad left the room. She followed them out and watched them driving Ma and Mkwanazi off. Bazi noticed Kele beside her. She threw herself into her arms and burst into tears.
“I’ll never see Ma again,” she wailed.
“I’m sorry,” said Kele.
“It’s not your fault.”
“It’s not yours either. You didn’t choose to be this way.” Bazi wept until she was exhausted. When she stopped crying, she and Kele were sitting on the bed in their bedroom. Bazi went to shower, then she climbed into bed. Kele climbed in with her and spooned in behind her. She kissed her shoulder and Bazi sighed, sure that she had done the right thing in refusing to get rid of Kele.
Long after Kele had fallen asleep, Bazi was still awake. She climbed out of bed, dressed warmly and went to sit in the lounge. After several hours, she bathed and dressed well.
In the morning, Kele found her in the dining room.
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“Rewriting my will,” said Bazi.
“Are you alright?”
“Yes.”
“You were upset last night.”
“Yes. I didn’t know it would hurt so much to lose Ma. But I’m reconciled to it now.”
“Are you sure?” Bazi stood and kissed Kele.
“I guess you are feeling better,” said Kele.
“Sit down, I made you breakfast,” said Bazi. Kele smiled, delighted, and kissed her cheek.
Bazi was surprised at lunch time by a visit from Kele. She stood, Kele came round her desk, kissed her and presented her with a bunch of flowers. Bazi had always loved flowers. She looked at Kele with love in her eyes, before kissing her and holding her tight.
“I love you, Bazi,” said Kele.
“I love you, too,” said Bazi.
That evening, Bazi, Kele, Stan, Brad, and Nothando saw Brenda off at the airport. Everyone was tearful as she hugged them and left to board her plane. The others sat at a restaurant until they stopped being tearful, then they left the airport.
Kele was very quiet and went to bed as soon as they returned home. Bazi saw her to bed, then Kele asked to be left alone. Bazi went to do some work, then she returned to the bedroom.
“Are you alright?” she asked Kele, who was still awake. Kele looked at her, and started crying. Bazi climbed onto the bed, and held her close.
“I don’t want her to go, Bazi. I want her back. Why can’t she come and live here?” asked Kele.
“You can phone her,” said Bazi.
“It’s not the same!” wailed Kele. Bazi held her tighter, and kissed her forehead. The doorbell pealed imperiously, and they started. The doorbell rang again. Bazi and Kele hurried to the front door. Bazi opened it and gasped, seeing Brenda.
“Can I have money for my cab?” she asked.
“Of course,” said Bazi. She picked up her purse and paid the cabbie while Brenda and Kele brought Brenda’s bags into the house. Bazi closed the front door. Brenda and Kele were watching each other.
“I’m sorry, Mme, I couldn’t get on that plane. I’ll get a job and move out soon, and…” Brenda was saying, when Kele put her arms round her.
“I’m so glad you’re back,” she said.
“Really?”
“I didn’t know I’d miss you so much, and we’ve only been apart a few hours. You don’t have to move out any time soon.”
“Let’s all get to bed,” said Bazi, glad to see Kele and Brenda looking happy.



EPILOGUE

Brenda started working on a work permit. Stan helped Nothando to get a job, and Nothando started working. Not long after that, Kele told the family that Nothando’s father had been operated on and the operation had been successful. Nothando wept with joy and relief, then she took everyone out for drinks to celebrate.
Brenda got a work permit and started working. Whenever she mentioned leaving, Kele would find a reason for her not to, and she did not have to be forced to stay.
Bazi left work early one afternoon, shopped and returned home. She had asked Brad and Stan to have Brenda and Nothando for the night. Nothando and Brenda had agreed to go, when Bazi had explained what she had in mind. Bazi cooked, freshened up, and dressed to the nines.
When Kele returned home that evening, she gasped on opening the front door. The hallway was decorated with several vases of her favourite flower, the pink carnation.
Bazi approached her, greeted her, took her bags and put them down. She closed the front door, and kissed her deeply. When the kiss ended, Kele was leaning weakly against the wall.
“Happy anniversary,” panted Bazi. Kele drew back surprised, then she seemed to be doing mental calculations.
“Happy anniversary to you, too,” she panted.
“Dinner will be in half an hour.”
“I’ll freshen up and join you.”
After dinner, consisting of their favourite foods, Bazi presented Kele with a ring. It was a plain wedding band, made from platinum, and it was engraved.
‘Infinite love. From your Bazi’it read.
“Oh,” gasped a delighted Kele, looking at Bazi with love in her eyes. Bazi kissed her.
“When I asked you to marry me, I didn’t know we’d end up with two daughters,” she said.
“Two?” frowned Kele.
“Brenda and Nothando. I didn’t know I’d be okay with us being parents. This time round with you, I feel secure enough to not fear that the girls, or anyone else, is taking your love from me. Thank you for being you, and for loving me.” Kele put her arms round Bazi and they held each other tight.
Later, they fell asleep with their arms round each other, each feeling that their world was perfect.

###
OTHER BOOKS BY THABI MAJABULA
Becca’s Treasure
Connecting
Lerato’s Heart
Letting Go
Molly’s Match
Noma’s Awakening
Sylvies’ Love
Where Themba’s Heart Belongs
Xoli’s Reluctant Groom

