
* * *

Love in a Bottle Series

* * *

BOOK ONE

* * *

Chasing Rainbows
by
Mona Ingram

* * *

Cover Design
Elizabeth Mackey Graphic Design
©2019 Mona Ingram
All rights reserved

* * *

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
TABLE OF CONTENTS

HOW IT ALL BEGAN…
Chasing Rainbows
Love In A Bottle series
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE

“But Mommy, won’t Daddy miss us?” Twelve year old Taylor knew of parents getting divorced, but that was other people – not her. Her mother had stopped, taken a deep breath and fell to her knees in front of the tearful child. “Taylor, your Daddy loves you and he’ll miss you every day but we simply can’t live here any longer. I won’t have you growing up in a home with parents who are constantly arguing. It’s not healthy.”
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
EPILOGUE
MEANWHILE, BACK IN CHICAGO

HOW IT ALL BEGAN…




“Flower delivery for Miss Kincaid.”
Damon made a quick entry on his computer, then looked up. “Hi. I’ll take that.” He wheeled his chair around and cleared a space on his desk. “Do you need a signature?”
“Yeah, right here.” The young delivery man tried unsuccessfully not to look at Damon’s legs. “Do you want me to take it in to her?”
“Thanks for the offer but I can manage.” Lauren Kincaid was a great boss and treated him well. Damon protected her fiercely, but even he was reluctant to interrupt her when she was writing her column. She often left it to the last minute, claiming that it gave her writing an edge and today was one of those days. He gave the driver a five dollar tip and admired the arrangement. Someone had spent big bucks. He suspected they might be from Lauren’s current squeeze, but the man had never sent flowers before. Interesting…
Turning his attention back to the computer, he assessed the change he’d made to the company logo. He and Lauren had discussed making subtle alterations to the masthead of #Trending, the lifestyles tabloid that had become a runaway success in Chicago.
At a time when newspapers were folding quicker than a losing hand of poker, both the physical newspaper and the corresponding website had found an enthusiastic readership among Chicago’s young professionals, much to the delight of Lauren’s father. Vincent Kincaid, a former hockey player turned entrepreneur/playboy, made no secret of the fact that he never wanted to grow old, and Lauren suspected that buying the failing publication was one more way of proving himself. Whatever his reason, the gamble had paid off due to a staff of bright young professionals who weren’t afraid to innovate and take chances. Although her father often mentioned #Trending in public, he rarely poked his head inside the building, which suited everyone just fine.
#Trending had never defined itself, which turned out to be a fortuitous – if unintentional – strategy. As a result, one of its strengths was the ability to react quickly to each new ‘gotta-have-it’ fad. In that respect, the name #Trending had been a lucky break.
Staffed with a mixture of journalists and IT professionals, the publication was considered one of the best media employers in the area. Damon Williams was one of several #Trending employees who were graduates of the Medill School of Journalism. Caught on the wrong street during a gang turf war when he was sixteen, a bullet to his lower spine left him dependent on his wheelchair. His plight had come to the attention of a businessman who’d grown up in West Chicago and the man had offered to finance any education the young man wished to pursue. After a short time feeling sorry for himself, Damon got on with his life, graduating from high school before enrolling at Medill.
While studying at Medill, he became friends with Lauren, who ignoring his wheelchair, relentlessly challenged him to be more innovative… more creative… to think outside the box. When Lauren’s father took over the ailing startup, she brought Damon with her and he’d quickly become #Trending’s most valuable tech guru. His first observations were the lack of an on-line presence plus the fact that the publication needed to broaden its reach and scope.
Lauren set up Damon in an office next to hers as her unofficial assistant and continued to challenge him. “Show me your stuff, Yoda,” she said.
“Make you lots of money I will,” he replied and went to work.
Within a year of #Trending’s online launch, they had well over one million followers on Instagram, which in turn fed into their website. As ad revenue increased, Damon’s salary rose accordingly.
Damon glanced into Lauren’s office, but wasn’t surprised to see her still focused on her column. Alexis Whitby, the publication’s editor, had final say on content but Lauren’s instincts were rarely wrong, and she was allowed wide latitude. Lauren’s father might own the publication but as editor, Alexis had to sign off on each article. Damon didn’t even want to think about what would happen if the two women were unable to solve their disagreements. Against all odds, they’d become casual friends and in Damon’s two and a half years of employment, they’d settled their differences of opinion by doing what was best for #Trending. Of course if the day ever arrived when they couldn’t agree, he’d be Team Lauren all the way, but fortunately that didn’t seem likely.
Satisfied with the alterations to the masthead he turned his attention to the Dining section. It needed expanding in the worst – or perhaps he should say the best – way. Requests for ad space increased with every issue, but more content was needed to balance out the ads. He wondered about contacting some freelance writers to provide restaurant coverage and made a note to bring it up at the staff meeting tomorrow.
“When did those flowers arrive?”
She’d startled him but he replied without missing a beat. “About half an hour ago.”
“Thanks for not interrupting me.” She plucked the card from the arrangement. “I’ve sent you the column. Would you mind looking it over before I forward it to Alexis? See if I’m still on track?”
“Will do.” But he was talking to an empty space; she’d already gone back into her office.
He called up the file and was soon lost in her prose. Among other topics, Lauren was writing a series of articles on the singles scene in Chicago, trending toward venues where women could meet available men. He was reminded of a scene in one of his favorite movies where the male love interest says that to attract a man, all a woman had to do was show up. He chuckled every time he watched that scene – partly because of the way the line was delivered and partly because it was true.

* * *

Lauren studied the writing on the card. She wasn’t sure whether or not she would recognize Julian’s handwriting, but something told her he hadn’t personally written the note. Not that it mattered of course, but it would be nice to think he’d gone to the florist himself to place the order.
Don’t be silly, she muttered to herself and tore open the envelope.
“Thanks for last night.” the note said. There was no signature.
She frowned and turned it over. Nothing.
“What the –?” She studied the four words. Was this some sort of code? If so, she didn’t have a clue how to crack it. Not one to waste time, she picked up the phone and called his private number.
“Lauren,” he said, his tone crisp and impersonal.
Alarm bells went off in the back of her mind. She should hang up, but she was her father’s daughter and didn’t back down from anyone.
“I got the flowers,” she said, matching his tone, “but what’s up with the note?”
He sighed. It was one of his affectations that really pissed her off. Maybe it managed to make some people feel small, but it wouldn’t work with her. “You were fantastic last night, Babe. I thought you knew.”
Okay... it was working. She was starting to feel outmaneuvered. “My name is Lauren, and what do you mean ‘you thought I knew’?”
“Listen, Babe. We had a good time, but it’s over.”
“It’s over?” The moment the words were out she wished she could snatch them out of the air and shove them back down her throat.
He was silent for a moment and she wondered if she’d misunderstood. Or maybe this was him playing a game. If so, she wasn’t enjoying it. “Like I said, it’s over. I don’t do repeats. I thought you of all people would understand that.”
She drew on every ounce of control she possessed. “‘Me of all people?’ What does that mean?”
“Come on… you write that column. You’re out and about. You know how many gals are out there every night looking to hook up. I like to spread it around and I don’t do repeats.”
She wanted to tell him to do unspeakable, anatomically impossible things to himself. But she’d already debased herself and wasn’t about to give him the satisfaction. Without another word she disconnected.
Rising from her chair she walked to the window on legs that barely supported her. The building her father had purchased here in Old Town was one of the classics; it wasn’t tall enough to offer even a glimpse of the lake, but in many ways her view looking down on the busy street was better. People going about their business, singly and together… some on their cell phones, some talking with their companions. The world hadn’t stopped which was odd, considering that she was feeling the same way she’d felt as a child when she’d been watching her father’s team practice and been hit by a hockey puck. But back then her father and all the team members had gathered around, fussing over her and apologizing. Now she was standing here alone, wondering why she hadn’t seen the puck coming.
She shoved the card in her purse, picked up the arrangement and walked out to Damon’s area. He was on the phone and glanced up at her, his brows drawing together.
“Let me call you back,” he said to whoever he’d been talking to.
“Would you please get rid of this?” She was surprised that her voice didn’t waver. “I don’t want them.”
To his credit, he didn’t blink. “Will do.”
She walked toward the exit.
“Boss… about the column.” He only called her Boss when he needed to capture her attention. It wasn’t working.
Lauren couldn’t bring herself to look at him; she was too close to losing it and he knew her too well. She shook her head, gave him a vague wave and stepped onto the elevator.
Damon sat immobile, staring at the closed elevator doors. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen Lauren upset, so he had little basis for comparison, but he sensed that she was hurting… big time. The clincher was that she always submitted her column on time… always.

* * *

The late afternoon sun had turned the street into something resembling a movie set. Long shadows contrasted sharply with golden light streaming between the buildings. There was something about the weathered brick of Old Town buildings that spoke of times long past… times when Chicago was new, vibrant and alive... finding its way. Today’s massive chrome and steel structures paled by comparison… at least in Lauren’s eyes.
Stepping onto the sidewalk, she took a deep breath. She’d known where she was headed the moment she disconnected the call. There was one place where she felt secure… safe… in spite of what her friends might think, and she was headed there now.
In its former life, Sneaky Pete’s had been a night club. Its popularity had peaked somewhere around 2010, and its decline had been precipitous. Not surprising… established night spots were hard pressed to keep up with every trend that came along.  Sneak’s, as it was known by the regulars, ceased welcoming customers in 2012 and remained closed until 2015, when the property was purchased in a surprisingly quiet transaction. The new owner, in his wisdom, sought out Sean Walker, the formidable bartender of the former club. They met in the dark, dusty interior over coffee and freshly baked iced cinnamon buns. The new owner had done his homework and had learned about Sean’s sweet tooth.
“What, in your opinion, made this a successful club?”
Sean bit into the cinnamon bun, a look of rapture on his face. “Good,” he said, reaching for the coffee.
The new owner waited patiently.
Sean reached for the linen napkin, dabbed at his mouth and lifted his coffee cup. “Most successful clubs have a core group of people.” He took a sip of coffee. “If I knew the formula to success, I’d sell it, but behind all the hype, all the fakery, there’s one constant.” He drained the coffee. “They want somewhere to go where they feel comfortable, where the other customers are like themselves.”
“You sound like a commercial for Cheers.”
“You asked for my opinion.” The former bartender licked his fingers, then wiped them carefully on the napkin… incongruous behavior for a giant of a man with tattooed arms, but he managed to pull it off. “There was never any outright hostility between the regulars and the transient night club crowd, but the regulars slowly drifted away and when the others moved on to the latest thing, the bottom fell out.”
“What would it take to get them back? The regulars I mean.”
Sean looked around, visualizing the possibilities. “How much money do you have?”
The new owner shrugged. “Enough.”
Sean nodded. “This is a fairly affluent neighborhood, plus there are some high powered businesses operating quietly out of the old buildings.” He shot a quick look at the other man. “But I guess you already know that.”
“Go on.”
“Okay. Here’s what I’d do. I’d hire the best chef you can get your hands on and feature him as one of the attractions. Offer really great bar food plus only a few entrees. Steak of course, ribs, pasta, something for the vegetarians and maybe one seafood dish. Crab casserole or something like that. None of that nouvelle cuisine type nonsense. And I’d change the atmosphere.” He glanced toward the far wall. “Booths along that wall with partitions between them high enough that customers can have a private conversation. And whatever you do, don’t discourage people in the booths from ordering only drinks; they’ll eat eventually. Some tables here in the center… not too crowded… and a killer bar with comfortable stools stocked with all the premium brands.” He grinned. “And of course, me behind the bar. Create the atmosphere of a gentleman’s club.”
“What about attracting women?”
Sean chuckled softly. “You haven’t dated recently, have you?”
The new owner lifted his shoulders.
“Trust me, women will appear like magic if the men are here. “You’ll be making your monthly nut in six months.”
Sean was wrong. Within six weeks Sneak’s became an area favorite. Of course it didn’t hurt that the new owner was a friend of Vincent Kincaid, the owner of #Trending. Sean and Lauren hit it off when she wrote two columns featuring the place – one just before they opened and another a couple of weeks later.

* * *

Lauren paused for a moment outside Sneak’s; she’d never brought Julian here. Maybe that was why she felt right coming here to lick her wounds; there were no memories of him within its walls. She took a deep breath and stepped inside.
In the few moments it took for her eyes to adjust she saw that there were about half a dozen other customers; two couples in booths and two singles at the bar. Sean’s eyebrows rose marginally when he saw her, but he nodded and continued polishing glasses.
She walked to the far end of the bar, climbed onto a stool and checked out the two men at the bar, relieved when they paid her no attention. 
Sean placed a coaster in front of her, his eyes probing hers. Was her upset that obvious? “I need something different today, Sean. How about some of that Chambord you let me taste last week. A double, on the rocks.”
A flicker of a smile touched his lips. “Bien sûr, mademoiselle.”
He placed the drink in front of her, accompanied by a bowl of peanuts and then walked away.
Lauren stirred the drink with the short straw, licked the straw and then placed it carefully on the napkin, aligning it precisely with the edge. Aware that she’d been holding herself too tightly, she took a sip of the rich liqueur and let it trickle down her throat. She told herself that she could taste the Loire Valley in the sweetness of the raspberries that were used to create the drink. That wasn’t true of course… she was simply avoiding thinking about the dismissive tone in Julian’s voice, avoiding the fact that to him she’d been nothing more than another conquest. Tapping her fingernails against the side of the glass she stared into the dark liquid and vowed it would be a long time before she’d trust another man.

* * *

“Where is she, Damon?” Alexis Whitby waved her cell phone at Lauren’s assistant. “I’ve been trying to contact her, but she has her cell phone turned off.”
“Is it something I can help you with?”
Alexis pulled up the sleeve of her silk blouse and checked her watch. “Only if you can produce her column in the next five minutes.”
“Then I’m your man.” He motioned to his computer screen. “She sent it to me to look over. If you’d like to go into her office I’ll send it back to you.”
“Thank you.” She strode past him and stopped abruptly. “She didn’t shut down her computer. What’s up? That’s not like Lauren at all.”
Damon raised his hands in the classic ‘dunno’ gesture.
Alexis sat down and started reading, issuing a couple of small grunts of approval as she reviewed the column. “Okay, can I leave it to you to upload it?”
“Will do.”
“But first, are you going to tell me what’s going on?”
“I’m not really sure I know.”
She seemed to be making up her mind about something. “All right. I appreciate your loyalty, but this feels different somehow. Can you at least tell me where she went?”
Damon agreed. This did feel different, and maybe another woman was what Lauren needed right now. “She didn’t tell me, but if I had to guess, I’d say she went to Sneak’s.”
The editor’s eyes widened marginally, then she nodded. “Thank you Damon.”

* * *

Sean felt a surge of relief when Alexis stepped through the door of the bar. Silhouetted against the remaining daylight, she was tall, blonde and classically elegant. The two men at the bar spotted her and sat up a little straighter. Probably sucked in their guts, too. Sean hid a smile. The bartender was glad she was here; Lauren had finished her first drink far too quickly and was starting on her second. He tilted his head toward the end of the bar. Alexis caught the movement and nodded her thanks.
Alexis climbed onto the stool next to Lauren and braced her elbows on the bar. “What’s good here?”
“Everything.” Lauren rolled the two straws back and forth on the napkin. Her hand was a bit shaky as she raised her glass to her lips, but she managed to take a drink.
“He dumped me, Lexi. The no-good hedgie dumped me.”
Sean held up a bottle of white wine and Alexis nodded. Lauren had rejected the term ‘hedgie’ when Alexis first coined it but things had evidently changed. She’d never liked the hedge fund manager but thought she’d managed to hide the fact from Lauren.
“Thanks,” she said as Sean placed a glass of wine in front of her. She took a sip and waited a few beats, while Lauren stirred the ice in her drink with her finger.
“I’m not usually that wrong about people,” she said, turning slightly toward the other woman. “You know?”
Alexis gave her a smile of encouragement.
“We’d been taking things slowly, getting to know each other. At least I thought that’s what we were doing.” She took a deep breath. “Last night we went out for dinner and I invited him back to my place for drinks. Things progressed, and well…”
“You slept with him.”
“It’s been six weeks.”
“I wasn’t criticizing. So what happened?”
Lauren closed her eyes for a moment. “I feel like I’m on the outside looking in. It doesn’t even feel real.” Opening her eyes she reached for her glass but didn’t drink. “Now that I look back, he left fairly quickly. Had some sort of excuse about a meeting before the markets open.”
“Was the sex any good?”
“That’s all you want to know?”
“Well, was it?”
“Not really.”
“No loss, then.”
“You’re right, but that’s not the bad part.” This time she did take a drink. “The a-hole actually sent flowers to the office today. The card was cryptic, so I called him. Know what he said?”
Alexis’ cool blue eyes said she could probably guess.
“He said he didn’t do repeats. At first I didn’t understand what he was saying… or maybe I didn’t want to understand. He said because I write that column I should understand, because there are lots of women out there looking to hook up.” She gave a strangled laugh. “And then he said he likes to ‘spread it around’. Those were his exact words, ‘I like to spread it around and I don’t do repeats.’” She shoved her glass away with the backs of her fingers. “I think I’m going to be sick.”
Alexis reached out and rubbed her between the shoulder blades. “No, you’re not. Take some deep breaths.”
Lauren looked around the bar, focusing on familiar items. “Sorry I ran out. I take it Damon gave you the column.”
“Yes. It’s a good one.”
“Maybe I should stop writing about the singles scene. I mean look at me. I’m twenty six years old, never married, and the only men in my life are my father, who has every rich widow in town on speed dial, a tech whiz who’s stuck in a wheelchair and a bartender.”
Alexis stared into her wine. “What does that make me, then?” She blinked back rare tears. “Married to a man who was supporting a younger woman and her child while he was married to me.”
“Sorry, Lexi. I –”
Alexis held up a hand. “I didn’t mean to make it about me.” She took a sip of wine. “But sometimes I wonder if we’d have better luck if we wrote what we want on a piece of paper, stuck it in a bottle and threw it in the river.”
This elicited a chuckle from Lauren. “Maybe you’re right. We can’t do much worse.”
They sat in silence for several minutes, lost in thought. Finally Lauren spoke. “Do you mind if I leave? I think I’ll go back to the office for a minute and then go home. I’ll settle up with Sean on the way out.”
Alexis waved a hand. “See you tomorrow.”

* * *

The office was quiet when Lauren let herself inside. Not sure why she’d come back, she slouched in her office chair and stared at the screen saver on her computer. Today marked a turning point in her life, but she had no idea what was around the corner.
“I don’t have to decide,” she muttered out loud, reaching for the mouse and activating the screen.
“Talking to yourself?”
She turned to see Damon in the doorway to her office.
“Hope I didn’t startle you.”
“Not really.”
“Alexis found you?”
“Yeah, thanks for sending her my way.”
“Do you want some coffee?”
“I think I just want to get out of here.”
“I meant upstairs, at my place.”
She gave him an odd look. “You’ve never invited me up to your place before.” When Lauren explained to her father how valuable Damon was to the business, he converted half of the top floor into a suite for him. 
“Is that a yes or a no?”
She put her computer to sleep and stood up. “I could use some coffee right about now.” They headed for the elevator. “You know, in movies it always looks so cool when people drown their sorrows at the bar, but it doesn’t solve anything.”
Damon offered a wry smile. “Some people never learn that.” He rolled off the elevator and pressed a button beside the door. “Welcome to my home.”
Lauren stopped several feet inside the door. “Wow,” she said. “This is beautiful.”
“I like it. Check out the kitchen. Your father had all of the cabinets custom made so I could work at them from my chair. The dude is seriously cool.”
“I love all the plants and the comfortable furniture. And the space, but of course you’d need that to get around.”
“If you like plants, go out on the balcony. I practically live out there when I’m not working on the computer.”
Lauren pressed another button and the sliding doors opened silently. “This must be the most beautiful outdoor space I’ve ever seen. Do you ever use that barbecue?”
“Not often, but don’t tell your father; it was his idea. Would you like to have your coffee out here?”
“Are you kidding? Yes!!” Lauren settled back on a lounge and looked up at the tall buildings a couple of blocks away on North Lake Shore. She could see the back of her building, but somehow this felt much better.
Damon went inside and was back a few minutes later with a tray.
Lauren jumped up and placed the tray on a side table. “Coffee and biscotti. You think of everything.”
Damon smiled. “Gina makes sure we always have plenty. Something about a family tradition.” He reached for a biscuit and dunked it in his coffee. “Now I’m hooked.”
“Not a bad thing to be hooked on.”
Damon raised an eyebrow. “Biscotti or Gina?”
“Both, I guess.” She bit into her biscotti. “You sound happy.”
“I am. Doesn’t seem possible but we’ve been together for about two years now.”
“At least one of us is happy.”
Damon watched her carefully… silently.
“What hurts is that I misjudged him so completely,” she said. “Last night was the first time we… you know… had sex.” She rolled her eyes. “I can’t believe I’m boring you with this.”
“And the flowers were a kiss-off? That’s raw. At least my Mom likes them.”
“You sent them to your Mom? That’s great.”
“She thought so. But back to this guy. He doesn’t deserve you Lauren. I know this is easier said than done, but forget you ever knew him. When you least expect it, someone will come along and sweep you off your feet.”
“Is that what happened with you and Gina?”
“Yeah.” He motioned to his legs. “Except for the sweeping part. Our friends say that watching us was like watching a romantic movie.”
“Stop it, you’re going to make me cry.” But Lauren was smiling. “Know what Alexis said this afternoon? She said we’d have better luck if we wrote a note, shoved it in a bottle and threw it in the river.” She gave him a sideways glance. “What do you think?”
He had that strange distant look on his face – the one he got when he was puzzling something out.
“What?”
“She just might have something there.”
“Come on, she was just kidding.”
“I get that, but I was thinking about the website and how many people read it. What if you did a piece suggesting that very thing? We could ask for feedback… or not, that would depend on you and Alexis. What’s the old expression… ‘everything old is new again’? But my Spidey senses tell me it’s such a crazy idea that people will be sharing it all over the place. After all, this business is about more page views.”
His enthusiasm was contagious. “Damon Williams, I think you’ve got something there.” She sipped her coffee. “What would we call it?”
He laughed. “That part’s easy. You call it LOVE IN A BOTTLE. I’ll even come up with a graphic for you.”
She grabbed another biscotti and nibbled it thoughtfully. “I’ll do it!” She jumped up.
“Where are you going?”
“Downstairs to my office while the idea is fresh in my head.” She took a few steps and then turned back. “Thanks for the coffee… and the idea. I’ll see you in the morning.” She made it as far as the door before turning back again. “I hope we’re paying you enough.”
He shook his head. “I’m well paid, but thanks for asking.”
She spun around. “Okay then. Tomorrow.”

* * *

Lauren was already in her office when Damon rolled in the next morning.
“Did you go home?” he teased. She was clearly wearing different clothes.
“Of course, and I slept very well, thank you very much. By the way, thanks for the graphic. I’ve put it together and sent it to you. Let me know what you think.”
Damon hadn’t seen her so enthused about a project for a long time. He turned on his computer and started to read.

What to do when
Mr. Right
Becomes
Mr. Wrong.

As I move through the singles scene here in Chicago, I’m constantly meeting women who tell me they’re beginning to think they’ll never find the right man. It’s the same all over the country, so I’m told.
A friend of mine recently had a suggestion that, at first blush, seems off the wall. But the more I think about it, the more it makes sense. What is it?
LOVE IN A BOTTLE


I can hear you now. “She’s crazy,” you’re saying. “They do that in movies and even then it usually doesn’t work out.”
True… but what if it did? What if you were brave enough to be brutally honest about what you expect from a partner… Keep in mind that this can work for both men and women. Forget about the picture that shows the way you looked ten years ago… twenty pounds lighter and skin as smooth as a baby’s bottom. Forget about pretending you’d like to hike the West Coast Trail when a quiet walk through your local park is more your style. Forget about pretending you’re a gourmet cook when you have the world’s largest collection of take-out menus.
Got kids? Be proud of them. He (or she) is going to find out eventually.
I guess what I’m saying is be honest about who you are and what you want. Write it down, put it in a waterproof bottle, set it free and then forget about it. Even if your missive is never found, you’ll know yourself a little better. And who knows, you just might find the love of your life.
If you do, be sure to let us know.

* * *

Damon read it twice, aware that Lauren was watching him eagerly. 
“Dang, girl. This is good. It’s a perfect blend of “I dare you” and “I’m not really serious.”
Lauren grinned. “That’s exactly what I was aiming for.”
“There is one problem though.” He managed to keep a straight face. “Are you ready?”
“No, but you’re going to tell me anyway, so go ahead.”
“I think this is going to catch on like wildfire. We’re going to be swamped with their stories. Not right away, but when they start to come in, they’ll be mega popular.”
“You think so?”
“I do.” He thought for a moment. “We’ll need to consult with Chase and ask him for a disclaimer to put on the site about comments being public. He’ll know how to handle that aspect.”
“Do you want to take care of that?”
“Sure.” In an average month Damon spoke with the lawyer several times. “I assume you’re going to reconfirm with Alexis but in the meantime I’ll go ahead and build a special area for it.” He paused. “I love the idea of readers sharing their ideas. It’s not even live yet and I’m already anxious to read the first one.”
Chasing Rainbows

Love In A Bottle series
BOOK ONE
CHAPTER ONE




 “Daddy, you have to see this.”
“Not now, Sweetie.”
“But Daddy, this is perfect for you.”
“Francie, what did I tell you?”
“I know. You told me you have to spend two hours on your pro… what’s that other word?”
“Pro bono.”
“That free stuff.”
Quinn Roberts looked up to see his daughter staring morosely at the screen of her iPad. “I promise I’ll look at it when I’m finished.”
“Okay.” 
She was getting good at this. If he wasn’t careful, in another couple of years she’d be running his life completely… even more than she did now, that is. He lowered his head so she wouldn’t see his smile. He’d rather have a daughter who knew how to be forceful once in a while… knew how to stand up for herself… than some of the brow-beaten women he came across in his practice.
In addition to his law practice at Roberts, Stewart & Pratt, Quinn Roberts devoted a portion of his time each month to pro bono work. Many of the cases came to him naturally, offshoots from his specialty of Family Law. People got themselves into such scrapes. Sometimes he wanted to grab them by the shoulders, shake them a bit and ask them what they were thinking.
Better not to go there now. If he concentrated, he could probably finish in forty-five minutes and see what new miracle Francie had discovered on the Internet.

* * *

“Okay, young lady.” He sat down beside her and gave her a quick hug. “What have you found that’s so important?”
She turned to him with what he recognized as her ‘serious’ expression. He’d better listen carefully or she’d have him agreeing to something he’d regret later.
“Before I show you this, we have to talk.”
Quinn bit back a groan, but managed to sit quietly.
“I know how much you still miss Mom,” she began. “But it’s been four years now and it’s time you let yourself love someone again.” She fingered the locket at her throat, the one containing her mother’s picture.
Quinn’s heart constricted at her words, but knew it was important to let her talk.
“I worry about you sometimes, Dad.” Her serious brown eyes resembled Emily so much he couldn’t have spoken if he tried.
“The thing is…” Her gaze skittered away from his. “The thing is, I worry that you’re not dating seriously because of me. Okay, so you went out a couple of times, but those were set-ups. It’s time you chose someone on your own.
“Gee, Francie. Why don’t you tell me what you really think?”
She brushed aside his comment. “Don’t get me wrong, I love you for giving me so much of your time, but you deserve to do something for yourself for a change.”
“I don’t know what to say.” It was true; for the first time in years, he was at a loss for words. Bracing his elbows on his knees he clasped his hands and looked down at them as if they held the answer. “I’m not unhappy,” he said after a while. “It’s just…” he took in a shuddering breath. “I think I’m afraid to try again, if you really want to know. “He exhaled slowly. “Have you been worrying about this for a while?”
“Not worrying so much… well, maybe a bit. I mean who’s going to take care of you when I get married and leave home?”
He pretended shock. “You’re getting married?”
She giggled. “No, you big goof.” She reached out to take his hand. “But you know what I mean, don’t you?”
He shook his head. “Never in my wildest dreams did I think I’d be getting a lecture from my eleven year old daughter about my social life – or lack thereof.”
“You know what they say, Dad. Eleven is the new thirty.”
“So it would appear,” he muttered.
“Will you at least think about it?”
“Yes. I’ll think about it.”
“Good, because I’ve come across a wonderful idea on this website I follow.”
“Come on Francie. You know those websites are just trying to suck you in so you’ll buy something.”
“True,” she said, not missing a beat. “All websites have to display ads, or they don’t survive.  This one is no different, but they cover a whole range of subjects. I think the word is eclectic. They’re out of Chicago, and they also have a weekly newspaper.” She frowned. “At least I think it’s weekly. They update the website all the time.”
“That’s all very interesting, but in case you’ve forgotten, we live in Bozeman. That’s three states away. Four if you count Wisconsin.”
Francie rolled her eyes. “I know where it is, Dad. This isn’t about geography, it’s about healing the heart.”
“Okay, now you’re scaring me.”
She touched her locket again. “This isn’t going the way I thought.”
“I’m sorry Sweetie, but I just don’t see the connection between Bozeman and Chicago.”
She held up a hand and then turned the computer to face him. “Just read this. Okay?”
“Okay.” He settled down to read, aware that she was watching him intently.

* * *

Once finished, he sat staring at the screen. A short piece, it was obviously written from the heart. He couldn’t help but wonder what had happened in the author’s life to shake her faith in the opposite sex – to make her come up with such an outrageous notion. The author could be a man of course, but woman or man, one thing in the piece was correct… the idea was crazy.
Reaching out to the computer, he pulled it slightly closer. Ridiculous as the piece was, one thing had hit home… the part about being brutally honest. He read it again, and felt the corner of his mouth hitch up in a smile. He liked the reference to the take-out menus. One of the dates Francie referred to had invited him for dinner. When he’d wandered into the kitchen she’d been frantically trying to hide the take-out containers.
Francie couldn’t stay silent any longer. “You’re smiling! You liked it.”
“I liked the part about the take-out menus… it’s so true.”
“Come on Dad. What do you think? Really?”
“Really?” He turned the screen back to his daughter. “I think that whoever wrote that has a broken heart. I feel sorry for them, but not enough to do the thing with the bottle.”
“But what if the love of your life is waiting out there somewhere?”
He looked out the window and over the treetops in the park across the street. “Your mother was the love of my life,” he said softly. “And now you’ve taken her place.”
“Dad.” The ache in her voice drew his attention back to her. “Your love doesn’t need to be limited to what you give me.” She closed the screen, picked up the iPad and stood up. “I hope you’ll think about it. I’ll be in my room.”
She walked down the hall, head held high. What had he done to deserve this amazing child? Loyal, stubborn, intelligent… and fierce, all rolled into one dynamic little package.
He wandered over to the sliding glass windows and gazed out, hands in his pockets. Was he ready to let a woman into his life again? He wished he hadn’t read that ridiculous piece, because it contained one irrefutable truth. After writing such a letter, you couldn’t help but know yourself better. Is that what he wanted? At this moment, he didn’t know.
CHAPTER TWO




Bart Lockwood followed the aroma of coffee into the kitchen. Taylor must have been up early as usual. He filled his favorite mug and stepped out onto the back deck. Early mornings were his favorite time of day, when the sun had just crested the hills and filtered through the maple trees that surrounded the house, throwing spangles of light across the weathered wood of the deck. It was almost as large as the footprint of the house. He’d argued against building such a large deck but Caroline had insisted and he had to admit now that she’d been right.  She’d also been right about building around the old maple tree which sat in the south west corner of the deck, offering shade during the hot summer months. His ex-wife had been right about a lot of things. Looking back, he wondered if that’s why they’d split up… his inability to admit that she might be right.
They’d met in Boise when he was working as a journalist for the local newspaper. Caroline had been working as a successful graphic artist for several years at that point. They’d been happy the first few years, especially after Taylor came along. But their lives changed when Bart, at Caroline’s insistence, submitted the manuscript of a novel he’d been working on to a New York publisher. At that time he knew very little about publishers but learned later that they had responded with lightning speed, offering him a high six-figure advance, and an option on his next two books.
Settling into his favorite Adirondack chair he placed his mug on the arm and let his mind take him back to those heady days. With the publication of his first book he’d become instantly famous under his pen name of Adam Ward. His publisher had come up with the name, suggesting tactfully that Bart Lockwood didn’t quite cut it. Besides, with two short names, book cover design would be easier. He’d agreed readily and he and Caroline purchased this small two hundred acre property. Bart had urged Caroline to give up her job, his logic being that she would have lots to do remodeling the house and taking care of Taylor.
In the meantime, he threw all of his energies into writing the second book in the series, then the third, and his career path was set. His first three books made the New York Times best-seller list but he didn’t stop there. Bart worked hard to improve his craft and it showed in the quality of his books. What wasn’t obvious – at least to his readers – was that he was taking on the characteristics of his main protagonist, a wisecracking private investigator with an abrasive personality. Toward the end of every book the PI did something to redeem himself in the eyes of the other characters as well as the readers, and was forgiven. But at home Bart was becoming impossible to live with. Caroline accused him of picking fights with her just for sport. She’d probably been right about that too, although he denied it at the time. “If you don’t like it, then leave!” he’d shouted after one prolonged argument. Try as he might, he couldn’t even remember what the disagreement was about, but she’d walked out and never looked back, taking Taylor with her. Divorce documents had arrived a few months later and he’d stared at them for the longest time, his emotions swinging between anger and regret. 
He’d continued to see Taylor as much as his schedule – and hers – would allow. Much like her mother, she’d turned into a beautiful woman and he was proud of her success.
And then a few months ago, just as the last snow of the winter was melting, she’d arrived on his doorstep with two suitcases. Her timing had been perfect as he’d just finished a grueling re-write of the last half of his latest book.
“May I stay with you for a while?” she asked. He couldn’t see her eyes behind her designer sunglasses, but her voice trembled. He’d opened the door wide and welcomed her into what had once been her home. She’d been with him ever since, a quiet companion who didn’t say much. While he was writing she spent her days riding in the surrounding hills and fly fishing in the river that wound through their property. He never spoke of what an idiot he’d been when married to her mother and she didn’t talk about why she was hiding here, on a small Montana ranch. Of course it wasn’t technically a ranch… he didn’t run any cattle or other animals, just a few horses. A week after she arrived, Taylor arranged for her horse to be delivered and Jasmine joined his two horses in the stables. Around the same time, she went into town and came home with a rescue dog, a five-year-old Golden Lab that had lost an eye due to owner neglect. She named him Sammy, after Sammy Davis Jr.
“Can you believe it?” she said, displaying some of her former fire. “Now that he’s not pretty they didn’t want him anymore.” Bending over, she scratched his ears. “Being pretty is overrated. Trust me, I know.”
Bart raised his eyebrows at this remark, wondering if she was about to tell him what had brought her here, but she withdrew into herself. In the years since she and her mother had left he’d changed; he was a patient man now and was willing to wait until she was ready to talk.
“Morning Dad.”
He looked up, startled. Lost in thought, he hadn’t noticed her walking across the yard. Sammy ran up onto the deck and rested his chin on the arm of the chair, confident that Bart would scratch his ears.
He raised his cup in a casual salute. “Thanks for the coffee. Why does yours always taste better than mine?”
“I don’t know… because somebody else made it, I suppose.” She grinned to soften the remark.
“You might be right.” He continued to scratch the dog’s ears and Sammy smiled blissfully. “How’s your mother?”
Taylor looked at him, her brows drawn together.
“If you don’t want to say anything, I understand.”
“That’s okay. It’s just that… never mind.” She hitched herself up and sat on the porch railing. Her legs were almost long enough to touch the ground, but not quite. “She’s doing fine. A friend of hers who owns a gallery saw her abstract drawings and convinced her to put them up for sale. She’s doing rather well.”
“Really?”
She glared at him.
“That didn’t come out right. I know she has talent, but I hadn’t heard she was selling her work… that’s all. Where are they being shown? At that place owned by the Italian?”
“Yes, Massimo. I’ve been telling her for a couple of years that she has talent and to show them, but who listens to family?”
“A lot of people, actually. It’s hard on young writers who ask their family to read their book. Of course the family assures them it’s the next big thing...”
“…but it isn’t.” she finished. “I can see how that could easily happen. But in Mom’s case, Massimo had to convince her. Anyway, it worked out; I’m glad she agreed.”
“Did she ever get married? I heard she was with someone and that a wedding was imminent.”
“Imminent.” One corner of her mouth lifted in a lop-sided smile. “You talk like a writer.”
“Sorry. Occupational hazard.”
She gave him a sharp look, slightly taken aback by the apology. “You could ask her yourself, you know. I don’t feel comfortable talking about her personal life.” 
Taylor had no intention of getting caught in the middle. The truth was, her mother had called off the wedding with only a few weeks to spare, and the last time they spoke, she’d asked about her father. And now here he was, asking about her mom as though he cared.
“I understand. Forget I asked.”
“Don’t go getting all pissy on me, Dad. You know where she lives.”
“That’s true,” he said thoughtfully. “I do.”
“All right then.”
Sammy lifted his head, unaccustomed to the sharp tone of her words.
“I think I’ll go for a ride this morning. I spotted a grouse nest in the neighbor’s field and I’ve made a marker so he doesn’t disturb it by mistake.”
“Gerry?”
“Yeah. I saw him last week and mentioned it, so he’ll know what the red flag means when he sees it. Do you mind keeping Sammy with you today? I’m worried that if he spots the grouse he might chase it. I’ve been training him, but he’s not quite obedient enough yet.”
“Be glad to. I’m working on the outline for my next book so he can keep me company.”
“Thanks.”
“Are you going to take your fly rod?”
“Not today. See you later.”
Bart watched her walk across the yard. In her skinny jeans and cowboy boots her gait was bold and yet sensuous. He had no idea how she did it. He wondered when she’d settle down and get married but didn’t dare ask her. She’d been a teenager when Caroline took her away and now she was a fully grown woman. They were both still finding their way in this new relationship and he was damned if he was going to do anything to endanger it. He drained the coffee in his cup, went into the kitchen for another and settled at his computer.

* * *

Taylor spoke to Jasmine as she saddled her. “What was that all about?”
The horse nickered softly.
“That’s what I thought,” she said. “That was more than just a casual inquiry.”
Jasmine flicked her ears.
“Exactly.” Taylor stroked Jasmine’s neck. “We’ll let them work it out. In the meantime, let’s enjoy this beautiful day. I heard a Meadowlark the last time we were out. That’s always a sign that summer’s here.”
They took their time, skirting the edge of Bart’s gently sloping property. In the northeast corner, the land leveled onto a plateau of sorts. The soil up here wasn’t particularly rich, but their neighbor’s crop of alfalfa appeared to be thriving. Good news, as her dad always bought some for the winter.
Taylor had built a small cairn of rocks on their side of the property as a marker for the grouse nest. The bird was well camouflaged on its nest and she had to search for a moment but finally spotted it and shoved the marker into the soil on the property line, several yards from the nest.
“That’s our good deed for today,” she said, re-mounting. “Now let’s go check out the creek.” She shaded her eyes. “I can see it from here.”
Now that the spring run-off had abated, the creek had settled into its route for this year. As far as she could tell there were no major changes. It wasn’t unusual for local creeks and rivers to change course after winters when the snow pack had been heavy, but this past winter had produced an average amount of snow. This section of the creek wound lazily through the valley bottom, widening in some areas before turning back on itself, creating dark pools of water beneath overhanging trees. There was something about this area that made her feel peaceful. She dismounted, leaving Jasmine to graze while she headed for one of her favorite spots on a bleached log.
The sand was brilliantly white here and for a moment she thought what caught her eye was glare from the sand, but then she looked again and her temper flared. Someone had tossed a bottle into the creek and it had come to rest beside a tuft of grass on one of the sand bars. Biting back her anger she strode through the shallow water, across the sand bar and picked up the offending bottle. It was made of high quality plastic which was better than glass that might break, but it was still litter. She’d have to take it home to dispose of it. Shoving it into her saddlebag, she noticed something inside.
“What the…” She held it up. Inside the bottle was a rolled-up piece of paper with a string tied around it. On closer observation, the string came out through the top, which was sealed with wax.
She showed the bottle to Jasmine, who looked at it unblinkingly. “What do you think? Looks like someone went to a fair amount of bother to put something inside. Shall we open it?”
The horse made a snuffling sound and Taylor took that as a yes. “Okay then. Good thing I brought my Swiss army knife.”
Holding the string between her fingers, she carefully cut away the wax from the top of the bottle. Whoever had put this together had done a decent job she thought, prying the cork from the bottle top.
She pulled it out and studied the roll of paper for a moment, wondering why butterflies had taken up residence in her tummy. She supposed she could take it home, re-seal the bottle and send it on its way again, but that notion didn’t last long. The truth was, this was the most intriguing thing that had happened to her since coming here, and if she didn’t open the message, she’d always wonder…

“I can’t believe I’m actually writing this. My name is Quinn and I’m father to a determined eleven year old daughter who discovered a website where a columnist encourages people to jot down their hopes and dreams, shove them in a bottle and set them free… their words, not mine. If you think I’m being coerced by my own child you’re right, and if you know any eleven year olds, you’ll also know that sometimes it’s better to simply give in.
The truth is, the more I read the short piece in #Trending – that’s the website – the more I’m beginning to think that their premise is right – it’s time I was honest about what I want. In my line of work I meet too many people who are afraid to speak up for what they want and they go through life feeling as though they’ve missed out on the important stuff.
My wife died four years ago. Her death from cancer was painful and sudden; there wasn’t much chance to say goodbye. I’ll always love Emily, but thanks to my daughter I see that I’m not living… not really.
What do I want? First and foremost, to take care of Francie. She’s remarkably intuitive for someone her age. She’s also defiant and loyal, and I’d give my life for her. Do I want to find someone – to quote the article – ‘the love of my life’? The simple answer is I don’t know. How’s that for a definitive statement?
What I do know is that I’d like to recapture the joy I used to feel on a sunny summer morning, waking up to sunlight streaming through the trees in the back yard. A simple wish perhaps, but there’s something about the peace that comes in the early morning, knowing that the day will get better. Knowing that I’m alive, and that the future is in my hands.”

He was good… really good. Wondering what other fantasies he’d come up with, Taylor turned the paper over but the other side was blank.
“No fair,” she muttered aloud, and then read the message again.
“Come on, give me a break,” she said aloud after the third reading. “This sounds like something from a Hallmark movie. Grieving man, spunky daughter. I’m surprised he doesn’t talk about their rescue dog.”
And yet… why was she so quick to dismiss what he wrote? A man she trusted had betrayed her, but did that mean every man was deceitful? She walked slowly to the bleached log and sat down. There was something about Quinn’s words that rang true. How many men would admit to being manipulated by their child? None that she knew. “Francie,” she said, liking the sound of the name on her tongue. “You sound like an interesting kid.” She read the missive once more and then tucked it, along with the bottle, into her pommel saddlebag and headed home.
Sammy came running out of the house as she walked across the yard. “Hello boy,” she said affectionately. “Did you miss me?” She put fresh water in his dish, grabbed a bottle for herself, plus her iPad, and sat down in the Adirondack chair that she’d placed at right angles to her father’s.
“Let’s see,” she murmured to herself, checking the message from the bottle. “Oh yes, here it is… #Trending.”
It didn’t take long to find the website. With over a million likes she was surprised that she hadn’t heard of it, but she’d never been fond of surfing the internet – especially in the past few months.
She cracked the water bottle and drank half of it while reading the post. Her first thought was that whoever penned the piece was probably talking about themselves, whether they acknowledged that fact or not. The language was raw, honest, and it brought tears to her eyes as memories flooded in…
CHAPTER THREE

“But Mommy, won’t Daddy miss us?” Twelve year old Taylor knew of parents getting divorced, but that was other people – not her. Her mother had stopped, taken a deep breath and fell to her knees in front of the tearful child. “Taylor, your Daddy loves you and he’ll miss you every day but we simply can’t live here any longer. I won’t have you growing up in a home with parents who are constantly arguing. It’s not healthy.”
She had to admit that the arguments were becoming more frequent… and louder. Twice last week, she’d fallen asleep with her pillow pulled over her head.
“Will I be able to visit him?”
Caroline hesitated for a fraction of a second but it was enough to send a chill through Taylor. “Yes, you can visit, but you know how your father is when he’s writing.”
That much was true. Sometimes it seemed as though he disappeared for days at a time, and he didn’t like to be interrupted. Taylor silently accepted that her life was about to change.

* * *

Life in Boise wasn’t so bad after all. Attending a bigger school meant that she had more friends. She’d always been tall; her father affectionately referred to her as ‘coltish’, but it was her growth spurt during her thirteenth and fourteenth years that defined her future. By the time she was sixteen she was over six feet.
To Caroline, it seemed as though her daughter turned into a beautiful young woman overnight. Taylor walked with a fluid grace that turned heads on men of all ages. By some standards she might be considered thin, but Caroline’s doctor assured her that the young woman was perfectly healthy. As the last of Taylor’s youthful fat melted away, her spectacular bone structure was revealed, one that ached to be photographed. It didn’t take long for an enterprising agent to spot her in the mall and ask her if she had representation.
“You’d have to talk to my mother,” she said, sizing him up. “What did you have in mind?”
The man looked startled. “Fashion modeling, of course. You mean you haven’t done any yet? The way you move, you look like a pro.”
She’d heard about men approaching girls her age. She was skeptical, but his words lit a fire in her and she hoped he’d turn out to be legit. A successful career as a model would allow her to become her own person instead of being torn between her father and her mother.
Her mother insisted on a short-term contract to start with and before signing, Taylor visited her father at Spring Creek to ask his opinion.
“I’ve always thought you were attractive enough to be a model,” he said, scanning the contract and handing it back. His eyes narrowed. “But are you sure this is what you want? I did some research on modeling for one of my books and it’s a tough game.”
“I know,” she said. “And I’ll be careful.”
“I know you will Pumpkin. Or should I call you ‘Valentina’?” I see you’re going to use that as your professional name.”
“I thought it sounded a bit more feminine than Taylor. Besides, you write under another name. I’m just continuing the family tradition.”
He smiled but didn’t comment. “Just remember to manage your own money, and if you start raking in the big bucks, call me and I’ll refer you to my manager.”
“Mom said the same thing.”
“Your mother is a wise woman. Listen to her.”
“I do, Dad.” She perched on the arm of his chair and kissed him on the top of his head. “Are you okay out here by yourself? At least I assume you’re by yourself.”
He chuckled. “I go out on dates from time to time, but there’s nobody serious in my life, if that’s what you’re asking.”
“You know me too well. Are you happy though?”
He forced a smile. “Happy enough. What about you?”
“I’m trying not to be overly confident about this new career, but I think I’ll be good at it.” She walked to the door. “I’ll keep you informed.”
“You do that.” Bart Lockwood watched his daughter fold her long legs into her sports car and drive off. With the top down and her long hair streaming out behind, she looked like she’d already made it.

* * *

‘Valentina’ exploded onto the modeling scene like a shooting star. Her agent, a quiet grandfatherly man, knew the business inside and out and directed her career like a maestro.  Within a couple of years she was earning top dollar and traveling all over the world. Sensing a demand for models with her body type, her agent had positioned her to be a lingerie model and by the age of twenty-two she was ranked among the top three lingerie models in the world.
She met Rowdy on the Gold Coast of Australia where she’d gone to do a shoot for the world’s premier lingerie brand. A friend of the photographer, he was one of the extras on the shoot. His laid-back attitude appealed to Taylor and before long they were seriously dating. When she went back to New York he went with her. They both worked steadily and they lived together happily for a little over a year.
When Rowdy’s ‘type’ went out of fashion he became restive, complaining that she didn’t have time for him. Shortly after that, he turned critical and she suggested that perhaps he should go back to California, where he’d feel more comfortable. She would join him as soon as possible.
Her agent, a keen observer of human nature, suggested that Rowdy might not be as loyal as she deserved. Taylor dismissed his concerns and asked him to schedule a break for her as soon as possible. She planned to surprise Rowdy with a leisurely holiday on the Gold Coast of Australia. She’d purchased a small home there when she worked on the shoot where they met and hadn’t used it nearly enough.
It had taken a fair amount of effort to re-schedule her commitments, but when her departure date was finally set she realized that she’d been working almost non-stop for close to six years, and that she needed a break in the worst way.
A few days before her departure, she received a panicked phone call from her agent.
“Taylor,” he said breathlessly. “I’m so sorry.”
Her first thought was that something had happened to one of her parents.
“What is it,” she asked. “Has something happened to one of my parents?”
There was a moment’s silence on the line. “You don’t know,” he said.
“Know what? Is it something about Rowdy? Has he been injured?”
“Yes, it’s about Rowdy and no, he hasn’t been injured.”
“Patrick Townsend, you’re frightening me.”
“Taylor, I don’t know how to tell you this but Rowdy has some nude pictures of you and he sold them to one of those trashy online sites. They’re all over the internet.”
She’d been packing her suitcase and sat down on the edge of her bed. “What are you talking about?”
Her memories of that conversation and the few days that followed were blurry in her memory. How could Rowdy have done this to her? She’d never willingly posed for nude photographs, but he was never without his phone and when her head stopped spinning she realized that he could very easily have taken photos of her. When she finally got the nerve to look at them online, she recognized the hotel they’d stayed at in St. Bart’s. They’d celebrated with a bottle of champagne when the shoot was over and apparently he’d taken a series of pictures of her undressing, a trail of clothes on the floor as she made her way to the bathroom. Struggling not to be sick she forced herself to look at them; he’d managed to take shots that looked posed.
She visited a lawyer who informed her that yes, she could sue, but that it would probably come down to a he-said she-said scenario. “Besides,” he said, “if we litigate, it will bring more attention to the situation. I sent a takedown notice immediately and they’re gone now, but the damage is done. They’re out there now.”
“Thank you,” she said, surprised that her voice was so steady. “Please send your bill to my manager.”
She’d been short listed to star in a made-for-television movie, but her agent informed her that the offer had been withdrawn. “I don’t care,” she said, and at that point she really didn’t. “Can you please cancel my bookings for the next three or four months? I’ll be in touch.”
Her agent cleared his throat. “I know this sounds indelicate, but the truth is, you’ll be even more in demand.”
She gave a bitter laugh. “That’s sick. I’ll call you soon.”
She’d arrived at her father’s place the next day. Wrapped up in the re-write of his current book, he evidently hadn’t seen anything on the internet and she’d been too upset to bring it up. Maybe it was time to tell him now.

* * *

“You look far away.”
Lost in her memories, Taylor hadn’t noticed that her father had joined her outside.
“I was,” she said, shaking her head to clear the unpleasant thoughts. “I hope I didn’t disturb you.”
“Naw… this is one of those days when nothing is working. How was your ride?”
“Well…” She reached down to the floor and picked up the bottle. “I found this in the creek. Well, not in the creek, up on a sand bar.” She handed it to him.
He looked at it cautiously. “Is this what I think it is?”
She grinned. “That depends. What do you think it is?”
“A love letter?”
She considered his response for a moment. “Sort of. You’d have to read it to see why I’m being vague.”
He held it up to the light. “I’m not sure if I want to. I mean, you found it, so technically it’s your love letter.” But he couldn’t take his eyes from the rolled-up piece of paper.
“Go on, you know you want to. The storyteller in you can’t wait to see what it says.”
He grinned. “Busted.” He removed the paper carefully, put on his glasses and read.
He sat quietly for several long moments, and then raised his eyes. “What was your first reaction?”
“My first reaction? That’s an odd question.”
He tapped the rolled-up paper against the arm of his chair, but said nothing.
“Okay. I thought it was corny. Tacky, even.” She threw up her hands. “Even Jasmine agreed with me.”
“I didn’t know she could read.”
“You know what I mean.” Taylor took a deep breath. “I have to admit the guy sounds sincere but what do I know? My record with men is less than stellar.”
He raised an eyebrow. “I liked the part about the kid. What’s her name again?”
“Francie.”
“Yeah, Francie. She sounds like a pistol.”
“Now you’re talking like one of the characters in your book. Speaking of which, what would a character in your book do at this point?”
Bart shook his head. “Wouldn’t happen in one of my books. Wrong genre.”
“You’re just saying that. You could put it in if you wanted.”
“Okay. Challenge accepted. My guy’s a PI, so he’d probably answer as someone else.”
“Not fair.”
“Perhaps not but that’s what he’d do.”
“Men!” She spat out the word, then looked up quickly. “I didn’t mean you, Dad.”
He studied her through eyes that had seen a lot. “You don’t trust men very much, do you?”
“As long as they keep their distance, they’re fine. But you won’t see me getting involved with one in the near future.”
Her father regarded her steadily. “You know Taylor, not all men are like Rowdy.”
She froze, then turned slowly. “You know.”
“Yes.”
She dropped her head. “How long have you known?”
“I knew a couple of days after it happened.”
She clutched her stomach and rocked back and forth. “How did you find out?”
“We share the same business manager, remember? It’s a good thing that young man was on the other side of the world or I’d be in jail now for assault.”
Taylor smiled at him through teary eyes. “Thank you for saying that, Dad.”
“It’s true.”
She stopped rocking and fell back in the chair, her eyes closed. “I didn’t know it was possible to feel so… I can’t even think of the right word… so used, so manipulated.”
“I can’t begin to imagine what you went through but I do understand why you’ll probably always be cautious when it comes to men.”
“You can say that again.” She blew out a stream of air. “The thing is, he wasn’t even a real man. He was just a kid playing at being grown-up. I mean he had no sense of responsibility, no integrity."
Bart nodded. “Look on the bright side. After him, anything will be an upgrade. Men don’t get any lower than that.” He waved the rolled-up letter. “So, are you going to answer?”
She looked at her father warily. “No. I’m still deciding what my next move will be.”
“Take as much time as you like. It’s nice having you around.”
“Thanks Dad.” She gave a shy smile. “You know, all I could think about when those pictures came out was getting out here. I knew I’d be safe with you.”
“You’re always welcome here. You know that.”
“Yes,” she said. “I do.”
They fell into a comfortable silence. After a few minutes Bart glanced over to find that she’d fallen asleep. “Thank you for telling me,” he said, his voice little more than a whisper. He gathered up the bottle and the letter and headed for his office.
He called up the website mentioned in the letter and found the short piece in their Lifestyles section. The graphic of the bottle looked remarkably like the bottle Taylor had found by the river.
The researcher in him took over and a quick internet search linking ‘Quinn’ and ‘Francie’ took him to a website displaying the obituary notice for Quinn’s wife some four years ago. Quinn’s daughter was mentioned, as was his firm. A quick check on that site confirmed that he was one of the partners of a small but prestigious law firm. The lawyer’s name was also mentioned in a flattering piece in the local Bozeman paper lauding him for his pro bono work.
Bart sat for a while staring at the screen but not really seeing it. He’d promised himself that he wouldn’t interfere in Taylor’s life but that was before she’d become famous as Valentina… before she’d been betrayed. Things were different now. Very different.
He started typing.

Hi Quinn
Found your bottle stuck on a sand bar up here at Spring Creek Ranch. I’m surprised I’m actually replying, but your message called out to me. You’re right about the peace of early morning. I agree that in those fragile, perfect moments of a new day we hold the future in our hands. I wish you well on the rest of your journey.
I’ve had disappointments too, and find there’s nothing like a walk down to the creek with my fly rod and Sammy running alongside… Sammy’s my dog. Sometimes with the sun cresting the hills and the mist rising from the water, I don’t even throw out a line. I just enjoy. 
If you ever feel the need to get away from Bozeman, Spring Creek is a little piece of heaven. We’re informal here, stop by any time.
Taylor Lockwood.

Bart pressed SEND. If Quinn Roberts showed up and Taylor got angry he’d handle that when the time came. In the meantime, something told him he’d done the right thing.

CHAPTER FOUR




Quinn sat on the edge of Francie’s bed a little longer than usual as she chattered on about camp. 
“I’m soooo glad you insisted that I take swimming lessons,” she said. “Because only girls who know how to swim can go out in the canoes.”
“You’ll be wearing a life vest of course.”
She rolled her eyes. “Of course Daddy.”
“I’m going to miss you.”
She threw her arms around his neck. “I’ll miss you too, but you’ll be picking me up before you know it. And who knows, maybe you’ll get a response to your message.” She pouted a bit. “I still think it’s not fair that you didn’t show me what you wrote.”
He kissed her forehead. “A man has to keep some things to himself.”
“I suppose.” In spite of all the excitement, her eyes were beginning to close. “Night, Daddy. See you in the morning.”
“Night, Pumpkin.”
Quinn wandered into the living room and stood in front of the window. Ever since he and Francie had ceremoniously released the bottle in the river, he’d been kicking himself for not including a return address. Of course even if he had included a way to reply, there was no guarantee that his bottle would be found. And if it was, would the finder read his message and then toss it away? As the days passed, he found himself hoping that someone would find it. Each day he promised himself he’d stop checking his e-mail, but of course that didn’t stop him from looking. The thought of hearing from a stranger was oddly exciting, a concept that brought him up short a couple of times. Maybe Francie was right – the past couple of years he hadn’t really been living. With a sigh of frustration he went into his office and sat down in front of the screen.
A new message popped up and his pulse started to race.
After the first quick read he was disappointed that a man had replied. There…he admitted it… in his fantasies, he’d received a reply from a woman. Even so, he read again, more slowly this time. Some of the guy’s prose was a bit flowery, but then who was he to judge? His life revolved around dry, boring legalese. A few descriptive phrases never hurt anyone.

* * *

Quinn had planned to put in long hours while Francie was away at camp, but the house was empty without her, and he found himself wandering around, thinking about the message from Taylor. He didn’t know at what point he’d stopped thinking of the other man as a stranger, but it was almost as if he knew him. 
He called up the message, read it once more and tapped the screen thoughtfully. “He says to stop by any time,” he murmured to himself. “I think I’ll take him up on it.”
A quick check of Google Maps confirmed that Spring Creek was an offshoot of the Gallatin River. Francie would be disappointed when he told her that their bottle hadn’t traveled very far, but at least it wouldn’t take long to get there. He could always stop at the State Park and ask for directions.

* * *

“Spring Creek Ranch?” The young woman at the Information Booth reached for a map. “Can’t say I’m familiar with it, but I’m sure we can find it on this map. Beautiful country out that way, for sure.”
They scoured the map together and discovered that access wouldn’t be easy, but it was doable via the back roads. With hastily written notes in hand he set out to meet Taylor. If nothing else, the man had been instrumental in dislodging him from his comfortable rut. It wasn’t until he started thinking about visiting that he realized how dull he’d become. No wonder Francie had been so excited about going to camp. He’d have to make it up to her.

* * *

The land wasn’t heavily treed here which gave Quinn an opportunity to get a feel for the topography. Mountains rose in the distance, a striking backdrop to the meandering valley which had been formed over the years by the Gallatin River. Yes, he thought to himself as he approached the ranch, this is a little piece of heaven.
He almost missed the LOCKWOOD sign on the road. The driveway into the house rambled through the property, one branch leading to the front porch and another disappearing behind the house.
Quinn hadn’t thought much beyond getting here. Now that he’d arrived, he sat in his car wondering what he’d say once he got up the nerve to ring the doorbell.
The home slumbered in the late afternoon sun. There didn’t appear to be anyone home, but from somewhere behind the house he heard the soft whinny of horses. He was starting to wonder if he’d made a mistake in coming here when the front door opened and a man stepped out onto the porch. Too late to back out now.
“Can I help you?”
Quinn got out of his car and took a few steps forward. “Taylor?”
The man hesitated a moment. “No, I’m Bart.”
He looked vaguely familiar but Quinn’s focus was on meeting Taylor. “My name is Quinn Roberts and I received an e-mail from Taylor. He said I could stop by any time but I can always come back tomorrow if it’s inconvenient.”
Bart seemed to find that amusing. “Inconvenient? Not at all.” He squinted up at the sky. “Taylor’s taken a walk down to the creek to check on the evening rise. If you’ve been driving for a while you might enjoy wandering down that way.” He gestured to his right. “That path will take you right there.”
“Good idea. Is my car okay here?”
Bart shrugged. “Not a problem. By the way, we’re having spaghetti for dinner, so you’re welcome to stay. You can let me know when you get back.”
“Okay. Thanks for the offer.” Quinn was glad he’d worn his running shoes; he couldn’t remember the last time he’d used them. He set out down the path.

* * *

Tiny droplets of water sprang from the line as Taylor cast. She hadn’t caught any fish tonight but that didn’t matter. It was one of those golden nights when it was enough to be out here enjoying the silence. Her technique had improved over the past few months; it pleased her that the basic motion required for fly casting hadn’t disappeared over the years. She supposed it was like riding a bicycle, albeit slightly more difficult.
Birds chattered in the trees along the creek edge, flitting from one branch to the other in search of the perfect spot to roost overnight. Speaking of roosting, it was time she thought about her future. Since arriving here she’d tried a few times to decide what to do next, but each time she did, memories of those painful days flooded back in. Her father had welcomed her with open arms but she couldn’t stay here forever. It was time to stop hiding and see what was going on out in the ‘real’ world.
But not tonight. She reeled in her line and prepared for another cast, holding the excess line in the fingers of her left hand.
Suddenly alert, Sammy raised his head, a low growl in his throat. Taylor paused, her rod raised almost perpendicular.
A man stood off to her right and slightly behind her. Sammy, who had been enjoying the warmth of the sand, rose and came to her side, leaning against her right leg in a protective manner.
The first thing she thought was that the man looked out of place… uncomfortable perhaps. He belonged in a corporate boardroom, or modeling men’s fashion – anywhere but here on a trout stream in those ridiculous outdated running shoes, staring at her like he’d never seen a woman before.
“Are you lost?” she asked.
“Who, me?”
“Do you see anyone else around?”
He looked behind him, then turned back to face her. “Bart said I’d find Taylor here. Have you seen him?”
He didn’t look like a reporter. He was too buttoned down… and his skin was pale, as though he hadn’t been outside in six months. But she had to ask. “Are you a reporter?”
“A reporter? Me? Heavens no. Why would you ask such a thing?”
She lifted her shoulders. “Just checking.”
Something flashed in his eyes. Good… he had some spirit after all. For a moment she’d thought he was nothing more than a handsome face.
“Listen, I can see I’m interrupting and for that I apologize, but I came to see Taylor and Bart said I’d find him here.”
She reeled in the line, snagged the hook on the holder and took up the slack, watching him the entire time. “How do you know Taylor?”
“What’s with the twenty questions?”
“It’s a simple request.”
He shook his head. “Listen. My name is Quinn Roberts and I did something I’m beginning to regret.”
It took her about five seconds to figure out that this was the man from the message. She started to plan the ways she’d get back at her father for this.
“I put a message in a bottle and put it in the Gallatin River.” An attractive blush rose into his cheeks. “It was my daughter’s idea. I should have known better.”
Taylor raised an eyebrow.
“And Taylor must have found my message, because I got an e-mail from him. He said I could stop by any time, and here I am.” 
“I see.”
“Do you? Because I sure as… I sure don’t.”
She walked out of the water, stepped out of her waders and pulled on a pair of tennis shoes he hadn’t noticed. Then she walked up to him. “I’m Taylor Lockwood.”
The color drained from his face. “You’re Taylor Lockwood? But I thought –”
“You thought Taylor was a man.”
He stared at her. “Is this some sort of a joke you and Bart play? Am I going to hear banjo music?”
She threw back her head and laughed. “Deliverance, right? I get it.”
He looked completely nonplussed. “But why did Bart let me think Taylor was a man?”
“I’d like to know that myself.” She looked down at the dog beside her. “Come on Sammy. Let’s go ask him.” She picked up her waders and her fly rod.
Quinn reached out a hand. “Here, let me help you.”
She looked at him as though he’d spoken a foreign language. “I’m quite all right, thanks, but you’d better come with me.”
“Why?” He scurried after her.
She paused for a moment and gazed into the darkening sky. “Because at this point I’m tempted to do bodily injury to my father.”
Quinn hid a smile. “Then I suppose I’d better go with you. One of you may need a lawyer.”
“You’re probably right. Do you know any?”
He glared at her.
“Just kidding.” She stopped abruptly and he almost ran into her. He smelled like expensive men’s cologne. This close she could see the day’s growth of stubble on his cheeks. Did he know how attractive that made him? Probably not. “I’m the one who found your bottle.”
She could see him putting the puzzle pieces together.
“And you didn’t respond so your father did.”
“Right.” She started walking again.
“Why did you ask me if I’m a reporter?”
“I’m just cautious that way.”
“No,” he said. “It’s more than that.”
“You’re right.” They were in sight of the house now and she stopped again. “Where are you from?”
“Bozeman.”
“And where are you staying?”
“Tonight? I hadn’t thought that far ahead, but I can either find a motel or drive back. It’s not that far.”
“There’s nothing much around here. We seem to have got you into this, so the least we can do is put you up.”
“Bart did say I could stay for dinner. He said something about spaghetti. Let’s see how that goes and take it from there.”
She walked around behind the house and indicated the massive back deck. “If you wait there, I’ll be right back. I’m just going to put my gear away.”

* * *

Taylor dropped her waders on the floor of the tack room in the stable and placed her fly rod on the counter. She never stored her gear here but it was the only thing she could come up with to get away from Quinn. Why did she have to be attracted to the first man that she’d encountered since… well, since her life fell apart? That was it – she wasn’t really attracted to him – he was just the first man she’d seen for so long.
So why did her pulse race, just thinking about him? About the way he’d squinted into the sun, clearly confused. About the dusting of grey hair at his temples, and those piercing blue eyes that held a lingering trace of sadness. And to make matters worse he was nice, dammit! She didn’t do nice – at least not anymore. Nice usually meant trustworthy and she of all people knew that nobody could be trusted.
She peered at her reflection in the old mirror hanging on the wall. The silvering on the back had worn away over the years, which was just as well… she didn’t want to see herself too clearly.
Where had that thought come from? If she was honest with herself, she couldn’t remember the last time she’d seen herself clearly. Or maybe she didn’t want to remember because when she’d become ‘Valentina’ her true self had ceased to exist. Was it any wonder her father had tried to jolt her back into reality.
With a defeated sigh she accepted that he’d only been trying to help. He’d taken a big gamble, but nothing terrible had happened… so far. In the meantime, what must Quinn be thinking, expecting to meet a man and coming upon her, attitude and all?

* * *

Quinn walked up the stairs and was admiring the deck when the back door opened.
Bart handed him a beer. “I take it you found Taylor.” He cracked his own beer and took a long swallow. “That hits the spot.”
Quinn frowned. “I feel like I’m on some sort of a reality television program.” He opened his beer and took a swallow. It was cold and tasted great. “But at least the beer is real. Thanks.”
Bart motioned to a grouping of three Adirondack chairs. “Have a seat. I owe you an apology, but I’d prefer to do it sitting down.”
Quinn studied the man next to him. “Before we get into that, do I know you from somewhere?”
Bart exhaled. “Do you read?”
“You people are –” He bit off a sharp retort. “I’m a lawyer, so yes, I read a lot.”
Bart brushed off the comment with a wave of his hand. “I know you’re a lawyer. I looked you up on the internet. I meant read as in novels.”
“Not much but… wait a minute, I recognize you now. You’re an author, but you write under a different name. What is it again?”
“Adam Ward. That’s my pen name.”
“So that’s why Taylor asked me if I’m a reporter.”
Bart’s eyebrows rose. “Asked you that, did she?”
“Yeah. Down by the creek.”
Bart took another drink. “This is getting complicated.”
That much was obvious, but Quinn managed not to comment.
Sammy ran up onto the deck and put his head on the arm of Bart’s chair. Bart stroked the dog’s head. “Taylor must be around somewhere. They’re rarely separated.”
“She said she was going to put her gear away.”
“No fish, huh?”
“Not that I saw.” Quinn was beginning to wonder when the small talk would end and the apologizing would start. With a small smile he realized that the apology didn’t matter, but he’d sure like to know what was going on with Taylor.
The ‘ping’ of a timer drifted out from the kitchen. Bart frowned. “I almost forgot about the spaghetti sauce. I have to add a couple of ingredients. Be right back.”
Quinn almost laughed out loud. He wasn’t sure if it was a good thing or a bad thing, but he was actually getting used to the odd behavior of these two. He slumped back in his chair and reviewed what had happened so far today.
CHAPTER FIVE




Writing the message and sending it off seemed like a lifetime ago, but it had only been a couple of weeks. While Quinn admitted that coming here unannounced might not have been the wisest course of action, everything about this entire escapade was out of character, so following his impulse today hadn’t seemed all that outrageous.
Walking down the path from the house to the creek, he’d felt the tension drain from his shoulders. He wasn’t exactly an outdoorsman, but in that short space of time, he became aware of his surroundings – the last of the sun’s warmth as it dove toward the far hills and the scent of sage pungent on the breeze.
And then he saw her and finding Taylor didn’t matter anymore.
She stood in the middle of the shallow stream as if she was part of it. A few wisps of hair had escaped the messy knot at the back of her head and in the last of the sun he could see that it was pale blonde streaked with tawny gold, reminding him of liquid honey. She cast out her line and he swallowed, mesmerized by the fluid sensuality of her movements. Aviator sunglasses shielded her eyes. He hoped he’d get to see her eyes later but in the meantime he drank in the sight of her chiseled jawline and felt a surge of lust so immediate, so powerful that he was overcome with guilt.
As he was wondering how to approach her, a dog rose from its position on a nearby sandbank and went to stand by her side.
And then she opened her mouth and he went down the rabbit hole. At least that’s the way it seemed, and he still hadn’t found his way out.
“Sorry about that.” Quinn was jolted out of his reverie by the reappearance of Bart. He’d brought two more beers, but Quinn held up the first bottle to show he had plenty left. Bart shrugged, put the bottle in a cooler and reclaimed his chair.
“When I was in the kitchen I was thinking about how this must seem to you.” He took a drink. “Me, replying to your message as someone else and then allowing you to think Taylor was a man when you arrived.”
Quinn smiled. “If you put it in one of your novels, nobody would believe you.”
Bart acknowledged the remark with a good-natured chuckle. “No doubt. The thing is, I had a reason for doing what I did, but it’s not my story to tell. What I can tell you is that Taylor recently had a bad experience and she’s been sort of hiding out here.” He ran a finger through the condensation on the side of his bottle. “She hasn’t even gone into town since she arrived, and that was almost four months ago.”
Quinn knew better than to ask for more. Any further explanation would have to come from Taylor. “She mentioned that she might do you bodily harm. I hope for your sake she’s changed her mind.”
“We’re about to find out,” Bart said softly, then raised his voice. “Hi Darlin’. Do I have to defend myself?”
Taylor ran lightly up the steps. “No, I’ve cooled down.” She sat down and Sammy was by her side in an instant. “Have you apologized?”
Bart lifted his shoulders and looked over at Quinn.
“We’re good.”
“All right then, but now it’s my turn to ask a question.” She turned to him and Quinn saw that she’d inherited blue eyes from her father, but a more intense shade. “Where is your daughter?”
“Francie’s at camp. That’s partly why I came on the spur of the moment. The house seemed empty without her.”
“I can believe that.” Her stomach chose that moment to growl. “Does anyone mind if I throw the pasta in the water? I’m starving.”
Quinn sat up. “Sounds good to me. I’ve been smelling that sauce for the past half hour.”
Twenty minutes later the three of them were seated around the kitchen table. 
They ate in comfortable silence for a couple of minutes, then Quinn raised his head. “This is excellent.” He looked from Bart to Taylor. “Family recipe?”
Father and daughter exchanged a quick glance. “Yes,” said Bart. “It’s Caroline’s recipe.” He took a breath. “Caroline is my ex-wife… Taylor’s mother.”
Quinn sensed some mild tension. “Well, if I ever meet her, I’ll tell her how much I enjoyed it.”
Bart grinned as though the compliment was for him. “Caroline always insists on freshly grated parmesan. For me that’s the cherry on top… so to speak.”
Quinn broke off a chunk of baguette. “I’ve often wondered if pasta would taste different in Italy. I know they have endless varieties; I was thinking more of the atmosphere.”
“You’re right.” Taylor’s eyes lit up. “Everything tastes different in Italy.”
“I take it you’ve been there. What’s your favorite thing to eat when you’re there?”
She kissed the tips of her fingers. “Risotto alla Milanese. In Milan, of course. And of course anything in Tuscany, but that’s more about the atmosphere, as you so rightly pointed out.”
Quinn gave an exaggerated sigh. “One of these days.”
“In the meantime,” Taylor, gave her father an affectionate look. “This is delicious.”
When Bart offered more, Quinn sat back and patted his stomach. “I’d love to, but I’m full.”
“Fair enough. I’ll put on some coffee.”
Taylor wiped her plate with the last of her bread. “Have you decided if you’ll stay the night?”
Quinn thought for a moment. “It’s not that far to drive home but I’ve been enjoying the company.”
She narrowed her eyes. “It’s just you and Francie at home?”
He nodded.
“I can tell you love her, but I imagine adult conversation is nice for a change.”
He grinned and stood up. “I’ll help with the dishes. It’s the least I can do.”
“It’s a deal. You wash, I’ll dry.”
The kitchen was fragrant with the smell of coffee. Bart fussed around filling a carafe with coffee and putting out cups, then disappeared.
“Shall we sit outside? I think Dad has gone into his office. Don’t ask me why, but he’s often inspired right after dinner and knocks off a thousand words or so.”
Quinn carried the tray outside and placed it on a small side table between the chairs. Taylor lit two small candles and placed them on the deck railing. “Citronella,” she said. “Keeps the mosquitoes away and they throw a bit of light as well.” She gave him a small smile. “I like to see a person’s eyes when I’m talking to them.”
“I’m a lawyer,” he said casually. “So I’ve become fairly adept at reading people by what their eyes are saying.”
She looked down.
“What, no lawyer jokes?” he said, trying to lighten the atmosphere.
“No lawyer jokes.” She raised her head and looked directly at him. “My lawyer works hard and has always given me good advice.”
Quinn was beginning to despair of ever breaking through her shell. “So what kind of work do you do?”
She dropped her hand and patted Sammy. “I’m unemployed at the moment, but I’m almost ready to put myself out there again.”
“Where is ‘home’ when you’re working?” He put air quotes around home.
“I travel a lot, but New York, mostly.”
“I have been there.” It was his turn to look away. “My wife and I went there when I finished law school. Seems like a long time ago.”
“Did you like it?”
He shook his head. “Not really. All those people!”
“It takes some getting used to, that’s for sure.”
“Who will take care of Sammy when you go to New York? Will you leave him here?”
“Yes, he’s good company for Dad. I’ll miss him though. I’ll miss them both.”
“Is he named for Sammy Davis Jr?”
She brightened. “Yes. Sammy’s my rescue dog.” She looked down at the patient Lab. “We rescued each other, actually.”
It was all Quinn could do not to pull her into his arms and comfort her. Instead, he had to be satisfied with looking at the long, elegant column of her neck. He was running out of small talk when she finally spoke, her voice dreamy.
“Speaking of travel, I have a favorite spot.” She glanced over at him and he could see that her features had softened. “I own a small cottage in the Palm Beach area of the Gold Coast.”
“Australia?”
She nodded. “In spite of the fact that my little place is being crowded out by all the high rises in the area, it’s my sanctuary. I go there to escape whenever I get time.”
“Sounds wonderful.”
“It is. I can walk out onto the most amazing stretch of white sand.” She paused. “I don’t know why I’m telling you this, other than I’m relaxed.” She gave him an odd look. “You’re easy to talk to, Quinn Roberts.”
“Thank you.” He grinned. “And to think that this morning I thought you were a man.”
She laughed. It was a deep, throaty laugh that did dangerous things to his insides. “It’s funny now.” She tilted her head sideways. “Are you disappointed?”
“You’re kidding, right?”
“Yeah, I guess I am. I’m glad you came. So was that original post on the website right? The part about putting a message in a bottle and getting to know yourself better?”
He thought for a moment. “I don’t know about getting to know myself better, but it made me realize that I need to expand my horizons. Living in the past isn’t fair to Francie or to me for that matter.”
“Living in the past,” she repeated. “It’s so easy to do, isn’t it?”
He held his breath, hoping that she’d tell him about whatever had changed her life, but she disappeared back into her shell.
“Any coffee left?” Bart appeared in the doorway. “Sorry I deserted you, but while we were eating dinner I had an idea about how to fill a hole in my plot.”
Taylor picked up the carafe. “There’s plenty.” She poured and handed him a cup.
He looked from Taylor to Quinn. “Hope I’m not disturbing anything.”
“Dad!!”
“All right, all right.” He sipped his coffee thoughtfully. “But I wonder how many people actually find true love after getting inspired by that website.”
“Hard to say,” said Quinn, glancing over at Taylor. “But I hope their stories turned out as well as mine.”
In the flickering candlelight he caught a hint of panic in Taylor’s eyes. He wished he could cut out his tongue, but it was too late for that.
She stood up abruptly, looked at her father and then at Quinn. “I think I’ll leave you men to talk. Dad, you’ll show Quinn the guest room?”
“Yeah, sure.” He narrowed his eyes. “Are you all right?”
“Yes… fine… yes, I’m just tired.” Her smile was less than convincing. “See you both in the morning.”
Quinn watched her go then shook his head. “Damn.” He raised haunted eyes to the other man. “I shouldn’t have said that.”
“You said what you were thinking. Maybe not the best idea under these circumstances, but at least it was honest.” He paused for several heartbeats. “Taylor values honesty above all else and when she’s had time to think about it, she’ll appreciate your candor.” He shifted in his chair. “Women who look like Taylor – not that I’ve known many – have men constantly falling at their feet all their lives because of their beauty. After a while it’s hard to believe any of them.”
“But she is beautiful.” Quinn picked up his coffee cup and seemed surprised to find it empty. “I hate this current trend that says a man isn’t supposed to comment on a woman’s beauty because it’s superficial. In my mind, Taylor’s beauty is only a small part of who she is – but it’s definitely a part.” He cocked his head to one side. “What does her mother look like, or have I put my foot in it again?”
“Caroline?” Bart’s voice softened. “She’s beautiful but in a different way. Taylor inherited my height and angularity, but Caroline is responsible for the person underneath all that beauty.
“Excuse me for pointing out the obvious, but you sound like you’re still in love with your former wife.”
Bart looked up at the sky. “A lot of good that will do me. But to tell you the truth, I’ve been thinking about her a lot lately.”
“Maybe she’s sitting out on a balcony somewhere thinking of you, too. Or am I getting too romantic?”
Bart lifted his shoulders. “I’d like to think she is, but it’s unlikely. Our divorce was all my fault. I acted like an idiot; I would have left me too if I was in her position.”
“What do they say? ‘Hindsight is 20-20’?”
“Something like that.” Bart looked into the sky again. “I wonder if it’s too late?”

* * *

Quinn woke up the next morning amazed that he’d been able to sleep at all. It wouldn’t surprise him to find bruises where he’d been kicking himself for what he said to Taylor. Staring up at the slowly revolving ceiling fan he tried to sort out his feelings and came to the conclusion that he shouldn’t have expected her to feel anything for him… after all, they’d only just met. No wonder she’d run off like a frightened animal. He swung his feet out of bed and headed for the shower, thankful that he’d had the foresight to bring his toothbrush, shaving gear and a fresh shirt.
He started shaving and then stopped to study his reflection. Maybe he’d come on too strong… okay, he’d definitely come on too strong, but he was a good judge of people and he knew instinctively that there could be something between them, especially if she ever opened up about her past. He’d make one more try before he left and ask her out. 
“Morning Quinn.” Bart looked like he’d been up for a while. “I hope you slept well.”
“I did, thanks.” He eyed the coffee. “Is there something about the air out here that makes the coffee smell better?”
“I wonder that myself from time to time. Help yourself. This is my most productive time of day, so I’m off to my office. Taylor and Sammy are down by the creek.”
“Thanks, Bart.”
The other man stopped at the door to what Quinn assumed was his study. “If you leave before I’ve finished, pop in and say goodbye.”
“Will do.” Quinn took his cup out onto the back porch and listened to the sounds of the morning.
Who was he kidding? He wanted to see Taylor in the worst way, even though he dreaded the possibility of another rejection. Coffee mug in hand, he went down the back steps and headed for the path to the creek.
He didn’t see her at first; maybe she was fishing a different stretch of the creek. He was about to wander along the bank when Sammy came running up to him and bunted his head against Quinn’s free hand.
“Hello there.” Quinn squatted down and looked into the dog’s good eye. “Where is she, boy?” He switched his attention to the banks of the creek and spotted her crouched down on one knee, staring off into the distance. Fine sand spilled out from between the fingers of her free hand and when it was gone she absently gathered another handful. A slight breeze wafted the dust toward the water but she didn’t notice… she was somewhere else. Whereas last evening the sun had been behind her, this morning it was coming from the other direction and she’d found a small patch of shade. Sunlight filtered through the leaves of the cottonwood, turning her into something resembling an Impressionist painting. Watching her silently, his breath caught in his throat and he knew that if he wasn’t actually in love with her, he was headed that way.
She turned then, and spotted him. The sand spilled from her hand and she rose in one smooth, fluid motion and walked toward him, brushing her hand against her jeans. 
“Good morning, Quinn.” Her voice sounded huskier than last night.
He placed his coffee mug beside a tussock of grass and rose to meet her.
“Good morning,” he said, glad that she’d removed her sunglasses. They were hooked in the V of her denim jacket – ready in case she needed to retreat – but at the moment he was subjected to the full force of her gaze. “I wanted to let you know I’m leaving and to thank you for not kicking me off the property yesterday.”
Something shifted behind her eyes, but she remained silent.
“And I was wondering if you’d like to go out to dinner some time… or lunch, if you prefer.”
“Why?”
“Because that’s what people do. They go out and get to know each other.” He gave her what he hoped was a winning smile. “And if the first date works out, they do it again. I hear it’s quite the rage.”
A flicker of a smile touched her lips, then she turned serious. “I don’t think so Quinn, but thanks for asking.”
“I was afraid of that.” He reached down and picked up his mug.
“Aren’t you going to ask why?”
“Would it change your answer?”
A small frown appeared between her brows. “No, but… oh, what the heck.” She took another step closer, ran her fingers along his jawline and then brushed her lips against his. The touch of her lips was tentative at first, then she reached behind his head and pulled him closer, her tongue darting back and forth across the seam of his lips.
Quinn dropped his coffee mug and wrapped his arms around her, deepening the kiss with a primal growl. She smelled of herbs and tasted like toothpaste. He’d never experienced anything more erotic in his life. After several long moments, she moaned softly and pulled away.
“I’m sorry, but I needed to know what that would be like,” she said breathlessly.
Quinn was all out of clever responses. “You’re sorry?”
“Yes and no.”
Quinn wanted to tear out his hair but managed a smile. “Why am I not surprised you’d say that?”
She studied his face as though trying to memorize it. “Thank you for everything, Quinn Roberts.”
He bent down and picked up his mug. “I’d still like to take you out. If you change your mind, you know where to find me.” He held up the mug. “I’ll drop this off at the house and say goodbye to Bart.”
Was that a sheen of tears in her eyes? At this point he didn’t trust his instincts when it came to this mercurial woman.
“Goodbye Quinn.” She turned away and started walking, Sammy at her side. He watched for a moment in case she turned back, but she followed the contours of the creek and disappeared around the bend.
Quinn walked slowly back to the house, willing his heartbeat to return to normal. Was it really less than twenty four hours ago that he’d arrived here? He shook his head, entered the kitchen from the back porch and rinsed his mug in the sink.
“I’m on my way Bart,” he said from the doorway to the author’s office. “Thanks for everything.”
Bart turned around, an expectant look on his face. “How did it go?”
Quinn shrugged. “I asked her out. She said no.”
“Too bad.” Bart chewed on the temple part of his glasses. “Are you going to try again?”
“I’m not sure. Maybe in a couple of days I’ll change my mind, but at this point I’m inclined to leave the ball in her court.”
Bart glanced at his computer screen and Quinn could tell he wanted to get back to work. “Thanks for everything and good luck with the next book.”
Bart rose and shook his hand. “Good luck to you too, Quinn.” He winked. “Maybe we’ll meet again someday.”
CHAPTER SIX




Bart didn’t see Taylor until later in the day when he wandered out onto the back deck for his pre-dinner beer.
“Hi Dad. How was your day?”
“Productive. How about you?”
“Quinn left.”
“Yes, he came to say goodbye.”
A slight flush of color rose in her cheeks. “He asked me out.” She glanced over at him. “Did he tell you?”
“He said he asked and you refused.”
“Yes, and then I kissed him.”
“Whoa! He didn’t tell me that part.”
“No? That’s interesting.”
“Not all men brag about their conquests, Taylor.”
“It wasn’t exactly a conquest. I kissed him.”
Bart held up a hand. “I got that but –”
“I shouldn’t have done it. I’m sure he thinks I’m some sort of a tease. He asks me out, I say no and then I kiss him.”
“You have a point. I wouldn’t be thrilled if a woman did that to me.” He tilted his head to one side. “Why? Why did you do it?”
“I like him and I wanted to see what it would be like.”
“And?”
Her features softened. “It was wonderful, but I also discovered that I’m not ready. Not yet, anyway.”
“Do me a favor, okay?”
“Okay.”
“Don’t jerk the guy around unless you’re ready to go out with him. It doesn’t have to be dinner; you could go for lunch, or even breakfast. But don’t use him to find out if you’re ready. You’ll have to decide that on your own.”
Tears welled up in her eyes. “You’re right. I behaved badly.” She smiled at him through the tears. “Someday I’ll apologize to him.”
He reached out and patted her arm. “I know you will, Sweetheart. Now if you’d throw the salad together I’ll fire up the barbecue.”

* * *

The next morning Bart worked for a couple of hours and then found Taylor in the stable, raking out the stalls.
She spoke without looking up. “You need to ride Zeus and Jove more often.”
“I know, but not today. I have business in Helena.”
She raised an eyebrow but didn’t ask. “Will you be home for dinner?”
“I’m not sure. If I’m not back by six, eat without me, okay?”
She leaned on the rake and watched him walk away, his step jaunty. 

* * *

Bart’s heart was pounding when he pulled up in front of the gallery. The website said they were open today, but he was losing his nerve and almost wished they’d be closed.
No such luck. A discreet sign in the window closest to the door announced that they were open.
Industrial track lighting hung from the ceiling, pinpointing each piece of art. His writer’s eye took note of his surroundings; finished concrete on the floor, and walls a shade of pale grey. The effect, as intended, was that the artwork stood out.
“May I help you?” A small man glided out from behind a partition.
“I’d like to look around, if you don’t mind.”
“But of course.” He pointed to a small table that held a dispenser of ice water and glasses. “Help yourself to water, and we also have a brochure featuring our current artists.”
Bart recognized Caroline’s work from perusing the gallery’s website. Her bold strokes and vivid splashes of color were a feast for the eyes. Several of her pieces were grouped on the far wall and he walked toward them, a smile on his face.
“Hello Bart.” Her cool voice caught him by surprise. He hadn’t planned much beyond coming here to see her work.
He turned, and for the first time in his life he understood what romance authors meant when they wrote about the protagonist’s heart leaping into his mouth. He hadn’t seen her for something like four years; the encounter had been at a friend’s funeral and had been brief.
“Hello Caroline.”
The gallery owner looked from one to the other.
“It’s all right, Massimo.” And then she was beside him, facing the artwork. “What do you think?”
“These are amazing. I never should have insisted that you quit work.”
“I don’t know.” She spoke mildly. “When I started working again, I was ready to go in a different direction. I might not have found that if I’d continued to work.”
He smiled. “It’s good to see you Caroline.”
She paused for a moment. “It’s good to see you as well.”
“Do you work here or can you go out for lunch? That is if you’d like to.”
“I’d like that. I’ll just grab a jacket and my purse.”
They were soon seated at a popular bistro. Caroline recommended the French onion soup and Bart readily agreed. He would have eaten anything to please her … even turnips and he hated turnips.
“You’re smiling,” she said.
“I was thinking about turnips.”
“You hate turnips,” she said.
She remembered. His grin got even wider. “I meant what I said. Your work is amazing.” He studied her across the table. “Taylor and I were talking about you the other day.”
Caroline looked confused. “Did she suggest you come here?”
“No. As a matter of fact, she doesn’t know what I’m doing today. She told me you aren’t getting married after all.”
“No,” she said, looking up when their soup was delivered. “That didn’t work out.”
“Am I allowed to ask what went wrong?”
Holding her spoon over the soup she looked into his eyes. “He wanted to control me.” She jammed her spoon through the crusty topping. “I’ll never let that happen again.”
He nodded. “As well you shouldn’t.” He inhaled the rich aroma of the soup.
“How is Taylor?” she asked. 
“She’s talking about going back to work, but I don’t think she’s quite ready yet.”
“She’ll know when the time is right.”
“Would you like to come out for a visit? I think she’d like that.”
“Is that why you’re here?”
“Not really. I came here hoping to see you.”
She lowered her eyes. “Which book are you working on now? Number twelve?”
“You’ve kept up.”
“Of course. I’ve read them all.” She wound some stringy cheese around her spoon. “Is your main character ever going to get married again?”
He offered a wry smile. “I’m working on it. He was a jerk for such a long time…” He allowed the thought to trail off, and then raised his eyes. “I’ll let you know.”
After lunch they sauntered slowly back to the gallery and stood outside, neither wanting to break the tenuous bond they’d forged.
Bart spoke first. “Thank you for this. I enjoyed it.”
Caroline smiled. “So did I and I would like to come out to the ranch. Is next week too soon? I’m thinking Tuesday.”
Bart didn’t realize he’d been holding his breath. “Tuesday is perfect.”
She stepped forward and brushed her lips against his cheek. For some irrational reason he was delighted that she still wore the same scent. He felt as if he’d come home.
She stepped back. “I’ll bring a bottle of that wine you like. You can do the rest.”
“Okay. I’ll look forward to it.” What was the matter with him? He was a best-selling author, for crying out loud. Surely he could come up with some better dialogue than that. She gave him a small, intimate smile and went into the gallery.
It was all Bart could do not to punch the air with his fist as he walked back to his car. Maybe he’d indulge himself later… when she couldn’t see…

* * *

“Aren’t you the sly one.” Taylor looked up from her chair on the deck.
Bart was still grinning like a schoolboy. “I take it your mother called.”
“You probably hadn’t even made it back to your car yet.”
“Is that good?”
“Oh no. Don’t get me all up in your business.” She frowned. “Is that the right expression?”
“I don’t know Taylor. I’m just happy she agreed to come.”
“I am too, Dad. It will be good to see her. We talk every other day on the phone, but it’s not the same.” She shot him a curious look. “What made you decide to go up there?”
He wandered over to the side of the deck that faced the stables and braced his arms on the railing. “I think it had something to do with that visit from Quinn. It took a lot of guts for him to write that note in the first place. And then to come out here like he did… that was courageous.” He turned to her. “And then when you told me your mother wasn’t getting married, something broke loose.” He tapped himself on the chest. “Inside here. I realized that I’d come to a fork in the road and I had to decide which way to go.”
“Now you’re channeling Robert Frost.”
“Maybe so, but you asked.”
She fell silent for a moment then met his gaze, her eyes questioning. “I’m not sure if you’re talking about yourself or about me.”
He nodded slowly. “Maybe both, Taylor. Maybe both.”

* * *

Quinn threw himself into his work after returning from the ranch, reasoning that long hours at the office and at home would make him forget Taylor. But that was easier said than done. His memories were too powerful – her scent, the look of her hair glowing in the sun, her husky voice. He was relieved when the day finally arrived to pick up Francie from camp. He’d missed her and his heart expanded when she threw herself into his arms and started talking.
“Daddy, it was so cool!” She was bursting with enthusiasm. “We swam every day and I got to go out in the canoe twice with Chelsea.” She giggled. “We called her the warden, but she’s really nice. Oh, and we had a choice of crafts, so I learned to cut out a pattern and sew a garment.”
“You were busy.”
“Yes. And for sewing we had Mrs. Thompson. She knows a lot about fashion. She says my creative instincts are excellent.”
Quinn smiled. “I would agree. You always look stylish to me.”
“Oh Daddy, you’re just saying that. But I’m going to start saving for a sewing machine so I can make some of my own clothes. I think that would be exciting.”
“Maybe I can help a bit with that.”
“Would you? I was hoping you’d say that. You know, Mrs. Thompson has a friend who became a model in New York and is now one of the most famous models in the world.” She paused for a moment and chewed her bottom lip. “I’m not the right shape for a high fashion model but that’s okay because I’d rather work behind the scenes.”
He shot her a quick look. “Models wouldn’t have a job without beautiful clothes to wear.”
“Exactly!” She fell silent and looked out the window. “It’s good to be home.”
He reached over and gave her arm a light squeeze. “It’s good to have you home, Francie. I missed you.”
“I missed you, too. Did anything come back about the bottle?”
Quinn swallowed. He hadn’t yet decided how much to tell her. “Well,” he said, choosing his words carefully, “Someone found it and I got an e-mail.”
“Really?” She studied his face. “Did you answer back?”
He huffed out a breath of air. “The bottle didn’t travel very far, and they invited me to stop by their place, so I took a drive out there last week.”
“Why didn’t you tell me when we talked on the phone?”
“It got a bit complicated, so I thought it would be better to tell you about it in person.”
“Well I’m here now.”
“So you are.”
She frowned. “It must have been bad. You don’t usually prevaricate like this.”
“‘Prevaricate?’? Where do you come up with these words?”
“I try to learn at least one new word a week. It means stall.”
“I know what it means, Francie.”
“So stop prevaricating and tell me what happened.”
“I’m hungry. Let’s go to the drive-thru.”
She rolled her eyes.
Quinn pulled off the highway at a rest stop and backed into a parking space. “Mind if we eat in the car?”
Francie shrugged and picked at her fries. 
“Okay. Here’s what happened.”
Francie listened carefully, then turned thoughtful. “Why would this man Bart contact you and pretend to be his daughter?”
“That’s the complicated part.” Quinn wiped his fingers and looked in the bag. “They never give you enough napkins,” he muttered. “The way I figure it, Bart thought he was doing his daughter a favor. Something happened to her that made her hide out on his ranch and I think he hoped that if I showed up it would show her that not everyone is bad.”
“How did he know you’d be a nice person?”
“I admit, it was a gamble. Maybe he read between the lines of my message.” He gave her a sideways glance. “I told him about your mom and how I miss her. I also told him how I like the early morning hours and he does too, so he took a chance.”
“What was the bad thing that happened to her?”
“I never did find out. I was only there overnight; not long enough for her to trust me that much.”
“You stayed overnight? What was it like?”
He thought a moment. “Peaceful. I liked it.”
Francie frowned again. “I didn’t expect it would get so involved, but life is never simple, is it?”
“Says my philosopher-in-residence.” He smiled at her fondly. “But you’re right.”
Francie drank her Coke and shook the ice in the bottom of the cup. “So will you see her again?”
“Probably not.”
“That’s vague.”
“I asked her out on a date and she said no.”
“Did she give you any hints?”
“Hints?” Quinn thought of that searing kiss.
“You know, hints about when you should try again. Like you said, maybe she’s just not ready… yet.”
“Not really. But she knows where to find me.”
“Dad!”
“What? I’ve heard that nowadays women call men if they’re interested.”
“That’s true, but you’re old-fashioned.” A small giggle escaped her lips. “I can’t imagine you telling her she knows where to find you.”
“Well, I did.”
Francie held up a hand for a high five. “You rock, Dad. If she doesn’t look you up, then she wasn’t worthy.”
“You know how to make a guy feel good.” He packed up their garbage. “Run this over to the garbage bin, would you?”
“You know,” Quinn said as they got back on the highway, “we need to do more together. We should both think of things we’d like to do.”
Francie thought for a moment. “That would be fun, but let’s save it for later in the year, okay? My summer seems so busy with camp and then going down to visit Grandma.”
He gave her a sharp look. “You like visiting your Grandmother, don’t you?”
“Yes. Gran is fun, and my cousins too. I’ve been meaning to ask you, why did Aunt Stephanie move to Los Angeles?”
“Her husband Richard was offered a position at UCLA. He’s a professor with some obscure science degree. Then your grandmother moved down there when your grandfather died.”
She absorbed this information for a moment before she spoke. “I like Aunt Stephanie but she’s nothing like Mom.” She looked over at him. “Is she?”
“Not all sisters are the same but they both inherited your grandmother’s sweet nature and her love of doing craft projects.”
“That reminds me. Mrs. Thompson – the sewing lady – is teaching a short summer school course. It runs from nine in the morning until three in the afternoon. You could drop me off on the way to work and then I could come to your office and wait until you’re finished. It starts on Monday.”
“Sounds good to me. Do I need to phone her or something?”
“I’ll give you her phone number and you can confirm.” She gave him a look that was far too wise for her age. “And don’t worry. Taylor will phone.”

CHAPTER SEVEN




Caroline slowed as she drove over the cattle guard; it was the sound of coming home.
When she and Bart had first bought the place he’d talked about taking it out, his argument being that he was never going to run cattle on the property. But Caroline had lobbied to keep it. She was surprised to see that it was still there after all those years. Maybe he’d mellowed.
He came out to meet her. “I was hoping you wouldn’t change your mind,” he said. “Do you need any help?”
“You could get my suitcase from the back seat.”
His eyes lit up at the mention of the suitcase. They hadn’t talked about how long she would stay, but he seemed pleased.
“Where is Taylor?”
“Gone for a ride. I think she’s trying to play cupid and leave us alone.”
“Silly girl.”
He grinned. “Shot down right out of the gate.”
He led her up the steps and opened the door. Caroline stepped inside and paused. “I always liked this space,” she said softly, her gaze taking in the large, comfortable furniture and the floor-to-ceiling river rock fireplace. “The air conditioning is a nice touch.” She stopped and zeroed in on a piece of art on the wall opposite the fireplace. “That’s new. It’s that famous Edward Hopper painting, isn’t it?”
Bart moved to stand beside her. “It’s called Nighthawks. Not an original, unfortunately.”
“Doesn’t matter,” she said, leaning forward to study a detail. “What is it about this one that you like?”
“Everything, I suppose. I like all of his work, but every time I look at this one I come up with another story for why those particular people are in that diner late at night.”
She turned and studied him for a moment. “I understand. You’ve always done that.”
“I suppose I have.”
Caroline continued through to the kitchen and placed the promised bottle of wine on the counter. “I brought your favorite red, in anticipation of one of your steaks.” She looked out the window. “I’d like to sit out on the deck for a while if you don’t mind. Please don’t adjust your writing schedule just because I’m here.”
“I’m at a good place to stop right now.” He opened the refrigerator. “Would you like a bottle of water?”
“Yes.” She accepted the bottle and their fingers brushed.
“Thank you for coming, Caroline.” Bart’s voice was husky.
“Thank you for inviting me.” She gave a nervous little laugh. “We sound like a couple of strangers.” She preceded him out onto the deck and they chatted easily, the tension broken.
“So how is our daughter doing… really?”
Bart had known the question would arise. He would prefer that Taylor spoke to her mother directly, but didn’t want to sound as though he was holding back.
“I don’t pretend to be able to see inside her head, but I think she’s doing better.” He took a deep breath and told her about Quinn’s visit.
“Bart! That’s pure manipulation. I can’t believe you did such a thing,” she said, her eyes flashing. “I thought maybe you’d changed, but that was merely wishful thinking. You’re still trying to control everyone around you.”
Bart dropped his head and stared at his hands. “I hope you’ll believe me when I say that wasn’t my intention, Caroline.”
She fumed silently for a few moments. “How did she handle it?”
“Okay, I think but you should ask her.”
“I’m asking you, Bart.”
He looked past her. “Maybe later. She’s headed this way.”
“Hi Mom.” Taylor dropped a kiss on her mother’s cheek. “Good to see you. You look great.”
“Thank you.” She shot a quick look at Bart. “Your dad and I were just catching up.”
“You mean you were talking about me.” She flopped down into the empty chair. “It’s okay. I suppose he told you about Quinn.”
“The fellow with the message in the bottle? Yes.”
“Good. Then we don’t have to talk about it.”
“Okay.” Caroline forced herself to relax. “I’m content just to sit here and enjoy the sunset. I think your father is going to barbecue steaks – at least I hope so.”
“I guess that’s my clue to disappear for a while.” Bart checked his watch. “I’ll come back out and start the barbecue in about half an hour. How does that sound?”
“Perfect, Dad.” She watched him walk into the house. “What did you say to him? He’s been so happy about your visit, but now he looks deflated - like you stuck pins in him or something.”
“Something came up that reminded me of when we were together. I might have been a bit hard on him.”
“I get it – it’s personal. But for the record, he’s been great to me since I landed on his doorstep. He’s letting me work things out for myself.”
“Even with that Quinn fellow?”
Taylor lifted her shoulders. “That didn’t work out so badly.”
“What was he like?”
For a while Caroline thought she wasn’t going to answer.
“He was probably one of the nicest men I’ve ever met. He’s a widower with an eleven year old daughter.” She turned to her mom. “I even told him about my place in Australia and I hardly ever tell anyone about that.”
“Will you see him again?”
“I think so.” Taylor’s smile was soft and intimate. “One of these days.”

* * *

Taylor tried to keep the conversation going over dinner but it wasn’t easy with Bart and Caroline virtually ignoring each other. Seeing them like this made her realize how much she’d hoped for a reconciliation – or if not that, a cessation of hostilities. Even though she knew she wasn’t responsible she felt guilty. She pressed her fingertips into her temple, attempting to avert a full-fledged headache. Her mother spoke in clipped, impersonal words and Taylor was reminded of the time before they split up, when she’d overheard far too many conversations that sounded just like this. Not the words perhaps, but the hostility had been the same and it was all she could do to finish her meal.
“Great steaks Dad. If this writing thing doesn’t work out for you, you could always open a steak house.”
Her attempt at levity fell flat and she pushed away from the table. “Excuse me, but I have some work to do in the stable.” She picked up her plate, took it into the kitchen and rinsed it before putting it in the dishwasher. Then she took a deep breath and went back out onto the deck. “You two are acting like idiots.”
She waited for their denial, but it didn’t come. They each gave her a startled look and for the first time since they’d sat down at the table they seemed to acknowledge their behavior.
“Mom, I put fresh sheets on the bed in your room.”
“But –” The look of panic on Caroline’s face was almost funny.
Taylor held up a hand. “It’s okay, Mom. Dad sleeps downstairs now.” She looked from her mother to her father. “I’ll see you both in the morning. Come on, Sammy.”
Bart waited several beats for Caroline to say something, but she seemed to be lost in thought. She didn’t acknowledge his presence when he cleared the table and went into the kitchen. He wiped down counters that were already spotless and performed a few other time-wasting chores, but she didn’t come inside. When he finally looked out, she was gone. With a sigh of frustration, he went into his office. He might not be able to write tonight, but he’d been meaning to go back and read what he’d written the past couple of days. He settled in and was soon lost in the story. An hour later Caroline came back but he didn’t hear her pause in the doorway for a few moments before going up the stairs to the master bedroom.

* * *

Bart couldn’t sleep. He’d been lying on his back staring at the ceiling for what seemed like hours. He pulled on a light fleece jogging suit, tied the waist of the pants and slapped his six-pack. At least he hadn’t gone to flab… a small mercy on a night when he felt like a failure. Snagging a bottle of water from the fridge he went out onto the deck and his favorite Adirondack chair.
The stars were especially bright tonight but distracted by his thoughts he scarcely saw them. Maybe he’d been overreaching to think that he and Caroline could reconcile after just one lunch, but he he’d been completely caught off guard by her outburst over his part in Quinn’s visit. They may be divorced but she should still know him well enough to know that he only wanted happiness for their daughter. Her harsh words had knocked him for a loop and despite his belief to the contrary, he kept turning them over in his mind, asking himself if they were true. Had his invitation to Quinn been extended because he wanted to control Taylor’s life? He took a mental step back and tried to see the situation from Caroline’s point of view, but her anger still didn’t make sense.
He sighed. What man understood women anyway? Any man who thought he did was kidding himself, and he was no exception.
“That was a big sigh.” 
He looked over his shoulder. “Caroline.”
She came forward tentatively. “I couldn’t sleep either.” She sat on the broad arm of his chair. “I’m sorry for what I said, Bart.”
He nodded, not trusting himself to speak. 
“I’ve been thinking,” she continued. “And I’ve come to the conclusion that I was jealous.”
That got through to him. “Jealous?”
“Yes. It took me a while to figure it out, but when Taylor came out here to stay with you I was jealous. I wanted to be the one to comfort her.”
He looked up at her. “She relied on you more than you know. Every time she called you, she seemed a bit better. I just provided a quiet place for her to heal.”
She ran her fingers down the back of his neck. “I always knew that this was where she needed to be. I also know that we both wanted what’s best for her.”
Bart closed his eyes while she lightly massaged his scalp. “I’d forgotten how good that feels.” His voice was thick with desire. When he looked up again her eyes reflected his need.
“Come here,” he growled, pulling her into his lap.
She came willingly and raised her lips for a kiss.
Their former passion re-ignited with a force that left them both wanting more. He pulled back and searched her face. “I’ve missed you, Caroline.”
“Same here.” She traced the line of his jaw with her fingers and dropped a kiss on his lips. “I never stopped loving you Bart. I know that now.”
He turned serious. “If we do this Caroline, it’s not just a one-night-stand sort of thing.” Her eyes glittered in the starlight and he thought he spotted a film of tears. “I want to make love to you, but if you agree, it’s for keeps.” He grinned. “You’ll have to marry me.”
“With pleasure, Mr. Lockwood.”
“I’ll make sure there’s lots of pleasure to go around, Mrs. Lockwood.”
He lifted her in his arms and carried her into the house.

* * *

Taylor came downstairs the next morning to find her mother and father making breakfast together.
“Morning, Taylor.”
“Good morning.” She poured a cup of coffee and went outside.
Bart stole a quick kiss. “Do you think she noticed anything?”
Caroline frowned. “I’m not sure.”
“We’ll tell her later.”
Taylor shook her head and went down the back steps toward the stable. “Parents,” she muttered, but she was smiling broadly.

CHAPTER EIGHT




“This is fun,” said Francie, tightening her seat belt. “Driving in to work with you. I can pretend I’m going to work as well.”
Quinn smiled indulgently. “For most people going to work is like growing up.”
Francie frowned. “In what way?”
“Everybody is eager to get there, but when they do, they discover it’s not what they expected.”
She gave him a curious look. “Are you unhappy in your job?”
“My job? No. But when I went out to that ranch and met Bart and Taylor, I realized that my life recently has been little more than work. It’s like you and I talked about the other day – I need to develop some more interests… go places… do things.”
“Would this be your mid-life crisis?”
Quinn threw back his head and laughed. “Maybe so, Francie. Maybe so.”
“Do you want me to cancel my trip to Los Angeles? I could stay here with you.”
“Thanks for the offer, but no.” He reached over and gave her hand a squeeze. “That’s the sort of thing your mother would have done… offering to cancel your trip. She’d be proud of the way you’ve grown up.”
Francie blushed at the praise. “I hope so. Oh, you can pull in right here. The class is in the church basement. When it’s finished, I’ll walk to your office and wait.” She waved her iPad. “I’m going to see what’s new in Los Angeles while I wait.”
“Okay Sweetie. See you later.” He watched her shift her backpack and walk down the path at the side of the church, then he pulled away, already focused on the day ahead.

* * *

Quinn had started out practicing general law, but as the firm’s clientele grew and the partners gravitated toward their preferred area of expertise, he became the go-to guy for Family Law. He’d never expected the glamour or excitement lawyers found on television programs which was just as well, because it rarely existed. Most of his cases were settled out of court, but today he’d set aside the entire morning to study every aspect of his client’s case in preparation for a court appearance tomorrow. Anne Evans and her husband David had recently divorced and Anne had been granted custody of their two children. However now David had changed his mind and was contesting the custody order. The man had hired a lawyer who was known locally as ‘the barracuda’ – although not to his face, and Quinn was determined to represent Anne to the best of his ability.
His secretary’s voice came through the speaker phone. “Mr. Roberts, there’s someone here to see you.”
Quinn frowned and glanced at his computer schedule. “I don’t see anything on my schedule. Can you ask them to come back another time?”
He heard a murmur of voices before the receptionist cut off the speaker phone. He didn’t like to turn clients away, but this case was too important.
His speaker phone clicked. “She said she was trying to surprise you.”
“Did she make an appointment?”
“No, but I asked her for her name.”
“And?”
“Taylor Lockwood.”
“Taylor?” Quinn got up so quickly his chair rolled back and banged into the wall behind his desk. He ran out to the reception area and past a gap-mouthed receptionist. The elevator doors were closing and he managed to get a hand in the opening, preventing the car from moving.
“Taylor,” he gasped. “I didn’t know it was you.” He stepped inside the elevator and it started to move.
“Don’t leave,” he said as the elevator came to a stop in the lobby and the doors opened. He checked his watch. “It’s almost noon. Would you like to grab a bite with me?” If he sounded eager, so be it – he wasn’t about to let her get away.
“That would be nice,” she said softly. She touched her watch and he noticed she wore pale pink nail polish. Come to think of it, everything about her was different. She wore a fitted jacket in a deep burgundy fabric that appeared to be linen, and long, blousy white slacks that emphasized her long legs. Gold hoop earrings adorned her ear lobes and his breath caught in his throat as he saw the care she’d taken with her makeup and hair. This wasn’t the Taylor he knew from the ranch; this was an entirely new species.
“I don’t care if it’s not politically correct, but you look beautiful.”
She frowned. “Whatever are you talking about?”
“Sorry,” he said, flustered. “Bart and I were talking about how it’s not PC to comment on a woman’s beauty. My position was that beauty is only one part of who a woman is.” He rolled his eyes. “And right now, I’m sounding like a complete idiot.”
“If you say so.” She smiled. “But I rather like it. Now what about lunch?”
He jumped as though someone had poked him with a cattle prod. “Lunch… right. I’ll just run back upstairs and tell Beth where I’ll be. Do you mind waiting here?”
“Go,” she laughed. “I’ll be here when you come back down.”

* * *

“You’re sure it’s okay to take some time away from work?” she asked when they were seated at the restaurant. “You sounded busy.”
“I am,” he said, “but a guy’s gotta eat.”
“I suppose so.” She glanced at the menu. “What’s good here?”
“They do a nice sole, and their Caesars are good.”
“Why do I think that’s not what you usually order?”
“Busted. I usually have a hamburger and a side of coleslaw.”
They ordered hamburgers and coffee. Quinn toyed with his cup, trying to appear calm. “I’m glad to see you,” he said finally. “By the way, this is a social visit, isn’t it? You didn’t stop by as a client, I hope.”
“It’s social.” She lifted her coffee cup then lowered it without drinking. “I’m sorry about the way I acted when you were at the ranch.”
He gave her a blank look.
She lowered her voice. “I shouldn’t have kissed you and then walked off.”
A slow grin lifted the corners of his mouth. “I could do without the part where you walked off, but the kiss was… how can I put this… memorable.”
She lowered her gaze and a blush crept into her cheeks. “For me, too.”
“Of course, just to be sure we should try it again… sometime.”
She nodded. “Sometime.”
That was good enough for Quinn. “So how’s Bart?”
“He’s in love.”
Quinn gave his head a quick shake. “You lost me.”
“He went to visit Mom the day after you left and she came out to the ranch a few days later.” She took a small sip of coffee. “She’s still there.”
“Aha.”
“‘Aha’ is right. They’re planning to get married again.”
“I’m happy for him – for both of them, actually.” He looked into his coffee. “My practice is Family Law and I can’t remember the last time I had a case that didn’t involve conflict. So hearing about Bart and Caroline renews my faith in love.”
“You remembered her name.”
He acknowledged with a quick nod of his head. “Bart mentioned her name a few times.” He lifted his cup. “Here’s to them.”
“I’ll drink to that.” She watched him over the rim of her cup. “So what are you working on now? That is if you can tell me without betraying a confidence.”
He gave her a quick rundown of the child custody case. “I’m preparing extra diligently, because the opposing lawyer is known for being ruthless, and because I’ve met the husband and… well… I shouldn’t say this, I don’t like him.” He thought for a moment. “He has a lot of pent-up anger. I don’t understand why he’s fighting her for custody. Actually that’s not true; I’m fairly sure he’s doing it to hurt her.”
For a brief moment she went somewhere else, then came back to him with a forced smile. “Men can be cruel. I hope it works out in favor of the woman.”
“So do I.”
“I suspect that you get a lot of satisfaction out of helping your clients.” She frowned. “I’m assuming they’re mostly women.”
“Mostly, but I do get some men from time to time.” He lined up the silverware on the table. “Those can be satisfying as well, because when it’s a custody case, the man is invariably trying to protect the children from an unfit mother. I’m all for that.”
“Is there a downside to what you do?”
He thought for a moment. “Probably the disintegration of the family. And too often the woman ends up with no one to stand up for her. You’d be surprised how many women come to court and there’s nobody supporting them. That bothers me.”
“Would you rather practice a different type of law?”
“Not really. I like this, and I’m good at it.”
She smiled. “I can believe that.”
Their burgers came and they ate in companionable silence.
“So how did Francie enjoy camp?”
“She loved everything about it.” He glanced at his watch. “Right now she’s taking sewing lessons. Something about cutting out with a pattern. I don’t understand a lot of what she’s talking about but she’s enthusiastic, so that’s what counts.”
“Good for her. A basic knowledge of clothes is always handy.” She smiled up at their server and accepted a coffee refill. “I’d like to meet her.”
“Really? I’m fairly sure she’d like to meet you too.” He paused for several beats. “I told her about you.”
Taylor raised an eyebrow. “Everything?”
His gaze lingered on her lips. “Not everything, no.”
“Just as well.”
“Hmmm. Are you going back to the ranch tonight?”
“I hadn’t decided. Why?”
“Well… Francie’s lessons end around three and she’s going to wait at my office. I need to put in a full day but I was wondering if the three of us could have dinner together.”
Taylor didn’t have to think too long. “Sounds like a good idea. What about the Ale Works?”
“Funny you should suggest that. Francie and I went last year and she’s wanted to go back ever since.”
“Tell me when you’ll be there. I’m going to check out a gallery a few blocks away.”
“How about five thirty?”
“Perfect.”

* * *

Quinn was surprised that he was able to concentrate, but by the end of the day he was as prepared as he could be for court the next day. As promised, Francie was waiting patiently for him when he finally came out of his office.
“Hi Daddy. How was your day?”
“Busy. How was the sewing?”
“It was amazing, but I think tomorrow I should take more food. I’m starving.” She looked at him expectantly.
“Then you’ll be glad to hear that we’re going for dinner at the Ale Works.”
“Really?” She cocked her head to one side. “What made you decide to go there tonight?”
“Taylor is joining us. It was her idea.”
“Taylor from the ranch?”
“That’s right. She said she’d like to meet you and it seemed serendipitous.”
“Excellent word.” She grinned “I told you she’d call.”
“Yes, I know you did but let’s not get all carried away, okay? Taylor’s a bit skittish about revealing personal information.”
“You like her, don’t you?”
“I don’t really know her, but I’d like to. Let’s just see how it goes.”
“I can understand that.” When had his daughter become so mature? She picked up her iPad. “I guess we should get going then. This should be fun.”

* * *

Taylor was just pulling into the parking lot when Quinn and Francie drove up.
“Perfect timing,” she said, coming toward them with that sensuous walk that haunted Quinn in his dreams. “This must be Francie.” She stuck out her hand. “Delighted to meet you.”
A fleeting frown marred Francie’s brow, then disappeared. “Hello Taylor.” She leaned a bit closer. “Thanks for suggesting this restaurant. It’s my fave.”
“Mine too,” she said. “Shall we go in?” She turned to Quinn. “I hope you don’t mind, but I called and got a reservation in the Rail Car. The booths are so comfy.”
“Thanks for thinking of it.”
They were soon settled, Quinn on one side with Taylor and Francie seated across from him.
Francie made a face. “This is the hard part. Everything looks so good.” She and Taylor studied the menus as though they’d have to take a test later.
Taylor rolled her eyes. “I’ve had the meatloaf and the short ribs recently. Both were good.”
“I had the pork schnitzel last time, so I should have something different. What about you, Daddy?”
“I’m easy. Steak all the way for me.” He smiled at the scene across from him; Taylor and Francie with their heads together, agreeing that they’d taste the other’s meal.
Their server brought their drinks and took their order. Taylor took a sip of her Perrier and smiled across at Quinn. “Are you all ready for tomorrow?”
“As ready as I can be. It looks good.”
Taylor turned to Francie. “And what about you? How was the sewing class?”
“It’s quite advanced, but I’m enjoying it anyway. I’m not shy about asking questions.”
“Good for you.” Taylor turned slightly sideways so she could see Francie. “Is it all theory or are you actually working on something?”
“A bit of both. We’re learning how to lay out a pattern. We’re all making the same thing – a wrap-around skirt, and I learned about cutting on the bias.”
“Definitely makes it flow better when you move. Are you going to line it?”
“Yes. I chose a contrasting color. What do you think?”
“I think it’s your skirt. You should do what feels right to you.”
Francie beamed. “Thank you.”
Taylor glanced quickly at Quinn. “I’ll hope to see you wearing it when it’s finished.” She nudged Francie. “Maybe we shouldn’t talk about girly stuff. Your dad must be bored.”
Francie giggled. “If so, it’s his fault. He’s the one who wrote the letter.”
“But you encouraged him, right?”
“How did you know?”
“I think the letter said something like his eleven year old daughter would beat him up if he didn’t go through with it.”
“Did he?” Francie saw the sparkle in Taylor’s eyes. “No he didn’t.”
“You’re right, but he did say it was your idea.”
Francie sighed. “It seemed like such a romantic idea. You found the bottle, didn’t you?”
Taylor thought back to that day. “Yes, I did. You probably know I wasn’t the one who wrote back, but it did get me thinking.” Her gaze rested momentarily on Quinn. “And that’s always a good thing.”
“I think so too. In my experience, adults think they have to act a certain way.”
Taylor raised an eyebrow. “‘In your experience,’ what does that look like?”
Francie pondered the question for a moment. “There’s a reason the expression ‘outside the box’ has become so popular in recent years. People who manage to think outside the box are tired of doing what’s expected of them – I mean as adults. I find the whole idea quite refreshing.”
Taylor nodded. “I suppose I do as well, to an extent. On the other hand, I don’t think we can throw all of society’s norms out the window.” She took another sip of Perrier and narrowed her eyes at the youngster. “Are you sure you’re only eleven?”
“According to my birth certificate.” She looked at the older woman. “I know I get carried away with my opinions sometimes, but thanks for not treating me like a child. In the meantime, here’s our food.”
Quinn had watched the exchange with interest. He liked the way Taylor had listened to Francie’s ideas, even if they were a bit vague.
Taylor gave Francie one of her fish tacos and Francie shared her meat loaf.
“How’s the steak?” asked Taylor.
Quinn moaned with pleasure. “To use one of Francie’s favorite words, it’s excellent.”
“Dad loves steaks and now that Mom is back at the ranch he’s been showing off his culinary skills.”
Quinn grinned. “Are his steaks are as good as his spaghetti?”
“Why don’t you come out and decide for yourself? What about you, Francie? Would you like to visit the ranch? I can introduce you to my horse, and of course Sammy.”
“Who’s Sammy?”
“My dog. He’s special.”
“Dad? Can we go? Please?”
“Don’t forget you’re going to Los Angeles on Monday.”
“Wow,” said Taylor. “Los Angeles.”
“I’m going to stay with my grandmother. I’m also going to see my cousins, but I hardly remember them.” She looked across at her father. “We could go to the ranch on Saturday if it’s okay with Taylor.”
“What do you think, Quinn? Saturday?”
“How can I resist the two most beautiful women in Bozeman? Yes, of course we’ll come.”
Taylor took a bite of Francie’s cheesecake while Quinn drank his coffee and tried not to stare. For the past couple of weeks he’d been trying to forget her, trying to forget how those lips had felt against his. And now here she was, back in his life and he was even more attracted to her if that was possible.
“Daddy? Taylor asked you a question.”
He dragged himself back to the present. “Sorry. I was somewhere else.”
“I was asking if you’d call me after court tomorrow. I’d like to hear how it goes.”
“Sure.” He passed his cell phone to her. “Give me your number and I’ll report.”

CHAPTER NINE




It was dark by the time they finished dinner and went out to the parking lot.
Francie bounced along beside Taylor. “See you on Saturday,” she said, then headed toward Quinn’s car. He opened it with the remote and walked Taylor to her car. “I’m glad you suggested this. I enjoyed it.”
She opened her car and stood for a moment, one hand on the door handle. Her eyes glittered in the dim light. “Thanks for introducing me to Francie. You’ve done a great job raising her.”
Quinn smiled. “She’s a handful, but thanks.”
“Talk to you tomorrow?”
“I’ll call you.”
She brushed her lips against his cheek and then pulled back, looking into his eyes. “Good night, Quinn.”
He swallowed and nodded. “Good night Taylor.”

* * *

Quinn stuck his key in the ignition and turned to look at Francie. “What did you think?”
“I liked her.” She gave him a knowing look. “You didn’t say much.”
“I was enjoying watching you and Taylor together.” He started the car and backed out of the spot. “There’s no denying that she knows more about fashion than I do.”
“Of course she does. She –” Her mouth fell open as realization struck. “Wait a minute. You don’t know who she is, do you?”
Prickles of apprehension crept down the back of Quinn’s neck. “What do you mean?”
“Daddy! Taylor is Valentina.” She put air quotes around Valentina.
He braked. “What are you talking about?”
“I’m talking about the fact that Taylor is one of the most famous models in the world. Up until tonight, it never occurred to me that Valentina wasn’t her real name.” Her tone was almost angry.
“Taylor is a model?” Even as he spoke the words, he visualized her erect posture and fluid walk. “How do you know this?”
Francie rolled her eyes. “Everybody knows who she is, Daddy. All you have to do is pick up a magazine.” Her brow furrowed. “That is, she was in them all up until a few months ago. You must have seen her.”
“I’m not into fashion.”
Francie snorted. “I thought all men look at lingerie ads. Isn’t that part of your DNA?”
“Now you’re being sexist.” He searched his memory for the last time he’d read for pleasure. “I haven’t looked at a magazine for years.”
“I guess it’s possible,” she said reluctantly.
He took his foot off the brake and drove out of the parking lot. “What did you mean when you said ‘up until a few months ago’?”
“Just that. Why… does it mean something?”
“I don’t know, but she’s been living out on the ranch with her father for about that long.”
Francie nodded slowly. “And you said she’s a bit shy about revealing personal information.”
Quinn drove silently. When he pulled into their driveway a few minutes later he turned to Francie. “I have a feeling this is about to get complicated.”

* * *

It took him no time at all to search her name on the Internet. There were so many references he didn’t know which to look at, so he tried to choose the most reputable sites. As he read, his emotions ranged from disbelief to anger, but when the horror of what had happened to Taylor subsided, all he wanted was to gather her in his arms and comfort her. No wonder she’d challenged him on that first day by the river… asking him if he was a reporter. At least the photographs had been removed, although he supposed that if he persevered, he could find them. The idea was completely distasteful and he wandered down the hall to Francie’s room, where she was engrossed in one of the stories he’d just read.
“This isn’t fair,” she said without looking up. “That ex-boyfriend is a scumbag.”
He sat down on her bed. “I agree.”
Francie turned to him. “Has she said anything about going back to work?”
“Nothing definite, but I have a feeling she’s thinking about it.”
“It’s just not fair,” Francie repeated, and turned back to her computer.
Quinn couldn’t have agreed more.

* * *

“I can’t thank you enough.” Anne Evans shook Quinn’s hand and then pulled him into a heartfelt hug. Her former husband had stormed out of the courtroom a few moments earlier.
Quinn placed his paperwork in his briefcase. “Your ex wasn’t at all pleased about the supervised visits.”
“David’s a bully,” she said vehemently. “He hates not getting his own way.” A woman approached them and reached for Anne’s hand. “You did it,” she said. “I’m so proud of you… and your lawyer.”
“Quinn, this is my sister Julia.”
He’d noticed the woman earlier. She’d been seated a couple of rows back and he’d wondered if she was here to support his client. It made him feel better to know that Anne had at least one person on her side.
“Julia lives in Casper. She drove in yesterday to surprise me.”
Quinn took the woman’s proffered hand. “That’s quite a drive.”
Julia looked affectionately at Anne. “We don’t see each other nearly enough, but she’s my baby sister and I love her. I had to be here.” She turned her attention back to Quinn. “Do you think David will try anything else? As Anne said, he hates it when anyone gets the better of him.”
“If I had to guess, I’d say he’ll fume for a couple of weeks but won’t take any more legal action.” He didn’t want to alarm his client, but the anger displayed by the former husband was chilling. “And Anne has the added security of supervised visits, so she should be fine.” He picked up his briefcase and handed her a card. “Good luck to you, Anne, and call me if you need anything – even if it’s just to talk.”
“Thank you, Quinn.” She turned to her sister. “See, I told you he was amazing. Let’s go to lunch and celebrate.”
Quinn smiled and left the courthouse.
His office was within walking distance of the courthouse. He was grateful for the chance to stretch his legs and think about Taylor. She hadn’t been far from his thoughts since he discovered the stories online last night. His phone vibrated in his pocket – a message from Francie reminding him to call Taylor – as if he needed a reminder. He called his daughter, hoping he’d catch her having lunch.
“Hi Dad. What’s up?”
“I hope I’m not interrupting anything.”
“No, we’re taking a few minutes out for lunch.” She waited expectantly.
“I got your message,” he said finally.
“Dad, you’re prevaricating again. What aren’t you saying?”
“I don’t know what to tell Taylor.”
“You mean should you tell her we know what happened?”
“Yes… that.”
“You’re worried it might change your relationship.”
“Yeah.”
“I’ve been wondering about that too.” The voices in the background faded.
“Where are you?”
“I just went outside to the church yard. It’s peaceful… easier to think. By the way, how did it go in court?”
“We got what we wanted.” He raked his fingers through his hair. “I can stand up in a courtroom and present my case but I’ll be damned if I know what to do when it comes to Taylor.”
“It’s a tough one, Dad. Especially since we’re Libras and see both sides of the situation. I tried to put myself in her position to see what I’d want, but that didn’t work. It must be hard for her to even think about what happened, let alone tell someone about it. Seems to me it’ll be easier for her if you wait until she’s ready to tell you.”
“You’re a wise young woman, Francie Roberts.”
“I don’t know about that.” He could almost see her shrug. “I just know that’s how I’d feel. Don’t forget to call her, okay?”
“Will do. See you later.”

* * *

Quinn waited until he was back in his office before placing the call.
“Hi Quinn.” His heart raced at the sound of her voice. “Thanks for calling. How did it go?”
“We got what we asked for.”
“I was wondering if you’d say ‘we won’.”
He knew exactly what she meant. “I hear you. Unfortunately, in these cases, nobody ever truly wins. I hate to see families torn apart.”
“Except when they never should have been together in the first place.”
He hesitated. “There is that. How is your day going?”
“Quiet, but I like it this way. Dad and Mom have gone to Helena to the gallery.”
“Where are you now?”
“Sammy and Jasmine and I are down by the river.” She sighed. “I’ll miss this place when I finally move.”
“You’re moving?”
She laughed easily. “Mom and Dad are like newlyweds. They need the place to themselves.”
“I suppose so. Who’s Jasmine?”
“My horse. That’s right, you haven’t met Jasmine. I told her you were coming.”
Quinn laughed. “What did she say?”
“She said I must like you if I’m inviting you back.”
“I hope she’s right.” He waited a few beats. “Is she?”
“Jasmine is a very wise horse.”
“I like her already.”
“See you in a couple of days.”
“I look forward to it. ’Bye, Taylor.”
“’Bye Quinn.”

* * *

Francie chatted excitedly on the way to the ranch. Quinn couldn’t tell if she was more excited about going to Los Angeles or to the ranch. Both prospects seemed to delight her. They arrived shortly after lunch and received an enthusiastic welcome from the entire household. Sammy accepted a pat from Quinn, then checked out Francie, welcoming her with a soft bark. One look at Caroline and Quinn could see why Bart was back with his wife. She was soft spoken, charming and almost as beautiful as Taylor.
Francie gravitated toward Taylor, sharing the news that when her grandmother learned of her interest in sewing she’d offered to take her to some of the costume and fashion museums in Los Angeles. They were soon hunched over Taylor’s iPad, immersed in a discussion about which museum best represented Francie’s interests.
Quinn handed Bart a bottle of Medoc. “I’ve heard this one’s good,” he said and was delighted when Bart’s eyes lit up.
“See?” the author said, turning to Caroline. “I told you the man has good taste.”
Caroline glanced over at her daughter. “That’s obvious,” she said. 
Quinn was relieved when Taylor and Francie rescued him. “Come on, Daddy. We’re going to the paddock to visit the horses. Taylor’s horse is named Jasmine. Isn’t that cool?”
Quinn looked over to see Taylor watching him intently. She seemed relaxed and wary at the same time, and he walked alongside her as Francie ran ahead. Their hands brushed accidentally and he wondered if she felt the same jolt of attraction. If so, she didn’t say anything, but he heard her sharp intake of breath.
“Your mother is lovely,” he said. “I can see why your father has fallen in love with her all over again.”
She glanced at him sideways. “You’re partly to blame for that, although blame probably isn’t the right word. Maybe I should say that you started the fire that brought them together.” She laughed self-consciously. “I could tell Dad had been thinking about her, because he asked me a few questions, but it was after talking to you that he finally did something about it.” She nudged him with her shoulder. “So you see, you played the part of cupid and now they’re getting married again.”
Quinn smiled, partly to himself. “It’s about second chances, isn’t it?” He turned to her. “We all deserve them.”
“Do we?” She reached for his hand. “I hope so.” She looked like she was about to say more, but Francie came running back to them. “I can hear the horses. What are they saying?”
Taylor released his hand and gave Francie her attention. “Horses are social animals, and as such they communicate. Around here, what you’ll hear mostly is whinnies and nickers. That sound you just heard is Jasmine’s whinny. She knows we’re coming to visit and it’s a greeting.
“How does she know?”
“She hears our voices.” Taylor warmed to her subject. “When I had Jasmine brought out in the trailer a few months ago, she recognized where she was when they turned in the driveway you should have heard the back and forth whinnies between her and Dad’s horses! It was actually quite moving.”
“That’s so cool.” She ran ahead and when they caught up with her she was standing at the rail, watching the horses.
“Which one is yours?”
“The one with the white socks on her hind legs and the white blaze on her forehead.” The animal nickered a greeting and came to the rail. “Hello, girl,” said Taylor, stroking the horse on her head. “I’d like you to meet Francie and Quinn.”
“She’s beautiful.” Francie looked at her Dad. “Do you know how to ride?”
He shook his head. “Afraid not.”
“But you’d like to learn… right?”
“Maybe someday, Sweetie. But not today.”
Taylor laughed easily. “Don’t worry, Quinn. Most young girls fall in love with a horse at some point in their lives.” She turned to Francie. “But horses are a lot of work, and you need space to keep them.”
Francie studied the animal. “She’s awfully big. I think I should wait a few years.”
Taylor nodded soberly. “Very wise.”
Sammy bunted his head up under Francie’s hand and she dropped down to her knees. “How did he lose his eye?” she asked, not looking up.
“Sammy’s a rescue dog. All I know is that his former owners didn’t want him when he lost his eye.”
“Well shame on them.” Francie took the dog’s head in both of her hands. “You see more out of one eye than other dogs see out of two, don’t you.” Sammy edged closer to her and she wrapped her arms around his neck. “Perfection is overrated,” she murmured. “I love you just the way you are.”
Quinn glanced over as Taylor turned away, but not before he saw the tears in her eyes.
Bart’s cheery voice broke the tension. “I came to see if anyone’s interested in a game of checkers on the deck.” He was looking at Francie, who responded eagerly.
“Better look out.” Quinn winked at Bart. “Francie plays to win.”
“Is that so?” Bart narrowed his eyes and tried to look threatening, but only managed to look constipated. “I’m a take-no-prisoners kind of player myself. Get up there on the deck and we’ll play under the tree.”
“You’re on.” Francie looked at Quinn and Taylor. “You guys coming?”
They looked at each other. “I think we’ll take a walk down to the creek,” said Taylor before Quinn could speak. She grinned at her father. “We don’t want to see a grown man cry.”

CHAPTER TEN




Taylor and Quinn started walking in the direction of the creek; Sammy ran on ahead.
“Dad won’t just let her win, you know.”
Quinn raised an eyebrow. “Then it should be an even match.”
They fell into an easy silence as they walked single file down the narrow path.
“Let’s sit over there in the shade of that cottonwood.”
They settled on a log and Taylor scanned the length of the creek.
Quinn pointed to a spot where the creek widened. “You were standing right there the first time I saw you,” he said.
“I remember that.” She turned to him. “It was one of those evenings when the sun turns everything to gold… even the droplets of water from the line.” She reached down and picked up a handful of sand. “Before I came back to stay with Dad I’d forgotten how much I like the peace and quiet up here.” She sighed. “There’s something special about the light here in Montana. I know the Italians like to say the light in Tuscany is special and I suppose it is, but on those evenings when the setting sun lights up the clouds on the horizon it’s so beautiful I could weep.”
“You looked like something out of a… I don’t know… one of those coffee table books with outdoor photography. You seemed to blend with the scenery, like you belonged here.”
She opened her hand and watched the sand spill onto the ground. “I remember what you looked like, too.” Her mouth twitched with the beginning of a smile. “You looked out of place and I wondered what a good looking man was doing out here.” She glanced at his feet. “You were wearing some ridiculous running shoes. What happened to them?”
“Wow, talk about whiplash.”
She frowned.
“I mean you call me a good looking man, and then in the next breath you knock my taste in footwear.”
She rolled her eyes. “They were ugly.”
Quinn chuckled. “That’s what Francie said when she came home from camp. I threw them out that same day.”
“Glad to hear it.” She picked up another handful of sand. “But you’re still good looking.”
“Thanks, I guess.”
Sammy appeared out of nowhere and lay down on the sand between their feet.
Quinn gave him the expected pat. “Do you mind if I ask you something?”
She tensed slightly, then nodded. “Okay. I’ll answer if I can.”
“Back there at the house, when Francie was talking to Sammy, I saw tears in your eyes. What was that about?”
Her shoulders relaxed. “I was thinking what a compassionate child she is.” She searched his face for several long moments. “You’ve done an amazing job raising her.”
Quinn ducked his head. “Thank you, but I can’t take all the credit. Emily gave her a good start.”
“I re-read your letter the other day and you said she died four years ago.”
“That’s right.”
“Seems to me you haven’t done such a bad job since then.”
“I like to think so.” He looked off into the distance. “There are so many aspects to a child’s education beyond what they learn in school. Like values…” His voice drifted off.
She turned slightly on the log. “You were going to say something more; what was it?”
He acknowledged her question with a quick smile then turned back to studying the distant hills. “I haven’t thought about it for a long time, but Emily did something before she died and I’ve never quite come to terms with it.”
“I’m not sure if I want to hear this.”
“I never told Francie about it either, even though it might have been a good life lesson.” He spoke as though she hadn’t interrupted. “The thing is, Emily knew for quite some time about her cancer and didn’t say anything. It really bothered me that she didn’t tell me.”
Taylor sucked in a quick breath of air.
“When she finally told me, she said she hadn’t wanted to ruin what was left of our time together. I understand that, but still I felt as though I must have failed her in some way if she didn’t trust me enough to tell me.” He turned. “Know what I mean?”
Taylor shook her head. “Don’t ask me to pass judgment on your wife.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Besides, there are other ways to teach Francie about trust.”
“You’re right and I shouldn’t have burdened you with that.” He paused. “I’ve never told anyone about what happened, not even her sister.”
“Sometimes,” she said, choosing her words carefully, “there are things we keep to ourselves as a gift to those we love. By not telling them we shield them from the truth, which can be ugly.”
Quinn wasn’t sure if she was talking about him or herself.
She gave a nervous little laugh. “Let’s not talk about things we can’t change. Besides, I have something to ask you… do you have a passport?”
The question caught him off guard. “A passport? Yes, why do you ask?”
“I was wondering if you’d like to come to Australia with me next week, while Francie is in Los Angeles.”
“Australia?”
“Yes – it’s a big chunk of land down there somewhere.” She hiked her thumb in the general direction.
“Sounds wonderful but – why?”
“Because…” A magpie landed in a tree on the far side of the creek and she watched it for a moment. “Because I always feel relaxed there, and I’d like to share it with you.”
“Australia,” he repeated. 
“I know it’s a long way, and it’s last minute…” She studied his reaction, which was still shock. “Do you want to come? I mean if you can manage a few days off?”
He shook his head, as though waking from a dream. “Yes, I’d like that but I don’t know. I’m trying to think what I have scheduled for next week. What day are you leaving?”
“Wednesday. I need to get away and Mom and Dad need the place to themselves.”
“Wow. It’s a lot to consider.”
“I realize that so I’ve worked out a solution. I’ll e-mail you my itinerary, and if you can make it, surprise me at the airport on Wednesday. No more contact after today. If you can make it, that’s great, and if not, no questions asked.” She grabbed one more handful of sand. “But I’d love to walk with you on the beach in front of my place. Just you and me, where nobody knows us.”
“Is it that easy?”
She looked into his eyes. “It is, if you want it to be.” She dropped the handful of sand. “Come on, let’s go back to the house and congratulate the new checkers champion.”

* * *

“Daddy!” Francie jumped up when she saw them coming. “Did you know Taylor’s Dad writes books? And her mother is an artist?”
“Yes, I did know that.” He glanced over at Taylor. “What we want to know is who won at checkers.”
“It was a draw. We each won a game so we decided not to play any more. That way we’re both winners.”
“What an elegant solution.” Quinn sat in one of the Adirondack chairs. There were now five on the deck.
Francie leaned against the arm of his chair and lowered her voice. “He’s a good player. I think he may have let me win.”
“I heard that!” Bart was on the other side of the deck, fooling around with the barbecue. “Francie won her game fair and square. You can ask Caroline.”
Sammy settled down beside Francie, angling for a pat on the head.
Taylor smiled down at the pair. “I see you’ve made a friend.” She brushed back a strand of hair that had escaped Francie’s scrunchy. “I’m going to see if Mom needs any help in the kitchen, then I’ll come back out and braid your hair if you like.”
“Excellent.” Francie shot a quick look at her father. “I mean yes, thanks.”
Taylor was back outside moments later with a straight-backed chair and a hairbrush. “Sit here with your back to me,” she said, tossing a cushion onto the deck. She sat on the chair, removed the scrunchy from Francie’s hair and started brushing with long, soothing strokes. Quinn watched, taking note of the blissful expression on his daughter’s face. There was something about the connection between an older woman and a young girl like Francie that couldn’t be replicated by a man – no matter how much he loved his child. He’d accepted that a long time ago and done his best, but watching the two of them he was reminded that there was only so much he could do.
“There,” said Taylor. “There’s a mirror in the downstairs bathroom if you’d like to take a look.”
Francie jumped up and ran inside.
Taylor set the chair aside and sat in the Adirondack chair beside Quinn. “Mom used to brush my hair like that,” she said with a soft smile. “I’d hear the other girls at school complaining that their mothers got impatient, but Mom was always gentle. It was a special time.”
Quinn’s smile was rueful. “I could see how much she was enjoying it. I tried a couple of times but I made a mess of it. We finally settled on tying her hair back.”
Taylor reached for his hand. “Maybe I can show you what to do some time… after she comes back from California.”
He studied their intertwined fingers. “I’d appreciate that.” He lifted her hand and brushed his lips against the backs of her fingers. “I like holding your hand,” he murmured. “It feels good.”
“Hmmm.” She made no effort to pull away.
Quinn let his head fall back and closed his eyes. Was there any chance of a future with this woman? She was complex, fragile, and so desirable he ached to be with her. But he was also afraid. Afraid that he’d fall in love with her and she’d disappear without confiding in him. He didn’t think he could bear that. And yet… he couldn’t let the chance to know her slip by without at least trying.
He opened his eyes and gave her hand a gentle squeeze. “Just tell me one thing,” he said. “Why don’t you want me to contact you again before Wednesday? What if something happens and I can’t make it?”
She turned to him and he gripped the arm of the chair with his free hand to keep from losing himself in her eyes.
“Because I don’t want to miss a moment of the anticipation. I know you’ll come if you can, so if you’re not there, then it wasn’t meant to be.”
“But –”
Taylor shook her head. “No ‘but’s. I was meant to find that bottle Quinn. I know that now.” A blush crept up into her cheeks. “I guess I sound like a silly school girl, but the more I get to know you, the more I’m convinced of it.” She fell silent for a few moments. “By the way, don’t forget to bring your bathing suit – or at least shorts. We have a lot of beach to cover.”
He looked over at her profile and knew one thing – it had been fate that delivered the bottle to her. He’d known that from the moment he saw her standing in the creek with her fly rod.  If she’d been appealing in jeans and hip waders, he couldn’t imagine how his heart would react when he saw her in a bathing suit. Australia was looking very good.

* * *

“Did you enjoy that?” Quinn and Francie were on their way home.
“They’re all really nice, aren’t they? What’s the story with Taylor’s parents? Are they for sure getting married again?”
“According to Taylor, it will be fairly soon. I think she’s looking for a place of her own.”
Francie frowned. “I hope she doesn’t move away. You like her, don’t you Dad?”
He sighed. “I do, yes.”
She considered his answer for a moment. “It’s pretty clear she likes you, too. It’ll work out.”
“I hope so.” He nodded to himself then turned to smile at her. “I really hope so.”

* * *

Taylor waited until the next morning to tell Bart and Caroline that she was going to Australia.
“It’ll be a couple of weeks at the most,” she said. “Possibly less. And when I come back, I’m going to look for a place around here somewhere. In the meantime, will you take care of Sammy and Jasmine?”
“Of course. Your father and I would love it if you lived closer.” Caroline was watching her daughter closely. “Have you decided if you’re going back to work?”
“Not yet, but I’m leaning toward trying something else.” She ducked her head. “A lot depends on how things work out with Quinn.”
Caroline raised both eyebrows. “I didn’t realize your relationship was that far along.”
“It isn’t, really. I’ve invited him to come to Australia with me.”
Bart looked up from the kitchen table where he’d been eating breakfast. “You don’t sound very sure of him. That surprises me as the man is obviously crazy about you.”
“Do you think so?” She tapped her fingernails against the side of her coffee cup. “The thing is, I haven’t told him about the pictures yet. That’s why I’ve asked him to come to Australia… so I can tell him. If he can handle that, then I’ll know.”
Bart pushed his plate away. “I don’t know why women have to make everything so complicated, but it’s your decision.” He rose and gave her a hug. “I’ve seen the way you look at him, and I hope you can work it out while you’re down under.”
“Thanks, you guys.” She blinked back tears. “I think I’ll see if I can catch some trout for dinner.”
Bart stood behind Caroline and wrapped his arms around her waist as Taylor crossed the deck, Sammy at her heels. “If I ever saw two people who should be together, it’s them.”
Caroline turned in the circle of his arms. “What about us?”
He smiled into her eyes. “We’re already together. I hope she comes home soon so we can get married.”
“She’d better. I’ve already started making arrangements.”
“That’s my girl.” He glanced at his watch. “I’m going to write for a couple of hours. See you at lunch.”

* * *

Clouds appeared out of nowhere and blocked the sun but Taylor didn’t mind. She made several casts, but her heart wasn’t in it. “Looks like no trout for dinner, Sammy.” The dog raised his head to look at her and she went to join him, sitting in the sand. A few drops of rain fell but she ignored them.
“You heard what Quinn said this morning about trust,” she said, giving voice to her thoughts. “It was the perfect opportunity to tell him, but I just couldn’t.” She draped an arm over Sammy’s neck and leaned against him. “When all that stuff happened I had no idea it would take so long to feel whole again. But I’m close… so close I can feel it.” She scratched Sammy’s ears. “When I tell Quinn, I think I’ll feel so light I’ll probably fly away.” She laughed softly. “Too dramatic? Yeah, okay, too dramatic, but you know what I mean.”
The sun broke through the clouds, creating a dazzling rainbow.
“Look at that,” she said, jumping to her feet and throwing her arms in the air. “It’s a rainbow. I’m tempted to chase it and see where it ends.”
She stood for a moment, a smile on her face. “Chasing rainbows,” she repeated, recalling the way Quinn’s lips had brushed her hand. “When I’m with Quinn that’s how I feel. And I have a feeling that the pot of gold is on a beach in Australia.”

CHAPTER ELEVEN




“Grandma Leah will meet you at baggage claim.” Quinn walked Francie as far as he was permitted. “You’ll recognize her, won’t you?”
Francie rolled her eyes. “We’ve been face timing, Dad. Don’t worry.”
“I can’t help it. Call me when you get there, okay?”
“I will. And you call me when you get to Australia. I can’t believe you’re actually doing this, but I’m glad you’re going.”
“There are times I can’t believe it either.” He gave her a quick kiss. “Have fun.”
“I will.” She went through the security gate and disappeared in a throng of people.
Quinn hurried back to his car. His partners had been surprised but enthusiastic about the trip, reminding him that he hadn’t had a real holiday in several years. With their help he had re-scheduled his clients for the rest of this week and all next week, but still had a lot of notes to dictate before he left. The next day and a half would pass quickly.

* * *

Taylor couldn’t stop smiling as she checked in and went through security. She had e-mailed her entire itinerary to Quinn, going so far as to give him her assigned seat so that he could book the seat beside her. She had dressed casually for the long grueling flight but even so, every male in the airport admired her as she approached the departure gate.
She didn’t notice them; there was only one man she wanted, and he’d be here soon. She glanced at her watch. She’d arrived with plenty of time to spare, but she’d kind of hoped he’d be there at the gate waiting for her.
‘Don’t be silly’ she told herself. ‘There’s lots of time yet.’
Quinn still hadn’t arrived by the time they started boarding. She was having a hard time keeping her smile in place and when they announced final boarding, she was almost in tears.
She refused to watch as the cabin crew went through the safety briefing. Even though she’d heard it a hundred times before she usually paid them the courtesy of watching, but today she was afraid they’d see the tears in her eyes. Somewhere in the vicinity of where her heart used to be, a pain was building, Crushed by disappointment, she pulled out her phone and blocked Quinn, scarcely noticing that they had taken off. 
‘You knew this might happen,’ said the voice in her head. 
True, but she hadn’t really believed it. Fortunately, there was no-one sitting beside her in First Class to witness her despair. She dreaded the long trip that lay ahead.

* * *

Quinn was on his way to the airport when the call came. He grabbed the phone eagerly, expecting to hear Taylor’s voice. It had been too long since they last spoke and he answered with a smile in his voice.
“Quinn Roberts?” He didn’t recognize the man’s voice.
“Yes.”
“This is Sergeant Jake Ellis of the Bozeman Police Department.”
His mind raced. What could the police want with him? He pulled over to the side of the road, his heart pounding.
“Sir, do you know a woman named Anne Evans?”
A chill came over him. “Yes I do. She’s a client of mine. Is there a problem?” He could hear noise in the background.
“Mr. Roberts, we discovered Mrs. Evans half an hour ago in the municipal park. She’s been badly beaten and was clutching one of your business cards in her hand.”
“Is she alive?”
“Just barely. Before she passed out she kept saying ‘call Quinn’. At first we thought it was all one word, then we found your card.”
Quinn closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
“Mr. Roberts. Are you there?”
“Yes, I’m here. Where is she now? And where are her children?”
“She’s in Emergency at Deaconess and we’ve determined that the children are with a babysitter. Do you know if she has any family we can contact?”
“She’s divorced from her husband; they had a recent custody dispute. She has a sister in Casper, Wyoming but I can’t recall her name right now.” By then he knew what he had to do. “I’m on my way to the airport but I’ll go back to the office, find the sister’s contact and call you. Then I’ll go to the hospital to see if there’s anything I can do.”
“You’ll miss your flight.”
“Yes, but my client doesn’t have anyone else. I’ll just have to put my trip off for a couple of days.”
“Where are you going?”
“Australia.”
“Oh man, I’m sorry.”
“Yeah, me too. I’ll call you when I get back to the office.”
Quinn exhaled slowly and dropped his forehead onto the steering wheel.
In that moment he realized two things: Number One, he and Taylor belonged together on a beach in Australia, and Number Two, it didn’t matter whether or not she told him about the pictures.
But he couldn’t leave Anne Evans by herself in the hospital. Taylor would understand. He called her number but there was no answer. She was probably driving to the airport as well, and had her phone turned off. He’d call when he reached the hospital and explain what had happened. He pulled out into traffic, turned at the first cross street and headed back to his office.
He strode off the elevator, taking the receptionist by surprise. “Quinn, aren’t you supposed to be on your way to Australia about now?”
“Don’t remind me,” he said, then slowed. It wasn’t Beth’s fault that he was missing his flight. “One of my clients has been attacked and is in the hospital. She has nobody else and was asking for me.” He gave her a wry smile. “I can’t let her go through this alone.” He continued through to his office.
“Sergeant Ellis? It’s Quinn Roberts. I have that contact for you now.”
The policeman took down the information.
“Would you like me to call her? I’d like to assure her that I’ll be here for Anne and make sure her children are all right until she gets here.” He listened to the response. “All right. I’ll call her and be there in a few minutes.”
Quinn tried to call Taylor again from the office but her phone was still turned off. Knowing he’d be busy once he got to the hospital, he sent her a text with a short explanation, asking her to call him.
To make matters worse, he hadn’t been able to reach Anne’s sister Julia either. He sent her a text as well, asking her to contact him just as soon as possible.
When he caught up with Sergeant Ellis he tried not to show his frustration, but it must have been obvious as he reported not being able to contact Julia.
“She’ll get back to you,” he said evenly. “In the meantime, Mrs. Evans has been taken to a private room. Her injuries are terrible to look at, but not as life-threatening as they first thought.”
“That’s a relief.” Quinn followed him to the elevator. “Was it the husband?”
“Why do you say that?”
“As I mentioned on the phone, they recently went through an acrimonious custody fight.” He gave the Sergeant a sharp look. “I understand that you can’t say anything, but the man has anger issues. The judge agreed to court-ordered supervision for his visits, and he didn’t like that at all.”
The policeman nodded. “We have a warrant out for his arrest.”
“Good.”
“Here we are.” Sergeant Ellis paused with his hand on the door. “The doctor says she’ll stabilize in a few days, but as I said she looks pretty grim.”
Grim was an understatement. Quinn gasped when he saw the bruises and abrasions on her face and arms. He didn’t want to think about the punishment her body must have taken. Judging by the defensive marks on her arms, she’d tried to defend herself, but she’d been close to passing out when she staggered across the park and collapsed near the children’s playground, clutching Quinn’s card.
Quinn turned to the Sergeant. “I’ll stay with her for a while in case she wakes up. Could you clear it with the hospital for me to keep my cell phone on in case her sister calls?”
“Consider it done. Thanks for everything, counselor.”
The policeman pushed open the door, then turned back and gave Quinn a look of respect. “You’re all right, you know that? I’ve told my last lawyer joke.”
Quinn nodded, uncomfortable at the praise. “Does that mean I can’t laugh at jokes about cops and donuts?”
The Sergeant chuckled and walked down the hall.
Quinn settled in the chair beside the bed and checked his phone to make sure he had service. He sent another text to Taylor; after that, all he could do was wait.
He may have dozed off, because it was some time later when his phone vibrated. It was Julia.
“Quinn? Tell me she’s okay.” He could hear the panic in her voice.
“She’s going to be fine. Give me a sec to get out in the hall.” He left the room. “I was in her room but I can talk now.”
“What happened? It was David, wasn’t it?”
“The police won’t confirm, but they are looking for him now, so I think it’s fair to assume it was him.”
“Where are the children?”
Quinn realized he’d forgotten to ask the Sergeant about the babysitter. “They’re at the babysitter’s place, but I don’t know where that is.”
“That’s a relief. So do you know any of the details?”
“Only that she must have agreed to meet David in the park. They might have met for lunch, the police don’t know, but that’s where she was found. She managed to make it to an area where there were people.”
“She’s a small little thing, but she’s always had spunk.” For a moment she was silent. “Okay, here’s what I’m going to do. It’s six o’clock now, so I’ll call the babysitter and ask her if the kids can stay over tonight. I’ll grab a few hours of sleep and then leave around six in the morning. I should be there in the early afternoon.” She took a breath. “You don’t know how much we appreciate this, Quinn. Annie was smart to choose you as her lawyer.”
For the first time in ages, he didn’t know how to respond. “Glad I could help,” he said finally. “See you tomorrow.”

* * *

In Quinn’s dream he heard soft moaning. He opened his eyes to see Anne watching him.
“You’re awake!” he said, stating the obvious. 
A tear rolled down her cheek from the corner of her eye, dampening the pillow.
“Are you in pain?”
She nodded.
“I’ll call the nurse.”
She lifted a hand and he could see she was trying to speak. He moved closer. “My children?” she whispered.
He covered her hand with his. “They’re fine. Julia arranged with the babysitter for them to stay overnight.”
She closed her eyes and relaxed, a faint smile on her lips. “Good.”
“And Julia will be here tomorrow.”
She closed her eyes.
“I’ll get the nurse.”

* * *

Quinn was sitting in the hall staring at his cell phone when the nurse came out of Anne’s room. “We’ve given her some sedation, Mr. Roberts. She’ll sleep through the night so you might as well go home and get some rest yourself.”
He looked up, disoriented for a moment. Taylor would be in the Los Angeles airport now, waiting for her flight to Brisbane. He couldn’t understand why she hadn’t responded, but the nurse was right.
“Okay,” he said. “You have my number?”
“Yes, and we’ll call if anything happens.” She smiled kindly. “But don’t expect to hear from us.”
“Fair enough.” He got to his feet. “I’ll be back in the morning.”
He hesitated about leaving his suitcase in the car, but brought it into the house. He had extra shaving gear in his bathroom but he preferred his usual razor.
“Why am I even thinking about this stuff?” he said out loud. But he knew the answer. He was trying anything he could think of to stop worrying about why Taylor hadn’t responded. He sent one more text, had a shower and lay down on his bed. Surprisingly, he fell asleep almost instantly.

* * *

A beam of sunlight played across Quinn’s eyelids. He woke with a start, for a moment unsure of where he was. His bedside clock said it was seven fifteen, and his phone told him he hadn’t received any messages. He swung his feet out of bed, scrubbed a hand over his face and when he opened his eyes again he noticed some small lettering beneath the text message he’d sent last night. Squinting, he saw that it was two words: ‘Not delivered’. Puzzled, he scrolled back to the other two messages. They also had the ‘not delivered’ notation.
He called Francie, not caring if she was still asleep.
“Hi Daddy.” She sounded groggy. “You should be half way to Australia by now.”
“I’m at home. Something came up.”
She was instantly awake. “What’s going on?”
“Look, Francie. I can explain later but right now I need to know something about my cell phone.”
“You sound weird.”
“I’m not surprised. Listen, I’ve sent three texts to Taylor and I just noticed that each one has a small notation that says ‘Not delivered’. What does that mean?”
“Did you guys have a fight or something?”
“What? No. One of my clients was beaten by her husband. The police called me when I was on the way to the airport. She doesn’t have anyone else and was asking for me.”
“Talk about full service.”
“Francie, be serious. What does this message mean?”
“Daddy it means that Taylor blocked you.”
“Blocked me? Why would she do that?”
“Gee I don’t know. Maybe because you didn’t show up? She thinks you changed your mind about going. She’s mad at you Dad. I’d probably do the same thing.”
“I never should have gone along with her suggestion.”
“What was that?”
“We agreed to meet at the airport. She said if I didn’t show up, she’d understand that I’d changed my mind and didn’t want to go.”
“You’re right, that was a bad idea.” Francie fell silent for a moment. “You know Dad, I could phone her and explain. I’ll bet she hasn’t blocked me.”
“Thanks Sweetie but I’ve already decided what I’m going to do.”
“I hope it’s better than your last idea.”
Quinn ignored the remark. “I’m going to be busy today, but I’m going to rebook my flight and fly down tomorrow.”
“Now we’re talking.”
“So how are you since the last time we talked?”
“I’m enjoying it, but I miss my own bed. Will you keep me informed? I’m worried about both of you.”
“Will do. And Francie?”
“Yes Dad?”
“Thank you.”

CHAPTER TWELVE




Taylor normally took the Gold Coast Highway from Brisbane airport to her home at Palm Beach. The early morning arrival made for a beautiful drive and she was normally completely relaxed by the time she reached her destination. But today was different. All she wanted at this point was to get there quickly, so she took the freeway. She’d spent most of the long flight wondering how she could have been so wrong about Quinn. She’d dozed fitfully on the flight and every time she woke up, she was no closer to understanding how she could have misinterpreted the attraction that sizzled between them.
She would get over this – eventually. But in the meantime, there was a dull ache in the spot where her heart should be.
Pulling the rental car into her driveway she sat for a moment, composing herself in case her neighbors were home. Jack and Grace Robinson owned a chain of sporting goods stores and spent most weekends at their Palm Beach home, but she’d contacted Grace to let her know she was arriving and it wouldn’t surprise her if her neighbor was there to greet her.
The moment she walked inside she was reminded of why she’d purchased the home. Floor to ceiling windows faced the ocean, infusing the living space with light that could only be described as luminescent. Taylor had furnished the home with white lacquered furniture complemented by brightly colored fabrics. She was relieved to see a note from Grace on her kitchen counter informing her that her friend had stocked the kitchen with the necessary items for her first night and would touch base with her tomorrow. A bowl of fruit sat on the counter, adding an additional touch of color.
Taylor walked through the living area, opened the sliding doors, and took a deep, calming breath. Waves hissed up the beach, and in the distance a dog frolicked in the foam, then ran back to join a young couple walking hand in hand. “Life goes on,” she said with a faint smile, then went inside to get settled.

* * *

Quinn was sitting outside Anne’s room when Julia arrived.
“You made good time,” he said, glancing at his watch. It was shortly after noon.
“I couldn’t sleep,” she said. “So I left home early. I’ve already checked on the children. They’re a bit confused, but fine.” She nodded toward the door to Anne’s room. “How is she this morning?”
“The nurse said she slept through the night. The doctor looked in on her first thing this morning and he’s due back any time now.”
Julia went into her sister’s room. Anne’s eyes were closed and she was breathing easily, but the dark bruising beneath her eyes spoke to the emotional ordeal she’d been through. Julia and her husband had decided to encourage Anne to move to Casper; they’d found a small rental home in their neighborhood that would suit Anne and the children perfectly. They had a feeling she’d be happy to get away from Bozeman once her situation was stabilized.
“Julia.” Anne’s voice was raspy. “The children?”
“They’re fine. I’ve just seen them and they’re busy drawing a get-well poster for you. They think you fell and had an accident.”
Anne closed her eyes. “Thank you.” Her eyes drifted shut, then she opened them again. “The police were here and they have David in custody. They’re going to charge him with assault.”
“I should hope so.”
“The doctor was here too. He says I can probably go home tomorrow, if you’ll be there.”
“Of course I’ll be there. I’m going to stay until you get tired of me and kick me out.”
Anne was having difficulty concentrating. “Is there anything else I have to do?”
“Not really. Oh, you should probably thank Quinn. He’s outside now if you’d like to see him when the doctor leaves.”

* * *

Quinn stepped tentatively into the room, relieved to see that Anne was awake. Or at least she was as awake as possible considering the pain meds the doctor had ordered.
“Hello Quinn.” She motioned toward the water on her bedside tray and he held the straw to her lips. “Thanks,” she said, falling back on the pillows. “I’m sorry I dragged you into this, but I didn’t know who else to call.”
“Don’t be sorry. I’m glad I could help.”
“Will I need your help again? I mean after he’s charged?”
“There will be some paper work to be filed with Family Services, but that’s routine. Let’s wait and see what happens in court.” He gave her what he hoped was a confident smile.
“Quinn, Sergeant Ellis told me you’d been on your way to Australia when he called you. Knowing that you delayed your trip means a lot to me. A simple ‘thank you’ seems insufficient at a time like this, but it’s all I’ve got.”
“You just concentrate on getting better. Australia will still be there tomorrow.” He looked out the window but he was visualizing a long, white beach. “And I have someone special waiting for me.”
Tears welled up in her eyes. “Bless you, Quinn. Safe travels.”
He gave her hand a squeeze and left the room.

* * *

It had been an uneventful flight. Quinn claimed his luggage, headed for the car rental booth and was soon outside. Pausing for a moment, he lifted his face to the sun and smiled. At this point he had no idea how Taylor would react to his arrival, but he was willing to get down on his knees if that’s what it took to get her to listen.
The Gold Coast Highway offered tantalizing glimpses of the beach and ocean beyond. In spite of the uncertainty surrounding his arrival, he began to relax and before he knew it, he was on Jefferson Lane and pulling into the driveway of Taylor’s home.
As he approached the door, any lingering doubts drifted away on the morning breeze. He and Taylor deserved this time to see if they had a future together; he believed they did.
The doorbell echoed throughout the house but there was no response. Undeterred, he went back to his car and rummaged in his suitcase for a pair of board shorts and a T-shirt. Taylor’s street had very little traffic and he wasn’t concerned about being seen. He changed quickly, kicked off his shoes and walked down the side of the house toward the beach.
Beyond the broad expanse of sand the surf formed gentle rollers. Quinn had expected it to be beautiful but the sight still took his breath away. Far out over the ocean a low band of clouds hugged the eastern horizon, softening the intensity of the blue sky. He stood for a moment scanning the length of the beach, his toes curling in the sand when he saw her.
She was sitting on the sand slightly above the high water mark, staring out to sea. He couldn’t see her face from this angle, but the long elegant column of her neck and the messy bun on top of her head made his breath catch in his throat. As he watched, she picked up a handful of sand in that familiar gesture and let it fall, a waterfall of sparkling crystals.
He walked toward her and when he was about twenty feet away she became aware of his presence. Her mouth opened slightly and in her eyes he read a kaleidoscope of thoughts ranging from surprise to confusion, but it was her smile that told him he should keep walking.
She dropped the remaining sand and rose from the sand in one fluid move. She wore a lightweight beach cover-up which molded to her body in the offshore breeze and it was all he could do not to stare.
“Quinn.” Her tone was soft and tentative. “What are you doing here?”
He took a few steps closer. “You’re here. Where else would I be?”
“But I thought –”
He placed a finger against her lips and pulled her close. “I’ll explain later.”
She wrapped her arms around his neck and softened against him. “Oh Quinn, I was so afraid…” Her eyes glittered with unshed tears. “But not anymore.”
“That’s my girl,” he said and kissed her, gently at first, but before long they were clinging to each other with an intensity that spoke of the pent-up desire they’d both been holding back.
She broke away, her eyes searching his face. “Are you really here?”
“I’m here,” he said, brushing an errant strand of hair from her face. “Right where I belong.”
“With me?” She gave him a lingering kiss.
“With you.” He pulled back and looked into her eyes. “Where I’ve wanted to be ever since the first time we met.”
She turned serious. “Quinn, there’s something I have to tell you.”
He took her hand and started leading her back to the house. “If it’s about the pictures, I know all about it.”
She stopped and dropped his hand. “You know?”
He nodded. “I’ve known for a while.” He kept walking.
She ran to catch up. “How long have you known?”
“Quite a while, actually. Since Francie told me about your modeling career.”
“And you don’t mind?”
He stopped. “I mind that you were hurt... that’s all.”
“Can I ask you one thing?”
He knew what she was going to ask. “No, I haven’t seen the pictures.” He brushed a thumb across her bottom lip. “Why would I do that when I have the real thing right here?” 
She gave him a saucy look. “You’re pretty sure of yourself.”
He gazed steadily into her eyes. “Yes, I am, and I’m here to prove it to you.”
Her laughter blended with the sound of breaking waves and she grabbed his hand. “Race you back to the house.”

* * *

Quinn woke up several hours later to see Taylor smiling down at him. She was wearing shorts and a halter top. “Poor baby, did I wear you out?”
He reached for her. “Come here, wench. I’ll show you who’s tired out.”
“Tempting, but I’d like to hear why you didn’t meet me at the airport. And I brought you some coffee.”
He sat up in bed and reached for the coffee. “Remember my client – the child custody case?”
She nodded, and he told her what had happened.
Taylor shuddered. “Is she going to be all right?”
“Yes, I think she is. I spoke to her sister before I left; Anne and the children will probably move to Wyoming.”
“I shouldn’t have blocked you, but I was too proud to call and ask what was going on. If you’d told me you changed your mind I think my heart would have broken, so I was avoiding you until I felt stronger…” Her words trailed off.
“I tried to text you but when Francie explained you’d blocked me, she told me she’d probably do the same.”
“Did she really?” She shook her head. “How is she?”
“Enjoying Los Angeles. That reminds me, I promised to call her when I got here.”
“Let’s see… it’s about ten thirty in the evening there – yesterday.”
He shook his head. “Maybe I’ll just send her a text.”
“Good idea.”

* * *

Over the next few days they slipped into an easy routine. Long rambling walks on the beach during which they discussed anything and everything; joyous bouts of lovemaking that confirmed what they both knew – they belonged together. They decided not to stock the kitchen and in the evenings they visited local restaurants, laughing with the staff and building memories that would last forever.
On the fourth day they were sitting on the front deck with their morning coffee when the familiar strains of Fur Elise floated out from Taylor’s cell phone.  She picked it up. “I should take this,” she said with an apologetic smile. “It’s Patrick – my agent.”
“Hello Patrick.” She listened for a moment. “Well, things have changed a bit since I called you.” She glanced over at Quinn. “Sure, I’m always interested.” She picked at the frayed hem of her cut-offs as she listened. “I’ll think about it, but my first instinct is to say no.”
Quinn didn’t know what the agent said next, but Taylor’s posture changed as she listened to what he was saying. “Really? They said that?” He could almost see the thoughts forming in her head. “Now that sounds like something I’d be interested in.” She looked over at Quinn again. “Yes, I’d like to see their proposal, but not for another few days. I’ll contact you when we get back to the States.” The agent said something and she gave a low, throaty laugh. “Yes, I said ‘we’.” Her gaze rested on Quinn. “Yes, he’s very special. Goodbye, Patrick.”
Quinn raised his eyebrows.
“That was interesting,” she said, gazing out beyond the breaking surf. “He’s been getting feelers for modeling gigs, but I’ve given it a lot of thought, and that’s over for me. He has something else though. One of the major national retail chains wants to re-establish themselves as the leader in women’s fashions, including makeup and accessories, and they want to hire me as consultant and eventually act as their spokesperson.” She turned to him. “What do you think?”
“It sounds challenging,” he said. “I don’t know anything about your business, but I do know you, and I think you’d do an amazing job.”
“You wouldn’t mind? It would mean a lot of travel.”
“But you’ll come back to me.”
She sat in his lap and wrapped her arms around his neck. “Always.”
“That’s all I wanted to hear.” He smiled into her eyes. “My wife, the business mogul.”
Her eyes widened. “Did you just say ‘my wife’?”
“Yes ma’am. Is that a problem?”
“Never,” she said, murmuring against his lips. “But just to be sure, we should check that compatibility again.”
He lifted her in his arms and headed for the bedroom. “My thoughts exactly.”

EPILOGUE




“You may kiss the bride.”
Bart paused for a moment and looked into Caroline’s eyes. “Let’s do this right this time, okay?”
“I’m all for that.” She leaned in for his kiss as the small crowd erupted in cheers.
Francie looked up at her father and Taylor. “This is so romantic.” 
Taylor gave her an affectionate hug. “I agree. Your idea to string fairy lights in the trees was inspired.”
Francie blushed at the compliment. “There’s something magical about this place… or is it the people who make it magic?”
Taylor looked at Quinn. “I think it’s a bit of both.”
“Will you and Daddy get married here as well?”
Taylor glanced down at Sammy, who was wearing a bow tie. “What do you say, young fella?”
Sammy barked softly.
“Thought so,” she said, then turned to her husband-to-be. “What do you think, Quinn?”
“Whatever my two favorite women want is fine with me.”
Francie sighed and spread her hands. “And to think this all started with a message in a bottle.”
Taylor smiled. “Amazing, isn’t it.”
“It’s more than that.” Francie looked from her father to Taylor. “It’s magic.”
MEANWHILE, BACK IN CHICAGO



Damon rolled back his chair and looked into Lauren’s office. “Have you seen the bottle page today?” They’d started to refer to it as the bottle page soon after it launched.
“I’m looking at it now.” She got up, moved to the front office and pulled up a chair beside his computer. “I thought it might be popular, but I had no idea it would explode like this.”
Damon grinned. “Know what I like?” He tapped the screen. “They’re engaging with each other. Sure, some of the comments are offensive but unfortunately that’s par for the course these days. There have been some put-downs that made me cringe, but overall it’s a balanced blend of positive and negative.”
Lauren nodded. “Hopeful and hopeless.”
“I guess you could say that. The best part is that we don’t even need to respond. Our readers are doing that for us.” He refreshed the page and another batch of comments scrolled up. “It takes me about half an hour to read all the messages every morning. If they’re beyond the pale I delete them.”
“I was wondering –” She looked up as Alexis came in carrying a mug of coffee.
“Who knew?” she said, eyeing the computer screen and taking a sip of coffee. “I saw your father last night and he’s beyond pleased at the new action.”
“You saw him last night?”
Alexis blushed. “I was having dinner at Sneak’s with a friend and he came in.”
“I see.” Lauren didn’t actually see at all. She loved her father, but his reputation as a man about town preceded him and she’d hate to see Alexis get hurt.
“Don’t worry.” Alexis read Lauren’s thoughts. “Your father’s charming, but I’m not ready to put my heart on the line again... not even for him.” She turned to Damon. “That was a good idea of yours to ask readers to mention their state. I even saw one from British Columbia this morning.”
Lauren was glad for the change of subject. “What did it say?”
Damon chuckled. “I saw that too.” He scrolled back. “Can’t find it at the moment, but talk about a fairy tale!”
Lauren leaned forward eagerly.
“This reader says she’s going to put a message in a bottle that tells the finder where she is. She claims she’s going to wait at a certain hour in a specified location and whoever finds the bottle should come and meet her if they’re interested.”
Alexis nodded. “It’s a charming idea, but it relies on a lot of things happening at just the right time.” She was silent for a moment. “Nevertheless, I wish her good luck.”

The End

Next in the series: No More Secrets
available at Smashwords

* * *

About the author:
Mona Ingram loves to make up stories and is the author of more than four dozen romances. Most mornings she can be found at her computer, trying to keep up with the characters in her current work, many of whom invariably want to go off in a completely different direction than she planned. But that’s the joy of writing. Mona is an avid birdwatcher and is particularly happy when she can combine birdwatching with travel.
