Chase the Pain
Amatucci Family Book One



Sadie Jacks

2020 Sadie Jacks
All rights reserved. This book or parts thereof may not be reproduced in any form, stored in any retrieval system, or transmitted in any form by any means–electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, or otherwise- without prior written permission of the publisher, except as provided by the United States copyright law. For permission requests, write to the publisher at sadie@sadiejacks.com 

This is a work of fiction. All names, characters, places, brands and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses, companies, events, or places is entirely coincidental.

Editing by Niki Trento-Spencer
Cover design by Natasha Williams with Dazed Designs. www.dazed-designs.com

1st Edition
Other books by Sadie Jacks
Amatucci Family Series
Chase the Pain 
His Love is Pain 
Sweet Pain
Needing Arturo
Loving Talia
Finding Domenico
Freeing Massimo
Keeping Raphael 


Circle of the Stars  PNR RH
Breakaway 
Bonded 
Brutal
Brilliance 


Iron Serpent Chronicles (series complete). 
Not your typical PNR RH. This series takes a wide step to the side in terms of harems. Please note, not all characters introduced at the beginning of the series are in one harem. But every main character does get their happily ever after.
Caged Magic
Wild Magic
Warring Magic
Broken Magic
Magic Freed

Dedication

Always first is the triune God. He seriously is the best. If you’d like to hear my story, ask. I’m more than happy to share it. 

Niki and Cherrie: Thank you for being there and encouraging me to write something without magic. All my love. 

Angel Dragons: Thanks for taking a chance on something new and different. Thanks, as always, for sharing your real thoughts. Without you, most of what I write wouldn’t be nearly as good. 

Beta team: Thank you SO much for taking a chance on a new author in one of your favorite genres. I can’t express how much your words mean to me. I promise, mafia is going to be more present moving forward. And I swear, all those Amatuccis we all love will be getting their stories as well. 

Chronically last, but never least, Mom and Dad. Although this one you might actually read, I know you probably won’t. Your love, support, and encouragement are more than enough. I love you both. 

P.S. Grandma—I promise, I’m working on that PG13 version of Willow and Ryker’s story.
 

TRIGGER WARNING: This book is for mature readers. Please be aware that there is talk of potentially triggering topics within this book with references and/or detailed descriptions of violence, physical, mental abuse, rape, suicide, murder, and other sensitive topics that some readers may find offensive. 


Chapter 1 – Willow 

I squinted against the strobing lights that felt like nails stabbing their way through my eyes and straight into my brain. My long light brown hair was a million-pound weight on my skull. The only thing that saved me was the fact that this dress didn’t require a bra. Or, I should say, the only thing that saved Talia was my braless state.
I was going to kill my best friend for forcing me to come here. It’ll be fun. You need to get out of the house, Willow Chase. Life is passing you by while you sit here and live in the past. 
A noisy club at the end of the longest week on record was not my kind of fun. But Talia had begged. And I fell under her spell every freaking time. She was my last lifeline to the real world. She also made it so I couldn’t ignore her. Even if I wanted to.
“Is this seat taken?” a tall man shouted as he approached the table. His shaggy brown hair was pushed up and off his face that framed the chiseled edges like he was an angel. He didn’t even bother waiting for my reply before he took the tall chair from the round table I’d hidden behind. 
I snorted mentally, definitely not an angel.
“Yes, you douchebag. It’s for my friend,” I shouted back as he walked away. 
Thankfully the music went into a lull for a few blessed moments. 
Chair Stealer stopped with a jerk. Turned his head like an owl…or a possessed chick in a horror movie. “What was that, little girl?”
I downed the rest of my drink. Cleared my throat. “Yes, you douchebag. It’s for my friend.” I spoke clearly and slowly. Obviously, this guy was a little on the hard of hearing side. Rare for a man who looked like he was in his late twenties or early thirties. I mean seriously, the music wasn’t even playing right now.
He set the chair down with a hard snap. His spine stiffened and his chest puffed out like a peacock’s. “What did you say to me, little girl?”
Really? Little girl? I rolled my eyes at the ego on this one. And the guy was practically deaf. Poor thing, just trying to overcompensate. I sighed and raised my voice again. “YES, YOU DOUCHEBAG. IT’S FOR MY FRIEND.”
Everyone in a five-table radius turned to look at me. Because of course the low roar of conversation had halted for the two seconds it took me to yell at him. I shook my head and rolled my eyes. Oh well. It might be better for other people to know he was an ass. “You can put the chair back now, thanks so much.” I tipped my chin at the far side of the table in case he was also stupid. 
I looked over the guy’s shoulder and lifted a hand for the waitress. When I caught her eye, I lifted my empty glass, gave it a slight shake. 
She smiled and nodded. 
The music kicked back up into high—and a deep thudding low—gear. The bass pulsed in time to the headache trying to eat my brain.
I heard the high-pitched squeal of the legs of the kidnapped chair scrape over the floor as Chair Stealer brought it back. He leaned over the table, an ugly look on his face. “You might want to learn how to act in public if you’re going to be out in it,” he said, his voice just louder than the music. His cheeks were flushed under the flickering lights. “Otherwise, someone might take offense.”
I snorted. “Same back atcha, fella. Taking a chair with barely a cursory ask is poor manners as well.” I made sure to raise my voice.
The waitress came over and set my drink down. She pushed up into my space and said, “Here you go, Chase. This guy bothering you?” She jerked her thumb in the direction of the guy, not even bothering to look at him. 
I shook my head. “Nah. We’re just discussing manners. Thanks, Lex.”
She nodded. Shot me a smile. “Give me a shout if you need anything else, love.” The tall, gorgeous blonde glared at the guy before turning on her heel. Her yelled, “Watch yourself, jackhole,” before walking off had the guy jolting like she’d shoved an electrified pike up his butt. 
He turned back to me, anger and ego brightened his eyes, darkened his face. His fuzzy blue eyes lit from within. He leaned over the edge of the table until he was close enough for me to smell the booze on his breath. “Who the fuck are you?”
I lifted a single shoulder. “No one. But I’ve heard the guys who own this place don’t like rude people in their club. Better start reading some Emily Post before you get off your chain again.” I tipped my drink at him in a toast before taking a sip. 
Behind the guy, Talia bounced up the stairs to our table. Without even bothering to look, she took the chair from his hands, slid her spectacular ass on it, and stole my drink. 
The man stared in rapt fascination while he watched her throat work as she guzzled my soda water and lime. His eyes lost the anger but kept the ego. Leading with his southern head, he shifted to his right, leaned one elbow on the table, and reached out a hand. With the back of his fingers, he brushed her wild mane of black curls off her shoulder. 
I rolled my eyes and smirked. The bubble of joy in my belly at what was about to happen next had an honest to goddess laugh tickling my throat. 
Talia slapped the glass snifter down with a sharp click. Her dark brown eyes wild with fire. 
“Emily Post, bro,” I said with a smile. 
He looked up at me for the barest of moments before he turned back to Talia. In mere fractions of a second, his face registered the pain. The whimper slid from between his lips, a glorious benediction to stupid assholes everywhere. 
Without needing to see it firsthand, I knew Talia twisted her hand. Over the edge of the table, her elbow cocked out at the perfect angle. That was going to be one sore dick for a hot minute. “Do not touch me. Ever.” She leaned up into his face, her low, sultry voice hard as diamonds. 
The man nodded stupidly as his mouth worked like a guppy’s. His fingers spasmed as he fought for purchase on the smooth tabletop. He grabbed the abandoned glass. 
I nipped it from his grasp before he could use it against my best friend. This guy was on the Learning Train tonight. He’d have the sprained cock to show as a certificate of excellence. And that was only if her brothers didn’t hear about him touching her without permission.
Talia released him and pushed him back. With a roll of her dark eyes, she stood back up and came over to my side of the table. She brushed her lips over my cheek. “Another drink, then you’re getting your ass on the dance floor, Chase.”
I snorted, shook my head. “Migraine. Can’t.” I smiled at her. “So sorry.”
She laughed in my face. “If you had an actual migraine you’d be puking on the floor and writhing in pain. Come on, get your body moving. Let some of that stress leak away.”
A chair crashed to the floor as Broken Penis McChair-Stealer finally righted himself. His face was dark red with rage as he stepped over the chair and made a grab for Talia. 
I bumped her out of the way with my hip as I leaned back out of his reach. 
As he slammed into the table, the table slammed into me. I smashed into the wall, my head made a thick, meaty thump that made my stomach revolt as stars flashed in my eyes. My legs went numb as the table bisected my thighs on its fall to the floor. 
Pinned by a raging egomaniacal douche canoe and a heavy table wasn’t really how I saw this evening ending. I blinked my sight clear and smiled. Was it technically hurting yourself if someone else inflicted the pain? 
The heavy, greasy waves of pain sloshed and slid inside me, close to overwhelming. Pain and I were old friends. Most of the time, I managed it. Slid it to the side when it burst and exploded deep within. 
Not so this time. Like night descended on the sky, the agony surged over me in a giant tidal wave. Just as the darkness was almost complete, the table was pulled off my legs. I slumped to the floor with nothing else to keep me upright. 
With another bone-jarring greeting, my head met the floor. Everything went still and soft around me as the darkness ebbed and flowed at the edges of my brain. I sighed in relief as my mind could finally sort the pain as it floated me to the top of the waves. I danced on the surface of it as lights flashed above me. Bright lights that reminded me of my headache. It joined the ocean of throbbing sensations overtaking my body.  
I relaxed into it. Rode the swells as they buffeted my body.
Finally. 
Finally, I could truly feel. 
Someone slid something cold and wet over my forehead. Cold and pain were my least favorite combination. Someone was looking to get her ass kicked. 
I squinted open one eye. Glared at Talia. “Get that away from me.” 
She chuckled as tears filled her eyes. “If you don’t like it, you’re going to need to move it yourself. But don’t move your lower body.” She wiped a hand under her nose. “What the shit was that, Willow Koa Chase?” 
I winced. Shit, I was in deep trouble if she used my full name. I could count on one hand the number of times I’d heard it. From anyone. I stiffened my upper lip. “I don’t know what you mean.” I looked away from her as I tried to lift a hand to grab the cold rag from my face. 
She slapped my hand away. “Touch it and I’ll make them give you morphine.”
Betrayed by my best friend. The agony. I lowered my hand to my belly like the good little girl I was supposed to be portraying. 
Her laugh was wet as she lowered her head to mine. She moved the wet cloth, pressed the gentlest of kisses to my cool skin, and replaced the cloth. “Don’t ever do that again. I can handle myself. You know that.” Her voice was a low, ragged whisper. 
I shook my head slightly. “I just reacted. Had he not stumbled into the table, it would have been fine.”
“Doesn’t matter. He’s getting tossed out and they’re pressing charges.”
My eyes widened. “Seriously?”
She nodded, her beautiful face caught between desperation and vengeance. “He’s lucky I had to get to you. Or he’d be dead.”
My lips ticked up at the corner. “D-E-D, ded.”
Tears escaped her eyes as she laughed. “Don’t make me laugh, Chase. I’m furious with you.” She swiped her fingers under her eyes. The mascara left a crazy trail of black smeared over her cheeks. “We’re waiting for the ambulance to get here.” She watched me, held my gaze.
Terror shot through the lovely pain. Made it spike hot and hard. “You can’t. You can’t let them take me to the hospital, Tali.” I tried to escape. Tried to roll away, to get to my feet.
She held me down with pitiful ease. “We have to, girl. The table might have done some serious damage. And when he landed on top of it?” She shook her head. “It’s either the hospital or in-house call. And if you choose the latter, then you better do whatever Rafe tells you. Even if that means going to the hospital.”
I shook my head as tears burned at the backs of my eyes. Either way, I could end up in hell. Hooked up to machines where they counted down the beats of my heart like some kind of nuclear apocalypse clock. “I can’t go there, Tali. I’ll do anything, but I can’t go there. You know that.” I grabbed one of her hands in mine. “Hell, call my parents before you let them take me to the hospital.”
Her dark chocolate eyes widened. Her brow furrowed. “You can’t mean that. You haven’t seen them in ages.”
“I’d rather brave my parents than…” I trailed off. She knew what I was talking about. Who I was talking about. I didn’t need to voice the words. Neither of us needed to relive that time in my life. 
She heaved a sigh. “Let me get Rafe.” She looked up and over towards the bar area. “Lex, they can come over here.”
The terror leaked away, leaving me bobbing and floating on the pain once again. 
“And bring me another cool rag, please.”
I reached up, pinched her leg. “No more rags.”
She ignored me. 
I wiggled my toes. Or tried to at least. I wasn’t sure they were still attached to my body. I couldn’t really feel anything below mid-thigh other than a deep pulsing along the line where the table had crashed into me. 
Three handsome faces moved into my eye line. 
Seriously, how the Amatucci family produced five gorgeous children should be chalked up to sorcery of some kind. It was almost unfair. I probably would have thought so more if I’d been on the outside of the family. But since they’d all but adopted me, I guess I could forgive them their good looks. 
Turo, the oldest Amatucci sibling, got to me first. His dark brown eyes, five o’clock shadow, and slightly too long hair were upside down as he knelt at the top of my head. “Will, what are we going to do with you?”
I smiled at the nickname they’d given me when I first met them all those years ago. “Anything you want, except send me to the hospital.”
“We could protect you, you know.” His low voice curled around me in comfort. Gold winked at his wrist as he stabilized my head between his hands. “You say the word, little sister, and we’ll rain hell down on his head.”
I knew he was serious. Deadly serious about that. But I wasn’t about to get their family involved in the crapshow that was my life. Besides, I figured if I could stay off his radar for at least another two years, he would forget about me. 
Please, sweet goddess, let him forget about me.
I shook my head, wrapped my hand around Turo’s wrist. Squeezed slightly. “If Rafe gives me the okay, I’ll just go home and wrap them up.”
Turo winced. “I don’t know that that’s going to happen this time.” He looked down the length of my body. Brought his gaze back up to my face. “They’re already a dark purple color.”
Craaap. I just smiled and waited for the youngest Amatucci brother to give me his medical opinion. 
Another Amatucci brother stepped into my line of sight. Not the medic I was hoping for, but I certainly wasn’t going to send him away. 
Domenico stepped over my body. His dark pants looked black in the lighting, but I knew he favored navy. He hitched up his pants as he knelt next to me, grabbed my hand. “When I said you needed some color, I was thinking of a tan. Not purple, black, and blue.” His butterscotch eyes were the lightest pair in the Amatucci family. They practically glowed from his olive-skinned face. 
“Well, then, you should have been more specific, shouldn’t you? I’m just trying to follow the rules you laid down, Dom.” I blew him a kiss, shot him a saucy wink at my personal nickname for him. 
He groaned and rolled his eyes. “As if I would be so lucky that you’d follow my rules. You wouldn’t end up in these kinds of situations if you did what I told you.” He kissed my palm. 
Warmth flooded my heart. The second Amatucci son would always hold a special place in my heart. If it hadn’t been for Tali, I think I would have been adopted by Dom all by himself. We had an odd brother/sister thing that could turn into more if we let it type of relationship. Since neither of us were willing to risk the friendship, we flirted like crazy and stayed friends. 
“Keep wishing, Dom.” 
“I do,” he said as he kissed my palm again. “You okay?”
I nodded. “Floating.”
He gave me a bleak smile. “If it gets too bad, you tell me. You hurt yourself playing with that pain and I’ll drug you deaf, blind, and dumb.”
“Promise.” I brought his hand to my lips. Pressed a kiss to the back of his hand. “I learned my lesson the last time. I won’t go too far.”
His butterscotch eyes studied me for a moment. “I’m taking that chit, Will.”
I nodded. I winced as something jarred my lower body, causing a rush of spiky sensation up my legs. 
Dom turned, slapped his hand over the back of his youngest brother’s head. “Careful, Rafael. She’s not a slab of meat to toss around.”
“What? You think I don’t know that?” the youngest Amatucci male said in his gruff voice.
I looked down the length of my body. I quirked my lips. Unfortunately, nothing got in my way. The Boob Fairy had apparently been booked pretty full when it was my turn to get my portion. Either that or she’d donated all the rest of it to my ass and hips.
Rafe was near my knees, his hands moving over my thighs. His dark brows were furrowed as he studied my body. The EMT trained family medic was inhouse trauma care for when the rougher side of the family business got a little bloody. 
“Can you feel this?” he asked as he moved my leg from side to side. 
I nodded. “Yeah. Do I still have toes?” Shit. That just slipped out. I bit my lip. The headache was apparently turning me into Sally Sharer.
He jerked his gaze up to my face. “You can’t feel your toes?”
I shrugged. Kept my mouth shut. 
He leaned down towards my feet. Moved one of his arms.
I giggled as he raced the nail of his finger up the arch of my foot. “Yup. Still there. Now stop.” I tried to arch away as he did it to the other foot. I hissed out a breath as the pain flared in my thighs. “Crapcakes, that hurts.”
Dom put a finger under my chin and pulled my face to look at him. “Too much?”
I did a quick self-assessment. I didn’t lie to these boys, this family. They were all I had. And even if it hurt me, I wasn’t going to damage these relationships with stupid lies. “It spikes. Forces me out of the smooth and into the rough when I move. I can handle it, but I’ll probably need something once I start moving.”
Dom’s eyes widened slightly. “Then we’ll have something on hand for you. I think Mama’s got some morphine left.”
I jerked back as if he’d slapped me in the face. I turned away. Tried to pull my hand from his. 
“Shit,” he whispered. He held on, squeezed my fingers. “Look at me, Will.”
I continued to study the fallen table. The cast iron base had to weigh at least fifty pounds. That didn’t include the quartz stone top that looked as if it weighed half that. I was lucky I didn’t have any broken bones. If I got away with just some deep muscle bruising, I would finally take Talia up and join her Krav Maga classes. 
“Willow, look at me,” Dom ordered. His voice was hard and gruff. 
I turned to look at him, my gaze hard. 
“You could take a half. Even a quarter. That much isn’t going to take you back down that path. We would monitor it for you. No one else.”
“Damn right I would be monitoring it,” Rafe said. “We won’t lose you. And certainly not like that, Will. Talia would snatch us all bald-headed.” He ran a hand over his dark hair. His was long enough to brush his shoulders. To curl over the collar of his shirt. “I like my hair too much.” He gave a dramatic shiver. “Here’s the good news. I think you’ve got just the deep bruising. Walking is going to be difficult for a while. Do you have any jobs in the next few weeks?”
I nodded.
Turo laughed. “Didn’t you read the newspaper this morning, Rafe? Our Will is big time nowadays. Schedule booked out until 2025.”
I laughed. “Not quite, but yeah, I’ve got gigs that I need to be able to move for.”
Rafe smiled. “Good for you, little sister. I’m so proud.” He tapped a finger to his lips in thought, his other hand smoothed my dress down my thighs. “Any kind of movement is going to be painful for a while. If you overdo it, you could end up in the hospital or on bedrest with passive therapy.” He watched me. 
I grimaced. “Then I’ll behave.” 
All three men snorted. “We’ll believe that when we see it, Will,” Dom said for all of them. 
“Let’s get you on your feet and see what kind of ROM we’re looking at.”
“English, bro,” Turo whined as he got his hands under my shoulders. 
“Range of motion. If you’d pay attention while I’m going over basics, you wouldn’t sound like an idiot asking for English.” Rafe pushed the table farther away and stayed crouched near my knees. “On three, boys.”
Rafe wrapped his warm hands around the back of my knees as Turo pulled up on my shoulders. Dom stayed near my pelvis and helped stabilize that as I was lifted upright. 
My brain dipped and swayed with the sudden change in elevation. I felt my belly swirl as my dizzy head tried to orient itself to being upright. I was glad all three men were still there and holding onto me. I would have dropped like a bowling ball if they hadn’t been. 
My legs quivered as searing pain turned my stomach and set my thighs on fire. “I’m going to pass out,” I said softly. 
“Turo, drape her over Nico’s back. Now. Hurry,” Rafe ordered. 
Dom stiffened his spine under my chest as I sank against him. My legs were the least of my worries as my stomach tried to escape my body through my throat. Dry heaves shook my chest as they forced more blood to pound through my head. 
“Fuck,” Rafe whispered as he sifted his fingers through my hair. “She’s bleeding from her head. And there’s a lump the size of a baseball back here. We’ve got to take her to the hospital for a CT scan. Now.”
It was the last thing I heard before I passed out. 
Crapcakes.
Chapter 2 – Willow 

I blinked rapidly as I tried to figure out where I was. The sterile white walls, the beeping, the cloying smell…hospital. One of my least favorite places. 
“And I’m her medical power of attorney, you piece of shit. Try to come in this room again, and you’ll be up before your review board, your state board, and anything else I can stick you with. She doesn’t want to see you, she refuses your care, and if you touch her, I’ll file assault and battery charges against you on her behalf,” Dom’s voice was hard as steel and sharp enough to flay skin. 
I couldn’t understand the reply, but I knew that voice. I closed my eyes as I tried to escape it. It haunted my dreams. Stalked my waking moments. Left me a shuddering quaking mess deep inside myself. 
The machine I was hooked to betrayed me. I wanted to throw it out the window, me along with it, if that’s what it took to escape him. I kept my eyes closed as I heard footsteps edge towards my bed. 
“Just me, Will. He’s gone. And he won’t be back. I promise you that,” Dom said as he took my hand. 
I opened my eyes. Shut them again as the sterile walls and blank ceiling mocked me for my weakness. My stomach clenched as my chest spasmed. “I’ve got to get out of here, Dom.” I turned to look at him. Focused on his handsome face to the exclusion of the horrifying room around me. 
The corners of his eyes pinched. “You can’t, babe. Not yet. We’re still waiting for someone to read your CT. The huge lump on the back of your head was a scalp hematoma. Rafe says you’re fine from that one for now. They did some drainage to help reduce the swelling on that part.” His mouth firmed as his dark eyes blazed. “He’s not coming in here. I swear to you, he won’t get anywhere near you. But we can’t treat this at home.” He reached out for my hand, sandwiched it in between his larger palms. 
They didn’t understand. And I still couldn’t bring myself to tell them everything that he’d done to me. Hell, I still didn’t know everything he’d done to my body. So all of us were left with half-answers and more questions. 
I closed my eyes as reality set in. I was stuck here. Vulnerable—in so many more ways than one. I pushed aside the terror, put on a brave face. I shot Dom a smile. “Well, as long as one of you gets to stay, at least I’ll have some nice scenery.” 
He laughed because that’s what I needed him to do. It didn’t reach his eyes and his smile was more upside down than right side up. He perched his hip on the bed next to mine. “We’ll be here, Willow. I swear to you. Amatucci promise.” 
My eyes widened. Oh shit. I shook my head. Winced as I rolled over the bruise on my skull. “I don’t need that. Your word is good to me, Dom. I know nothing will get to me if you say it won’t.”
He leaned down, brushed his lips over my cheek. His skin was warm and his lips soft. “You wouldn’t be here, the literal place of your nightmares, if it wasn’t for something that happened in our club. We take care of our own, Will. You know that. And you’re one of ours.” 
He lifted his head so he could look into my eyes. The space between us warmed with our shared breath in the close space. “You’re one of mine. And I’ll end anyone who tries to hurt you.” He brushed his lips over mine in the sweetest, softest kiss I’d ever received. 
My lips started to tremble. My belly dropped away, leaving nausea in its place. I pulled back after a moment. My heart tripped in my chest, the machine giving me away. I could feel the tears building, that deep aching burn that proved my cowardice. 
It ridiculed me even as it provided sanctuary. I opened my eyes to watch him. To torture myself with what could be. 
He sighed, his eyes closed as he seemed to fight with himself. When he opened them again, he settled back a few more inches. Fathomless love showed in his gaze, shone in the melted caramel depths. “One day, Will. I’ll wait for you forever.”
The desire on his face broke my heart. Lashed my insides with guilt. I could never return the kind of love he needed. The soft and good kind. The kind that washed the heart clean. 
That wasn’t inside me. Not anymore anyway.
He rubbed a thumb over my cheek, caught the tear that escaped my control. 
“Knock, knock,” Tali called from the doorway. 
I shifted my gaze, thankful for the distraction. My savior was still dressed to kill in five-inch heels, short skirt, and a plunging neckline. Her riotous curls had been restrained in a long tail down her back leaving her bronze skin scrubbed free of all artifice and makeup. She had a large paper sack in her hands.
If I were into girls, I’d be all up in her business. I sighed. Wished for a moment that I could be a taco lover. My gaze dropped to Dom’s lap. Yeah, I wouldn’t be jumping on the muff diver train ever. Not with that kind of deliciousness available. 
Tali cleared her throat, pulling my attention. She rolled her eyes as she opened her mouth. “Lamenting again?”
I chuckled. “You know it.” 
Dom looked between us, his eyebrows raised in question. 
We ignored him. 
“If what I heard in the hallway was correct, then you’re about to be sprung,” Tali announced when her brother glared at her. “Unless they’ve called for other head CTs on this floor at this time of morning.”
I perked up at the idea of getting to leave. “Yeah?” I pulled my abs in to help me sit up. The pounding in my head was down to a managed dull thud. As long as I didn’t have to move too quickly, I should be fine. 
Tali nodded. “Yeah. Let’s get you up and dressed.” She shooed her brother out the door. “Stand guard at the door. We’ll open it when she’s ready to see people.”
Dom looked at me again, assessed me with his analytical gaze. After his analysis was complete, he squeezed my hand and rose from the edge of the bed. “I might have to let the doctors in, Tali.”
My insides froze at the words even though I’d already heard Dom threaten him. I’d lost all respect for doctors. Especially important ones who could lie through their teeth and not have their actions dissected like normal humans. 
“He’s not getting in here, Chase. We’ll make sure another doctor does your discharge. Easy does it. If you code out because of stress, you’re not getting out of here for ages,” Tali said as she helped me swing my legs to the side of the bed.
I hit the button on the machines, turned them off. After removing the IV line from the back of my hand, I detached the diodes and monitoring equipment. Practice did make perfect.
“Damn straight she’s not,” Dom said right as he closed the door behind himself. 
I grimaced at the door, glad—so freaking glad—that Dom was here. That I could lean on him and he’d not push me farther than I could handle. Another part of my heart split off and burnt up at how I was treating him. I couldn’t give him what he needed, but I couldn’t do without him. 
I’m an awful person. 
“Wipe that look off your face or I’ll have him come back in here,” Tali threatened. 
I looked up into her dark eyes. Understanding shone in their depths. The acknowledgement of my duality not lost on my too perceptive best friend. If there were such a thing as magic or the ability to hear thoughts or read auras, then Tali would be one of the special few. She just knew things. Good and bad. And she loved me in spite of it all. 
She wrapped me in her arms and cuddled me for a moment as I awkwardly patted her back. “I thought I’d lost you when you passed out on Dom,” she whispered into my hair. “You’re not allowed to scare me like that, Chase. Not now. Not ever.” She pulled back, her hands on my shoulders. “You understand me?”
I nodded. “I’m sorry. I just thought it was the headache, not that my head was actually bleeding. If I’d known I was bleeding all over, I would have said something.”
She narrowed her eyes at me. 
I spluttered a laugh. “Honest. Blood equals hospital.” I shivered. “I’d submit to a cavity search without lube or prep to avoid being here.”
She snorted. “Yeah. That is true.” She let me go and leaned over to pick up something from the floor. “I brought you some clothes. I had to borrow from Massi, but at least we know they’ll fit.”
I laughed. “Fitting into your clothes would have restricted my blood flow.” 
She chuckled. “Maybe. But you would have looked fiercely sexy as you strutted out of here. Given He Who Shall Not Be Named the what-for as you left.”
My soul shivered at the idea of even his eyes on me. Especially when I couldn’t see him. Never again. I tried for a chuckle since she was trying for a joke. “Oh yeah, bedraggled and crazy hair are such man bait, it’s crazy.”
She lifted her head from her bag search. A bright smile on her face. “Exactly.” She tossed the clothes down on the bed along with a small packet of face wipes. 
“Goddess bless you, Tali,” I leaned up and pecked her cheek. 
She giggled. “You and your goddess. Need help getting out of that gown?”
I eased my feet to the floor, waited for the room to stop spinning and the bone-deep ache to subside. I pressed my toes into the cold floor and got reacquainted with my body in its present state. 
My legs were on fire as my belly tried to decide if it liked its present position. My head finally stopped spinning and the alternating cold and hot flashes subsided as I breathed in through my nose and out through my mouth. “No.” I shook my head. “I think I should be good.” Something else in my body made itself known. “I need to pee though.”
Trembling legs and unsteady feet made for an interesting trip to the bathroom. I thank my personal goddess that handrails were required in hospital bathrooms. Although, slapping down onto the freezing seat at least gave me something else to focus on for a brief moment.
Once I was finished and had washed my hands, I studied myself in the mirror. Smiled. Not the best look of my life. I laughed. Certainly not the worst either. Once I got this makeup off, I’d feel better about a lot of things. 
A loud noise came from outside the door. 
“Yes, she doesn’t belong in here. Remove her.”
No. No. No. No. This couldn’t be happening. I couldn’t feel my fingers as terror seized my brain. The makeup wipe fell into the sink. 
He was here. He was inside my room. Where the hell was Dom?
“You can’t make me leave! I’m her sister. He doesn’t get a say in her treatment,” Tali yelled, her voice sharp as a blade. “Touch me one more time and I’ll have your job, stupido bastardo del cazzo.”
“Doc?” an unknown male said.
“She’s interfering with my treatment, they aren’t related. Get her out of here,” the man from my living nightmares said, his voice low and furious. 
Someone tapped softly on my door three times. Tap, tap...tap
Tali. 
I eased the door open and watched as two security officers physically removed Tali from the room. In the fuss they were making, I snuck out while the main door was still open. 
The pounding in my head worsened as my vision narrowed to a long, blurry tunnel. I had to get out of here. I looked around. Except for the fracas that Tali had created, everything else seemed normal. 
Nurses were busy reading charts or at computers. Other patients were in their beds. Probably enjoying their blitzed out, drug induced sleep.
Where was Dom? He’d promised.
A noise in the room behind me had me turning too fast. My vision flashed to black for a second. A door had slammed. The bathroom I’d vanished from. 
Feeling in my entire lower body disappeared for a second as my poor abused head tried to figure out what the hell I was doing to it. With nowhere else to go and no idea for escape, I slipped into the next room before he could find me. Skittered back behind the curtain of the second bed.
“We’ve got a missing patient, Patty. Sound the alarm,” he said. “She can’t have gone far. Her condition is too bad for her to have run or dodged us.” 
Nurse Patty must not have moved fast enough for him. 
“NOW!” he screamed as it sounded like he slapped the counter of the nurse’s station. 
Shoes squeaked over the floor as nurses rushed to do the illustrious doctor’s bidding. They had no idea what he was capable of. I hoped none of them got in trouble when they couldn’t find me. 
I looked around the sectioned off portion of the room I was squatting in. The man there was sleeping peacefully. A woman about his age was sleeping on the couch against the wall. A bag of clothes sat at the base of the man’s bed. 
I grabbed the bag and looked through it. Winced at the idea of stealing. But I was out of options. If I stayed here, I died. But I also couldn’t leave. Not dressed like a patient. 
I sent up a prayer for forgiveness as I slid the pants on. Thankfully, the guy had some old school sweats that bunched at the ankles and had a drawstring. I pulled the shirt on and dropped the gown. 
I wasn’t going to take the socks. They would lessen my purchase on the floor. I couldn’t afford to slide my way around corners or over the linoleum floors. I did steal one of the strings from his shoes and pulled my hair up and off my shoulders and face. I tucked the tail of it down the oversized shirt. 
Doing a couple leg bends to hopefully loosen the muscles in my thighs, I watched for someone to come check this room for the lost patient. While the coast was still clear, I laid down on the empty bed and closed my eyes. My abandoned hospital gown stuffed under my pillow. 
Moments after I closed my lids, the door opened. I cracked my eyelids to see who it was. Felt my belly relax when it was just a nurse. She slid through the room like a wraith. Shut the door behind her when she found nothing out of the ordinary. 
I waited, the time ticking by in my abused head like a countdown to a bomb. Once I reached sixty, I eased from the bed. Shaking off the lethargy and the need to just close my eyes and sink into oblivion, I slapped myself in the face lightly. 
The muscles of my thighs burned and protested with the movement as I twitched the curtain next to the door to the side slightly. Please let me get away. Please. Please. Please. 
I opened the door, hoped no one noticed my bare feet. I moved out into the hallway like I was supposed to be there. Shut the door softly behind me. I strode with aching, burning purpose towards the elevators. At the last turn, I almost vomited from stress. 
Shit, shit, shit.
He was there. His arms folded over his muscular chest, his glare an unwelcome reminder imprinted on my brain. He looked up at me. He turned, his crystal blue eyes bright and terrifying under the bright fluorescent lights. His sharply styled brown hair lay just so against his head.
He moved in my direction.
The breath backed up in my throat as he headed towards me. At the last moment, he nodded and moved around me. “Excuse me.”
Thank the goddess he hadn’t recognized me. I nodded and kept moving. The emergency stairs were on the far side of the elevators. I couldn’t risk getting stuck in the moving car if he were still searching for me. 
I pushed through the heavy steel door, the cement flooring of the stairwell a hard, welcome jolt to my system. At least I could still feel my toes. 
I started down the stairs, one torturous step at a time. Sweat broke out on my forehead as I rounded the first landing and continued on down. I could feel my feet, but only because the cold kept reminding me they were there. 
With a death grip on the railing, I eased down the next flight. A door slammed open a couple floors up. I huddled next to the wall, my heart trying to beat its way from my chest. 
“Willow?” he called. 
I stuffed a fist in my mouth to keep from screaming. Slid to the floor in a pile as my legs finally gave out. I prayed like I’d never prayed before. My pulse thundered in my ears as my lungs struggled to fight off the adrenaline dumping into my system.
The door right next to me smashed open, the door ricocheting off the wall and almost bouncing shut in one smooth movement. A man stepped through. 
Tall as the Amatucci brothers, he was as light as a spring day. He looked like he could wrestle bears or lions barehanded. His muscles strained the sleeves of his dress shirt. His thighs bulged against the fabric of his pants. 
Blonde hair that fell forward over his forehead, it looked thick and cool to the touch. His grass green eyes were as hard as emeralds as they widened when he caught sight of me close to tears in the stairwell. 
His mouth pulled up in a growl when he looked at me. 
I shrank back from the blatant anger on his face. 
“Willow? Is that you?” my nightmare called again from up above, making me jolt. I’d forgotten I was hiding from him for the briefest moment.
The man opened his mouth. 
Oh sweet goddess. No. Please no. I had to put my life in this angry stranger’s hands and pray he didn’t give me away. 
Forcing myself to look up into his hard, shuttered eyes, I shook my head quickly. Put a finger over my mouth. No longer cold, I was burning up. The tunnel of my vision grew darker. I pushed it aside. I couldn’t let this stranger send me back to hell. 
The blonde-haired man studied me for moments on end. I counted every single heartbeat while he made his decision. All I could hear was the pounding in my head. 
Thud. Thud. Thud.
“No.” His brow furrowed as he answered. He looked almost surprised by his own answer. 
“Is there a woman in a hospital gown down there?” the doctor of hell asked. 
The man looked me up and down. Heat flared in my cheeks as the look of disdain on his face when he studied me. I was embarrassed by my stolen clothes. Could my life get any weirder?
“No,” the man said again. His voice was a beautiful baritone, clear as a bell. He didn’t offer anything else to his explanation. Just a simple, firm negative. 
“If you see a distraught woman in a hospital gown running around the hospital, please do not approach her. She’s dangerous. To herself. To others.”
Shame slid through me like a knife. I wasn’t crazy. Not to anyone normal. Nor was I dangerous. Unless you counted my baking delicious confections a crime. 
I gritted my teeth. I wasn’t crazy. And he couldn’t convince me of it otherwise. Not anymore. I was no longer under his thumb.
I firmed my lips, straightened my shoulders to the best of my weakened ability and looked up at the stranger. I shook my head, laid a hand over my heart. 
The stranger grimaced. “I’ll be sure to tell someone.” 
I wilted, basically collapsed against the cement steps, as the door up the stairs slammed shut once more. “Thank you,” I whispered as my eyes fluttered closed. I hurried to wipe away the tears that leaked from the corners of my eyes. I looked back up at my savior. “Thank you.”
He nodded and stood there for a moment, his gaze running over me again as he crossed his arms. “Technically, I didn’t lie. You’re not in a hospital gown.”
I smiled up at him. Looked down at my stolen clothes. “Indeed.” I grabbed the rail, attempted to stand. 
I fell forward as my legs seized up. 
The stranger was there. His hands slid around my hips. The bite of his grip as I stumbled against him had lights and sirens going off in my mind. 
He smelled like bubble gum and mint. 
“Sure you shouldn’t be in a gown and in a bed somewhere?” he asked, his voice a rumble against my chest. 
I pulled back, hoped my bruised and battered legs would hold me. “I should be, but I’d brave an emotional first-year philosophy student with a scalpel before I’d let him touch me.” I pushed some hair off my forehead. Looked into his eyes. With me a couple steps higher, we were at eye level. 
“Any particular reason for that?” he asked, one darker blonde eyebrow winged up. 
I nodded as I straightened my borrowed shirt. A multitude of reasons, but I wasn’t sharing them with this guy. He’d already saved my life, he didn’t need to get caught up in the drama that was my every day for his reward. 
His lips, full and unfairly pouty, quirked into a smile. “Good girl. Keep those secrets.” He flexed his fingers into my hips. 
My lips parted on a gasp as the delicious pain slid through me again. Complete with that white noise haze of blessed silence. 
He wet his lips as he dropped his eyes to look at my mouth. 
I blinked at him. Knew he didn’t have any idea what he was doing other than helping some poor, supposedly crazy lady in baggy clothes not get caught by a doctor.
“Is savior of the misfortuned your day job or do you moonlight as a superhero?” I asked softly. 
He laughed, low and sexy. His breath panted against my lips. “You’ve definitely got the wrong guy for that one, sweetheart. I’m a chew ‘em up and spit ‘em out kind of guy.”
My lips curled up. “Real bad guy, huh?” The man was probably a pussycat. I knew scary men. This guy wasn’t one of them. 
“Tried and true. Terrified mothers on reference if you need them.” His fingers dug into my hips again before he pulled away. Something darkened his eyes as he looked away. 
I felt the loss of his gaze immediately. As his hands dropped away, the reins of control on the pain inside me loosened. The pain in my body roared back, unmanageable and overwhelming. I hissed in a breath. 
“You need some help down?” he asked. His voice was tight and his mouth was pinched. But it didn’t stop him from offering me his hand.
“Do bad guys help strange women down stairs?” I took his hand and eased to the next step down. 
His lips kicked up at the corner for a sliver of a moment. “Well, I can’t be bad all the time. That would just be exhausting. You caught me on my annual day of redemption.” He curled his arm across my back and over my hip. 
“Pretty sure bad guys don’t care about redemption. But thank you…again.” I gripped his arm as I tried to be fast. He probably had somewhere to be and I was holding him up with my pathetic inability to descend some stairs. 
“You’re welcome. Can I ask what happened?” We finally made it to the next landing. 
My lungs worked overtime as I struggled to put one foot in front of the other. “You can.” I focused on keeping my feet under me. My vision was fading in and out as the pressure built in my chest. 
We descended a few stairs in silence. He chuckled after a minute. “What happened?”
“A jackhole and a table,” I answered. 
His arm jerked around my back. I pitched forward slightly under the movement. He righted me before my body had a chance to follow through. “A man hurt you?”
I shrugged. “Not precisely. He was trying to grab my best friend. I bumped her out of the way. I just missed the table he slammed into me.” I swallowed heavily. My throat felt like the desert. “I’ll be okay.” I patted the arm I was gripping. “You don’t want to waste your redemption day on me. You won’t get enough points.”
He mumbled something against my head that I missed. 
As the next turn for the following landing came, I knew I needed to get flat. As soon as humanly possible. And as far from this hellhole I could manage before I passed out. 
“Do you have a phone, by chance?” I asked him, my entire being focused on the stairs. 
“Need to call someone?” It sounded like he was smiling as he said it. 
I couldn’t spare the movement to check. I just nodded. “I need to call a friend to come pick me up.”
“A boyfriend?” he asked as he eased me against the wall. 
I smiled as my eyelids dipped. “He’s a guy, but I can’t lose him, so we’re just family.”
His brows dropped as his mouth hardened again. “He shouldn’t have left your side. If you were mine, you wouldn’t be out of my sight.”
I blinked a few times. Decided to ignore his last statement. I shrugged. “Boys are a lot of work.”
His face brightened momentarily as he chuckled again. “Pretty sure you meant to say girls are work.”
I snorted softly. “Not into the ladies, but yeah. They are too. Men are weird. Women are crazy. I’d rather be with weird than crazy. Ready for that number yet, Thor?” I rested my overheated head against the cool wall.
I felt his chuckle deep inside my chest. “Definitely not a god, sweets. Real or imagined. Yeah, give it to me.”
I gave him Dom’s number as my brain gave one small, final sickly slide to the side. 
“Shit,” he said as he caught my shoulders before I took a header down the stone steps. “You really should be in a bed.” He pressed my body between his and the wall. The shock of the heat from him in startling contrast to the cold wall cleared my mind for the briefest moment.
I smiled blindly. “Only if it’s yours or mine.” An unwelcome thought exploded through my fuzzy head. My nose wrinkled. “Don’t let him find me.”
The ‘please’ got lost as my mind went dark. 
Chapter 3 – Ryker 
Ten minutes ago

I slammed through the doors of the stairwell. Fucking doctors. If they would just make up their minds and stick to a single course of action, maybe Corrie wouldn’t be stuck in this life-sucking hellhole. 
I jerked to a halt just inside the stairwell, snarled at the person sitting on the steps. If she was here to get some kind of story, I was going to toss her down the stairs and spit on her mangled corpse as I walked out into the night. 
Fucking doctors. Fucking reporters. Someone was going to die. It might as well be her. 
She was in the ugliest clothes I’ve ever seen. She was shaking like a leaf, trembling on the stairs, her fist shoved into her mouth. Haunted eyes wide. 
Not a reporter then. Or a very good actress.
“Willow? Is that you?” A hard male voice asked from a couple floors above. He sounded like an asshole used to getting his way. I couldn’t fault him for that. But I could fault him for being a fucking doctor in this fucking hospital right now. 
The pallid woman looked up at me, her mossy green eyes clouded with pain and terror. She shook her head. 
I imagined that’s what Corrie looked like when the doctors came in and told her what would be happening to her body. Not giving her a say in any part of it. 
Fucking doctors. 
“No.” My mouth answered without conscious direction from my brain. Fuck. Seeing Corrie always screwed me up. I needed to get the fuck out of here if I was trying to help terrified women in stairwells. 
“Is there a woman in a hospital gown down there?” the same man asked. The tone of his voice set my teeth on edge. If I found out this asshole was on my sister’s care team, I’d do whatever was necessary to get him replaced. 
“No.” I spit it out. I needed to get the fuck out of here. Now. This woman was clearly someone else’s problem. I’d gotten the doctor off her tail, she was on her own from here on out.
“If you see a distraught woman in a hospital gown running around the hospital, please do not approach her. She’s dangerous. To herself. To others.” 
I eyed the woman. I didn’t really care if she was off her meds or her rocker. I just wanted out of this situation as quickly as possible. She hadn’t attacked me, so we were square. 
She looked up at me, fire hardened the moss green of her eyes into peridots. She laid a hand over her breast, shook her head. 
My mouth twisted. Shit, she’s trying to be all brave. For just a second, I saw Corrie reflected in this stranger.  “I’ll be sure to tell someone.” There. I’d covered for her all the way through. 
She fell back against the steps. “Thank you.” She wiped her eyes before she looked back up at me. “Thank you.”
I nodded, wondered if I could leave her there. I looked her up and down. She had street clothes on, so technically she should be able to leave the hospital. “Technically, I didn’t lie. You’re not in a hospital gown.”
She smiled and looked at herself. “Indeed.” She grabbed the rail and pulled herself up. 
Then proceeded to fall headfirst down at me. 
Fuck. I reached out, grabbed her hips. My fingers sank into the generous flesh. I tightened my fingers before my brain gave the command. Damn, she felt good. Get your head out of her pants, fucker. You’ve got other things to deal with. 
“Sure you shouldn’t be in a gown and in a bed somewhere?” I asked, my voice a little more gravelly than normal. I bit my cheek hard enough to taste blood. 
She pulled back. “I should be, but I’d brave an emotional first-year philosophy student with a scalpel before I’d let him touch me.” She pushed back some of the hair that had escaped the knot at her nape. She looked into my eyes. 
“Any particular reason for that?” I asked, one brow arching high. No. Damn it. Shut your fucking mouth. You’ve got to go. 
She nodded, fussed with her clothing. 
I waited. Some part of me needed the answer. When she didn’t say anything else, I felt my lips quirk. “Good girl. Keep those secrets.” As the pet name I used for my subs fell from my mouth, I flexed my fingers into her hips again. 
Her lips parted the slightest degree as her pupils blew out...right before they went unfocused. The predator in me was instantly curious. Very few women were into my kind of lifestyle. At least at the level I truly enjoyed it. 
But if she was quaking in fear and could still feel arousal? 
Very curious, indeed. 
I licked my lips as I looked at her mouth. 
“Is savior of the misfortuned your regular job or do you moonlight as a superhero?” she asked, her voice low and sexy. 
I laughed. Oh, pet, if you only knew how wrong that was. “You’ve definitely got the wrong guy for that one, sweetheart. I’m a chew ‘em up and spit ‘em out kind of guy.” Listen to me well, little girl. I don’t play nice. 
Her lips curled up at the corner. “Real bad guy, huh?”
You’ve got no fucking idea. “Tried and true. Terrified mothers on reference if you need them.” I tried to warn her away as I dug my fingers into her hips once more. You couldn’t handle me. And I’m fucking tired of breaking soft women like you. 
She hissed as I pulled my hands away.  “You need some help down?” 
What? No! Drop her ass, get back to the penthouse, and handle this shit with Phillip. I was on the verge of tossing my own ass down the stairs when I offered her my hand. 
“Do bad guys help strange women down stairs?” She took my hand and eased her obviously pained body down the six-inch rise of the step. 
Shut the fuck up. No more talking. “Well, I can’t be bad all the time. That would just be exhausting. You caught me on my annual day of redemption.” Like someone else had taken control of my brain, I felt my hand slide over her hip. My arm angled behind her back. 
“Pretty sure bad guys don’t care about redemption. But thank you…again.” She got a death grip on my hand and hobbled her way down the stairs.
She was slower than my arthritic grandmother during the winter. “You’re welcome. Can I ask what happened.”
“You can.” She was busy watching her feet, her body swayed slightly from side to side. 
I’d learned my lesson the last time. Not a Chatty Cathie, this one. Even more curious. “What happened?”
“A jackhole and a table.”
The idea that some asshole had left her in this condition had my shoulders tensing. “A man hurt you?” The part of me that was still human laughed uproariously. You hurt women all the time, dipshit. What’s with the righteous anger? I told that part of myself to take a fucking hike. It wasn’t the same. My girls didn’t end up in the hospital, scared out of their minds. 
She shrugged. “Not precisely.” She gave me some ridiculous story about her best friend. Somehow it ended with her patting my arm. “I’ll be okay. You don’t want to waste your redemption day on me. You won’t get enough points.” 
“There’s no hope for me anyway,” I mumbled it against her hair as we turned to the second last landing. 
She asked for my phone. “Need to call someone?” About fucking time, pet. 
She nodded, her hair sliding over my chin. “I need to call a friend to come pick me up.”
“A boyfriend?” I eased her against the wall, glad her eyes were mostly closed. I didn’t want to know anything else about her. Just how to get her off my hands. I could find another woman, one who already knew my tastes to ease the ache that had sprung up.
One was just as good as another in my mind. Interchangeable as long as they had working mouths and cunts. 
“He’s a guy, but I can’t lose him, so we’re just family.”
She’s already taken and she flirts like this? And who the fuck lets his woman, even if she was a sister type, run around while she clearly needed medical help? My brow furrowed as my gaze heated. “He shouldn’t have left your side. If you were mine, you wouldn’t be out of my sight.”
She looked up at me. Like a little mouse cornered by a cat, she stilled as she watched me. “Boys are a lot of work.”
I felt the corner of my mouth tick up as a laugh escaped. “Pretty sure you mean women are work.” This one had some of the weirdest thoughts that just fell from her lips. 
She chuckled. Gave me some kind of crap about the differences between men and women. “Ready for that number yet, Thor?”
That pansy in the cape with the long hair? I’d had better for breakfast. “Definitely not a god, sweets. Real or imagined.” I grabbed my phone. “Yeah, give me the number.”
I stabbed it into my phone. Just as I hit the connect button, she listed off to the side. Straight for the fucking steps once again. The woman had a death wish. “Shit.” I caught her before she face planted the rest of the stairs. “You really should be in a bed.” I wedged her body between me and the wall. 
“Only if it’s yours or mine,” she whispered. 
I startled at the idea of her in my bed. 
“Don’t let him find me.”
She went limp. 
Fuck. 
Chapter 4 – Ryker 

I wedged the phone between my chin and my shoulder, waited for it to be picked up on the other end. “Come on.” I eased my body away from the woman and helped slide her down the wall so she was flat on the floor. I watched her chest to make sure it was still moving. 
“Who is this?” a gruff voice demanded over the line. 
“I’ve got a brunette woman in my arms. She’s passed out in the stairwell of General Mercy Hospital.”
“If you’ve hurt her, I’ll fucking tear your life apart,” he said. 
I snarled. “Would I be calling you if I planned to hurt her? Who are you?” I didn’t need this shit on top of the rest of my day. Try to be a good Samaritan and it bites you on the ass.
“Which stairwell?” he demanded.
“Who are you?” People did not talk to me like that. The man obviously had no idea who he was talking to. At the moment, it was not the blessing it usually was. Now it just annoyed the fuck out of me.
“I’m the man who’s going to kill you if you take her somewhere. Where the fuck are you?” 
I cut the call. Slid my phone into my pocket. He obviously didn’t care as much as she thought he did. “Call Baxter,” I said into my watch. The call connected almost immediately. “Meet me at the back entrance. Have the back door open for me.”
I disconnected as I eased my hands under her shoulders and knees. Pulled her body against my chest. Tried to keep the images flashing through my mind to a minimum. Her body was perfect.  
I trotted down the last flight of stairs and walked out the rear exit. The black car slid to a quiet stop as my driver and bodyguard got out from behind the wheel. He darted around the car and opened the back door for me. I laid my package down on the back seat, moved around to the other side of the car and slid in next to her. 
“Let’s go.”
“Where to?” he asked, his voice a gravely whisper. 
“Home. For now.” I pulled my phone from my pocket, dialed my IT expert. “I need a run on a number.” I rattled off the number. 
“It’s almost two in the morning, Ryker,” her voice was smooth and very awake. 
I laughed. “And you’re either still awake or have been for hours. I need it, Nik. Now. Highest accuracy.”
She laughed. “Hang on.” She let out a low whistle after a moment. “What the hell have you gotten into, Ryke?”
“Who is it?”
“Ever heard of the Amatuccis?”
It was my turn to whistle long and low. Looked at the unconscious woman on my car seat. “She’s mixed up with the crime family that rules most of New Trenadie?”
“What?” Nik asked. 
I shook my head. “Nothing. Thanks for checking.” I ended the call before she could ask any more questions. Not that it would stop her from snooping, but at least I wouldn’t have to hear about her findings. 
My phone rang. PRIVATE NUMBER showed on my screen. I clenched my teeth. Hit the accept button. “What?”
“I hope you have your funeral planned already, Ryker Penn. You took what’s ours.”
I smiled. “I’m not afraid of the Amatuccis. Which one are you, by the way? She didn’t get a chance to tell me before she passed out.’
Simmering silence filled the other end of the call. 
I shrugged. Didn’t have time to play in pissing contests. “Well, thanks for calling.” I lowered the phone. 
“Don’t you dare hang up on me,” he shouted down the line. 
“Then start talking.” I waited a beat. Rolled my eyes as he stayed silent. I think I knew where this Willow got her reticence. “Now.”
“Domenico.”
Finally. “And who is she? Some asshole was calling her Willow.”
He inhaled a noisy breath. “You kidnapped her and don’t even know her fucking name?”
“First of all, I didn’t kidnap her. Second, I kept her secret. Helped her escape down the stairs. If you care for her so much, where the fuck were you? Why was she running down the stairs when it looks like she can barely hold her head up?”
“Don’t worry about that, tell me where you are and I’ll take her off your hands.”
“She’s staying in my hands until she tells me, with her own mouth, that she wants to be in yours.” I clenched my fists. Set my back teeth. I wanted to rip something apart. Here was a guy who was more than happy to take her off my hands. What the fuck was I doing playing keep away?
“I swear by all that’s holy to you, if you touch her—”
“We don’t know each other well enough for you to be making that kind of threat. Despite what’s been written about me, I’ve never abused a woman so badly she needed a hospital. And I’m certainly not about to start now with one who is unconscious.” I could feel the adrenaline pumping through my veins. The need to break and maim curled my fingers into fists. 
Domenico blew out a heavy breath. “What the fuck even happened?”
I took a moment to breathe deeply. “I don’t know. I was coming from a different floor. She was on the stairs, looking like death.” I gave him the brief rundown of our acquaintance. 
“I’m going to kill that bastard,” he said under his breath. 
“If he’s the one who made her trust a stranger in a hospital, then I’ll be glad to help hide the body.” I remembered who I was talking to. “Not that you need the help.”
He huffed a breath. “I see you’ve done your research as well.”
“Usually do when people threaten me.”
“Just keep that in mind. Look,” an odd scraping sound came over the line. “My brother is a trained medic. Tell me where you are, he’ll come get her.”
I laughed. “I’m still not handing her over until I hear from her lips that she wants to leave with you. Or your brother.” I tacked the last one before he could say anything. 
The long breath of profanity that blew down the line had me raising my brows. I lived a hard life and don’t know that I would’ve been creative enough to string those together. I might steal them though. They were eloquently brutal. 
“And we’re right back where we started. Who is she?” I asked after he was done. 
“I need your promise of discretion. Anything about her comes out and I find that the leak came from you, there won’t be anything you can do to hide from me.”
I rolled my eyes. “For fuck’s sake, stow the threats. They don’t work on me. What’s her. Fucking. Name?” I enunciated each word, bit it off like I wanted to do to Domenico’s head. 
Seething silence this time. 
I was getting irritated enough that I was about to end the call and refuse to answer again even if he did call back. Threats didn’t work on me. Ever. “You’ve got ten seconds before I hang up this phone, ditch it, and make it so you never find her.”
“Willow Chase,” he said immediately. Pretty sure it was through gritted teeth. 
My eyes widened at the name. “How the fuck did Winslow Chase’s daughter end up in the hospital without the paparazzi going mad?”
“Because we used a fake name, you fucking idiot.”
I brushed that aside. “Why did she run?” I demanded as Baxter looked at me in the rearview mirror. His dark eyebrows raised. 
I nodded at the unspoken question. I had better security in my penthouse than even the Amatuccis could break. There was no place safer for this woman than where I could control access to her. 
“Not your business.”
“It is my business if you want me to hand her over to someone from a notorious crime family. How the hell do I know you weren’t part of the reason she was in the hospital? One of the reasons she ran? What if you’re working with him?” 
I’m a self-serving bastard. If the jerkoff from the hospital got his hands on her and something happened, not only could that bite me in the ass, but I wouldn't be able to look at myself in the mirror. An asshole I may be...but not everyone deserved the rage I kept buried.
“Because I was supposed to protect her!”
I winced at the volume of his voice as I pulled the phone away. My vision went red as I registered his words. “Then no, you can’t have her back. She doesn’t need that kind of security. She’ll be with me until she mends.”
He laughed, the sound big and full. 
I pulled the phone from my ear, gave it an odd glance. Was Domenico crazy?
“Good luck with that. My Will doesn’t do anything she doesn’t want to do.”
The way he said ‘My Will’ curdled my belly with rage. As soon as I thought it, I pushed it away. This woman was nothing to me. An inconvenience, nothing more. Didn’t mean I was going to throw her out on the street, but I certainly wasn’t going to keep her.
“Then, once she’s lucid, we’ll have a conversation. If she wants to leave at that point, she can.” Innuendo coated my tone like a parka on a naked body. I heard the unrestrained emotion in his voice. His need to protect her. 
Damn fool, in my opinion. Women were nothing but sentient playthings. But I wasn’t above twisting the knife. He’d left her alone. Something had happened that was bad enough that she’d needed to run away without being healed. And he’d been nowhere to be found.
His voice was polished steel as he said, “You said threats don’t work on you. Fine. They don’t work on me either. But hear this, Penn. Any harm that comes to her—from a nightmare to a hurt little toe—the payment is tenfold from your flesh. And if that isn’t enough, I’ll take it out of your little sister. Cancer is such a hard life. It would be too bad if she didn’t get her chemo or medication.” I swore I could hear the bastard smile. “Protect Willow like you would Corinne. Better, even. You don’t want me for an enemy.”
He hung up before I could say anything. The fucking asshole had just threatened my sixteen-year-old cancer-ridden half-sister. The sheer frigidity of the threat had me admiring him and planning his downfall in the same thought. 
We pulled into the underground garage of my building. I pulled up the security schematics on my phone. Turned off the garage cameras until I got us into the private elevator. 
Willow was still out, her breathing slow and even as I made sure to tip her head to the side. Choking on her own tongue wasn’t really something I was prepared to deal with. The softness of her lower lip called to me.
But touching women when they were unconscious still wasn’t my kink. I had a lot of them, no lie. But not that one. Besides, my hands were full anyway.
The doors finally slid open and I stepped through the foyer into the living room. I angled off to the right, to the bedroom where I could put Willow down. 
I slid her onto the bed, made sure to keep her head turned to the side slightly. The clothes she had on bagged and bulged against her frame. The soft skin of her belly peeked from beneath her shirt. 
I wanted to touch that strip of pale flesh. See if it was as silky as it looked. 
I clenched my teeth. Get her situated, dickhead, then get back to work. The night’s not nearly done. You’ve done your good deed for the decade. Accept it. Move on. 
Switching on the bedside lamp, I walked out the door. Back in the living room, I headed towards the kitchen. Opened the fridge, got a bottle of beer. Popping the top, I tipped my head back and gulped it down. 
Shit. What had I gotten myself into? I should call Domenico back, tell him to come pick her up. She was an inconvenience I didn’t need. A responsibility I shouldn’t have. Part of me scoffed. I shouldn’t be in charge of anyone’s health or wellbeing. 
I was good at writing checks and being an asshole. The people who depended on me ended up broken and used. 
The memory of Willow’s pained green eyes swam in front of my mind’s eyes. Something in that pain had called to me. Sunk its claws deep inside the husk of a chest I had and ripped open the crusty shell of my heart. 
I took another swig of beer. I’d just have to make it scab over again. Make sure Willow got dropped off in Amatucci’s hands and be done with her. I’d saved her from the asshole and kept her secret. In my book, that put me one up.  
I finished off my beer and headed down the hallway to my home office. I checked on Willow again, made sure she hadn’t swallowed her tongue. I couldn’t have her dying while in my hands. My responsibility. Whatever. 
Putting my hand down by her nose and mouth, I waited for the slight puff of air. 
And waited. 
Shit. Where was it? Why wasn’t she breathing? I dragged her body flat, turned her up on her side. That’s what’s supposed to happen for unconscious people, right?
Laying my head against her back, I held my breath as I waited for the sound of her heartbeat. Almost shouted for fucking joy when it came. It was so slow. Practically nonexistent. 
Scrambling for my phone, I hit the redial button. 
“What?”
“She’s not breathing and her heart rate is slowing,” I told Domenico. “Send your brother. Now.” I hung up again as I pulled her to the floor. I could do CPR. 
Thank shit I kept my certification up. I tipped her head back and pinched her nose. I sealed my mouth over hers, blew a hard breath into her mouth. I kept my gaze on her chest. Prayed it rose. 
As it did, I sent a thank you out to whoever was listening. I gave her another breath. Her chest rose again. I started compressions. 
“Oh, oh, oh, oh, staying alive. Staying alive,” I whispered the words to myself to stay on rhythm. 
My phone buzzed as I hit thirty chest compressions. I tipped my head to look at my watch. PRIVATE NUMBER glared on the small screen. 
As I leaned down to give her another breath, I hit the watch’s face with my hand to open the call. “Speak.” I gave her a breath. Watched her chest. 
“I need the code,” a different male voice said. 
“Name?” I said before I gave her another breath. 
“Amatucci, Rafael.”
I gave him the code as I shifted back to chest compressions. The line disconnected as the elevator dinged quietly in the background. 
“Hold on for me, Willow. Just a little bit longer. Hold on for me.” I said, singing the old BeeGee’s song in my head. Another round of breaths. Another round of compressions.
“Where are you?” Rafael called after a couple minutes. 
“Hallway on the right, first door on the left,” I shouted as I got her ready for another round of rescue breaths. 
His running feet sounded down the hall. “How long have you been doing CPR?” he asked as he got his gigantic bag situated. He grabbed her wrist, watched his watch as he listened. 
“This is the third cycle. I just checked her on my way to the office. I couldn’t get any breath to puff against my palm. I rolled her up on her side, listened for her heartbeat. It was slow. Too fucking slow.”
He cursed and dropped her wrist. “I’ve got no heartbeat.” He moved to her head, fitted a bag with an attached mask over her nose and mouth. “Clear.” 
I lifted my hands away as I tried to get my own heart to go back to some kind of normal rhythm. 
He pressed two full squeezes into her airways. “Go.”
I leaned up on my knees, started compressions again. “Staying alive. Staying alive,” I muttered to myself. 
Rafael chuckled as he got his defibrillator charged and ready. “One way to stay on tempo.”
“Ready whenever you are,” I said. 
He cut her shirt away. 
I had to bite my lip at all of her exposed skin. She was fucking gorgeous. The perfect amount of tits that slimmed into the sexiest waist I’d ever seen. Her baggy sweatpants hid her hips and thighs, but I’d held her in my arms. I could imagine exactly what she looked like. Perfection.
“Eyes on the prize or I’ll gut you like a fucking fish,” Rafael said, not looking away from his AED. 
“Shock advised. Charging,” the machine said. 
“Shit. Clear,” he called. 
I got my hands off her body right as he hit the button. I wanted to rage at him, but if she were mine, I wouldn’t fucking care if someone else was touching her while I tried to save her life. 
Her body clenched and danced for a moment as the little machine did its thing. Once her body was still again, Rafael leaned down and listened for breath sounds. 
He placed the bag back over her mouth. “Get fucking ready.” His voice was hard. I admired his control.
I shook my arms out as he forced air into her lungs. As soon as he had the bag lifted away, I started on compressions again. 
“Stand clear. Analyzing. Shock advised. Charging,” it announced. 
I cleared my hands as Rafael hit the button. I clenched my hands into fists and fought not to beat at the floor as we waited in silence for the machine’s next prompt. 
“Continue CPR,” the AED instructed. 
I placed my hands between her breasts and began compressions again. Sent up another prayer. I hadn’t prayed more or harder in any part of my life previously. 
She coughed, her chest contracting under my hands. The sound was like angels singing. She groaned and tried to cough again. 
Rafael rolled her to her side. “Get me a shirt.” He didn’t look at me, didn’t even bother turning his head. 
I pushed to my feet and jogged to my bedroom. Grabbing the first clean shirt I could put my hands on, I was back in the guestroom as fast as possible. 
“Rafe?” Her voice was weak and trembled. “Where am I?”
I handed Rafe the shirt. “You’re at my house.”
“Out,” he called. The man ignored me as he tended to his charge. 
I bit back the urge to smash his face in and pull her into my arms. What the fuck? She’s not mine. And I don’t need another clingy woman in my life. I pushed the thoughts aside. “You good, sweets?”
“Thor, is that you?”
A fierce smile pulled at my mouth. “Yeah.”
Rafael snorted. 
I ignored him. “You good?” I asked her.
“Yes. Thank you.”
I backed out of the room, went back to the kitchen. Got another beer. Downed it. Glared out the windows to the writhing city of New Trenadie in the distance. I needed to call Synra if I was feeling this hard up for a woman. I didn’t do hearts and romance. Whips, floggers, clamps. Pain. Those were my calling cards. They were the only love notes I left, and they were in the skin of my partners. 
Time for Ms. Willow Chase to exit my life as quickly as she’d come into it. 
Chapter 5 – Willow 

Rafe’s warm hands supported me as I tried to get my fuzzy brain to clear. He helped me get the t-shirt on and my arms through the sleeves. “Where am I again?”
He pulled the material down my torso. “Ryker Penn’s penthouse apartment downtown. He rescued you from the hospital.” 
I shook my head. “What happened? Last thing I knew I was trying to escape from the hospital room. Where was Dom?” I heard the betrayal in my voice. Hoped the youngest Amatucci brother hadn’t. 
“He got a call. Someone said Momma had fallen, that she’d been taken to the emergency department.” Rafe’s voice was a hard, sharp blade.
Once he got me situated to his liking, he turned me and propped me up against the raised bed. He looked at my eyes, pulling the lower lids down softly. “Follow my finger with just your eyes.”
I obediently moved my eyes from left to right. 
He let out a huge breath. “Thank fuck. Your eyes are tracking and your pupils are the same size.” He reached forward, poked gently at the back of my head. “Any pain or pressure?”
I analyzed the touch. “Do it again.”
He probed his fingers against my scalp.
“No. Nothing. Just you on my scalp. My scalp isn’t even tender.”
He sank back on his heels. “Good, Will. That’s really good.” He took an odd looking device that most closely resembled a plastic gun from his bag. Aimed it at my forehead. When it beeped, he took it down, read it. “No fever.” 
He laid his fingers along the outside of my wrist just under my thumb. “Pulse is good.”
My belly growled. 
One of his brows raised. “Did you pass out because you’re hungry, Willow Koa?” He glared at me. 
I shrugged. “Not my fault no one gave me anything to eat.”
He ran a hand through his long hair, gave it a pull as he beseeched the ceiling. “Help me, father, before I sin.”
I snorted. His lapsed Catholicism made the oddest appearances. Usually in frustration with me or Tali. 
He pushed to his feet, repacked his bag. “Want to try standing?”
I nodded. My legs were still killing me and sitting propped up like this was making the deep ache worse. I raised my hands.
He lifted me to my feet and held me while I fought the spinning room. After a couple deep breaths, I nodded. The room was stable and my vision was back to normal. I didn’t even feel hot.
I shook out my legs, tried to get the pins and needles feeling to dissipate. Once I could put my feet on the floor without that sharp prickly feeling, I took a couple test steps. Nodded. Everything was in working order. 
My stomach growled again. 
Rafe laughed as he hefted his bag to his shoulder. “Let’s see if Penn’s got some food. Then I’m taking you home.” He reached out a hand. 
I took it and followed him from the room. 
Moments later, we were in one of the most starkly beautiful interior spaces I’d ever been. And considering I baked for a very exclusive clientele, that was saying something. My breath backed up in my throat as I took in the midnight views of my favorite city, New Trenadie. 
A mix of old and modern buildings dominated the skyline. Streaks of brake lights and headlights littered the ground even at this time of night. New Trenadie was a city that never slept. And I loved everything about her. 
“Got any snacks, Penn?” Rafe asked from behind me.
I turned to see my host. 
“I’m sure you can manage on your own, Amatucci. There are tons of places still open at this time of night,” Ryker said, glaring at me. 
I wondered what had crawled up his butt. Then again, it didn’t really matter if he’d truly saved me from the hospital and again just moments ago. He deserved my gratitude.
I walked over to him slowly. The aching in my legs pounded through my head with each ginger step. I held out my hand. “I need to thank you. I hear you were the one to save me.”
He looked at a loss for words for a moment. Hesitantly, as if he was afraid I’d bite it, he slid his palm over mine. “Don’t mention it.” His brow furrowed as he looked from me to Rafe. “Is amnesia normal?”
To the left, Rafe shrugged. “By your own admission, you just want her gone. We’ll be going now. Thanks for the assist.” He dipped his head and pulled my hand from Ryker’s. “Come on, Will. It seems your knight in shining armor has dismounted. We’re gone.”
“Uh. Okaaay.” I waited for Ryker to look at me. “Thanks again.”
He nodded, a scowl on his face. “Stay out of hospitals if you can manage it.”
I growled at him. “It wasn’t my choice to go, but I’ll keep that in mind.” Asshole. Who willingly went to hospitals?
He lifted a mostly empty beer bottle in my direction.
I turned and followed Rafe to the elevator. “What’s his deal?” I asked as the doors slid shut behind us. 
Rafe shrugged. “No idea. He was all kinds of determined to keep you with him until you could tell him yourself that you wanted to leave. But he was quick to call Nico when you stopped breathing.”
My eyes widened as the elevator car zipped to the basement at what felt like Mach one. Something about Ryker was niggling at the back of my brain, but I couldn’t figure it out. I shrugged. Oh well. The man seemed like an asshole who was too used to getting his way. Since I had the Amatucci brothers to deal with for the same things, I just let it drop. I had enough on my plate as it was. 
Two Amatucci soldiers were standing at the elevator doors in the garage. They turned, hands on their hips under their jackets. When they saw who it was, they stood upright, their hands back at their sides. 
“Home. Now,” Rafe commanded. He helped load me into the SUV that was illegally parked in the loading zone. 
I settled back against the heated seats and rested my eyes. “So what happened with Ryker?”
He gave me a brief rundown. “Then as soon as I asked him for some food for you, he invited us to leave.” He shot me a wry smile. 
I laughed around my shock. “You mean he kicked me out.” I crossed my arms. I don’t know why I was expecting human decency from a powerful man like Ryker Penn. But I was a little insulted by his rudeness. 
Rafe patted my leg softly. “We’ll get you some food, Will. I won’t even make you beg for it.” He shot me a wink in the low light. 
I intertwined my fingers with his. “My hero.”
Rafe snorted. “You called Penn ‘Thor.’”
I jerked back. “No, I did not.” No way. I wasn’t a dumb little girl who believed in fairytales or superheroes. I knew exactly what this world held and it wasn’t anything that brilliant and happy. 
Rafe chuckled. “Yeah. You did. Your voice was all weak and scared. Very melodramatic. Probably gave Penn a stiffy just thinking about being your superhero.”
I slapped his shoulder. “Gross.” I shuddered. Sex was so far down my priority list as to be nonexistent. Even with a sexy specimen like Ryker Penn…I just wasn’t interested. He probably thought flowers and chocolates were the way into a woman’s heart. 
That wasn’t me. Hell, that hadn’t been me even before I’d married the spawn of the devil. After living with said devil for five years…I brushed the thoughts away. What I liked wasn’t really accepted. Better to have a trusty vibrator than deal with the real-life version. 
At least my vibrator didn’t make me feel like a freak. 
The car came to a gentle stop at the corner the Amatuccis ruled from. They’d bought up the entire block over the years. One of the abandoned warehouses was retrofitted into a set of exclusive apartments. I was lucky enough to live in one of them. 
Rafe came around and opened the door for me. Handed me out. “Let’s get you home. I’ll have Nico or Turo scrounge up some dinner. I think Momma still has some lasagna if you want.”
I moaned. “That’s a stupid statement. I’ll always want Momma’s lasagna.”
He smirked as he unlocked the door for me and allowed me to pass in front of him. He caught up with me at the stairs and helped me climb them. Tali and I shared the second floor although we had two separate spaces. 
We were also sandwiched between the brothers’ floors. “You can live anywhere you want. But your brothers will be living there, too. It’s not up for discussion. You will be safe. Especially in my neighborhood.” Arturo Amatucci wasn’t a man you wanted to fight with. 
Unless you were his mother or his father. I got to tease Arturo Amatucci, but I never argued with him. Not in public. 
While I knew how they made their money and status, I preferred their dealings to the ones my biological parents traded in. The Amatuccis were upfront and quite honest in their ruthlessness and shady societal morals. I never knew where I stood with my own parents. I couldn’t imagine how their business partners felt. 
Rafe knocked on Tali’s door as I accessed my own. “She’s back.”
Tali’s door whipped open, showcasing my sister. Her cotton robe hung loosely from her frame. She must have gone home alone tonight. Otherwise the slut gear would be in evidence. Her cotton shorts and tank top looked like heaven. 
I was already jealous. “Well come on in. Just bring the lasagna.” I hurried through my front door and through the open space of my loft. Everything was out in plain view except the bedroom and bathroom. Those were sectioned off behind frosted glass walls. I had curtains on the inside I could pull for more privacy if I wanted them, but I usually just left them open. I needed the sun, the openness. 
I passed through the sliding glass door of my bedroom and headed straight for the closet near the back left corner. Stripped my borrowed clothes off as I went. The shirt I was wearing wasn’t nearly as large as the pants. And it certainly smelled better as well. 
Bubble gum and mint. 
I bunched the cloth up to my face, took a deep inhale. Dreams floated through my mind. “I’m a chew ‘em up and spit ‘em out kind of guy.” I didn’t quite recognize the voice, but it brought a burgeoning heat to my core. 
“Chase, you good?” Tali asked from my bedroom door. 
I dropped the shirt, pushed the dreams away. I don’t recall ever having that kind of discussion. Let alone with a man who smelled like a minty gumball. “Yeah. Just getting changed.” I untied the knot in the sweatpants and let them drop to the floor. 
I turned, hit the light. A tall mirror stood opposite me, leaning against the wall. I sucked in a breath at the sight of the bruises that bisected my thighs. At least a foot wide, they covered both of my thighs from edge to edge. 
The middle of the bruises was a nasty blackish purple color that would have made a great evening dress shade. But punched into my skin, it kind of made me want to curl up in a ball and scream. 
The colors eased into a lavender color near the outer edges. I ran my fingers over the discolored skin. Heat pumped from it. Without thinking about it, I pressed my fingertips into the abused tissue. 
Pain, sharp and heady, bloomed. My eyes fluttered shut as my body swayed. I raised my hand from my leg. Tali was going to burst in here in moments. I couldn’t be seen causing myself pain. 
They didn’t understand. To them, all pain was bad. All bad, all the time. Not so for me. 
I also knew it made them uncomfortable that I had a more complicated relationship with it. So, for their sakes, I kept a lid on it. Or tried to. 
I turned and grabbed a pair of yoga shorts and a sports bra. Slipped them on over my nakedness. The shorts were the most comfortable things I owned and wouldn’t put any undue stress or restriction on my healing legs. 
I made my way back out to the living space. Rafe and Tali were watching my door as I came out. Rafe looked me up and down. Winced when he saw my legs. 
Tali burst into tears. 
I hurried, as much as possible, and pulled her into my arms. I petted a hand down her hair as she wept against my chest. “This isn’t your fault, Tali. It’s just a stupid accident. I’m sorry.”
I’d known she was going to blame herself. She usually did. But this had been my own fault. Plain and simple. I was as protective of Tali as her brothers, even if I didn’t express it the same way. I had yet to add to a body count. Unless one counted the damaged sperm on countless men. Those possible murders numbered in the millions, I’d be willing to bet. 
After a moment, she quieted. Pulled back in my arms, searched my gaze. “Rafe said you don’t remember everything after you escaped the room.”
I shook my head and wiped at her cheeks. “No. The last thing I remember was sneaking into the neighboring room and stealing clothes. That’s it.” When she looked steadier, I took a stool next to her. 
The slight burning stretch in my legs felt good. “Can I have some lasagna now?” 
Rafe had a plate of steaming Italian goodness ready for me. Fork at the ready. “Slow. And take sips of water. Trauma and empty stomachs don’t really go well together.”
I nodded as I blew over the mountain of pasta noodle, cheese, red sauce, and meat. “Promise.”
“Nico was about to call in the troops to find you,” Tali said, her voice quiet. 
I winced as the bite I’d slid over my lips burnt the roof of my mouth. “What happened? Rafe said he got a fake call?”
I chewed quickly, took a sip of water to cool the burning. 
“When you went to the bathroom, Nico got a call. It was a hospital number, ER department. They said they were calling about Mama. He was needed downstairs because she was unresponsive and he’s listed as her medical power of attorney.”
My eyes widened. “Is she okay though? It was a fake call, right? Mama’s fine?” My belly clenched for entirely different reasons. 
Both Rafe and Tali nodded. “Yeah, she and Papa are across the street, sleeping,” Tali added. 
My heart eased out of my throat. “Good.” I took another sip of water. “That’s good.”
“By the time Nico got back up to your room, they had the floor locked down. He wasn’t allowed in or out because of a missing patient.” Tali’s eyes narrowed. “How did you manage to get out?”
“When I got your knock signal on the door, I eased out behind you. I’d heard his voice through the door. Heard the security guys haul you off. I guess he was still in the room looking for me.” I shrugged. The goddess must have been watching out for me like crazy. 
“Once the floor had been reopened, Nico got a call saying that some guy—Ryker Penn—had you in a stairwell,” Rafe said, picking up the story as Tali stole a bite of my lasagna. “Penn hung up on him.”
My eyes widened. “Penn hung up on Dom? Does the idiot have a death wish?”
Both Rafe and Tali chuckled. “Apparently.” Rafe waved that aside. “Nico wants you to call him when you’re ready.”
I nodded. Looked around for my phone. Shit. “Do you know where my stuff got put?”
Both siblings shook their heads. 
I tried to think of what all I’d had with me. Phone, bank card, lipstick. It was all my stupidly tiny purse could hold. Tali hadn’t allowed me to take my big purse with me to the club. 
The club. 
“What happened at Chaos?”
Rafe snarled. “The fucking bastard who touched Tali and slammed the table into you was handed over to the police.”
I winced. “The police showed up?”
Tali grabbed my hand. “Chaos is clean, Chase. You know that.” 
I did. But it didn’t make me feel any better about bringing law enforcement down on my adopted family. I mouthed ‘sorry’ to Rafe. 
He waved it off. “The guy was either going to end up dead or behind bars. This way, Mas doesn’t have another ghost.”
I bit my lip. Massimo Amatucci was the enforcer for the family. The quiet, withdrawn man lived with ghosts. Had, even before he became a made man for the family. “Is he back?” I asked. 
Rafe nodded. “He was already on his way home when I called him.”
“Who was Mr. Touchy?” I asked. 
Tali snorted. “Mr. Everett Cavendish, III.” She wiggled her brows. 
I snorted, forcing hot meat sauce up towards my nasal cavity. Water poured from my eyes as I tried to not aspirate on lasagna. Once I got myself under control, I took a big drink of water. “Seriously? The third Cavendish? What happened to the first two?”
“Still alive,” Rafe answered. “For now. They’re getting a visit in the morning.”
I stilled. The idiot had messed with the wrong family.
I leaned back, my belly finally full. Almost too full. I laid a hand over it, felt sleep invade my brain. “I’m about to fall asleep.”
Tali grabbed my hand. “I can stay here if you need me to.”
I shook my head even as Rafe said, “Yes. She needs to be woken up at least twice during the night. Nothing major, but since she passed out in Penn’s place, we need to make sure she doesn’t have a brain bleed.”
I sighed. “I’m right here, you know?”
Rafe smiled, blew me a kiss. “And right here is where you’ll be staying. You’re not allowed to ditch us that easily.” The smile fell away as he studied me. After a long moment of silence, he said, “You scared us today, Willow.” 
Tali nodded. “All of us.”
Guilt and shame barreled through me. Except for the Amatuccis, no one bothered to worry about me. That they had been scared, because of my actions, was like a donkey kick to the belly. 
I swallowed. “I’m sorry. It won’t happen again.”
Tali wiped at her eyes. “No, it won’t. Because after this, you’re getting some lessons on self-defense and anything else I want you to do.”
Rafe’s wide smile told me at least these two of the Amatucci children had been plotting against me. 
I sighed. “Fine.”
Both Rafe and Tali looked like I’d volunteered for sex slavery. “What?” I asked, looking between them. 
“Should we take her back to the hospital? Is there a private clinic we could go to? Do you have any assessments, Rafe? Is she okay?” Tali grabbed my hand in hers. Squeezed like I was a lifejacket and she was about to drown. 
“I’m not going back to the hospital if it means I chain myself to the toilet. Not happening.” I shook my head. “Besides, I made the goddess a promise. If I got out of this shit with just some muscle bruising, I would finally take your Krav Maga classes.”
The Amatucci siblings eased back, their expressions full of worry. “Are you sure you’re okay?” Rafe asked. “You’ve been against any kind of training for a long time, Will. We understand it, respect your decision. We can protect you.”
Except when false calls were placed. The thought slid through my mind, unbidden. Unwelcome. I bit my lip. It wasn’t their fault that Dom had been called away. It was his. Ethan Embry Errington, MD, PhD., and head of trauma surgery. 
I was tired of living in fear of him. If I’d known how to protect myself, maybe none of this would have happened. 
Him.
My ex-husband.
My abuser.
Chapter 6 – Willow 

“You can sleep with me, Tali,” I said as Rafe kissed my forehead and left for his first floor apartment. 
She gave a sexy purr. “Anytime, anywhere.” She blew me a kiss. 
I laughed. “I said sleep. You can’t get in my pants that easily.”
“Pfft. I could if I wanted to. I know all the tricks.” She helped me from the stool, holding my hands as I waited for the trembling in my legs to stop long enough for me to walk. 
“Yeah, because I taught them to you,” I said. 
“And the student becomes the master.” 
I snorted. “Maybe with the weak willed men you tend to surround yourself with. I think there’s a closet sub in there somewhere. Even if just in the bedroom.”
She laughed, the sound big and beautiful. “Oh girl. I’d eat a man like that alive. No one gets to tell me what to do.”
“Except for the boys and Papa,” we said in unison. Smiled at each other. 
“And they don’t count,” she said as we stepped around my oversized couch. “Besides, I think I’m going to take a page from your book and swear off men completely. They are so much work.”
“Pretty sure you mean women are work.”
I blinked as the words flitted across my mind. I shook my head clear. I could have sworn I knew that voice, I just couldn’t place it. 
“Chase?” Tali asked as we stopped at the foot of my bed. “Did you hear me?”
I shook my head. “No. Sorry. What did you say?”
“Do you want right or left?”
“Left,” I called as I hobbled to the en suite bathroom. I brushed my teeth, washed my face, and ran a brush through my hair. That’s as good as it was going to get tonight. My system was starting to crash and I just wanted to get horizontal. 
I came back out into the bedroom, barely kept from just plopping into the fluffy blankets and soft bed. I eased down, slid under the covers. 
Tali leaned over, kissed my forehead. “’Night, Chase. Love you.”
“Love you, too, Tali. Happy sleep.”
I was out as soon as my head hit the pillow. 
Chapter 7 – Ryker 

“Please, Mr. Penn. Please,” her voice was high pitched and shaky as she begged me. The muscles of her legs stood out in relief as she straddled the Hitachi without coming. If she came without permission, everything would end. 
The worst sort of torture for a masochist was no torture at all. 
I flicked the chain that connected the clover clamps attached to each of her nipples. Her body rippled as I forced more sensation on her. I leaned down, grabbed her chin. Bringing her face up to mine, I took her mouth. Claimed her lips and tongue with my own. 
As she was sinking into the kiss, I pulled away. Pushed her head down to my waiting cock. As her lips closed around the mushroom head, I wrapped a hand around her throat and squeezed. 
Synra had a list of hard limits that I could count on one hand. She loved everything right on the edge. And I loved giving it to her. 
With almost clinical detachment, I monitored her body. The red flush of her face, the straining of her muscles. The size of her pupils. When her cheeks went from red to slightly purple, I eased the pressure in one smooth motion. 
She gulped in a breath, my dick in the way. 
Wrenching a hand in her hair, I fisted it and pulled her head back so she could breathe unencumbered. “Come, pet. Come for me, little girl.”
Her scream almost shattered my eardrums. But that scream was what I needed to find my own release. 
My dick pulsed and jizz pumped from the end and landed on her quavering breasts as the Hitachi worked her unrelentingly. I reached down, scooped some of it up on my finger, and shoved my finger in her mouth. 
Her tongue attacked my digit as if it were my cock. Sucking, biting, licking. This woman had a truly impressive mouth. 
Her brow furrowed as the Hitachi continued to buzz against her clit. 
I pulled back, turned off the machine, and waited for her to come back to me. 
She slumped back on the floor, her legs spread wide. Her cunt bright red and dripping. Her chest was heaving as she lay there, eyes closed. Small moans tumbled from her throat as she came down from the endorphin high. 
I cleaned myself off. Got back into my clothes. My nose wrinkled at the smell of them. I would need to get these cleaned really well before wearing them again. 
Synra curled up on her side. Her legs came up, putting her into the fetal position. 
I grabbed a bottle of water and the blanket my subs used for aftercare. Wrapped her up, made sure the lights were on low. 
I provided for them, but I didn’t do snuggles or cuddles. We were adults who shared some distinct sexual interests. I wasn’t my subs’ boyfriend or lover. Zero emotions were exchanged. Just bodily fluids. 
I closed the door behind me as I walked back up the stairs to my penthouse. The subs were free to use the space I provided for them for as long as they wanted. As long as they followed the rules. 
Reaching my floor, I punched in the code to the door and walked into the kitchen. Got a bottle of water for myself. Chugged it down. Crumpled the bottle and tossed it in the trash. 
I gritted my teeth. Dissatisfaction nagged at me, dug its talons into my flesh. None of the scenes I planned out were good enough. None of them took me to that place anymore. Brought me the escape they used to. 
Sure, I got off—I was a healthy guy after all. But lately, there has been something missing. I tried harder and harder scenes. Scenes that demanded my complete attention. Any lapses could result in severe trauma or hospital runs. I prided myself on being a good Dom. 
But it was all becoming routine. Boring. I shuddered…vanilla. 
My phone rang, distracting me. I frowned at the name that popped up on the display. I hit the connect button. “It’s three in the morning, John. What the fuck could you possibly need to talk about right now?”
“I’ve got trouble.”
My brow furrowed. “And you called to tell me that why?”
“Because you’re the only one who can help me out of it.”
I snorted. Loudly. “No, I’m not. I bought your company three years ago. Our association ended when the ink was dry on the contracts.”
“Listen up, boy,” he sneered the last word. “You’re going to help me out of this or I’ll start a media and legal shitshow you can’t crawl out of.”
My fist clenched around the phone, a low metallic groan sounded. “Careful, old man. I can bury you and no one looking would ever find the body.”
He laughed. It bordered on hysterical. “If this gets out, no one will want to find me.”
I smiled. “There you go. Just leave whatever it is alone and go to your death quietly.” I hung up. Why the men my dead father considered friends called me up expecting me to solve their numerous problems was always so baffling. 
They meant nothing to me. Less than nothing really. Just companies to acquire. Money to be made. They were a dying breed of Old School Boys who thought that being white and having dicks meant the world owed them. 
My phone rang again. I ignored it. I didn’t have time to coddle some old man about his life problems. I didn’t care about his troubles or issues. I had enough of my own to deal with. 
The ringing phone finally died off. It wasn’t even a minute later that it started up again. I sighed. Picked it up. “What the fuck do you want, John?”
“Don’t you ever hang up on me again, you little shit. My boy got into some trouble at some ridiculous bar in the District,” the old man growled. 
I sighed again. “And? Let him pay the fines. He’s a fucking adult. He needs to learn that consequences accompany actions.” It’s what my father had taught. I hope he was still burning in hell. 
“If he gets charged, Harvard won’t accept him.”
“Did he do what he’s being charged for?”
John snarled. “That doesn’t matter. He’s my son. I can’t have my name pulled through the mud.”
I shook my head. “And you think I can change the police or the DA’s mind?”
“Throw some of the money you made from selling my company. You owe me. Grease whatever palms need greasing. He can’t be charged.”
“No. I bought your company, you signed on the dotted line. I don’t owe you anything. What I made in return for your company is my business. It is not a line of credit or anything else. Mine.” 
He gave a chuckle, the sound gurgled over the phone. “You’re going to do what I tell you, without any more fucking talk back, and you’re going to like it.”
I laughed. Laughed so long and loud my cheeks hurt and my belly started to ache. “You’ve got nothing, you asshole.”
“Are you sure about that?” he asked. 
“Yup. I keep my nose clean. You’re used to dealing with my father and his shady practices. I built my company on being straight and following the law. Nothing you have is going to make me help you or your dipshit son. What are the charges anyways?”
He ignored my question. “Last chance, Penn.”
I sighed. “Fine, I’ll play your game.” I set the phone on speaker and started typing out a message to Nik. “What have you got on me?”
“Seems you’re wrapped up with the Amatucci family. You also kidnapped a patient. I’ve got hospital security footage of you carrying an unconscious woman from the premises. That patient was registered as lost in the hospital system.” I could hear the smile on the bastard’s face over the line. He was having a fucking riot. 
I was silent as I tried to figure out what to do. 
“Have I got your attention now?”
“Yes.” I abandoned the text to Nik. I hit a couple buttons on my phone. Brought up a different number. 
“Good. At the start of the business, you’re going to call up your friend the DA. You’re going to personally vouch for Everett being with you. He couldn’t have done what he’s being accused of because he was with you. You’re going to donate however much you need to in order to get all of this swept under the rug.”
“And if I don’t?” I asked, my fingers flying over the screen of my phone. 
“Then I’ll be releasing information in the kidnapping of one Willa Chasebrook. The police will be on your doorstep before I’m done placing the concerned citizen’s call.”
“I didn’t kidnap her. Nor is she here.”
“I don’t fucking care if you threw her off your roof and she’s splattered on the sidewalk somewhere. Do what I tell you, little boy, and all of this will go away.”
I sneered. “If you think I’m going to forget the fact that you’re blackmailing me, then you need to go see a professional, John. But sure, I’ll go talk to the DA. See what I can do.”
“Good boy,” he said. Right before he hung up on me. 
I hit a couple more buttons before opening the phone app again. I thumbed through the recent call list. Hit the number I wanted. 
“Someone better be dying,” the gruff voice said. 
“Seems we have some business to attend to,” I said. 
Chapter 8 – Willow 

I groaned as I rolled over. My legs felt like they each weighed a thousand pounds. From my hips to my toes, everything hurt. Pretty sure even my knee pits hurt. How was that even possible?
I eased my feet over until they dangled over the edge of the bed. The rest of my legs felt like I had steel in my veins that kept them from bending. I looked down. The bruising had spread. 
Blacks, blues, purples, and reds decorated me from mid-thigh down. I twisted my legs to the side. Instead of the colors staying on top of my legs, it had wrapped me in the colors until each leg looked like some kind of gothic candy cane. 
“Holy cannoli,” I muttered. Mmm. Cannoli. My stomach chose that moment to assert its dominance in our relationship. It grumbled. 
Loudly.
Tali turned over. “I heard that. Time to feed the beast.” 
I looked over my shoulder, watched her get out of bed. Even in her cotton PJs, she looked like a model. Not a single strand of greasy hair or bags under her eyes. If I didn’t love her, I’d hate her. 
I turned back around to my side of the bed and tried to scoot to the edge of the bed so I could stand up. There was no scooting, no inching, no nothing except bouncing on my butt. In the end, I rolled onto my side. My legs were stiff as boards. “Um, Tali?”
“Yeah?” she called from the open bathroom door. 
“I can’t move my legs.”
“What the hell?” I heard the toilet flush and the faucet run briefly. She came flying out, one of my towels in her hands. She jerked to a stop when she saw me. “Oh, my cheese-its. Chase.” She brought her gaze to mine. “I’m such an asshole.” She buried her face in the towel as her shoulders shook. 
“Hey. I’m the only one who gets to call you that and since you haven’t earned it in a long time, you don’t get to say it now.” I sat up, grabbed her shirt, brought her closer to me. “What’s all this?” I pulled the towel down so I could see her face. 
Tears rimmed her lashes. “If I hadn’t told you to come out, none of this would have happened. You’re busted up because I wanted some company.”
I laughed. “You know me better than that, Talia Maria. I needed to get out of the house. You know that. I went willingly.”
She snorted. 
“Fine, I went begrudgingly. But you didn’t do this to me. The asshole who can’t keep his hands to himself did this. No one else. I say we start planning our revenge if your brothers don’t give him a cement nap.” I touched my thumb to my fingers, bounced my wrist in the air a couple times. My Jersey accent was severely lacking, but she laughed. And that was all that mattered. 
She tossed the towel at my face. “I could be down for that.” She smiled. It was all teeth. It dissolved as she looked down at my legs again. “What are we going to do?”
I shook my head. “I make pastries and delicious confections. Human anatomy and healing it are far outside my wheelhouse.”
Tali shoved her arms into the sleeves of her robe. “I’ll go get Rafe. Ask him what we need to do.” She ran from my bedroom, robe flapping in the breeze of her wake. 
“I’ll stay here. Don’t you worry about me.” I laid back down on the bed, hands on my tummy. “We’ll get you fed, little fella. Don’t you worry.”
I’d had some seriously screwed up dreams last night. Tumbling down flights of stairs at the hospital, I’d almost killed some rando who’d come from the oncology ward. Instead of dropping me on my neurotic ass, he’d donned some shiny armor and carried me to safety. Dream me had some serious flirt skills. I was kinda jealous of her…me…whatever. 
“Fuck,” a man said. His voice was unfamiliar. 
I jerked to face the bedroom door. 
The large guy from last night was standing there, his bright green gaze attached to my legs. “What the fuck happened?”
“How did you get in here?” I shook my head. “Doesn’t matter. You have five seconds to leave before I start yelling down the house.” I inhaled as I counted to five as fast as possible. Just as I opened my mouth to bring in the troops, Dom came in. 
“Wrong room, fucker. Keep looking at her, and I’ll gouge your eyes out.”
The blonde guy rolled his eyes. “Again with the threats, Domenico? What happened?” He jutted his chin out at me. 
Dom came around the corner of the bedroom. His butterscotch eyes were as big as platters when he spotted me. “Will, what the fuck?”
I snapped the sheet over my disgusting legs. “Nothing. Tali went to get Rafe. Why’s he here?” I asked Dom as he came over and pulled the sheet away. 
He ran his fingertips down my calves, his touch so light that if I hadn’t seen him do it, I wouldn’t have known he had. When he looked up at me again, his eyes had taken on that peculiar glow of furious anger. “I’m going to kill him.”
I jerked back. “All he did was not offer me some food. I don’t think you need to kill him for that.” My stomach growled again, clearly siding with Dom. 
Dom’s eyes crinkled at the corners. “Not Penn. Cavendish. The asshole who—”
“Knocked the table into me.” I nodded. “Yeah, Rafe told me. Is he really being charged?”
“Damn straight he is,” Mr. Penn said. “So is his daddy.” He shot me a smile when I looked at him. 
I shook my head to clear it of the fuzz his smile brought. “I’m sorry, what’s your name again?”
Dom snorted as he rose to his feet. 
The other man looked a little nonplussed at my question. “Ry—” he cleared his throat. “Ryker. Ryker Penn.”
“Hi again, Ryker. How do you know the Cavendishes?”
“Business,” he said simply. 
I nodded. I was familiar with the concept of not asking too many questions. “And you’re standing in my home, why?”
His eyes crinkled as the corner of his mouth kicked up in a lopsided grin. “You told me I needed to put you in my bed or yours. I was just checking to see where your bed was for future reference.”
I shook my head. I’d never said anything like that in my life. 
Dom growled. “He’s here, in your home, because the man can’t find his way out of a dry paper sack.”
“Isn’t it supposed to be a wet paper sack?” I asked. 
“I can make it wet if you want it to be,” Ryker said. 
I smiled. “Paper sacks are your thing, huh? I’d say kinky, but that just sounds bothersome.”
He tipped his head back and laughed. 
Dom snarled. “Don’t encourage him, Will. He’s worse than Turo.”
My eyes widened. Turo was a manslut of epic proportions. Like if Zeus and Eros had a baby. “Good thing I’m not interested.” I ran my hand down Dom’s cheek. Looked deep into his eyes. “I’d go without sex for the rest of my life. It’s not worth the hassles anyway.”
Dom smiled. “Good answer, Will.”
“That’s a terrible answer. Where did you get that kind of shit idea?” Ryker asked, his mouth practically hanging open. 
“Experience,” I said shortly. 
“Penn? What the fuck are you doing in here?” Rafe said as he passed through my bedroom doorway. He shook his head. “Never mind. Don’t care.” He nudged his older brother out of the way. Squatted down next to me. “Let’s see those gams, Will.”
I chuckled. My Rafe was a sucker for film noir. I lifted the sheet away from my legs.
He sucked in a noisy breath through his nose. “Shit sticks and cuttlefish, Will.”
I looked at them again. Nodded. “You’re not wrong.”
“Can you stand?” 
I shook my head. “I can’t get the leverage I need. They won’t bend.”
All the men blew out a low whistle. 
I rolled my eyes. “Someone just lift me up, I can do the rest.”
Rafe got to his feet, held out his hands. 
I put mine into his and gripped. He levered me up into a standing position. Fire from the pits of hell engulfed my thighs and calves in an instant. I blew out a breath as the pain swirled and spun in my head. 
I inhaled through my nose, counted to ten, pushed it out. In moments, pain melted from agony to bliss as my nerve endings fired at an almost constant rate. This was living. This was feeling. 
I focused on the feelings, catalogued each one as it surged through my brain. No two pain sensations were the same. And my library was always eager for new material. 
“Willow Koa,” Rafe said. His voice was strained. 
I blinked. Came back to the room. “What?” I shook my head. “What? Sorry.” I hunched my shoulders. 
He let go of one hand as he gripped my chin. “You were riding that wave pretty far. I will drug you.” His dark brown eyes were worried.
Shit, shit, shit.
“No, you won’t,” Ryker said. There was no room for argument or compromise in his tone. Just a simple statement that demanded compliance.
Dom was in Ryker’s face in moments. “You don’t get a say here. Ever. Not with her.”
I looked at the man who dared brave the Amatucci brothers’ wrath. His mouth was so firm his jaw muscles were twitching. His fingers were clenching and releasing at his sides. The corners of his eyes were pinched. 
When I met his gaze, he looked away. “You’re right. I shouldn’t have said anything.”
Dom spun around, fumed silently as he struggled to get himself under control. His eyes clenched shut, I saw his lips moving as he counted to his favorite number. His lips formed the word sixteen. He opened his eyes again. He looked at me. “You promised.”
I nodded. “And I wasn’t too far gone.” I didn’t know how to explain the difference to him. To any of them. I’d just been enjoying it, not getting lost in it.
I looked back at Rafe. His eyes were pinched, but worried. Unlike the rage that simmered in Dom’s. “I promise.”
The youngest Amatucci studied me for long silent moments. 
I felt like a science experiment. But I let him see that I was fine. These men, this family, were the only ones allowed to see beyond my walls. They had earned it. Tenfold. 
Rafe nodded, leaned forward and pressed his lips to my forehead. “I expect an honest answer if it ever gets too high.”
I bit my lip. Nodded. I knew what I could do inadvertently. Since death was never my goal, I allowed them to put restrictions on me. Allowed their love to bind me with silken restraints of family and promises. 
“But no morphine.” I looked up into his dark eyes. Let him see the strength of my conviction.
“No morphine.”
I nodded. 
My belly snarled. 
Everyone laughed. 
“Feed her or it’s going to get ugly,” Tali said from the back of the room. She was in new clothes, her hair damp and finger combed. Sundays we usually all went to church. I guess my condition put the kibosh on that tradition. 
“Can you walk?” Rafe asked as he gripped my free hand once more. 
I shrugged. “I have no idea. I’ll guess we’ll see.” I looked at everyone still standing in my living room. “And I finally have an audience. All my dreams have come true.” I rolled my eyes. 
The Amatucci family members laughed. 
Ryker didn’t. 
Oh well. Except for that bit of sass to Dom, he seemed a little tame. Shame, really. His flirting game was on point.
Rafe took a step back, our hands still grasped. “No time like the present.”
I told my brain what I wanted it to do. But my legs either didn’t get the signal or my brain was being a bitch and not communicating. Or my legs didn’t work anymore. 
Since that last thought was untenable, I told my brain again. Move my legs. 
Nothing. We stood there, everyone watching me. Just like before. Stuck in a body that wouldn’t do what I told it. Stuck as a victim in a show I couldn’t control. 
“Back the fuck up, Penn. You’re not touching her,” Dom said as I felt the heat rise to my cheeks. 
“I helped her down the stairs, carried her physically from the hospital. I also know a thing or two about bodies.” 
I looked over to see Ryker and Dom in a staring contest. 
More like a pissing contest. And I was the one getting peed on. 
“If it doesn’t work, I won’t ever try again.” He looked back down at the arm Dom had gripped. He leaned towards the man I considered my brother. Spoke softly in Dom’s ear. 
Dom lifted his hand away. “One shot. And I’m holding you to that.”
Ryker nodded. He tossed his briefcase down on my couch. Blew into his cupped hands. When he looked back up at me, his green eyes were dancing with mischief. 
He took Rafe’s spot in front of me. He raised a hand. But it didn’t land on mine. No, he put his fingers under my chin. At his touch, I felt my belly pull in, my core muscles jerking back in shock. He didn’t touch me anywhere except my jaw, his touch light. His eyes commanding. 
“You look good drenched in pain, pet,” he said so softly, I had to concentrate to make out his words. 
Heat flooded my cheeks. 
He chuckled. “Close your eyes.”
My lids fell without thought. 
His low rumbling growl skated chills down my arms. “Fuck,” he breathed out. 
I opened my eyes. “What’s wrong?”
His green eyes were bright as fired emeralds. “Did I say you could open your eyes?”
They fell closed on a sigh. 
“And you ask me what’s wrong.”
My brow furrowed. I opened my mouth. 
He forced my chin closed. “No talking. Just moving.”
I smiled, kept my eyes closed. “That’s the whole problem here, Mr. Penn.”
Chapter 9 – Ryker 

I clenched my back teeth as my formal name spilled from her lips. She didn’t have a fucking clue what was going on, but her submission was about to land her under me. I’d give her some damned waves to ride. 
“Get the fuck on, Penn,” Domenico barked. 
Thank fuck he couldn’t see my face. He’d have me shot and buried so fast, Willow’s legs would still be black and blue. 
I winced again as I looked at her legs. They were perfectly shaped. Her hips plush enough to grip and not hit bone. Her legs would look fucking fantastic around my waist. 
“Mr. Penn?” Willow said softly. Her eyelids fluttered as if she were getting ready to open her eyes again. 
I growled at her. 
They lay still once more. 
Fuck. I needed to get her moving and get the fuck out of here. She was bad for my wellbeing. “Okay, Willow, put your hands on my waist.” Did I really need her touching me to maneuver her body? No. But no one else needed to know that. 
Her hands lifted slowly, a furrow tugged at her brow. 
“A little higher.” I think you meant a little lower, my inner deviant said. Shut the fuck up. I’m not really in the mood to be disemboweled today. 
Great, this woman has turned me into a schizophrenic. Or is it split personalities? Either one, I’m going crazy. Legitimately this time. 
Her small hands settled softly on my hip bones. Her fingers flexed into my body for a brief second. “Is this good?”
No. Lower. “Yes.” I bit my cheek. This whole experiment was based on my knowledge of muscle memory and distraction. Let’s get the shitshow moving. “So when you called me Thor last night, were you thinking that I looked like Chris Hemsworth or someone hotter?” I took a small step back as I talked to her. 
She followed my motion as her mouth quirked up at the corner. “Chris Hemsworth is out of even your league, Ryker.”
My fingers bit into her jaw. “That was rude.” I wanted to turn her over my knee. Out of my league. That was the biggest load of bullshit I’d ever heard. The man was a pansy compared to me. 
Her lips parted the smallest degree as my fingers tightened on her jaw. Her lashes fluttered as her eyes flicked from side to side under the thin veil of her lids. Her mouth ticked up. “Uh oh. Should I offer to kiss it and make it better?” One brow rose high. 
Domenico growled. “You’re not kissing anything. Neither is he.”
I lowered my voice as I took another step back. “Anytime you want to kiss it, you just let me know, pet.” She followed after me.
She snorted. Right in my face. Her eyes closed, her hands on my hips, she rebuffed me. Her nose wrinkled. “Nah.” She lifted her face slightly. “Now if you had Chris Hemsworth available, maybe.” She tipped her head to the side. “Probably. A good, definite probably on that one.”
I growled at her. “That’s two, pet.” I took another step back. 
“Two what?” Her steps were hesitant and stiff, but we were making progress. 
“Two times you’ve insulted me. In less than two minutes even.”
She shrugged. “I’m sorry your ego is so flimsy. You might want to work on that.” She wet her bottom lip, eyes still closed. 
I narrowed my eyes at her. Flimsy ego? I’d earned every part of my ego, little girl. “So when you suggested I put you in my bed or yours, did you have any preference?”
Her brow furrowed again. “I never said that.”
I stopped walking. “Open your eyes.” 
Her mossy green irises greeted me in an instant. I searched their depths. “You really don’t remember, do you?”
She tilted her head to the side. “What am I supposed to be remembering?”
I tried a different track. “What’s the last thing you remember before waking up in my penthouse.”
She rolled her eyes. “You sound incredibly pretentious when you say it that way. My penthouse.” She dropped her voice into what I was assuming was supposed to be an imitation of me. She shook her head. “I remember escaping the bathroom at the hospital when…he came in and had Tali removed.” She looked over my shoulder. Looked back at me. “Why?”
“You don’t remember me saving you from the…him?” I studied her. 
Her eyes widened. She shook her head. “No. How did you do that?”
I shook my head. 
She squeezed her hands at my hips. “Tell me.”
I narrowed my eyes at her. 
She smiled prettily. “Please.”
Fuck. She’s not allowed to smile again. Ever. I told her what happened. 
Her eyes were wide and her mouth made the most tempting O I’d ever seen. My dick would fill it quite nicely. But I also wanted to taste it. Taste her. Write her flavor on my mind. Write my name in her flesh with my whip. “You don’t remember any of that, but you remember that you called me Thor?”
She blinked a few times. Nodded her head, her brow furrowed. “Why would I only remember that part?” She looked up at me, sage green eyes wide. 
I shook my head. Part of me was thankful she didn’t remember any of the rest of it. I’d made an ass out of myself flirting with her as we’d climbed down those stairs. 
But another part of me, a part I rarely acknowledged, was pissed it had been wiped from her memory. One of the few times I behaved like a real live human and the only witness doesn’t remember it. 
I shook my head again. “It doesn’t matter. Close your eyes. We’re almost there.”
Her lids slammed shut immediately. 
“And I’m almost a century old. Hurry the fuck up, Penn. We still need to get to the DA’s office before it closes,” Domenico said. 
I rolled my eyes. The man was bossy. And whiny with it. The business day had officially started an hour ago. We weren’t exactly racing daylight right now. 
“Ever been dancing?” I asked Willow. 
She shook her head. Nodded. 
I laughed. “Which one, pet?”
“It depends on what kind of dancing you’re talking about.”
“Formal?” I retreated another step, forced her to join me in movement. 
She nodded. 
“Club?” 
She shook her head. “I’ve tried, it just looks like I’m a decapitated chicken in death throes.”
I burst into laughter. 
A soft smile bloomed on her face. Her head tilted to the side. “You should laugh more. It’s beautiful.”
My mirth eased. “Can’t do that. I’ve got a rep to uphold.”
She snorted. “Real bad boy, huh?”
Déjà vu slapped me in the face. Hard. “Yeah. Terrified mothers on reference to prove it.”
“I don’t know that bad boys help strangers walk across their apartments.”
“I’m on a redemption kick.”
She lost her smile. “Then you need to save it for someone else. You won’t get enough points from helping me.” She lowered her face, dislodging my hands. 
“You think I’m that much of a lost cause, huh?” I asked her softly. 
Her eyes flew open, horror written on her face. “No. No, that’s not what I meant at all.” She studied me for a moment. 
I barely kept the smile off my face. 
She pinched my hip. “That was a horrible thing to do.”
I moved my hands to fully frame her face. I caught her gaze with mine, let her see my sincerity. “I think helping angels qualifies for pretty high points.”
She lowered her gaze to my chin. “If I find one, I’ll send her your way.”  
“I think I’ve already found her.” Fuck. I had to get out of here. I didn’t know what it was about this woman, but she kept twisting me in knots. And she didn’t notice or care.
Willow’s stomach protested loudly. 
I smiled again. “And look, all done.” As if I’d removed earplugs, I could hear everyone else in the room again. They were talking amongst themselves as if it were Sunday fucking dinner. I’d been able to block them out. Completely. 
I eyed the woman who’d let me guide her across a room essentially blind.
She opened her eyes. Looked around. When she looked back up at me, she had a look of stunned disbelief on her face. “How?”
I leaned down, put my lips by her ear. She smelled sweet. Like cookies and woman. “Like I said, I know a thing or two about bodies...and pain.”
When I straightened and looked back at her face, her pupils had dilated wildly. They were so blown out it looked like she had no green around the black hole of her iris. 
I watched her tongue flick out and wet her lower lip as her gaze dropped to my mouth. A soundless sigh escaped her lips before she lifted her gaze back to mine. 
I raised a single brow as I waited for her to speak.
“Holy cannoli.” She blew out a deep breath. “Can I make you cupcakes?”
My brain short circuited.
Wait. What?
Cupcakes?
Where the hell did that come from?
Chapter 10 – Willow 

I bit my lip at the confused look on his face. It wasn’t really his fault. I had a tendency to want to bake when I was turned on. I chuckled mentally—at least something good came of my aroused states. All the cookies, pies, brownies, cakes, confections a person could ever ask for. 
They also gave me a lot more pleasure than sex. I sighed. Oh well. 
Something over his shoulder pulled my attention. 
Tali stared at me like I had asked Ryker to eat my…cookie…in the middle of the room full of her brothers. We knew each other too well if she could decode my offer to bake for the man. 
“How are you feeling?” Tali asked, a strange note in her voice. 
All eyes turned to me. Damn it. Center of attention was nowhere I ever wanted to be. I nodded. “Good.”
Dom came over and grabbed my hand. “Come on. Let’s feed you before you get too much hangrier.” He pulled me after him. 
I tripped over my feet and almost crashed through the glass coffee table. 
“Amatucci, you asshole,” Ryker said as he glared at Dom. He slid his arm around my waist to keep me from plummeting to the floor. “If you wanted her at the bar top, then you should have said so. Yanking her around the room isn’t going to get her there.”
My eyes widened as everyone went quiet. 
Dom held onto my hand. I was stretched out between the two men. I felt like a rope in a tug of war contest. Another fucking contest and I was either the prize or the ball. I couldn’t quite tell which one yet. 
I rolled my eyes, sought out Tali’s gaze. I pleaded with her with my gaze.
She smiled. Took pity on me. Unwinding Ryker’s arm from around my waist, she pulled me up in front of her. Her front flush against my back, arms around my waist. “I can’t promise my distraction will be as good, but I don’t think they’ll notice that you’ve even moved,” she whispered in my ear. 
I snorted. 
Together, her body leading from behind, we walked like we had corn cobs stuck in unpleasant places. My knees didn’t really bend so much as I did an odd swaying motion to get them moving. But we made it. 
My stomach was in a constant state of yelling by the time I got to stuff my face. I leaned on the counter, my legs unwilling to let me sit on the bar stool. I practically dove face first into my Lucky Charms cereal. I was looking for the end of that rainbow, and damn did it taste good. 
Rafe slid a small plate of scrambled eggs and crispy bacon beside my bowl. “That too. We need to chase the sugar with some good fats and proteins. It will help your body heal faster. What’s on your schedule for today?”
I tipped the bowl back and made quick work of my remaining milk. I lowered the bowl, wiped my mouth, and attacked the rest of the food. It took me a minute to realize the room was completely silent. 
I looked around. 
Everyone was watching me, mouths open to varying degrees. 
I wiped my mouth again. “What?” I looked at Tali for some idea. 
Her mouth snapped closed with a soft click. “When did you start moaning as you ate?”
I snorted. “Oh please. I don’t moan while I’m eating.” I dug back into the eggs. They were so freaking good. Little mounds of deliciousness. I could feel my body absorbing all the wonderful nutrients. 
“Seriously, stop. It’s getting a little creepy,” she said as she came up next to me. 
“What? Can’t I just eat my eggs in peace?”
She laughed. “I don’t know. Can you?” She leaned forward. “It sounds like a bad porno in here.”
I jerked back, searching her gaze. “Really?”
She nodded as she stole a piece of bacon. 
I snatched it out of her hands and slid it into my mouth. 
Male groans sounded from behind me. 
Tali’s smile was huge. “Like I said.”
“I’m still waiting for an answer to my question,” Rafe said, his voice lazy. 
I blinked up at him. “What was your question?”
He repeated it. 
“Oh. I have finalizations for three parties this weekend. Menu approval. And prep shopping. If I can actually get my legs to work, I should be done around six—seven at the latest.”
Rafe shook his head. “I think you’ll get about a third of all that done with the shape your legs are in.”
I slumped back. “But that throws off the rest of the week. I have to get it done today.” Crap. I couldn’t get behind when I’d just gotten full with clients. I glared down at my legs. Jerks. I took a deep drink of my glass of milk. Set it down on the table softly. “Do you have anything that could help with the swelling?”
Rafe’s eyes widened as if I’d just confessed I was an alien. “Yeah. Are you wanting drugs or remedies?”
“Ice bath, ibuprofen every four hours, frequent breaks, and light stretching,” Ryker said from behind me. 
I tried to turn and look at him, but my balance was still way off. 
Rafe snarled softly. “That’s what I was going to say.” Rafe turned his dark chocolate eyes on me. “What he said. You’re also going to be moving a lot slower than you’re going to want to. I can help you today, but one of the others will have to help tomorrow.”
My pride surged over and through me like a tidal wave. I hadn’t worked this hard to become independent just to have everything crash around me. I knew the Amatuccis had lots on their plates as well. For as much as they were the criminal element in New Trenadie, they did have legitimate businesses as well. 
I gritted my teeth. “Thank you.” I wanted to rage and yell at them, but it wasn’t their faults I was in this mess. It was my own. And that fucker Cavendish. Definitely that assdouche’s fault. 
Rafe grasped my chin, pulled me forward the tiniest degree. “We’ll get you up and on your feet as soon as possible, Will. I promise.” He leaned forward, planted a kiss on my forehead. 
I nodded, a grimace on my face. “Let’s hope so or everyone’s getting conscripted into waiter slash server duty for my three parties.”
Rafe gave me stank face. 
I laughed. “Hey, I’m trying to be all mature adult here. If I can’t do it on my own, I’m certainly going to need some help. Right?”
“But you’re so bossy…and bitchy when you order us around.” He looked so sad and forlorn. 
I made a whip crack sound. “That’s how you like it, baby.”
He shuddered. “Only if I’m on the other end of the whip.”
Laughter burst from me in surprised humor. “You would probably burn the whip instead of using it on anyone.”
He shot me a wink. “Exactly.”
I shook my head, finished the rest of my bacon. Once my plate was clear and all my milk had been consumed, I turned around to face the room again. Dom and Ryker were still here, arguing softly. Tali was on her cell phone, her brow furrowed as her thumbs danced over the screen. 
I just needed to get back to the bedroom, change clothes, and Rafe and I could start with everything that was on my list for the day. I eyed the stretch of real estate between the counter and my bedroom. 
The forty feet might as well have been a mile. Oh well. I had to start getting these stupid multicolored legs working or I’d become an invalid and dependent on those around me. 
Something I swore I would never do. 
I tried to bend my legs. Stomped my feet a couple times. Using the counter edge for balance, I rocked up to my toes and back towards my heels. Yoga it was not, but I could feel everything in my lower body begin to ease and shift slightly. 
I kept up the subtle motions, closing my eyes so I could focus mentally on each part of my body that I needed to get moving. My toes were freezing against the concrete floor, but at least I could feel them without having to see them. 
My calves felt like they were three times their normal sizes. They were an itchy kind of warm on the inside. I raised one foot and slid it’s cooler surface against the lower curve of my calf. Blessed chills overtook my body momentarily. 
But soon my knee started aching. Both of them really. I set my foot back on the floor.
With my free hand, I walked my fingers down my thigh. No sharp surges of pain came, but the dull, nagging ache of bruised soft tissue rang clearly through my head. I opened my eyes again and tried to do a slight squat. 
I got farther than I thought I would actually, so that was nice. Nowhere near where I needed to be in order to be on my own, but if I could increase my healing with ice and ibuprofen, then I’d grit my teeth and do it.
I looked over at Rafe. “Have any ibuprofen?” I asked softly.
He nodded. Turning, he opened a shelf in my kitchen. 
My brow furrowed as he pulled out a medicine bottle. When the hell had that gotten put in here?
He saw my expression. “I brought them last night when I came in to check on you.”
I narrowed my eyes. “When was that?”
He mirrored me. “I came in a few hours after you’d gone to bed. And a few hours before you woke up. Don’t give me shit for checking on you, Will. It won’t end well for you.”
I bit back my reply. Knew he’d done it out of love and not some creepy need to control me. But I couldn’t shake the idea that he’d been watching me while I was unconscious. Had probably touched me, even if in an innocent manner. 
I swallowed heavily before I nodded. “Next time, just wake me up, Rafe. I’d rather you woke me up than just stand there and watch me.” I held his gaze steady. This wasn’t a joke and I wasn’t playing. 
He winced. “Sorry. I didn—”
I held up a hand. “I know. But next time…wake me up.”
He nodded, shook out two little round brown pills. He ran me a cup of water. “Here. Take them now so by the time you get in the bath, they’ll have started through your system.”
I did as I was told, prayed I’d only have to take these two. Knew I wasn’t that lucky and that I’d have to take more before I could move around on my own. 
“Does anyone have ice?” I asked after I finished off the water. 
A round of “no” sounded. 
“A cool bath for about twenty minutes should be good enough,” Ryker said. He popped his head up and around to talk to me before going back to his conversation with Dom like it hadn’t been interrupted. 
I looked over at Rafe. 
He nodded even as he glared at Ryker. “What he said.” He came around the counter, wrapped his arm around my back as I gripped his free hand. 
“A cold bath. How much fun,” I said drily. “I’m so excited.”
Rafe huffed a laugh. “Lucky you. I’m a little jealous.”
I snorted. “Right. And I’m a unicorn.”
He slapped a hand to my ass. “You’ve got the ass of one.”
I elbowed him in the stomach. “Rude.”
After what felt like years, we made it back to my bedroom. He ran a bath for me as I struggled to get out of my yoga shorts and sports bra. The bra was quick and painless. A sharp tug, a quick shoulder shuffle, and I was free. 
The shorts, however, had decided to mold to my flesh with what felt like Super Glue. No matter how I pulled or pushed, the fabric wasn’t moving. I lay back on the bed, my chest heaving as the muscles in my arms fatigued. 
“The door, Will,” Dom yelled at me from out in the living room. “For fucks sake. Tits.”
I slapped my hands over the small mounds. “Stop looking, pervert. I’m as close to invalid as I can stand right now. I might have to leave these stupid shorts on.”
“Tali, go help her,” Dom ordered. 
I lifted my head, a huge smile on my face. I wanted to see the show that was about to premiere. My girl didn’t leave me hanging. 
She slapped her brother upside the head, made a low curtsy, and rushed away as he grabbed for her. 
“Respect, woman. Respect!” He slapped at her. 
We both dissolved into laughter. “Then don’t order me around, Nico. I’m not one of your soldiers or your men. I’m your sister. Not a wh—”
Dom snarled, his face lost the light of play in an instant. “Say it and suffer, Talia Maria.” His voice was low, his brows knitted tight. 
Ooo, sister was playing with fire. I slapped a hand over my mouth as she tried to back pedal. 
“Not a wholly made man…yet.” She made a finger gun and shot him with it. 
Dom’s face cleared as he accepted her last minute change. He pantomimed getting shot in the heart. “And you never will be.” He blew her a kiss. 
She blew him one before turning to me. Her eyes were wide as saucers.
“What the hell, Tali?” I whispered. 
She shrugged, shook her head slightly. “No idea. It just started to come out of my mouth. I hate how bossy he gets. He’s nicer to the girls than he is to me, sometimes.”
“Door!” Dom yelled, before he stomped over and slid it shut himself. 
Tali looked at me. “See?”
I laughed softly. “True. And he’d hate it if he cowed you into being a doormat. But, for craps sake, girl.” I shook my head. 
“Yeah. Whoops.” She helped me to my feet. Once I was steady, she grabbed the waistband of the shorts and ripped them down my legs. Her face was right next to my lady bits. 
She looked up at me, a smirk on her face. “Need some ladyscaping, sis.”
I laughed. “I’m not really into strangers touching my hooha to rip all the hair out. I can do without that kind of pain.”
She got back to her feet, gripped my hands. “If you keep doing it regularly, it doesn’t hurt as much. No more than getting a tattoo.”
My legs almost went out from under me. I had one tattoo and it had been six sessions of six hours of hellacious pleasure. “I might give it a shot then.”
She laughed as she helped me into the bathroom. 
I looked around. “I didn’t even see Rafe leave.”
“He’s a ninja.”
I chuckled. “I think you mean Mas is the ninja.”
Tali tipped her head to the side. “Yeah. Him too.”
“When’s he coming home?”
“He should be here later today.”
“Where’s he been again?’
She shrugged as she held me steady to get into the jacuzzi tub. “I don’t ask those kinds of questions anymore. I just know he was out of the country.”
I hissed out a breath as the cool water washed over my legs. “Sweet baby potatoes, this is freezing.”
Tali dipped her hand in the water. “No, babe. It’s not. This is warmer than I would have guessed.”
I curled my arms around my chest as shivers wracked my body. “Uh huh. R-r-r-right. Wh-wh-what are y-y-y-you d-d-doing tod-d-day?”
“I’ve got a presentation at one of the children’s homes. We’re donating money for a new wing.” She pulled a phone from her back pocket. “We couldn’t find yours, so I picked up one of the burners. You’ll need to get a new one today while you’re out. For now, all of our numbers are input as the first six speed dial options.”
I nodded. “Th-th-thanks.” I groaned. “How long do I have to stay in here?”
“No idea. I’ll go ask, Rafe. You good?” She turned back from the door.
I nodded again. “Yeah. Hurry back though. I feel like my body is trying to lock up.” I bent and straightened my knees in the water, tried to keep them moving. It also helped to warm me up a fraction. 
Just as I was getting good at making the waves splash at decent intervals, Tali came back in. “Need a toy boat?”
I grinned up at her. “Maybe. Might be more fun. What’d he say?”
“Only about fifteen minutes every couple of hours. You’ve got about five minutes left.”
I dipped my chin, closed my eyes. Worked on bending my knees as much as possible. The jagged ache in my thighs was lessening. My knees were able to bend more comfortably. 
A slight chirping noise came from the sink. Apparently, Tali had set a timer. She came back into the room, a giant towel stretched between her hands. “Let’s go, little Willow.” She said it in a baby voice. 
I rolled my eyes at her. I flicked the drain with my heel and waited for the water to go down a bit before trying to stand. “You ready?”
She spread her legs apart slightly, squatted down. “Ready.”
I laughed. “You look like you’re getting ready to tackle me, not help me from the bathtub.”
She bumped a single shoulder into the air. “Basically the same thing. Come on.” She dried my hands before wrapping hers around my wrists. I turned mine over and grabbed her wrists. 
We got me about halfway up before my feet started to slip. “Shitshitshit. Don’t let go.” I clenched my eyes shut. 
“HELP!” she screamed, almost blowing out my eardrum. 
A rough set of hands grabbed my waist and yanked me from the tub. 
“I said help, not crash me into the toilet,” Tali said, grumpiness in her voice. 
“Then you should have been more specific,” Ryker said. 
My eyes flew open as I looked at my rescuer. His grass green eyes were steady on mine. “Still on that redemption kick, I see.” I curled myself against his chest so he couldn’t see my naked body. 
His jaw firmed. “Something like that.” He lowered me so my feet could touch the floor. 
Tali wrapped the towel around me from behind, her hands crossed in front of my body protectively. “Thanks for the assist. We’ve got it from here.”
“Damn fucking straight you do. Penn, you keep this up, I will kill you myself,” Dom said from the doorway between my bedroom and bathroom. “DA’s office. Now.”
Ryker’s jaw clenched as he gave me a tight nod and stormed from the humid space. 
“I’d call dibs, but I don’t think it’s me he wants like a fat kid wants cake,” Tali said. 
I snorted as the bottom of my belly dropped away. “He can want all he likes. All he’s going to get are cupcakes by the dozen and some heavy ass flirting. You know I don’t play those games.”
Tali rested her chin on my shoulder. “Maybe he’ll be different.”
I shook my head. “And probably he won’t be. Not interested, Tali. Leave it alone.”
She sighed as she straightened. “Towel secure?”
I nodded, tucked the free edge under my arm. “Ready.”
She helped me hobble back out into my bedroom. In the bright light of morning, the muted tones of a room that rested in a sundrenched village on a white-sand beach greeted me. Thin, layered materials, wide open space, and minimal furniture made up my gypsy oasis. This was my happy place.
In the closet, I got dressed. Going for comfort and ease, I pulled a sundress on. Panties were Satan’s handmaidens at the moment, so I was free-balling it for the day. I’d just have to be sure not to be back lit for too long. 
I pushed my feet into a pair of comfortable, girly flip flops and let my hair air dry. No fuss, no muss. Some moisturizing cream, a flick of mascara, a swipe of lip balm, and I was ready for the day. 
Tali was sitting on my bed, her nose in her phone. She looked up when I came out. Nodded. “Beautiful as always.” She pushed up from the bed. Pecked my cheek. “I’ve got to run. Nathaniel is having a meltdown about the presentation today. I’ll be back around six tonight. Love you.”
“Be safe, tell Nathaniel to pull his tampon out. Love you, too.”
She dashed from my apartment, her chuckle wafting in the breeze behind her. 
I slowly shuffled to the living room. By the time I got there, I was out of breath. Close to passing out. “When are the pills supposed to start working?” I asked Rafe as I took a breather leaning on the couch back. 
“Any time now. And they won’t help with pain really. Or at least not mainly. We need to get that blood moving, pushed out of your joints so your lymphatic system can remove it. Movement and light stretching is going to be the best option. But you’re still going to have to go at quarter speed, Will. Moving too much or too fast will just make everything worse.” He looked me over, his arms crossed over his chest. “Good choice on the clothes though.” 
“Thanks.” I pushed my hair back off my face. “Where do you want to start?”
He shrugged. “Wherever you do. I’m at your service.” He dropped into a bow. 
I smirked. “Oh yeah?”
He straightened. “No. Not really. But you get to decide where we start. Everything after that is up to me.”
I held up the burner phone. “Let’s go get me a new phone first, then.”
He nodded and came over to help me. Grabbing my purse in his free hand, he helped usher me from the apartment. “Elevator this time, Will.”
I chuffed a laugh. “No shit, Sherlock. We don’t have a year for me to get down the steps.”
Chapter 11 – Ryker 

What the fuck had I been thinking, charging into Willow’s bathroom like a hero? I hadn’t been thinking. That was the problem. The whole fucking point. She’d needed help and I’d just reacted. Like metal to a magnet, I was drawn to her. 
That shit stopped today. Right now. From the sounds of things, she had enough men in her life who were more than willing to take a bullet for her. The only bullet I’d take was the one I’d put in her pussy before I fucked her. 
“Penn, are you even fucking listening?” Amatucci snarled as his driver took us to the District Attorney’s office. 
I flipped through my short term memory. “You want to know what other evidence I have. Well, you’re just going to have to find out when I tell Jerrod. I don’t share my secrets, Amatucci. Get used to it.”
He mumbled under his breath. Something about torture and pain. I blocked it out. I was used to people being pissed off with me. A good ninety-nine percent of them always were. I didn’t mind in the least. Usually preferred it, to be honest. Fewer expectations and easier to get what I wanted. 
“What are you doing to keep Doctor Douche away from Willow?” I asked him. The question had been plaguing me. Eating at me for the last few hours. 
Willow wasn’t weak, no matter what she thought. But she was broken somehow. Broken and hurt. And angry. Fuck, was she angry. Her body fairly vibrated with it. 
I could understand it. Lived with the same monster deep inside myself. I didn’t think she was familiar with her anger, but I would have bet my considerable fortune that when that dam burst it was going to be a thing of sheer beauty. 
My dick tightened at the idea of being inside her while I made her angry. How she’d fight and spit and scream. She’d use her nails on me, if I left her hands loose, that is. 
“I swear to Willow’s goddess, you have the attention span of a gnat. What the fuck are you fidgeting about for?” Amatucci snapped, his light brown eyes sparking with anger and annoyance. 
I felt my lips pull up in a smirk. I certainly wasn’t going to be sharing my musings. I wanted to keep my dick, thank you very much. “What I want to do to Doctor Douche…if you haven’t gotten to him first.”
The man across from me smiled. It made my balls stop tingling and hide for cover inside me. He was fucking scary. And I had zero problems admitting that—to myself. I wasn’t sure who did what in their organization, but I was glad we were on the same team for now. 
“We’ve got the good doctor covered, don’t you worry.”
“How?”
He shook his head. “You keep your secrets, we keep ours.” He looked me straight in the eye. “Unless you want to join the family.”
I held up a hand. “I’m good with my current position at the moment.”
His chuckle was a little dry around the edges, but he relaxed. “And why does it matter to you anyway? Last I heard, you couldn’t be bothered to share a fucking snack. Now you want to avenge my girl?”
I heard the threat, the claim. I brushed it aside. I’d decided to have Willow. And no one, not even the lady herself, was going to stop me. Consequences be damned.
“If you’ve read anything about me, you know what kind of man I am.”
He snorted. 
I dipped my head in acknowledgement. “But never once, in all the stories and pieces done on me, have I been accused of landing a woman in the hospital or terrifying her so badly that she refused medical care. Yes, I hit women. But only when they want me to. Whatever Doctor Douche did to Willow? His kind has special reservations in hell.”
Amatucci studied me, his dark brows low as he tapped his thumbs against his legs. “Not my story to tell. But I fully agree with you. If he touches her, he dies. He’s been made aware of the situation.”
“Then what the fuck happened at the hospital, Amatucci? Willow was about to die on those steps when she should have been in a fucking bed recovering. How did he find her if you used an assumed name?”
His lips tightened. “I’ve got someone working on that end of it. If I find out that someone betrayed her to him, even if they aren’t in our territory, they will reap what they have sown. If it turns out that he was just in the right place at the wrong time, then we’ll deal with that a different way.”
I waited to speak until I could be sure my voice would be steady. Bland. “Have you heard of Good Shepherd?”
His brow furrowed as his gaze darted right and left. “No. I don’t think so.”
Thank fuck. I pulled my phone from my inner jacket pocket. “Here’s the info. They have an urgent care and emergency department. A little less than a mile farther away—in the other direction—than the hospital. If something else happens to her, take her there. Give them my name.”
His phone buzzed as he watched me. His eyes narrowed. He said nothing. Just sat there studying me. 
The car finally slowed as it pulled to the curb. I got out. I wasn’t going to discuss why I had a private hospital’s info in my phone. I think he realized that. 
He exited the car on the other side and came around to join me. “Ready?” He closed the top button on his suit coat. 
“I’ve never had a bad experience in this office. Can the same be said for you?” I asked as I stepped away. 
He chuckled. “I’m a lawyer. Most of my experiences here have ended well for me.”
I snorted softly. “Right. Because organized crime lawyers are so well liked.”
His mouth kicked up at the corner. “You’d be surprised.”
We pushed through the doors, shoulder to shoulder. Mafia man and billionaire. We made a very interesting pair. 
Amatucci pulled ahead and stopped at reception. “Hey Josie, how’s Gregory?” he asked, not bothering to set his briefcase down. 
The petite redhead startled as she looked up. A huge smile washed the surprise away. “Mr. Amatucci. He’s doing great. Tell your momma thank you for the remedy. Worked like a charm and I’ve actually gotten to sleep more than an hour at a time.”
He patted the countertop a couple times. “Great. My associate here and I have an appointment with Jerrod. Is he in by chance?”
Josie dropped her vibrant blue eyes to the screen that lit her face slightly. She tracked her gaze over the screen, nodded. “Yes. His last appointment ended just now. You should be free to go on up. Would you like me to call ahead for you?” She raised the phone.
The ass flashed her a megawatt smile. “No, thanks. We’ll just go on up. Give my love to your nonna.”
Josie smiled. “She’s still waiting for you to marry her.”
The ladies man beside me laid his hand against his heart. “She is too much woman for me. She’ll break my heart.”
Josie’s cooing laugh filled the lobby. “I’ll tell her you said so.”
“I hope you do. Bye now.”
“Bye, Mr. Amatucci.”
We headed for the bank of elevators. I waited until we were inside to start speaking. “Laying it on a little thick, yeah?”
Amatucci smiled. “Only if you’re not interested in special treatment. Like I said, most of my time here has been quite enjoyable.”
I huffed a laugh. “You guys seem pretty chummy with the law enforcement of New Trenadie. How does that work?”
He shook his head. 
The elevator dinged, cutting me off before I could ask any other questions. He strode out of the car and straight through the lobby into the opposite office. Another assistant guarded this door. 
I smiled when I saw it was Brian. I was looking forward to seeing how Amatucci dealt with a male assistant. This was going to be great. 
“Mr. Hertman, how’s your mother?” Amatucci asked.
Fuck.
“Mr. Amatucci, welcome. She’s good. Sends her love to yours. Mr. Wright is ready for you.” Brian waved us back to his boss's sanctum. 
Amatucci smirked at me as we headed down the short hallway. “Thought you had me.”
The door opened before I could say anything else. Games were forgotten as I remembered why I was here. Blackmail and threats. I didn’t take too kindly to either. 
“Nico, what can I do for you today?” District Attorney Wright said, a glowing smile on his face. He rose to his feet, hand held out for a shake.
Damn. I really needed to learn Amatucci’s secrets. 
Amatucci shook the proffered hand, turned to me. “This is Ryker Penn, personal friend of the family.”
I quelled the jolt of shock that ran through my body at that relationship tie-in. I wasn’t sure I wanted to be a close personal friend of the Amatucci crime family. But apparently, I’d been granted the distinction anyway. 
Wright stuck out his hand to me, a confused look on his face. “Mr. Penn, I’ve heard great things about you and your company.” He waved us to take seats. “What can I do for you gentlemen today?”
Well, at least now I understood why Amatucci said he would take the lead. I wondered if they played golf on the weekends.
“Mr. Penn was helping a family friend at the hospital yesterday evening. We have security evidence of such and I want it on record that he acted with my full support and permission.”
Wright’s expression froze in polite interest. “That’s great. We can always use more good Samaritans in New Trenadie. Why exactly are you coming to me with this?”
I cleared my throat, drawing Wright’s attention. “I was called very early this morning and threatened by John Cavendish, Jr. He stated that if I didn’t bribe you or the police into dropping the charges against his son, that my behavior in the hospital and the damning security footage would be leaked to the media with whispers of kidnapping.”
Wright interlocked his fingers on his desk. He looked back at Amatucci. “But you’re saying this is untrue. That the person he was taking from the hospital was not actually kidnapped. That he was helping you.”
Amatucci nodded. “Exactly. You’re aware of Willow Chase and the…incidents surrounding her divorce.”
Wright nodded, a quick dip of the chin. He set his jaw, his nostrils flaring. “And Ms. Chase was the woman who had been removed from the hospital.” He made it a statement, not a question. 
Amatucci nodded again. “Exactly. We admitted her under a fake name due to issues with Dr. Errington.”
I blew out a low breath. I finally had the fucker’s name. 
“He somehow managed to discover her whereabouts. While he was having Talia physically removed from the room—by security guards, no less—Willow was able to escape. She made it to the stairwell where Mr. Penn found her. While helping her down the remainder of the stairs, she lost consciousness. He phoned me. After deliberation, it was decided that Willow should be taken to Mr. Penn’s penthouse where my brother, Rafe, could continue her care.” Amatucci’s fingers were wrapped around the arms of the chair so hard his knuckles were white. 
Wright turned back to me. “Do you have proof that Cavendish threatened to blackmail you?”
“Yes. I recorded the second call after I hung up on him the first time.”
Wright and Amatucci whistled. 
I shrugged. “I have not only the phone call, but I had my IT expert dig up the trail from him to the hospital. The security footage was obtained illegally. My expert has provided me with the evidence. According to her, the evidence is admissible in court by some kind of precedent.” I put a jump drive on the table, slid it towards him. 
Wright didn’t touch it. He turned back to Amatucci. “Your evidence?”
Amatucci slid over a sheet of paper. 
Wright’s gaze skimmed over it quickly, his eyebrows raising as he got to the end. “And you’re sure you want to go this route? Errington’s got deep pockets and a long reach.”
Amatucci nodded. 
I spoke up. “I don’t know what’s on that paper, but I’ll throw my weight behind it if it’s against Errington personally. Ms. Chase was out of her mind terrified of him. She’s lost most of her memory from that night that can be attested to by at least three Amatuccis.”
Wright scooped up the flash drive, added it to the paper. “What are the charges against the younger Cavendish?” He turned to his computer. 
“Assault, battery, public intoxication, destruction of private property, lewd misconduct,” Amatucci reeled off. 
Both Wright and I looked at him. 
He shrugged. “Everett Cavendish is the reason Willow ended up in the hospital anyway. He attempted to touch my sister without her permission. Willow stopped that attack. In doing so, Cavendish stumbled into the table. It fell against her. Cavendish then proceeded to fall into the table that had crushed Willow. Her legs suffered extensive bruising. Her ability to walk has been impaired. She also suffered a concussion, scalp contusion, and frequent loss of consciousness.” Amatucci’s words were clipped, anger deepened the fire of his low voice. 
Wright’s blue eyes widened. “And his father wants these charges dropped why?”
“According to the conversation with the older Cavendish, Everett won’t get to go to Harvard if he’s charged with all of this,” I said. The idiot was lucky he wasn’t fish food at the moment. 
Wright shook his head. “And you’re bringing this all to me out of the goodness of your hearts?”
Amatucci laughed. “You know I don’t have any goodness in my heart, Wright. But I want him punished. If it hadn’t been Willow and Tali, it would have been someone else’s sister, daughter, friend. That behavior isn’t tolerated in my club.”
Wright’s brows rose. “Cavendish did all this in Chaos?”
Amatucci nodded. Pulled a flash drive from his briefcase. “Security camera footage.” He set it on Wright’s desk with great care. “He doesn’t slip the leash this time, Jerrod.” His voice was steel. 
Wright nodded. “Everett has been in and out of here for all kinds of petty shit. His daddy usually buys off the plaintiff. If everything in your information checks out, I’ll prosecute him, Amatucci. You’ve got my word.”
Amatucci nodded. 
Wright looked at me. “As to your involvement, Mr. Penn, this could open you and your company up to close scrutiny. Is that something you’re willing to have happen?”
I nodded immediately. “You can have anyone look through PennCorp. Since taking it from my father, it’s been on the up and up. Not a single shade of gray remains. I would ask, that if you do need to do an investigation, that a select few be entrusted with the information as I have a number of sensitive deals in the works.”
Wright nodded. “Of course. We’ll see if it gets to that level. Assuming everything you’ve told me is true and verifiable, I’m sure we can charge him without a lot of media craze.”
I snorted. Shot him a wry smile. 
He had the grace to flush. “Right. Well, a media craze that hopefully dies down pretty quickly. How about that?”
“Better.”
Amatucci shifted in his seat. “I’ll sign an affidavit that Penn was working on my behest. That he removed Willow with my permission. I’m Willow’s medical power of attorney. Errington shouldn’t have been able to get within fifty feet of her. I even informed him of this before he tried to enter the room.”
Wright’s eyes flinched in surprise. “Run that part back for me.”
Amatucci laid out the facts about the hospital visit from start to finish. His hands were clenched around the arms of the chair again by the time he was done. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. 
“And you have the Protection from Abuse order? It’s still valid?” Wright asked. 
Amatucci nodded, pulled out another sheet of paper. Slid it over the table.
“Is Ms. Chase open to a forensic nurse exam?” Wright asked. 
Amatucci growled. “She wasn’t raped.”
Wright shook his head. “No, thank God that didn’t happen. However, we need to get high-res images of the bruising on file. I can probably win the case without them, but if you’re wanting to stick it to Cavendish and send him upstate for prison bitch selection, the pictures will go a long way to making that happen faster.”
I bit my cheek. She wasn’t mine. She wasn’t mine. She wasn’t mine. I repeated it over and over and over. She would hate that. In the minutes I’ve known her, I knew she wouldn’t want to be splashed across the pages or have anything to do with being in the media. If pictures of her were taken for a case, they became public record. 
But that asshole Cavendish needed to get ass raped in prison by a bevy of Billys and Brunos. If John had gotten his son’s charges dropped before, this could be one of the few times that the charges could be made to stick. 
“I’ll ask her. But I won’t force her to come here.”
Wright nodded. “It wouldn’t be here. It would be at the hos—”
“Abso-fucking-lutely not,” I interrupted. “She ran from him. Down six flights of stairs without shoes on while she was essentially delirious. No. Arrange for the forensic nurse to do an exam somewhere else.”
Wright leaned back in his chair. “It has to be done in a medical facility for it to be admissible in court, Penn. The nurse can’t just go on a fucking photo shoot. Not and preserve evidence the way it needs to be.”
Amatucci waved his phone at me, catching my attention. 
GOOD SHEPHERD scrolled across the screen. 
Fuck!
I nodded at Amatucci. 
“If I can set up a legal, secure setting for the exam, will the photos remain admissible?” Amatucci asked, his voice low and calm against the anger that flashed like fire from me. 
Wright turned again. Nodded. “As long as it’s recognized and certified as a Class 1 medical facility with appropriate locks and guards on their system, then yes. Ms. Chase can go to a different facility.”
I let out a breath. “What about the nurse?”
Wright tapped his fingers against the desk blotter. “We have a team of five SANE/SART nurses who are qualified to do the exam. Since GMH serves all of New Trenadie and some of the smaller surrounding areas, they mostly stay at GMH. All forensic cases are brought to GMH.”
“Can we pay one to go to the outside facility? Personally hire him or her?” I asked. 
Wright shook his head. “No, that could muddy the waters. I’ll see what I can do about getting a court order to cover the exam in an outside facility.” He swallowed. “This is all predicated on the idea that Ms. Chase allows the exam.” He looked at Amatucci. 
The mafia lawyer smiled tightly. “Excuse me, gentlemen. Let me make a phone call.” He got up from his chair and moved to the far side of the expansive room. 
I cleared my throat, drawing Wright’s attention back to me. “This outside facility…I’m a significant donor. Is that going to be an issue?”
Wright’s entire face pinched. “Shit.” He rubbed a hand down his face. “When’s the last time you sat in a board meeting?”
I shook my head. “I’m not on the board. My CFO takes care of all the charitable giving of PC.”
“You have no say in how the funds are spent or in which department?” 
I shook my head. “No. The owners came to me after they helped a family member. Wondered if I would be willing to help their cause. I readily agreed.”
“Was this donation and any following done in a quid pro quo manner?”
I shook my head again. “No. I suggest tech upgrades—and don’t even require they use PC for them—on an annual basis. I signed off on the rolling annual donation, but that’s all of my involvement.”
“Do you attend any fundraisers publicly where PC is the majority donor for this facility?”
Another head shake. “No. I make it a habit to not go to functions.”
He smiled. “I wish I had that luxury.”
I shot him a wolf’s grin. “One of the few benefits to being in charge.”
He acknowledged that with a dip of his chin. “If we can show that no favoritism or quid pro quo has been established or is ongoing, then we should be fine, legally. If any of that status changes, I need immediate updates.” He drilled me with a stern look. 
I nodded. “Agreed and understood.”
He nodded, turned. He made a note on one of the pads he had littering the credenza behind him. 
Amatucci came back. “She’s agreed on the condition it not be at GMH and that the nurse is a female. She asks that a rape kit not be done due to no sexual contact.”
Wright nodded, made some more notes. “That’s fine. The rape kit is in conjunction with the forensic exam in most cases. But it can certainly be left out. Does Ms. Chase have a preference in the age of the nurse?”
Amatucci shook his head. “No, but I would say send your most empathetic but not overly touchy-feely one. Will doesn’t do well with pity and casual touching.”
Wright wrote some more. “Anything else?”
Amatucci sat quiet for a moment. “The nurse needs to talk to Will while the exam is going on. No silent observer bullshit. Willow will either shut down or run out of there. Neither is to happen if you want those photos.”
Wright nodded. “I think I know who to request for the court order. I’ll see if she’s available and then write up the request. I should have an answer by the end of day.” He looked up again. The intelligence and the thrill of the hunt lit his eyes. “Anything else, gentlemen?”
Amatucci and I looked at each other. Looked back at Wright. “No.” We said it in unison. 
Wright smiled, stood. 
We stood as well. Another round of hand shaking. Wright walked us to the door. “You two make an odd pairing in legal matters. But damn if you aren’t efficient with it.” 
I could feel the scowl on my face. Looked at Amatucci’s. He had a matching one. 
Wright laughed. “Have a good day, gentlemen. I’ll call as soon as I have an answer for you.”
We nodded and took the elevator back down to the ground floor. 
We slid into the car and the driver pulled us away from the curb. 
“How is she?” I asked Amatucci. 
He snarled. “She’s not your concern, Penn. But since you’re helping with Errington and Cavendish, I’ll share. She’s fine. Understandably upset about everything, but Rafe’s with her. He’s the best of us, he’ll get her through whatever trauma this is bringing up for her.”
Chapter 12 – Willow 

I could feel the bile pushing at the back of my throat. “Hurry, Rafe.” We were standing outside the door of my apartment after the prep shopping we’d done for my parties this weekend. 
Finally, he got the door unlocked. He dropped our stuff and picked me up and rushed me to the bathroom. We made it just as my stomach gave its last shove towards victory.
“Fucking Nico,” Rafe said as he held my hair back as I emptied my stomach into the toilet again. I barely had time to wipe my mouth before more came gushing from me. He held me tight against his body. My abused legs were unable to support me or allow me to bend.
Finally. Finally, he was going to pay. Granted, I didn’t want it to be this way, but if this whole thing could be over? I’d submit to the rape kit even. They could poke, prod, take pictures of anything they wanted if it meant he would finally be stripped of his medical license and put behind bars. 
Another round of heaves shook my body as the five years of horror and terror played in my mind like it was on a big screen. I squeezed my eyes shut, tried to push the thoughts away. 
“Will?” Rafe asked, his voice low. 
I shook my head as tears trailed down my cheeks. “Help me.”
He sucked in a breath. “Aw, baby. I can’t. Not like that.”
My heart broke. “Please, Rafe. Please.” I brought my hands up to cover my face, shame and guilt drowning me. 
“Fuck.” He squeezed me tighter. But not tight enough. 
The huge yawning wound in my mind tried to swallow me whole. It sucked me down and forced me to watch as the worst parts of my life infiltrated my mind. The memories trapped me mentally as I had been trapped physically. 
“Fuck!” Rafe yelled, startling me for a brief moment in time. 
But it wasn’t enough. It wasn’t enough to pull me out of it. To save me from it. That nothingness that had been an unending nightmare. 
“What the fuck is going on?” Dom said from behind us. 
“Help me, Dom. Please help me.” I reached out for him blindly, tried to find him when my brain was dark. 
The black pulled me under again, made me numb to the room around me. 
But they were too late. We were all too late. He had found me. Pulled me back and forced me to watch. 
Again. 

**

“Fucking look at me, Willow. You want to save her, don’t you?” Ethan said, his voice warm and soft. 
The girl in his arms couldn’t be any older than fifteen. Her young body already slashed to ribbons by the scalpel he held. Her blood dripped from the cutting implement designed to help heal people. 
I looked at her eyes. Mostly swollen shut, the blue irises were hazed and unfocused. Good. I hoped she’d found a happy place. A place where he couldn’t hurt her. 
A place I was never allowed to find. 
I tried to get my tongue to move, my lips to move. Any part of me to move. But I couldn’t. I was locked in this hellscape with no way to flee.
He sliced her again. Part of her flesh fell to the plastic lined floor. 
She didn’t move. Didn’t jerk. Nothing. Lifeless as a doll. At least she had that small blessing.
Ethan sneered. “That’s all you’ve got, Willow? That’s pathetic. Try again and make me believe it or her death will be on your hands.”
I used every part of me to move, to flutter an eyelash, to save her with some kind of movement. But I failed. I failed with this mother’s baby who didn’t deserve to be abducted by a sociopath.
Just like all the others I couldn’t save. The countless mothers, babies, sisters, girlfriends, fiancés I’d been unable to save. Like ticker tape, they flashed through my mind. Every ethnicity, every race, every age between eleven and twenty-five, every body type. They didn’t matter to him. Not really. They only mattered as leverage for the horror he inflicted on me. 
And that…that was the fact that damned me to hell. I hadn’t been strong enough. Been able to fight the drugs well enough. I wasn’t strong enough when I finally got to leave the prison I called a home. I wasn’t brave enough to tell someone what was happening. 
They were dead. 
And it was all my fault. 

**

Pain—sweet and beautiful—slid through my mind. Forced the memories back into the deep dark place I kept them. I came back to my body with a sharp short scream. 
My eyes flashed open. Light seared through my nerves as cold wet agony slammed through my body. My head fell back on a gasp. 
“That’s enough, Penn. Touch her again and I’ll fucking kill you right here,” Dom shouted from far away. 
Something grabbed my chin, pulled my head down. 
Brilliant green eyes probed my own. “You back, cupcake?”
A smile pulled my mouth wide. “You saved me again.” The words were barely audible. 
Ryker tightened his grip on my chin. “What’s my name?”
My eyelids drooped low for a moment. “Ryker.”
“Ryker what?”
“Ryker Penn.”
“Open your eyes, cupcake. I need to see those pretty eyes.”
My lids felt like weights, but I got them up enough to see his handsome face. I’d been lying before. He definitely was in the same league as Chris Hemsworth. 
Ryker’s lips quirked. “I’m going to remind you of saying that. What’s your name?”
I tsked him. “Not remembering a lady’s name is in poor manners, Mr. Penn.” My lids tried to close again as another surge of pain swept through my mind. 
“Name or the pain ends,” Ryker snarled. 
My eyes popped open. “Willow Koa Chase. Don’t let it stop. Please, Ryker. You have to keep me here. Don’t let it get me.” I could feel the tears burning, pushing at the back of my throat. He couldn’t let the memories win. He couldn’t do that to me. Not when he was the only one here to help me. Please. 
Another hot surge of pain floated through my mind. 
I sighed as I tried to bundle myself up in it. Wear that prickly warmth like a favorite blanket on a cold night. 
Ryker slapped my cheek lightly. “Come all the way back or it ends and I’ll make sure you never get anymore, cupcake. You don’t want to play that game with me.”
I could hear someone, or maybe two someones, moving around outside my bedroom door. Their voices were familiar, but I couldn’t place them at the moment. 
“Sharp or thudding?” Ryker asked. 
I shivered. “Either. Both, depending.”
“On?”
“My mood,” I answered. I was trying to get my brain to do it’s damn job. There was no way I was risking not ever getting pain again. I was trying to do what he told me to do. Some part of me wanted to because he asked me to. And not just because he’d threatened me with the lack of pain. 
“Whips?” he asked, his voice clearer to my ears. 
I shrugged. Felt myself list off to the side.
“Shit. Don’t do that.” His hands readjusted on my back. “Another concussion shouldn’t be on your agenda. Whips?”
“Not a huge fan.”
“Any particular reason?”
“Sound they make.” I shuddered. “Do you like whips?”
“They have their place.” 
My brain did another filter and I could finally see beyond the green of his eyes. His lush mouth, his dark lashes, his brown brows. They all came together in a seriously sexy package. 
“Back with me?” he asked. 
I nodded. “I think so.”
“Can you feel this?” 
One of his hands moved, but I didn’t feel anything else. 
I shook my head. 
“Fuck.” He bumped his knee into my leg. My bruise. 
I inhaled sharply as another surge of spiky aching throbbing shot through me. 
He laid his forehead against mine. “Fuck, you wear pain well. When you’re under me, I’m going to give you so much pain and pleasure that your brain won’t be able to sort it out. You’ll be a writhing mass of sensation and naked nerve endings. Your cunt will—”
I pressed my mouth to his to get him to shut up. He couldn’t say those things. Not to me. I didn’t do sex. Not now. Not ever.
I pulled back as I felt him respond. 
He chased me with his mouth. His cheeks were flushed. 
“Ryker. Stop.” I tried to get out of his grip. 
He jerked to a halt, blinked quickly. 
I felt my lips tilt up at our strange role reversal. “Are you back with me?” I asked. 
He narrowed his eyes at me. “Yes. Why’d you pull back? Your mouth was built for sin.”
I grimaced. “Maybe, but it doesn’t do any sinning anymore. I don’t do sex. Ever.”
His eyes widened as his mouth fell open. He studied me for a moment. Closed his mouth. He looked me straight in the eye. “Maybe not right now. But yes, you will. And it’s going to be with me.”
Some deep part of me yearned. Wanted. Begged. I shook my head. “No.” I brushed my lips to his in thanks. “But thank you for saving me. Again.”
His eyes flicked back and forth as he searched my gaze. After a moment, he nodded. Stepped back, his arms on my hips instead of curled around my back. “You’re welcome.”
That deep part of me that yearned, shattered. 
Chapter 13 – Ryker 

The slightest downturn edged her sexy as fuck mouth when I accepted her gratitude. I wasn’t giving up the mission to get her in my bed, but I knew bulldozing her wasn’t going to get me where I wanted to be. Under her. Over her. Inside her. 
It might not be tonight or even next week. But I would wear her down. I could give her what these Amatuccis were too fucking scared to give her. 
I don’t know how they held out against her begging. Domenico and I had walked in, joking about something stupid when Rafe had yelled fuck like his soul was being ripped from his chest. 
I’d pushed both Amatuccis away as I ran for her. Tears streamed down her cheeks, her voice quavered as she asked them to save her. They’d shaken their heads and denied her mercy. They claimed to love her, but would only love her in ways they found acceptable. Regardless of what she actually needed. 
Actually hurting her, knowing I caused her physical damage, did something to my heart and soul. But I wasn’t willing to let my squeamishness get in the way of saving her. To give her the lifeline she clearly needed. 
I’d ground my knee into her bruised thighs three times before the pain actually soaked through whatever nightmare had caught her. I’d prayed it would be enough to reach her. I didn’t want to get too physical with her in case she came back in worse mental shape than she’d gone in. 
But like rising from a pool of water, she was wiped clean with the pain. Her face had softened and a flush kissed her cheeks. Her breathing had evened out and her body melted against me. 
Had we not had an audience and I’d had her full consent, I would have taken her right there against the bathroom wall. But as dark as some of my kink got, I did nothing with women who had not fully, consciously consented to everything. My interview process made hiring for Fortune 500 look like a quickie. And that was just for my casual sexual partners. It said nothing of long-term subs like Synra. 
That process was going to get an overhaul to get Willow in my bed. I looked down at her again. The sundress she wore gave her an air of innocence that I was forced to acknowledge. 
“Feeling better?” I asked her. 
She nodded. “You can let me go now.” She patted my chest. 
I snorted. “I’ll let you go when I want to, cupcake.”
She glared up at me. “No. You’ll let me go when I want you to. It’s my body. I make the decisions about it.” She drilled her finger into my breastbone. 
My brows popped up. “Is that so?”
She nodded. 
I let her go. 
Her legs buckled. 
I caught her before she dropped to the floor. “I wasn’t saying that because I’m an asshole—although, I am. I was saying it because your body isn’t ready to hold you up yet.”
She glared at me again. “Then you should have just said that. Don’t play games with me, Ryker.”
I nodded. “I’ll remember that.” She flirted like a professional, but she had very firm, non-negotiable lines on where the fun ended. I’d have to remember that or I’d alienate her. 
That wasn’t something I was willing to do until I’d had my fill of her. Once I was done, she could trundle off to whatever life she had. But I would have her under me in the near future. 
“Ready to try moving again?” I asked her. I winced. “I had to grind my knee into your bruise, so it might actually be a little worse now.”
She petted a hand down my chest. Her gaze was soft. I don’t think she was even aware that she was touching me. Not really. “I needed it. I can deal with the fallout.”
I nodded, shifted my grip on her. Turned us both towards her bedroom. Something about it soothed me. I felt like I had to slow down to inspect it. To ferret out all of its secrets. Just like I was going to do to its owner. 
“Well, then let's go find those men you’ve hooked yourself to.” I started us off at a snail’s pace. 
She laughed softly as she got a death grip on my hand. “They’re really not so bad, you know. I think you’d even like them.”
I snorted. “New Trenadie’s version of mafia and you say they’re not so bad?”
She shrugged. “They aren’t as bad as the NYC Italians, if the stories I’ve heard are true.”
We made it to the living room. Rafe was slumped forward on the couch, his head resting in his hands. He was muttering to himself. I hoped he was kicking his own ass mentally. Man should be shot for letting Willow suffer like that. And over some fucking pain. Weak sister.
“Rafe?” Willow called softly. 
His head jerked up. Stress and grief showed in his dark eyes. He launched himself over the coffee table. Scooped her up into his arms. 
I curled my hands into fists to keep from jerking her back against me. I glared at the youngest Amatucci. Get used to it now, fucker. She’s going to be mine. And then its hands fucking off until I’m done with her. 
He took her back to the couch and put her deep into the corner. He curled around the outer edge of the sofa, a barricade against the world. Against me. 
Bastard. 
They spoke to each other in low tones. At one point, Rafe lowered his head to her shoulder. I couldn’t tell if he was crying or not, but I heard Willow’s sniffles as I watched her hands come up his back. She petted him like he was an overgrown cat. 
I turned away from the loving scene. Love, of any flavor, just gave someone else leverage to get what they wanted. No one ever stayed. They either left physically or checked out mentally. Everyone had their limit to the soft and cuddly. 
I’d already reached mine. 
I grabbed up my suit coat and briefcase. “Call me when you hear from Wright,” I said to Domenico as I headed for the door. I didn’t slam it behind me. But damn did I want to. 
Chapter 14 – Willow 

“Hey sleepy head. Time for dinner,” Tali called sometime later. The last thing I remember was going to sleep after I cried myself out in Rafe’s arms. Dom and Ryker had left as Rafe and I talked. 
I pushed myself upright and slid back into the arm of the couch. My lower body still ached. My right leg definitely more than my left. I still wasn’t angry that Ryker had done it, though. I’d gladly suffer the extra pain to keep the mental demons away. 
I was still a little hurt that Rafe or Dom had been unable to help me. Or rather, unwilling. I knew I shouldn’t be. Knew they just didn’t understand. But their lack of understanding killed something inside me. Slowly. So freaking slowly. 
“What are we having?” I asked as I pushed the morose thoughts away. 
“Lemon garlic chicken and asparagus,” she announced as she turned from the stove. “Sleep well?”
I was in the middle of stretching when she asked, so it took me a hot minute to answer. “Yeah. Pretty well. What time is it?”
“A little after six. Did you get everything done today that you wanted?” She set the copper pan on the trivets she’d laid out. She flapped her hands to dislodge the hot pad mitts. Picked up a lemon and squeezed it over the pan. 
“Not everything, but I can catch up tomorrow assuming I can walk a little easier.” I inhaled deeply. “Damn, Tali, that smells amazing.”
She grinned up at me. “It better. It’s one of your recipes.”
“Grams or Phyllis?”
“Grams.”
I nodded. “Good. I love Phyllis’ recipe, but Grams’ is the best.”
She scooped out portions onto plates and brought them over to the couch. “Here.” She positioned the lap desk over my legs. “Be careful. It’s super hot.”
I nodded and took a big breath. “What did you use on the asparagus?”
She shrugged. “No idea. Some of this, a little of that.”
I rolled my eyes. “You should really be a chef. We could totally work together.”
She laughed. “I only like cooking for family, you know that. Besides, people are always trying to tell me what to do now. I can only imagine how much worse that would be if I were a chef.”
I took a sip of red wine. “True. Clients are bossy bitches.”
She clinked her glass to mine. “To being the top bossy bitches.”
“To bossy bitches.”
She hit the power for the TV, flipped it over to the apps section. “I need some cheerful or sexy. Which do you want?”
“Like you have to ask. Cheerful.” I rolled my eyes. 
She looked at me, her face all screwed up. “You chose wrong. We’re watching sexy.” She stabbed her thumb on the remote. 
“Nooo,” I groaned. The things she found sexy just irritated me. Made me feel itchy in unpleasant ways. 
“Too bad. Besides, this one should be cheerful and sexy. Best of both possible worlds.” She tossed the small remote onto the table…well outside of my reach zone. 
Bitch. 
Her favorite production company’s logo appeared on screen in a deep maroon color. Passionflix. My best friend—the beloved daughter and sister in a mobster family—loved romance books. And movies adapted from those books. And the series adapted from those books. Essentially, if it had been in book form before becoming a movie or tv series, she was all over it like notches on a manwhore’s bed post.
“What’s this one about?” I asked as I cut my chicken breast. Scented steam rose from the meat. 
“Oh you know. Tale as old as time. Girl runs away. Meets super-hot and secretly dominant bar owner. Throws herself at him until he can’t help but respond. Sexy times ensue. Major issue that provides the crux of the plot device. Happy ending.”
I laughed as I was trying to blow on the bite of chicken stuck to the end of my fork. “So we’re watching the movie why?”
“Annie was telling me about it. Now shut up and eat your chicken boobs.” She got down to the business of cutting her meat into quick little bites. Her gaze glued to the screen. 
The movie wasn’t bad. I mean, it wasn’t going to win an Oscar or anything, but I actually enjoyed it. The girl wasn’t some simpering idiot who couldn’t think for herself. She was untrained yes, but she fixed that by jumping in with both feet. And the woman in the movie spoke to my heart. She, too, was a baker.
Whoever was in charge of the sex scenes didn’t make it into a glorified porno. I even got the urge to bake once or twice. Which reminded me of Ryker. That man was something else. In both good and bad ways. 
Bossy enough to make me want to set him on fire with my Brulee torch. Sexy enough to make me want to make cupcakes and lick the extra frosting off his chest. But he’d want more than that, and that I couldn’t give him. So I’d keep my hands and my frosting to myself. 
If I got the overwhelming urge for the brain rush of an orgasm, I’d just use my Satisfyer Pro. A little present to myself for those times when baking just didn’t make my flour rise. Using that little slice of heaven set me up in the O department for at least a fiscal quarter. 
Tali wiped at her cheeks, unembarrassed about her happy tears, as the main characters declared their love and metaphorically danced off into the moonlight. She let out a huge sigh. “See? Perfect blend of cheerful and sexy. You could climb the abs on that bartender, too. Damn.” She waved her hand in front of her face. 
I smiled, a different face flashing in my mind. No. Bad girl. Kick him out. 
I shunted the image of Ryker to the back of my mind with all the other things I didn’t want to deal with. It was getting kind of full in the storage closet of my brain, but I’d just get a better lock for it. 
Tali took my tray and plate, moved them away so I could try to get up. I did a couple more leg bends as I waited for her to come over and help me back into my cool bath for the evening. Which reminded me. 
“Hey, how are we going to do the bath? We have no big strong men readily available if my stupid legs decide not to work.” I looked over towards the kitchen area. 
She was scraping off the food debris into the trash. “True. Want me to call for Rafe or Dom?” She paused. “Or Ryker? I’m sure he’d be here in a hot minute to rescue your naked self.”
I blew a raspberry at her. “Definitely not the last. And probably Rafe. If something happens, he’d be on hand to help.”
She nodded and rinsed the dishes before putting them in the dishwasher. That job done, she picked up her phone. “Hey, Chase is going to try another cool bath. Can you come hang out in case we need help?”
She flashed a bright smile. “Yes. Bring him, too. I haven’t seen him in forever.” She hung up, looked at me. “Massi’s back in town and he’s home!” She did a little dance around the kitchen. When left to her own devices and whatever head music she heard, she didn’t dance very well. 
I smothered the laugh that tried to push from my mouth. “So Mas is coming with Rafe?” I asked. 
Tali nodded—well, headbanged—but I took that as an affirmative. “They should be here—”
“Now,” Rafe finished as he held the door open for the third Amatucci son. 
Massimo Andre Amatucci was walking sin and darkness. Slightly darker than the rest of his brothers, he was quiet, terrifying, and damaged. He’d earned his status of Amatucci Enforcer by the age of eighteen and he’d been doing wet work ever since. 
The Amatucci family didn’t do a lot of wet work, but when they needed to make an impression or to scare the crap out of some of their overseas contacts, Mas was the specter that haunted the night. And brought recalcitrant associates back into line. By whatever means necessary. 
He walked over, no sound of his passing. Just the dark visage of his black clothes in the low lighting. He came around and squatted before me. His dark eyes traced my face, down my body. I knew I wasn’t a potential sexual partner for Mas. In his eyes, I was someone to watch over. Protect. Much like his biological sister. No, he’d been one of the first to provide me protection and belonging. 
“Feeling better?” he asked, his voice a harsh, grating whisper. His vocal cords had been damaged during a fight. He’d never speak louder than a whisper. But for his job, I think it just lent an additional air of mystery and terror. He ran his hand lightly down the bruised flesh of my legs. 
I nodded. “Yes. Much.” I grabbed his hand, held it in mine. “How are you?”
His dark eyes shuttered. “Good.”
My heart ached for him. The loneliness oozed from him, but he’d never complained about his position in the family. Never fought to get a different one. He’d once told me that he did it to spare his brothers an eternity in hell. That if he could save them the soul-stain of drawing blood from others, he would do it for a thousand years. 
I nodded and smiled like I always did. “Where were you this time? Best color.”
He tipped his head to the side, a hint of his personality peeking back through. “Purest sapphire by day, indigo by night.”
I sucked in a breath. “Jealous.”
The corner of his lips ticked up. “You want to go traveling? We can go anywhere we want on the jet.”
I shook my head. “No. I’m just jealous of the colors you get to see. Take any pictures?” I was always looking for new color inspiration for my pastries and confections. I’d made a reputation for myself for having some of the best color palette cohesion…the joke was on the public. I just copied from nature. 
He pulled his phone from his pocket. Hit a few buttons and handed it to me. “See for yourself.”
I oo’ed and ah’ed. The man might be able to kill you with a toothpick and a piece of dental floss, but he had creativity in his soul. Once I got to the end of the folder, I handed back his phone. “Can I have some print outs?”
He nodded. “Of course.” He stood up, shook out his legs. 
I trailed my gaze up his toned body, met his eyes. “I don’t want pictures of your penis, Mas.” I shot him a wink. 
His gravelly whispering laugh was beautiful. “I wasn’t offering. Tali said you needed help moving. Let’s get to it. I’d like to sleep before the sun comes back up.” He put his hands out for me to take. 
I swung my legs to the floor. Well, I tried. I pushed them off the side of the couch, but it doesn’t sound nearly as elegant that way. 
Grabbing Mas’ hands, I let him pull me up to my feet. Surprisingly, the quick shift of pain wasn’t as bad this time around. A few moments of brain searing tingles and then they drifted away. 
His eyes hardened as he looked down at my face. “Name.”
I glared up at him. “You want that, you ask Dom. I won’t help tarnish your soul, Mas.” I brushed a hand over his heart. 
His eyes closed for a moment, the corners of his mouth dipping down by the slightest margin. He leaned forward, pressed his lips to my forehead. “Bath time, little sister,” he said as he pulled back. 
I nodded and followed him to the bathroom connected to my bedroom. He was slow and gentle as we navigated the furniture I’d refused to have moved. I needed to get better, not coddle myself by making it easier to walk around. 
“Are you going to be ready for your parties this weekend?” he asked as he turned on the lights in the bedroom. 
I smiled, shook my head. The man had been out of the country for at least three weeks and he knew my schedule. “Yeah. And I’ve recruited everyone to help if I’m not.”
He sent me a smile. “I’ll be there. You can order me around. And I’ll take care of my brothers who don’t want to be bossed around.” He bumped his shoulder into mine softly. 
“Thank you. Rafe was already whining that I’m bitchy when I’m bossy.” I leaned up against the wall as he turned to flip on the water. 
He chuckled softly. “That’s because Rafe’s the whiny bitch and he doesn’t like anyone taking his title.”
I had to lean forward to hear him over the roar of the water, but we managed. 
He turned back to me. “Sleep wear?”
“Tank and boy shorts, please.”
He nodded and moved back to the bedroom. 
While he was gone, I took my dress off and slid into the water. Hissing out a breath at what felt like freezing water, I had to wait for my arms to stop shaking before I could sit down. It seemed I needed to add some upper body strength exercises to my regular routine. I was a wimp with noodle arms. 
I got halfway down in the water before my arms gave out. I landed with a huge thud and splash. Not to mention a guttural scream. 
In no time, three Amatucci siblings were crowding into my bathroom. 
“I’m fine. My arms gave out. I plopped down the last few inches.” I rolled my eyes at myself. I wasn’t usually klutzy. The fact that I couldn’t really rely on my body right now was really starting to piss me off. 
Rafe and Mas exited, leaving Tali there with the clothes Mas had handed off to her.
“How is he?” Tali asked. Sorrow leached the dazzle from her dark eyes. “Massi.”
I shrugged. “Not too bad. He’s definitely been worse. You should see his pictures this time though, Tali. He’s getting so good. Probably good enough to have his own showing.”
She laughed, but the sound ripped my heart instead of lifted it. “He’d never do that. Wouldn’t let any of us do it for him either. He thinks this is all he’s good for.”
I reached out a hand for her. 
She slid hers in mine and we sat there in silence. 
Chirping broke the melancholia that had settled in the bathroom. 
“Let’s try this a different way.” Tali kicked off her shoes after she turned off the alarm on her phone. She hit the button for the drain and we waited while the water slid away.
Using a separate towel, she wiped up the bottom and sides of the tub as best she could. Tossing that towel away, she then stepped into the tub, her feet on either side of my hips. Raising each of my arms, she dried them off with a different towel. Ditching that one, she said,  “Arms up,” as she crouched down. 
I wrapped my arms around her shoulders and worked to get my feet under me as she raised my upper body slowly. I envisioned us in my mind as the intricate dance of two women in the shower played in my mind. She had me pressed against the wall, her body helping keep me upright. 
She gradually lifted and pushed as I used my heels to help in whatever I could. Stuffing my face against her body, I made silly groaning noises into her neck and shoulder. “Oh Tali, so good. Yes.”
We were both laughing so hard by the time I got out of the tub that I almost fell over because my stomach was aching so bad. We stood there, one of us fully clothed holding the other completely naked with a towel between us. Propped up against each other, trying to not lay either of us flat on the floor. 
“Everything okay in here?” Rafe asked from behind Tali. “Sounded like things were getting a little interesting for a minute there.”
We burst into renewed laughter. By the time we got our giggles under control, he’d gone again. Tali helped dry me off. I pulled on the tank top while she ducked down, my boy shorts in her hands. Using the counter for balance, I slipped each foot into the correct hole of the shorts. 
She had them up and in place before I could take a good breath. “All good, sis. Feeling okay?” 
I nodded, smiled. “So much better. Damn that Ryker.”
She snorted. Palmed something from the counter. Held out a glass of water. “Bottom’s up.” She dropped the two small pills in my palm. 
I sipped some water into my mouth without swallowing, tipped my head back, let the anti-inflammatory medicine drop into my mouth and hurried to swallow everything before my gag reflex could get involved. I really only gagged when it came to meds. I smacked my lips after I drained my glass. “Night night time.”
Tali nodded. “Thank the goddess.” She held her arm out so I could use her as a balancing option and we slowly made our way back into my bedroom. She helped me fall into bed and get my legs situated before crawling in over me. 
“Night, shower lover,” she said softly. 
“You dry me so well. Night night.” 
We both burst into laughter again. It tapered away as we fell into sleep. 
Chapter 15 – Willow 

I knew I was dreaming. But even knowing that didn’t help ease the terror that held me captive. My body was stuck as my brain raged. 
I came to already strapped down and immobilized. The tube in my mouth forced air into my lungs. He stood over me, his handsome face stretched into polite lines. “You have to do better this time, Willow. She’ll die if you don’t. Do you understand?” 
Just as I was getting some feeling back in my fingers, I saw him depress the plunger on the syringe that he’d inserted into the IV line he’d set up in my arm. 
“-ease don do is,” I said, my words garbled around the tube in my mouth. I knew any begging was futile before he started. I had about thirty seconds before everything shut down again. 
“You know why I’m doing this, Willow. I’m going to save lives. It’s you who are causing all of the failures and errors. How do you think it makes me feel when I have to throw another subject away just because you can’t get your mind in the game? All of these deaths are on your head. No one else’s.”
I felt the lead invade my veins. My muscles stopped responding to any messages. Nothing worked. My chest moved, but not because of any signal from my brain. He put the ventilator harness over my mouth as I slumped back into the bed.
From my research, I knew I had about twenty minutes before the sedative kicked in and I would essentially be dead to the world. He stole control of my body before stealing control of my mind. 
His shoes squeaked and squawked on the plastic he’d laid on the floor as he moved around the hospital bed he’d set up for me six months after our honeymoon. I hadn’t been sick. But he had. And I was living proof that judging a book by its cover was a dangerous game. 
He stepped into the other room. He was back in moments, his latest victim a silent wraith. She was nothing but skin and bone, her belly sucked in so far I could see the point on the base of her sternum. Her hair was chopped off at odd angles and her skin had a yellow cast to it. 
Track marks and old needle injection sites lined her inner arms. Her elbows were sharp points that connected the fragile sticks of her upper and lower arms. But thankfully, mercifully, her eyes were already dead. She’d left this life long ago. It was only her body that hadn’t gotten the message. 
“Now, let’s begin,” Ethan said. He grabbed his first implement, a modified taser. He thumbed the switch and put it against her belly. 
Her body jerked and twitched in a sick paroxysm of dancing. Her eyes rolled back into her head and she collapsed against him. 
Deep inside my mind, where he’d trapped me, I smiled. She’d bested him in the first round. 
As he dropped her body, his handsome face morphed into that of the monster he carried under a thin shell of charm and doctorly superiority. His crystalline blue eyes lit from within like a demon inhabited his body. I could have sworn his skin withered slightly over his facial bones, but that was probably just the sedative playing tricks with my mind. 
As her body hit the floor, he stood back. His chest heaved as his fists clenched. Between one breath and the next, he was stomping on her. I could hear the thin, snapping cracks. The deeper crush of shattered bones. The thick noises of entrails being squished under foot. It was a distinct noise I knew I’d recognize for the rest of my life. 
And just as quickly as he started, he stopped. All motion ceased. 
He pushed his hair back, straightened his tie, his lab jacket. Wiped a hand over his face. Then he smiled at me as if I’d made some funny little quip over an intimate dinner. 
He approached the bed. Speckles of blood dotted every inch of him. One particular bead of crimson hung from the end of his nose like a tear. 
I fought the sedative, knew—even without definite proof—what was going to happen next. The very fibers of my soul screamed and writhed as he brushed a blood-splattered hand through my bleached blonde hair. With his other hand, he kissed his fingers and laid them against the ventilator harness that kept me alive during these little experiment sessions. 
“You’re so stunning, Willow. Every part of you. If you could just master the potential of your mind, you would be perfect in every possible way.” His breathing picked up. His panting breaths thick and heavy against my cheek. 
Unable to move, to evade, he caught my face and turned me towards him. He removed the harness for a brief moment so he could lay his lips to mine. Just as my body was screaming for oxygen, he replaced it. 
“Sleep well, my beauty. I’ll see you when you awaken.” He brushed his hand down my cheek as the lights went out in my brain. 

**

I jerked upright in bed so fast I didn’t have a chance to feel the protest of my legs. My scream echoed through the room, slapped me in the face. 
At the first sign of trouble, Tali rolled off the other side of the bed. As she popped up to her feet, her gun—a smooth and sexy Glock 19—was aimed and ready in her hands. “Come out here with your hands up, assmunch.”
Tears prevented me from laughing. All I could do was curl in on myself and try to let my soul heal with the washing flood of tears. 
“Oh, baby,” Tali cooed. The slight thump of the gun on the nightstand, and then I was cuddled in her arms. She ripped the blanket off the foot of the bed, wrapped it around me. “I’ll go stop the boys from invading.” She pressed a kiss to my head. 
I pulled the blanket up and over my head. I was such an idiot. Such a whiny baby bitch that I couldn’t get past the horror. 
I didn’t hear the thumps of the impending invasion, but I heard their soft voices as they talked out in the living room. 
“She’s fine. Just a nightmare,” Tali said. 
“Sweet fuck, I thought someone had come in and gotten her,” Rafe said. 
I imagined him running a hand through his long hair right before he got sla—
SMACK! The sound of flesh against flesh was as familiar and comforting as Mama’s lasagna. 
“Hey, watch it.”
“Like I would let anyone take her from under my nose. Asshole. You can leave now. I’ve got her.” 
A smile pulled at my mouth as the mental image of her standing at the door imperiously pointing the way invaded my mind. It was a welcome distraction from the horror of my reality. 
“I didn’t mean it like that, T. You know that. Come on, don’t be like that,” Rafe cajoled. He was probably giving her puppy eyes. The ones none of them could hold out against. 
A loud smacking kiss, a hoot of victory, and the door slammed. I smiled. These people were my family. My literal safe harbor from the stormy seas of my life. 
Tali stalked back into the room, a box of tissues, a bottle of wine, and half a bag of caramel dark chocolates. Under her free arm was her laptop. She was just as familiar with my nightmare routine as I was. 
I scooted myself up towards the headboard, my arms pathetically weak still. I got a couple pillows stuffed behind me, and Tali helped wedge one under my knees after she dropped the Nightmare Recovery Kit on the bed.
Once we both got comfortable, we queued up the nighttime movie-thon. First up? Transformers. Unrealistic explosions, close to zero believable romance. And not one tear jerking scene in the whole almost-three-hour presentation. 
We recited most of the lines and claimed a different mechanical robot slash car. Bumble Bee was mine and she couldn’t talk me into sharing. The familiar score, the sound of the explosions, the usual script lulled me back to sleep. 
The wine and chocolate may have helped quite a bit, too. My last thought was a prayer to keep me safe from any more bad dreams. I had enough on my plate for tomorrow without compounding it with utterly shitty sleep. 
Fucking nightmares. 
Chapter 16 – Ryker 

“Penn,” I mumbled into the phone. 
“Hello Mr. Penn, I have a Mr. Rafael Amatucci and guest here at reception. I’m calling to verify your connection,” a pleasant feminine voice said down the line. 
My eyes popped open. I turned to see the glowing numbers of the clock on my side table. “It’s four-fucking-thirty in the morning.”
The woman laughed softly. “Indeed, it is. Can you verify the relationship, please, sir?”
I got my head out of my ass. “Yes. Rafael Amatucci is a friend and I’ll vouch for him.” It was the second time in as many days that I’d claimed a closer relationship to an Amatucci than I’d ever thought possible. 
“Thank you, sir. Enjoy your day.” 
“Wait! Is the friend with him a female in her early thirties?” I asked before she could hang up. 
“I can’t answer that information request, sir. If you would like to speak with Mr. Amatucci or his guest, you need to provide the correct name or visit during regular business hours. Have a good day.” The line went dead. 
“Shit.” I rolled up on my elbow as I glared at the phone. I hit the number that had somehow taken up the number one position in my recently called list. 
“For fucks sake, Penn,” Domenico Amatucci said. His voice was sleep rough and pissed. 
Join the fucking club, bro. “Why the fuck is Rafael taking Willow for the forensic exam now? It was scheduled for nine a.m.”
“Because the nurse called Willow. They have mandatory training for certification renewal that she can’t miss. They bumped it up instead of pushing it back. Why does it fucking matter to you?”
“Because the reception nurse at Good Shepherd just called and woke me up. I figured I’d spread the love.” I plopped back down in my bed, scrubbed a hand over my face. 
“Have you heard anything more from Wright or his team?” Domenico asked. 
“Yeah. I got a call last night asking for access to my private and company phone records.”
He heaved a sigh. “Everything going to work out on your end?”
I snarled. “Just like I told Wright, my company is completely clean. My father was the one who did shady business. They can look at anything they want.”
“Ease back, man. I just wanted to make sure you were covered.”
I rolled my eyes, grimaced. “Sorry. I’m just fucking tired of having to answer for my father’s crimes.”
He laughed softly. “I knew of your father, but I didn’t have any dealings with him. I bet Pops did though.”
“Well, if you enjoy sordid drama, questionable ethics, and business deals that screw everyone but the big man himself, then enjoy your research.” I winced as I remembered who I was talking to. I sighed. “Do I need to apologize?”
“For speaking honestly? Never. My family doesn’t do traditional business, that’s true. But we’re honest, ethical, and dependable in those businesses.”
One of my brows raised. “Ethical? Really?”
He laughed again. “I said ethical. Not moral.”
I laughed. “Fair point. Any news on your end from Wright?”
He blew out a long breath. “No. I’m still waiting to hear from my contacts about how Errington found Will at the hospital at all. That’s the part that’s fucking up the flow right now.”
“You want me to ask around? I’m not on their board, but I’m friendly with a couple of the chiefs.”
A low rustling came over the line. “No. Not yet. Let’s keep that in reserve. If my end doesn’t pan out, we can try yours before I move on to more insistent means of communication.”
“Let me know.” I hung up. Scratching a hand down my chest, I figured I might as well get up and get the day going. I was a little surprised my alarm hadn’t woken me. 
Until I remembered what day it was.
Fuck. My mouth pulled down at the edges as I mentally went through my day. I needed to set up a session with Synra. I was going to need the release by the end of this fucking day. 
I pushed out of bed, stomped into the bathroom located at the far end of my room. I got the shower running as I did everything else. I stabbed the button to get the news on as I stepped into the glass shower that was bigger than most people’s dining rooms. 
I’d just tipped my head to rinse my hair when I heard my name on the TV. 
Breaking news: Business tycoon and resident billionaire, Ryker Penn, has been questioned by the DA’s office in conjunction with possible kidnapping charges. He was seen entering and leaving the DA’s office yesterday with the renowned Domenico, his personal attorney. No charges have been filed against Penn, but we’ll keep you up to date with the latest news. 
I slapped the lever to shut off the water. Stormed out of the shower and straight to my bed where I’d left my phone. It rang as I was unlocking it.
“I swear if you’ve had something to do with this, I’ll—” Amatucci shouted. 
“It wasn’t me. Why the fuck would I leak the story I’m trying to keep out of the press? I don’t need this kind of attention for PennCorp. Who on your end has loose lips?”
Amatucci made an animalistic growl. “No one in my business is stupid enough to speak to the press. Shit. Will. Stay close to your phone today, asshole.” He hung up on me. 
I raced back to the bathroom, did a cursory rub down with a towel and moved to my closet to get dressed. I had my own fires to put out with this shitshow. I jammed my legs into my jeans, sat down and pulled on socks and tennis shoes. I elbowed on a shirt before I grabbed up my keys, my phone, and my tablet. 
My later appointment could suck my dick at my casual appearance. I had bigger things to worry about than how my associates thought I should be dressed. Another reason being the boss was so good. It looked like I was going to make those visiting hours at Good Shepherd after all. 

**

“You’re too skinny, baby,” my grandmother said. Her voice was so soft as to be nearly inaudible. Her gnarled hands patted my arm. 
“I’m sorry, Grams. I’ll try to bulk back up for you.” I’d have to buy a whole new set of shirts if I got any bigger. But this was the only woman who owned my heart. I’d do anything to make her happy. 
A ghost of a smile passed over her mouth. “Good. My big strong boy needs to be healthy and vibrant. Not wasting away because he sits behind his desk too long. Ashcroft men are hearty. Not like those namby-pamby Penn boys. Oh, honey, I could tell you stories that would make your ears burn about your grandfather, my Archie. He was so big and strong. Horny as a rabbit. But, oh my stars, did he make me feel good.”
I laughed. My grandfather had been the runt of the Ashcroft line. Which made him about average height in today’s world. He had been a beast of a guy though. Thighs the size of trunks, arms like mountains. 
“I could do the same thing, Grams. So make sure you share accordingly.” I petted her hand. 
She slapped at me. “Oh, you. You shouldn’t be telling ladies about your sexual conquests.”
“I’m just following your lead, you dirty old bird.” I kissed her knuckles. “Everything I know about how I treat ladies, I learned from you.” 
Not exactly true, but I wasn’t about to send my Grams into an early grave with the reality of my sexual preferences. 
“Then you treat them like princesses.” She dipped her chin in authority. “Good. That’s how you’re supposed to treat the love of your life. None of the wishy-washy bullpoop that I see on the television today. Once you find your lady, you wrap her up tight and never let her go.” 
Love was for idiots and fools. I was neither. The kind of love my grandmother was talking about didn’t exist outside of magic or witchcraft. Grams wouldn’t be around long enough for me to find that unicorn. The idea that I was losing her faster than should have been possible slapped me in the face again. 
There was nothing I could do. No amount of money I could donate. Nothing could stop the ravages of time and a deteriorating brain. Dementia was stealing my favorite human and I was helpless and hopeless to stop it. 
Her breathing evened out again as she fell asleep. The nurse came over, checked Grams’ vitals. “She’s good. Just worn out.”
I nodded. Checked my watch. “Where’s Amatucci?”
The nurse shook her head. “I have no idea who that is, I’m sorry.”
I nodded again. Getting to my feet, I leaned down and pressed a kiss to my grandmother’s papery cheek. “I’ll be back soon, Grams. Hang in there for me.”
I walked out of the private room and started towards the main reception desk. Amatucci and Willow were coming from the opposite direction. I studied Willow’s body as she made her way down the hall. Her legs were moving a little better, but she was still needing to use Rafael as a crutch as she walked. 
She saw me watching her. A slight flush rose to her cheeks as she gave me an awkward wave. 
I lifted my chin, hurried my steps slightly. “How did it go?” I asked. 
She shrugged. “At least Steph talked to me. That was my biggest worry, that she would just stand back and go about her business.”
I nodded. Looked at Rafael. “Did the nurse do a good job?”
He looked at me like I was crazy. “I’m not a forensic nurse, man. Nor was I in the room.”
“And my answer should have been enough for you. It was my appointment, not Rafe’s.” Willow glared at me. 
My inner voice mocked me. Way to go, shithead. How many times do we need to go over not alienating the woman you want in your bed? 
Wait. What? Who the fuck said anything about getting her in my bed? She’s getting hooked to the cross where I can use her how I want for as long as I want. My bed wasn’t for subs. Ever.
Keep thinking that, jacknozzle. You won’t get her at all. You don’t deserve her anyway. 
I gritted my teeth. I knew that. It didn’t matter, but I did know that. I was going to have her anyways.
I nodded at the woman causing so much inner turmoil. “You’re right. I apologize. I should have taken your word on the matter.” 
We all turned to walk towards the front door. 
I put out my arm, waited for Willow to grab it. 
She took it almost immediately, a look of relief on her face. “Thank you. Standing for the last hour on cement floors has made my legs ache.” She walked between us as we exited. “You do know today is Tuesday, right?” She looked up at me. 
My brow furrowed. “Yeah, I know that.”
She looked down my body, back up. Her gaze got stuck around my arms before finally lifting back to mine. “You’re wearing jeans, a t-shirt, and sneakers. Is PennCorp so casual during the week?”
I chuckled. “No.” We continued on in silence. 
“And that’s it? That’s all you’re going to give me? No.” She looked up at me as we walked to the black Range Rover near the middle of the empty parking lot. After a moment, she turned back to face forward. “Okay.”
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Rafe shake his head as he rolled his eyes. 
I ground my teeth together. “My grandmother is a patient here. With the news report this morning, I wanted to see her first thing. I’ll change back into my suit later.” Well, no, I wouldn’t. But I couldn’t tell her that. Why I was bothering to tell her anything was beyond me, anyway. I didn’t owe her anything.
Fuck, at last count, I was up to two. She was still slacking back at zero. She owed me, not the other way around. 
She looked up at me again. Her brow furrowed as sympathy deepened the sage green of her eyes. “I’m so sorry to hear about your grandmother. I hope, if it is serious, that you get to spend as much time with her as possible. Losing loved ones is a rare kind of heartbreak.” She bumped her shoulder to my arm briefly before straightening again. 
“What news report?” Rafael asked. 
I filled them in. 
Willow’s eyes widened as she stumbled. I clamped my hand over hers on my arm. Helped stabilize her. “What? What’s wrong?”
“That’s me. They think you kidnapped me. Why would they think that?” She looked between Amatucci and me, horror splashed across her face. 
Rafael’s lip curled up. He gave her a rundown of what was actually happening. Apparently, the Amatucci men shared just about everything with her. I wondered if they treated their sister as an equal partner as well. 
Willow shifted back to watch me once Rafael was done with his story. Her green eyes were stormy and troubled. 
I clenched my free hand into a fist to keep from rubbing a thumb over her bottom lip. They were so plump and soft looking. I bet they’d feel like silk against my own. And heaven around my dick. 
“I’ll make a statement. I can tell the media that you were there to help me. That you didn’t kidnap me at all,” she offered. “I can do that. I can repay you that way.”
The word ‘repay’ coming from her mouth set my teeth on edge. “I don’t need to be repaid for being a nice guy.” Even though I’d just been thinking the same damn thing. Hearing her reduce whatever this was between us to a simple social transaction made me want to rage at something. 
I cleared my throat. “Besides, Domenico is taking care of it.”
She searched my gaze, her beautiful eyes flicking back and forth for a few moments. She nodded. “Okay. But if you need me to talk to anyone, police, security at the hospital, I’ll be there with bells on.” She reached over, patted my hand. “I never thought something like this would happen just because I got a table crashed into me. I’m so very sorry.” She rubbed her palm over the bare skin of my forearm. 
I nodded, pulled away. Uncomfortable with her display of…contrition. She’d done nothing wrong but be a victim. There was literally nothing to apologize for. “I’m glad your appointment went as well as it did.” I smiled down at her. “Now that reception knows who you are, feel free to use this facility instead of GMH.”
She sucked in a breath, her eyes wide. She shook her head. “No. But thank you for the offer. I can’t take advantage of our…relationship like that.” She patted my arm again. “Seriously, thank you so much. But no. If I need to go back to the hospital so soon, I probably shouldn’t be out in public anyway.” She smiled at me and turned away. 
Rafael looked at me oddly before nodding and helping her into the front passenger seat. 
I watched as she grimaced when he moved her legs into the passenger cabin. She wiped the grimace away when Rafael looked back up at her. He must have said something because she smiled and shook her head. 
She looked up, waved at me. 
I gave her a little salute as Amatucci got in the driver’s seat. 
He gave me the same gesture back before turning the engine over and driving away. 
My phone buzzed, pulling me back to the fact that I was standing like an idiot in the parking lot. Gazing after a vehicle that had long since gone. I pulled the device from my pocket, glanced at the screen. 
A smile pulled at my mouth, but it had nothing to do with mirth. No. This smile was all predator. And I was about to catch my prey. 
I hit the record button before connecting the call. I lifted the phone to my ear. 
“You should have listened to me, boy,” John Cavendish sneered down the line.
“I know you can’t see me, but you should know that I’m quaking in my boots over here, John. Absolutely terrified.” I sounded as bored as if I were watching paint dry on a humid day. 
“You little fucker, if my son doesn’t get into Harvard because of this, I’m coming for you. You don’t want me for an enemy.” 
I raised my brows before I narrowed my eyes. I walked to my vehicle, also a black Range Rover. “No, you don’t want me for an enemy, Johnny. You lit the match. Be prepared to play with the fire. I take no prisoners.” I hung up on him. Hit the button to block all of his calls. 
I got behind the wheel, punched the button to start the SUV. Once everything had turned on and my phone connected to the car’s computer, I called out a command. “Call Nik.”
“Calling Nik,” the car replied.
It was time to stop playing and start winning. 
“Yes, O Great Master. How can I serve thee?” she said. 
I snorted. A woman less likely to take orders from a man, I’d yet to meet. “I need some deep runs. You ready?”
Chapter 17 – Willow 

“Seriously though, Will, are you doing okay after the exam?” Rafe asked as he pulled away from the hospital parking lot. “I know you sugar coated it for Penn. But this is me asking.”
I sighed. “Yeah, I’m fine. Mostly. Steph really did talk to me for the most part. And it did help to not feel like a piece of furniture. I just feel like an idiot all the way around. Nothing anyone can do about it.” I looked out my window, my chin in my hand as I leaned against the door. 
“As long as she didn’t make you uncomfortable.” He patted my thigh lightly. “You’re walking better.” He chuckled. “Well, you were before the exam. Right now, you walk like you’ve got a cob shoved up your butt.”
I slapped his hand away as I laughed. “Jerk.”
He chuckled. “What else is on your agenda for today?”
I dug my phone out of my pocket. Opened the calendar and bit my lip. “Well, I need to do final walk-throughs of the venues. Get some measurements for the first party on Friday afternoon.”
“Which party is that?”
“Birthday party for a sixteen-year-old girl.”
He shuddered. “Nerd or mean girl?”
I laughed. “On the nerdier side, I think. She’s using books and libraries as her theme. The cake is the Harry Potter collection.”
He smiled. “Good. Mean girls make me want to slap them in the face with chairs.”
I chuckled. “Ditto. No, Natalie is a sweetheart. Her mother is another thing altogether, but as long as Natalie is happy with everything, I’ll be happy.”
He nodded. “Next party?”
“Anniversary reception for…” I flipped to my notes app. “Mr. and Mrs. Stanten. This will be their seventy-fifth anniversary.” I leaned back in my seat. My mind still boggled at the idea of being with a single person for that long. I hadn’t made it past the five-year mark. 
Granted, my married life had been…unique. 
Rafe whistled. “Damn. That’s crazy.” He shook his head as we took the exit for the lofts. “What’s their theme?”
“Diamonds. Their grandkids are the ones who contacted me. The party is pretty early on Saturday morning—something about how Gramma and Grampa didn’t like to dawdle.” I smiled. “The main cake is a giant diamond covered in silver dust so it sparkles. I’m also doing cheesecake cups, fruit, ham and cheese trays. Apparently, G and G eat breakfast around four in the morning, so they’re ready for lunch by ten a.m.”
Rafe groaned. “Why in heaven’s name would they be awake that early?”
I laughed. “No idea. But that gives me time to get that one all set up, torn down, and then across town for the Higgins/Wellman wedding. Most of that is already ready, I’ll decorate the cake on Friday after the party.”
“Well, we’ve got two full days to get everything else done. Let’s go do the walk throughs today while your legs are already hurting. Get those done and then you can chill out for the rest of the week. Do online stuff or business stuff for the rest of that,” Rafe said. 
I nodded. “Sounds like a plan to me.” That would give me some time to do some personal baking. “What’s your favorite flavor of cupcake?”
“Right now, red velvet. Why?”
I shook my head. “Just wondering.”

**

We got back home, and my legs were in such bad shape, Rafe had to carry me from the car to the loft. Turo was just turning away from my door when we stepped off the elevator. “There you guys are.” 
I tossed him my keys as Rafe lowered me to my feet. “Here we are. What are you doing slumming it down here?” I pressed a kiss to his cheek. 
He laughed. “I wouldn’t call this slumming it. I’m here to check on you. Nico told me your progress, but I wanted to see you for myself. Why’s Rafe carrying you?”
Rafe got the door opened and ushered us in. 
Turo gave me his arm so I could hobble over the threshold. “Are your legs so bad then?”
Rafe choked a cough. “Go ahead and show him, Will.” He got the door shut and my purse set down on the coffee table. 
Turo helped me to the couch. As he helped lift my legs to the seat, I raised the hem of my sundress to my upper thighs, tucked the edge of it between my legs. He sucked in a breath as his dark brown eyes fired with angry heat. “What the fuck?” He looked up at his brother. 
“You said she would be fine. This doesn’t look fine, Rafe.” He stabbed a finger down at my legs. 
Rafe grunted. “And except for the discoloration, she is fine. She’s lucky she doesn’t have shattered femurs. Those club tables are fucking heavy, Turo. She’s just sore and achy, which she’s managing with ibuprofen and cool baths. Back out of my tailpipe.”
I bit my lip. These two sparked high and hot off each other on the best of days. Probably because they were so similar. 
Turo heaved a breath, pushed his fingers into his eyes. Rubbed for a moment. “Fine. Sorry.” He crouched down next to me. Tucking a strand of hair behind my ear, he said, “Are they okay on the inside?”
I nodded. “Like Rafe said, just sore and achy. The bruising looks awful, and I’ve been walking quite a bit today, so they kinda cramped up. But we’re home now, so I’ll be staying here for most of the rest of the afternoon.”
He smiled at me. “Had lunch yet?” 
I shook my head. “No. Rafe said he was going to make me some grilled cheese and tomato soup.” One of my favorite meals when I was feeling crummy. 
Turo ran a hand softly over my hair. “I’ll help. I’ve got an appointment downtown but wanted to stop by and see you for a bit. Tali says hi. And that she expects a repeat performance of your shower scene last night.” His eyebrows kicked high. A lascivious light lit his eyes. “Do tell.” 
I told him the story, adding more grunting and groaning to the tale than had actually happened. All three of us were in stitches by the time I was done. 
“And this morning?” he asked. 
I sighed, rolled my eyes. “You guys are worse than middle school girls with all of your gossip.” I gave him the story. Watched as his eyes darkened briefly. 
“I’m glad Tali was here for you.” He pressed a kiss to my head and moved to the kitchen counter to help his youngest brother. 
“How have you been?” I asked him, turning slightly so I could watch them work together. Their dark heads were almost identical in color, but Rafe’s hair was longer. The hair’s breadth of difference in their heights added to the picture of big, strong men. Dom was the tallest, followed closely by Turo. These two could have been twins were it not for the eight year difference in their ages. 
He looked up from the saucepan. Smiled. “Good. Playing with money is always fun for me.”
I chuckled. “How’s my portfolio, dahling?” I asked, affecting a snooty accent like the one my mother frequently used. 
He smirked. “Better than it was before you put me in charge of it.”
I nodded. “Damn straight it is. My father’s an idiot.”
Neither man denied my statement. 
“Any new lady friends?”
He shot me a cheeky grin. “A gentleman never tells.”
Rafe almost fell over laughing. “I wish that were the case. I get so many details, I feel like I should start writing pornos for a living. Probably pretty good money in it, too.”
Turo flushed as he snapped his towel at his brother. “Asshole. She doesn’t need to hear that.”
I laughed. “Well, I did ask.” 
Rafe stabbed his finger at me while looking at his brother. “Exactly. Go snap her with a towel.”
“When are you guys going to settle down and give me nephews and nieces?”
They both groaned. “Not you, too, Will. Momma’s on us all the time to start giving her grandbabies.”
I raised an eyebrow at Turo. “You’re thirty-seven. I should think your manwhore days are firmly behind you. Don’t you want kids?”
He smiled, nodded. “Sure. But since you won’t marry me…” he shrugged. “I’m not into second place ladies.” He winked. 
I laughed, long and loud. “I’d make a terrible wife.”
“I don’t know about that,” Ryker said from the doorway where he and Dom stood. 
I startled and let my head fall over backwards so I could see him. 
Dom slapped him up the backside of his head. “She’s not for you.” He stalked into the room, pressed a kiss to my lips before helping me raise my head. 
“I didn’t say she was. I just don’t think she’d make a terrible wife for someone.” Ryker threw his jacket and briefcase into the chair by my couch. 
What the hell is he doing here? Again. It was like he was stalking me. I wasn’t sure how I felt about that. But I bit my words back. He’d saved me at least three times so far. I could be nice. For now. 
“Enjoy the rest of your day?” I asked him. 
He shrugged.
I turned, searching for Dom. “What happened?” I asked him. 
Dom sighed. Sat in the chair closest to the foot of the couch. He cleared his throat. “You’re going to have to go in before a judge and sign an affidavit that Penn didn’t kidnap you.”
My eyes widened as I jerked back. “But…but why does anyone think I was kidnapped anyways? It’s not like I’m locked up in a dungeon somewhere right now.”
Ryker made an odd noise in his throat. 
I turned to look at him. “Well, it’s not. I’m in my own home, stuck on this stupid couch because my legs hurt.” I swung back to Dom. “And Ryker didn’t have anything to do with that either.”
Dom swallowed heavily. “It seems that Doctor Douche has joined forces with Cavendish. They’re trying to make the kidnapping charges stick.” 
I felt all the blood drain from my face. I studied Dom’s face. His inability to look at me told me something else was going on. “Spit it out, Domenico Maurice.” 
He looked at me, fire in his eyes. “Errington’s trying to get you admitted to the hospital involuntarily. Saying that you’re a danger to yourself. His evidence is the way you ran from the room when you were injured.”
I shook my head, felt the room close in around me. “No.” I sank my nails into my legs. “No. He can’t do that. He’s not my husband anymore. He’s not my emergency contact. He has no say in what I do.”
“He filled himself in as your doctor of record, Will,” Dom said softly. 
I shook my head some more. This couldn’t be happening. I’d rather die than be anywhere near him. I couldn’t go back to him. Not ever. 
The edges of my vision went black as someone lifted my legs and sat down with them in their lap. Someone grabbed my hand, rescued my flesh from my nails. 
The next moment, a deep, fiery pain shot through my mind. 
I inhaled as my brain cleared. I looked up. 
Ryker had put himself under my legs. Dug the heel of his hand into my thigh under the guise of holding my hand. 
I felt tears burn at the back of my eyes. He’d saved me, again. And in a way that my adopted brothers didn’t seem to comprehend.
He held my gaze with his bright emerald one. “He’s not going to get away with this, Willow.”
“Damn straight he’s not,” Dom said, not even commenting on the fact that Ryker had my legs in his lap. 
I pressed our clasped hands deeper into my bruised thigh as I studied Ryker’s face. He pushed against my hand at one point. The corner of his mouth dipped down. He gave the smallest of head shakes. 
He didn’t remove the pressure, but he didn’t let me go any deeper. He allowed me the pain that kept me in this world. This reality. He didn’t try to take it from me, but he didn’t allow me to hurt myself either.
I tried to thank him with my gaze. With my body language without overtly saying anything. I pressed my legs into his lap slightly. Felt the corner of my mouth tip up. 
He nodded slightly but didn’t say anything else. 
I shifted to look at Dom. “If I sign the affidavit, will that quash anything else he can do?” I still refused to say his name. Denied him that marginal amount of respect. 
Dom nodded. “Wright is going to get another court order based on your PFA. Errington won’t be able to force you into involuntary commitment due to conflict of interest. I’ve already informed the hospital board of directors that if he doesn’t stop trying to see you—in any capacity—that we will hold the hospital liable. Wright has agreed to back me if charges of criminal medical endangerment are required.”
I felt my belly twist even as my heart rejoiced. This was just going to make him angrier. More determined to get me back. I was safe right now, simply because he couldn’t get through the Amatucci family. He didn’t have the power or ability to force me to return to him. And other than my estranged parents, I had nothing else of leverage for him to blackmail me with. 
There was no doubt in my mind that my ex-husband would eventually kill me. In addition to being a sociopath who thought he was God, he was so narcissistic that he thought he owned me. That I was his property until he decided to dispose of me. 
The fact that I’d left him—in the middle of the night, no less—had to have enraged him. And insulted him. I shuddered to think of any other victims he’d found since I left. Those faceless victims haunted me daily and nightly. 
A fresh spark of pain brought my attention back to the room. I looked up to Ryker, saw him staring at me as if waiting for an answer. 
I felt my cheeks flush. “I’m sorry. I wasn’t listening. What did you say?”
Dom laughed, drawing my attention. “I said something, actually. But nice to know you’re back to ignoring me when discussing important matters.” 
I stuck my tongue out at him. “Then you should be more engaging. Don’t you know anything about keeping a woman’s attention?”
The three other men in the room said, “Ooooooh.”
Rafe added, “Burn.”
Dom narrowed his eyes at me, a promise of revenge in his eyes. “I’ll remember you said that, Will.”
Ryker stiffened under my legs. “You were saying?” he said to Dom. 
Dom glared. “I said that the sooner you get the affidavit signed, the better it will be. Are you up to going to the DA’s office today?”
I started to nod, but got interrupted by Rafe.
“No. She’s not going anywhere. She’s already overdone it. I had to carry her in here from the car, her legs were so swollen. She’s staying home. Bring one of the DA’s peons here. He, or she, can take the statement here.” He came over with a lap tray loaded with a bowl, plate, and glass full of water. 
I’d sunk down and was in a bad position to try to scoot back up so I could lean forward to eat. “Turo, can you help me, please?” I called. 
He came over, grabbed me under the arms and lifted slowly until I could get my butt wedged into the corner of the couch. This time, I wasn’t going anywhere. Goddess, thank you for a huge ass. 
I moved my arms out of the way as Rafe set the tray down. As I was putting a napkin on my lap, he bent my knees slightly and stuffed a pillow under them. 
I winced at the burning ache but sighed at the almost instantaneous relief of having them bend. 
Ryker kept his hand on my leg as I got down to the business of stuffing my face with the world’s best comfort food. 
After a moment, I became aware of the room. It was silent. Heavy with unsaid comments. 
I looked around, wiped my mouth. Everyone was watching me. The Amatucci boys—minus Dom—looked like I was some kind of odd circus animal. Dom looked like he was going to steal my soup. Or maybe my grilled cheese. 
I bared my teeth at him. 
Ryker…well, Ryker was staring at me, but I didn’t feel like a caged animal under his unrelenting gaze. Thinly veiled lust shone in his eyes. His hand had curled around the back of my lower leg. His thumb gently stroked the skin of my calf. 
“What?” I looked at anyone but Ryker. The man made me want to bake again, damn it. 
Rafe and Turo blinked. “When did you start moaning and groaning as you eat?”
I blinked at them. Seriously? This again? “What the hell are you guys talking about? I don’t moan and groan while eating. How is that supposed to work anyway? I can’t swallow and use my voice at the same time. What you’re saying is ridiculous.”
I looked at Ryker. Tipped my head to the side. “Am I making weird noises when I eat?” Surely this relative stranger would back me up. 
He nodded, his eyelids drooping ever so slightly. 
I jerked back. I rolled my eyes. “No, I’m not. You guys must be hearing things.”
Dom jolted, grabbed his phone from his pocket. He looked at the screen. Stabbed at whatever had goosed him. He looked back up at me. “You really are making noises, Will. Mildly distressing when you consider you’re eating soup and grilled cheese.”
I shook my head. They were crazy. I went back to my soup, sighed in delight at the smell. The taste was even better. I didn’t know how Turo did it, but he made the best soup ever. No matter what kind, it was always best when the oldest Amatucci was manning the stove top. 
Ryker’s fingers dug into the muscle of my calf, pulling my attention. 
I raised an eyebrow as I lifted a triangle of my grilled cheese. 
He smiled, shook his head. 
A low, sexy moan slid through the air. I almost dropped my sandwich as I looked around for the sound. Whoever that was, sounded like she was on the edge of getting hers. I felt heat rush my cheeks at the idea of Dom watching anything like that with the sound up. Especially in the middle of the day. He smiled as another husky sound floated from the speaker of his phone. 
I raised my brows. “Watching porn in the middle of the day is a disgusting habit.”
All of the men, including Ryker, burst into laughter. 
Once Dom got himself under control, he turned his phone around. The recorder function was up on the display. The time/date stamp showed today. Not even a minute ago. 
My eyes widened. “That’s me?” My sandwich dropped back to the tray as I covered my face with my hands. “Sweet goddess, why didn’t you guys sa—” 
My words cut off. Shit. They had just told me. And Tali had said the same thing yesterday. Shit. Shit. Shit. I sounded like a woman about to…bake some seriously great cupcakes. 
Oh sweet world, just open up and swallow me whole. 
Their laughter boomed higher. 
I slapped a hand over my mouth. “What the fuck is wrong with me?” I draped my napkin over my face. “You can all leave now.” I pointed towards the door. “Now. Just leave me to my shame and misery. Tell Tali not to come back. I’ll be dead by the time she’s done with work.” My head fell back against the arm of the couch. 
Of course, this would happen to me. I’m either some crazy psycho’s personal toy to torment or I’m a weirdo who doesn’t know what the hell is coming out of her own mouth at any given moment. Not a lot of in between for Willow Koa Chase. 
Shit.
Someone tugged on one of my toes. 
I pulled the napkin off my face, the cool wash of air a blessing to my overheated cheeks. I glared at the culprit. 
“You don’t get to die of embarrassment,” Dom said. His butterscotch eyes danced with mirth. “Besides, it’s kinda hot, the way you sound. I think I might make that into your personal ringtone.”
I threw my napkin as Ryker’s legs bunched under mine. “You’re an ass. That better not end up as my ringtone or I’ll…” Crap, what was I going to do? I suck at threats. “I’ll…” I gave up. “I’ll do something really mean. I’ll get Mas to help me.”
That wiped the smile from Dom’s face. His eyes widened. He turned the screen back to me. Let me watch him hit the delete button. “Keep his pranks away from me.”
I wanted to pump my hands in victory, but since it was the threat of his brother—and not me—that got him to do what I asked, I couldn’t really claim it as my triumph. 
Ryker’s thighs unbunched as he rubbed his hand over my calf muscle again. It was really nice actually. And considering I usually hated it when people touched me without permission, I was a little surprised at myself. 
I pushed it aside. Figured he got a special dispensation since he’d saved me so many times lately. 
I finished my food, ate it so fast my stomach almost revolted. But I managed to keep everything where it was supposed to be. And since I didn’t get any other weird looks, I guessed I’d kept the sex moans to a minimum as well. 
Thank the goddess. 
Rafe got up, went to the kitchen counter, came back. He had three small pills in his hand this time. Not the normal brownish color, these were little capsules that were red and blue.
I looked up at him. Narrowed my eyes. “These are different and why three?”
“These are different because I’d like to preserve your stomach lining. Three because your legs are swollen from all the walking we did today. You can just take two, but professionally speaking, I think you can use the third. Especially if you have three events this weekend that you still want to appear for.”
I studied him. His face was open, honest, and direct. I couldn’t wish for more. I took the pills from him. After I got them down the hatch, he pressed his lips to my hair. He leaned over the back of the couch and stole my tray. 
“Now, you can either take a bath or I can give you some ice packs for the actual injury sites. See if that helps with the swelling,” he said, his back to the majority of the room. 
“Well, Tali’s not here to help with the bath, so I guess ice packs.” I pushed the fabric of my sundress back down my legs. I didn’t want the ice packs against my skin, but I also didn’t want too many layers between the packs and my flesh. They needed to help me, not just cool me down. 
Dom cleared his throat heavily. 
I looked up. 
He was glaring at Ryker. His gaze shifted between Ryker’s face and his hand against my calf. 
Ryker raised one brow in stupefied oblivion. 
Dom’s upper lip curled. 
Ryker chuckled, grabbed the hem of my dress, and pulled it the rest of the way down my legs. “Happy now?”
Dom snorted. “Not even fucking close.”
I was too busy watching the men standoff over something stupid to notice that Rafe was back. That was, until he eased the ice packs over my abused thighs. 
I hissed out a breath as I felt everything in my body clench. I squeezed my eyes shut as I waited for my skin to adapt to the freezing pressure. 
Ryker’s thumb brushed over the outside of my ankle bone. 
I stiffened slightly. I opened my eyes. He was chatting with Turo about something dealing with the stock market. I flicked my gaze down to my feet. Ryker’s hands were crossed over my ankles. His lower hand was hidden by the fabric of my dress. He smoothed another warm path around the joint. 
I inhaled. My brain couldn’t quite decide what it thought of that action. The touch was light as a feather. Nowhere near the pressure I usually preferred. But something about it was…soothing. 
Argh. I shoved all of it from my mind. I didn’t have the capacity to deal with any of that kind of stuff. No men. No sex. Nothing but light flirting and the understanding that nothing would ever happen. Those were my social rules regarding men. They either abided by them or they weren’t in my life for long. 
Ryker was screwing all of that up. And he didn’t even look like he noticed or cared. Asshole. 
I tried to pull my feet from his lap. The muscles of my legs protested as his lower hand caught my ankle and held me still. 
I glared at him. As soon as I had him alone, I was going to give him a piece of my mind. He didn’t get to make decisions about my body. Nobody did. Nobody but me. 
Chapter 18 – Ryker 

I didn’t have to see Willow’s face to know that I was going to get an earful. The woman practically vibrated with outraged affront. Did it make me a little sick that I was looking forward to it? Maybe, but damn if I wasn’t excited to see the flash of her anger fill those pretty mossy eyes.
When she’d gotten lost in her mind again, I hadn’t thought of anything except bringing her back. To the room. To me. I’d bullied my way forward to grab at her. Grab her hand, bring her brain some soothing pain. 
The look in her eyes as she’d drifted back into herself had made something deep inside me ache. Made me want something more from her than I’ve wanted from anyone. I had no idea what that was, but I knew I had to have it. 
This woman, this bruised and abused woman, was going to be mine. For as long as it took to get her out of my system. She was screwing with my mind and I didn’t like it. Not one damn bit. No one shook me, derailed my thoughts. I was driven, focused, and ambitious. None of those traits allowed for anything other than the briefest of sexual partners. 
And I liked it like that. 
But fucking hell—the sounds she’d made while she consumed her meal—I’d wanted to rip her dress off, pull her under me, and feast on her. No matter that the Amatuccis were there. They’d consigned themselves to her friendzone, the idiots. 
All except Dom. But he was waiting. For what, I didn’t know, some indication of…something before he staked his claim on her. I chuckled mentally. To the victor goes the spoils. And I was winning this fucking race. He could have her when I was done. 
My only regret was not getting a copy of that recording of her moaning. I made a mental note to have a recorder handy so I could do so after I’d rocked her world. She wouldn’t be able to threaten me into getting rid of it. 
I rubbed my fingers around her ankle bone again, enjoyed the slight tremor that shook her leg as I talked with Turo. The man was smart and discerning as hell when it came to the market. Who knew the local mafia scene would hold the people I least wanted to kill?
I abhorred social functions, sent bigger checks to get out of the responsibility of going to them. I could actually see myself having a beer with these assholes. They didn’t beat around the bush. Weren’t obsequious in their interactions. They couldn’t pander if their lives depended on it. I found it refreshing. 
“I’ve heard some good things about your company, Penn. In what area do you foresee your biggest growth in the next five years?” Turo asked. 
I smiled. “Computer systems designs. I’ve got one of the best IT experts in the world. With what she and my R&D department are coming up with?” I shook my head. “The sky’s the limit.”
He nodded, his lips quirked to the side. “What about 3D printers and Makers’ Spaces?”
“I think they’ll have good gains. But with those come the need for more advanced computer systems. Think base or foundation. Then add the goodies on top of that.”
A low snore cut off his reply. 
I looked over. Willow had crashed. Her long lashes laid against her peaches and cream skin as her chest moved in a steady rhythm. I shook her ankle. If she was going to sleep, she needed to be flat to help her body get rid of as much cellular damage as possible. 
She didn’t wake up. 
I shook her leg again. “Willow?”
Nothing. 
I looked at the youngest Amatucci. He had a slightly guilty look on his face. I felt my chest constrict. “What the fuck did you do?” I said softly. I could feel the need to beat him senseless slide through me. 
The other two stopped their discussion behind me. 
“What’s wrong?” Domenico asked. 
“She won’t wake up. Ibuprofen shouldn’t knock her out,” I said as I lifted her legs to get out from under her. I bent down, removed the ice packs from her legs. I slid her into my arms. 
“What?” Domenico said, anger in his voice. 
Rafael glared at me. “It’s just nighttime acetaminophen. She needs sleep. Good sleep. Not that catnap crap she’s been trying to get in the evenings. She had a nightmare last night. Tali said Will managed maybe three hours of good sleep…in total.”
“And that gives you the right to drug her without her permission?” I barked as I adjusted her in my arms. “I’m going to go lay her down, and then I’m going to come back out here and kick your ass.”
I walked towards the bedroom.
“You won’t have to. We will,” Domenico said. Their conversation switched to Italian. Heated, angry Italian. 
I heard the first thump of flesh against flesh. Guess Domenico hadn’t been lying about kicking his brother’s ass. Good. 
I laid her down. Stuffed a pillow under her knees to maintain the gentle bend of the joint. I pulled the skirt of her dress flat, made sure the hem was at her ankles before pulling the blankets up to cover her. 
I had no idea what had happened with her ex-husband, but I knew enough about domestic violence to know that the ones who did escape it don’t like their ability to decide things violated. 
Moving back to the living space, I pulled her frosted glass door shut. Not that she would hear anything, but if she did wake up, I didn’t want her trying to come out here and see what was happening. 
An unknown man—who could only be an Amatucci by his hair, stance, and somewhat familiar face—was standing just inside the door. His arms were crossed over his chest, a wry smile on his face. His gaze flicked up and over as I came from Willow’s room. 
His smile dropped as protectiveness descended on his face like a favorite mask. He stalked towards me. His steps silent under the sound of the ass kicking Rafael was receiving. He stopped in front of me. 
An inch shorter and on the lankier side of built, but I didn’t dismiss the fire or promise of menace in his face. “What the hell were you doing in there?” he whispered. 
I had to lean down to hear him. “Rafael drugged her. Without her knowledge. I put her in her bed so I could kick his ass.” I tipped my head in the direction of Turo and Domenico kicking said ass. “I was a little late to the party.”
He studied me. Silent. His gaze had an almost physical weight. “If I find out you touched her, I will kill you.”
Unlike Domenico’s threats, I believed this one. He hadn’t delivered a threat of violence, but a promise of one. This was a man of action. Precise, skilled action. 
I nodded. “I don’t touch unconscious women. Nor do I abuse them.”
He dipped his chin in one short sharp motion. Then he spun on his heel and moved into the fracas. 
My eyes widened in shock as he stepped into the middle of the action without hesitation. He grabbed Domenico’s arm, spun him off to the side. He ducked under Turo’s fist, pushed Rafael out of the strike zone. 
Then he turned on Rafael. A small balloon of admiration filled my chest as the slightly smaller, silent man took Rafael to the ground with barely any effort. Once on the ground, the stranger gave Rafael a temple strike. One hard pointed jab and Rafael’s head slumped to the side. His face lax. 
“Massimo,” Domenico called. “We were handling it.”
Massimo smiled. “I finished it,” he whispered again. 
Domenico and Massimo hugged each other, big hands slapped broad backs. “I see you met Penn.”
Massimo put his hand out. Tipped it back and forth. 
“Not formally,” I said. I stepped forward, held out a hand. “Ryker Penn.”
Massimo’s eyes widened. “You’re the stairwell savior.” 
I nodded. “Something like that.” 
He shook my hand. “Thank you for caring for her.” He met my gaze, held it.
I nodded again. “Glad I was there to help.” I pointed with my chin. “He going to be alright?”
Massimo smiled. Nodded. “He should only be out for another couple of minutes.”
I smiled. “What style was that?”
Massimo just smiled, shrugged. 
“Whatever works?” I asked. 
Massimo smiled. Shrugged again. 
A man of few words. Whispered words at that. 
My phone buzzed in my pocket. “Excuse me,” I said as I pulled it out. My pulse started racing. “You’re going to want to hear this.” I hit the connect button. “Nik, it’s me. Go.”
Her low sultry laugh poured from the speaker like sin and sex. 
I rolled my eyes. 
Turo though…Turo looked at my phone like he’d seen Valhalla. 
“As you wish, Master Penn.”
“Stow it, Nik. You’re on speaker phone. We need them focused, not panting after you.” 
Another laugh. “Fine. Steal all my fun.  What do you want me to share?”
“All of it. They’re in this as well.”
“Amatucci boys then, huh? Hello, Amatuccis” I could imagine the smile on her face. The little fingertip wiggle of her wave.
“Anytime there, Nik.”
She heaved a sigh. “So bossy. Fine. Cavendish had to pull major strings to even get little Evvy on the waitlist for Harvard. Cost him a significant portion of his remaining fortune, his mistress in the city, and his second pied-a-terre. Wife number three is on the brink of taking half of what he has left. All his hopes of financial recovery are tied up in Everett getting into Harvard.”
“Why Harvard?” What could he possibly have to gain by his kid going to a specific school?
“Seems he’ll get some kind of quid pro quo kickback? I’m still digging on that one. The other end of that stick is hidden deep in someone’s ass.”
The Amatuccis laughed. 
I rolled my eyes. “Anything else? What about Errington?”
The three standing Amatuccis jerked and growled at me. 
I waved them quiet. 
“Ethan Embry Errington, currently aged thirty-three, graduated high school at the age of fourteen. Went pre-med to Harvard. Finished in two years. Graduated top of his class. Graduated top of his class from Harvard Medical School—that he finished in three years, the slacker. Went on to complete his surgical residency at Harvard. Shocker of all shocks, he finished early and top of his cohort. Had his pick of placements, settled on New Trenadie straight out of residency.”
My brow furrowed. That didn’t add up. “Why not one of the bigger hospitals in NYC?”
“Unknown, but I’m guessing something personal. I’ve got more bots doing some digging. You want the rest?”
“Yeah. Go.”
“Met one Willow Koa Chase just after moving to NT. Began seriously dating her within a couple months. Engaged after two years. Married in two years. Divorced in five years. Single for the last eighteen months.”
“Family connections?” Domenico asked. 
“Ooh, that’s a sexy voice,” Nik purred. “Erringtons are old money, old politics in the great state of Rhode Island. On the surface, they’ve got it made. But their dynasty is built on back alley deals and shady practices. Big surprise.”
“Why did Errington diverge from the path?” Turo asked. 
Nik gave an actual purr over the line. “I think the next meeting should be in person, bossman.”
My eyes almost rolled themselves back into my skull. “Information, Nik.”
“Fine, fine, fine.” She heaved a sigh. “Seems he was a wunderkind of the medical field. Nothing but top grades from kindergarten through surgical residency. Excellent credit score. No police record. Hell, nothing but the record of his birth, his marriage, and his divorce are on file. Zero brushes with the police. I haven’t found any psych testing or instances of instability. No therapy, no drug problems. Hell, he doesn’t even have porn subscriptions. He’s a big donor to medical research. Has published a library’s worth of papers on a variety of subjects. He’s the literal salt of the earth, do-gooder type, bossman.”
I doubted it. No vices whatsoever? He was either good at hiding them or he was good enough not to get caught with them. “No one remains squeaky clean, Nik. Keep digging.”
“On it.” She lowered her voice. “Bye boys.”
I cut off her husky laugh. The woman could get through any computer system, had a body like a centerfold, and loved to play with men. She changed men as often as she changed her panties. If any of these men wanted to play with her, that was fine. But not right now. 
Turo cleared his throat. “I need her number. I’ve got some…information I need her to check.”
“After we get this figured out. Why would Cavendish get money if his kid goes to Harvard? That’s one of my burning questions. Second, what is Errington hiding? No one skips through thirty-three years of living without any kind of record. Even calling as a concerned citizen gets you logged somewhere. If Nik didn’t find it, it’s not there to be found.”
“Did someone wash his info?” Domenico asked. 
I shook my head. “Nik would have caught that as well. There’re always traces. If Nik says she’ll find more information, she’ll find it. Right now, I’m more interested in the Cavendish issue with Harvard. Who’s going to pay John if Everett goes to Harvard? Is it only Harvard or would any school do?” 
“The only thing I can think of in that kind of transaction is human trafficking,” Turo said. “Unfortunately, there’s tons of money in selling humans.”
I shook my head. “No. John selling his kid to traffickers? He might be an asshole, but…” I trailed off. 
“What’s this Everett kid look like?” Massimo asked in his hushed voice. 
“About six-one, shaggy brown hair, blue eyes, what the girls today would call hot,” Domenico snorted. “Bit of a weak sister in my opinion, but I’m not into dick.”
I pulled up a picture of him on the internet. Showed it to Massimo. “Here. Why?”
The quiet man took the phone and studied it for a moment. He handed it back and looked at his brothers, a heavy silence filled the room. 
“Fuck,” Turo said, shoved his fingers into his pinched eyes. “Fuck, fuck, fuck.”
“Um, still not understanding here,” I said, waving a hand. 
“It is your call, fratello,” Massimo said. 
Turo held up a hand. Paced away, seemed to have some kind of conversation with himself. Came back. Gone was the jovial man whose eyes gleamed when talking about money. Before me stood a man who controlled fates and fortunes. Lives and deaths. He spoke formally and softly. “What I’m about to tell you goes nowhere. You’ve earned this small trust with your actions for our Willow. If this comes back on us, we will know where the leak originated. Yes?”
I nodded, not completely sure I wanted in on whatever was about to be said, but I couldn’t really back out now. “You have my assurances.” I held out my hand. 
He studied me for a moment longer. Shook my hand. “Amatuccis have business interests in many different countries. We do not play in some waters for personal, moral reasons. Human trafficking is one such ocean. It has come to our attention that some of our family members have tried to open this line of business abroad. They have been dealt with and made examples of. That being said, Massimo has confirmed the likelihood that the younger Cavendish fits the…preferences of one of the known buyers.” He looked at his brother. Nodded. 
Massimo turned to me. “This person is known to enjoy breaking young men such as this one. This person has a reputation of going through these men rather quickly and needing an almost constant supply. It has been whispered that this person uses important colleges as hunting grounds because this person enjoys the media storm of abducting more than just ‘street trash.’ If it is the case that this older Cavendish has made arrangements for his son to be at Harvard, it could be that he has already sold his son.”
My belly curdled as what little heart I had froze. I licked my lips. “And what would the going rate be for someone like Everett Cavendish?”
Massimo grimaced. “That would depend on many factors. The biggest one being if he has an entitled attitude. This buyer came from nothing, achieved much through brute force and brutality.”
I looked at Domenico. “I’ve never met Everett. What are your thoughts?”
“Considering his father has gotten him out of almost every possible consequence, I would imagine that the younger is quite entitled and egocentric.”
I turned back to Massimo. “The price tag?”
“Between four and ten million. As I said, there are many factors.” He shrugged. Something shifted in his gaze before he looked away. 
All of us were quiet as we took in the idea that John Cavendish might have potentially sold his son to a monster. On one hand I wanted to throw up. On another I wanted to beat the shit out of John and sell him to the lowest bidder. And yet on someone else’s hand, Everett had kind of landed himself in this position. Not that he deserved to be sold like a boat, but sometime, somewhere, he was going to piss off the wrong person. He should be glad the Amatuccis were willing to let the law handle his behavior at their club. 
I nodded. “Okay, assuming John is trying to sell his son, what do we do about it?”
The Amatuccis just stared at me. 
I felt my eyes widen as I looked at each man. “You can’t seriously be suggesting that we do nothing.”
“How are you going to prove that this is the case? There is no proof. No evidence. Hell, there is nothing but rumors from the mafia.” He gave me a look. “Where would you go? Who would you tell?”
I raised my hands. “I’m not going to share the knowledge or tell anyone. But we can’t just let the asshole get sold into slavery.”
“We are not selling him into slavery. We are doing nothing,” Turo said. 
Again, I was met with three glacial expressions. 
“So you tell yourselves that because you are not actively engaged in the behavior that your hands are clean of the outcomes?” There was a twisted sense of morals in there. Not good morals. But morals nonetheless. 
Turo shot me a sad smile. “What is your stance on drugs? Prostitution? Gambling? You know they are being done, yet you do nothing to stop these. Where is your sense of moralistic outrage in these matters?”
I opened my mouth. Closed it. The argument that had run through my mind was illogical. Fuck. I tunneled my fingers through my hair. I sighed. “You’re right. I know that drugs kill people. That prostitution kills people. That gambling, if it doesn’t kill people, has certainly killed families and relationships.” 
All three men nodded. 
“So you know these activities go on, but you do nothing to prevent them from happening. You can lie your head on your pillow at night and not have nightmares about the lives of those who indulge in such passions,” Turo said.
“But Everett wouldn’t be choosing that life. He would be sold into it.”
“Yes. By his father,” Massimo said softly. “Are you going to shake your fist at the father? Condone the behavior of the son? From our investigation, Everett has sexually assaulted at least three women. Where is their justice? Where is their valiant defender?”
Fuck. 
Turo sighed. “We are not evil men, Penn. We protect our own. No matter their station. We may even be selective in who we consider our ‘own.’ But we do not condone the selling of humans. No matter the reason. We do not engage in the practice, nor do we allow it in our family business. However, until the world changes, we do not stop those who do. For it would be a fight that we cannot win. We do not stop those because to do so would result in the end of our protection for our own. La famiglia è tutto.” He shot me a sad smile. “Family is everything.”
Well shit. I was guilty of the same thing, if so to a lesser extent. Could I try to rescue Everett and try to get the whole organization taken down? Would that even be possible? What about Corinne? What would happen to her if I failed? What about my mother and step-father? Didn’t they deserve my protection as well?
I plopped myself into one of the chairs. Winced when it groaned under my weight. “Well fuck.”
“Mi dispiace, fratello mio,” Turo said as he clapped his hand over the ball of my shoulder. “I’m sorry, my brother. Knowledge is not necessarily power. And those that lack power, must pretend to not have the knowledge.”
That was the fucking truth. 
Chapter 19 – Willow 

I woke in the dark. Granted, I had to slap myself in the face to make sure I was actually awake and not stuck back in the hell that had comprised my life before. But I was definitely awake. 
And someone was about to lose his head. I reached out next to me, checked for Talia. Nope. Cold blanket. 
Next, I raised my head and tried to turn enough to see the wall clock that was faintly illuminated. It better only be a couple hours later than when I remember falling asleep. 
“RAAAAAAFE!” I shrieked it. “GET YOUR FUCKING ASS IN THIS ROOM RIGHT FUCKING NOW, YOU FUCKER!” I pushed back the blankets, saw that I was still in my dress from earlier. 
That was his only saving grace. 
The door slid open, Ryker stood on the threshold. He raised his hand. “His brothers roughed him up. He’s going to be nursing a sore body for a while.”
I glared up at him. “Did you know he planned to drug me?”
He looked insulted. “No. I’m the one who figured it out, actually. Can I come in?”
I nodded. I felt a little deflated that my chance to rip Rafe a new asshole had been denied. “When are they coming back?” I asked the man as he stopped directly in front of me. 
“Tali came in about half an hour ago. They’ve—” he cleared his throat, pitched it high “—been summoned to Momma’s house because Massi didn’t check in the way he was supposed to.” He gave his imaginary long hair a flick that looked very Tali-esque. 
I laughed. “And what did you do to earn the right of staying and babysitting?” My brow furrowed. “Were you a naughty boy?” I shook my finger at him. 
He smirked as he lowered his hands to help me up. “Oh, I’m very naughty, but no. I was the only one not formally summoned.”
I put my hands in his. Stiffened my arms so he could pull me up. I chuckled. “I bet you are naughty. How long have I been out?”
I was focused on his t-shirt as I tried to breathe through the pain. For some reason everything ached more than it should this time. 
He waited until I looked up at him to speak. “Six, almost seven hours. Rafael said he gave you nighttime acetaminophen. He wanted you to get some actual sleep.” The small muscles around his mouth twitched for a moment as his eyes darkened. 
It dawned on me then. “You really were going to beat the shit out of him, weren’t you?”
“Hell yes I was. Look, I’m not a good guy. I’m not a knight in shining armor going around saving damsels in distress. Frankly, I hate most people.”
I smothered a smile. “I’m not sure how to tell you this, Ryker, but you’re not very good at selling your positive attributes.”
He shot me a wolfish grin. “If you’d listen, you’d hear I have no positive attributes. What I’m saying is that even on my darkest days, I’m not a fan of dosing anyone with anything. Be that sleeping medication or illicit drugs. People get to decide what to put in their own bodies. No one else.”
“What if my life was in danger? Would you stab me with an adrenaline pen?” I asked. 
“Yes. But that’s assuming you have the pen for such uses. Helping save someone’s life who wants to be saved is the right choice. Stabbing someone with an adrenaline pen when they don’t need it to save them?” He shook his head. “Nope. Just not going to do it.”
I tipped my head to the side. “What if I didn’t need the adrenaline, but wanted it. Would you still stab me with it then?”
He shook his head. 
I smiled. “Why not?”
“Because I’m not in the habit of helping people damage themselves. You want some pain? I’ll give it to you all day long. You want damage? You need to go looking for someone else.”
My body began talking to me. Making certain needs known. “I have to pee.”
He laughed, his big chuckles echoed in the glass enclosed room. “I think that’s the first time I’ve held a woman’s hand and had her say something like that. To the bathroom, cupcake.” He took a step back and turned so I could use his arm for balance. 
My cheeks heated. “Sorry. I’m used to saying anything and everything that comes through my mind. I never knew how much of a luxury that really was until it was taken from me.”
He chuckled softly. “How did someone take away your brain/mouth filter?”
Shit. I shrugged. “Not quite the filter.” I dropped his arm and hobbled into the bathroom. The wall was my support system. I closed the door in his face before he could ask me anything else. 
Easing down to the toilet was a particular brand of hell that I was all too ready to be done with. I felt like I had run a marathon by the time I was finished and able to wash my hands. 
Ryker knocked on the glass door. “You good? Still awake and aware?”
I snorted. “Yeah, all good.” I bit my lip to keep the rest of my thoughts to myself. 
“Can I open the door?” 
“Sure.” 
He opened the door and leaned on the jamb. “So, you were saying about your brain/mouth filter?”
I shook my head. “Nope. Not happening. I’ll let you feed me though.” I hobbled in his direction. 
He didn’t move. “What if I tell you I can help your legs feel better? Then will you tell me?”
I bit my lip. Damn it. The man didn’t play fair. I tried to cross my arms. Almost fell over. Holding onto the wall, I asked, “Are you at least going to feed me first?”
“That depends. Do we have a deal on the other?” His dark blonde eyebrows rose in question. 
I sighed. Right now, I’d give anything to make my legs feel better. And I’m pretty sure the jerk knew it. Besides, he didn’t say anything about sharing all of my story. 
I looked up at him. Nodded. 
He smiled. I don’t know that I’d been the recipient of his full smile before. His eyes crinkled in the corners, he had the cutest little dimple thingy near the angle of his chin. He should probably be registered as a weapon against women. 
The sudden urge to make cupcakes had my fingers itching. Bastard. 
He held out his hand for me to take. 
I looked between it and his eyes. “What are you wanting from me, Ryker?”
“Right now, I’m wanting to feed you and help your legs feel better.”
“And later?”
“I’ve already told you what I want from you. That hasn’t changed.” He kept his hand up, his gaze locked to mine. 
“And if I told you I wouldn’t be sleeping with you? Ever.”
He smiled. “I’d do my best to get you to change your mind. But I’d still feed you and help your legs feel better right now.”
“As long as we’re on the same page, then yes.” I put my hand in his. Held his gaze. “You can feed me and help my legs.”
Chapter 20 – Ryker 

Little Willow wanted to play a game? She was about to find out just what kind of man I was. I didn’t lose and I certainly didn’t back down. She’d thrown down the gauntlet. I was only too happy to pick it up. 
I’d have to bide my time a little bit longer. She wasn’t ready for what I wanted to do to her yet. But she would be. 
A small part of me laughed at my arrogance. This wasn’t a woman who played with her life. She attacked it. I could see her walking away at the end of this…whatever this was…just as happy as she was now not to be in my bed. 
My body screamed in denial. She was mine. I had to taste her. At least once. Just one taste and then I could move on. The longer I was in her orbit, the more she consumed my every waking thought. I needed to get her under me and then get her out of my mind. My life. 
I pushed all of that aside. Nothing was happening tonight except food and making her legs feel better. I had to win this battle first. 
We made it back out to the living area. I settled her on the couch, complete with ice packs on her thighs. I moved back into the kitchen section and panicked for a moment. What the fuck was I doing in a kitchen? I could barely boil water correctly, let alone cook an actual meal.
I turned to the huge fridge. Opened the doors and prayed for inspiration. I really wanted to know more about her slipped comment. I’d almost imploded when she escaped to the bathroom. Horror after horror ran through my head as I tried to think of a way to take away someone’s ability to speak. But only temporarily. Duct tape was the least offensive option I’d conjured. 
“Sandwiches okay?” I called, my head still stuck in the fridge. 
“Sure. Mayo, not mustard, please.”
Thank fuck. I grabbed everything I could find that looked like it belonged on a sandwich. Laid it all out on the counter. 
She watched me over the back of the couch. “So, Ryker, what do you do with most of your days?”
I looked up at her. “Mostly I tell people what to do and how to do it. You?”
She snickered. “For some reason, I can imagine you doing exactly that. I get to play with pastries and cakes and dessert and cookies and anything that’s essentially bad for you.” Her smile sparkled. 
I examined her. “I don’t have a problem seeing you do that either. What got you into baking?” I asked as I slapped some mayo on her bread. 
When she was quiet for a little too long, I looked up. 
Her face was stark. Whatever color she’d gained after waking had washed away, leaving her eyes big green orbs in her tight, pinched face. 
“Cupcake?” I called. 
She blinked, shook herself. “Sorry.” She cleared her throat. “I got into baking because it brings people joy and I think more people can use a little extra joy.”
I blinked. That hadn’t been anywhere on my list of potential answers. I looked at her. Her cheeks were pink again and her face had lost its tense lines. She meant exactly what she said. 
“How did you get into your line of work? I’d think there were a lot of bossy people available. What makes your kind of bossy so special?” Her shoulders shook slightly as her lips twitched. 
Oh, cupcake, you haven’t even begun to see my bossy side. “I took it over from my dad. PennCorp is involved in just about anything that has to deal with electronics or computers. A little of this—” 
“A sprinkle of that,” she finished for me. 
I nodded. “Exactly. Keeps things exciting.” I slapped the sandwich together, made a quick one for myself. “What’s to drink?”
“I only keep water or tea in the house,” she called. 
I nodded. “Ice?”
“Yes, please. Thank you.” 
I got us both glasses with ice water. Brought everything over to her. Set my plate on the coffee table. It had been a long time since I sat and planned to have dinner without business or fucking following. 
“So, how did you get involved with the Amatuccis?” I asked after she had taken her first bite. It was remarkably easy to just sit with her. The silence wasn’t suffocating nor was it awkward. 
She smiled as she chewed. Held a finger. She finished chewing and set her sandwich down. After she took a drink of water, she began. “That’s an interesting story. Kinda long and winding.”
“Start wherever you want.” I took a bite of my own sandwich. Not too bad. 
“Well, Talia and I were in a girl’s school upstate. She was a couple years ahead of me, but we became best friends when some of the other girls were bullying her.” A smile curled her lips. “I was so pissed at those girls. High society princesses who thought they were special because their parents had too much money and not enough boundaries.”
I took another bite of my sandwich. “What happened? Did you kick their asses?”
She chuckled. “No. That would have gotten me in huge trouble. Not only with the headmistress but with my parents as well. No. Tali and I…we got even.” Her sage green eyes lit from within as an evil grin pulled at her mouth.
My dick twitched. Damn, she was sexy in her vengeance.
“How?”
She cocked one brow high. “Ever heard of gaslighting?”
I almost choked. “Seriously?”
“Yeah, before it was actually called gaslighting. I got a group of girls together, other victims of this particular girl and her friends. We made their lives hell and they couldn’t figure out how or why.” She took another bite of her sandwich. 
“What happened to them?”
“All but two of them transferred overseas to a school in Switzerland.” She toasted me with her water glass. “Tali and I have been together ever since.”
I raised my glass to her. “Sneaky, manipulative, and sexy with it. And yet you bake for a living because people need extra joy in their lives. Where’s the disconnect in your path?”
Her smile faded. “Growth, life experience, and the knowledge that I’m not nearly as important as I thought I was.” She took another bite of her sandwich, looked away as she chewed in silence. 
Well, shit. That turned dark fast. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to imply anything or take you down a dark path.”
She shook her head, didn’t look at me. “Everyone’s got baggage.” With what had to be a herculean effort, she pulled herself back to the present. “What about you? Any soul-crushing memories you’d like to share?” She sent me a teasing smile. 
I chuckled. “Fresh out of those today.”
The twitch of her shoulders told me I’d said the wrong thing. She pulled back even though she didn’t leave the couch. Shut down any kind of rapport we’d been building. 
Fuck. Something about this woman threw me off my game. I could read a room of business executives blindfolded, but this woman spun me around so much I couldn’t see with the lights on and my eyes open. I needed her to open up to me. I needed to know how to infiltrate her defenses in the fastest way possible. 
We finished eating in silence. And it wasn’t comfortable at all. Not this time. 
She wiped her mouth when she was done, set her paper napkin on her plate. Finished her glass of water before turning to look at me. “You made dinner, so I guess I’ll tell you what I said I would. You don’t have to worry about helping my legs. I think I’ll just go back to bed anyway. Get more sleep.”
I opened my mouth. She was throwing me out? Seriously? 
Her eyes closed, she took a deep breath. When she opened her eyes again, her eyes were hard. Her walls insurmountable. “My ex-husband used to drug me. A lot. That’s how he took away my ability to speak whatever I was thinking.” She stretched her mouth into some kind of smile, but it wasn’t happy. Nor was it sad. But it demanded I not pity her. 
She grabbed her plate, leaned over to put it on the coffee table. She let the ice packs fall to the floor. “You know where the door is.” She pulled the blanket off the back of the couch and settled it over her, closed her eyes as she turned into the back of the sofa. 
I reached out a hand. 
“Don’t. Don’t touch me. Just leave.” She hadn’t even opened her eyes. 
I pulled my hand back before I set my plate on the coffee table next to hers. What the fuck was I doing? Trying to comfort her? I didn’t care about this woman other than getting her under me. That obviously wasn’t happening tonight, so I might as well leave. 
I rose to my feet as a dark churning ball of…something…filled my belly. I grabbed my coat and briefcase from their spot on one of her chairs. “Good night, Willow,” I called from the door. I stood there for long moments, hoping. Some stupid part of me hoped she’d say something in return. 
She was silent. I couldn’t even hear her breathing. 
I stepped outside her apartment and pulled the door shut softly behind me. Fuck. I’d hurt her. I knew that. Was even okay with it in some parts of myself. She didn’t need to get attached to me. And she didn’t seem like the kind of girl to not get attached. 
I tested the doorknob to make sure it had locked behind me. It turned in my hand like the well-oiled machine it was. I dropped my head to the door. I couldn’t leave her here, not without some kind of protection. She was immobile in there. Add to that, I had no idea when the Amatucci siblings were going to get home. 
I released a sigh as I set my briefcase down on the ground and settled in for a long wait. I stretched my legs out, leaned back against the wall, and closed my eyes. 
Someone would be along eventually. 
Chapter 21 – Willow 

Do not cry. Do not cry. Do not cry. I bit my lip to keep the tears from falling, my breath from sobbing. 
“Good night, Willow,” he said. 
Get the fuck out so I can breakdown! Just leave! I raged at him mentally. I needed this man and his ulterior motives out of my life. Not only did he want to have sex with me, but he also didn’t share any part of himself outside of surface information. 
I didn’t need those kinds of people in my life. And certainly not from someone who wanted to use my body for his own pleasure. 
The door snicked shut softly. 
Like the dam had burst, tears flooded from my eyes. I pressed my face into the back cushion and screamed as long and as loud as I could. He’d let me believe, for just a sliver of a moment, that I was…not important, really. But wanted. 
But he didn’t really want me. Or certainly not all of me. He wanted the package I was wrapped in. Hell, I wouldn’t be surprised if he wanted me for the connections to the Amatuccis. As much as they were the mafia in New Trenadie, they were valued members of the community. They had extensive business dealings all over the world. 
Get over it, girl. You don’t want a man anyway, right? my inner voice tried to soothe me.
Right. I just want to make cupcakes and cookies and scones. I want to make people feel important and special and happy. Food did that. My food did that. 
I dashed the tears away. Reaching a hand over my head, I grabbed the box of tissues from the side table. I blew my nose and tossed the dirty tissue towards the kitchen where I would pick it up later. 
I closed my eyes, went over the three parties I had planned for this weekend. Work. That’s what kept me sane. What kept me stable. 
Natalie’s party was going to be a blast. The teen was a Potterhead like I’ve never seen before. She’d showed me pictures of her room on her phone. Everything was done in Hufflepuff’s black and yellow. She even had a stuffed toy badger she’d named Puffles. 
Her cake was a seven-tiered giant that was made up of the Harry Potter books. Each layer was a different flavor combination of cake and frosting. I needed to get those baked and decorated tomorrow. I’d assemble them on Friday at the party. Everything else was ready to go for that party. The meat, cheese, and fruit trays I provided would be a good accompaniment to the sugarfest of the cake. 
Natalie’s mother had decided to use a separate beverage vendor for some signature virgin cocktails for the event. I was a little unsure about that concept, but it wasn’t my party, so my opinion didn’t really matter. I just wanted Natalie to enjoy her cake. 
Of the three events this weekend, I thought the Stanten event was going to be my favorite. The cake certainly was already. Shaped like a diamond, it was a white Italian wedding cake draped in fondant. Steamed to give it a high shine, and then liberally dusted with silver sparkles for that diamond dust appearance. The display, including cake, weighed about twenty pounds. 
The Higgins/Wellman wedding should be pretty easy. A simple chocolate cake with white buttercream frosting in a rustic style. Sliced strawberries for color. Sheet cake to serve. The caterer was covering everything else. Thank the good goddess. Just the thought of having to do a full wedding spread this weekend made my legs ache. 
Thank goodness for small favors. I could just present my cakes, make sure they got stored correctly, and show someone how to cut them before serving it. Easy peasy, lemon squeazy. 
As I’d hoped, my mind began to slow as I worked my way through the party plans and requirements of the weekend. I could feel sleep tugging at me. Pulling me under, away from the day that was so full of ugliness. 
I heaved a sigh and sank into her welcoming arms. 
Chapter 22 – Ryker 

An ear-piercing scream had me jumping to my feet, fists ready before my brain could catch up. I blinked my eyes clear as another scream shattered the silence. 
Willow.
I burst into the loft, expecting to see someone standing over her, a knife brandished in the low light. But it was just her. Still on the couch, huddled under her blanket. The low light from over the stove didn’t cast a lot of illumination. 
“Please don’t. Please don’t hurt her. I’ll try, Ethan. Please, she’s just a little girl.” The words sobbed from her chest as I crept closer to her spot on the sofa. 
She was flat on her back, arms down at her sides. Her beautiful eyes were open wide, but blind and shuttered as she watched the horror only she could see. 
“Willow?”
She jerked. Tried to sink further into the cushions that supported her. “Shh, baby. Shh. Go somewhere else in your mind okay. He can’t hurt you in your mind.” Her hand twitched by her side as if she were trying to pet someone’s head. Only her fingers moved though. 
“Willow,” I said again. “Wake up.”
Her eyes fell closed as her mouth twitched. “Shh.” It was more like a leaky hose than words, but her fingers continued to move. 
“Cupcake?” I tried. I didn’t want to move her, to have her wake up and find me leaning over her or touching her. That path led nowhere either of us wanted to go. 
Her breathing shifted, slowed slightly. 
“Cupcake. Wake up,” I said a little louder. 
She jackknifed into a seated position, her fists curled into claws. “You can’t hurt me now, you fucker.”
My eyes widened as I shifted towards the kitchen. That could have been leveled at me or her phantom. 
“Cupcake, are you with me?” I moved back and flipped a light on without taking my eyes off of her. 
She slumped back down onto the couch as if she were a puppet and her strings had been cut. 
Fuck. “Cupcake. Answer me.”
“You better have a good fucking reason for being back in my house when I told you to leave,” she said. Her tone was waspish and snappy. 
I almost sobbed out a breath. Thank fuck. “Well, next time you scream bloody murder, I’ll just leave you to your horrors.” I stomped towards the door, unsure I could talk to her without demanding answers. Forcing her mind down deeper, darker paths. “Lock the door behind me.”
She laughed. It was hard and damp around the edges. “I would have done that the first time if I’d been able to, you asshole. Leave. I’ll be fine. Tali should be back any minute.”
My hand curled around the knob, my anger pulsing in my brain when I heard her sob. I stiffened. No. Get your ass out the door. You don’t need this kind of trouble just to get into her pants, the asshole side of my psyche argued. She’s not going to put out anyway. Go call Synra, slake your thirst that way. 
Another sob broke through her control. Damn it. I stormed back across her apartment, scooped her ass up into my arms, and stalked to her bedroom. 
“Put me down, you motherfucker. Now.” She beat at me with her fists, scratched down my arms with her fingernails. 
“Stow it, cupcake. I know I’m an asshole. I’m a worthless human being at the end of it, but fuck if I’ll let you just cry yourself to sleep on the couch.” I swallowed back the rest of the words that crowded my mouth. Changed them. “Besides, your Amatuccis would have my ass. I’m not the masochist.”
She stilled, held her body rigidly against me. We made it to her room. I bumped the light switch with my elbow. The messy bed from earlier beckoned me to just toss her into it. Be done with the whole night. 
Treat her like a princess. Grams’ voice floated through my head. I clenched my back teeth together. I didn’t need any other advice. My head was full enough as it was. 
I got Willow back to her feet. “What do you sleep in?”
She jerked back as if I’d struck her. “No. Get out of my house, Penn. Now.” She tried to stomp her foot, but she couldn’t lift it very high. 
I felt a smile tug at my mouth. I tried to bite it back. But this whole situation was beyond ridiculous. I was literally fighting with a woman about putting on her PJs. Never in my life had I felt more like a perverted high schooler. I just wanted her to be comfortable, damn it. Was that so hard to believe?
Her lips twitched. She gave me a stern look. “Now.” She pointed towards the door, her chin high in the air. 
I crossed my arms. Tried to wrestle my face back into angry lines. I failed. 
Her laughter burst from her in one giant yell. She tipped forward at the waist, her arms around her belly. “Don’t think that just because I’m laughing at you, I’m not still pissed off.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it, cupcake.” I chuckled as I watched her stand back up.
She truly was a thing of beauty. Her long hair curled along her slim back. Her tits were the perfect size. Her hips and ass enough to grab onto. Curves for days. 
“Get that look off your face, Penn. Not happening.” She stabbed her finger in my direction. 
“Not my fault I like the way you’re put together.” I shrugged. 
“No, but you don’t have to make me feel like a piece of meat in the grocery store. I’ve already told you: I’m not sleeping with you. You can be my friend, or you can get out of my life.”
I rolled my lips in. Hummed. I tipped my head to the side. “Since I’ve met you, I’ve experienced a number of firsts. First time to lie to medical staff. First time to be a hero. First time I'm told a woman has to pee when I’m holding her in my arms. First time I’ve been accused of kidnapping. First time I’ve been flat out rejected before exchanging a kiss.” I studied her. “What is it about you that keeps interrupting my life, cupcake?”
She shrugged. “Maybe you’ve just had a boring life, or you know some extremely boring people.” She crossed her arms over her chest. “Not my fault you hang out with the wrong crowd.”
The irony of that statement had me tipping forward with laughter. She literally hung out with the mafia and was saying that I had the bad friend group? She was amazing. 
I straightened. “Look, I know things ended on a rocky spot with us. I’ve got a lot of shit in my life. You seem to have your fair share. I don’t want to add to yours.” I hoped she understood what I was trying to say.
She licked her lips. “A one-sided friendship is a very lonely position, Penn. You can’t expect people to always give while you only take. That makes you a user, not a friend.”
As if she’d held up a spotlight on my soul, I knew she was right. Taking was all I knew. It’s how I survived. How I’d succeeded in life instead of letting it pound me into hell. 
I nodded. “You’re right.” I swiped a hand over my face. “I’m sorry.” 
Her eyes were the size of saucers when I brought my gaze to hers. 
“What?” I wiped my face again, hoping nothing was on it. Not that there really could have been. 
She shook her head. “I didn’t see you as someone who said he was sorry.”
I clutched at my chest dramatically. 
She rolled her eyes. “You’ve got that whole ‘I’m the master of my universe and you should bow before me’ vibe going on. Not a lot of apologizing going on in that worldview. At least not from you.”
One of my eyebrows raised. She wasn’t wrong. I’d made my life tidy enough that I didn’t apologize for much. “You’re right. I’m not a good friend. Hell, I’m not really a friend at all. Good, bad, or otherwise.” 
She snorted a laugh. “And yet you want me in your bed? If you’re not a good friend, why do you think you’re a good lover?” She raised a brow. 
“I’ve not had any complaints. And none of my lovers ended up in—” I cut the thought off. Winced. 
She let loose a low whistle. “Wow. I’m not sure that comparing yourself to my ex is something you really want to do. That’s a really low bar of measure.” She tapped a finger to her lower lip. “How about this? When you figure out how to be a good friend, come back and find me?”
What the fuck? She wanted me to be her friend before I could fuck her? That’s ridiculous. Men and women couldn’t be friends. Not really. “What?” I couldn’t have heard her right. 
She sighed, dropped her arms. “Look, Ryker, I like you. I think you’re fun—when you’re not being an asshole. But I don’t need any more greedy people in my life. Been there, lived that, some bastard stole the t-shirt. So, if you ever want this to work out,” she flicked her finger between our bodies a couple times, “then you need to figure out how to be a good friend. I’m not giving up my celibacy just so you can get your rocks off. You’ve got a hand or bevy of beauties panting at your feet, I’m sure.”
I was dumbstruck. That was the biggest load of shit I’d ever heard. No. Not just no—fuck no. I didn’t dance to anyone’s tune. Nor was I anyone’s puppet. I was the master who danced those strings around. 
“What about my helping you lately? Does that earn me any friend points?” The words popped out of my mouth before my brain could erase them. 
Her eyes widened. “You want a points system for friendship?”
Hey, I might be able to get that to work. How hard would it be to pretend? Hell, the last couple of days certainly hadn’t been a huge hardship. If I could get under her skin enough to make her slide more to my end, maybe I could get her under me faster. 
I slapped a look of chagrined embarrassment on my face, bumped a shoulder in the air. “Sure. I’ve already told you I’m not anyone’s friend. I honestly don’t know how to be one. So the points would be an objective measure that I could use to see if I’m going in the right direction.” I had no idea the shit that was falling from my mouth, but I could only hope she bought it. Otherwise, I was out. And I knew, deep down, that I would regret not sampling her. 
She crossed her arms again, looked up at me. Judging, weighing, thinking. “Who would give you the points?”
“You. Or your brothers.”
She smiled at that comment. “If you’re a shitty friend?”
“Then I lose some.” Yes. Keep following whatever track that is, cupcake. I can play along with the best Oscar winner. 
She tipped her head to the side. “How many points do you think would make you a good friend?”
“Ten.”
Cupcake’s head tipped all the way back as she laughed. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she bent forward. 
I narrowed my eyes at her as she grabbed her belly. The little jerk. “I don’t know that that kind of laughter is very friendly.”
She waved that comment away, tried to get her laughter under control. “Ten.” She blew out a breath. Tried to pinch the corners of her mouth together. “I was thinking either fifty or a good, solid hundred.”
“What the fuck? How good of friends are you expecting us to be? I refuse to buy you tampons or listen to you rattle on about your period. I’ve got to draw the line somewhere.” I slashed my hand through the air. 
Her face turned beet red as it scrunched up. Once again, a huge belly laugh exploded from her. 
This time, when she tipped her head back, I put two fingers against her sternum and gave her a little push. She toppled over onto the bed. Her laughter cut off super quick. Like she’d been electrocuted, or her throat had been cut. 
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” she glared up at me. All traces of humor gone. 
“When this shitshow of an evening started, I promised to make your legs feel better. Since I’m trying to be a good friend, I figured I might as well keep that promise.” I helped her get straight on the bed. 
She scowled at me. “Literally pushing me around isn’t going to get you any points, Ten.”
I shook my head. “No. You are not calling me that.”
A smirk lit up her face. 
Damn it. I should have just left it alone. “Where’s your lotion or oil or whatever?”
She blinked at me like she didn’t speak English. 
I waved my hand in front of her face. “Hello? You still in there, cupcake?”
She shook herself. “Yes. But why do you need to know where it is?”
My brow furrowed. “How did you think I was going to make your legs feel better?”
“Certainly not by touching me. I don’t like people touching me.”
I raised a brow. “You didn’t mind during lunch,” I said softly. 
Her cheeks heated. 
She wasn’t immune to me. I could work with that. I knew all kinds of stuff she would probably enjoy. I could get her to dance to my side of the line. No harm, no foul. 
“Besides, you can’t move your legs very well. Which is keeping all the cellular debris of the bruising stuck exactly where it is. Lymphatic massage can help not only with the swelling but also help reduce the appearance of the bruising. If done often enough, it can help your blood vessels heal faster as well.”
She narrowed her eyes at me as her gaze flicked back and forth between my eyes. It was nothing but the truth, so I didn’t have anything to hide from her probing gaze. 
“No funny business. I need to be able to walk this weekend. I don’t want to call in the cavalry, so I need to be as healed as possible. If I let you touch me, do you swear to keep it platonic?”
Fuck. Fine. I nodded. “I promise.” I held out my hand for her to shake. 
She studied me again. Looked between my hand and my eyes several times. Slowly, so slowly it felt like I was watching glacier caps melting, she put her hand in mine and we shook on the promise. 
“Good. Now that that’s finally settled, where’s your lotion?” I asked as I straightened. 
She pointed to the bathroom. “Cabinet beside the toilet. Upper left corner.”
I nodded. “You going to sleep in your dress?” I asked as I moved to the bathroom. 
“No. But I’m not getting naked in front of you either. So you’ll just have to deal with it.”
I laughed softly as I opened the cabinet door. Right where she said it’d be. I grabbed the bottle, headed back out to the bedroom. 
“Can you touch your toes?” I asked her. 
Her face screwed up in confusion. “Huh?”
I rolled my eyes at her. “Can you touch your toes?” I enunciated each word carefully. 
She nodded as she glared at me. 
“Fine. Then tell me what you want to wear to bed. I’ll get it for you. You can put it on under your dress. When you’re set, take your dress off. I just need to be able to get to your thighs. Humans have large pockets of lymph nodes in their groins and behind their knees. We’re going to be forcing both into overtime with this massage.” 
She didn’t move. 
I clapped my hands at her. “Chop, chop, cupcake. I’m not sure you’d like your brothers to see you with my hands all over your legs.”
She jerked and pointed to her closet. “Built-ins just inside the door on the left. Boy shorts in the top drawer. Tank on a hanger. Black, for both.”
I put the lotion down and moved to her closet. Got the items and returned. I got the panties set up for her on the floor so all she had to do was slide her legs into the holes and pull them up. I grabbed the lotion bottle. “I’m going into the kitchen to warm this up. Be ready by the time I get back or I’ll finish helping you.”
Spinning on my heel, I walked out before she could say anything else. My hands were shaking slightly as I got a bowl down from the cabinet. Just friends. Just friends. Just friends. I was finally getting to touch her. Start my slow seduction of her body. Her mind. 
I dumped a small bit of lotion into the bowl and placed it in the microwave for thirty seconds. It was the perfect temperature and consistency when I pulled it out. I grabbed a spoon and headed back to the bedroom. 
“Ready or not, here I come.”
Chapter 23 – Willow 

I scrambled to pull the boyshorts up my legs before he came back in the room. Getting my dress off and my tank on had taken entirely too much of the one minute he’d given me. With a wince, I crashed back onto the bed as I heard his footsteps reach the outside of my doorway.
Holy cannoli that had been close. 
“Where are your extra towels?” he asked.
I looked over at him. He was stirring something in a bowl, his gaze fixed to my body. And not my legs. 
I glared at him. Not that he noticed. I snapped my fingers. Waited until he raised his gaze to my eyes. “Friends, Ten. Friends.”
He grimaced and glared. “I already hate that nickname. Towels?”
I pointed him back towards the bathroom. “Same cabinet, lower right.” I was keeping that nickname until a better one came along. It was so very fitting. In a number of ways. 
Ryker came back out of the bathroom. A towel draped over one arm, a glass bowl with something white in it. He set both on the floor next to my bed. 
Reaching down his hands, he waited for me to grab them so he could lift me up. I wasn’t planning on him swinging me up into his arms and settling me on his shoulder. 
“Hey!” I slapped his lower back. “Put me down.”
He clamped an arm over the bend in my knees. “Hold still or I’ll drop you. I need to put this towel down first so we don’t ruin your sheets or blanket.” 
I stilled and tried to not move. I really didn’t want to get dropped on my head because he was busy fiddling with a towel. 
Once his arms stopped moving all around, he moved to the foot of my bed. I felt him dip down towards the floor. “Just fall back onto the bed. It’s all ready for you,” he said, his voice a little muffled. 
Right. He’s assuming I have abs or back muscles. I reached down, levered myself up with my hands against his back until I was upright in his arms. With a prayer, I tipped backwards and landed on the bed with a big, “OOF!”
He chuckled as he stood back up. “Graceful.”
I glared at him. Tried to get up into a reclining position. I wanted to see what this supposed lymphatic massage was supposed to be. 
With his hand flat on my forehead, he pushed my head back down. “Just lay back. I need you flat, not cutting off the circulation at your hips.”
“So I just lay here and think of England?” I muttered. 
He drilled a finger into my ribs. “Friends don’t have to think of England when they’re getting a massage. I swear, no funny stuff.”
I swatted his hand away. “Then get on with it already.” 
“Bossy.” He settled the bowl against my opposite hip. Placed my hand around the outside of it so it wouldn’t tip over. 
“How many of these have you done? You seem pretty skilled.” I watched his face. 
Sadness touched his grass-green eyes. “My Grams needed care for a while during my college years. She stayed at our house. One of the physical therapists taught me how to do this.”
I swallowed back the snarky comment that was ready on my lips. “I’m sorry. Is she still here?”
He nodded as he dipped his hand into the bowl. “Yeah.” He cupped his free hand under the one that was full, moved both hands towards my feet. “Yeah, she’s in long-term care at Good Shepherd.”
My heart pinched. “Will she ever get to leave?” I asked softly.
He shook his head. 
I wanted to touch him. To pat his leg or offer him comfort. But considering his previous behavior, I had a feeling it would either be misinterpreted or unwelcome. I kept my hands to myself. “I’m sorry. I’ve never lost someone I loved, but if you ever need anyone to talk to, I’m here for you.”
He nodded. “Thanks.” He seemed to shake himself. He looked up at me. “You ready?”
I nodded. If he’d done this for his grandmother, I felt I was pretty safe in getting it done and not having anything ‘unfriendly’ spring up. 
He dribbled the liquid over my legs. Warm, not quite hot, it was very soothing against my skin. He grabbed another palmful from the bowl at my hip and did the process again. And again. 
“Are you making a slip n slide on my legs?” I asked, humor in my tone. 
He shot me a wink. “More lotion means I won’t be able to dig into your muscles. Which is good. If the tissue has been damaged, then I need to refrain from jabbing into them. Lymphatic massage is about moving the fluid inside your tissue. Not the tissue itself.”
All I heard was ‘barely any pressure.’ I struggled not to whine. Light, fleeting touches did nothing but annoy me. But, he was trying to be a friend, so I would shut up and let him do so. 
After I was lubed up to his apparent satisfaction, he started at my toes. Long, slow gliding strokes from each toe up to my knee. His hands were warm, the slightest bit rough. 
I couldn’t tell that he was doing a whole lot, but if he was trying to move the liquid that was inside my body, I wasn’t sure what I was expecting. Over and over he ran the flat of his hands over my skin. The pressure was enough that I knew where his hands were, but that was about it. 
My mind began to empty as I mentally traced his hands over my skin. I’d never spent a lot of time thinking about my body. Not since getting divorced. While I’d been married, I’d had nothing else to think about. 
But here, now, with Ryker, I became aware of everything. My skin. How sore my lower legs were. Right over my ankles, it felt like I had boulders trying to procreate. 
As if he knew exactly where to go, he concentrated his light strokes over those areas. As he worked in smooth circles on my lower legs, I felt my body sink into the bed. 
His slight chuckle a low hum in the air. “Feel good?”
I nodded. “Very. You’ve got good hands.”
“I’ll tell Grams her therapist trained me well.”
I smiled and looked at him. His expression was intense as he watched his hands. Little frowns would pucker his brows when he would hit a spot that needed extra attention. His fingertips would flatten against my flesh, angle the slightest bit deeper. 
By the time he got to my right knee, I was anticipating his touch. The surface of his skin had smoothed out against mine. But, if such a thing were possible, his hands had gotten warmer. Almost hot. Like he’d held a cup of freshly poured coffee for long moments before touching me. 
His fingers traced the joint softly. Moved in long gliding motions from just below my knee to directly above it. I lost count of the number of times he followed the same path. 
One particular spot on the inside, just over the edge of my bone had me sucking in a breath. My lower belly tightened in a rush. Holy cannoli, what the shit was that?
“Okay?” he asked, his hands stalled on the point. 
I nodded. “Yeah. Just sensitive right there.” Please goddess don’t let him know what kind of sensitive. 
His brow tightened slightly. With slower speed and a hint more pressure, he prodded the area with more focus. Over and over he ran his fingers on that spot that made me feel like I was about to come off the bed. 
Recipes filled my head as I tried to get my mind off of what he was doing. Two and a half cups of sugar. One and a half cups of unsweetened cocoa powder. One and a quarter cups of sweet goddess, please, just a little harder.
No. Wrong. 
“Cupcake? You good? Your body’s all tense. Am I hurting you?” He sounded concerned. 
“Maybe move to a different spot?” My words were a little shaky around the edges but I thought I sounded pretty normal. I looked at him. 
He nodded but continued to frown. He bent my knee the slightest degree, angled it outward from the midline of my body. “I swear I’m not creeping on your goodies. You’ve got a lot of fluid sitting in your inner thigh. You okay for me to drag it up and out towards your hip bone point?” He tapped the outside edge of the waistband of my boyshorts. 
“How are you going to drag it up and out?” 
He angled his hands down between my legs. 
I let out a peep, my eyes huge. 
He chuckled. “Hold on.” Once he had a soft, open-handed grip on my flesh, he somehow managed to flatten it and roll it outwards towards my hip in one smooth motion. 
My eyes almost rolled up inside my head. A low moan vibrated from my throat before I knew what was happening. 
My eyes popped wide again. I slapped a hand over my mouth. “I’m sorry. I don’t know how that happened.”
He chuckled and got his hands between my legs again. “You’ve got tons of nerve endings, fluid, flesh, tissue, and muscle here. If you’ve been celibate, it doesn’t get touched very often. I’ll try not to let it go to my head.”
My cheeks flushed as his smile widened. 
He did the motion again. 
Fire lit my insides. Sweet goddess and all the brownies, that was amazing. Another moan purled from my throat. I grabbed the extra pillow and slapped it over my face. “CARRY ON!” I yelled through the thick fluff. 
Holy fucking cannoli! I felt that everywhere. Gone was the sleepy haze that had invaded my mind as I followed his touch over my skin. No. Now, I had very definite ideas of where I wanted his hands. But they had nothing to do with lymphatic massage. 
Sweet bippy, this was going to be the best kind of torture. 
Chapter 24 – Ryker 

I bit my lip as she wiggled and slithered around on the bed. She was going to drive me fucking bonkers. Her moans had me believing in angels. 
Forcing myself to keep the pressure light, correct, was the worst lesson in self-control I’d had in at least a decade. Her pelvis dipped low and bumped up as I tried to keep being her friend. 
Think of Grams. Think of Grams. Think of Grams. 
Treat her like a princess. Grams’ sweet voice in my head helped clear the lust that was as thick as the lotion I was using on Willow. Sweet fuck, let this be over soon. 
Her left leg pushed into my hip. 
Shit. Her other leg. Not to mention the backs of her legs. I was going to implode. Or die. Can someone die from blue balls? Is that a thing?
It had started out fine. Very platonic. I could feel the fluid sitting just beneath her skin. Felt it move out of the way under the light force of my hands. Her skin was losing that puffiness that accompanied the purple and blue colors. At least in her lower legs. Her ankles looked almost normal now. 
I’d been able to focus on healing. On helping her feel better. I’d been doing a damn good job of it, too. 
Now? Now all I wanted to do was slide my hands the slightest bit higher. Feel the wet heat of her pussy instead of the lotion that was rapidly cooling. I wanted to trace my fingers over flesh that was full of nerve endings and hear her moan again. 
“Ryker.”
My head tipped back as I tried to concentrate through the lust. I was hallucinating her voice in my head calling me by my first name. My lovers weren’t allowed to do that. Ever. It was always Mr. Penn. 
But it felt right for Willow to use my first name. 
“Ryker.” 
One of her hands grabbed mine.
I brought my head up in a flash, afraid I’d gotten carried away. She peeked at me from under the pillow. Her face was flushed under the lights of her bedroom. Her eyes were heavy and almost glowing. “You need to stop.”
I ground my teeth together. I swallowed, made sure I could control my voice. “I need to do your other leg. I swear I’ll keep it kosher. But you’d hate me if I only did one leg. Not to mention feel like your left leg was encased in monster truck tires compared to your right.”
She studied me, her sage eyes heated and begging. I knew she wasn’t begging me to touch her. Not really. Not in the way I wanted to. But damn did I want to see her looking at me like that soon. 
So fucking soon. 
I lifted my hands away from her right thigh. I grabbed the bowl at her hip. “I need to go warm this up again.” I got up and walked out of the room. The bowl was low enough that hopefully she hadn’t seen how hard I was. 
I put the bowl back in the microwave. Hit the thirty seconds button. I opened the freezer and stuffed my head in there. I’ve got to get my body under control if I’m going to go back in there and finish helping her legs. Fuck, friendship is hard.
I let the freezer door shut as I moved to the sink. I flipped the water on, wrenched it to the cold side. I let the water run over my hands for a moment. Then, looking over my shoulder in both directions to make sure the coast was still clear, I shoved my hands down my pants and gripped my dick. That fucker was hard as steel. 
I hissed out a breath as the shock of the colder temperature softened the iron somewhat. The microwave dinged as I pulled my hands out of my pants. I hurried to wash my hands and get back to Willow. 
I walked back into her room and just about dropped the bowl on the stone floor. She was  spread-eagle, just the black tank and panties covering the good bits. Her left leg glistened under the light. Like the finest sheen of sweat has decorated her. 
“Ryker? You good?” she asked, her brows high as she raised her head and stared at me. 
I jolted into motion. “Yeah.” I swallowed. “All good.” I walked over to her bed, bowl held low again. I climbed onto the other side of the bed. Wrenched my long legs into the crossed-legged position. Her leg I’m working on needs to stay as straight as possible. If it bends or dips down, that’s where all the fluid will pool. 
I scooched up until my knees nestled against her hip and her knee. The bowl went against her far hip and I started again at her toes. The old lotion had congealed slightly in the cooler air, but as soon as I added the warmer lotion, it beaded up, ready to be used. 
Grams. Grams. Grams. 
Gams. Gams. Gams. 
Fuck, Willow has the sexiest legs I think I’ve ever seen. Like the women from the 1950s, her ankles are narrow and slim. From there, the slight swell of her calves blossomed before dipping in for her knees. Then it was all flowering flesh from knees to hips. Her hips and ass…I was in hell while touching heaven. 
I struggled not to rush. To get to her thighs so I could hear her moan as my hands moved over her flesh. I resorted to counting. Ten long seconds to get from toes to just over her ankle. Twenty times each. 
Fifteen seconds to trail from ankle to knee. Her skin was still mottled, but the healthy glow of the surface had me biting my lip. I wanted to trail my tongue up her skin. Taste her everywhere. 
One day. Hopefully, one day fucking soon, I’d get to. It was either that or go fucking insane.
Finally, her leg from knee down was done. I was back at the gates of Valhalla. Standing outside, hoping for a glimpse beyond the gate. 
The breath backed up in my chest as I gathered her flesh in my hands. As I leaned forward to roll it up and out to her hip bone, I made the mistake of looking up into her face. 
Lust, so rich and thick I could practically taste it, pulled at her face. Her lips were swollen as if she’d been biting at them. Pink rode her cheeks. They brought out the sparkle in her eyes as her pupils blew out. 
My fingers gripped instead of rolled. 
Her eyes fluttered while her body rippled under my hands as a moan lifted from her mouth. Her hand landed on my thigh. On another moan, her nails sank into the denim and flesh. 
Sweet pain sparked through my mind. Without thought, I pushed my thigh up against her hand. Deepened the pressure of her nails against me. 
We stayed there for long moments. Long enough that my lungs started pleading for oxygen. I inhaled so quickly, I let out a low whistle. 
She dropped her hand from my leg like I was a hot potato and she was allergic to starch. 
I rocked back, sat up straight. My hands no longer touched her body. They hovered somewhere over her belly. Two sides of my mind fought a vicious and bloody battle. 
The good side must have won because I let them fall back into my lap instead of on her. I closed my eyes, breathed in through my nose and out through my mouth until I could no longer feel my heartbeat in my ears. 
“Holy fucking cannoli,” she breathed. 
I chuckled. “Yeah. It wasn’t ever like that with Grams.”
We both paused as my words settled on the air around us. 
As if on some signal, we both burst into laughter. I fell back, my head tipping off the side of the bed as huge gusts of emotion poured through me. Not quite the release I had in mind, but it would do for now. I’d done it. I’d been a nice friend. Surely, I was up to like ninety points for this. Hell, maybe even ninety-five. 
“What the hell is going on?” Tali said from the door. Her voice was ice cold and her brothers all stood behind her. Rage in their eyes. 
Well, fuck. 
Chapter 25 – Willow 

I hurried to sit up. My body was mostly mush, so it took a hot minute. I grabbed onto Ryker’s leg to help. 
He shoved me away like I was a leper.
I fell back against the pillows. 
“Minus five points,” I said under my breath. “Jerk.”
He sighed, reached over and helped me sit. “Can I have them back now?”
I narrowed my eyes at him. “Maybe.”
“What are you two whispering about? Why is Ryker on your bed?” Tali asked, arms crossed, one hip popped out. She tapped her long red nails against her opposite arm. “I’m waiting.”
“He was helping me with my legs. Apparently there’s a type of massage that helps move fluid around. Lymphatic massage.” I looked at Rafe, glared. “At least he didn’t drug me.”
Rafe ducked his head, scooted away from the doorway. 
“That’s not going to save you, Rafe. We’re going to have words, you and me,” I yelled after him. I looked at the other Amatucci siblings. “How’s Momma?”
Tali shook her head. “Nope. Still on you and Ryker.”
I rolled my eyes. “He was helping me after I had a nightmare.” I shrugged. I didn’t know what else they wanted me to say. Had it gotten a little more heated than I’d planned? Yes. But we’d kept our hands to ourselves. No harm, no foul. 
“None of you were here to help. It fell to me.” Ryker gathered up the bowl, pulled the towel out from under my body. “I couldn’t just let her suffer.”
I smiled at him. Turned to the Amatuccis. “See. Just helping out a friend.”
Dom snorted. “Helped himself into your bed.”
“Farther than you’ve gotten and you’ve  known her how many years?” Ryker said. 
I sucked in a breath. Felt part of my heart crack. I wasn’t some kind of trophy in a competition. “You just dropped into the negatives, Ryker. You asshole. Get out.” I pointed towards the door. 
His lips thinned down into a tight, mulish line. He turned fully to look at me, his back to the Amatuccis. “Make sure you drink a lot of water tomorrow.” He looked like he was going to say something else, but he snapped his mouth closed and spun on his heel. Strode from the room. If he’d been a steam engine locomotive, I think I would have heard that whistle blowing from a mile away.
He slammed the bowl into Dom’s belly as he passed. “Take care of that for me, will you?” 
I could feel myself vibrating with the urge to run after him and give him a piece of my mind. But not while the Amatuccis were here. What had happened in this bed was between him and me alone. As much as I wanted to put my adopted siblings at ease, Ryker and I were both adults and we’d honored the boundaries we set up before anything happened. 
Tali walked into the bedroom fully, her brows pulled up and together as she searched my face. “You’re okay? Really?”
I heaved a sigh. “Yeah, Tali. All he did was massage my legs.”
“And all the sexy moaning?” Turo asked. “I can go beat the shit out of him. No fuss, no muss.” He dusted his hands off. 
“According to Ryker, there’re a lot of nerve endings in your thighs. Since I’ve been celibate, mine haven’t been touched in a while. Combine that with the relief of having some of this stupid swelling being pushed out, it felt like heaven.” I wasn’t going to mention the fact that I’d been this close to begging Ryker to touch me. And not just on my legs. 
I hadn’t been that turned on in my entire life. And while baking had been up there on my list of wants, it had taken a distant second place to appeasing that arousal. I’d need to be even more on my guard with Ryker in the future. If he could make my body sing like that with just a platonic massage, what could he do when he set his mind to actually seducing me?
I shuddered delicately as all kinds of ideas ran through my mind. I was definitely going to have to be more careful. I wasn’t willing to be a convenient orifice for Ryker’s pleasure. I’d buy him a pocket pussy before I submitted myself to that kind of use. 
“You consented to everything? From start to finish?” Mas asked in his hoarse whisper. His eyes were dark, his mouth edged down at the corners. 
I nodded. “Yes. He even told me what would be happening when he got to my thighs because he had to reposition them. Everything was above board. I just wasn’t ready for the sensation overload.”
Tali snorted. “I could have told you that.” She sat on the edge of the bed. “The nightmare?”
I shrugged. “Pretty normal. He had one of the younger ones. I was pleading with him.” I didn’t want to bring it back to mind fully, so I left it at that brief explanation. 
Tali nodded, her face and gaze thoughtful. “So, assuming his intentions were pure, how do you feel?” She pointed with her chin towards my legs. 
I pumped them up and down on the bed. “Really freaking good actually.” I looked up and over at Rafe. “I probably needed the sleep. But you ever give me something else that I haven’t agreed to, and I’ll cut you out of my life so fast, your head will spin.” 
He nodded. “I’m sorry, Willow. I should have told you, let you make your own decisions.” 
“Damn right, you should’ve.” I nodded emphatically. 
“Can I look at your legs?” he asked before crossing the threshold of my room. 
I nodded. “Have you ever heard of lymphatic massage?” I was watching his face as he came closer. No recognition showed on his features. 
He shook his head. “Emergency medicine doesn’t really care about interstitial swelling. Or swelling of any kind outside of your brain.” He ran his fingers lightly over the skin of my ankles. “I can actually feel the edges of your bones now.” He looked up, his dark eyes wide. “That’s amazing.”
I nodded. I wanted to share how Ryker learned about the massage technique, but I couldn’t without sharing personal information. I kept my mouth shut. “I feel like I have more…” I tipped my head to the side as I searched for the right word, “space? If that makes any sense.” I pumped my knees up and down on the bed again.
While they were still a little stiff and sore, they truly did feel better. I might have to convince Ryker to teach Tali or someone else how to give me a lymphatic massage. I wasn’t sure I could handle another one from the man himself. 
Rafe slid his palms up to the actual injury site on my right leg. “They’re warm, but not in a bad way.”
I nodded again. “Yeah. They feel all glowy on the inside.” I shrugged. I didn’t know how else to explain it. 
He nodded. “I’m going to press, see if I can feel the damaged tissue.” He looked up at me. “Is that okay?”
I smiled. “Sure. Thank you for asking.” 
He gave me a crooked smile. His fingertips pushed into the flesh of my thigh. First my right, then my left. “I can still feel some of the excess fluid in here.” He walked his fingers up and down my leg. “But you’re right, there is a massive difference from about here,” he put his fingers a few inches above my knees, “down. Your lower legs should probably even lose the discoloration sooner.” 
I smiled. “I’m all for not looking like I got run over by a truck.”
He got up from the bed. “Have you had any water tonight?”
I nodded. “Ryker made me dinner.”
Dom snarled from the doorway. “For fucks sake, Will. Was it a fucking date?” He stormed from the door, bowl still in his hands. After a few seconds, the sound of the glass hitting the granite countertop shot through the loft. 
I winced. Felt my shoulders bunch up around my ears. Damn it. 
Tali patted my foot. “You don’t owe him anything, Chase. He hasn’t asked for exclusivity or even to go on a date with you. He can go be pissy if he wants. But that’s on him. Not you.”
Turo snorted. “That’s all on him. He wants to man up and ask you out, he can. Until that time, you’re a free agent.”
Mas moved into the room, knelt by the side of my bed next to his youngest brother. “I can go rough him up for you. Tell him to stop wearing his ass as a hat.” 
I laughed. Shook my head. “I just hate that I’ve hurt his feelings.” I knew how Dom felt about me. I would have to be blind, deaf, mute, and living in a medically induced coma again to not understand his feelings for me. Hell, I’d even pictured myself marrying him at some point. 
But it wasn’t now. I truly didn’t want any man in my life right now. Being single was more than enough for me. Being single and having the Amatuccis as my family. I couldn’t lose that. If my being friends with Ryker upset the balance I had with the Amatuccis, I might have to cut Ryker loose. 
I winced. After the huge discussion about being a good friend, I was going to be the worst kind of friend. 
“You can be friends with both of them, Chase,” Tali said softly. “This is the twenty-first century. No one can dictate your friendships but you.”
I nodded. Put it aside for Future Willow to deal with. She was going to have fun with that one. 
“Back to my question though, have you had any water since dinner?” Rafe asked, drawing my attention back to him. 
I shook my head. “No, we went from nightmare to discussion to massage. No water in any of that.”
He pushed to his feet. “I’ll get you a glass to get you started. If you want to keep those results, I would assume you’re going to need to drink it by the gallon tomorrow.” He walked off, mumbling under his breath. 
Turo came in, pressed his lips to my forehead. “Night, Will. Happy sleep.” 
“You’re going?” I asked. I’d barely gotten to see him, to talk to him. 
He nodded. “It’s almost midnight, sorellina. I’ve got meetings tomorrow.”
I grabbed his hand. “Then, night, Turo. Happy sleep to you as well.”
He squeezed my fingers and walked out. He spoke to Rafe as they crossed paths. Rafe nodded and kept walking. “Here. I brought you two plain ibuprofen.” He held out his hand. Two small, round brown pills sat in his palm. 
“I should have known they were different. These look nothing like the ones from earlier today.” I took them with a big gulp of water. “If it’s really that late, I think all of us need to get to bed.” 
Tali shooed her brothers out. 
All but Dom came to my bedside and said goodnight. I can’t say I wasn’t a little hurt by Dom’s actions. Because I was. His siblings were right. He’d never asked me to date him or anything else. We had an unspoken kind of thing. A sort of visceral chemistry and understanding. 
At least Ryker had stated his intentions clearly. He wanted me under him. Or over him. I thought about Ryker. Knowing how bossy he was, it would probably be me under him. 
With Dom, even though he was as bossy as Ryker, he’d never said anything. At least not explicitly. Could I have talked to Dom about it? Sure. But what if it was all in my head? That the connection between us was just a figment of my imagination? I could damage our relationship in so many different ways. And that was what I couldn’t handle. Ruining what we did have on the off chance that something else could possibly begin or bloom. 
I wrestled with the idea of talking to Dom about all of this. I could talk myself into either option, for very good reasons. But the end result was that I did nothing. 
Tali finally came to bed and kissed my forehead. “Night, Chase. Happy sleep.”
I repeated the same to her. 
Please, goddess, let me have a happy sleep.
Chapter 26 – Ryker 

I slammed the car door behind me as I slid into the driver’s seat. Curling my fingers around the wheel, I gripped it so hard my knuckles turned white as a cramp spasmed through my palm. What the fuck had I been thinking? 
I wanted to hit something. Kick it. Beat it to a bloody pulp. If my own ass had been within reach, I would have laid me out. I’d been so close to getting her under me. Had it not been for my big stupid mouth, the next time I met up with Willow, I could have closed the deal. 
But no, Domenico came in. All but pissed on her to claim his territory and I’d snapped. She’d been calling my name, moaning under my hands. She was fucking mine!
I stabbed the button to turn the car on. Waited for the systems check before gunning it. I headed out of the parking garage. Turned so fast, my tires squealed. 
Fury blinded me as I shot down the street. When I almost took out a nice couple too wrapped up in each other to notice the silent bullet of my Tesla firing down the street, I slowed down. I flipped them off, but I slowed down. 
“Incoming call,” the car announced. 
I looked at the dash quickly to see who it was. Synra. Even the thought of touching her right now had my belly slipping sideways. She wasn’t the one I wanted in my dungeon. In my bed. 
Fuck. No. Willow was not going to be in my bed. Ever. No woman was. She would stay in the dungeon and use that bed if she needed to rest up after I finished with her. 
I hit the button to connect the call. “Yes?” I answered. 
She was silent for a moment. “Mr. Penn, you seem stressed. Is there anything I can do to help you with that?”
Willow flashed through my mind again. Her fingers digging into my thigh. Her hair splayed out on the pillow as I ran my hands over her legs. 
“Yes. Be at the apartment in twenty.” 
Her breath went choppy over the line. “Yes, Mr. Penn.”
“And Synra, you don’t want to be late.” I hit the disconnect button and gunned the engine a little faster. 
I was home in moments, the drive home a blur as I set up a scene in my head. Synra’s hard limits list was tiny. I needed more of a challenge. Maybe we could work with that. 
Leaning against the wall of the elevator, I fine tuned the approach I was going to take. I needed to overwhelm her. Take what I wanted. I was in control, damn it. 
The elevator slid to a smooth stop and the doors opened. I strode to my bedroom, stripped down to my boxer briefs. Sliding on a pair of suit pants, I kept my feet and torso bare. I stormed down the hall to the secondary stairs and went down to the dungeon. 
There were no bars on the windows. No dank or exposed cement or cinder block walls. The dungeon was actually quite opulent. A sensory explosion of textures, sights, smells, and sounds. 
My mouth ticked up at the corner. And most definitely tastes. 
I could hear Synra in the connected bathroom. So I took some time and got the scene set up. She knew not to come out here until I knocked on the bathroom door. 
The lights were automatically set to a lower level than most normal living spaces, but I lowered them a touch more. I was feeling a might predatory tonight. I needed to chase. To hunt. To attack. To claim. 
Moving the various pieces of furniture around the room, I created a sort of obstacle course. Synra would have the entire room to choose from. And I would have the entire room to hunt. 
After about twenty minutes, I was satisfied with the layout. Nothing was on the floor that would cause her to trip, but there were enough places to catch her.
I knocked on the door. “Come.” I stepped back. Waited for her. 
She came out, her head angled towards the floor, her gaze at my feet. “Thank you, Mr. Penn.” She was already naked. Her nipples stiff and peaked. Her lips were plump as if she’d been biting at them. 
I put a finger under her chin, lifted her face. “We’re going to play a new game.”
Her blue eyes fired immediately. 
“I’m going to give you thirty seconds to hide in here. If I find you within a minute, you don’t get to come tonight.”
Her lips twitched up for the shortest moment. 
“At all.”
Her eyes widened. She nodded. “And if you don’t find me within a minute?”
“You can come out of your hiding spot and try to get back to the wetroom. Where I’ll give you an orgasm to make you faint. But if I catch you, then no orgasm and we begin again.” I studied her eyes, her body. 
Synra was a completely open book, each page had been written on by me. I pushed a pair of sage green eyes full of secrets out of my mind. Tonight was all about Synra. And me. 
“Do you agree?” I asked her. 
She nodded, her cheeks already flushed. 
I went into the bathroom, set the timer on my watch. Walking through the bathroom, I entered the connected wetroom. It wasn’t a room I used very often, but Synra loved it. Loved the things I did to her while we were in it. I made sure to turn the towel warmer on. I didn’t foresee her winning our little hunting party tonight, but in the event that she did, I needed her to have her comforts. 
A soft beep, beep, beep told me the game was afoot. A fierce smile pulled at my mouth. I opened the bathroom door and stepped back into the dungeon. “Ready or not, here I come.”
I stalked around the room. Her scent was everywhere. I checked under the bed. Behind the curtains. The settee was too low to the ground even for a thin woman like Synra. But I checked anyway. 
All clear. 
I stalked to the closet where the emergency first aid kit and cleaning supplies were kept. Not in there either. 
I spun back around, surveyed my domain. I couldn’t find her at all. Apparently my hunting skills were rusty. 
Willow’s face filled my mind’s eye. I grimaced, pushed it aside. I knew immediately tonight wasn’t going to work the way I wanted it to. Synra was easy prey, even if I couldn’t find her right away. No challenge remained. 
My watch beeped. Thank fuck. I could fuck her and send her on her way.
Synra fell from the ceiling like a cat. Clever girl, using the latticework I'd installed on the ceiling for suspension play. With a quick grin, she bolted for the door to the bathroom. 
I gave a half-hearted chase. 
Chase. 
Willow.
Fuck. 
I leaned forward, grabbed at her arm. Before I could grip it, she pulled away and dashed to the side. 
She gave a crazy scream and darted forward again. 
I made sure to give it a good show, but I let her slide into the wetroom mere seconds before I did. One orgasm coming up. 
“Get on the table,” I said, my voice hard. 
Her body trembled as she followed my orders without argument. 
Willow would have fought the order. Told me to go jump off a cliff or walk into rush hour traffic. 
Synra climbed up on the table, her ass up in the air. The thought of touching her body with mine turned my stomach. Tightened my chest. 
There were ways around it. And she certainly wasn’t going to go home unsatisfied. She got situated on the stainless steel table, her legs already spread for the straps at the corners. Her cunt was dripping. I secured her ankles as if on autopilot.
My mouth turned down. Blindfold. That’s what I needed. I’d set up the scene, she’d played by the rules. She would get an orgasm that would temporarily blow her mind. And then she could be on her way. 
Fuck. I should have just come home and gone to bed. Drank whisky to deal with the frustration. Gotten drunk enough to obliterate tonight from my working memory. 
“Mr. Penn?” Synra asked softly. 
I moved around to the watertight storage against the wall. Pulled out a blindfold. “You’ve earned this.” I turned back around. “Close your eyes.” 
Obediently, her lashes fell.
I snarled silently. No fight. No push back. Nothing but smooth, unbroken obedience. 
Securing the blindfold, I moved back to the storage. Pulled a couple toys from the depths. I was going for speed and efficiency. Hard, fast, and dirty. Just the way I liked it. 
I checked each toy to make sure the batteries still worked and that there was no corrosion on the device itself. Each one passing muster, I set them on the table between Synra’s spread legs. 
“You did a great job hiding, pet. You’ve earned this,” I said. I slid my fingers up in her pussy, a quick, gliding jab of intrusion. 
Her body jerked as a moan slithered from her throat. 
It was the wrong pitch. The wrong woman. It was all wrong. 
I gritted my teeth and pushed forward. Gathering some of her juice on my finger, I slid it up and spread it over her clit. 
Her body rocked on the table. Her hips pushing up the slightest degree to increase the pressure. 
I slapped an open hand to her thigh. She knew the rules. “Stop.”
All motion ceased. 
With my thumb and index finger, I spread her pussy lips and exposed her clit. With my free hand, I grabbed the toy that made women into weeping sex fiends. The Satisfyer Pro had earned its reputation. One I didn’t enjoy fighting so I rarely used this toy. 
But like I said: hard, fast, and dirty. 
I settled the toy against her body and turned it on. Almost immediately her body tensed and went from aroused to orgasm in ten point four seconds. She screamed as her body quaked on the table. 
I kept the toy against her, forced more orgasms on her. Eventually, it was her begging me to stop that put a smile on my face. 
Mini quakes and tremors made her body dance after close to six orgasms in what felt like an hour, but it had probably only been close to a quarter of that. I unstrapped her ankles and pulled her into my arms. Carrying her back to the dungeon, I laid her on the queen size mattress in the corner that my subs used. I wrapped her up in her favorite weighted blanket, made sure to turn the heat up in the room, got her a bottle of water from the fridge, and left. 
Never before had a sexual encounter left me so…bored and unsatisfied. I closed the door behind me and headed back upstairs. I didn’t mind sex being transactional. Hell, I preferred it that way. No messy emotions to get in the way of all of that pleasure. 
But I’d felt more pleasure rubbing Willow’s legs than chasing Synra or attacking her body with orgasms. I was seriously fucking screwed if I couldn’t enjoy sex anymore. 
I liked sex. I was good at it. Fuck, who was I kidding? I was great at it. I was never at a loss for sexual partners. Usually, I had women waiting to beat down my door if I had the odd evening when no one was scheduled. 
Almost five days have passed since I was with Synra last. It was fucking unheard of. No wonder my brain was all muddled and foggy. I had a critical buildup of sperm clouding my thinking. 
My mind went back to Synra. And I’d worn out my potential bed partner for the evening. Fuck. 
I made it back to my apartment, walked into my bedroom. Ditching my clothes, I headed for the bathroom. The shower. I had to wash away this disastrous day. From my body, from my mind. I needed a fucking reset. 
I checked my phone before I got in the shower. I had a missed call and a new voicemail. I stabbed the button for the voicemail, not recognizing the phone number. 
“Hey, friend,” Willow’s soft voice poured out of my speaker. 
My breath caught in my chest. 
“I'm still pissed at you for being so gross. But you also seemed pissed when you left, so I was just calling to see if you made it home okay. I had to get up to pee because I downed a whole glass of water before calling it a night. Thanks for that, by the way.” 
I could almost hear her rolling her eyes and glaring at me through the phone. 
“You’re still minus points, and don’t think you’re going to just waltz through and scoop them up easy peasy. Anyway, just calling as a friend. A good friend would call me back and let me know he got home safely. Happy sleep.” The call ended.
I hit the little phone icon by her name before the voicemail system could run through its options. 
“’Llo?” 
Shit. I looked at the clock. Winced. “It’s me. I just got your message. I made it home safe. I think that puts me back up to at least zero. Go back to sleep.” I held my breath, waited. 
“You okay?” she asked. Her voice was husky, her words slurred together slightly. 
I imagined that’s what she sounded like after an orgas-athon. Get your mind out of the gutter and be a good friend. I nodded. “Yeah. Now I am. Seriously, go back to sleep. We can talk later.”
“’kay. Happy sleep, Ten,” she breathed. 
I smiled. "Good night, cupcake.”
Her breathing evened out over the line. “Cupcake?” I whispered. 
She made some kind of noise. 
Chuckling, I hit the disconnect button and dropped my phone on the vanity. Getting in the shower, I thought about her. Her body. Her legs. Her feisty mind that demanded my full attention. I almost groaned as I got hard thinking about her. 
I thought about jerking off. About pumping and dumping. Something stopped me. Her face floated through my mind again. 
With a sigh, I hurried through the rest of my shower. Drying off, I got another pair of boxer briefs on. I tipped myself into bed and was asleep before my head hit the pillow. 
Chapter 27 – Willow 

“Chase, you’ve got a visitor,” Tali called from the door. 
I looked up at the clock over the oven. Shit. I hadn’t planned on losing that much time to baking. I grabbed the hotpads and pulled the cupcakes from the fiery depths of the oven. “Let him in, Tali. Thanks,” I called. 
I eased the cupcakes from the pan and settled them on a cooling rack. I still needed to get the frosting put together. Hopefully this affidavit nonsense didn’t take too long. 
I turned around and eyed my official visitor. He was one of those guys who was utterly forgettable. Poor thing. “Come on in. Can I get you anything to drink? Dom should be here soon.”
The DA’s assistant tugged at his tie. “No, ma’am, but thank you. It sure smells good in here.”
I smiled. “Thank you, and please call me Willow. I’m not old enough to be a ma’am yet.”
He smiled politely as he set his briefcase down on the high top counter section of the kitchen island. “What are you making?” He gave a dramatic sniff of the room. 
“Cinnamon cupcakes with vanilla buttercream frosting. They’re for a friend.” I waved at the collection of bowls and utensils scattered around my kitchen. 
Tali snorted from her spot on the couch. “Friend.” 
I glared at the back of her head. Clearing my expression, I looked back at the junior man in the District Attorney’s office. “And you are?”
His cheeks went pink. “Sorry. I’m Chad Wentworth.” He held out a hand. 
I reached over the island and shook it. “Nice to meet you. Have you been a lawyer long?”
My front door opening stalled his answer. 
Dom strode forward, his gaze hard, his body straight and stiff. “Let’s get this over with.” He didn’t bother looking at me. In fact, I think he made it a point to not look at me. “Wentworth, set it up.”
My heart broke a little at the coldness. I felt like something between us had been damaged. I had no idea what or how to fix it, either. 
Tali moved on the couch, drawing my attention. 
“You better pull that stick out of your ass when you talk to her, big brother, or I’ll sic Massi on you. You know what to do if you want the situation to change. Don’t you dare take your frustration out on her.” She glared at him, her dark eyes gleaming in the early morning sun streaming through the windows. 
He acted like he hadn’t heard her. “Wentworth?”
The younger man nodded. His hands trembled slightly as he set up a small device and laid it on the counter between us. “Ms. Chase, if you’ll give me your version of events, someone on our team will get this typed up. You can sign it by the end of day.” His pale blue eyes showed his fear. 
I nodded. Smiled. “That sounds great, Chad. Thank you.” I wanted to reach over and pat his hand or ruffle his hair. It wasn’t his fault Dom was in a shitty mood. 
I made it through the affidavit without issue. Dom made some clarifying statements when Chad asked me some oddly worded questions. By the time it was all over, I felt like I needed a stiff drink and a long nap. 
Dom showed Chad out the door. “I’m leaving, too. Bye.”
“Dom, wait!” I tried to rush after him. I could walk without assistance thanks to Ryker and his magic hands, but I couldn’t manage too much speed yet. 
“Not now, Willow. I can’t talk to you yet.” With that, he closed the door in my face. 
I turned back to Tali. “What is his problem?” I felt the tears pushing at the back of my throat. 
She gave me a sad smile. “Nico considers you to be his. I think last night, finding you and Ryker in your bed,” she held up her hand before I could speak, “even though you weren’t having sex, it shook him. Made him reevaluate his world and your place in it.”
I walked to the couch, slid down onto the seat next to her. “I can’t give him what he needs, Tali. But I also can’t lose him.”
She sighed, pulled me into her arms. “I know that. You know that. And I think Nico is coming to realize that. You’ve got to give him some time to readjust.” She rested her chin on the top of my head. “He’ll be back to normal. You two will go back to weird sexual talk that makes everyone else uncomfortable. And all will be right with the world.”
I chuckled. “Oh please. The Amatucci children wouldn’t know uncomfortable if it bit them on the ass.”
She drilled her fingers into my rib cage. “That’s rude. I think I’m going to steal one of Penn’s cupcakes for that remark.” She jumped onto the seat of the couch, launched herself over the back. 
“No! I need all of them for the message I’m going to spell out.” I tried to get my butt out of the cushions I’d been wedged between. 
“Too bad. Now you’re going to have to make some more.” She picked up a cooling pastry and licked the top of it. “I licked it, it’s mine.”
I laughed. “You bitch.”
She raised one dark brow high. Bit into the cupcake, paper wrapping and all. “Now, I’m going to go give these to the boys.” She scooped up as many as she could carry and darted towards the door. 
“Talia Maria Amatucci, you walk out of my apartment with those cupcakes, and I’ll…” Damn it, why was I so bad with threats? “I’ll…” I finally heaved myself up and out of the sofa. A glint of metal on the coffee table gave me an idea. I snatched it up in my hand. “I’ll use your fountain pen for doodling.” I stabbed my finger in the air at her. 
She stopped as if she’d smacked into the door. “You wouldn’t dare.”
“Oh, I would.” I pulled the cap off the end, reached down slowly, and got her empty legal pad. “I’m going to write my name all over this. In swirls and hearts and curlicues and angles and flowers and –” 
She shoved the hostage cupcakes into my arms, grabbed her pen. “Give me that, you terrorist.”
I smiled serenely as she looked back up at me. “Don’t steal my cupcakes.”
She narrowed her eyes. “Touch my pen again and die a slow gruesome death.”
I shook my head. “You might want to get a psychological evaluation concerning your obsession with pens and office supplies.”
She smirked. “You might want to shut up.” 
We stared at each other in silence for a long moment. Then we burst into laughter at the same time. 
“Glad to see you’re both feeling good,” Rafe said as he walked in. “I’ve come to check on your legs, Will.”
I straightened and walked around the coffee table. Still slow, but, man, did it feel good not to have to use someone’s arm to help me stay upright.
“Well, fuck. I was kinda hoping he was wrong,” Rafe said. 
I rolled my eyes. “Why do you guys hate Ryker? He saved my life.” I just didn’t get it. Were they seeing something I wasn’t? Did the man wear more than one mask? I knew he wanted in my pants, but I didn’t really see that as threatening. He hadn’t touched me when I was unconscious. I doubted he was going to force me. 
Rafe heaved a sigh. “I don’t really hate him, to be honest. I just don’t like his attitude.”
I burst into more laughter. “He reminds me of you and your brothers. Seriously, he could be an Amatucci if he weren’t so white.”
Rafe glowered at me. “No. Yes, he’s white, but he doesn’t have what it takes to be an Amatucci. Too soft.”
I raised a brow. “And it’s bad that he doesn’t travel the same roads you do why?”
Rafe clutched at his heart dramatically. “Willow, baby, that stings.”
I rolled my eyes. “Yes, I can see that you’re mortally wounded. You’d probably think the Punisher was soft.”
Rafe tipped his head to the side as he considered it. Shook his head. “No. He does what needs doing. He’d be a good Amatucci.”
I chuckled. “Figures you’d be on the Anti-Hero’s side. Until he proves me wrong, Ryker is my friend. You guys need to be nicer to him.”
Rafe’s eyes widened. “You can’t be his friend, Will. He wants in your pants. As soon as he gets in them, he’s going to be out of your life faster than you can yell at Dom.”
I shrugged. “He’s already told me he wants in my pants. But I’ve already told him that he’s not invited. He can be my friend, or he can not be in my life. Those are his options.”
Rafe and Tali looked at each other for a long moment. 
Tali looked back at me, back to Rafe. “I’ve got a hundo on our girl.” She stuck her hand out. 
I smirked, crossed my arms. Looked at Rafe with one eyebrow raised. 
He snorted, looked at his sister. “I’ll take that action.” They slapped their palms together and shook on it. He looked over at me, his expression darkened. “But if he hurts you, you don’t get a say in how we deal with him.”
I opened my mouth to argue. Decided there was no point. I wasn’t sleeping with Ryker. The end. I nodded. “Deal.”
Rafe came over, his hand stuck out for me to shake. 
I put my hand in his, shook it. After we dropped our hands, I stepped over to the kitchen island, set down my rescued cupcakes. “Well, now that that’s done, I need to get to frosting these cupcakes. Once I get them done, I’m going to go down to the shop, get started on Natalie’s birthday cake.”
Rafe sat down next to his sister on the couch and they put their heads together, chatting about something involving the Foundation.
I tuned them out as I got the buttercream frosting base ready. I was going for easy and simple. Not some big extravagant gesture or anything else. Just one friend saying thank you to another friend. 
Calling him in the middle of the night had been a bad move. But, last night, when I’d gotten up to pee, the need to talk to him, hear his voice, kept bothering me. I’d tossed and turned for an hour before I picked up the stupid phone and called him. One friend to another, of course. 
I shook off the thoughts as I got the cupcakes finished and stepped back to look at them altogether. I put the finishing touches on them: plastic kids’ rings with Thor on them. Each tiny cake had a letter on it’s top. THANK U RYKER was spelled out across the tops. 
I got one of the custom baker’s boxes from my home supply and settled them in the individual slots. I grimaced at the blank twelfth hole. Damn Tali. I didn’t have a backup plan for the missing cupcake, so I scribbled a short note and stuffed it in the empty space. I closed up the box, sealed it, and gathered the dirty dishes. 
Once I got everything cleared away and was ready to go, I turned to the two Amatuccis on the couch. “I’m out of here. I’ll be at the shop if you need me.”
My purse on my shoulder, my hands full of cupcake box, I eased my way out of the loft and down to my car. I was itching to drive. Any kind of freedom I could grasp, I was taking it. 
Now it was time to deliver my gift and get those Harry Potter cakes put together. 

**

“Hi. I have a delivery for Mr. Penn,” I told the lady at the reception desk. I held up the light blue baker’s box for proof. 
She barely glanced up from her computer before lifting a finger in the universal gesture of ‘wait’ before she got back to her call. 
I probably should have just texted Ryker to come get the damn things. I set the box on the countertop, tried to keep my legs from stiffening up. I might have overestimated my abilities today, but I wasn’t going to call anyone unless I just couldn’t walk anymore. 
I hated being at anyone else’s mercy. I shuddered. Hate would be mild for how I felt about being helpless and dependent. 
“Ma’am?” the receptionist called. 
I blinked. “Sorry. You were saying?”
She gave me a polite, professional smile. “You’re not on the schedule. You’ll need to come back when you have an appointment. Mr. Penn is a very busy man.”
I grimaced. I hadn’t thought this through…obviously. I looked at my watch. Shit. “Look, if you could just call him and tell him that I’m here, I’m sure he’ll come get the package.”
She shook her head. “I’m sorry, no. That won’t be happening.”
I rolled my eyes. I’d forgotten how Important People surrounded themselves with layers of peons. I reached into my bag, grabbed my phone. Hit the name I wanted. 
“Willow?” he answered and I hadn’t even heard the phone ring once. 
I turned away from the receptionist. “Hey. Sorry. I didn’t mean to interrupt you. I brought you something. Your lady at the front desk won’t let me in because I don’t have an appointment. I need you to either come down here or let me up. I’m running later than I thought.” I rushed to get the words out. 
My belly tried to revolt now that I was talking to him again. I felt the low-grade panic set in. I shouldn’t be here. I should have left well enough alone and gone to the shop. I was an idiot. A stupid idiot. 
“Hold on.” The line closed for a moment. 
The receptionist’s phone rang. Her eyes widened after she listened for a moment. “Yes, Mr. Penn. Of course, Mr. Penn. Right away, Mr. Penn.”
I rolled my eyes. Oh sweet goddess. He had them all either cowed or groveling.
She hung up and glared at me. “You’ve been cleared, Ms. Chase. Next time, just give me your name.” She looked away before I could say anything. 
I grabbed up my baker’s box and headed towards the elevators. 
“Willow? You still there?” Ryker said in my ear. 
“Yeah. And thanks for making me look like an asshole. I’ll be there in a minute.” I ended the call and hit the button for the thirty-eighth floor—the top floor for public access. There was no canned music playing in the moving car. Nothing to distract me. 
Just this one time, I wished for music to be playing. The crappier the better. My thoughts were spinning all over the place. I almost hit the stop button to let me out on a different floor so I could escape without actually seeing him.
I wasn’t sure what my problem was, but I’d woken up this morning with a burning need to see him. To make sure he was alright after last night. He’d been an asshole, but by his own admission, he didn’t know how to be a friend. 
That saddened me. Ryker was larger than life in many ways—which could just be my hero-worship shining through. But parts of him seemed so…lonely. And broken. I could relate to both of those. 
The elevator slid to a smooth stop and the doors ghosted open with nothing more than a soft sigh. 
Well, guess my time to ditch had passed me by. I straightened my shoulders and stepped out into the lobby of his executive offices. The inner sanctum was guarded by another huge reception desk. 
I chuckled mentally. The man had more layers than a freaking onion, and those were just in his business life. I wondered what his personal life looked like. 
Almost slapping myself in the face, I told myself not to go down that path. Friends. I don’t ever want to have sex, he only wanted sex. We’re friends. That’s it. I don’t care how protected his personal life was. I wasn’t trying to be all up in it. Just get to know him a little better. 
“You can go right in, Ms. Chase,” an older man said from behind the massive desk. “He’s waiting for you.”
Those words made my belly tighten. Damn it. No. Drop off the cupcakes and get the hell out of here. 
I smiled and nodded at the receptionist and turned in the direction he’d pointed. The marble floors squeaked under each step of my Dansko shoes. I winced with each soft squeeaaaak. Shoot me now. 
The hall was never-ending. I bit my lip and forged on. I’d come way too far to chicken out now. Not to mention he could probably hear me coming. 
I winced as a XXX scene flashed through my mind at those words. I shook my head. What the fuck is going on with me? Sex was nowhere on my radar, and I liked it that way. Why sex and Ryker kept invading my brain was beyond my current comprehension.
Movement up ahead pulled my attention. Oh thank fuck, he was standing in the doorway. I gave him a smile, although I wasn’t quite sure what it looked like. I felt like my face was all squished up like I was trying not to fart. 
I must have passed muster, because he was smiling at me. His hands were in his trouser pockets and he was rocked back on his heels. His pale blue shirt and dark gray pants hugged his big body like second skin. 
The urge to taste him made my fingers itch. Apparently, I needed a good ride with my vibrator if I was getting this horny for the man. 
The closer I got, the easier it was to see a glint I couldn’t quite identify in his eyes. He seemed in remarkedly good spirits for someone who’d been kicked out of my house last night. “Willow. I wasn’t expecting to see you. Let alone up and around by yourself. How are you feeling today?”
“I’m feeling really good actually. I can walk.” I wiggled my eyebrows. “All by myself, too.”
He chuckled. “Such a big girl.”
I laughed. “Something like that. I still feel like I’m toddling all over kingdom come, but at least it’s under my own steam.” I thrust the box at him. “Here. These are for you.” 
He grabbed the box, one eyebrow raised. “And these are…”
“Open the box and find out.” I crossed my arms to keep from snatching the box back. This was a horrible idea. He was either going to read too much into it or he was going to laugh in my face. I wasn’t sure which option scared me more. 
He lifted the lid that carried my bakery’s logo. Peeked inside. His smile was huge when he looked back up at me. “You came to see me. And you brought me Thor cupcakes.” His grass-green eyes twinkled. 
I felt heat rush to my cheeks. “Yeah. To say thank you. Officially.” I bumped a single shoulder up into the air. 
His smile stretched a little wider. “You’re welcome. Remind me to save you again if it means I’ll get free pastries.”
Some part of me unclenched at his words. He was going to go easy breezy. Thank the goddess. I could handle easy breezy. 
“I made cinnamon cupcakes with vanilla buttercream frosting. I hope you’re not allergic to either of those.” Shit. I should have asked before I brought them over. 
He shook his head as he tipped his head to the side. “No. But how did you know that cinnamon was my favorite?”
I exhaled a relieved breath, shook my head. “Happy coincidence? When I thought of you, cinnamon came to mind.”
“That’s good. I like that; I’ve been thinking of you, too. You admit that you’ve been thinking about me.” he asked, his voice low and velvety.
I swallowed hard as my belly went all fluttery. I shook my head. “Yup.” My eyes went huge as his great howl of laughter slid over me. What the fuck was wrong with me? Now I couldn’t even get my brain to say the words I wanted it to. “I’ve got to go now. Bye. Enjoy the cupcakes.” I spun on my heel—well, it was closer to a three-point turn—and headed back down the Hallway O’ Doom. 
Squeak. Fuck. Squeak. Fuck
Squeak. Fuck. Squeak. Fuck.
“Willow,” he called, laughter still tingeing his voice. 
I kept moving. Squeak. Squeak. Squeak. At this point, I was even out of fucks to give. I shoved my hand in the air, gave him a wave without turning around. “Bye now. I can’t hear you.”
I prayed and begged and pleaded that the goddess would grant me more speed. Or remove Ryker’s. When I heard his staccato click, click, click on the floor, I knew my goddess had abandoned me. 
I stabbed the elevator button, prayed again that it would open before he got there. The arrow over the door lit green. I held my breath. Almost. Almost. Almost. 
His hand landed on my shoulder right as the doors slid open silently. They mocked me with their gaping maw of missed escape. 
I sighed. You can do this, my inner badass screamed in my mind. He’s just a friend. Be a friend. “What do you want, Ryker?”
He pushed me into the elevator, stabbed the CLOSE button. His hands were free of the baker’s box as he hit the button for the lobby. “Hey, what’s wrong?” He put his fingers under my chin, lifted it. His green gaze searched mine. His brows were scrunched together over his nose, his mouth tipped down at the corner. “I was just kidding with you.”
I knew that. I’d been banking on it. I didn’t really know what my problem was right now. I felt like a moody tornado had inhabited my body and she was flinging me all around. “I know. Sorry. I think I’m in the wrong headspace today.” Without thinking, I raised a hand and patted his chest.
My lungs seized as I felt his hard pecs against my palm. The man radiated heat like a volcano about to erupt. Before my brain sent the signal, I flexed my fingers into his body. Everything about him screamed health and vitality. I wanted to feel that, inhale it. Wrap it around me. Drown in it.
He hissed out a breath. 
The elevator car that had just moments ago felt roomy and spacious, now felt like a broom closet.
With his free hand, he captured my fingers against his body. “Shit.”
I agreed, one hundred percent. Hell, one thousand percent. I couldn’t look away from his mouth. His lips were kissably plump. Enough so that he probably made scores of women jealous. 
“I was going to give you time after that phone call to adjust to having me in your life on a more permanent basis. Then you showed up on my fucking doorstep with cupcakes.” He growled low in his throat. “I’m going to kiss you now,” he whispered. 
Inside, I shook my head. My inner deviant head-butted the sane side of my psyche. I felt my tongue glide over my lips in a soft swipe as I lifted my face the slightest degree. 
His lips settled against mine with the softest pressure. A low moan came from his mouth. He pulled back. Capturing my face between his hands, he moved my head to a different angle. Slid his lips over mine. 
It was nice. Soft. Probably everything a normal woman would like. But the soft glancing touches just made me want to scream and cry. Beat at him with my fists. I held still and waited for him to be done. He’d figure out that I was broken. That sex with me wouldn’t be anything he was interested in. 
I admitted to myself right then that I’d hoped he’d be different. That I’d be different with him. He’d seemed so…open to the rougher side of things. The things I needed. But if this kiss was any indication, he only paid lip service to the kind of pain I needed.
The car slid to a stop, shattered the heartbreaking moment. He pulled back, his eyes heavy as he looked down at me. For a moment, I saw something in his eyes that made me think I could learn to like the soft. The gentle. 
But this time, my sane side and my inner deviant joined forces. He’s not for you, they said in unison. You need more than that. And he deserves someone who can give it to him. Not you. Never you.
“Willow?”
I tried to give him a smile. A light hearted laugh. Not to let him see the burn of humiliated tears that threatened. “You’re one hell of a kisser, Ryker. You should come with a warning label.” I ducked under his arm and hurried away as fast as I could. 
He didn’t call after me this time. 
The tears slipped past my control as I pushed through the front doors and out into the sunshine. 
I’d never felt more alone in my entire life.  
Chapter 28 – Ryker 

You’re one hell of a kisser, Ryker. You should come with a warning label. Her words banged around my mind like they were the steel sphere in a vintage pinball machine. 
Her lips had been everything I thought they would be. Decadent, plush, velvety. What hadn’t been in the top ten descriptors I’d come up with for her mouth: Uninterested. But that’s exactly what I’d felt from her. 
As if she’d been locked away behind a frozen sheet of glass, I hadn’t been able to reach her. Get her to respond. Get her involved. Nothing like the moaning woman from last night who’d all but writhed in my arms. Or called me last night to check on me. 
The doors slid closed, cutting her off from my view. What the fuck had just happened? I replayed the whole scene again. She’d been right there with me. Edgy as fuck, her breathing uneven, her body sending all the right signals. I hadn’t been imagining them or misreading them. 
I banged my forehead softly against the stainless steel elevator doors. I’d forced myself not to maul her. Not to crowd her back against the wall and take what I wanted. She’d said on multiple occasions she didn’t want to sleep with me. I wasn’t going to coerce her into it by getting her too revved up to say anything but yes. 
My women came to me fully aware and wanting. No blurred lines. No confusion on what was happening. 
I’d sipped from her mouth even though I’d wanted to drown myself in her flavor. Cradled her chin when all I wanted was to wrench it back so I could attack her neck with my teeth. But I’d held back. Invited her to join me. 
I’d gotten nothing. Less than nothing, in return. I’d held her against my body and felt her disappear. 
The doors opened again, jolting me out of my thoughts. I gave the two business men a tight smile as I moved back and leaned against the far corner of the elevator. You should come with a warning label. I gritted my teeth. She’d spoken of her cupcakes with more passion than when she uttered those words. 
I finally made it back to my floor. I stormed out, grabbed up the baker’s box from the reception desk where I’d left it on my way to her. I flung the lid open, dug one of the little cakes out. I hooked the Thor ring over the tip of my pinky finger as I licked up a stray flange of frosting. 
It melted in my mouth. A low groan rumbled through my chest. I was going to decorate her body with this stuff and lick it off her for hours. I toed the door shut so I could fantasize in peace as I settled behind my desk. I was already running late to the virtual meeting with some of my overseas suppliers. They could wait a little longer. 
I slid the baker’s box onto the desktop and peeled the paper cup away from the desert. The scents of cinnamon and sugar drifted into the air. I angled the cupcake to the side, bit into the moist spongy cake. 
Flavors exploded on my tongue. I hadn’t even known that cinnamon cupcakes were a thing, but I was going to start buying them by the fucking truckload. The sweetest hint of vanilla merged with the spice as I took another bite. 
Leaning back in my chair, I cracked my knee against the edge of the drawer. “Fuck!” I rubbed the sore spot. A thought slid through my mind. As it landed, I felt sick to my stomach. The delicious treat soured immediately.
Pain. My Willow needed pain to keep her grounded in this reality. Softness held no sway in her mind. And I treated her like she was a porcelain doll. Fucking fuckers fuck! No wonder she ran away. 
I set the cupcake aside and grabbed up my cell phone. I unlocked it with a quick flick of my fingers. I pulled up the right screen. But just as I was about to hit the button to connect the call, my thumb hesitated over the little phone icon next to her name. 
Was this something I wanted to explain over the phone? Could I even begin to explain it? I still wasn’t sure why I’d treated her like I had. If I wasn’t sure, how was I supposed to make her understand? 
At that moment, all I knew was that I’d screwed it up. And in so doing, I might have lost her. Something had brought her to me today. Made her seek me out. I repaid that instinct with a kiss that left both of us wanting. 
I wasn’t going to allow it to be the last time that happened. She sealed her fate when she brought me Thor cinnamon cupcakes. I finished the best desert I’d ever eaten and called Anthony to cancel the rest of my meetings. I had some bigger things to plan.
Chapter 29 – Willow 

It was a good thing I had an industrial sized mixer. I would have beaten the cake batter into unusable lumps if I’d had to do it all by hand. Instead, I sat back and glared at the mechanical arm that sliced through the batter like it was a hot knife through butter. 
Shame and embarrassment slid through me again. My stomach soured as I thought of the idiot I’d made of myself. Now, I was going to have to act like we could still be friends. That I hadn’t insulted him with my disappearing act.
I shuddered as the humiliation surged through me again. The black hole that lived inside me grew and pulsed as my inner asshole rose to vibrant life. No one will love you. How can they? You’re a murderer. You helped a serial killer destroy countless lives. You killed daughters, sisters, mothers, aunts, cousins. You’re worthless. 
He should’ve just killed you. Then all those other women and girls would still be alive. They’re better than you. Even as society’s trash, they were better than you. 
I beat my fists against my temples, tried to block the voice. It was harder when I believed it. Agreed with it. There was no plausible reason that I should still be here when none of those other women were. 
I wasn’t special. I was a freak. A woman who could barely survive her life without pain. Even the Amatuccis, who were the fucking mafia, didn’t understand my need for it. They dealt in pain, torment, anguish, and they saw me as the monster. 
I could feel that yawning abyss widen inside me. Beckon me with its outstretched arms of acceptance. I knew what it felt like to sink in its depths. I could almost taste the agonizing splendor of its touch.
In its embrace, I could just feel. Allow everything else to slip away until only the pain remained. The pain was all that mattered. The searing heat. The twisted flesh. The screaming nerve endings.
With a simple flick of a switch, I could sink into it. Drown myself in sensation and let my mind drift away for time unending.
The darkness I carried inside me added a different voice. Do it. Just flip it. No one would have to know. They don’t understand you anyway. Why do you even listen to them? Do it. Let the pain in. Let me swim in it. I need it. You need it. It can be so good. So very, very good. Do it. 
The darkness seduced me. Cradled me against its chest. Caressed my hair as it spoke of agony and torture. 
I yearned. Ached. Hungered for it.
As if from a great distance, I saw myself reach for the hand mixer. Its weight wasn’t great, but that didn’t matter. I knew the motor was powerful. 
I lifted it, held it to my chest like a lover. In my mind, I could already feel it grabbing my skin. Feel the beaters as they twisted and wrenched on my fingers. 
The sharp sultry snap of bone. The excruciating heat of mangled flesh. The flip flop of my belly urged me on. Had my finger flirting with the control toggle. 
As if the pain had begun, I could hear that white noise. Like a hive of bees had taken up residence in my ears, the edges of my mind blurred. Softened. 
Stop thinking about it and just do it, you pussy. Kill yourself so no one else has to be bothered by you. You’re nothing but a drain on your friends. Your family has already abandoned you. Ryker doesn’t understand you and never will. My inner asshole wasn’t saying anything I hadn’t thought before. Hadn’t felt before. 
Think of the pain, Willow. It will be the last thing you feel. You’ll get to take that feeling with you into eternity. No one to look down on you. No one to judge you. Just you and the pain, the darkness said. 
Tears fell from my eyes. I was so tired of trying to be the good girl. The girl who didn’t need pain to feel real. No one understood. Not really. They acted like they did, but they didn’t. They just wanted me to be normal. Whatever that meant.
Dom’s face shone in my mind. I’d hurt him. Damaged our relationship. Made him hate me. I pushed his image away. I deserved his coldness.
And Ryker mocked me with his gentleness. Tormented me with his soft caresses that showed me for the fraud I was. He’d promised me hell and only showed me heaven. 
My thumb tripped the control toggle. 
Chapter 30 – Ryker 

My phone rang just as I was getting ready to pick it up and make a call. I smiled when I saw Willow’s name scroll across the screen. She’d reached out to me again. I intended for it to be at least a daily occurrence. 
I hit the connect button. “Hey, cupcake. I was just getting ready to call you.”
A low, mechanical whine rose over the line. I could hear her breathing, slow. Measured. 
The hairs rose on my arms as I waited for her to speak. “Willow?” I called. What the fuck was going on? A feeling of dread sank into my neck.
Nothing but that droning whine filled my ear. 
I pulled the phone from my ear, checked to see if we were still connected. We were. I put the phone back up to my head. “Willow Chase,” I barked, putting steel in my voice. 
Nothing. Nothing but a motor spinning in the background. 
Something was very wrong. I plugged my free ear, prayed I would hear something from her. 
“Why did you kiss me like that?” she asked finally. Her voice was monotone. Dolls had more animation. 
Fuck. A fear like I’d only experienced once before tightened my belly. “Because I wasn’t thinking. I can give you what you need, Willow.” 
Where the fuck is she? I needed to find her. Get to her before she did something unchangeable. 
I put her on speaker phone and turned back to my computer. Pulling up our newest tracking software, I input her phone number and waited. 
She gave a ragged sigh. “No. No one can.” It was a soft expression of acceptance.
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Change her fucking mind, you asshole. You can’t lose her. Not like this, my inner voice bellowed. 
I cleared my throat. “Yes, I can. I can give you pain, cupcake. Beautiful pain.” Hurry the fuck on! I wanted to scream and yell at the computer. All I could do was stare at the screen and pray I could keep her talking. Keep her with me just a little longer.
In that moment, I knew I was going to lose her. And lose more than just her being in my bed if I didn’t manage to find her. Somehow I knew it. She was going to do something to herself.
Chasing the pain I could give her would take her from me. 
No. You’re not losing her. She cares, even if she can’t see that yet. You’re going to show her how good it can be. How good you can be. 
I didn’t even bother arguing with myself. I’d been working my way to this moment since I’d gotten her voice mail last night. No one, minus Grams, had cared enough about me to make sure I’d gotten home okay. I wasn’t going to lose the only person who had. Not in this fucking lifetime.
She sobbed softly. It was so heavy with grief, it grabbed my throat and shook me to my core. “You kissed me so gently. That’s what you need, Ryker. You need a nice girl. One who enjoys gentle. Who needs soft.” Her voice cracked. “That’s not me. I’m broken. He broke me. A long time ago.”
My soul snarled in anger. I was going to find that fucker and rip him into pieces with my bare hands. He’d damaged her. Broken her spirit. My wildly vibrant Willow. 
“I can put the pieces back together, Willow. Just like you put together my cupcakes, I can make you into something new. Something better from all the different parts.”
My computer dinged with her location. Fucking finally. I noted the address and shot from my seat. Grabbing my keys and my wallet, I shot towards the private elevator. 
I was in my car and rocketing towards her before her next words slid down the line. 
“I hope you liked them. I won’t be making them anymore. I won’t be making anything anymore.”
“Why did you choose vanilla buttercream frosting?” I grasped at conversational straws to keep her on the line. Anything to keep her talking to me. To keep her here until I could get to her.
She sighed. She sounded so tired. Soul-deep weary. “Because it’s my favorite.”
My heart ripped open. “So you put both of our favorites in one cupcake?” 
Her low dry chuckle sounded as brittle as bleached, dry bones. “I guess so. I didn’t know cinnamon was your favorite when I made them though.”
“I had one. It was the best thing I’ve ever tasted.” That was nothing but the truth. 
“I’m glad you liked it. Will you do me a favor?”
My heart pinched and my belly tightened. No. No. No. No last goodbyes. No favors for when you’re gone. “That depends.”
“On what?” She sounded more alive on that one. More pissy. 
Come back to me, Willow. Come back to me. Tell me where to shove it. Tell me what an asshole I am. Something. Anything. “On what the favor is. Is this a friend kind of favor?” I bit my lip, prayed I said the right thing. 
Another sigh. I could almost see her rolling her sage green eyes at me. I wanted to pump my fist into the air, but I was too busy darting in and out of traffic. I wasn’t willing to chance an accident when Willow was this close to the edge. 
“Fine. Yes. This is a friend kind of favor.” She snapped the words. 
That’s right, cupcake. I’m a demanding asshole who only cares about himself. Tell me how awful I am. “How many points are we talking here?” 
The line was quiet. The low hum of machinery stopped. 
I held my breath, prayed she hadn’t done something. Answer me, baby. Answer me. 
“At least fifty points.”
I exhaled as I pictured her face. Her brows were probably scrunched together. Her lips pursed. Her nostrils flared. 
I whistled dramatically. “That must be quite the favor. Do I have to kill one of the Amatucci brothers to get them?”
She snorted. 
My belly loosened infinitesimally. 
“No. Besides, I’m pretty sure they could take you out with barely any effort. You’re kinda cushy, Ry.”
It was my turn to snort. Bring it on, cupcake. Fight me. Lay into me. “Excuse me? Insulting me isn’t going to get me to help you. No matter the number points involved. And those boys have got nothing I haven’t seen or beaten. I could take them out blindfolded with one arm tied behind my back.” I rounded the last corner and screeched up to the small building in New Trenadie’s Old Town square. Willow Tree Bakery was written in a white soft, flowy script against a blue background.
She gave the slightest chuckle. “Come on. You can’t seriously believe you can take on the mob, can you?” 
I shot from the car, ran up the steps. “You keep thinking I’m soft and squishy, cupcake. See where that gets you.”
The line went quiet. Too quiet. Fuck!
“I know you’re soft and squishy. That’s part of the problem.” Her voice was quiet but I could practically feel the need in it. 
“Let me show you that none of me is soft or squishy.” I tried the door at the front of the store. It pushed open with the slightest pressure. 
The doorbell sounded over my head and through the phone. 
“I’ve got to go.” She hung up on me without saying another word. 
I slid the phone into my pocket and waited for her to appear. Adrenaline poured through me like I’d just gotten a shot of the stuff straight into the vein. I’d gotten to her. She was still here. I was going to turn her over my knee for scaring the fuck out of me. 
If she needed pain, I was going to be the one to give it to her. I had ways of making her hurt so good, suicide would never be an option for her again. Not on my fucking watch.
I’d do anything to keep from hearing that broken doll voice of hers ever again. I’d do whatever it took to keep Willow here among the living. Even if she ended up hating me for it. Even if it lost me her. 
I shuddered. I’d heard that kind of hollowness once before. From my father, literal moments before he’d committed suicide. 
Some things were important enough to risk. Some of them were more important than others. Some of them were more important than my happiness. 
Willow Chase was one of them. 
Chapter 31 – Willow 

Cursing myself for not locking the front door, I set the hand mixer down on the worktop and moved to the doors that separated the kitchen from the booking and show space. I stuffed my phone in my bra. I needed to get rid of whoever was out here. 
Then I needed to find out how to disappear. I had no idea why I’d called Ryker. He couldn’t help me. Other than pissing me off. 
A sardonic smile pulled at the corner of my mouth as I got to the double swing doors. He’d helped me. Pulled me back with his ego and arrogance. I was going to have to bake the stupid man some more fucking cupcakes. They could be my going-away present to him.
I skidded to a halt as the one and only stupid man stood just inside my shop’s door. He looked big and menacing. Heat and emotion vibrated off him in waves and surges that reminded me of the ocean during a tsunami. 
“Wh-wh-what are you doing here?” I asked, my hand moved to the collar of my shirt. Covered the base of my neck. Shit. Had he guessed what I had planned? 
“What are you doing here?” he asked. One dark blonde eyebrow rose in question. 
I swallowed. Hoped he couldn’t understand the depths of the hole I’d gotten stuck in. I told him my original plan. “I’m getting ready for the gigs this weekend.” 
He took a slow step forward. “Is that all you were doing?” His low voice pulsated with authority and demanded answers. Truthful answers. 
I opened my mouth. 
“If you lie to me, I’ll tell the Amatuccis.”
I snapped my mouth closed. I crossed my arms. “Tell them what?” Maybe I could bluster my way through this. 
“What you were thinking of doing.”
A cold chill swept through me. “And what do you think that was?”
“Hurting yourself. Going too far with it.” He took another step towards me. 
I jerked as if he’d slapped me. He’d known. Somehow he’d known what I was thinking. Planning. Craving. Guilt and shame ate at my insides.
“I told you on the phone, cupcake. I can give you what you need.”
I shook my head. Denied his words. He’d had his chance. He had nothing I needed. Or wanted. And the same was true in reverse. 
With a sound that was more animal than man, he lunged forward and gripped my arms. His fingers dug into my flesh. His green eyes watched me so closely, I felt like he could see into my soul. 
Only this time…this time, he didn’t turn away from what he saw there. “Yes. I can. But there are rules. Lots of rules.”
I jolted. Tried to pull from his grasp. When he held steady, I stilled and glared up at him. “You don’t get to tell me what to do. Ever.”
He smiled. It was full of menacing promises. “Oh, but I will. And what’s more, you’ll like it. Because of what I can give you when you obey me.” He tightened his fingers slightly. 
I inhaled on a wave of ecstasy and pain. Shit. 
He released the grip without letting me go. 
Almost begging him to tighten his grip again, I bit my lip hard enough to draw blood to keep the words inside. 
“We’ve got lots to talk about, you and I. Conversations that will be had when you’re in a better frame of mind.” He set me away from him slightly. He took a deep breath. Shook his head. “Now. What are you making in here?” He smiled slightly.
I debated trying to throw him out. The man was taller than me by at least six inches and probably outweighed me by seventy five pounds. He was a bear of a man. A giant, bossy bear. 
I’d probably have to call the Amatuccis to get it done and since I couldn’t have them finding out about this latest issue, I was stuck with him. Him and his too-seeing gaze. His nosiness to delve into my life. 
Figuring it was the lesser of two evils, I heaved a sigh. Waved him back to the kitchen. A thought slid through my mind. The door. I stopped, turned, and went back to lock the damn thing. 
He grabbed my arm, his grip firm without biting into my flesh. “You’re not bailing on me. Not again.” He glared down at me. His nostrils flared as the green of his eyes took on an eerie cast. 
I held still under his touch. My gaze placid as I gazed back at him. “I’m locking the front door. The only reason you’re in here is because I forgot when I came in the first time.” I waited for him to let me go. 
He stared at me, weighed my words. Finally, he nodded. “Then I’m glad you were forgetful. I was willing to break through the door to get to you in time.”
In a crazy way, that was sweet. I’d never been the person people rushed to help or protect. Mostly I liked it that way. 
I shot him a smile as the wall around my heart developed a crack. “At least I know you’re good for it.” And this man said he didn’t know how to be a good friend. He was either lying to himself or very stupid.
He let go of my arm as he smiled. “I’m good for a lot more than that, cupcake.”
I turned away so he couldn’t see my stiff nipples pressing against the thin fabric of my shirt. I think I was legitimately going crazy. Maybe I should think about some medication. Or going to therapy. From being suicidal to aroused in less than thirty minutes? I made a mental note to start looking for some good therapists around here. 
I turned the lock and moved back towards the kitchen doors. I stopped right beside him. Looked up into his emerald eyes. “If you come in here, I’m in charge. You touch nothing without my permission. You don’t taste or sample. You don’t breathe too hard in my cakes’ directions. Nothing. You get to sit in the corner and look pretty.” I jabbed my finger in his direction. 
He raised his hands in surrender. “Yes, mistress. I understand, mistress.”
I rolled my lips in to keep them from twitching. The man wouldn’t know how to be submissive if it bit his dick. I glared at him for good measure. As we passed into the kitchen, I pointed to the high stool in the corner. “There. Sit.” I paused for effect. Raised a single eyebrow. “Good boy.”
A low growl filtered from his throat. “Easy there, cupcake. We have to leave this kitchen eventually.” He sat on the stool, his arms crossed. 
Ignoring that, I hit the button on the industrial mixer to stop its churning. The batter was going to be useless now. Moving the lever to lift the mechanical head, I grabbed a spoon and dipped it into the bowl. Gathering a small scoop, I tasted it. Shook my head.
“Hey. You get to sample, but I don’t?” Ryker whined from his corner spot. 
“I’m the boss.” I grabbed a huge plastic scraper and emptied the beaten batter into the nearest trash can. 
“I’m not sure how bakeries usually work, but I can’t imagine dumping product in the trash is really very cost effective,” he drawled. 
I flipped him off. 
He laughed. 
“I let it go too long.” I kept my attention on the bowl, wishing I could pull the words back. I needed to keep him focused on the here. The now. Not the black hole of despair he’d found me in.  
“A lot of things can go bad when you let them go too long.” His voice was quiet, serious. 
I nodded. He wasn’t wrong. I washed the bowl and put it back on the stand. I got out the ingredients to start again. 
“So, really, what are you working on today?”
Heaving a mental sigh of relief, I gave him the rundown for Natalie’s party tomorrow afternoon. I looked over when he said nothing. He was smiling at me. 
“What?”
He shook his head. “You like her. This Natalie. Are you a Potterhead? What’s your house?”
I stared at him for a moment. “You’re a closet nerd, aren’t you?”
He shrugged. “I’m Slytherin house.”
“Why doesn’t that surprise me?”
He smiled. “Your house?”
“Ravenclaw.”
He smirked. 
I rolled my eyes and smiled. Answered his original question. “I do like her. She reminds me of me when I was that age.” I shook my head. “But no, I don’t know that I can be considered a Potterhead. I’ve only ever watched the movies, never read the books.”
He gasped, grabbed his chest. “Heresy. How could you not read the books?”
Turning away, I shrugged as I measured out everything I would need for the first layer of her massive book cake. “They came into popularity when I was with…him. Since I’ve been single, I haven’t had the time to read them.”
“Can I ask what happened while you were with him?” he asked softly. 
The measuring cup fell from my hand. It clattered to the stainless steel surface with a loud crashing tang. He was the first one to ask that. To want the knowledge. The specifics. The Amatuccis, goddess love them, were satisfied with my vague answers. To give me space and time. 
As I struggled to control my breathing, I felt his hands curl around my arms. His fingers bit into my skin. “Still here?” he asked against my ear. 
I nodded, took a deep breath of life-affirming pain. “Ye-yeah. Your question just startled me. And you can ask, but I probably won’t tell you.”
He waited a long moment before he let me go, moved back to his stool. He was silent so long, I looked up at him.
His eyes were pinched at the corners, his lips pursed into a thin line. “Have you told anyone?”
I went back to the worktop, started breaking eggs and adding them to a bowl. Shook my head. “I can’t. Not yet.” I said the words so softly, I barely heard them. 
I worked in silence for a while after that. Having Ryker in the room wasn’t nearly as annoying as I’d thought it would be. Most of the time, I had to work alone because people in my space bothered me. Especially when I couldn’t keep my eyes on them. 
While I knew Ryker was there, I didn’t feel pressured to talk or keep him entertained. At one point, I looked up and he was just watching me. Almost as if he were trying to memorize my recipes by stalking me with his gaze. But not once did I feel uncomfortable or out of sorts with that gaze on me. 
Instead, in some kind of weird way, I felt better. Seen. Acknowledged. I wasn’t quite sure what to do with that, but I held it close to my heart anyways. 
“What flavors are you doing?” he asked me. 
My lips quirked without looking up from the batter for the second layer. The first layer was already in the oven. “American Waffles, Peanut Butter, Red Velvet, Mississippi Mud, Cookies n’ Cream, Chocolate Mint, and plain Vanilla.”
He gave a low whistle. “All of those mix well together?” He looked doubtful when I glanced up at him. 
I smiled. “I’ll put a buffer section of plain frosting between each layer. The cake is going to be massive.” I dreaded the idea of having to assemble it and then move it to the venue in the morning. Even with help, it was going to be a pain in the ass. Or legs, as it were.
“How much will it weigh?”
I shrugged. “Somewhere close to fifty pounds, by the time it’s all said and done. I’m making the cake books bigger than the original paper books to help with the decorating. But even then, there will just be a lot of cake. She’s having close to 200 guests.” I smiled. “Well, that’s how many her mother is having anyways.”
He chuckled. “And you’re planning on moving it by yourself?”
I shook my head. “I’ve got some guys from across the street who help me. They own a small moving company. I’ve already bribed them with cupcakes and scones.” They were the cheapest labor I’d ever used—minus the free hands and feet of the Amatuccis.
“Do they ride with you to the venue? Help you unload it?” he asked. There was something in his voice I couldn’t identify. 
“No. That would be taking advantage of them. I have a couple of venue attendants who help me. They work for the venue itself, but each of them will get a small cake as a thank you.” I could feel my shoulders inching up towards my ears. I shouldn’t have to defend myself or my choices. I wouldn’t. 
“That’s good. I was going to offer to help. You shouldn’t be trying to move that much extra weight with your legs still trying to recover.” He sounded pleased. 
I nodded, felt my shoulders relax slightly. “I’ve got this one covered. The twenty pound cake for the Stanten anniversary is going to be a little trickier. The wedding is going to be a breeze. A simple two tier with sheet cake for serving.”
“If you need me, call me,” he said. 
I nodded again, turned back to the recipe for the peanut butter layer cake. I got it all set up and in the mixer just as the first layer was ready to come out of the oven. I pulled the half-sheet cake from the oven and moved it to a different worktop so it could cool. 
I worked this way for a couple hours. Making sure each layer was sufficiently cooled so I could start with the icing. The fondant layer would be the last and would be a single big drape that I would be able to form into the book covers. 
Once the layers were all finished and cooling, I got to work building the base for the cake. A piece of plywood that would be covered in frosting with a two-inch PVC pipe attached to the middle. The pipe would go through each layer of cake, giving it extra stability. 
I pulled out my pneumatic nailer, hit the button on the compressor. While I was waiting for it to get to pressure, I dressed the plywood. 
“I never knew so much went into making cakes,” Ryker called loudly. 
Smiling, I nodded. Most people didn’t. At least not the parts that went into elaborate cakes that required framework and bases. Anyone could pick up a mix from the supermarket and call herself a baker. 
“Do you need any help?” he asked. 
I looked over at him. His eyes were sparkling as he looked at the power tools I’d laid out. Men. I chuckled to myself. 
Waving him over, I had him steady the base as I attached the pipe and fitting. We got it turned right side up. I showed him how to spread the buttercream frosting over the coated base to help the cake stick to it. 
As he was getting that done, I prepped the first layer. Cutting out the hole in the middle, I slid two trays under either side to keep it from breaking apart as I lifted it over the pipe. Once I got that one situated to my liking, he did the rest while I added the different frostings to each layer. 
What would have taken me close to two hours of just straight assembly time, took less than thirty minutes with his help. He got to eat all of the discarded cake holes as payment. I even let him scoop up the remaining frosting. 
His groans of satisfaction brought a smile to my face as I worked on adding the fondant layer and decorating it to look like the book spines on one side. The book pages would just be painted lines, so that saved me some time as well.

**

My back was aching and my legs were starting to go numb by the time I was satisfied with the cake. I never let anything less than my best go out to a client. My body was paying for that dedication to perfection right now. 
Ryker helped me load the cake onto a cart and get it stored in the walk-in fridge for the night. I was limping by the time we walked back out. I bit my lip to keep the sounds of pain from escaping. I needed to call Tali. Ask her to come get me. 
“Anything else you have to do tonight?” he asked as he walked back out to the main worktop. 
“No.” Thank the goddess. I cleaned as I went so I didn’t have to worry about the huge task at the end of a long day. I needed to put some tools away, but that could wait for tomorrow when I came to get Natalie’s cake and start on the Stanten’s.
“Good.” He spun on his heel and darted for me. Shoving his shoulder into my abdomen, I was ass-up over his shoulder before I could figure out what was happening. 
“Put me down, Ryker.” I slapped his butt. 
He slapped mine back. “No. You can barely walk. Your house or mine?”
“You don’t get to decide that. I’m in charge of my body, Ryker. Just me.” I slapped him again. 
My brain shifted to the side as he flipped me upright. My butt landed on the steel worktop. I tried not to whimper in relief as my legs got a chance to relax.
“I’m taking you home. It’s your choice which one that is. That’s your decision.” He pushed his nose to mine. “Yours or mine?” He held my gaze, challenge practically wafted off of him. 
I gritted my teeth. “You’re so bossy.”
He chuckled. “You’ve yet to see bossy, cupcake. Your decision?”
I was going to be answering questions either way, so I made it easier on myself for tonight at least. “If I say yours, will you promise not to put the moves on me?”
He blinked a couple times without saying anything. “Yes.” A smiled tugged at his mouth. 
I glared at him. “What? Why are you smiling?”
He shook his head. “I promise not to put the moves on you. Are you satisfied?”
I studied him. For some reason, I didn’t think we were talking about the same thing, but I couldn’t put my finger on why that was. Unable to come up with a good reason, I nodded. “Yeah.”
He spun me around, dipped me back. Within moments, I was up in his arms. One arm under my shoulders, the other supported my knees. He stopped by the cabinet in the corner where I kept my purse and home stuff. 
“Slap the lights,” he said as he passed through the doorway out into the show space. 
The room plunged into darkness. Beyond the frosted glass door, only streetlights provided illumination. 
“What time is it?” I asked as I unlocked the door from my perch in his arms. 
“A little after ten.” He stepped out into the night, turned for me to lock up again. 
I grimaced. “Sorry. You should have left a long time ago.” I felt like a selfish ass. 
He pinched my thigh softly. “Wasn’t going to happen. Besides, I got to watch you work.” He sounded like he’d enjoyed it as much as watching a live sporting event. 
I chuckled. “Yeah, watching me bake is so thrilling.”
He jiggled me up a bit higher in his arms. “My keys are in my left pocket. Can you reach them?” 
I slid my hand down his body. Fought to push the awareness of his body away. I bit my lip as I plunged my fingers into his pocket. 
He grunted, his eyes fell closed. “I like watching you bake. You move around your space so gracefully. Like watching a professional dancer—who happens to have hot pans in her hands.” 
I breathed a laugh as I had to lean down a little farther. I could feel the edge of the key ring with the tip of my middle finger, but I was still too high to hook it. I pressed my face into his chest, right over his heart. 
A quick thud, thud, thud beat against my cheek. 
“Sweet fuck, woman,” he said softly. Delicious pain laced his voice. 
I sucked in a breath. Keys. Keys. Keys. Keys. Find the damn keys. With a slight hunch, I hooked the key ring with my middle finger. “Got them.” I straightened, a smile on my face. I looked up at him, intended to hold the ring up for him to see. 
Hunger lent his face an almost sinister cast in the low light from the street lamps. 
I didn’t move. Almost afraid to draw attention to myself. I barely breathed as I waited for him to decide on a course of action. 
My chest felt like I had an elephant making itself comfortable on it. My heart tripped into high gear as the breath backed up in my lungs. I was caught. 
After a moment, he closed his eyes. A shivery breath slid from between his lips and fanned over my cheeks. He swallowed a couple times before he said, “Let’s get you home. I can rub your legs again. If I don’t, you might not be walking tomorrow.”
He took the handful of steps to his car without looking down at me. His chin was up the slightest degree. His fingers flexed and relaxed against my body. 
I hit the unlock button on his key fob as he turned. The lights flashed and I was settled in the leather depths of his front passenger seat. I sighed at the feeling of being off my feet, at having my back supported in all the right ways. 
He slammed the door. His face was tight as he rounded the front of the car. Emotion radiated from his stiff body. He yanked open his door and slid behind the wheel. His fingers wrapped the steering wheel so tightly, his knuckles went white. 
“Ryker?” I called softly. Maybe I should go home? My home. He didn’t seem in a good frame of mind right now. 
“Not yet, Willow,” he said, his voice a harsh whisper. 
I sealed my lips, waited in the vibrating silence with him. After all he’d done for me—from rescuing me at the hospital to helping me today in the shop—the least I could give him was space. Something deep inside me wanted to make it better. But I had no idea what that might be. 
So I did nothing. 
Chapter 32 – Ryker 

I fought to clear my head. To clear her perfume from my nose. To forget the feel of her body in my hands. I was on the edge and I wasn’t willing to screw it up again. 
“Ryker?”
I bit the inside of my cheek as her soft voice trailed fingers of velvet over my skin. “Not yet, Willow.” I struggled to keep my voice even. Quiet. 
After a moment, I felt the tension ease from my body. Felt like I had full control over my emotions. I relaxed my hands, flexed my fingers. Pushing the button to start the engine, I checked my surroundings and pulled into the street. This late in Oldtown, there was no traffic. 
“Are you okay?” she asked, her voice still soft. 
I exhaled. “Yeah. All good now.”
As if I could see it, she came out of her shell. Blossomed right next to me. I could feel the questions sitting on her tongue. Bet myself how long it would take for her to ask it. 
I would have lost. She lasted about a minute. I’d given her no more than thirty seconds. 
“Want to talk about what just happened?”
I looked over at her, smiled. “That depends.”
She smiled, rolled her eyes. “On what?”
“Are you going to tell me why you wrote what you did in your note?” I could have bitten my tongue off. That hadn’t been the question I wanted answered. At least not yet. 
She blinked at me, her shadow shifting in the periodic light of the passing street lamps. “What about it?” She licked her lips, looked away. 
Chuckling softly, I smirked. “You wrote that meeting me was one of the best days of your life.”
Her laugh had a slight hysterical edge to it. “I wouldn’t read into that too much. I almost died that day, if you’ll remember.”
“Don’t.” I stopped at a stoplight. Wrapped my hand around her knee. Squeezed. “Don’t do that. Not now. Not after today.”
She looked up at me, her mossy green eyes wide. Almost terrified. She licked her lips. “Meeting you has been one of the best days of my life.” She swallowed hard, the sound loud in the quiet interior of my car. 
I felt like a weight had been lifted from my chest at her admission. I squeezed her knee a little tighter. “You know there’s no getting away from me now, right? You’re mine. All of you.” I held her gaze. Let her see the truth of my words. 
She shook her head. A sad smile pulled on her lips. “You don’t mean that. Not really.”
“You don’t get to tell me what I feel, Willow.”
She huffed a laugh. “A few days ago, you wanted sex. Now you want all of me? Do you even know what that means? Or do you just want all of me for sex, Ryker?” Her gaze singed me. 
I nodded. “You’re right. I wanted to fuck you out of my system.” I felt her pull away, try to dissolve into herself. “No.” I gripped her knee until I felt my fingers rub against her bones. “I’m being honest. The least you can do is listen.”
She crossed her arms and sat back, a superior look on her face. She gave me a wave. “Go on, then.”
I relaxed my grip on her knee. “I wanted to fuck you out of my system,” I repeated. “But that was before you brought me cupcakes. And called to check up on me after I stormed out. After forcing me to see you as more than just a convenient fuck buddy...you don’t get to change my worldview and then leave me hanging. I won’t let you.”
Her laugh was mean and grated on my nerves. “I make you behave like a human being and now you want to punish me for it? Where’s the logic in that, Ryker?”
“Who said anything about punishing you? For fucks sake, cupcake, I want more than just sex.” With my free hand, I tunneled my fingers through my hair. “I want to know why you have nightmares. I want to know how you got hooked up with Amatuccis. I want to know why you lean on them and not your parents.”
She looked up at me, a challenge lit her face. “Then I want to know why you keep your Grams a secret. Why you were at the hospital the night you found me and why you looked ready to murder someone. I want to know why you think women are just fuck toys for your enjoyment and why you think you’d be any different with me.”
I jerked back. Clenching my teeth, I turned back to stare out the windshield. I didn’t share my life. Not with anyone. It was too fucked up. Too dark. I wouldn’t stain her soul.
She sighed. “Never mind. Take me home.” She paused. “Mine.” She shook her head and shoved my hand off her knee. 
“You need me, Willow.” The words were hoarse and harsh. “I can give you the sweetest pain you’ll ever experience.” I’d give her enough pain that she would be happy with just that. She wouldn’t need to know anything more about me. 
She turned to stare out her window. “You could have. But now we’ll never know.”
“Look at me.”
Taking a deep breath, she turned. “What?”
“You’re shutting me out? Willing to walk away?” NO. Fuck no. That wasn’t allowed. I was the one who walked away. I was the one who got to leave before things got too deep. 
“I’m not a walking vagina, Ryker. Sex isn’t important to me. But I’d have tried it. For you. For all of you. Not just the parts and pieces you were willing to share. You don’t get all of me for only part of you. Even I know that’s bad business.” She shook her head, a sad look on her face. “Take me home, please.” She turned back to her window. 
A red haze descended over my brain. I’d saved her life again and this was how she repaid me? I’d been willing to offer more than just sex. Or pain. I’d wanted to learn about her, be involved in her life. And now, because I wouldn’t share the sick shit of my life with her, she was going to stonewall me?
I pulled my guts back in. The sharp tinge of rejection a feeling I hadn’t experienced in a while. Now I remembered why I kept sexual interactions transactional. I didn’t need this. Didn’t need her. 
I gunned the engine and pulled a U turn, heading back to her little shop. I screeched to a halt at the curb. Leaning in front of her, I opened the passenger door. “You can get yourself home.”
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me right now.” She crossed her arms, didn’t move. 
“Get your ass out of my car. You don’t want to put out? Fine. We’re done. Go kill yourself for all I care. I won’t be there the next time. I’ll be sure to tell the Amatuccis they weren’t enough to make you stick around. That you loved your sorrow more than you loved them.”
Her hand flew up and slapped my cheek. Rage brightened her eyes. “Fuck you.” She unhooked her seatbelt and stumbled from the car. 
I didn’t wait to see if she made it to her car alright. I hit the gas, the momentum slamming the passenger side door closed. I was done. I’d tried to play by her rules. Open myself up to wanting more than a new bed partner. She’d stomped on the offer. Set it on fire. 
It would be the last time I interfered with anyone else. It wasn’t worth the hassle. The heartbreak. No one could be trusted. 
Chapter 33 – Willow 

I watched his car’s lights disappear around the corner. I still couldn’t believe that had just happened. One of the best days of my recent life—minus that whole suicide part—had crashed and burned like an A-bomb had gone off. 
I limped to my car, fished around in my purse for the keys. Asshole. He could have at least taken me home. 
A soft scratch on the pavement to my left brought my head up. A rush of sound. A quick pinch at my neck and the world floated away.
Chapter 34 – Ryker 

Seething as I drove the rest of the way home, I talked myself out of going back for her a dozen times. She obviously didn’t need me. Or my help. She would be fine on her own. 
I zipped into the underground garage, slid into my parking spot. I sat there for long moments after I cut the engine. What the fuck had gone wrong? I still couldn’t wrap my brain around it. 
Our conversation tripped through my head on repeat. She’d been coming over. Letting me take care of her instead of her chosen family. Me. She’d come to me and continued to turn to me. 
But I guess what I offered wasn’t good enough. Not in the long run. 
Tough shit. That’s on her. You would have treated her like the little pain princess she was. Her loss. Get your fucking sorry ass out of this car, my inner voice goaded. 
Yeah. I needed something. Some kind of way to numb everything back to the way it had been before. Before she tripped into my arms.
Alcohol. Lots and lots of alcohol.
Nodding, I got out of the car and walked to my private elevator. Pulling my phone from my pocket, thumbed it to silent. Tonight was not a night for callers. 
I stabbed the upper of the two lone buttons on the panel. Even thinking of my dungeon right now made me want to break things. I leaned against the wall as the car zipped to the top floor. 
As soon as the doors opened, I stormed out and straight for the liquor cabinet. Pulling a bottle from the back, I ripped it open and took that first fiery sip. 
This was going to be a long fucking night. 
Chapter 35 – Willow 

Someone slapped my face. Not gentle taps either. I struggled to pry my eyelids open.
Dread soaked my brain as the unforgettable feeling of sedatives dragged my body’s responses to a soul-shaking crawl. I knew this feeling. Hated this feeling. 
Adrenaline surged through me for a brief moment, making my neurons fire like they were supposed to. My eyelids flew open as I tried to take in as much information as quickly as possible. I had to get out of here. 
“You won’t be able to escape this time, Willow,” he said. 
Ethan Embry Errington. 
My ex-husband. 
The serial killer. 
“What do you want, Ethan?” I asked. The effort to form the words already taxing my slowed system. 
“What I’ve always wanted, Willow. For you to help me heal people. You remember my work, don’t you?” He moved over so I could see him. He had a prepped syringe in his hands. 
He looked so normal. So earnest. How the mind of a monster lived behind that mundane mask never failed to amaze me. 
I nodded. “I remember your work.” There was no arguing with him. No reasoning. No logic that could penetrate the elaborate web he’d woven for himself. 
“Then why did you leave me?” He sighed, looked so disappointed. “I had to get another assistant. And then another. No one lasted as long as you did, Willow. None of them could replace you.”
Bile rose up the back of my throat. He’d taken more. Stolen more lives on his quest to understand the brain and try to unlock its full potential. 
“Because of you, I went through fourteen more assistants and thirty-two more subjects.” He gripped the foot rail, his hands shook as his face mottled with rage. “You’re to blame for those losses. Do you think I can just find more subjects? It’s not easy, Willow. You expect too much of me.”
I bit back the retort, knew that way lay nothing but more drugs and unconsciousness. “I’m sorry, Ethan. I’ve had some time to think while I was away.”
He snorted. “Don’t try to play me, Willow. You’re not that bright.” He walked over to the familiar machinery next to the bed I’d learned to hate with every fiber of my being. “Even though you abandoned the project, I’ve come up with a new mixture that has shown promising results. Assistants Three, Twelve, Thirteen, and Fourteen were able to achieve positive results under the serum.”
He held up the syringe in his hand. “I have to wait for the current dosage to evacuate your system, but once it’s been expelled, we’ll start up where we left off. Thankfully, I didn’t lose too much time in your absence.” He moved to the door. Outlined by the brighter hallway lights, I could have sworn I saw horns sprouting from his head. 
I knew he didn’t really have them. But I wished, not for the first time, that his outer appearance matched his inner personality. That everyone could see the demon who lurked under his skin. 
“Sleep healthy, Willow. Tomorrow, we begin again.” He pulled the door shut behind him. I heard the key inserted into the lock. Felt the crushing despair settle in my chest. 
This time…this time I would die here. 
Chapter 36 – Willow 

Something buzzed against my chest. My eyes flew open. The sedative was wearing off and I could feel my hands and feet. I had maybe a half hour before Ethan came back in here. 
Thirty minutes to try to get to safety. 
Buzzzz buzzzz buzzzz
I startled again. What the hell was that? This was new. He’d never attached electrodes to me. Not that delivered stimuli. Only ones that read biological information. 
I looked down. My shirt trembled as another round of buzzing vibrated against my boobs. 
Correction. My left boob. A foggy memory of me sliding my phone into my bra when I went to answer the door at the shop slid through my mind. 
Lifting my hand that felt like it weighed at least a hundred pounds, I fished the device from my clothing. Ethan was either getting sloppy, devolving, or had been too excited to get his psycho hands on me to frisk me for a phone. 
I stabbed at the screen as the name TALI flashed with strobing lights. The phone went quiet as I finally hit the glowing green button. 
“No!” I flicked up the screen with my index finger. I had to get her back. She was my only hope. 
The key sounded in the door. 
I was out of time. By muscle memory, I found the power button. Pressing and holding it, I shut it down and stuffed it back in my bra. Prayed Ethan wouldn’t think to frisk me later. 
He opened the door as my hand slid back to my side. His bright eager face was all smiles and psychopathic joy. “Good morning, Willow. Are you ready to begin our work?”
I nodded, unable to bring myself to say the words. 
His smile widened. “Wonderful. I think you’ll really enjoy this latest round of testing. If what I observed in the other assistants holds true, you should show some astonishing results.” He came over to the side of the bed. “Do I need to restrain you?”
I shook my head. Needles didn’t bother me anymore. Not after all this time. I also wasn’t stupid enough to try to physically fight him. That just ended with more numbness and more death. 
“Excellent. That will keep your neurotransmitter levels lowered. I’ll get untainted results. I knew I could count on you.” He pressed his lips to my hair. 
I fought not to shudder. I tried to tune him out. I could do this. I would do this. The irony of fighting for my life now, when yesterday I’d been ready to end it, was not lost on me. But yesterday had been my choice. 
If nothing else, I would take him with me. Then I could end his reign of terror. And in some small way, atone for my part in all of the deaths he’d committed. 
The familiar feeling of lead infiltrated my body. The paralytic he used was fast acting. It had to be. For what came next. There was no way to prepare myself for an intubation tube. No matter how many times he’d forced it on me, that wasn’t something I could sit through calmly. 
As my body went dead around me, I felt him lower the head of the bed. He tipped my head back, lowered my chin. 
I started counting. He had maybe three minutes before the first round of paralytic wore off. Three minutes to get everything set the way he wanted it. 
His routine was flawless. Measured. Precise. He injected me with the second, slower acting paralytic in three minutes and twenty-two seconds. I’d been able to manage one solid breath on my own before he flipped the ventilator on. 
I shuddered to think of him doing this to those poor faceless, nameless women. He saved the younger girls for his most rigorous testing. Thought their younger bodies made them more resilient. Made them last longer. Older women would have been his assistants. 
He’d have found both subjects and assistants on online dating sites. His charm was off the charts. His urbanity and sophistication were impeccable. He usually had more than one subject held at any given time. 
Part of me went to that cold and empty place deep inside me. That place allowed me to survive. To catalog everything around me in minute detail. To file it away like I was a computer. 
The other part of me, the part that kept me Willow, moved to the side. But she never left. Not fully. Sometimes the cold, emotionless part of me yelled at her for her screaming. Threatened to silence her so she could work. 
But sometimes…sometimes, the Willow part of me would comfort the cold. Wrap the freezing analytical side in warmth and love. It didn’t last long. The inhuman part of me didn’t like to be coddled or babied. 
She needed analysis. Information. Facts. Those are what she understood. Those are what she needed to keep going. To keep doing her job. To keep me alive. 
I knew I shouldn’t have so many different parts and pieces of me rattling around in my brain. I knew it was abnormal. But it was how I survived five years of this. 
I tried my best to keep all of me together. To at least keep the threads of all my personalities in the same drawer in my mind. Some days I was better at it than others. 
“Willow, are you ready?” Ethan asked. He had a bite to his voice. A sure fire way of knowing I’d escaped in my head for too long. 
I blinked once for yes. 
My chest inflated briefly. I knew my brain was getting oxygen because I was still alive. But that was it. I couldn’t feel anything else but my eyelids and eyes. Not being able to feel my chest lift, but having to watch it do so out of the bottom of my vision made me hate him all over again.
His face brightened. “Wonderful. You’re already responding better.” He chuckled softly. “I knew this serum would yield better results.”
It sure has, fucker. Let me stab you and pump you full of this shit so you can see what it feels like. Make you try to fight the effects of the paralytic and the sedative. You need firsthand knowledge of what a brain can really do. 
He stepped away. Headed for the closet with the false flooring panel. The dungeon where he kept his subjects. 
It’s horrifying appearance slid through my mind. I’d only been forced down there once. But once was more than enough to etch its picture on my brain. Sear it on my heart. Stamp it on my soul. 
Brightly lit, no one could escape the horrors that greeted the eye. Shutting the eyes didn’t help. The stench made it impossible to push reality from the mind. The new subjects were greeted with what awaited them. They got to see firsthand their fates at the hands of a madman who looked like an angel. 
In my mind’s eye, I saw the underground holding cell. The walls were dirt. Hard-packed dirt that he added to in layers. Once, the space had been as big as the main floor. But that was five years ago. Who knew how many layers he’d added to the walls since then. Eventually, he would run out of room. 
Each layer of dirt held one round of dead subjects.
Dead girls I’d been unable to save. Dead women I’d sentenced to death because I couldn’t get my mouth to work. Dead. 
He came back into the room. A limp body hung over his arms. The small peaks of her breasts identified her as a female. Ethan didn’t think men were good subjects for his testing. They were already too strong. Too able to get to that baser side of survival. 
They were too big for him to fight. To drug. To restrain, more like. As delusional as Ethan was, there was a scary logic to his twisted mind. 
I would have felt better about it all if I didn’t understand his thought patterns. The fact that I could follow those loosely logical arguments made me fear for my own mind. I’d kill myself before I became like this man. 
Ethan dumped the woman on the floor, a careless tangle of limbs and tissue. I wondered how much he actually saw of them. Outside of their neurological activity and the fact that they had beating hearts, did he see them as human? As something other than a bundle of electrical impulses and meat to test and theorize on?
He stepped over what had to be the lump of her body as he made his way to the computer setup he’d installed five years ago. Some of the computers were different, but the basic layout was still the same. 
“Let’s begin, shall we?” He double tapped a button on his console of horror. “Subject seventy-three. Obtained from the general population through voluntary meeting. Platform: Tinder. Date of retrieval: September Twenty-Two. Date of testing: September Twenty-Four.”
At least I’d only been gone one day. I just prayed that when I didn’t show up with the cake for Natalie that someone would figure out what had happened. They would find me. They would find me.
They had to find me. 
Chapter 37 – Ryker 

Water splashed in my face, pulling me from the bottom of the drunken well I’d climbed into last night. 
“You’ve got one chance, motherfucker, before we tear you a new one. Where is she?” a low whispered voice said. 
I blinked away the water to try to identify the speaker. The face that belonged to the voice was on the edge of my mind. The name that belonged to the face was on the tip of my tongue. 
“Where is who?” I asked as I fished around for the name. 
A husky chuckle. “Wrong answer.”
Bright, shocking pain tore through my brain. Ripped it open and poured gasoline on it before someone lit a match and tossed it in there to set the whole thing on fire. 
I tried to move. Tried to evade that all-consuming pain. I was stuck. Unable to move anything but my head as my vocal cords tried to escape the fiery pyre of my scorching body. 
As quickly as it started, the pain vanished.
“Where is she?” the man with the broken voice asked again. 
I blinked, tried to push the pain aside. The man’s face swam into focus as the reverberating agony eased the slightest degree. “Massimo? What the fuck?”
A smile pulled at his mouth. “Wrong answer again.”
This time I got to watch as he laid the long, black tube against my chest. It sparked and arced with blue light right before it touched my skin. Excruciating pain fried my brain synapses. 
I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t see. I could only feel. And it was sheer hell. 
Just as the darkness began to close over my mind, the pain stopped. 
“Where is she?” he asked again. No inflection. No emotion. 
I shook my head. “How the fuck should I know?” 
His smirk promised more pain. More agony. 
I tried to jerk back. To escape. To think. “I left her at the shop. I left her at the shop.” I almost tripped over the words. “She was fine when I left her there.” I hadn’t been this close to begging in a very long time. He would regret this. 
I’d make sure of it.
Massimo shook his head. “Not good enough. We’ve been calling her all fucking morning. No answer. Now her phone isn’t even ringing. It’s going straight to voicemail. She missed her party. The book cake is still in the cooler. I’m going to ask you again. Where is she?”
My mind reeled as the bourbon I’d downed last night created a blank fog of my memories. “I swear. I dropped her off at the shop.” I didn’t remember anything after getting home and taking that first mouthful of alcohol. 
What preceded that alcohol, I remembered with teeth-clenching crystal clarity. I wasn’t going to share those facts with the mob enforcer currently zapping me with a modified cattle prod. I might be stupid, but I wasn’t an idiot. 
“What time?”
“Right around ten.”
He bared his teeth. “It was ten at night in Oldtown and you dropped her off at her car without waiting to see that she got off okay?” He laid the prod against my chest again. 
My bowels loosened as my mouth worked to loose the scream that stalled in my seized throat. 
I gulped air by the lungful as he pulled the implement from my body. All I could do was breathe as I tried to get my brain to work. “Aren’t there security cameras over there or something?”
He shook his head. “They were broken sometime in the last two days. We only found out when we went to go view the footage.”
My brow furrowed. “How were they broken?”
He shrugged. 
“You come into my house, stab me with a cattle prod, and you still don’t even have basic information?” As soon as I got free, I was going to beat this man to death. Stupid. All of them were stupid. And so quick to torture people. I shuddered as he waved the cattle prod with at me again.
He shook his head once more. A simple slide right to left. Nothing else. No expression. Nothing. 
“Let me loose and I’ll figure out where she went.” Fuckers didn’t even know how to use the city’s security system. What good were they as a mafia if they didn’t even know how to exploit the natural weaknesses of the constantly recorded footage that tracked every inch of this city?
He studied me for long minutes. 
I raised my eyes to meet his gaze. “Do you really have time to judge me right now? If she’s been missing all morning, then I’m assuming she’s in trouble. Let me go.” I tried to keep the fear out of my voice. The dread from sinking into my brain. 
If something had happened to her because I’d gotten my feelings hurt, they wouldn’t have to hurt me. I’d do it for them. Gladly. 
He took a knife from his pocket, twirled it in and between his fingers with practiced movements. “Mess with me and I will kill you.” 
I nodded. 
He cut through the duct tape holding me to one of the chairs from my office. 
As soon as I was free, I was up. I was weak and wobbly, but I was on my feet. I took one unsteady step and launched my fist through the air at his face. He’d had it coming. 
He ducked back, easily dodging my blow. He raised his free hand. The knife glinted in the lights of my bedroom. With a slight smile that did more to brighten his dark eyes, he lifted his hand and plunged the knife into my side. He pulled it out just as quickly. “Next one will be in your kidney. Find her. Now.”
Another streak of heat surged through me. Thick, warm blood slid down my side. I sucked in a breath as I pressed a hand to the wound. “You deserved it.”
He nodded as he handed me a towel. “Undoubtedly. But you are not my executioner. Move.” He pushed me ahead of him. “It’s a flesh wound. I made sure not to go all the way through. Five stitches and you will be good as new.”
I tripped as we moved from my bedroom to my office. Rafe was sitting at my fucking kitchen island, a bagel smeared with cream cheese in his mouth. He finished chewing as he watched me stumble across the hall. 
“I’ll stitch you up when you find her. Chop, chop, son.” He stuffed another bite in his mouth, his dark eyes cold as a winter’s night. 
Whatever rapport or social capital I’d earned with these men was down the fucking toilet. I was now an obstacle in their path to get Willow back. My Willow back. 
Using the focus techniques I’d learned from too young of an age, I zeroed in on the task at hand. Finding Willow. I had to find her. Had to apologize. Had to save her. 
My brain chose that moment to flare with a migraine that shut down all vision in my right eye. “I need some water,” I called to Massimo. 
“I don’t care. Find her.”
I gritted my teeth as I tried to apply more pressure to the wound in my side. “That’s going to take longer now that I can’t see out of my right eye. Hangover migraine. Get me some water, an orange, and I’ll be good as new. I’ll start combing the system, but I’m telling you, I need those things. Now.” I pushed into the office, fell against the doorjamb with my bad side. 
A high whistle of pain escaped my mouth as I lost control of the agony that flooded my body. 
I pushed it away. Shoved it in a box for later. 
Willow. 
Her name became a chant as I sat at my computer and booted it up.
Willow.
Her face became the touchstone I kept in my mind’s eye to guide me. 
Willow.
I’m a stupid fucking idiot, cupcake. And a stupid fucking childish one at that. Let me find you. One more time. Let me find you and I’ll never hurt you again. I’ll be everything you need me to be. Just give me one more chance. 
Let me save you so you can save me. 
We can save each other.
Chapter 38 – Willow 

The sedative was working too fast. The slowly encroaching blackness of oblivion pressed on my mind. Taunted me with more failure. More death. 
“Willow, you’re not trying hard enough,” Ethan said. His eyes were so full of disappointment. And something else. Something I’d never seen before in all of the five years of our marriage. 
Enjoyment.
Somehow, someway, in the last eighteen months of being divorced, he’d found some kind of sick, twisted fun in torturing these women. He spent more time playing with his subjects this time around. Less time recording his precious data. 
I wasn’t the focus of his attention. Or at least not completely. There were moments, longer spans of time than I could ever recall previously, that it was like I wasn’t even in the room with him. 
I blinked once. The bastard had been right about the new serum. I could function better with it than any of his earlier concoctions. But that didn’t mean I would be able to save this poor girl. 
When he’d left for his ritual lunch, he’d dropped her body on the floor like she was a used mop. I’d tried to move. Tried to speak. Tried so hard it felt like my mind was on the verge of breaking. Nothing. A vast chasm of nothingness except my ability to blink. 
But he was back, his energy and vigor renewed. And I was about to lose the slightest abilities to interact with him once the sedative finally kicked in fully. That’s when I sought the oblivion. The active ignorance of anything he might do to my body while I was unconscious. 
He chained her to the large X he’d placed at the foot of the bed. Her head lolled forward, her eyes closed. I wasn’t sure she was still alive, but that didn’t bother Ethan. At least not yet. 
No, Ethan was busy getting his next torture device ready. A blunt length of rebar that he was heating to a fiery orange-red glow. He caressed the rebar with the flame like a lover would his partner’s leg. 
I searched my brain for this particular tool in any of the five years I’d been held hostage. My cold and detached personality told me, No. There’s no record of this in our data. I would have frozen in that instant if my body hadn’t already been a paralytic that turned me into a lump of useless tissue and bone. 
He’d expanded his repertoire. His library of torture. He was experimenting on the subjects, not just the assistant—me, in this particular instant. 
Instead of only researching the brain’s capacity to overcome paralysis in the presence of overwhelming psychological distress, he was looking for ways to cause more damage. Greater damage. 
No wonder he’d gone through so many subjects and assistants. He was abusing his toys. He was devolving. Getting reckless. Getting arrogant. 
I prayed and pushed at the seeping sedative as it crowded my sight. My thoughts. If I could stay awake, I might be able to call for help when he left me for the night. I’d have eight hours. Eight hours to actively battle my body into motion. 
But first…first, I had to make him believe that I was sedated. If I could manage that, then I’d have to find some way to keep myself awake. Awake during a time I’d never experienced conscious thought. 
What if he raped me? Used my body in some kind of awful manner? 
Would it really be any different than what he’s doing now? the cold side of me asked. At least if you stayed awake, you would have a sliver of a chance to escape. To save those women he’s undoubtedly holding in the basement. Stop being so fucking selfish for once. Think about someone else for a change. 
I steeled my resolve. I could do this. I would do this.
I would beat him at his own game. I would stay awake, finally face the horror oblivion had protected me from. If not tonight, I would do it tomorrow. If not tomorrow, then the next day. And every day after that until I got free. 
Ethan Embry Errington was about to find out what I was really made of. I’d brought humanity and emotions to Ryker Fucking Penn. Ethan Embry Errington was nothing but a new challenge. 
One I would overcome. One I would make my bitch. 
Chapter 39 – Willow 

I clicked back into the room around me. Whimpers ghosted through the room as Ethan shoved the smoldering rebar into the girl’s abdomen. His back was to me. I wasn’t the object of his focus. He was fully involved in his torture. 
I forced the cold analytical side of me to the front, demanded she watch, learn. Anything and everything she saw, I wanted to know about it. I spoke with the emotional side of me while she was busy. 
We’re going to do this. We’re going to get out of here. We’re going to stop him. Even if it kills us, this ends now. 
My conscious ripped open as the colder side of me thrust me back to the forefront of our mind. 
Ethan was watching me, a calculating look on his face. “You’re still watching, aren’t you, Willow? I’d hate to think that you were working against me in these experiments.”
I blinked once. 
He smiled. It was sweet—one of the first features I’d fallen in love with all those years ago. A mischievous little boy who just wanted me to join him in his antics. The man who would make me smile on the darkest day. 
Ryker’s face appeared in my mind’s eye. I shoved him aside. I couldn’t afford to get distracted. Not yet. Not now. Not this close to death and psychopathy. 
Using all my strength and concentration, I worked to get my eyes to move up to the right side. Forcing deep focus was not my strong suit. I’d been made well aware of that fact almost five years ago now. 
But now, now I had something to live for. A goal I could almost touch. Like the key ring in Ryker’s pants pocket. 
Fucking Ryker. Leave me alone, you emotionally stunted asshat. I’ve got work to do!
Ethan’s face was inches from mine when I came back to myself. “Do that again.” His blue eyes were wide, excitement blew out his pupils. “Now, damnit.” He shook the hospital bed I was strapped into. 
Do what? I had no idea what I’d done except try to kick the image of Ryker from my brain.
Ethan moved back, picked up his tissue-crusted length of rebar. He began heating it again. “I might have finally found your trigger, Willow. Let’s see if we can repeat the results, shall we?”
I was the sole focus of his attention now. He noted every single twitch. Every single breath. Every minute reaction was being observed. 
I’m going to kick your ass for this, Ryker. Just you fucking wait and see. I’m going to chop your dick off and feed it to the geese down at the river. I’m going to kiss you silly, then slap your face. Don’t think I won’t. Don’t think I’ll go all soft and squishy on you when I see your stupidly handsome face again. Or your ridiculously hot body. 
Who fucking needs muscles on their muscles, huh? Show off much, you douche canoe dirty twat spanker?
The sound of metal crashing into the cement floor had me focusing on the room around me one more time. Ethan’s face was bright. All smiles and wide open expression. A look of love so profound it sickened what was left of my soul lit his hated blue eyes. 
“You did it, Willow.” He came over, yanked the ventilator harness from my mouth. I couldn’t tell what else he did, but I knew when I began running out of air. 
The harsh beeping of the machine that monitored my heart added to the panicked thudding of my pulse in my ears. He pulled back, slid the harness back over the tube. His hands were shaking so bad, he jerked my head to the side trying to get it reattached. 
My lungs inflated immediately. The blood whooshed, whooshed, whooshed through my brain, pounded at my ears. The fucker almost killed me in his excitement. 
Men. Forgetting the important things when my life was at fucking stake. 
Ethan leaned back from the side of the bed, tears in his eyes. “I knew you could do it. I knew it had to be you. You were the only one to achieve full positive outcome, Willow.” He brushed the tears from his cheeks. “I’ll let you rest after I’ve run a full scan. We’ll need you in tiptop shape for round two.” 
He lowered his face to mine, pressed his lips to the ventilator harness. “Sleep healthy, my love. In three days, we begin again.” He stepped back again, another flash of love lighting his face. 
He walked to the woman who’d been strapped up like a pig in a butcher shop. His hands closed around the rebar. He steadied her head with one hand, his touch gentle as he held her chin on his open palm. He was still for a moment before he stepped between me and the girl. 
At one point, he leaned forward. As he stepped back, he eased to the left and tossed me a saucy grin over his shoulder. He looked back at his victim, raised the rebar to shoulder height. 
With one mighty shove, he slammed it through her right eye. 
I dove into the blackness. 
Chapter 40 – Ryker 

I was this close to throwing these assholes off my forty-story balcony. So far, I’d been electrocuted, stabbed, stitched up, stabbed in a different place, and been mocked and insulted. If this was the family Willow had chosen, I shuddered to think how awful her biological family was. 
“Again. Ping it again,” Massimo said as he laid his knife point between my first and second knuckle. 
“You damage my hands, I won’t be able to help you.” I hit the series of keys that would send the signal to Willow’s phone. 
“You’d come up with a way, I’m sure. Losing your hands would be the best of your options of what I’d really like to cut off.” He slapped the flat of the blade against my knuckles. 
I added something else to the list for retribution. Forgive me, Willow, but I’m going to maim your brothers. How you thought I was an asshole in light of their behavior, we need to discuss. But they are awful, I said to her mentally. 
Talking to her, even knowing she couldn’t hear me, kept me sane. Stable enough to do the work required of me. Eager enough to keep searching even though we’d gone down at least three wrong paths so far. 
Thankfully, I hadn’t been out with the Amatuccis or their men on those hunts. No, the dubious pleasure of remaining here with Rafe had been my fate. Luckily he didn’t like messing up his own work. If he’d been less finicky, I probably would have more holes than when Massimo got his hands on me again. 
The ping signal died without anything to hit. I shook my head. “Phone’s still off.”
Massimo paced away, his fingers clenching and relaxing around his knife’s hilt. Rapid, husky, whispered Italian flowed through the room. His brothers snorted and nodded. 
Willow, baby, we’re going to start learning Italian, poste fucking haste. 
Luckily, I hadn’t gotten too far into Crazy Town that I was able to answer for her mentally, but I kinda wished the conversations weren’t so one-sided. I was trying not to imagine her reactions. Her facial expressions. 
“What else do we know about Dr. Bout to Die?” I asked again. 
The Amatucci brothers were some of the most closed-mouth people I’d ever met. I could understand it, logically. But we were literally fighting for their adopted sister’s life. I’d think that would loosen their lips. 
But no. I’d lost their trust. I wasn’t even on the fringes of their outer circle, let alone close enough to the inner circle to be given free info. 
“You’ve got your own dossier. Find your own leads,” Domenico said, his voice a low growl. His phone rang—again. He snatched it up, put it to his ear, and walked out of my home office. “Go,” he said. 
To use any of the information Nik had pulled together, I would have to call her and get her to decrypt it. I wasn’t sure I could pull that off. Not at the moment. Not with what I needed from her. 
I tried to get their help once again. “If one of you would just call Nik, I can give you the code that will get her to release the information to me.”
“Call her your fucking self, asshole,” Turo said. 
I lost it. They were stonewalling me. I knew why. Would probably do so if I were in their shoes. But that wasn’t helping any of us find Willow. “Pull the sticks out of your asses before I beat you to death with them. You want me to find Willow? Then pull the phone out of your pocket, call my guy, and get me access. I’ve told you, if I make the call, Nik is going to know something’s wrong with me. Unless you want NTPD showing up, you’ve got to make the call.” I bit each word off carefully. 
I wanted to make sure there were no misunderstandings—although how there could be with the tenth time of repeating the same information was beyond me. I gritted my teeth and clenched my fingers together to keep from letting my fists fly again. I’d learned my lesson the first time. 
Rafe sidled over, his face pinched and tight. “Give me her fucking number. This doesn’t work out, I’m stabbing you with a scalpel.”
I rattled off the number, held my breath as I waited for Nik to answer. It rang four times. Just as it started on the fifth, she answered. Out of breath and angry with it. 
“Tell me your name so I can make sure to spell it right on your tombstone, you cocksucker. I was in the middle of something great. You’ve got ten seconds before I obliterate your digital world around your feet.”
“Rafael Amatucci. I would suggest you not try to threaten me. I’ve got a message from Penn. Alpha-Three-Zulu-Zulu-One-Zero-Four-Charlie.”
“Why didn’t you just start with that, you dumb fuck?” she spat. Her breathing picked up over the line. 
“Because you’re a bossy woman who doesn’t know when to keep her mouth shut?” Rafe suggested. 
I felt my eyes widen as I thanked my lucky stars I wasn’t in the vicinity of her expert Brazilian Jiu Jitsu feet. I smirked when I thought of Rafe and Nik meeting in person for the first time though. That was going to be an amazing encounter. I had money on Nik. 
The sound of computer keys clicking came over the line. “There. And good luck trying to restore your credit, asshole Rafael. Speak to me that way again, I’ll wipe your whole organization off the face of the Earth. You’ll be back to writing on stone tablets to send your messages.” She clicked off. 
Rafe looked at me, fire in his eyes. “If she’s done something to my credit or this family…” he trailed off. 
I lifted my hands into the air. “That’s all on you, bro. You were an asshole to her. Would you have spoken to Willow like that?”
He opened his mouth. Snapped it closed. 
My computer dinged with an incoming secure data packet. I turned away as Rafe pulled the phone back up to his ear. I heard the words “I’m sorry” come from his mouth before I got sucked into the information that I’d pulled up on my screen. 
I skimmed through the known information. I wanted to know if there were any holding companies, shell corporations, anything even remotely attached to Errington that held land that hadn’t been disclosed on his public information. 
It was going to take forever at this rate to find anything. We’d already gone to the house Errington had listed on his driver’s license. The house Willow had been held in before. And we’d even gone to his apartment. All three were strike-outs. 
And this was taking too much fucking time. Every single second her phone stayed off, was another mile he could be moving her. A different place he could be holding her. 
And I had no one to blame but myself. 
Chapter 41 – Willow 

When I surfaced through the haze of worn off sedatives, I had no idea what time it was. In my old life, I could have listed the minutes and seconds. But since the new paralytic serum had reacted differently, I had no clue as to when I was right now. 
All of my straps had been removed. Ethan didn’t like the idea of me getting bed sores, so he made sure I could get up and wander around my space between each experiment. A small en suite bathroom was nestled in the left corner of the room. 
That dry burning ache of a newly removed catheter had me forcing my thoughts to just getting into what little privacy I had in the tiny bathroom. I pushed through the door, did a quick check to make sure no new cameras or listening devices had been installed since the last time I was here. 
It was clear. I guzzled down a large cup—plastic, of course—of water. I forced myself to drink so much that my belly hurt from the rapid expansion. I pulled my pants down, did a quick check to see if any new marks had been added. 
A long, thin, horizontal cut had been sliced into my upper right thigh. Just a handful of inches north of the matching lines of bruises from the table at Chaos. Almost directly below the crease of where my leg met my body. I pushed on it. No pain. No sensation at all really. 
I bit back the scream that flooded the back of my throat. Move on. You can’t fix it now. Do the rest of the check, the cold side of me ordered. 
Raising my shirt, I checked my upper body, my back as well as I could. I was truly astonished to see that my phone was still plastered between my side and my bra band. I pulled it from the material and powered it on. 
Please, please, please, please, please, the word sounded on repeat in my head as I waited for the device to finish its startup sequence. I held my breath, prayed I had enough battery power to send a message. I was in the same room, so that meant they already knew where to find me. I just had to let someone know where I was.
I felt the water try to slide back up my throat as I looked at the time and date stamp in the upper corner of the phone. Two days. I’d only been here two days and already one girl was dead. 
I bit my lip to hold in the scream as the phone started buzzing in my hand. An almost constant stream of buzt, buzt, buzt as message after message, missed call after missed call came through. I kept an ear out for the sound of a key in the door.
By the time the phone was silent in my hand, I had over 120 missed calls and 432 messages waiting for me. I didn’t bother checking my voicemail box. I knew it was going to be full. 
I almost dropped the phone in the toilet when it came to life in my hands again. UNKNOWN NUMBER scrolled across the top. 
I hit the connect button. “Yes?” I asked softly, my hand cupped around the mouthpiece.  
“Cupcake?” Ryker said. “Where the fuck are you?”
Tears gathered in my eyes. “I’m in my old house that I shared with Ethan. Ryker, you have to come. You have to bring the Amatuccis and you have to come get me now. Please. Please, goddess, you have to come now.”
I heard the distinct jiggle of the key in the lock of the main door. I stuffed the phone, with the line still live, under the edge of the toilet base between the wall. Hopefully they could track me if the line stayed on. 
I grimaced as the water in my belly tried to make its way from my tired body once again. A heavy knock came on the door of the bathroom. “Willow?”
“Just a minute,” I called. I dropped my pants again and sat to pee. Thankfully I’d been asleep long enough that I had a full bladder. He must have removed the catheter pretty quickly after I lost consciousness. 
The dry burning ache came back to mind. I pushed it away. I didn’t have time to investigate every weird feeling in my body right this moment. 
As soon as I was done, I stood up, fixed my clothing and washed my hands. Ethan knocked on the door again as I was drying them. “Coming.” 
I opened the door and stepped into his personal space. Anything to keep him from inspecting the bathroom. 
He had eyes only for me. A disgusting softness entered his gaze as he petted his hands down my hair. “How are you feeling, love?”
A sick smile tugged at my mouth. “I’ve been better.” I didn’t mention the cut or the deep burning of my ureter. He wasn’t actually interested in my wellbeing beyond the fact of how it could impact his experiments. 
With my head caught between his hands, he leaned forward and whispered, “And your phone call?”
Oh shit. 
Chapter 42 – Ryker 

“Fucking now,” I shouted at the computer, thankful I’d had the wherewithal to put my end of the phone call on mute. When the ping had come back as her phone being on, I’d prayed like I’d never prayed before. 
Listening to Willow pee had been a unique experience, but if hearing her tinkle was the least of my problems, I could live with that. A hysterical laugh built in the back of my throat. 
I squelched it with ruthless control. No. I still had a job to do. A woman to find. My woman. The blinking blue dot on the screen turned a solid blue. “Got her.” I pushed from the desk, ignored the sharp piercing pain in my side. I sent the location to my phone and deleted the results. 
These fuckers weren’t leaving me here while they went in and rescued her. No. This was mine. 
“Give it to us,” Domenico snarled as he got in my face. “You’re staying here. With Massimo.”
“No.” I pushed by him, limped as fast as possible to my elevator. “You’re more than welcome to join me, but you’re not leaving me here. And good luck getting from here to the basement without my new codes.” I hit the button to open the elevator doors, stepped inside. 
I stabbed the CLOSE button and watched with grim satisfaction as all four Amatucci brothers leapt into motion. 
Domenico got pinched by the doors on his way over the threshold. His light brown eyes held the announcement of my impending death. “If she’s not where that says, you die. Today.”
I nodded. I couldn’t take any more of this waiting and hoping only to have them crushed with no Willow at the end of any particular rainbow. “I’ll hold my shirt open for you.”
His smile was a hard slash on his face. “You won’t have the time.”
The elevator slid to a quick stop at the garage floor. We piled out and headed for my SUV. I kept the keys as I jogged/hopped towards the huge vehicle. I pulled my phone from my pocket as I slid into the driver seat. I nestled it in its integrated cradle and started the car. 
“Call Talia,” I ordered. 
“Tell her what’s happening, you die right here,” Massimo said in his damaged voice. 
I cancelled the call. “Fine, then I want it on record that I tried to call her and was threatened with death. When she hears about it from Willow, you’re all going to wish you’d let me make the call.” I stomped on the gas and we went flying. 
“Take next left,” the car’s nav system said. “Arrival in twelve minutes.” I smashed the gas pedal into the floor. “Recalculating…arrival at destination in five minutes and thirty seconds.”
I blanked everything else from my mind except listening to the electronic voice of the navigation system. We’d found her. I’d found her. 
I’m coming, baby. Stay alive. 
Chapter 43 – Willow 

My knee smashed up into Ethan’s balls as soon as the words registered in my brain. Using one of Tali’s favorite tricks, I elbowed him in the throat and pushed him away as he tried to figure out which injury to nurse first. 
I raced from the room. Nothing was the same. I wasn’t in my old house. I’d told Ryker the wrong place. I was on my own. 
I shot forward, cursed the rough flooring and Ethan’s habit of stealing my shoes. I gathered the pain in my feet, held it close to me. Nurtured it in my brain as I darted around corner after corner. 
He’d built a maze. And I was his rat. 
I ran and kept turning corners. As long as he couldn’t get his hands on me, I would be fine. I could hold out until Ryker came. Until that grouchy, bossy bear found me. I was going to slap him silly. Make him hold me through the nightmares that would undoubtedly keep me awake for the foreseeable future. His fault, he could help clean up the mess. 
“You can’t run from me, Willow.”
That long, low cut on my leg burst to vibrant life as electricity shot through my system. I crumpled against the wall, slid to the floor. Inhaled the pain, let it buffer the fear. Mute the residual effects of the sedative. 
He might have done some new things while we were apart, but so had I. I could handle the pain. The sharp shock to the system. I welcomed it, breathed it in. 
Doing just that, I pushed to my feet. I pulled the agony into my lungs with each breath. Exhaled the glorious sensation of being alive. 
I dragged my body forward. Another turn. Another shot of electricity. I stuffed a fist into my mouth to keep from making any noise. If we were going to play cat and mouse, I needed to find something to give me an edge. 
Right now, Ethan thought I was debilitated by the pain. That was my single advantage right now. I needed something else. An equalizer. 
As I turned another corner, I kept my eyes peeled for a board, a length of rebar. Anything I could use to force him to keep his distance. To hit him with. 
“What happened, Ethan? Get a little too excited about the pain you inflicted?” I called out as I turned another corner. If I could goad him into anger, maybe he’d make a mistake. I didn’t think it was very likely, but I was out of other options at the moment. 
“What happened to the righteous doctor who just wanted to understand the brain and how it could be forced open to its full potential? Lose your way? Get caught up in the killing of innocent women?”
“They weren’t innocent! They were predators,” he spat. 
“Right. Because drugging them and stuffing them in your dungeon makes you the innocent in all of this. How many, Mr. Errington?”
I bit my lip as I imagined the steam that was likely filtering from his ears. He hated being called mister. 
“Seventy-three. And they’re all your fault.”
I snorted loudly. “You couldn’t make me believe that shit when I was under your thumb, I’m certainly not going to start believing it now.” But I did. Somewhere deep inside, I believed I was at least partially responsible for their deaths. 
“If you’d just done what I’d told you, expanded your mind, you could have saved them.”
“Just like my actions saved the last girl, right? You stabbed her through the head with a piece of metal, you sick fuck. No. You can try to defer blame as much as you want, but I know exactly who you are, Ethan. Poor little boy who didn’t fit in with his family.” 
I curled around another corner as bright sparkling pain danced through my body. I got my voice back. “Boo hoo. He was too young, too smart to have friends in his classes.”
His laugh was high pitched and brittle. “And I was too smart. Smart enough to kill their chances of succeeding. Smart enough to not get caught after all of these years. Smart enough to land Winslow Chase’s daughter in marriage.”
I gave him an imaginary point for that one. He had been smart. Debonair. Sophisticated. Down to earth. Funny. 
Too bad all of it had been a thin mask. 
“Yup, got me on that one, Mr. Errington. Way to go. You conned a baker into being your wife and accomplice. Congratulations.” I gave him a slow clap. 
I stopped. A small circular room held nothing but blank walls. There were no more turns available. No more options but the way I’d come in. 
I gritted my teeth, headed back into the maze. 
“How did you end up this way?”
He laughed. The sound too close for comfort.
I scurried around the next bend and tried to remember which way I’d come through the first time. 
“I’ve always been this way. My experiments have kept me company since I was twelve years old. No one understood me. No one bothered to reach out. To try to befriend me. If someone had, I wouldn’t be like this. It’s society’s fault for everything that I’ve done. It made me do it.” He choked on a sobbing breath. 
I struggled not to feel sorry for the little boy he’d been. But even at twelve, he’d known right from wrong. He’d chosen wrong. 
“Sure, of course. If only smart people were treated better.”
“We’re treated like we have the plague, you bitch. You wouldn’t know because you’re normal. You got to live in ignorance your entire life. Boxed in by mediocrity. Destined for mundanity. You have no idea what greatness requires. What excellence demands.”
He sent another stream of pain through my body. 
I stopped, leaned against the wall. Sweat beaded my forehead as my legs shook. I awkwardly slid down to my ass. I didn’t know how many more of these shocks I could take. 
As if he’d heard my mental crisis, he answered, “I placed the electrode next to your femoral artery. If I press the button long enough, it could cauterize that nerve branch. How would you like that, Willow? Would that be a good enough experiment?”
Another bolt of lightning danced along my insides. 
Fuck. 
Chapter 44 – Ryker 

“You have arrived at your destination. Your destination is on the left,” the car announced. 
“What the fuck are you playing at, Penn?” Turo demanded as we searched the empty field. There was nothing here. Not even a hint that there had been. The ground was yellowed and undisturbed. 
Rafael slid up between the front seats. A glint of metal in his hand. 
“Stop.” I slapped his hand away. “For fucks sake, you guys don’t really know how to do business do you? What the fuck is wrong with you?” I grabbed my phone and limped from the car. 
I pulled up the feed from my geosynchronous orbiting satellite. I scrolled back through the seventy-two hours of footage. Prayed that asshole had come back here within that amount of time. If he hadn’t, if he’d somehow managed to clone her phone and lead us off on another goose chase?
I shook my head. Forced those thoughts out. No. I couldn’t think like that. I had to find her. Had to hold her in my arms. Tell her I was sorry. 
The driver’s window lowered behind me. A dark head popped out and stopped next to mine. “I won’t apologize,” Rafael said softly.
“I don’t expect you to. But damn, you do business in weird ways.” I hit the 2X speed button. Watched the last few days slide by with zero movement on the screen. 
“Welcome to mob life,” he said softly as he watched the small screen on my phone with me. 
“No, thanks. I prefer business rooms and conventions. There!” I stabbed at the NORMAL speed button. On my screen, a car drove out into the middle of the field. Stopped. A tallish man exited the car.
Rafael growled low beside me. The sound was feral. “Errington.”
“That’s him?” I squinted. I couldn’t make out his features from the height of the satellite, but I would go with Rafe if he thought the man on the footage was the guy we were hunting. 
“I’d know that swagger anywhere. That’s the fucker.”
“Where is he?” Domenico demanded from the passenger seat. “I want his blood on my hands.”
Get in fucking line, man. That bastard was going to feel my hands rip into his belly and crush his heart. “Give me a fucking minute.” I hit some buttons on the screen, pulled up split view. The satellite footage dropped to almost unusable as I tried to access the GPS coordinates of the object on screen. 
I finally found them. Took a screen shot and sent it to Domenico. “Here. Start looking. I’m going to watch the rest of this.”
All three doors opened in unison. Amatuccis unloaded from my car like it was an Italian convention.
I backed up the footage, blew up the picture so I could see it more clearly. He’d stopped in the middle of the field. For what? What possible reason could he have. 
“Call Nik back. I need her eyes,” I told Rafael. 
He growled but completed the call. “Don’t bitch at me, woman. Your boss needs to talk to you.” He handed me the phone. 
“No questions, Nik. And whatever you do, don’t dig into what I’m about to tell you. I need you to pull up the data packet you sent me. See if there’re any property records, bills of sale, receipts, anything that could point to Errington owning property on the northeast outskirts of town.”
She inhaled noisily. 
“Not right now, Nik,” I said softly. “Please.”
She blew her breath out in a huge gush. “Fine. But as soon as, bossman. Or I’m kicking your ass, too.”
“Understood and appreciated.” I gave her the coordinates I’d been able to snag. “Look in this vicinity first.”
I backed up the footage. The car had disappeared as if it had never been there. “What the fuck?” I hit the backup button again. Played it in half-speed. “Rafael, look at this.”
I angled the screen so he could watch it with me. I didn’t think I was getting woozy from blood loss, but that was about the only logical explanation I had at the moment. 
The car was there, the man was digging in the trunk of a dirty white POS sedan. I tried not to think of Willow being stuffed in that trunk. Or any other person for that matter. 
“We’ve got something over here!” Turo yelled. He was about half mile in from where I’d stopped the car. 
“We’re walking, Nik. Anything yet?” I asked as Rafael and I continued to watch the footage. The car just disappeared. “There. Did you see that?” 
“What the fuck?” he breathed. 
“What’s up, boss? And no, nothing yet.”
I told Nik about the disappearing car. Sent her the footage timestamp. “Pull it up on your system, see if you can dig it up for me.”
“Data mining or footage, boss. Not even I’m that good.”
“Fuck. Footage. He was here two days ago. We need to find him. ASAP.” I slid the phone into my pocket, hooked the earbud into my ear. 
Rafael and I moved over to join his brothers. 
I felt my mouth drop open as I looked down. “What the actual fuck?”
Chapter 45 – Willow 

Sucking in a deep breath, I set my nails to my skin and pushed against the butterfly bandaged flesh. Sliced. Clawed. Anything and everything I could do. I had to remove that electrode. I wouldn’t let him win. Not like this. Not when I was so close to freedom. 
For myself. For those other women and girls. 
The pain suffused my mind as the white noise of blessed overstimulation curled around me. I broke the skin. Kept digging. 
My fingers slipped and slid over my skin as blood rose to the surface. I breathed through my mouth to keep any sounds from drifting. From pulling the monster any closer to me. 
Head starting to spin, I pushed my fingers deeper. I just needed enough space to hook my nail under it. Grab a wire and yank. 
A shoe scuffed the floor near where I sat. 
I bit my lip as my middle finger grazed the foreign material. I sank my nail under the edge of the wire and pulled up. 
Bright, brain-scorching fire shot through my finger as the electrode went off as I was trying to remove it. My vision went fuzzy as my entire arm went numb. 
Another shoe scuff. He was close. So close. I had to get this out of me. Had to. Had to. Had to.
Lifting my other arm, I traced my way down to where my finger was caught under the electrode wire. There was barely any space for my second finger. Using my shoulder, I flung it back and out of the way. 
A dull thunk sounded as my numb arm hit the wall that supported me. Shit. I didn’t have time to worry or whine about my fate. I dug my other finger in, hooked that wire, and yanked that electrical demon out. 
Warm, gushing blood rose up around my fingers. I must have torn something. Using what strength I had left, I grabbed my numb arm. Curled the dead fingers into a fist and pushed my fist down into the hole I’d dug in my body. Folding my leg up around my fist, held it against my body. Hopefully that would slow the bleeding. I didn’t have a lot of hope, but I was going to hold out as long as I possibly could. 
Everything slowed down around me. The world around me gooped and bubbled through my vision, like watching it through a thick glaze of melted frosting. I blinked, trying to clear my sight. 
I lifted the hand with the electrode in it. It was so small, roughly the size of a lima bean with enough arms to make a spider jealous. As I watched, it heated in between my thumb and fore finger. I smiled when no pain came.
Only the legs carried the current. 
I could work with that. Come into my parlor—just call me Spider. I took a deep breath, made sure it was noisy and obnoxious. Gave a soft moan of pain. I lowered my hand, made sure to keep the legs of the electrode away from my skin. 
Come here, little fly. I’ve got a nice treat for you. 
The electrode heated in my hand again. 
I smiled and gasped dramatically. Just a little closer. Almost there. 
His shadow curled around the corner before I saw his shoes. 
I whimpered, cowered back. Lean down here, Ethan. Make sure I’m okay. Look into my eyes when you hit that button again. 
He stood over me, silent. Waiting. 
I forced my limbs to tremble. Granted, all I really had to do was relax them, but still. He didn’t need to know that. 
He huffed a laugh. Hiked up his pant legs and crouched down. 
His fingers plowed through my hair as he jerked my head forward and forced it back at a sharp angle. “You should have stayed. You should have been better. You should have listened to me.”
I licked my lips. Wanted to make sure he heard my words clearly. I opened my mouth. 
He shook his head. “Tsk, tsk, Willow. I’m in charge. You will be my next subject. But the avenue of research has changed. I’m more interested in the body’s ability to withstand tremendous pain. What it does to the mind.” He slid the back of his other hand down my face. 
He had the controller palmed. 
A fierce jolt of joy shot through me. 
“Your mind has been honed in the flames of earlier research. I had no idea I was training you. Molding you into my greatest experiment.” He leaned forward, his eyes closing. 
He pursed his lips as if to kiss me. 
I shoved my fingers into his mouth, dropped the electrode. As quickly as I possibly could, I crimped my fingers around the hand that held the controller. 
His body danced as my soul delighted. 
I kept the button on the controller depressed as long as I possibly could. His involuntary muscle contractions were helping quite a bit, too. 
“That’s right, love,” I sneered the word. “You have been honing me, training me, molding me. But in the end, you are the experiment. Tell me, what does that excruciating pain feel like?”
His eyes widened as his lips pulled back to expose his teeth in a grimace. 
“On a scale of one to ten, how would you rate your pain?”
“What the fuck, cupcake?” Ryker said from behind me. 
Chapter 46 – Ryker 

I shook my head. “There’s no way,” I said again. Even as we passed underneath the canvas, I didn’t believe it. It had to have taken a fortune to go to these lengths of concealment. 
“Shut the fuck up or go back to the car,” Massimo said softly from behind me. 
I zipped my lips and pulled up the tracking data on the phone again. The solid blue dot was still in the same spot. “The phone is still here,” I whispered to Domenico. 
He nodded and pulled a gun from his waistband.
I rolled my eyes. Really? Wasn’t that just a little cliché, even for the mob? Amateurs. 
We continued in a single file line down bunker-like hallway. Where the fuck had Errington found an abandoned bunker? Why were there even bunkers in New York? Let alone in New Trenadie?
“Bossman, I think I found something,” Nik said over my earbud. 
I rolled my eyes. “Pretty sure we already found it. Send it to me. Encrypt it. Forget about it.” I could have sworn I heard her grinding her teeth. 
“Expect a lengthy conversation.” She hung up. 
I snagged the earbud and dropped it in my pocket. I winced as the action pulled on my stitches. I pushed the pain aside again. I could worry about myself when I had Willow in my arms. 
After a couples minutes of walking, Domenico came to a stop in a wide doorjamb. It looked like blast doors had resided here at some point, but there was no sign of them anymore. Nothing was as it seemed, I guess. 
We lined up against either wall. Guns were out and ready. Rafael even slapped a little one into my hands. “Don’t shoot her, yourself, or us.”
I rolled my eyes. These guys…man, break their trust once, never hear the end of it. I snorted mentally. They better get used to me being around. I was keeping Willow.  Forever and always. 
Massimo slid up to the front of the line, his steps made no noise whatsoever. Like the specter he probably was, he faded around the corner. We followed in silence. 
Twenty feet past the doors, we met another fucking odd sight. We were up on a catwalk of sorts. And down below…a massive portable maze. Bright lights lit the entire thing from one end of the room to the other. And it was roughly the size of a football field. 
Massimo stopped at the top of the stairs. When he turned back, he had a finger over his lips. 
We all nodded. 
Massimo pointed to his ear. Pointed to the maze. 
I held my breath as I listened. How the man heard anything over the pounding of the blood in his ears, I didn’t know. But that was a mystery for another time. 
 A man’s voice I recognized from that night in the hospital sounded from somewhere deep in the maze. “If you’d just done what I’d told you, expanded your mind, you could have saved them.”
That fucking jackhole was angling to get dead. Right now, I didn’t even fucking care which one of us did the deed as long as he failed to breathe Willow’s air ever again.
Willow’s voice rose in taunting challenge. “Just like my actions saved the last girl, right? You stabbed her through the head with a piece of metal, you sick fuck. No. You can try to defer blame as much as you want, but I know exactly who you are, Ethan. Poor little boy who didn’t fit in with his family.” 
My girl wasn’t down or out yet. She was poking the bear. Forcing him to acknowledge his own weaknesses. I knew the feeling. Good thing I wasn’t actually a psychopath.
Back and forth they bantered as we crept down the stairs at a snail’s pace. I wanted to bolt down them, crash through the walls that looked flimsy enough they wouldn’t stop a rat on downers.  “Boo hoo. He was too young, too smart to have friends in his classes.”
We each branched off into the maze at different points. We didn’t have time to wait for him to find her in this shitshow. We needed to find her, kill him. Get her to safety. 
“How did you end up this way?” Willow asked. I could hear the genuine curiosity in her voice. The true desire to understand. 
The doctor’s laugh was past the boundaries of sanity. “I’ve always been this way. My experiments have kept me company since I was twelve years old. No one understood me. No one bothered to reach out. To try to befriend me. If someone had, I wouldn’t be like this. It’s society’s fault for everything that I’ve done. It made me do it.” The man’s breath sobbed out before he cut off the sound. 
I understood that kind of isolation. That level of abandonment. But I hadn’t turned to the dark side because of it. At least not the go-kill-people dark side. 
“Sure, of course. If only smart people were treated better.”
I tuned them out. I couldn’t afford to get wrapped up in the drama that was unfolding. I just needed to find her. 
Unfortunately, his next words froze my heart where I stood. “I placed the electrode next to your femoral artery. If I press the button long enough, it could cauterize that nerve branch. How would you like that, Willow? Would that be a good enough experiment?”
As quickly as I was able, I started darting around corners. Sweeping each side of the hallway with my gun. I had to find her. Had to get that monstrosity out of her body. 
He can’t have her. Ever again. She was mine and I was going to make sure he couldn’t bother her. Steal her. Hurt her. 
I crossed a juncture point, blazed forward. Movement out of the corner of my eye drew my attention. I backed up. Winced at the strain on my body. I was going to get Willow and we were going to go rest and recover some place with no phones, no internet access, and no one else but personal medical staff. 
I crept down the short hallway where the movement had come from. Their voices were closer. Softer. “You should have stayed. You should have been better. You should have listened to me.”
Fury and searing pain lit up my belly. How could he blame it all on her?
You mean just like you did, asshole? my inner voice said. 
I flinched away from the truth. It might not have been in the exact same way, but I’d done the same thing. Pushed her away, punished her when she didn’t do what I thought she should. 
I’d make it up to her. I would. I would live at her feet if she’d let me. Treat her like the hero she was. 
Errington’s soft voice broke my internal torment. “Tsk, tsk, Willow. I’m in charge. You will be my next subject. But the avenue of research has changed. I’m more interested in the body’s ability to withstand tremendous pain. What it does to the mind.” 
I eased around the last corner, my gun up and leveled at the back of his head. I exhaled slowly as I sighted down the barrel of the gun.
“Your mind has been honed in the flames of earlier research. I had no idea I was training you. Molding you into my greatest experiment.” 
He leaned forward, ruined my shot when he bent down to her face. I pulled the gun upright, end of the barrel now pointed at the ceiling. I couldn’t risk her. Not this close to finding her. Not this close to saving her. Saving myself. 
His body jerked as she pushed him away. Her hand caught his, her fingers a vise around his free hand. As I watched, his body began dancing and jerking. Twitching so hard his bones probably shook together. 
Her tone was venomous when she said, “That’s right, love. You have been honing me, training me, molding me. But in the end, you are the experiment. Tell me, what does that excruciating pain feel like?”
Part of my heart broke to hear her words. To understand. But the other part of me rejoiced. She’d saved herself. My Willow didn’t need anyone. 
Not even me. 
“On a scale of one to ten, how would you rate your pain?” Willow asked as the doctor’s body continued to dance near her feet.
“What the fuck, cupcake?” I said. 
She looked up at me, her face bone white, beads of sweat forming on her brow and upper lip. “You found me. You’re here.”
I nodded. I eased down to my knees beside her. “You’re amazing.” I reached for her hand. Wanted to rip it away from his. 
She pulled back. “I can’t let go. The electrode is in his mouth. If I let go of his hand, he could get me.” She shook her head, her sage eyes wide with fear. “I have to get away, Ry. I can’t stay here.”
I tugged her head to me. Eased her face into my shoulder. Lifting my gun, I shot Ethan Embry Errington in the head. 
“He can’t hurt you anymore, cupcake. Not ever again.” I pulled her hand from his, pushed it from her skin. “Never.”
She catapulted herself into my arms as the Amatucci brothers sent up enough yells to raise the man from the dead. 
We crashed through the wall behind me. As my head bounced off the cement floor, I looked up just in time to see Rafael pull his gun up and shoot at the ceiling. “Fuck, Penn.”
I shook my head, my gun forgotten as I pulled Willow’s trembling body into my arms. “Are you hurt?” I asked her, my lips against her ear. 
She was trembling so bad, I couldn’t get anything more than sobs as an answer. 
“Rafael, check her over,” I said as my vision went a little bright and hazy. “Her leg feels like it’s wet.” I tried to turn us over, but the stab wound in my side decided I’d done enough for the day. 
Rafael pulled her from my arms. Or tried to. She shook her head as her arms turned to steel against my neck. 
“I had to get it out. He was using it against me. I had to get it out. Don’t be mad. Please don’t be mad. I didn’t mean to do it. Please don’t be mad. I had to. I had to,” she mumbled against my chest. “Don’t let them drug me.” She pulled back, her eyes going glassy with shock. “Promise you won’t let them drug me.” 
“I promise, cupcake. I promise. Let me see, okay? Let me see. I’ll make it all better. No one will be mad at you. Not anyone. Let me see it.” I murmured it over and over as her arms gradually went limp around me. 
I barely caught her as her body went slack. Easing her down against the floor, I sucked in a breath as I saw the blood soaked pants on her right leg. “Rafe,” I said, not caring that I hadn’t been given permission to use his family name. 
“I see it. Give me your belt. Now,” he barked as he ripped her pants down her legs. 
“Where the fuck is everyone? Is she okay?” Domenico shouted. 
“Call for an ambulance, Nico. She’s going to need a transfusion and surgery immediately.”
“Good Shepherd,” I shouted as I lifted my hips to unthread my belt. I thrust it into Rafe’s hands. “Tell me what to do.”
“Push down here. Hard. Harder than you think you need to.” He placed my hands into the bend of her body. 
I got up on my knees, fisted my hands where he’d told me to. I pushed so hard, I felt like I was going to meet the cement floor on the other side of her body. “Is too much just as bad?”
He shook his head. “Not right now. We can’t move her without stabilizing the wound.” He looped the belt around her lower thigh, cinched it tight. “I’m coming at you. Get out of my way, but as soon as I pass your hands, put the pressure back on. Understand.”
“Yes. Do it.” Just like we’d worked together to save her with CPR, we worked together now to keep whatever blood we could inside her body. 
“Coming at you,” he announced. 
I felt him bump into my hands. I lifted them away for a brief second, watching him pull the belt up against her groin and tighten that sucker for all he was worth. 
“What now? Do I keep the pressure on?”
“No, back up. I need to move her.”
The automatic denial pushed at my lips, but I knew I would never be able to carry her out of here. Not in the shape I was in. I stepped aside and forced myself back to my feet. 
I looked up at the ceiling, spied the catwalk up and to the left. “Follow me.” I got a good head start and rushed towards the wall that stood between Willow and the ambulance. I plowed through the makeshift walls.
Rafe’s chuckle was strained as he followed behind me. “Keep going, Kool-Aid man. Find the Penn-sized holes. We’re headed topside,” he shouted over his shoulder. 
“And hurry the fuck up. I’m going to need some help to get through the rest of these walls,” I added. 
Just as I was gearing up for the next barrier, Turo and Domenico shot by me and took down the next wall. Massimo shot past them. We became a rotating battering ram to get our girl out of this hellhole. 
The stairs were the worst, but I got my ass up them. Sweat poured down my face as the literal stitch in my side stole my breath with every rise. Air billowed in and out of my lungs as I struggled to get enough air. 
It was Massimo who pushed me on. Forced me to keep putting one foot in front of the other. Helped me up the second set of steps out of the bunker. It was Massimo who shoved me at a medic as he lifted the keys from my pocket. “See you at Good Shepherd.”
I nodded as I collapsed against the gurney. 
The last thing I remember was an oxygen mask sliding over my face. 
Chapter 47 – Willow 

I blinked away the cobwebs as that familiar awful feeling stole through my body. 
“Hey, just so you know, they had to drug you to do the surgery. It went fine, you’re back and off the sedatives. You’ve been clean for the last eight hours,” Ryker said in a rushed voice. 
I felt tears flood my eyes at seeing him. “I’m so pissed at you. But you’re what got me through.” I grabbed the neckline of his shirt and yanked his face down to mine. 
I assaulted his mouth with my own. Plundered his lips, pillaged his tongue. I took possession and I took it hard. When my body started to whine for air, I pushed him back. 
“That’s how you kiss me from now on, asshole.”


**

Willow and Ryker story continues in
His Love is Pain
Releasing September 2020

**

Could you do me a huge favor? If you like Willow and Ryker’s story, could you go leave me a review on Amazon or BookBub? Reviews help indie authors in a ton of ways, the least of which is telling other readers that you enjoyed the book. 
Much love,
Sadie J
About the Author
Born and raised in Tornado Alley, Sadie Jacks has experience with the BDSM community, reading way too many sexy-times books, and has an unhealthy addiction to Dr. Pepper. given up her beloved Dr. Pepper. She’s trying to get in shape for her 40th birthday…in four years. And yeah, it’s probably going to take that long to do it. 

Connect with her on social media!
Facebook (@sadiejacksauthor)
Join her reader’s group, (www.facebook.com/groups/sadies.seekers/)
Bookbub (https://www.bookbub.com/profile/sadie-jacks)

