Chase and Seduction
Hot Country Series, Book 1
by
Randi Alexander
“CHASE AND SEDUCTION”
Hot Country Series, Book 1
Original Printing 2011
Revised Version Copyright © 2021 Randi Alexander
*~*~*~*
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to place of purchase and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by an information storage and retrieval system-except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review to be printed in a magazine, newspaper, or on the web -without permission in writing from the author.
Chapter One
Chase Tanner called her name from the stage. “Reno, c’mon up here, doll.” The speakers amplified his low baritone through the sound stage as his percussionist started a drum-roll. The other seventy-five partiers clapped and woo-hooed her.
She had no choice. Reno Linden took a fortifying breath and carried her red plastic beer cup with her to the stairs. As she climbed, she found herself looking directly at Chase’s well-aged cowboy boots. Then slowly up his long, jean-clad legs until her gaze caught on his zipper, the worn denim molding around his impressive bulge. She swallowed hard.
He held out his hand.
With only a second of hesitation, she laid her hand in his and felt that instant jolt of electricity she’d gotten every time she touched him over the last four months of filming.
She looked up into his eyes. Despite being shaded by his cowboy hat, they shone a murky blue that made her want to dive in headfirst. Damn, he was good looking. Not too tall, slightly crooked nose, and full lips. Oh great, now his smile broke through. A thousand watts of sexy that zapped through her whole body.
“Come and say something to the folks. You’re the reason we’re all here.” His trademark Southern drawl was less pronounced when he wasn’t talking into a microphone.
She nodded and let him help her up the last steps. Five years ago, speaking in front of a group would have scared her spitless. Since becoming a published author and learning to face an audience by sheer force of will at book signings and conventions, it had become as easy as falling off a stage.
With her hand in that of the man she’d been fantasizing about for two years, Reno walked up to the microphone. She slid her fingers out of his grip on the pretext of needing to tip the mic down to her level. “Can you believe it’s in the can?”
The crowd cheered.
Filming ended yesterday. She looked out at the faces of the people she’d come to consider friends. Actors, producers, set designers, directors. She would miss them, and a little nip of sadness stung her. “I began writing Prairie Fire when I was just eight. It was a game we’d play, running through the wheat fields of South Dakota. Someone would yell ‘prairie fire,’ and we’d all head for the root cellar.”
Chase came to stand just off to her right, and the piney scent of his cologne snuck into her nose. Her entire right side tingled with desire as his magnetism raised goosebumps on her flesh. She rubbed her palm on her floral shorts, her technique for relaxing herself. Tonight’s wrap party was tropical-themed, and she wore a pink T-shirt and matching flip-flops. Chase had traded his usual black muscle shirt for a bright Hawaiian shirt. She glanced back at him, and her train of thought switched to a much more sensual track.
His smile lifted just one side of his mouth while his eyes locked on her, smoldering, half-lidded, seductive.
“Um…” Taking a deep breath, she pulled her thoughts together and moved closer to the mic. “When I finished the book three years ago, I had no idea that one day I’d be privileged to witness its transformation into next year’s….” She grinned. “Oscar winner!”
The group broke loose, shouting and hooting.
Chase stepped closer and rested his hand on her lower back.
He may have meant it to be reassuring, but it lit a sexual flare that spread through her body, centering low in her pussy. She didn’t dare look at him, or she might just go up in flames. She needed to wrap this up and get the hell away from him.
“I can’t seem to say it enough, but thanks to each of you. You made this experience unforgettable.”
Someone called, “We love you, Reno!”
Chase’s hand rubbed a circle across her spine. “Uh-huh, we do.” His deep voice vibrated as his warm breath caressed her neck.
She stepped to her left, away from him, swiveling the mic with her. “I’ll turn it back to our Country Music Male Vocalist of the Year-turned-actor, and the best bouncer the Prairie Fire Bar and Grill ever had, Chase Tanner.”
The crowd went wild as she took a step toward the stairs.
Chase grabbed her around the waist and pulled her back against his side. He took the mic. “Reno Linden, everybody!” As the crowd cheered, his hand rode her hip, then eased up her ribs and brushed the side of her breast.
Her smile froze as his touch shot quivers from her nipples straight to her clit. She pulled away and made the mistake of glancing up into his face.
He winked at her. “Later.” The look in his eyes was utterly wicked, and she turned and scampered down the stairs. Her heart thudded, and her face felt hot. Oh God, she knew exactly what he meant by “later.” Now that filming was over, he wanted her. Heaven help her; she didn’t know if she could find the willpower to resist him.
The crowd quieted, and Chase’s voice rumbled over the sound system, low and intimate. “Miss Reno, this is dedicated to you, our favorite author.” The band started a slow song.
Reno walked on jittery legs to where her friends stood chatting, deep in discussion. She took a good-sized gulp of lukewarm beer, seeking the calming buzz of alcohol. She glanced back toward the stage where Chase pulled an acoustic guitar strap around his shoulder, his biceps flexing, his forearms bulging. Damn, that man made her hot. She looked away.
It wasn’t just his body and his looks that sideswiped her, but his personality. A world-famous performer with an aw-shucks attitude and the smarts to guide his own career. He had a major thing for her, too. He’d been trying to get her alone for months, and she’d industriously found ways to avoid it.
Beatrix, the crew’s gaffer, nudged Reno’s arm with her elbow. “Great speech. I bet it was tough to put words together with that sexy stud breathing in your ear.”
Reno shrugged, but her breasts tightened at the memory of his warm breath on her neck. “He’s not my type.”
Tracy Hartman, one of the supporting actresses and Reno’s new best friend, laughed and pointed at her. “He’s exactly your type. He’s gorgeous, single, and can’t leave you alone for a minute. Why aren’t you going for it?”
She’d been hearing the same thing from these two for months. Just have a quick, hot fling. Get him out of your system. He’s supposed to be a fantastic lover. One night with him, and if you don’t have the big ‘O,’ just tell him you’re through.
Reno unconsciously tucked her shoulder-length brown hair behind her ear. The same way Chase had two days ago when he caught her alone out behind the sound stage. She’d thought he was going to kiss her then, and excitement had warred with panic. But self-preservation kicked in, and she’d used her preferred diversion, pulling her phone out of her pocket and pretending to take a call.
On the stage, Chase started singing a twangy ballad while picking out the notes on his guitar. “She’s the one I’ve been looking for. She’s the light behind that hidden door. Can’t figure out where she’s been all my life, but I don’t wanna be without her anymore….”
The words were too romantic and the implication too obvious. People turned to look at her, seeing if she’d react. She finished her beer and smiled back at them, carefully displaying only calm, casual, and unaffected. Inside, her whole body tensed as she felt Chase’s eyes on her. Anticipation made her blood pump crazily through her veins.
“New song. Huh?” Tracy purred the words. “Wonder who he wrote it for?” She winked, and her bright green eyes twinkled.
Reno would love to deny it, but her friend was right. It was meant for her. The words were a running narration of their first meeting and every interaction they’d shared since. She’d pushed him away, had kept him at arm’s length, let him know they were just friends. Why wouldn’t he leave her alone?
Because she was fascinated with him, and he knew it. She should have said “no” the first time he asked to sit with her at the commissary. She could have refused all those times he offered to drive her back to their hotel after a long day of shooting. So, why hadn’t she?
She just plain enjoyed spending time with him. He was an incredibly talented, intelligent, and kind man. She’d never met anyone like him.
The song ended, and the crowd applauded and cheered.
Risking a glance at the stage, she blushed when Chase tipped his hat to her. She turned away. Damn. She wasn’t looking for a quickie, and he wasn’t looking for a relationship. She’d seen the tabloids. He went through women faster than he went through guitar picks. She didn’t care how fantastic a lover he was. There were things she just didn’t do, and a sexual hookup was one of them.
Absolutely. Positively. No. She snuck another look at him.
Beatrix took her cup. “Another beer?”
She blinked a few times to clear her thoughts. “Yeah, sure.”
Her friend smiled. “Then I want to hear what your reason is today for not pouncing on that big hunk of a man and sexing him into a coma.”
Reno grabbed her cup back. “Then I don’t want another beer, thank you.”
Beatrix laughed, took the cup, and strolled off.
Chase’s band started playing his number-one hit, a song about a woman with an impressive backside. Reno smiled. This one could also have been written about her.
Chase set his guitar on a stand behind him. “Yee-haw!” People shouted back and lined up to do the dance made famous by his music video.
The song rocked, and she found herself wiggling to the beat.
Tracy flipped her gorgeous blonde hair over her shoulder. “Have you decided how long you’re staying in California?”
“Two more days. I have a few things to finish up.”
“Then you’re going back to frigid South Dakota?” She sipped her beer, her long, lean body looking like she rarely imbibed in anything so decadent.
Reno nodded. “I haven’t been home in six weeks. My brother plows out the driveway once a week to water my plants and make sure no one has broken in—”
Tracy’s mouth dropped open. “Are you that remote?”
She had to smile. “Yes. It’s a long way from civilization.” She touched her friend’s arm. “I’d love for you to come and visit. Anytime you want to get away from LA. The house is on the edge of the woods and overlooks miles of wheat fields that my family farms.” But now, in mid-winter, there would be three feet of snow on the ground and no one around to bother her. Over the last few days, she’d been trying to finalize the curriculum for her adult education class this spring, but her schedule on the movie set took up nearly every waking hour.
She listened to the band for a minute, watching the crowd acting wild. “I’ve really enjoyed LA, but I can’t wait to have a little peace and quiet.”
“You know I’m going to miss you when….” Tracy’s eyes opened wide as she looked over Reno’s shoulder.
Reno sensed his presence before he got close.
“She’s got the curves, and I got the nerve, to take her for my own.” Chase sang, coming up behind her.
She started to turn, but he grabbed her around the waist and pressed himself against her ample backside, swaying them both to the music. His chest felt rock-hard against her back, and his big arm pressed up against the bottom of her breast. His hips ground into her butt.
Too many people were staring, nudging each other, and grinning. Breathless from the embarrassment, her head started to spin. Weak woman that she was, she shook with a burst of lust that burned low in her belly. God, how she wanted this man. He was pure temptation, and her hands itched to grab his thighs and give him a wicked grinding in return.
She snapped back to reality and stiffened her body against her own response.
He was coming on strong. Strong enough to make her wish she could get her friggin’ moral compass to point another direction, just for one naughty night.
The band’s lead guitarist started a blaring, wailing solo on stage, which drew people’s attention away from her. Chase bent his head, and his breath warmed her ear. “My trailer. Ten minutes.” He released her, and his booted steps faded as he headed back to the stage.
She nearly fell backward. His trailer. Alone with him. A chill of desire shuddered through her, puckering her nipples into tight points and forcing blood down low to swell her tingling, needy lips. She wanted to lie on his bed and watch him kiss a path down her body, settling between her legs, his cowboy hat brushing her thighs as his tongue flicked…
“Oh no you don’t.” She spoke the words to herself. What was she thinking? If she had a car here, she’d leave the party right now. How else could she avoid temptation?
Beatrix came back with their beer. “Your face is as red as this cup. What did I miss?”
Tracy beamed. “Chase stopped by for a visit.”
“Oooh.” Beatrix moved closer. “What did he say?”
Reno shook her head and took her beer. “Nothing. He was just working the crowd.”
Tracy leaned closer. “Reno, I saw his lips moving. What did he say?”
She shot her a warning look. “He asked why I hang out with such annoying women.”
Beatrix and Tracy laughed. “Did he give you his room number?” Tracy wiggled her eyebrows.
Reno rolled her eyes, anxious to end this conversation. She sipped her beer, looking at the stage where Chase finished the set with some wild gyrations and jumps.
“Thank you.” He tipped his hat to the cheering crowd, and the band took a bow while their sound guy put in a CD.
Chase left the stage and disappeared through the door leading to the next sound stage where the actors’ trailers were housed. Where he’d be waiting for her to join him.
She looked at her friends, desperately needing a distraction to keep her from thinking about him. But they were both grinning.
“You liiiiike him,” Beatrix sang.
Reno stared down into her foamy beer. Yeah, she did like him. Too much. She could easily fall for him and start dreaming of a happy ever after. But she was a farm-raised, small-town girl. A man like Chase would use her up and stomp on her self-esteem like two thousand pounds of Brahma bull.
Right then, she resolved to ignore him, pretend she wasn’t horny for him. She’d convince herself she didn’t want to run after him, pin him to the bed in his trailer, and ride reverse cowgirl on him all night… Damn it, these two matchmakers weren’t going to help her get her mind off him.
She smiled. “I should say hello to James. I’ll see you later.” She stepped away to join another group of partiers who waved her over.
Standing in the circle of directors, producers, and studio executives, she gritted her teeth and set her backbone. She could do this. She could easily disregard her body’s cry to answer Chase’s summons. At five minutes, she’d already checked her watch eight times. At ten minutes, her hands began to sweat, and people asked if she was okay. At twenty minutes, she started shaking, and someone brought her a bottle of water. When thirty minutes hit, her stomach felt hollow and her heart…broken?
Reno imagined Chase sitting in his trailer waiting for her. He would have taken those first ten minutes and cleaned himself up a little, straightened his place, maybe lit a candle, or opened a bottle of wine. He’d check the door every few minutes, hoping to see her.
She sensed something good in him. All those long talks, sharing their life stories, discussing their plans for the future. She’d grown to appreciate him as a friend. Her lip quivered when she thought of him in his trailer alone, waiting for a woman who would never show up.
She didn’t want to hurt him. “Crap!” Her cuss interrupted the director’s story. Everyone looked at her. “Sorry, um, my phone startled me. Excuse me.” She pulled her phone from her pocket and used it as an excuse to get away.
Reno did that often, maybe too often, but underneath it all, she was still just a quiet, country girl. When things overwhelmed her—like a country music superstar getting too serious—she’d pull out her phone and excuse herself.
Maybe she should call Mitzi and get some moral support for her weakening resolve. What time was it in South Dakota? Late, but she dialed anyway. Mitzi didn’t mind late-night calls if it involved Reno telling her stories about LA so Mitzi could ooh and aah over them.
The phone rang once, and her friend picked up. “Hi! What glamorous thing are you doing right now?”
Reno sighed and put a finger in her other ear. “Trying to keep myself from doing something really stupid.”
“Hon, you’re only there for another couple days. Do something stupid. Do it twice!”
She laughed but had a hard time hearing her friend over the noise. She wound her way to the door and pushed it open. A storm had moved it, and rain poured down as lightning zip-lined across the sky. She closed it and slid through a door into the next studio. Where his trailer sat among a dozen others at the far end, only about a football field away but a whole lot further than she was willing to go.
“You know me and my moral compass.” The truth was, she already felt too attached to the cowboy. One night with him might tip her over the edge into an emotional whirlpool that would spin her heart out of control. Better to push away now than risk being hurt. Again.
“Forget that damn compass. You’ll only get one—”
“I know, Mitz, but this is something I have to work out for myself.” She hated to sound rude, but she and her friend had very different viewpoints on casual sex.
“Is it because of Drake?”
Reno stopped as surprise chilled her. She hadn’t really thought of her ex-boyfriend since filming started. Was she avoiding Chase because of Drake? “No. This guy’s nothing like that ass.” Chase wasn’t controlling, manipulative, or self-serving. Drake had been all three, and she was lucky to have gotten out of her relationship with the self-proclaimed “literary Phoenix” before he’d steered her career the wrong way down a one-way tunnel.
“Good. You need to find a man who’ll love you for the wonderful, sweet woman you are.”
Reno smiled sadly. “You are too good for my ego.” She took a breath and searched for a new topic. “How’s everything back there?”
Reno heard a catch in her friend’s breath. “I didn’t want to tell you this until you got home, but I guess you should know—Jane lost the baby.”
“Oh no. What happened?” Reno strolled along the wall.
Mitzi went into detail about the miscarriage.
“I’m glad you told me, Mitz. I was going to call her tomorrow.” Reno stopped. She was too damn close to the trailers. She should turn around…
Was that smoke?
Chase’s trailer, fronted by lawn furniture set on a piece of artificial grass, glowed with a long string of tiki lights running along the top. The trailer door stood open, and small puffs of smoke curled up out of the trailer.
“Oh, God!”
Chapter Two
Reno jogged toward Chase’s trailer. Had the candle she’d visualized him lighting caught the drapes on fire? “Mitzi, I’ve got to call you back—”
“Is everything all right?”
Reno skidded to a halt at the trailer door, her cell phone at her ear.
Chase sat in an upholstered chair, smoking a thick cigar, one booted foot resting on the opposite knee. His hat sat in the middle of the end table next to the still-lit candle.
Taking deep breaths, she calmed her racing heart. She stared at the rare sight of his wavy auburn hair. God, how she wanted to touch it, touch him—all over, all night. A shiver of desire trickled through her.
His gaze pierced her. “Doll, you’re a bit late.” His voice rumbled.
“Reno! What’s going on?” Her friend’s words bellowed from her phone.
“I’m fine, Mitzi. False alarm. I’ll call you tomorrow.” She hung up, stuck her phone in her pocket, and backed up a step. How was she going to get out of this?
“Whoa there, Miss Reno. You’re going the wrong way.” He set his cigar in the crystal ashtray, planted his feet flat on the floor, and leaned his elbows on his thighs. “Come on in.” Those beautiful blue eyes of his seemed so welcoming.
“I…I don’t mean to be here. I mean, I saw the smoke.”
He grinned. “You came to save me?”
“Yeah. No. I’m…” Scared? Horny? Jumpy? Tempted?
“Confused?”
“Yes!” What a relief. He understood her. Evidently, during all the talks they’d shared, he’d been listening.
“I’ll admit, I’m puzzled, too.” His eyes narrowed. “There’s this crazy-strong pull between us, and I want to see where it goes.”
He was right. There was something burning between them...besides the smelly cigar. Was it a flame that would smolder out after one night? She dropped her head and scuffed the turf with her sandal. It might burn out for him, but probably not for her.
“Reno.” He waited until she met his gaze. “I didn’t think you were coming.” His voice quieted, and his eyes showed concern. “And you wouldn’t be here right now if you didn’t think I was trapped in a burning trailer, right?”
Had she been subconsciously working her way over here while she was on the phone? “I don’t know.” She looked at his handsome face. Would it be so terrible to spend a little private time with him? She could guard her heart, keep herself from falling soul-deep for this cowboy. “Maybe I just move a lot slower than you do.”
His eyebrows lifted, and a smile curled his lips. “Listen, it’s been a real ball-buster for me, too. There’s something goin’ on with us. Every time I see you, and damn it, when I touch you, it’s—”
“Chase, wait. I think you’re reading more into this than you should.” Her voice quavered slightly, and she firmed her resolve. “You know the type of person I am. I’m not interested in one night, and you’re not the type to offer more.” So there they were, staring at each other, waiting for the other to make a concession.
He jerked his head. “You still think I….” He ran a hand through his hair. “Aw hell, you aren’t coming in, are you.”
“I don’t think I should.” What she should do was back up a step, then another, then turn and run as if prairie fire licked at her heels. What she wanted, though, was just a few more minutes with him. To soak him in and let his desire fill every inch of her.
“Just…come and sit with me. Have a beer. Let’s talk.”
No. If she stepped foot in that trailer, she’d become a victim of her own lust, and neither of them would be coming out until they did everything she’d been dreaming of. Her voice wouldn’t work, so she shook her head.
He must have recognized the wistfulness in her eyes because he stood and walked to the edge of the two steps leading into his RV. “Reno, I can be a gentleman.” He put one booted foot on the step and reached out his hand.
Mitzi’s voice echoed in her head—Do it. Do it twice. She wasn’t that brave. She glanced up at him, and in an instant…
Everything changed.
His brow furrowed, his jaw clenched, and he stood frozen, waiting for her decision. The look in his eyes startled her: pleading, unsure. It darn near charmed the shorts off her. It drew her in completely, made her breath catch in her throat and her blood run hot. He didn’t just want her, he needed her.
Maybe she’d misjudged him. She just assumed from the movie set gossip that he was wild, but she hadn’t seen him with any women on the studio lot, or at their hotel, or at any of the parties. He’d been attentive only to her. Oh God, was he falling for her, just as she’d already fallen for him?
She stepped forward and put her hand in his. Lightning shot up her arm and all the way down into her pussy as she let him tug her up the steps and into his life.
He stood close to her, holding her hand, tipping his head down to look into her eyes. “That first step is always the hardest.”
She broke eye contact to keep herself from giving in to the temptation to run straight into his arms and kiss him senseless. Looking around at the cozy trailer, she smiled. He had neatened up. A messy stack of papers hidden behind a chair, his boots lined up against the wall like soldiers at attention.
“Beer?” He gestured toward the tiny kitchen.
She’d ingested enough alcohol tonight. “No, thank you.” Glancing at the seating options, she turned to the chair opposite his. When she tried to pull her hand from his, he held on and picked up a crystal glass of clear liquid.
“Here.” He offered it to her. “Tequila. Just to take the edge off.”
“No, no.” Her lip curled. “I haven’t done that bad stuff since I was a kid.”
“Well, Miss Reno, I got some news for you.” He winked. “I’m still a kid.”
She looked away. Yes, he was a kid. He was also rich, famous, and spoiled. A hazardous combination.
Chase held out the glass. “One sip, just to make me think I’m not the only immature thirty-year-old in LA.”
She smiled even though he reminded her of the bad boy who’d talked her into doing her first tequila shots in high school. “I’m only twenty-eight.”
He laughed, his deep voice rumbling out of his big chest.
She scanned his face. “You’re thirty?”
He nodded. “I’m older than I look….” His Southern accent flowed thick again. “’Cause, when I was a kid, every time I did somethin’ wrong, momma would knock me into next week.”
She grinned, unable to resist his charm. “Cute.”
Chase shook the glass. “Let’s get you loosened up a bit.”
She stared at the clear liquid, bit her lower lip, and shrugged. Oh why not. She wasn’t driving tonight, and one taste wouldn’t affect her much.
Reno sipped cautiously. It wasn’t as rough on her throat as it had been in high school, and she took a few more swallows. Good God, what the heck was she doing? Standing in Chase’s trailer drinking tequila. The unreality of the situation made her dizzy. He was such a bad influence on her.
He took the glass, finished the tequila in one gulp, and set the empty on the table. “That wasn’t too terrible, was it?”
The last swallow went down wrong, and she croaked, “No.” Her eyes watered, and she squinted as she cleared her throat.
Chase laughed then sobered. His fingers slid under her hair, caressing her neck softly. “You are a beautiful woman.”
She’d often been called “beautiful-but-healthy,” which referred to those extra forty pounds that made the difference between being a model and being just plain Reno Linden. But she was comfortable with that. Mostly.
He ran his fingers slowly up the back of her head. “Your hair is like satin. And I’ve never seen eyes that color. Amber.”
She tried to keep from grinning. “Reno.”
He laughed. “No, your eyes are amber.” Seconds slipped by before he tipped his head and brushed his lips over hers.
She closed her eyes and parted her lips to breathe in his essence. Tingles raced through her and her insides heated.
With a groan, his arm came around her waist, and he pulled her closer. His tongue danced with hers, the unexpectedly sweet taste of tequila and tobacco making her hungry for more of him. This was so much more overpowering than she’d ever expected, ever known.
Chase ended the kiss, then pressed his lips to her temple and began swaying them in a slow dance. “You’re the one I’ve been looking for.” He sang quietly. “You’re the light behind that hidden door. Can’t figure out where you’ve been all my life, but I don’t wanna be without you anymore.”
Something melted inside her as he sang the song he’d dedicated to her from the stage. This was where she belonged, in his arms, where she fit perfectly. A lost puzzle piece, at last finding its place.
“Look at me.” He nearly whispered it.
She tipped her head. The tequila spread warmth from her belly, sending a dizzy, loosening-up effect to her brain. The strange sensation of being in someone else’s body grew stronger, and she breathed deeply to clear her head.
He stared at her, searched her face, then focused on her eyes, taking in her response to the tequila.
Her response was…too honest. “I like looking at you.”
His lips curved into a slight smile. “Yeah?”
His face was so close, she couldn’t resist. She lifted her arm, which felt like a hundred pounds, and touched her fingers to his cheek. “Chase, you’re so handsome.”
“I know.” His chuckle shook his chest. “Everyone knows. I was one of last year’s top ten sexiest men in the world, remember?”
Remember? How could she forget? She’d seen his face in the magazine as they were casting the movie and suggested Chase to the director. He’d dismissed her idea at first, but after she did research and sent him videos of Chase being interviewed by late-night talk show hosts and his guest appearance on a live comedy show, he’d agreed to give him a screen test. They’d offered him the role on the spot. “But your nose is crooked.” She ran a finger up onto the bridge of it.
“Really?” He looked down at his nose, cross-eyed. “Should I get it fixed while I’m here in LA?”
“No. Don’t you dare. I love it just the way it is.” Love? Crap, that liquor put her over her limit, but what a sweet intoxication.
She pressed against him, her breasts to his hard chest, her stomach to his stiff cock. Every inch of her slit quivered for him, wanting his big shaft sliding in, stretching and filling her. Her finger trailed slowly down his nose to his upper lip, which bristled with a day’s growth of mustache.
He opened his mouth and took her finger in, his teeth gently biting the first knuckle as his tongue tickled up and down on the pad. Wrapping his lips around her finger, he sucked, keeping up the tongue action.
Reno closed her eyes and vibrated with the desire exploding inside her. She wanted that mouth on her breasts, on her clit.
As if he read her mind, he released her finger and bent his head to her breast, nibbling at her hard nipple. Even through layers of clothes, it sent wicked flashes of lust straight to her cunt.
“Mmm.” She licked her lips, tasting him on her. “Chase, what are we doing?”
“You can tell me to stop,” he growled. “But it’ll kill me.” He grabbed her hand and pressed it to the zipper of his jeans. “I want you so goddamn bad.”
Boldly squeezing his hard erection, she let a whimper escape her throat. Big and long, the heat of his cock warmed her palm through the soft denim.
He groaned. “It’s gonna happen. Right now, baby.”
She looked at him for a minute, losing herself in the dark passion in his eyes. Fisting her hand in his silky hair, she pulled him down to her and kissed him. Her tongue plunged in, twisting with his.
He took over, his lips slanting on hers, his breath hot and sweet as he explored every crevice of her mouth, teasing and caressing. His arms wrapped tightly, and he spread his feet apart so his hips could grind back and forth across her mound.
Her mind numbed to everything but the throbbing of her slit, the trickle of cream dripping from her opening onto her swollen lips, wetting her panties. She pulled his head back, still gripping his hair, and took huge breaths. “I’m drowning, Chase. Don’t let me go.”
“Reno.” His voice caught. “Never.” He walked her backward three steps and flattened her against the hard wall. His eyes bore into hers, his pupils dilated, making them look black, sensual, intense. He ran a hand up under her shirt, up to her breast. Her nipple grew rock hard as he teased it with his thumb, circling then squeezing it.
The pleasure ached, shivered down her belly, down low between her legs, making her cry out with the urgency of her need. He had to take her. Now. She couldn’t wait.
Chase tugged up her bra and fit her breast into his hand. “Oh baby, this is so fucking much better than I imagined.”
She stared at him, his face so close it seemed like a dream. Her voice seemed to come from far away. “Did you, Chase? Did you think about this? About making love to me?” She wanted to cry, for some insane reason—cry and hold on to him forever.
He gyrated his hips against her, hitting her clit through her clothes. “Yeah, I thought about this. Every time we talked, every time I saw you across a room.” He took her nipple between his finger and thumb again and caressed it. “And a hundred times a day when I could only see you in my mind.”
The ecstasy streaking from her breast to her pussy was outrageous. Sweet, heavenly contractions began, and she tipped up her hips to better feel his cock against her clit. The increased pressure flooded her pussy with heat as her climax neared.
“Reno.” He captured her mouth with his, demanding and driving, his need becoming frantic. He moved his hand from her breast to the waistband of her shorts and slid his fingers in, catching her lacy underwear with it.
Wanting to prolong her ecstasy, she pulled away from his kiss and caught her breath while she unbuttoned his shirt and yanked it open. Seeing his muscular pecs and abs, she lost all control and ran her hands over his hot, satiny skin, making circles with her fingers in the auburn hair lightly covering his chest. She leaned forward and bit him on the collarbone.
He cried out. “Oh yeah, baby, I like a little pain.”
She kissed the spot she’d just bitten. “And a little pleasure?” She’d never been so bold with a man. All her inhibitions had packed up and left.
He yanked her shorts and underwear down to the floor, then stood and cupped her pussy with his big hand. “A lot of pleasure.”
Her thigh muscles tightened, pushing his hand in closer, his calluses softly abrading her swollen flesh, kicking up her desire and sending her spinning.
His finger eased inside her slick folds, then deeper, up into her cunt. “Baby, you’re wet for me, aren’t you?”
The demanding penetration against her over-sensitized flesh started quivers in her core, squeezing against his finger.
His voice rolled deep and thick. “You’re so tight, I can only fit one—”
“More. Please.” Her body shook, so close to orgasm it made her woozy.
He pulled his finger out. “Aw goddamn, woman.” He eased a second finger in, stretching her opening.
Looking into his eyes, everything faded except the sensation of his fingers pumping into her, slowly pushing upward, touching her so intimately her heart double thumped. When he’d fit them completely inside, and his hand bumped against her swollen pussy lips, he growled, his teeth bared, his breath heavy.
“Reno.” He pulled his fingers out then sunk them deep into her, again and again.
She shuddered with each plunge and spasmed at each withdrawal until she couldn’t wait another second. Couldn’t hold herself back. “Now, Chase. Please.”
His thumb found her clit, rubbing, circling, bringing her higher. His other hand went to her breast and tweaked her nipple. He looked into her eyes. “Please what, Reno?”
“Please.” She could smell her own musky scent. “I’m close.”
His nostrils flared as he breathed in and out quickly. “I know you are. You’re so wet, my mouth is watering for a taste.” He flicked his tongue over her bottom lip, demonstrating what he intended to do to her clit.
“Later. Now, I need you to keep doing this.” Greedy for release, she pressed her hand on his, over her mound, and rubbed her clit shamelessly against his thumb.
“You want to come, baby? Say it. Say, ‘Make me come, Chase’.”
She loved how he dominated her, freeing her to just feel. “Make me come, Chase.” The words ground out, and the instant she said his name, all hell broke loose inside her. She spun into the stars, a cry leaving her throat as she shook uncontrollably. Powerful contractions squeezed deep in her core. A fast but amazing orgasm sent chills through her body while every inch of her skin tingled.
Rolling gently back to awareness, she opened her eyes and smiled at the astonished look on his face. “Chase. You are…” What was he? Talented? Amazing? Was her extreme orgasm the result of finally making love to the man she’d been fantasizing about for two years? Or was it just the tequila? “You are sinful.”
He grinned and eased his fingers from her pussy. Bringing them to his mouth, he stuck his middle finger in and sucked. “Mmm.”
A wave of desire swamped her. She whimpered, and her knees gave out.
He caught her, his hands on her ass. “And you, Reno, are mighty tasty.” He lifted her against him, she flung her arms over his shoulders, and he carried her toward the back room. “Now it’s my turn, baby, and after that, we’re gonna take turns. All night.”
She melted against him, loving the feeling of being completely overpowered by this strong, sexy man. Her shorts and panties caught on her flip-flops, and she fluttered her legs to let everything drop to the floor. Then they were in the bedroom, and he set her down, eased her to sit on the bed. She flopped back, completely boneless, her eyes closing in total euphoria.
“Baby, I’ve waited so long to get you in my bed.” He leaned over her and put his hands on the mattress on each side of her breasts. “I may never let you leave.” He kissed her, his lips brushing gently. “Reno,” he whispered against her mouth. “Can you stay awake for a couple more minutes?”
Wrapping her arms around his neck, she took the kiss higher, lapping his tongue with hers then sucking his into her mouth, showing him what she wanted to do to his hard cock. Smiling, she pulled back and looked into his eyes as she skimmed her bare legs up along his thighs to his hips. “Is this awake enough for you?”
He growled. “Reno, I’m gonna fuck you so goddamn hard, you’re gonna feel me all the way up to your tonsils.” He straightened, standing over her. “Get your clothes off. I’m gonna lock the door.” He strode out into the other room.
Her eyes narrowed. Get your clothes off? I’m going to f…She couldn’t even repeat the word. What happened to romantic and passionate and gentle? A chill coursed through her, this time caused by a sickening feeling she may have misjudged him. Crap, she’d just said the words, “making love,” and now he treated her like a hooker? She sat up, her head spun, and a sense of surreal paranoia took hold.
He came back in, tugging his shirt from his arms, and threw it on the floor.
His trademark vee chest and narrow abs made her mouth water, but was this just a hookup? Had she fallen into the oldest delusion in the world? Was she the woman who thought the man cared for her, but he only wanted a fast, hot night of sex?
“Baby, you’re still dressed? Come on, let’s get the party started.” He opened the drawer on his nightstand and pulled out a pack of condoms.
She looked into the drawer and was struck nauseous. Boxes and boxes of condoms—at least six different varieties from what she could see—filled the drawer. They were the big boxes too, giant economy size. Oh God, what had she done? She glanced up at him, tears filling her eyes, but he was busy ripping apart a six-pack of extra-sensitive. “No, please tell me this isn’t happening.”
Chapter Three
Chase froze halfway through tearing apart a pack of condoms. Seated on his bed, naked from the waist down, Reno stared up at him, her sweet, amber eyes watering. Was she crying?
She covered her face with her hands and moaned the most heartbreaking sound he’d ever heard.
Dragging himself out of the sexual frenzy he’d worked himself into, he tossed the condoms into the drawer and sat on his heels at her feet. “Baby, what’s wrong?” He put his hands on her bare thighs, but she flinched, so he set them beside her on the bed. “What’s going on? Talk to me.”
She dragged her hands down her face and covered her lips with her fingers. “This was a mistake.”
“C’mon Reno, relax. We’ll take it slow.” He was a fucking idiot. He was drunk, as horny as he’d ever been, and he’d turned from seducing her to talking dirty without realizing what he was doing—and who he was doing. His perfect Reno. Shit. He probably scared her half to death. “Baby, we’ll just—”
“We’re done!” Jumping up so fast, she knocked him back on his ass. She wobbled, and her head bobbled like she was going to faint, then she stumbled out of the room.
He scrambled to his feet and followed her. “Aw wait, baby—”
She glared at him over her shoulder. “Stop calling me ‘baby’ as if you don’t remember my name.” She stopped and bent over, trying to get her feet into her underwear. Sexy pink undies he hadn’t had time to appreciate. She looked up at him and sucked in a ragged breath. “As if I’m one of your groupies!”
“Groupies? What the hell are you talking about? I don’t have….” He’d really screwed up this time. He took his volume down a few notches. “Reno, you’ve had some to drink, and it’s making you overreact.” He put his hands on her arms. “Let’s sit down for a minute and talk—”
“Don’t!” She jerked away from his touch. “Don’t tell me I’m overreacting.” She tugged up her shorts and jammed her feet into her sandals. “I saw your impressive stock of condoms.” Her voice raised an octave, her face twisting into panic. “Is that enough for the month? Or would that only last you a week?”
Okay, her tantrum came from seeing the boxes that his drummer stuffed in his drawer as a joke months ago. He grinned. “Yeah, it’s not what you think. Just let me explain where—”
His smile seemed to set her off. “Don’t patronize me. I know the kind of life you lead. I read the tabloids.” She heaved out a shaky sigh.
He lost his breath, and his heart felt heavy. She read the tabloids? That was what she based her estimate of him on? All these months of talking to her, getting to know her, letting her into his thoughts, and instead of trusting him, she believed a fucking tabloid?
She stumbled to the door and unsuccessfully twisted the latch.
He couldn’t let her go like this. “Don’t leave, Reno. Let’s talk.” He gestured to the bedroom. “At least let me explain about the condoms—”
“Unlock the damn door.” Her voice cracked as she barely held herself together. “Please?” Her voice softened.
The pain radiating through him felt like he’d been gut-punched. She wouldn’t listen to him. She thought he was just another horny musician. Hadn’t he done enough over the last four months to show her who he was? Or was this just her way of keeping herself from getting involved, retreating back to her lonely life in South Dakota? He reached around her and unlocked the door, turned the handle, and swung it open. He wouldn’t force her to listen to his explanation, but he’d give it one last try. “Stay with me.”
She looked at him, confusion showing in her eyes at his quiet plea. “Chase, I…” She turned and ran down the stairs and across the sound stage, then out the door into the rain.
His chest hurt when he took a full breath. He stepped back and plopped into his chair. “What the hell?” How did he keep everything else in his life running smooth but completely fuck up the most important thing? Reno.
He stuck the cigar in his mouth, picked up his butane lighter, flipped open the cover, and spun the flint. The flame burned hot, and he sat watching it. Reno. Sexy woman. He looked down. Still hard as a rock for her. His body ached, his gut still tight and throbbing with desire.
The curly hair hiding her mound had come as an incredible surprise. All the women he knew were trimmed up or bare. The lips of her pussy were hot as lava and slick as cream. She’d come so fast, he was startled. Damn amazed. And her taste, goddamn, it was sweet and a little salty. He wanted to eat her for hours. Then fuck her for hours, then let her get a mouthful of him, then sleep and start it all over again. He’d planned on the whole weekend with her, but he’d screwed up in a major way.
“Fuck.” He relit the cigar and reached into the cabinet next to him for a glass and his bottle of bourbon. Booze. The only way to forget this shitty night. He grabbed the remote and turned on the TV. Another night alone. He might as well get used to it.
She’d been in his trailer, what, fifteen minutes? Yeah, it didn’t take long for a woman of Reno’s quality to see the kind of a man he was. Smart women figured him out quick. Didn’t he learn his lesson two years ago with Jorjia? Intelligent, gorgeous, showing him off to her friends. Then slamming him down hard, making him feel like shit for having no college degree and worse, no pedigree.
He didn’t think Reno was like that. Smart? Hell yeah. But not a snob. He poured the bourbon, picked up his glass, and swirled it, smelling the woody, caramel liquor, anticipating the oblivion it would bring.
He stared at the bottle. His dad was a drinker, back home in Kentucky. When money had been tight, Chase dropped out of high school and got a job working with his old man as a hand at a horse farm. They’d go out after work and drink their home state’s pride; oak-barrel-aged bourbon. And they’d keep drinking until his mom called the bartender and told him to send them home for supper.
That’s when his dad would tell him the story of the woman who got away. She was from blue blood, blue grass, and Thoroughbred horses. He was a laborer, building an addition on her parents’ horse barn. They fell in love anyway. She wanted to give it all up for him, and he wouldn’t let her. He left her and married the first woman who caught his eye.
Chase always said he’d never end up like his dad, married to a woman he didn’t love because he didn’t feel worthy of the woman he did love. Drinking to forget the past that haunted him.
He brought the glass to his lips and stopped. Reno. She was the best thing that ever happened to him. All their long talks at lunch and while they were sitting around the set. He’d trailed after her like a puppy. Everybody noticed and made smartass comments, but he didn’t give a damn. He liked her, maybe too much, but wasn’t that the way a man should find the one? Liking the girl first?
Now he’d gone and fucked it all up. Treated her bad and made her run. And she wouldn’t come back. Not the way he was. Nothing would change her mind. Unless… He sat up. If he could prove he was a gentleman? Could he convince her to give him another try?
Beautiful, intelligent, sexy Reno. She was worth fighting for.
He took a sip, and the bourbon scorched his throat. The scent of it brought his dad’s angry words back to him. The liquor had been strong on the old man’s breath when he’d ordered Chase to stop wasting time plucking at his guitar.
Fuck that shit. He’d proven his dad wrong, and he’d prove Reno wrong, too. He’d show her he was a good guy.
Chase set down his glass and re-corked the bottle. Picking up the cigar, he headed to the bedroom, reached under his bed, and hauled out his old acoustic guitar. He dug a cola out of the fridge and stepped out onto the “patio.” His old lawn chair creaked as he sat on it.
He tuned up and played the song he wrote for her. When him and the band played it tonight at the wrap party, she didn’t even look his way. “Hmm.” Maybe she didn’t know it was for her. Yeah, well, he would tell her. He’d tell her a hell of a lot more than that, too. Shit, to get another chance with her, he’d rip open his chest and show her his heart, figuratively.
“Miss Reno,” he said around the cigar between his teeth. “Run all you want, but you’re not gettin’ away from me that easy.”
****
Close to six the next evening, Reno dragged herself through the hotel lobby, up the elevator, and down the hall toward her suite. It had been a long day. Even though she’d slept through most of her spa treatments, mentally, she still hovered on shaky ground.
Chase had been on the guest list at the studio’s cocktail reception, but he didn’t show up. She was about eighty percent relieved and twenty percent disappointed. She wanted to talk to him, needed to apologize for her behavior.
She bit her lip. The burn of embarrassment gripped her belly again. He may not want to see her, and she couldn’t blame him. Crazy yelling woman, crying and spinning out of control. It had weighed heavily on her and distracted her from the party. People asked if she was all right, and Tracy stuck close to her, picking up the slack in the conversation. Eventually, her friend pulled her into the bathroom and grilled her while voicing concern. Reno just wasn’t ready to talk about it. She might never be. It was all so depressing.
She dug in her purse for her access card, pulled it out, and glanced down the hall. A man stood in a doorway about ten rooms away. Her breath squeezed out, and her heart beat double-time. Someone in a cowboy hat, jeans, and a black muscle shirt. It was her someone.
Her hands trembled, and she nearly dropped the room card.
Chase stepped out of his suite, and the door closed behind him. He strolled along the hallway and stopped close in front of her. “Will you take a drive with me?”
****
Chase watched Reno slip her room card into her purse. She looked at him for a couple seconds before opening her mouth. “I’d like to talk to you about—”
“Uh-uh.” He took her hand, tugging her along with him. “When we get back. I promise.”
“Where are we going? Am I dressed appropriately?” She opened her black coat.
He looked at her slinky red dress, down her long, naked legs to the black fuck-me pumps on her feet, and smiled. “Mmm-hmm.”
“Chase. You’re wearing jeans and a muscle shirt.”
“This is LA. No one will bat an eye.”
Her brow lifted, and she glared at him as she re-buttoned her coat.
“No, really.” He fought to keep from smiling. “You look fine.”
The evening sun warmed his bare arms as they stepped out of the front door of the hotel. The valet pulled up in the black convertible, and Chase helped Reno in, just as he had the few times he’d convinced her to let him drive her from the studio back to the hotel. No stopping for drinks, no cruising along the ocean. Not even an ice cream cone. It had been straight to the hotel like she was afraid of him or something. He slung into the red leather driver’s seat.
“Will you tell me where we’re going?” She shouted over the roar of the engine as he sprang into traffic.
He smiled at her as he shifted. “One of my favorite places.”
She waited, and when he didn’t say more, she sat back in the seat, quiet.
He’d like to know what she was thinking. He searched for something to say that wouldn’t bring up last night, but every question, every comment led back to his trailer. He settled on silence, too.
Fifteen minutes later, Chase pulled into the parking ramp of Children’s Hospital. His anxiety left him. This was the one place over the last four months where he felt like himself again and not like a Hollywood fake. He wanted to share that feeling with Reno.
He helped her out of the car. Her surprised expression calmed him further. She didn’t know this side of him. All she knew was the man in the tabloids and the man who’d been trying to seduce her for four months. Tonight, this was the real man.
He opened the trunk and took out his guitar case.
“Are you performing?”
“Not really. Just singing a few songs.” With his hand on her lower back, he led her to the lobby desk. Two of the receptionists and the security guard recognized him and smiled.
“Mr. Tanner.” One of the receptionists stood. “We weren’t expecting you this evening.” She handed him a visitors’ pass.
He leaned closer, grinned, and poured on the Southern accent. “I know it’s not quite regulation, but can I bring my girlfriend with me tonight? I can vouch for her.”
The woman visibly melted under his gaze. “I can make an exception this one time.” She wrote out the pass with barely a glance at what her pen was doing, and not even a brief shift of her eyes toward Reno. Yeah, it was shameless the way he used his smile. She handed him the pass. “Can I tell the fifth floor you’re on your way up?”
He nodded. “Thanks, Marlene. Much appreciated.” He tipped his hat, took Reno’s hand, and they walked to the elevators. The only sound as they rode up to five was the canned music, and he took a moment to brace himself for the worst. The cancer unit had the sickest kids. Sometimes he didn’t recognize them from week to week, depending on how hard their treatments hit them. It helped to have Reno’s hand, warm and solid, in his. He glanced at her.
She looked up at him with a tiny wrinkle creasing her brow. “You never mentioned this.”
He shrugged and struggled to find a response. How did he tell her he’d stumbled into fame too easily? Everything fell into place without him doing much of anything. He hadn’t paid his dues on the way up, and this was his way of giving back. Proving to himself that he was a good person, that he deserved the good things.
As the doors opened, a nurse cheered. “Yay! We’re so happy to see you! We’re gathering up the children, and we set a chair in the playroom for you.”
“Thank you.”
Reno’s eyes opened wide. What did she think about all this?
He tugged her along with him, and when the kids were in place, he played for almost an hour. A few parents stood in the back of the room, the mobile kids danced, the ones in wheelchairs wiggled and clapped, and everyone sang along. A few called out their favorite songs, and Chase was hard-pressed to remember the words to some of them, but he’d gotten good at making up new ones.
Reno sat smack in the middle of the kids on a tiny chair, her knees nearly up to her chin. She sang along too, clapped, and talked with the children. His chest filled with warmth each time he looked at her.
A nurse popped her head into the room. “Bedtime, everyone. Say thank you to Mr. Tanner, and start heading back to your rooms.”
“Aw!”
“Already?”
Chase stood and set his guitar in its case. “I’ll be back in a few days.”
One little girl with IV lines into her stomach started crying. Her mother picked her up, brought her to Chase. “Can she give you a hug?”
His throat choked shut, and all he could do was nod.
“Cassie, thank Mr. Tanner for singing for you.”
Cassie released her mother’s neck and grabbed hold of his. Her little body was like a warm, soap-scented bird in his arms. “Tank you for singing.” She kissed him full on the mouth.
A sweet-hot burn grew behind his eyes. “You’re welcome, Cassie.” It came out a whisper.
She stared at him, her tiny arms light as feathers against his neck. “I love you,” she whispered.
“I…love you, too.” Chase forced back the swell of tears as he handed her to her mother. They padded away, and he caught Reno’s gaze.
Tears ran from her eyes down her cheeks.
He watched her, unmoving, unable to breathe for fear the tears would leak from his own eyes. In his side vision, the colors of the princess castle, toy trucks, and pretend kitchen blurred a bit. He’d love to have a kid. Maybe two. A boy and a girl. When he imagined his own little girl, she looked a lot like Reno. She’d make a great mom. Patient and understanding. Smart and kind.
“How often do you come here?” Reno stood.
He swallowed the lump of emotion. “Whenever I can get away.” His voice came out weak. “Visiting hours are about the same as studio hours, so it isn’t as often as I’d like.”
“Why a children’s hospital?” She brushed the tears from her face.
He closed the hasps on the guitar case and stood it on its side. “I need to do things to help.” He almost added that he loved children, but he’d probably start crying like one if he did. It was just so damn unfair that tiny little ones had to get so sick.
Okay, he had to think of something else—horse manure, politics, oil spills.
“In Texas, do you visit hospitals too?” She took an uneven breath.
“Yeah. I make the rounds. There are four children’s hospitals close to home.” His voice was almost back to normal.
“It’s wonderful that you do this.” She came to him and set her hands on his chest. “Thank you for bringing me here. This is what I needed to end a perfect four months.”
“Perfect?” His voice pitched high. Was he part of the mix that made it perfect for her?
“Yes, this will make my last two days here easier to accept.”
Accept. He had to accept it because she seemed to. Tomorrow night they were going their separate ways. Maybe they’d see each other once in a while, but their schedules were damn near opposite. He had a long concert tour coming up, and she was teaching a class. With her in his arms, he plotted ways to keep her in LA. He didn’t want to let this go. He tugged her against him. He had so much to say.
A doctor sped past the door, stopped and looked in the window, then shuffled away.
She stepped back. “We should go.”
“All right.”
They left the hospital, making small talk as he drove to their hotel. They were both quiet through the lobby and up the elevator. At her door, he took her hand. “You wanna talk now?”
She nodded and heaved a sigh. “Yes.”
****
Reno handed Chase her key card, and he opened the door, pushing it wide for her to go in ahead of him.
She stepped inside, flipped on a light, and heard the door close behind them. Shrugging out of her coat, she set it and her purse on the table and turned to face him. She should be the one to start this conversation, to apologize and assure him she wasn’t really the insane woman she’d appeared to be in his trailer yesterday. No opening line popped into her head, though.
He stayed back in the shadows, staring at her. “You look great tonight.”
“Thanks.” Reno licked her lips and tasted the red, smudge-proof lipstick. She smoothed her hands over her hips. The red satin dress was a little wrinkled, but she felt sexy in it, perched on three-inch black pumps.
He didn’t move.
She gestured toward the living room. “Beer?”
“Uh-uh. I’m not comin’ any closer until I know where I stand.”
After all their long talks, she knew she was dealing with a man who viewed life as black and white. This was definitely a gray area. “It’s not that simple, Chase. I—”
“Just yes or no. Will you give me another chance?” His voice softened, and his lips pressed tightly together.
She appreciated that he didn’t just seduce his way into her bedroom. He’d taken the time to bring her to the hospital with him, and he let her steer this conversation. “On one condition.”
“What’s that?”
“That we sit and talk about what happened.”
Using an index finger, he pushed his hat back on his head. The light hit his face and illuminated his grin. “Whatever you want, Reno.”
God, she loved it when he said her name deep and slow. She held out her hand.
He pressed his palm to hers, and she led him to the living room.
“I could use that beer now if you’re still offerin’.”
She opened the mini-fridge. “Any of these look good?”
He reached in for a longneck bottle. “Thanks. You want one?”
“No, thanks.” She strolled across the room to the couch. “I had wine at the cocktail party this afternoon, and it just about put me out cold.” She sat and crossed her legs.
He was frozen, the beer cap in his hand, his eyes intense.
She bit her cheek to keep from smiling. Evidently, he liked what he saw: the high heels, short skirt, and what Tracy called her “really fine, ass-hugging dress.”
He worked his jaw for a moment, took a long pull on his beer, then strode over to sit beside her.
She rounded up her courage and recalled the words of apology she’d rehearsed all afternoon. “Chase, I’m sorry I freaked out last night. I drank a little too much beer, and then the tequila, then seeing that drawer full of condoms—”
“Let me explain—”
“Now, wait. I’m not asking for explanations. Just hear me out, okay?”
He nodded, but it looked like it took a lot of self-control for him to keep his mouth closed.
“I’m sure you….” She wagged her eyebrows. “You see a lot of action, with all the buckle bunnies.”
He furrowed his brows. “Buckle bunnies? Those are women who chase after rodeo cowboys.” He grabbed his belt, showing her an average-size brass buckle. “I don’t wear a big buckle.”
He sounded so sincere she had to smile. “Okay, groupies, then. But let me finish.”
Exhaling loudly, he leaned back and put an arm across the top of the couch but didn’t say anything. Was he complying with her request, or was there no way for him to deny he entertained groupies?
“Anyway, I’m not asking you for any sort of commitment. But I’d like to ask for a few concessions.”
“Okay.” The word left his mouth slow and gravelly.
She fidgeted and swallowed hard. The way he sat there staring at her, looking like he was ready to explode, had her jittery. “If we…” She took a breath. “If we become lovers, I won’t share you. No bunnies or groupies, or old girlfriend booty calls. Just us until you move on to someone else.” She choked on the last words, but they needed to be said because she knew it would happen. Eventually, he’d get bored with her, meet somebody flashier who’d turn his head, and he’d be gone.
All of a sudden, his eyes narrowed, his jaw clenched, and he loudly set down his beer.
“And privacy. I’d like to keep us out of the tabloids, if possible.” She gestured flightily with her hand, speaking quickly to get it out before she lost her nerve. “I’m not saying we have to be secretive, but I don’t want to be plastered on the front of every tabloid the way you….” Oops. That just slipped out.
He groaned quietly, put one booted foot onto the opposite knee. It had to be killing him to keep quiet. His hands fisted.
“And I guess that’s all I can think of right now, other than your needing to work on your dirty talk. I was uncomfortable with the swearing and talking down to me.” She tipped her head. “I’m not used to that kind of thing.” Not used to men like Chase at all, really. She’d had four serious boyfriends, and their dirty talk was suitable for a Disney film compared to his smut in the trailer.
Chase stayed silent.
She waited a while, but he still didn’t speak. “Is that all okay?”
His eyes flashed danger. “Well, you said your piece. Now I’m gonna say mine.”
Chapter Four
Chase stood and stomped across the room, leaving Reno sitting on the couch staring at his back. Suddenly, she felt the need for a drink.
When he turned to face her, he spread his feet apart, his hands fisted at his sides. “Last night, you wouldn’t let me explain, and I’m damn sure gonna set you straight now.” His low voice rumbled.
Reno swallowed, shaking a little inside. Not from fear but desire. Something about the way he took control made her feel secure and…mushy inside. She didn’t expect him to grovel, but he came on surprisingly forceful. She hadn’t known that quality in a man before.
“The condoms were a gag. My drummer stuffed them in that drawer a couple months ago and told me to use them all before filming ended.” His gaze locked with hers, his eyes shaded under his hat. “Did you see how many were in there?”
Reno opened her mouth to answer.
“All of them. I didn’t use any.” He stalked toward her. “You wanna know why?”
She just blinked and drank in his intensity.
He paused a second. “When I met you, I knew I’d found someone special. But I didn’t want to believe it at first. I had to test it, and poke at it, and stir it up some, but you’re real.” His brow furrowed, and he stared, unmoving. “You’re as nice as you seem and as smart as they come, and you’re way too good for a hick like me.”
“Too good? No, Chase—” She stood and reached out her hand toward him, but he backed away.
“Let me get this said. I lose my concentration when you’re close.”
Reno clasped her hands in front of her. She wanted so badly to be in his arms, she pressed her knees together to keep from running to him.
“I’ve been lonely my whole life, Reno.” He paced across the small space. “I thought it would never end, but then I met you. Remember that first day we were introduced? We talked for an hour, and I couldn’t believe my luck.” He glanced at her. “You’re beautiful and your body is fantastic, but you’re a good person. And that’s what makes me crazy for you.” He turned away and strode to the bar, resettling his hat on his head.
Her knees turned to pudding, and she sank to the couch, her head spinning from his admission. What was he saying? It sounded almost like…he loved her?
He leaned back against the bar, hands on the countertop, elbows bent. “There hasn’t been anyone else since the day we met, Reno.” His eyes darkened, and his lips thinned. “You’ve got to believe me when I tell you how important you are to me.”
A cry escaped her lips. How could this be happening? All those months, she worked at being his friend, sensing he was as alone and lost in LA as she was. Recognizing that his fame put him out of her reach, she’d been okay with that. Now he wanted more? Was there any way to make it last? Their lives were so different. So many obstacles stood between them.
When she didn’t speak, he tipped his head down. “I’m not saying I expect you to feel the same, not right away, anyhow.” His voice changed, became unsure, and his words touched her soul.
“Chase.” She did feel the same, but the confession stuck in her chest. She wished she were impulsive enough to scream, “I love you, Chase Tanner!” but this was too quick. Things like this didn’t happen to her. Fairy tales were for dreamers, not realists, and she was the most cautious, pragmatic, sensible person she knew.
His arms dropped to his sides. He squared his shoulders and met her gaze. “But you don’t ever have to worry about my cheating on you or talking crazy in the bedroom like I did last night. That was stupid of me, and I apologize.”
She loved this man. She’d been ready to walk away from it, but now she didn’t have to.
He came toward her and sat on the coffee table in front of her. Slowly, he took her hands. “I want to try and make this work.” His eyes darted, then stared into hers. “Do you?”
“Chase, yes.” She smiled and squeezed his hands. Maybe this could work. Maybe it would if she took a chance, became a dreamer. She whispered, “I feel the same about you.”
He closed his eyes for a second, then tipped his head back. “Yee-haw!” He stood, pulling her up with him. “You’ve been so closed off lately, I couldn’t tell what was going on with you.”
She pressed her hand to his chest over his heart. “I was protecting myself. You’re a big country star, and I’m just a farm girl. You’re way out of my league.”
He shook his head and laughed. “Baby, that’s how I feel about you. You’re smart and literate, and you wrote a whole book.”
Giggling, she wrapped her arms around his neck. “You’re right. We’re a matched pair, aren’t we? Two talented, insecure artists who just happened to bump into each other at the right time.”
He tugged her against him. “Speaking of bumping, we have some unfinished business.”
****
Chase’s body heated where Reno pressed against him. He tipped his head and claimed her lips. She was his now, and he meant to stoke her into a blaze that would set the sheets on fire. Her kiss was sweet and tender, but when he grabbed her ass and squeezed, he suddenly held a wildcat.
She snagged a fistful of the back of his shirt and tugged up while her other hand slid down his bared back past the waistband of his jeans. Hungrily, her tongue circled his, tickled the roof of his mouth, and retreated.
His tongue followed hers, tasting every inch of her, her teeth, her cheeks, and her pointy little tongue that he wanted down low between his legs, licking his balls. His hips jerked at the thought. Damn it, he’d be coming faster than was respectable, but she had no idea how long it’d been since he’d had a woman. Yeah, since his shitty girlfriend experience with Jorjia two years ago, he’d stuck with groupies and high-class hookers and women in bars, but they were just distractions. The first time he saw Reno, all that stopped.
She was the woman, and his life was changing real damn fast.
Lifting her into his arms, he carried her to the bedroom.
She gazed up at him, her eyes unfocused, her lips parted and swollen from his kisses. “Waited so long for this.”
“Too long.” He laid her on the bed and automatically started the striptease he’d perfected over the years. He smoothly pulled off his boots and socks, sticking them in a corner. He took off his hat, pulled off his tank top with one hand, and set his hat back on his head.
She turned onto her side, braced her head up on her arm, and smiled. “Do you leave that on?” She pointed to his hat.
He grinned. “For a while, yet.”
“Mmm.” She practically purred. Like a kitten.
She’d be purring a hell of a lot louder when he got his face in her pussy. A flaming jolt of lust struck his belly, and his breath left him in a huff. Goddamn, he wanted into her curly patch of hair and soft, juicy lips. His erection jerked again as he unbuttoned his jeans. Slowly. Watching her greedy eyes follow his moves.
When the last button of his fly popped open, he turned his back to her, flexing his muscles just in case she wasn’t completely turned on yet. He slowly tugged his jeans down over his ass, leaving his black low-rise underwear in place.
“Chase, back up here, stud, so I can grab a piece of that.”
He looked at her over his shoulder. “You’re a naughty girl, aren’t you.”
“I can be a little naughty.” She whispered it as if she wasn’t absolutely convinced.
His whole body shuddered, wanting her with an intensity that consumed him. Shit, she was inexperienced, but she’d totally opened herself to him. How the hell did he get so lucky?
Kicking off his jeans, he turned to face her, his chest bulked up, his arms flexed, and his cock painfully pressing his underwear nearly to the breaking point.
Reno sucked in a breath, and her eyes opened wide. She slithered off the bed, stood stock-still, and unzipped the back of her dress. She shimmied to ease it down her body.
A red push-up bra, see-through red underwear, those fuck-me heels. Fire swirled through his groin. Damn, he was going to come without even being touched.
She stepped over the red pool of her dress and sashayed toward him, licking her painted lips, the glint in her eyes dangerous.
Chase held out his hands, she put her palms against his, then—knelt. His body jerked as lust slammed through his muscles, and he nearly poked her in the eye with his shaft. “Reno.”
“You’re going to like this, Chase, I promise.” She ran her hands up his calves, around his knees to the front of his thighs, then slowly upward until she hit cloth. “I’m going to take these off now.” She snuck her fingers under the elastic. “Then I’m going to make you come, cowboy, like you’ve never come before.”
Her words, the sight of her in front of him, roared unbelievably sensual in his mind. He closed his eyes and tipped back his head, desperately trying to think of something else, so he didn’t embarrass himself and pop at her first touch. Broken guitar strings. Taxes. His old pickup truck.
She pulled his underwear off his hard cock, down his thighs to the floor. “You’re gorgeous.” Her voice was quiet, almost reverent.
She took his hot length in both her hands.
“Aw, baby.” He looked down at her sexy red lips, so close to his swollen head. His voice was somewhere between begging and ordering. “I can’t last much longer.”
Licking the tip of his shaft, she looked up at him with desire in her gaze. “Then, I’ll make it fast. This time.” She reached down and grabbed his balls, and at the same time, took half of him into her mouth.
The shock, the pleasure, rocked him, and he touched her hair, fighting the urge to pump in and out of her. Her lips slid along his length, her mouth hot around his shaft, taking him deeper with each stroke. His knob bumped the back of her mouth. She adjusted her head and took him down her throat until he was all the way inside her, and her lips brushed his trimmed pubic hairs.
She sucked, and it was a whole new rodeo. Never had a blowjob been this intense. She worked him hard, her tongue pressing along the sensitive vein with each stroke, her cheeks sinking in with the pressure she kept on him.
He held back the orgasm for five long minutes until the tension at the base of his spine burst loose, racing through his entire body.
“Ahh, ahh, Reno, I’m gonna come.” He warned her so she could back away, but she used two knuckles to rub the sweet spot behind his balls. His skin prickled, and his hips pumped in a wild rhythm. She increased the tension of her mouth and hand. He flew, racing over the cliff into a hot, dark universe as his eyes closed and his mind fired rockets that ricocheted through his body.
Grabbing her head, he shot his load into her, feeling like it would never stop. It took forever before he’d emptied himself and could open his eyes again. “Baby.” His mind whirled as he forced the world to right itself, forced breath into his lungs. His legs jittered, weak as a newborn colt.
Backing off slowly, she caressed his tingling cock, squeezed the last drops of cum up his shaft, and carefully licked him clean. Looking up at him, she smiled, her eyes playful. “Okay?”
He collapsed onto his knees and hauled her into his arms, burying his face in her hair, his lungs chugging. “That was incredible.” His body still shook, but something else was going on. A strange feeling crept up on him, slinking out of his heart, and choking him around the throat. What was it? It made him want to…cry?
“Goddamn.” He hadn’t meant to say it out loud.
She stiffened and pulled away. “Is something wrong?”
Her eyes were so fearful, it tore at his heart. “Uh-uh. Everything’s perfect. Sorry I swore.” Using his thumb, he massaged away the worry line between her brows. “That was good enough to make me smack my granny!”
The worry line reappeared. “Why would you want to smack your grandmother?”
Chase laughed. He was used to dealing with good ol’ boys and Southern belles. His backcountry sayings must sound like a foreign language to a northerner.
She smiled. “I’m missing something here, aren’t I.” Her confused, big-eyed grin gave his heart a tug. “Let me in on the joke, cowboy.”
He bracketed her hips with his hands and pulled her across his now semi-erect cock. Lifting one of her legs to his hip, he pressed his shaft between her thighs, along the length of her thin panties, her pussy cream dampening his shaft through the fabric. “It’s an old Southern saying.” He mumbled the words, his mind on the scent of her musk as it rose to his nostrils. “Slap your grandma. You say it when something’s damn fantastic.” He couldn’t concentrate as he stared down at his cock between her legs.
She smiled. “So my little ol’ blowjob was that good?” She tried for a Southern accent, but it didn’t quite work. She set her finger on his lips. “Sorry, if you promise not to swear so much, I promise not to butcher the Southern patois.”
He nodded but didn’t know what the hell a “pat-wah” was. “Deal.”
Her hands glided over his shoulders, exploring, then down his arms and up his back.
“Baby, if you keep doing that, we’re gonna have to have some more sex.” He needed to have his cock deep inside her slick pussy.
“Mmm. I want some more sex.” She looked up at his hat. “When will that come off?”
Pulling the hat from his head, he leaned back and set it carefully on a chair. Custom made. One of his favorites. “Better?” He returned his attention to her, leaned forward to kiss the tops of her breasts, pushing their way out of her sexy bra.
She dug her fingers in his hair, combing it and playing with it as if she’d never seen hair before.
He looked up. “What are you doing up there?”
“It’s so nice. Kind of red.” She reached down between their bodies. “Redder than down here.” She tugged a few pieces of his pubic hairs.
“Ouch!”
“Oh that didn’t hurt. And I wanted to make sure the carpet matched the drapes.”
Caught by surprise, he laughed again, and he kissed her hard, both of them chuckling like little kids. He sighed as he focused on her. On them. She’d finally loosened up, and he wanted to spend every minute of the short time she had left in LA pleasing her. He needed to connect them, somehow, make this stick.
He swooped in and kissed her neck. “You know, Reno….” He whispered hot in her ear. “You’re pretty good at the dirty talk.”
“Mmm. Tell me more.” She closed her eyes and tipped her head for him.
“Baby, you’re a walking wet dream. I want to do a whole lot of naughty things to you.”
Her voice purred low and sultry. “Like?”
“Like this.” He licked her neck and ran his tongue up and around her ear. “And this.” He sucked her earlobe into his mouth and flicked his tongue quickly over it. Her taste was sweet with a touch of salty. Perfection.
“Uh-huh. Just to my ear?”
He pulled back.
She bit her lip, her eyes sparkling with need.
His mouth watered, wanting to be tasting the mystery between her legs that begged for his touch. “Reno, I can do that to any part of your body you’d like. Just name it, and I’m there.”
She threw her head back on a moan. “So many places I want your tongue, I don’t know where to start.”
He laughed, grabbed her ass, and moved her hips in a circle, bumping and grinding against his cock. “But we can talk about that…later. I have something else that needs dealin’ with first.” His staff was near full-hard again, and he couldn’t wait to be inside her… “Shit—sorry, shoot.” Protection.
She laughed. “What’s wrong?”
“Condoms?”
Grimacing, she shook her head. “I don’t have any.”
“Okay, I think I have a few in my kit.” He stood and helped her up, looking for his underwear.
“No, you’ve got your hat off.” She grinned. “I can just throw on my dress and run down the hall. Where are they?”
It was against his principles to let a woman do his running for him, but with his knees as weak as they were after her addictive blowjob, he’d let her go. “Under the bathroom sink, in my shaving kit. Bring the whole thing. There shouldn’t be much else in it.”
She tossed her dress up over her head and turned her back to him. “Zip me?”
He pressed his lips to her bare back, running kisses up her spine as he zipped her. He would kiss every vertebra, every inch of her, until she begged for release.
She shivered. “I’ll be back really fast.” Turning, she held out her hand. “Key.”
He dug it out of his jeans pocket and gave it to her.
Walking to the front door, she grabbed her own key card. “Help yourself to anything.” She stuck her head out the door, looking left and right before she stepped into the hall and closed the door.
He headed into the living room and took a gulp of his beer, looked at her pile of mail, then froze. “Shit.” He’d gotten a packet from his PR guy this week, and one of the tabloids had a front-page photo of Reno and him. An intimate picture of him tucking her hair behind her ear. And her face, goddamn, she’d been looking at him like he was ice cream and she was a spoon. Did he leave that tabloid sitting out? Oh damn. He raced back into the bedroom and tugged on his jeans, but before he could get them buttoned, he heard her come in the door.
“Chase, I saw something disturbing in your suite.”
Chapter Five
“I think we have to talk.” Reno closed her suite door behind her and set the access cards down on the entry table. She held Chase’s shaving kit, complete with condoms.
Chase came out of the bedroom with his jeans on, looking panicked.
“Why are you getting dressed?” Crap, did that sound slutty or what? “Is anything wrong?”
He stopped and held out his hands, palms up. “What did you find?”
Strange. Wasn’t that a classic sign of guilt? She held out the kit. “There are four condoms in here—”
“No. You said you found something in my suite.”
A little uncomfortable with his paranoia, she smiled to reassure him. “Oh yeah, the toilet seat was up. You need to know that I prefer it in the down position.”
He blinked a couple times then pasted on a smile. “Okay, it’ll be down when we’re at your place. But up at mine. All right?”
She nodded and strolled toward him, carrying his kit. “That seems fair.” His behavior concerned her, but maybe this whole relationship discussion unsettled him. She had to reach his comfort zone again. “I want you back in my bedroom, Chase. And I’d like these….” She tugged at his jeans. “...off you and thrown into a corner.”
He grinned and lifted her hand to his lips, kissing her fingers. “Whatever you want, whenever you want it.” The words rumbled in his lowest baritone.
Sexy, complicated man. They walked into the bedroom, and she set the condom box on the bed. “Will you unzip me?”
He complied, nibbling on her shoulder. “I like the highlights in your hair.”
“You noticed?” Most guys didn’t see that kind of thing.
“The minute you stepped into the hallway earlier.” He eased her sleeves off her shoulders, down her arms, then over her hips and let it pool on the floor.
“How long were you standing there? In the hall?”
“I waited about two hours this afternoon, then I got wise. I bribed one of the desk clerks to call me when you got in.”
Turning to face him, she smiled. “You didn’t have to go through all that. You could have just called me.” It warmed her heart, though, that he’d gone to so much trouble to connect with her.
He shook his head. “Uh-uh. I had to see you.” He pulled her close. “I needed to know if what you felt for me was real. Or if I’d destroyed it in my trailer.”
There she was, on shaky ground again. Could this be real? All this talk of feelings and emotions. It seemed so sudden, but then, they’d gotten to know each other for months. He’d talked about his parents and his rough upbringing, his struggle to get a GED when he had to drop out of school to work.
The backbreaking job at the horse farm inspired him to write blues songs, which got him noticed in a talent contest, and in turn, got him an agent. A true rags-to-riches story, complete with tales of girlfriends who broke his heart, but minus the innumerable floozies he’d slept with after his stardom.
And he had been with a boatload of women. After reading his article in that entertainment magazine, she’d talked to her sister-in-law and gotten the entire story from a tabloid fanatic’s point of view. For some reason, it didn’t bother her then and didn’t now. She recognized his need for companionship and his fear of commitment. Especially now that she knew him and had heard the sad history of his father’s disappointment with his own marriage.
She touched his cheek. “Chase. I’m not sure what’s happening between us, but I’m glad it is.”
“Really?” He looked relieved.
Did he realize how transparent his need for love was? She saw it right away, and he saw the same in her.
Writing was a solitary occupation. Even when she was growing up, she was alone a lot. Her brother, Cody, sister Laramie, and baby brother, Wyatt—and Chase had a good laugh at the names her parents chose for them—were her only companions.
Cody was older and kept busy learning to run the farm. They were isolated, the badlands on one side, state land on the other, and miles and miles of wheat growing in between. Their nearest neighbor was seven miles away, and her closest school friend, Mitzi, lived over twenty miles away.
Until she got her permit to drive at fourteen, she had a lot of time to sit and write. That was when the idea for Prairie Fire was born. The tale of a small town in South Dakota that was dying until oil was found, then it lost more than its poverty. It lost its soul.
Chase took her hand and kissed her palm. “Did I lose you there for a minute?”
“Yes.” Another of her bad habits—receding into her own thoughts, even when she wasn’t alone. “Sorry. What were you saying?”
His lips curved into a lopsided grin. “You’d said you were glad we were together, and I questioned if you really had thought this through.”
She’d been doing far too much thinking. She wanted action. “I apologized for running out of your trailer Friday night, and you apologized for unintentionally freaking me out, so are we okay with that? Do we need to talk anymore?”
“Reno.” He sounded exasperated. “You’re standing there in a red bra and panties, up on those ‘take me’ heels, and you’re asking if I want to talk?”
She grinned. “Stupid question, huh?”
He reached around and unfastened the hooks with lightning-fast fingers. “Yeah, stupid question.” Slowly, he slid the shoulder straps down and peeled it away. Her big Ds were blessedly firm, and her nipples puckered at his stare.
“What the…” He looked at the inside of the cups then at her breasts. “They look smaller in a bra.”
She took a breath, which lifted the girls up a bit higher. “I wear a minimizer. I prefer a smaller profile and fewer stares.”
His eyes fixed on her breasts. “You mean like I’m doin’ now? Nice. I…” He sniffled a fake cry. “You’ve made me so happy!”
She laughed at his silliness. “So easy to please, aren’t you.”
He wrapped his arms around her. “Hell yes. If we could lock ourselves in this room for a month, I’d be the happiest man alive.” Kissing her neck, he trailed his lips down her throat, down to her breasts, and wrapped his big hands around them. “They’re so firm. Yes, Jesus loves me!”
A laugh escaped her throat, but in a second, he latched onto her turgid nipple and sucked, sending heat zinging through her body, centering in her core, and making her pussy quiver with anticipation. She reached down and tugged at the waistband of his jeans.
He kicked them off without releasing his hold on her breasts. Backing up to the bed, he pulled her with him and sat, her breasts at his eye level. “Beautiful, Reno. You’re beautiful all over.” He licked a circle around her areola then took her into his mouth, holding the nipple in his teeth while teasing it with his tongue.
She grabbed his shoulders to keep upright as pulses of sensual delight traveled from her breast, through her belly, and down low to her core. “Oh yes, that feels wonderful.” Watching his lips on her, feeling his soft hair brushing her skin, was nearly sinful and totally heart-wrenching. How could she be so attached to this man so quickly?
He used his fingers to arouse the other nipple, and the two contrasting motions played a crazy game of sensual tag. Her cunt contracted, and her pussy lips moistened.
Chase drew a deep breath. “Baby, I can smell your scent.” He kissed the deep valley between her breasts. “You want me now, don’t you?” He looked up at her, licking the swell of each breast.
“I want you now and all night, Chase.”
“Show me. Get naked.”
She stepped back and pulled her panties down, bending forward to show him another angle of her breasts, and she could almost see him salivating. When she grasped her shoe, he growled. “Uh-uh. Those stay on.”
“Mmm. Kinky.” She peeled off her panties and fired them slingshot-style at his chest.
He caught them and brought them to his face, breathing in deeply. “Mine.”
A delightful shiver coursed through her. “My panties?” She sounded breathless.
“Your pussy.” With blurring speed, he stood, snatched her up, and had her laying on the bed, with him on all fours over her.
“I’m dizzy,” she teased.
“You’re gonna be a hell of a lot dizzier in a few minutes, beautiful.” He suckled her nipples languidly, each tug of his mouth echoing in her pussy with hot bursts of lust that swelled her lips. He sucked at one breast, then the other, back and forth, a clever foreplay of his hot mouth on her, then a moist, cooling sensation as he moved to the other. After a minute, her hips responded to each long pull, thrusting upward, wanting more.
Chase nibbled a leisurely path down her stomach to her belly button. His tongue in her ticklish spot caused ripples of desire to shoot directly to her core.
He kissed lower, easing down her belly, driving her crazy with impatience but wild with anticipation. He reached her mound. “Open for me, baby. I want to see every inch of you.”
Despite all her bravado, this proved difficult. This was Chase Tanner, a man who’d dated gorgeous stars and thin, perfect models. Here she was, chunky, plain, and suddenly uncertain.
He waited patiently, his eyes tracing her skin, stopping at places where there were small scars or moles. Memorizing her.
She had nothing to be shy about. He wasn’t with those actresses and models. He was here, with her. She screwed up her courage, bent her knees, planted her heels into the mattress, and spread for him.
Kneeling between her legs, he stared, then his mouth dropped open, and a low groan rumbled out of his chest. “Unbelievable. I’ve got to….”
He leaned in and kissed her outer lips for long minutes, dwelling on her mound. His tender touch and light sucking swirled intense delight through her cunt. He licked her with long, slow laps from bottom to top, wiggling his tongue inside, almost, but not quite, to the very top, where her clit throbbed, needing his touch.
He teased her, nibbled, bit softly into her mound, rubbing his nose and mouth into her hair, unexpected patterns that had her jumping in surprised pleasure. “Chase, don’t stop.”
“Mmm.” He used his tongue to probe deeper, licking into her cunt, circling it, tasting all of her.
He hadn’t even gotten close to her clit, and she teetered on the verge of an orgasm. She was greedy. “Now, please?”
He chuckled. “I may need a little more encouragement—”
Desperate for release, she grabbed his hair and pulled him into her.
He immediately parted her folds and licked, sucked her clit, and tongued it. “I like it…” he said between licks. “When you’re a bad girl.” He circled her clit with his tongue, but when he stuck a finger deep into her slit, it was over for her. She leaped backward over the edge of reality into a sparkling sky, freefalling into oblivion where nothing mattered but more ecstasy. Her body trembled, her pussy convulsed in hot, slow waves, and a loud cry left her lips as she closed her eyes and fell apart.
“Awake?” Minutes later, his voice broke into her languor.
Opening her eyes, she smiled at Chase, who lay on his side next to her, his head propped up on his bent arm, tracing her breasts in a gentle figure eight.
“Yes. Just savoring this delicious orgasm.” It flowed through her body like warm honey, and stuck her brain in slow motion.
“Sounds tasty.”
“Mmm-hmm.” She rolled onto her side, pressing her breasts to his chest and kissing his lips. Tasting herself on him, salty and rich, she licked a circle around his mouth.
“Woman, for someone who swears she’s a nice farm girl, you sure catch on to the naughty stuff quickly.”
“I learned by osmosis.”
His face went blank.
She flinched, realizing he didn’t know what she was trying to say. “Learned by being around you.”
“Uh.” He looked embarrassed then started nibbling on her neck.
She should watch her vocabulary. The last thing she wanted to do was to make him think he wasn’t up to her level of intelligence. He was very smart, the words and music to his songs were impressive, and his marketing campaigns, which he handled himself, were genius. He just lacked a formal education in more cerebral pursuits, like philosophy and fine arts. It was never too late, though. He could take college courses—
Stopping that thought dead, she recalled a saying she’d heard once. Men choose women they hope will never change, but women choose men they hope to be able to change.
“Chase?”
“Mmm?” He’d made his way down to her breasts again, softly teasing her with his lips.
“What would you change about me, if you could?”
He lifted his head and looked at her as if she’d gone nuts. “Nothing.”
She nodded. “Okay.” She lifted her chest closer to his mouth. “Continue.”
He smiled and went back to loving her nipples. Then it turned serious. He bit and sucked until his body vibrated against hers. His hard cock lying on her thigh started sliding up and down, and the thought of him filling her with his hot, thick shaft was all she wanted, all she could think of.
“Take me, Chase.”
He rolled away and grabbed a condom packet. “I’m yours, baby.”
Chapter Six
Reno licked her lips as she watched Chase, who stood next to the bed, rolling a condom onto his long, thick cock. He smiled at her as he gripped his shaft with one hand. “All yours.” He lifted her legs and knelt on the mattress, holding her thighs against his chest. “I want to make use of these sexy shoes. Wrap your legs around me, and let me feel your heels.”
A chill of desire jiggled through her as she looked into his eyes. “You’re so bad, Chase Tanner. Next, you’ll have me wearing spurs.”
His eyes sparked. “Maybe someday…” He leaned over her and lifted her hips, then stuffed a big pillow under her ass. “But for now, just use your imagination, cowgirl.” He spread her legs. She wrapped them around him and poked a heel into his butt cheek.
“Hurry, cowboy. I want you deep inside me.”
He groaned and stuck a finger into her pussy, then two.
She writhed as his fingers curled up in her, hitting her G-spot. “Oh yes, that is amazing. Whatever you’re doing. Just amazing.” Quivers of delight spread, swirling from her core in widening circles that heated her entire belly.
“I want to hear you swear, Reno.”
“What?” Her blurry mind couldn’t reconcile his demand.
“You don’t want me to swear, but I want you to. Say it, Reno. Say the F word. Say, ‘Fuck me, Chase’.”
“But I don’t swear.” Her voice sounded so darn childish.
“Yeah, I know. You asked what I wanted to change about you. That’s it. I wanna hear it. Just during sex, that’ll be our rule. You can swear like a stand-up comedian during sex.” His fingers increased the pressure on her G-spot.
“Yes, Chase, oh God.” She hovered near the top, ready to break into climax, every nerve in her body juiced and tingling.
“Tell me what you want, Reno. Say ‘Fuck me, Chase’.” He used his other hand to touch her clit.
Could she do it, swearing during sex? She’d been brought up to believe swearing was hurtful, but if he wanted her to...and it wasn’t hurting anyone... Yeah, she’d do just about anything for him. He was so bad for her, breaking down all her inhibitions, rewriting her moral code, and flat-lining her oversensitive observation of decency.
He rubbed her clit.
“Fuck me, Chase. Fuck me hard.” Rivers of flame washed through her body. She broke out in laughter as her orgasm overcame her.
He pulled his fingers out of her spasming channel, kept up the rhythm on her clit, and plunged his cock into her cunt, jolting her and sending intense ripples of pleasure through her whole body. He filled her completely, then pulled out and rammed in again, plunging her down deep, underneath waves that rolled her and shook her body, shook her soul.
He gritted his teeth. “Baby, you’re so tight. How the hell am I gonna hold off?” As the contractions of her pussy walls clenched him, he cried out and rode the wave with her, jackhammering into her core as he came.
When he collapsed on her, she thought he’d passed out. Slowly, he rolled to the side, then onto his back, bringing her with him, snuggling her up against his chest.
“Aw baby, I’m usually not that quick on the draw.”
She smiled, loving the fact that she made him lose control. “I only got to stick my heel into you once.”
Laughing, he kissed her forehead. “We’ll give you another chance. In about ten minutes, we’ll try it again, and this time, you get to drive.”
****
Chase couldn’t stop himself from thinking about the day after tomorrow, after she’d gone. She’d be back in South Dakota, and he’d be stuck here doing retakes for God knew how long. Followed by his traveling all over the country doing talk shows promoting his new album and US tour.
Holding her tighter, he almost asked her to stay with him in LA. No. He couldn’t be that selfish. She had to get back. Her next book was ready for edits, and she was teaching some kind of night course on writing.
How the hell could he let her go?
She skimmed a leg up his thigh, touching her thigh on his balls, softly massaging them in circles, driving him insane. He responded instantly, and when she eased her knee higher, she ran into the hard post of his cock.
She nuzzled his nipple with her lips. “It’s been ten minutes.”
A flare of heat pulsed more blood into his shaft. He grasped her hair and tipped her head up. “I’ve been ready for nine. I was waiting for you.” He slanted his mouth over hers, reveling in the softness, the swollen fullness of her lips. He slipped his tongue past her teeth and drew her tongue into his mouth.
She explored his cheeks and the insides of his lips before ending the kiss. Sliding her body on top of his, she pinned his arms above his head. She pulled her knees up and sat on his belly. “You said…” She bit her lower lip. “You said I could drive this time.”
Every inch of his body tingled as he imagined her riding him, dominating him. Where her soft, hot pussy pressed onto his abs, his skin heated and trembled. “Do whatever you want to me, baby.”
“I’ve had this recurring fantasy, Chase.” She swung a leg over, dismounting.
“Hey!” He reached for her.
“I’ll be right back.” Her smile grew wicked.
He would keep that sexy picture of her in his brain always.
She opened a dresser drawer and pulled out a silk scarf. Oh yeah, two of them.
“What are you up to, Reno?” He let his voice rumble low and needy.
“I’m going to tie you up.” She gestured to the four-poster headboard. “Move up.”
He complied, crab-walking up to the top of the bed. “Can I…trust you?” he growled.
She smiled that naughty grin again as she sauntered toward him, winding the scarves through her fingers. She sat next to him, wrapped one scarf around both his wrists, then tied it to the bedpost. “You’ll just have to see.” She snapped the second scarf between her hands. “Oh wait, I guess you won’t be able to.” She fastened the scarf over his eyes and tied it behind his head. “I’ve wanted to do this to you for four months.” She kissed him gently.
“Damn, why did we waste all this time?” He wasn’t expecting an answer, but she stopped moving for a minute and took a deep breath.
“I don’t know.” She kissed slowly along his jaw, over his Adam’s apple, down his chest to his belly. “I guess I wasn’t sure until today.” Reno brushed feather-light open-mouthed kisses over his hips.
His skin quivered where she touched him. “Last night in my trailer, you almost gave in.”
At his thigh, she nibbled his skin. “I did, but I wasn’t ready, and look at how horribly that turned out. Right now…” She kissed the tip of his cock. “I’m completely committed.”
He shouted as she licked his head, around the bulb, then down the vein on the bottom. “Oh yeah, Reno.” He tugged on the restraints, but she’d tied him good.
Her tongue went lower, gliding onto his balls, and she licked and kissed softly, just a whisper of a touch, but with the blindfold on and his arms immobile, the sensations magnified. Shocks of electric pleasure sensitized his groin, sneaking along his spine toward his head.
Then she was gone.
He heard a sound then felt her touch his cock. She rolled on a condom. He smiled. This was getting good.
The bed jiggled, and he waited, every nerve on edge.
Her knees pressed against the outside of his thighs, her feet tickled at his ribs. She was facing his feet? “Oh yeah.” It was one of his favorite positions, but then, any position with Reno was outstanding. When her hand grabbed his shaft, his hips jerked reflexively, wanting more. “Take it.” He needed to thrust into her slit, deep inside her slick folds.
“Easy, cowboy.” She touched his engorged head to the heat of her pussy, slipping back and forth over him, her breath becoming uneven as her grip on him tightened.
“Take it all, cowgirl.” His voice rumbled low.
She guided his shaft to her opening, gently took him in just an inch, her tight cunt adjusting to fit his girth. Then she dropped, her body taking all of him in one powerful plunge. “Uhhh, Chase.”
It killed him to hold still, but he waited for her, let her lead. He could feel her channel stretch to accept him then tighten around him to coax his cum from him.
She stroked him with her slick wetness, slowly rocking her hips, circling her pelvis, her perfect ass brushing his abs as she performed her mating dance.
His ass tightened, but he fought the urge to pump up into her. He stayed still and let her do what she wanted to him. Allowed her to set the pace.
Her hands caressed his thighs in rhythm, the touch sending chills through his body while his blood heated and pooled in his hips and legs.
She changed it up, sliding her hands down to his ankles and tipping her body, so his cock pointed down. The new sensation rocked him, shooting fists of lust up his spine, and he almost lost it. He took deep breaths and concentrated on holding back.
The tight glove of her pussy rode torturously slick up and down, gliding him nearly out of her hot slit then all the way back in.
“Oh, God.” She cried out as her own orgasm took her.
He tipped his hips so his cock tickled her G-spot.
“Chase, come with me….”
He had to obey as his balls crowded close to his body, preparing to shoot. His cock swelled and pulsed, and his grip on the scarf tightened.
She reached competent fingers and grasped his balls, tugging, hurtling his orgasm into another dimension. His hips bucked as he poured his cum into the condom. Desperation at not being able to touch her made the experience dark, slow, and rolling. His mind took him to heaven, then forced him to shut off completely. He slogged through thick surges of pleasure, his body flash-flaming with jolts of heat. The blasts slowed, decreasing in intensity, and his brain began functioning a little at a time.
After a minute, she slipped off him and dealt with the condom. She slithered up his body and untied his hands, then took the scarf from his eyes. He turned his muddled head toward her and searched out her mouth for a kiss. “Incredible. You’re amazing.” They were amazing together. He’d never flown so wild during an orgasm. His exhausted body shuddered with the craving for more of her.
She cuddled closer and pulled the blankets over them. “That was my fantasy come true.”
He chuckled. “Why the blindfold?”
He felt her shrug. “Anonymity, maybe?”
That caught his attention, and his brain cells struggled to function. “You were someone else?”
“Maybe. I’m big into privacy lately.”
“Hmm. Why lately?” Was it him?
“Oh jeez. Long story, ex-boyfriend.”
“Just so it’s nothing I did.” Other than get her picture on the front page of a tabloid with him leaning in, about to kiss her. But he’d find a more appropriate time to show her that piece of shit.
She laughed. “No. You’re safe.”
For now. “Thank God.” He reached over and shut off the light, wrapped his arms around her, and smiled like a fool. This was where he wanted to be. This was his future. They had some bumps and chasms to overcome, but he’d make it happen.
****
Reno’s eyes popped open. The clock radio showed they’d slept two hours. Neither of them had moved an inch. She peeled her cheek off his chest, kissed his pecs gently, then eased off the bed and snuck into the bathroom.
When she came out, he was awake, the light on, his hands stacked under his head, his sculpted muscles displayed for her. “Hi.” His eyes glowed, heavy-lidded, his full lips curved in a sexy grin.
“Hi.” She tucked in next to him, put her hand on his chest, and perched her chin on it. Looking into his deep blue eyes, she got lost in their depths. “What are you thinking?”
“Mmm. I can’t decide which view I like better, you walking into the bathroom or back out. You’re sexy all over, woman.”
She grinned. “But do you have a favorite part?”
His eyebrows lifted. “You’re asking me to choose?”
She nodded. “What’s your fantasy?”
“Ah damn, I have so many. You’ve hit about four of them already.”
“Something…different. I want to give you everything you’ve been dreaming of.” This one night. Because she didn’t know for sure they’d ever have another. God, she hated that sliver of doubt lurking under her happiness. Couldn’t she just accept what they had today? If it was meant to last, it would last.
His brows drew together. “Reno.” His hands came out from under his head and skimmed down her back, then up her ribs to rest on the sides of her breasts. “I’ve been havin’ some sinful thoughts since I saw your amazing breasts last night. You sure now? It’s really my turn to indulge a fantasy?”
“Sinful sounds like fun.” She bit her lip and arched up to give him better access.
He took hold of her breasts, flicking a finger over each sensitive nipple. “I can’t get enough of these beauties.”
Shocks of pleasure tingled from her breasts to low in her belly. “Whatever you want, Chase.” Her voice was breathy, and her imagination ran free.
“Lay on your back, your head on the corner of the bed.” He got them moving, helped her position herself just right, then he stood next to the bed.
Looking upside down at him, she watched him pull a small bottle out of his kit. He shook it and held it up to the light. “Should be enough.”
She raised her eyebrows. “Are you going to do what I think you’re going to do?”
Chapter Seven
Chase smiled. “Uh-huh.” His hard shaft wagged in front of Reno’s face. “I’m gonna lube up and slide between your sweet tits.”
She looked down at the deep valley between the girls. She hadn’t done this before, and a sudden spurt of nervousness raced through her. It quickly disappeared at the thought of Chase pumping between her breasts, getting off on her, shooting his cum onto her stomach. She put her hands on the outsides of her tits, pushing them together to create a tight space. “Like this?”
He groaned. “Perfect.” Squirting lube onto his palm, he rubbed it on his stiff cock. “I’m gonna stand over you.” As his thighs hit the side of the bed, one on each side of her head, she shimmied up so her head sat just on the edge of the mattress, giving him an easy shot at her cleavage.
“That’s it, baby.” He eased his shiny rod into the slit she’d created, and his whole body stiffened. “Fucking perfect.”
She grinned at his language. Now that she’d let loose with cursing during sex, it felt almost natural.
He started slowly, moving in and out at a decadent pace, alternately groaning then breathing heavily. A shiver skittered through his body, and his flesh puckered with goose bumps.
Against her skin, his hot, slippery cock glided like satin, the ridge around his mushroom-shaped head tickling as it rubbed her.
His balls dangled in front of her nose. She snaked her tongue out to lick them each time he withdrew himself, tasting the salt of his skin, exploring the ridges covered with hair, and the silky-smooth bare spots.
“Yeah, Reno. Suck those bad boys.”
She got busy and took one, then the other into her mouth, loving the powerful position. Breathing through her nose, the clean scent of soap mixed with the musky scent of him made her hips jerk and her pussy wet.
His fingertips brushed her wrists, then he cupped his hands over hers, and together they held her breasts at the ideal angle for his penetration. He moved his fingers to her areolas and traced them until her nipples hardened and anticipation had her tensing.
As his thrusts became urgent, her tongue teased and laved his sac. The sensation of his slippery cock pumping through the valley of her breasts proved nearly orgasmic for her.
When his fingers caught her nipples, tugging, twisting, and tickling them, she pressed her thighs together as her core throbbed.
He plopped his hands on the bed, bracing himself up.
She could see his face as his head hung down from his broad shoulders. His eyes were closed, his muscles tense, then his mouth opened at the same time his balls tightened.
Her tongue worked overtime, lapping, and kissing.
Chase cried out and arched his back, throwing his head up, his body trembling with the force of his release. He came with a powerful rush of hot semen that burst onto her belly.
After a minute, the bed dipped as he collapsed beside her, opposite her, and groaned sluggishly.
Running a hand over his thigh, she sighed, very pleased with herself. It took a lot to make such a strong man weak and tired.
His arm moved, flopping over and landing on her knee. “Baby, that was good.” His voice grew quiet, and his breaths became slow and regular. Asleep.
After a few minutes, she carefully extricated herself and went into the bathroom, closing the door behind her.
Flipping the switch, her eyes squinted against the bright light. Gazing at her reflection, she smiled through lips kissed into implant proportions by her lover.
The space between her nipples glistened, and lower, Chase’s creamy sperm formed an opaque river running slowly down her body. God, that had been sexy, watching him use her tits as a sexual outlet. Something new for her, but then everything about Chase was new for her.
Feeling this intensely about a man was something she’d never experienced. Was it her fault? Had she held back before? No, other men she’d dated hadn’t touched her soul the way Chase did. She’d tried her old tricks with him, tried to keep herself from getting close, but there was something inevitable happening. He’d busted through her roadblocks and parked himself smack in the middle of her heart.
Reno laughed softly as she opened the glass shower door and turned on the water. “I have to be pretty damn tired to come up with that cheesy metaphor.” When the water turned warm, she stepped in. The pulsing flow washed everything away, and she soaped and rinsed, then, as long as she was in the shower, she shampooed her hair and scrubbed off her makeup.
When she finished, she just stood there, letting the solitude of the falling water lull her as she replayed the last few hours with Chase. He promised her all night, and it wasn’t morning yet. She yawned. She had a full day ahead, and she should get some sleep, but she didn’t want to waste a minute of this precious time with him.
The shower door snapped open. “May I join you?” His deep voice echoed in the tile room.
She loved that he had the same drive to make every minute count. Turning, she smiled and crooked a finger. “Get in here.”
He jumped in and pulled her against him for a soul-melting kiss. His hands ran over her slick skin, and within seconds, his cock pressed hard and ready against her belly. “How did you like that last position?”
“Mmm.” She kissed his wet chin. “Nice. I loved being able to concentrate on…these.” She brushed soft caresses over his balls.
As he splayed his hands over her butt cheeks, he growled. “You are amazing, Reno. I can’t get enough of every sexy inch of you.”
She laughed. “Those are song lyrics.”
He nodded. “Yeah, when I wrote them, I didn’t even know you. Now, they fit perfectly. You fit perfectly.” His expression seemed open and honest.
Her face warmed at the compliment. “You wrote that song?”
“Yeah, why?”
“Just wondering if that’s what you really prefer. A big bottomed woman.”
A deep laugh rumbled out of his chest. “Oh yeah. Yours is absolutely bootylicious.” He grasped her bottom tighter, easing her against him, their bodies fitting together as if they’d been created for this.
Fire burned through her at the slippery touch of his skin, her nipples on his chest hair, his shaft against her mound. “I need…” Words wouldn’t come.
He released her, turned her around, and kissed her shoulder. “I know what you need. Bend over, baby.”
She dropped forward, bracing her hands on the wall, loving being dominated.
He eased his feet between hers and urged her to spread her legs. The warm water sluiced down her back and over her bottom. She wanted his hands to return and touch that sensitive place where a rivulet of water flowed. Over her puckered hole, across her swollen pussy lips, and down the inside of her thighs.
She heard the snap of latex as he put on a condom.
He gripped her hips. “Feel this?” He thrust the tip of his cock against her wet folds. “Is this what you need?”
“Ah, Chase, yes. I want you inside me.” Her pussy overheated and quivered. She looked back over her shoulder, barely able to keep her eyes open through the glaze of desire dulling her mind.
Chase’s muscled arms and contoured torso tensed, sleek with drops of water, and his brows furrowed as he stared at the spot where his head touched her needy cunt. “What do you want, Reno?” His dark gaze shot to hers. “Tell me, baby. Be bad.”
“Fuck me.” As the words rolled off her tongue, quivers raced along her spine.
He groaned and grabbed his stiff cock, rubbing his head up and down her slick pussy, the friction increasing her desperation. She whined, trying to convey her eagerness.
Finally, he pushed his shaft home, his first thrust so deep he bumped her cervix. “Reno. My woman.” His voice choked.
She was filled, totally, blissfully, full of him. Shockwaves of pleasure radiated from her cunt with each manic thrust. She was close, so close. Her head dropped forward, and her eyes closed as she reached for climax.
As his thrusting slowed, he slipped a finger across her ass into the crack. “Do you like to be touched here?” He softly brushed her anus.
For a moment, she tested the unexpected thrill. Different than on her clit or in her pussy, this touch echoed deep inside, and her body wanted more, needed to explore the new delight. A trip of panic drove her back from the edge of orgasm.
“Uh, I haven’t….” She glanced back at him. “Are you thinking…?”
“Baby, nothing will happen that you don’t want. I’d love to bury my cock in this sweet little rosebud of yours. But not until you’re ready.”
“Oh.” So many new sensations. So much to learn. She’d always kept her lovers on the vanilla side of the scale. Chase challenged her to let him travel past adventurous and go all the way around the world. “Maybe if we start slow….” She couldn’t say more.
Chase seemed to know what she was saying. “I’m gonna slip a finger in, okay? I know you’ll enjoy it.”
Her face warmed, and she had to clear her throat. “Yes, okay.”
He reached up to the top of the shower stall for his bottle of lube. “Waterproof.” He put drops on his index finger.
She looked away. It seemed so clinical, but at the same time, sexier than she thought she’d ever feel…in this situation.
He touched her hole, circled, then pushed against her anal opening, then circled some more. The erotic sensation of indulging in something a little naughty spiked her arousal as his touch sent waves of lusty heat deep inside her.
Her breath caught, but she let go of her anxiety, trusting him completely.
Then, it happened. He pushed the tip of his finger into her puckered hole and waited a beat. In a little deeper then slowly all the way in, the sensation thrilling and sensual at the same time. “How does it feel?”
“Mmm, yes.” She could barely speak. The rivers of pleasure flowed through her like thick, melted chocolate. Dark, with the unexpected pleasure of anal stimulation, sweet as he began thrusting his cock inside her pussy again.
He wrapped his arm around her waist, pushed his fingers into her mound, and vibrated his finger against her swollen clit.
“Yes.” Her mind began its wild ride toward nirvana, every thought focusing on the stimulation of his cock and his fingers, shutting out everything else.
“Come, Reno.” His demand came deep and thick. His hands worked in rhythm, one finger slipping in and out of her anus, his other hand tweaking her clit, and his shaft filling her completely as he pistoned in and out. The total surrender of her body pushed her over the edge.
She shouted in ecstasy. “Yes, yes, harder.”
He complied, intensifying the pressure of his fingertip on her clit, thrusting his cock faster into her sensitive canal, and deepening the penetration of his finger in her ass.
She cried as her orgasm hit full strength, the pleasure in her anus a new and fabulously decadent sensation. She quivered so hard as her climax began sweeping through her that her teeth rattled. Her mind soared, and there was only bliss. And Chase.
He grabbed her hips and rammed himself into her quivering pussy. Choking noises came from his throat until, with one final thrust, he howled, the sound as loud as the wolves in her forest.
Her head spun, pinpoints of light whirring by her as spikes of pleasure contracted her core.
He braced his hands on the wall next to hers, his chest pressed against her back, his face buried in her neck.
As her orgasm slowed, the loud chugging of their breaths came into focus, competing with the spray of water over their skin.
He helped her upright and turned her into him.
She kissed the spot where his neck met his collarbone and hung onto his shoulders as her world came back into focus. He was hot, a little sweaty where the water hadn’t reached, and the salty taste on her lips was an aphrodisiac. “That was nice.” She sounded stupid, but it was all that her bliss-blurred mind could come up with.
With a chuckle, he kissed her temple. “Definitely nice. And when you’re ready, Reno, we’ll take it to the next level—back there.” He held her close. “You’ll enjoy it. I promise.”
She knew she would. She’d avoided it this long, but Chase awoke her bold side. She tipped her head back and looked at his handsome face. Yeah, she had to admit it; for him, she’d try anything.
He raised an eyebrow. “Mm. That look on your face tells me one thing.”
“Hungry.” She was starving for him, and she bit his skin just above his pecs.
“Yep. Let’s finish this shower and order room service.”
She laughed. “You mean real food?” She grinned as her thoughts turned kinky. “Or are you talking whipped cream and cherries?”
He groaned and picked her up, turning them so he stood under the water. Grabbing the soap, he scrubbed his body quickly, her hands touching him just for her own pleasure. “Baby, now you’ve got me hungry for dark chocolate, served on your sweet breasts.”
She stepped out of the shower. “I’ll go order.” As she dried off, she envisioned chocolate and the decadent things they could do with it. She sauntered out of the room. “That man makes me want to do the wildest things.”
****
An hour later, Chase leaned back in bed, two ham and Swiss sandwiches, a platter of fries, and a piece of chocolate cake swelling his stomach. He pulled the sheet up to cover his groin. With all that chow sitting in his belly, he wouldn’t get hard for a while. She didn’t need to see him all lazy and limp.
Reno picked at her shrimp Caesar salad, but she’d helped him with tiny bites of the fries and cake. He admired her restraint. She was beautifully built, lots of curves and valleys, and he loved a full-figured woman. Loved? No, he wasn’t really thinking the “L” word, was he? It had to be the lack of blood in his brain. Most of it worked in his belly, trying to digest those three thousand calories. Some of it snaked down to his cock, though. She looked so damn cute sitting there cross-legged in the pink cotton nightgown and robe she’d thrown on to accept their room service.
She finished her shrimp, then got up and stacked the dishes on the bottom shelf of the cart. Straightening, she lifted the last silver lid—the one she wouldn’t let him see before. “Now, for dessert.” Three silver bowls sat huddled together.
He groaned and patted his stomach. “I don’t think I could eat another thing.”
She smiled. “This will be my treat.” Lifting the spoon out of a bowl, she drizzled a thick, dark liquid back into it. “Warm chocolate.” She lifted the spoon out of the second. “Whipped cream.”
“Oh baby. Tell me you got cherries, too.”
“Uh-huh.” She grinned and popped a stemmed Maraschino in her mouth, worked her jaw, then pulled out the stem, tied it into a knot with her tongue.
“Talented woman.” He looked down as his cock rose up. The rest of him craved a quick nap, but the idea of Reno smearing then licking him with that clever tongue of hers was too much to resist. He quickly kicked off the sheet and rearranged himself on the pillows to watch. “Another fantasy of yours?”
“Something I read in a romance novel.” She took care, testing the chocolate, making sure it was the right temperature. The chocolate thickened as it cooled, and she brought the bowl to his side of the bed. She used the back of the spoon to paint his cock in warm, thick chocolate.
The sensation sent chills across his skin, cooling him everywhere but his hard shaft. As she sat back and he caught a glimpse of her handiwork, a laugh escaped him. “This is something I never thought I’d see between my legs.”
“Sexy, isn’t it? It’s like a monument to your penis.”
“My hometown could erect it.” He gave her a smirk.
“Oh.” She grimaced. “You didn’t really say that.” She stood.
“Hey, where are you going?” He pointed to his package. “You’re not done here, are you?”
“No.” Her word was practically a purr. “There’s more.” She took the last two bowls and climbed on the bed, sitting between his legs. “Whipped cream.” She loaded the spoon. “To cool you down.” Spreading it on his balls, she watched his face.
The combination of hot shaft and cold balls proved wildly sensual. His sack compressed close to his body, and he gave in to the extreme sensations of the contrast.
She held up a cherry, plucked it from its stem, and set it on top of his cock. “Mmm. My new favorite dessert.” She licked a path from the middle of his balls all the way up his shaft and sucked the cherry—and his head—into her mouth.
“Oh baby.” He couldn’t take his eyes off her sweet face enjoying what she was doing to his cock. Like a volcano ready to erupt, his groin heated and quaked.
Within minutes, she’d licked, sucked, nibbled, and kissed him clean. “Now.” She looked at him with passion-darkened eyes. “I’m going to finish you off.”
Her promise sent burning heat flowing like lava up his spine. “No argument here.” He barely managed the words before a shiver raced across his skin.
Licking his head, she stared into his eyes. “Tell me what you like.”
“I like anything you do. I like it a hell of a lot.” His growl conveyed his lust as every sensation combined to send him flying.
Her brow shot up. “But…is there anything special that you like? I mean…” She blushed. “Like what you showed me in the shower?”
She wanted to...? Aw shit, yes. He choked back the orgasm that nearly overtook him. Reaching to the nightstand, he grabbed the nearly empty vial of lube and handed it to Reno. “Try touching me back there. If it feels comfortable to you, just put your finger in an inch and do this.” He curled his finger toward himself. Fuck, just thinking about her touching his gland tightened his balls to nearly unbearable pressure.
“Mmm. I think I read about that in a romance novel, too.” Sitting between his legs, she opened the bottle.
“You know, I never appreciated books as much as I do right this second.” Hell, he had no idea what he was saying anymore. He just wanted to pop, and staring at her, it could almost happen. Hold on, cowboy. He couldn’t embarrass himself.
She giggled then concentrated on settling a drop of lube on her fingertip.
Her actions, sexy but unsure, amped up the blood pressure in his cock. When she leaned closer and hesitantly touched his anus, and her soulful brown eyes locked with his seeking affirmation, it was nearly over for him. He spread his thighs, smiling through the haze of lust. “Yes.”
She did exactly what he’d done to her—circles around the outside of his puckered hole, a slight probe, then a slow push in. Goddamn, when she locked her lips on his cock’s head and coordinated the rear entry with a deep throat on his shaft, his lights went out, and he plunged into darkness. No thought, only sensory, as his body neared the boiling point.
Inside his anus, her finger rubbed his sensitive spot, following the motion he’d shown her. This was better than anything he’d ever—then he exploded into her mouth. It came out of nowhere, an instant orgasm that didn’t build up, but just happened. One he’d remember forever. He might have passed on to another world, hung there for a minute, then fallen back to earth and landed on a bed of pillows.
His skin tingled, his mind twitched, and his heartbeat ran like a wild burrow.
Reno crawled up his body and stared into his eyes. “Was that okay?”
When feeling returned to his body, he found the muscle to wrap his arms around her and roll them over, her body partially under his. “That was mind-blowing. You are amazing.” He held her, taking inventory of each pleasure-swamped part of his body.
A few minutes later, she wiggled. “I’m on one of the bowls. Can you move for a second?”
He groaned and eased back. “Sorry. I wasn’t thinking.” He rolled her over and moved the bowls, then bent low and licked a smudge of whipped cream off her thigh. Pulling the blanket over them, he turned off the light and held her close. “Sleepy?”
“Mmm-hmm.” She pulled his arm around her.
He brushed his lips against her hair and settled in. As exhaustion overtook him, he smiled. He couldn’t remember being this happy. Ever. But he had to know what she was feeling. “Are you excited to go home?”
She hauled in a long breath and let it out slowly. “I wouldn’t say excited. Maybe anxious. I have so much to do once I get there.” Her fingers played across his chest.
“Your book edits?”
“Yes, and that class I’m teaching in a few weeks? I haven’t prepared for it yet.”
The floral scent of her hair snuck into his nostrils. Another thing about her he’d never forget. “Is that what you want to be when you grow up? A teacher?”
She laughed and ran her hand down his ribs. “I do. I love to write, but I have a longing to share what I’ve learned with others. I get so excited reading young writers’ work, and it gives me great pleasure to be able to guide them. I’ve had some amazing mentors…and some not so great.” Her voice turned sad with her last words.
She was talking about her ex-boyfriend. The one who tried to change her writing style. Make her into something she wasn’t so she’d fit into his life better. Asshole.
Her shoulder shrugged once. “What about you, Chase. What do you want to be when you grow up?”
Staring into the dark, he couldn’t find an answer. He’d always wanted to go back to school. College. Take some classes and learn about things that people talked about. Politics and religion. Evolution, the planets, stuff under microscopes.
He couldn’t tell Reno that. Hell, two years ago, he’d asked Jorjia to help him find a college, and she’d freaked out. She didn’t want the media to get a hold of the story. It would embarrass her if people knew she was dating someone so low-class. That’s what she called him. Low-class. She’d slapped him down hard, and the ache still lingered, flaring up every time he thought about going back to school.
He kissed Reno’s forehead. She’d never say something like that, but he sure as hell wasn’t going to remind her how uneducated he was.
“When I grow up, baby, I wanna be twice as sexy as I am now.”
She giggled a couple small laughs then her breathing grew heavy and slow.
His last thought before he followed her into sleep, was that he’d never do anything to embarrass her the way he’d almost done to Jorjia.
Chapter Eight
Ringing dragged Chase out of his dreams four hours later. He picked up his phone and answered the studio’s wake-up call. “Thank you.” He lay down against Reno’s back, pulling her tight to his chest. Close to his heart.
She reached back and grasped his hard shaft. “What’s this?” Her velvety morning voice purred from her throat. “I ordered cherries, not bananas.”
He jerked his cock in her hand, loving the tight grip she had on him. “I have to get to the studio. Retakes.”
She reached over to the nightstand and handed him a condom. “First, I want a retake of last night.”
“Do you always get what you want, Miss Reno?” He knew the answer to that. With him, all she had to do was ask.
“Always.”
His arm slid under her pillow while his other hand tickled down her collarbone to her breast, rolling her nipple with his middle finger. He pressed his lips to her neck.
She sighed and tipped her head, giving him better access.
He took advantage, sucking the tender skin beneath her ear, drawing patterns with his tongue, and nipping her earlobe.
Sliding his free hand down her ribs, he trailed a slow path to her hip and across to her curly mound. His fingers dipped into the juicy flesh between her thighs. “Wet. You’re ready for me.”
“Yes,” she whispered. “Now.”
Using one hand and his teeth, Chase opened the condom packet, a technique he’d perfected over the years. He rolled it on his staff then scooted lower. “Arch your back for me, baby.”
She did, and he thrust his hips toward her, finding the right angle, finding the hot, soft opening between her pussy lips where the head of his shaft met her quivering folds.
As he pushed his cock into her tight cunt, she squeaked and shivered.
“You like that?”
“Mmm-hmm.”
He thrust into her slit, craving the fit of his hard muscle inside her sweet flesh. His hand found her mound again and rubbed against her folds. He touched where his cock moved in and out of her slick lips. The feel of his hard length penetrating her, flooded his balls and lower back with urgent lust. He could come now, damn it. When was he going to get some stamina around this sexy woman? His sexy woman.
She fit her hand on top of his, her fingers next to his, feeling them fucking. No, so much more than just sex. Making love.
“You’re meant for me, Reno.” The words poured from his heart, surprising him.
“I think I am.”
His fingers, wet with her cream, found her clit, urging an orgasm out of her. He tasted the tender skin of her neck and tugged her hard nipple. Reno gyrated her sweet ass against him and called his name weakly as her body shuddered into climax.
This was probably his last time with her. Their schedules for the rest of the day meant they wouldn’t see each other until late tonight. He wanted this to go on forever. He slowed his pumping, appreciating every inch of her hot, tight pussy. Sleepy morning sex with Reno. Damn. He’d never get enough. Never.
She reached behind her, sliding her hand onto his ass, gently squeezing with each thrust. Her breath sounded ragged, and she let out a small cry.
“Ahh.” He moaned, just on the brink of coming. He followed her into perfect oblivion, his happy, worn-out balls barely able to produce enough to shoot out, but, shit, it felt good to be inside her. The orgasm was soft and slow, rolling over him like a heat wave.
He lay panting for a few moments. The curtains were drawn, but a small slice of light showed across the bed. He had to get to the studio. He kissed her shoulder. “Baby?”
Her even breaths told him she’d fallen back to sleep.
He grinned. They’d given each other a workout last night. Hell, he should order up a massage for her. Her muscles would be screaming today. Looking at her beautiful face, he saw wet tracks of tears on her cheeks. She was struggling with the same grief he had, and it pissed him off. Why did their lives have to exist in separate worlds? How long would it be until he could see her again?
An unfamiliar lump formed in his throat. “You’re mine.” He whispered the words, still unable to believe he’d caught this angel for himself. He’d find time. Hell, he’d make time, no matter what it cost him.
Holding the condom on his cock, he withdrew from her tight slit, got out of bed, and went into the bathroom. He closed the door and turned on the lights, blinding himself for a moment. Taking the condom off, he caught the glint of moisture on the outside. Her pussy juices. But when he rubbed the tip of the condom to feel her cream, a split opened on the latex. “What the hell?” He looked closer. His cum was on the outside.
“Shit.” Chase stepped nearer to the bright light over the sink. Sure as shit, there was a tear in the condom. This was not good. He set it on a piece of toilet paper on the counter then turned off the light. Slinking back into the bedroom, he grabbed the condom box along with the empty foil packet next to it.
Closing himself in the bathroom, he turned on the light and looked at the box. How long had they been in his kit? He found the expiration date on the foil packet. Damn, they were old, expired three years ago. Was this one condom defective, or were all four of them bad? The other three, he’d flushed already. He grinned. Four condoms, two blowjobs, a titty-fuck. Seven in one night, a personal best for him.
He crumpled the foil, the painful jab into his palm snapping him out of his proud moment. “Focus.” This was serious shit. He looked at his face in the mirror. Thirty. Getting old—and careless. This could be bad. Really bad. He should wake Reno right now and tell her, and they could run to a drugstore and get that morning-after birth control.
Reaching over to throw away the foil packet, he stopped dead. If there was a baby, did he want her to get rid of it? His mind said yes, but his heart chilled at the thought of killing their child. He’d marry her if she was pregnant. Hell, he might marry her even if she wasn’t.
Wrapping the condom in toilet paper, he dropped it in the toilet and flushed. As he washed himself off in the sink, a smile crept onto his face, and he looked at his reflection. He was a greedy bastard when it came to Reno. He let himself imagine her pregnant with his child. It would be like insurance, a way that he could keep her—once she realized how different they were. And she would, too.
Sooner or later, he’d screw up, and she’d look at him like he was the slime on a bug’s butt. Maybe, if he could keep her happy and turn her “like” into “love” before she saw him for the high school dropout he was, he’d have a chance at a real life with her.
Leaving the bathroom light on, he walked into the bedroom and sat next to her on the bed. “Reno, wake up, baby.” How did a man tell his woman she might be pregnant?
She mumbled something into her pillow.
He grabbed his kit bag, and one of the empty condom foils fell to the floor. He bent to retrieve it, and the light from the bathroom spotlighted her small travel bag, already packed and ready to go, sitting on the lower shelf of the nightstand. On top of it was a round, flat, plastic container. He picked it up and shook it. Hearing the telltale rattle, he popped it open. Birth control pills.
He closed his eyes and let out a breath, puffing out his cheeks. She was on the pill. Thank God. That was a near miss.
He dressed quietly then leaned over her, kissing her temple. “See you tonight, baby.”
She didn’t move.
****
That evening, Reno attended a party at the home of one of Prairie Fire’s actors. Waiting for Chase to arrive from the studio, she sat on a barstool at a high patio table on the concrete deck surrounding the huge pool. Her floral sundress and sandals let her soak in the warm LA weather. In a few hours, she’d be back in the harsh South Dakota winter, fighting blizzards, freezing rain, blowing snow, and frigid temperatures.
Next to the table, the infinity pool ended abruptly with an impressive view of the city, its lights twinkling in the starry night, and a dry breeze blew Reno’s hair back from her face.
She could almost live here if it weren’t for the pollution, congestion, and noise. The wonderful solitude of her cozy stacked-log A-frame outside of Rapid City was a trade-off for the horrible weather there. She’d love to get Chase alone, snowed in for a month or two. Last night was—she shivered with pleasure—marvelous. He’d coaxed more orgasms from her in ten hours than she’d had in ten months. Her stud.
She needed to take it slow, let things happen naturally. She wouldn’t beg him to come and live with her or ask if she could go on the road with him for part of his upcoming tour. He’d take the lead and let her know what was on his mind—and in his heart.
Tracy strolled from the house out onto the deck wearing a sexy black dress with gold stiletto sandals. Her long, blonde hair hung softly over her shoulders. She carried two champagne flutes and a bottle of expensive champagne. Setting the glassware on Reno’s table, she slid onto an empty stool. “So, what did you do last night?”
Reno felt her face turning red. “Nothing. What did you do?”
“Went to bed early. We had retakes this morning.” She poured the bubbly into the glasses.
Chase’s laugh bounded across the patio.
Reno’s heart paused, then stampeded in triple time, and her breath caught. A reaction she hadn’t experienced since high school. She turned. He stood on the other side of the pool with three very famous actors and a man whose face she recognized but couldn’t place. Without his cowboy hat, Chase’s hair blew lightly in the breeze.
Tracy glanced at the men, too. “Oh God, is that Steele McLairn?” She gave a quiet whistle. “He’s gorgeous.” She sat up a little straighter and crossed her legs. “I’ve never seen him in person.”
With the name attached to the face, Reno couldn’t believe she hadn’t known him right away. He was nearly as famous as Chase in the country music world. Tall and dark, he had that bad-boy look going for him and a reputation to match. He went through women far too quickly and much too publicly.
“You’re a fan?” Reno watched Tracy’s face as she stared at Steele.
“Yep.” Tracy licked her lips. “Lots of fantasies about that cowboy.”
Cowboy fantasies? Reno knew about those. After last night, she could write a whole book of wicked things she’d like to do with her cowboy.
“Steele and Chase Tanner are much handsomer than those pretty-boy actors.” She sipped her champagne. “Chase was amazing in Prairie Fire. He should be in more pictures. He’s so…” She scrunched her face then smiled at Reno. “Rugged.”
Reno took a long look at him. Unexpected pain clenched her chest as she filed away this moment to view whenever she felt alone. She’d miss him. Terribly. “What do you know about him? Chase, I mean.”
“What do I know that you don’t know? Is that what you’re asking?
Reno felt her cheeks pinken.
“I mean,” Tracy waved her hand in the air. “You two were always talking during filming.” Her eyes narrowed. “You’re wondering if there’s something he didn’t tell you, right?”
Reno shrugged. “I’d like to hear the Hollywood gossip.”
“Ah, I have lots of that. He’s thirty, but he tells women he’s twenty-seven.” Tracy’s tone turned conspiratorial.
Reno bit back a smile. He’d told her the truth. That was a good sign.
“And he’s from Kentucky, an only child.” Tracy glanced back at the men. “He wanted to be a songwriter, but he won a singing contest when he was twenty and got a contract with an agent.”
“He’s got a ranch in Texas, but he didn’t talk much about it.”
“It’s a huge ranch, right on the Gulf.”
He’d be heading east to the sunny Gulf. She’d be heading north to the barren cold. So far away from each other. Worlds away.
His laughter echoed across the pool.
Reno closed her eyes. How would she live through this?
The sound of champagne splashing into glasses brought her out of her mood. Tracy had filled their flutes. “Let’s go over there. Chase can introduce me to...” She gave Reno a sly smile as she picked up her glass and stood. “Introduce us to Steele.”
Reno grabbed her champagne and caught up to Tracy. They headed around the pool to where the men stood in a circle talking.
“...and her voice was so shrill, we had to dub it over.” Steele laughed. “She looks so sexy, but when she opened her mouth...” His gaze shot to Reno, then to Tracy, and his unique gray-green eyes popped wide.
Reno glanced at her friend. Tracy smiled at the country star, putting every ounce of her sexy acting talent behind the look. Wow, what man could resist that?
Steele gestured to them. “We have company.” He stepped around two other men to stand beside Tracy. “Ladies, welcome.” He looked at them with those gorgeous eyes. Dark haired and very muscular, Steele’s star quality mesmerized Reno, and she could see why Tracy had a fascination for this man.
Chase winked at Reno and moved close beside her. “Miss Reno, Miss Tracy, let me introduce you.” He made introductions, Reno and Tracy shook hands with the three actors and Steele. Reno greeted them, but Tracy was strangely silent.
Steele tipped his head, looking at Tracy. “What role did you play in the movie?”
“I was the sister.” Tracy pitched her voice high and nasal. “I had very few speaking parts.”
Steele’s eyes went wide, then a grin curved his lips, and a loud laugh burst from his lungs. “Tracy, honey, I’ve seen you act before.” He took her hand and pressed her knuckles to his lips. “I know damn well what your sexy voice sounds like.”
She smiled and leaned closer to him. “But what if...” She spoke in her normal, sensual tone. “That wasn’t my real voice, and I actually do sound like an off-key mouse?”
Taking her elbow, the country star stared at her, looking like he wanted to scoop her up and carry her off.
Tracy leaned a tiny bit closer to Steele, her champagne glass quivering in her hand.
Reno looked up at Chase. He dragged his gaze from Steele and Tracy and waggled his brows.
One of the actors cleared his throat. “Looks like we’re out of luck here, guys.” The other two actors laughed, and all three of them wandered off.
Steele seemed to come out of his trance. Glancing at Reno, he still held Tracy’s arm. “So you’re the woman Chase has been talking about nonstop.”
She looked up at her cowboy, feeling a blush rise. “All good things, I hope.”
Steele nodded. “Of course.” He stepped a fraction closer to Tracy, and she leaned in just an inch. Amazing how they clicked so quickly. “How did you get into writing?”
Reno gave the condensed version and talked a little about screenplay writing. “How did you get into music?”
Steele shrugged. “Fell into it. My dad...” His face tightened, and his brows dropped. He looked at Chase, and the two shared a meaningful stare. Steele smiled at Reno. “Dad and Mom had a band that traveled around Texas and Louisiana, and my sister and I went with when we weren’t in school. Learned every part of the business.”
“Does your sister sing, too?” Tracy sipped her champagne.
His gaze dropped to Tracy’s face. “No. I guess the intensive immersion turned her away from music. She’s married and has a baby on the way.”
“Congratulations.” Reno and Tracy said it at the same time.
Steele and Tracy stared into each other’s eyes, and Reno knew she wouldn’t be getting any more out of him.
Chase rubbed his hand up and down Reno’s back, warming her deep inside as he tipped his head down to her ear. “Wanna get out of here?”
“I don’t want to leave Tracy alone.” Tracy and Steele conversed quietly.
Chase caught Steele’s gaze. “He’s a good guy. She’s safe with him.”
Tracy turned toward them. “Go, you two. Be together. It’s your last night.” She put her arms out and stepped toward Reno.
A burn of emotion clogged Reno’s throat “Thanks, Tracy.” Her words croaked as she hugged her friend. “I’ll miss you.”
“No, you won’t.” Tracy sniffed back tears. “I’m going to visit you in South Dakota as soon as it’s warm enough to be outside without dressing like an Eskimo.”
Reno laughed. “I’ll text you when it gets above eighty.”
“And I’ll be watching the weather to make sure you do.”
Reno said goodbye to Steele and turned into Chase’s arms.
He got them heading toward the exit. “It was a long day without you.”
If he got mushy on her, she would break down and… “Can we get out of here quickly?”
“Exactly what I was thinking.” He pulled her through the partiers, not giving anyone more than a few seconds to say goodbye.
Chase knew that was exactly what she needed. Just quick goodbyes and air kisses, then a few last minutes with him.
His sports car sat in front of the house, and they jumped in. He squealed the tires out of the driveway and slowed to cruise along the quiet neighborhood streets.
On a flat stretch, he took her hand. “Reno.” His brow furrowed, but he didn’t say more.
She watched his profile as they meandered past million-dollar houses. The quiet time together was what she wanted, yet so poignant it hurt. She’d miss him. Her phone beeped in her purse, and she let out a small cry. “That’s my reminder. I have to get to the airport.”
At a spot with a view of a canyon, Chase pulled over. He tightened his grip on her hand. “One more day, Reno. I promise I’ll make it worth the cost of another plane ticket.” His gaze shot to hers, and with every pulse through her veins, she wished she could stay with him.
Chapter Nine
Chase gritted his teeth and fought the urge to steal her away. He wasn’t ready to let her go.
Reno stared at him, her eyes sad, her mouth curled down in a frown. Her hand smoothed over his cheek. “I want to. I wish I could.” She pressed her lips together for a long moment. “But the studio is flying me home in one of their jets.” She swallowed hard. “On their way to Canada to pick up some execs who are fishing, or hunting, or something.” She glanced away. “My luggage is already on the plane.”
He opened his mouth to say he’d arrange for another flight, retrieve her luggage.
She squeezed his hand. “Please, don’t try to convince me. I have a meeting with my agent tomorrow morning, and….” She sucked in a choppy breath. “Putting it off is just going to make things harder. I need to get home.”
“All right.” He released her hand. His brain understood that this had to happen, but his chest ached with the unfairness of having no choice but to let her go. He lit up the tires for a few seconds. Childish, but effective in reducing his anger.
Both of them sat silently as he drove to the airport and found the studio’s hangar.
He wanted to argue. To swing a U-turn and kidnap her. To beg for one more day. She was right, though. The closer they got to each other now, the harder it would be when they were apart.
He helped her out of the car and walked her to the plane’s steps. This was tough. He didn’t know how to say goodbye.
She turned and attempted a wavering smile, then broke down and flung herself into his arms. “I’ll miss you, Chase.”
A clod of emotion lodged in his throat. “Yeah, me too.” He blinked to keep himself together. She felt too damn good in his arms. This was where she belonged.
“Okay.” She caught her breath and squared her shoulders, pushing back from him. “Goodbye.” She leaned in for a kiss.
He grabbed her, tipping her sideways and kissing her hard, desperately. He wanted every inch of her, just one more time. He slowed the kiss. It wasn’t meant to be. Not today, maybe not soon, but he had hopes for them, and he would never let them die.
When he set her up straight, she listed to the left, and he caught her. “Goodbye, Reno.”
She stood a moment, her fist clenching the fabric of his shirt. Looking down at her hand, she flattened her palm over the wrinkles, turned, and climbed the stairs.
He tucked his hands in his jeans pockets as her shadow passed the plane’s windows until she took a seat and looked out at him. As the plane taxied away, her hand pressed on the glass.
“It won’t be long.” He made the sentence a vow as he headed back to his car.
****
Three days later, Reno trekked through heavy falling snow. Her snowshoes strained their bindings, thick with the wet, sticky stuff. Her legs ached, but the exercise felt great. She topped the last hillock in the bare wheat field as the sky darkened with twilight. It was downhill the rest of the way to her house.
As she got closer, she spotted a big, black SUV in the driveway, covered with an inch of snow. “Huh.” Did her brother have a new vehicle? She trudged forward, a dozen thoughts going through her mind. Was it the FBI? Her heart skipped a beat—Chase?
She pushed herself faster, her stomach knotting and her head spinning as she imagined racing into his arms, pressing her lips to his...
Then she saw him. Standing on her porch in the last of the daylight. Her ex-boyfriend, Drake Blastad. Or “bastard,” as she preferred to call him.
Her body drained of adrenaline, and she nearly slumped to the ground. Why the hell did it have to be him?
She walked out of the deep snow onto the plowed driveway and up to the foot of the stairs. Unbuckling her snowshoes, she slid out of them, picked them up, and thwacked them together to shake loose the snow. Drake was the last man she wanted to see.
She looked at him. The cocky ass. Just showing up at her home without an invitation. Without warning.
He stared at her, his annoying grin as firmly in place as his wavy blond hair. “Hi.”
She nodded, climbed the stairs, and hung her snowshoes on nails in the horizontal logs.
He turned to follow her movement. “Can we talk?”
She dusted the snow off her powder blue jacket and pink hat, and mittens. Outside the covered porch, the snow fell steadily, creating a silence that made it seem as though they were the only people on earth. She’d let him say what he had to say then he could get the hell out of her life.
Crossing her arms over her chest, she lifted a brow. “Talk.”
His eyes opened wide. “This might take more than a few seconds.” He shivered. “Can we go inside?”
“No.” She didn’t want him in her home. This past year, she’d worked damn hard to build a wall between her heart and the memory of him, and she didn’t need any reminders of the hell he put her through.
“Reno, I think you will be interested in what I have to tell you. I pulled some strings, and I might be able to get you a teaching position.”
“I have a teaching position.”
He snorted. “Adult education classes? In South Dakota? You’re better than that.”
Her eyes narrowed. She had let him guide her career for two years, critiquing her last book from a soulful tale of a struggling family into a piece of literary fluff, well received by critics, but not by the buying public.
She had let him modify and polish her personality to fit into his world of snooty scholars, promising her it was the best career path for her. He went so far as to try to change her speech patterns, teaching her how he modified his voice tone and chose words to make himself seem more refined. It had taken her a while, but she’d wised up. Her job as an adult ed teacher was as important to her as her writing career.
He waited a few minutes, and when she didn’t move, he stepped to her door and opened it, gesturing for her to go in ahead of him.
She pursed her lips. Damn it, why didn’t she ever lock it? She stomped into the house, and he followed, shutting the door. She turned to him and waited, keeping her jacket on and letting her boots drip snow onto the mat, hoping he’d take the hint and leave quickly.
He fidgeted, his way of showing annoyance. “Okay. I see how it’s going to be. You’re not going to give me an inch of breathing room.” He stepped toward her.
She stood her ground, glaring.
“But you’re going to listen to me. I’m concerned about you, and I want to make sure you know what you’re getting into.”
Her forehead creased as she tried to fit the puzzle of his words together. Getting into? With adult education classes? “What are you talking about?”
“This man you’re seeing. Chase Tanner.”
“What?” How the hell…? Her mouth hung open, and she snapped it closed.
He reached into the breast pocket of his navy pea coat and pulled out a tabloid. “This is you, isn’t it?”
She took the rag. A picture of her gazing raptly at Chase brought heat to her face. “Yes. That’s me.” Sneaky asshole paparazzi. The caption read, 'Chase Tanner Sweet-Talking a Pretty Filly.' “Filly.” She snorted. “Do I really look like a horse?”
“Reno, I know that you and I didn’t end well.”
His words tore open the dark place inside her where she’d stored all her anger. She let her voice rise. “We didn’t end at all. You left me standing with a group of your friends while you sauntered out of the gala with another woman.”
He had the decency to look ashamed. For about three seconds. “I did phone to apologize, but you didn’t take my call.”
She snorted. “Yes, three days later.”
“I didn’t mean it to happen. We hit it off and got carried away.” He took back the tabloid, pointed to the picture. “This is—”
“Hold on.” He wasn’t changing the subject. “Carried away to Vegas? Amazing.” She crossed her arms, but it had to look silly with her puffy coat and pink mittens. “Are you still married to her?”
“Her name is Celeste, and yes, we’re together.”
“Of course you are. She’s a critic for a major newspaper. You’re a writer. She can do so much more for your career than I ever could.”
His face grew red, and his breath huffed out sharply, resembling a teapot about to boil. “That’s not what it’s about. And I did not mean to hurt you.”
She opened her mouth to spout more of the sarcastic bile she’d rehearsed for the day she finally ran into him.
“I still consider you a friend.” He cut her off. “A very important part of my life. And this man….” He backhanded the tabloid. “He’s not the right person for you.”
“Why? What can you possibly know about him?” This ought to be good.
“I know he’s not in your social strata. He’s handsome and charming, but his lifestyle is not compatible with yours.”
“That seems biased.” He hadn’t been an elitist while they were dating, but then, they’d never frequented events that were not literary-related.
“Can you see yourself with him at writers’ award dinners or scriptwriters’ galas?”
No, she couldn’t. Chase wouldn’t be uncomfortable in those situations, but he’d be bored to death. Heck, some of the speeches even made her drowsy. But no one had the right to tell her whom she should date. “Who the hell are you to come back into my life and give me advice?”
“A man who knows you. Well.”
She pointed to the door. “I’ve heard enough. Goodbye.” She bent and unlaced her boots and slipped her feet out of them, then pulled off her wet stocking cap and mittens, shoving them into her coat pockets. She took off her coat and hung it on the rack.
Drake hadn’t moved. “Reno. Why are you so contrary?”
She faced him, shoulders squared. “Contrary?” Her hands fisted. “You say you know me, but you do not know anything about me. Instead of getting to know me, you tried to remake me into what you wanted me to be. Luckily Celeste happened, and I was able to escape.” She gestured to the door. “That’s your cue to exit.”
He stared for a few minutes as if he didn’t recognize her. “Reno, I’m sorry. That’s all in the past. It’s your future I’m concerned about.”
How was he able to turn things around so effectively that she felt like the one who was wrong? “Do not concern yourself with my relationship with Chase.”
He let out a breath and tipped his head. “Please, at least let me tell you about the teaching opportunity.”
“Is there a teaching job? Or was that just a way for you to get in the door?”
“There is a teaching job. It’s a grant awarded to a creative writing professional. It covers all expenses for four months—overseas—and it pays a salary.” His lips curved into a smile. “They need someone who can start in five weeks. Since it’s mid-school-year, there are very few teachers available to apply. Fewer yet who have a literary background and speak French. And, you’ll love this; I have some input into the choice of candidates.”
He knew her weakness. “Tell me.”
“Could I please have a cup of tea? I’m frozen solid.”
If a cup of tea was the price she’d have to pay to hear about the job, she’d make herself put up with him for half an hour. She sighed and stomped into the kitchen. Behind her, he took off his shoes, dropping them on the floor. His coat rustled as he hung it on the creaky old rack.
She set two mugs of water to cook in the microwave and turned to watch him. He headed to the fireplace and put logs on the embers. Like he’d done a hundred times while they were together. Holed up here, writing in their separate corners.
“Don’t get too comfortable, Drake.”
“You’re not going to let me stay?” He gestured toward the door. “There’s a storm coming.”
She glanced out the window. The sky had darkened since they stepped inside, and the snow came down heavier. “You’re not staying. You’ve got four-wheel drive.”
“Fine.” He strolled to the couch and sat. “I’ll make this fast, then. There’s a last-minute vacancy for a fiction writer teaching graduate students. I can help you secure it.”
“Hmm.” Her lips pursed, and her eyes narrowed. Did she trust this man? Teaching college students was her ultimate aspiration, and he knew that. “Does your wife know you’re here?”
He sat back and spread an arm across the top of the couch. “Yes, she does. We can get her on speaker phone if you’d like.”
“She trusts you?” She let out a humorless laugh. “Foolish woman.”
“Yes, she trusts me.” He breathed slowly and loudly a few times.
Reno remembered him doing that when they fought. Which was a lot. Two writers trying to build a relationship, jealousy and competitiveness became high hurdles to overcome.
“What if I….” She nodded to the bear rug and big pillows on the floor in front of the fireplace and pitched her voice low and slow. “What if I seduced you, Drake?”
His eyes widened.
She sashayed across the floor as the microwave beeped.
He laughed. “You wouldn’t even attempt it. Reno Linden, seducing a married man? Ha! You’re far too conservative to even contemplate it.” He laughed again, his guffaws sounding genuine.
Reno bit back a smile, startled by her impetuous behavior. Yeah, he was right. She’d never go in that direction. Even as revenge. She growled and headed back into the kitchen to make their tea. “All right, tell me about this teaching job, so you can get out of here before you’re snowed in.”
They talked for three hours, and by the time he was ready to leave, the roads were closed, and they were officially stranded. She let him sleep in her guest bedroom and, in the morning, called her brother to drive his tractor over and plow them out.
At the front door, Drake kissed her on the cheek before she could move out of his reach. “Think about what I said.” His face sobered. “About Chase Tanner.”
She opened her mouth to speak.
Holding up a hand, he cut her off. “Just think about it, okay?” He turned and headed across the porch and down the steps.
She closed the door and went to the window. Drake stood in the driveway in the blinding morning sun, chatting with her brother. After a few minutes, the two men shook hands and left, Drake in his SUV, Cody on a tractor with a snow blower attachment.
Reno was surprised and overwhelmed by Drake’s offer to help her acquire a teaching position. It was something she desperately wanted to do, but it would mean more time away from Chase.
She got a pot of coffee brewing and unplugged her cell phone from the charger. No calls. She sat at the table with a bowl of cereal and the tabloid, recapturing the emotion that ran through her when the photo was taken. She picked up her phone to call him then set it down. “No.” She needed to let him lead. Three days had passed without a word from him. Maybe she needn’t worry about Chase Tanner. He could very well have forgotten her.
Chapter Ten
“Reno, get on a plane,” Chase demanded through her phone ten minutes later.
Joy clogged her throat, and her laugh came out shaky. “Just any plane?” She pushed her chair back from the kitchen table, stood, and set her cereal bowl in the sink. Had her thoughts of him conjured the call?
“No. Get your butt to Texas!”
The animation in his voice sent chills skittering across her skin. How had three days waiting for his call felt like three months? With each passing hour, more doubt had crept in, but here he was, pushy as always. She loved every demanding word he spoke.
“Nice invitation, cowboy.” Turning back to the table, she ran her finger over Chase’s profile on the magazine cover. “What about your retakes?”
“I worked the crew overtime and finished. Start packing, woman. I want you here. Now.”
She practically floated across the room and snuggled into a chair by the window. Looking at the snow, a huge smile spread across her face. “Is it warm there?”
“Hell yeah! And if you’re not warm enough,” his voice dropped low and sexy. “I’ll warm you up myself.”
Her head dropped back onto the cushion. Lust, pure and addictive, pulsed through her as it rushed full-speed to her pussy. “Promise?” She purred the word.
“Promise.” His voice growled in return. “Can you get away?”
“Hell yeah!” Reno jumped on the next plane to Texas.
****
Reno deplaned in Houston and practically ran through the airport, following the arrows pointing to the baggage claim. Riding down the packed escalator, she scanned the crowd standing outside the glass wall separating them from the secured area.
He wasn’t there. She looked again, searching through the sea of cowboy hats and denim, then spotted him by his smile alone. The collar of his jean jacket was turned up, and he wore a pair of aviator sunglasses, but the flash of his grin was unmistakable and so dear to her, she could never see it enough. In one hand, he carried a dozen red roses, and his other hand lifted in a wave that looked more like he was reaching for her.
Her breath caught in her lungs. She stepped out of the secured area and right into his arms. The warmth of him pressing against her filled her with a tenderness she hadn’t experienced with a lover before. Was her heart really beating that fast? Or was it his?
He hugged her tight, a low rumble escaping his lungs. The roses batted her on the arm. “Baby, I was lonely without you.”
His admission set butterflies flapping in her stomach. “Oh Ch—”
He cut her off with a kiss. “Don’t use my name.” He kissed her hair over her ear. “There are always people watching for me here.”
She tamped down the urge to look around for paparazzi and smiled up at him. “Billy Joe, I sure did miss you, too.”
He tipped his head and grinned. “I look like a Billy Joe, huh?”
Reno slid her fingers along the nape of his neck, feeling the soft hair hidden under his jacket collar. “You look like heaven to me.”
His brow furrowed. “Reno. There’s so much I want to tell you.” He took a breath and broke the spell by stepping back. “Here.” Handing her the flowers, he turned them toward the baggage claim. “Let’s get your suitcase and go home.”
Home. She craved the comfort of being alone with him on his ranch. Staying there…indefinitely? She smelled the lovely roses. At least until her class started.
With his arm around her shoulders and hers around his lower back inside his jacket, they wound through the crowd. Chase blended in as he never had in LA. After they found her bag, they went outside into the warm, bright sunshine. Reno expected to see a limo waiting, but he wheeled her suitcase across the street to the parking ramp, holding her hand and talking about all the preparation he’d asked his housekeeper and cook to handle.
“You like salmon and steak, right? I thought we’d have that tonight. Tomorrow we can break out the lobster tails.”
“Wow. I’m going to need my buffet pants if we’ll be eating all that.”
He smiled and lifted her hand to his lips for a kiss. “Don’t worry. I remembered your Greek yogurt for breakfast.”
She sucked in a deep breath. Amazing that he knew all her favorites, and considerate of him to cater to her that way. “Thank you, Chase.” She glanced around. “I mean Billy Joe.”
“Very stereotypical of you to pick that name, you know.”
She glanced up at his face. His smirk told her he was teasing. “I’m looking forward to your breaking me of my preconceived notions about Texas.”
He stopped behind a very large, pearly-white pickup truck, opened the truck bed cover, and set her suitcase in, re-securing the top. He turned to her, his eyelids drooping sensually. “Baby, I’m looking forward to breaking you in like a wild bronco.”
A sliver of delight pierced her, low in her belly, arrowing down to her pussy lips. “It’s going to be a fast ride, cowboy. You’d better hang on tight.”
****
Chase’s nostrils flared, and his body tensed. Looking around, he didn’t spot anyone, so he took her wrist and tugged her toward the passenger door, hiding them between vehicles. “Goddamn, I want you, woman.” He pulled her against him and slipped his hands down her back to her firm, round ass. Lifting her, he pressed her mound against the evidence of his need. His shaft pulsed hot and hard against her softness.
She groaned, and her body responded with shudders. “I want you too, Chase. How far is your ranch?” She pressed her lips to his.
He kissed her, hard and hungry, his tongue relearning her mouth, searching urgently for her response. She kissed him back just as fiercely. Her arms locked around his neck, the kiss so physical, they tapped teeth a couple times.
Chase pulled back. “It’s too far to the ranch. Let’s get a hotel.”
She giggled. “I happen to know that it’s only an hour.”
He stared at her face, memorizing it. “That’s about fifty-nine minutes too long, but if you can wait….” He drew in a dramatic breath. “I guess I can, too.”
He released her, and she shimmed down his body to stand on her high-heeled boots. “Let’s see what this big, fancy truck can do on the freeway.”
Forty-five minutes later, Chase pulled into the first stall of his five-car garage and looked into Reno’s huge, round eyes. “What?”
“This is a mansion.”
He nodded. “When my first record went platinum, I got a little crazy, I guess.” Slipping his fingers under his hat, he scratched his scalp. “I had it designed based on seven episodes of a TV show about the rich and famous’ homes.”
She stared, silent. Was she overwhelmed? He had to get her back on solid ground.
He jumped out of the truck and came around to her side, helping her down from the high seat. She held her purse, the roses, and a black wool sweater which she’d shucked on the ride here, and her pink t-shirt and jeans molded over her delicious curves. No, he wasn’t going to kiss her in the garage when they were two minutes from his bedroom. He grabbed her suitcase, and they stepped into the foyer.
“Wow.” She looked around the gold-hued marble entry. High ceilings and walls of windows facing the Gulf could easily intimidate a country girl like Reno. He knew what to do to get her mind off the different lifestyles they led, and it had to do with a king-size bed, her laying naked on it, and him pressing down on top of her. The visual sent an immediate surge of blood to his cock. He grabbed her hand. “Tour can wait. We can’t.” He gestured toward the curving stairway. “Up.”
He got them moving and hauled her suitcase through the foyer to the foot of the stairs.
She laughed. “I like the caveman routine.”
“Oh yeah?” He set her suitcase on the floor and turned to her, grinning as he bent his knees and lifted her arm over his head. “I’m gonna toss you over my shoulder and carry you to my cave.”
“Chase, no!” Reno laughed, trying to get away.
Chase started to pick her up just as his cook and housekeeper entered from the back of the house.
“Uh…Mr. Tanner?” The cook removed his white cap. Next to him, the housekeeper’s cheeks turned red as she busied herself smoothing the pocket on her apron.
Chase froze and straightened, then put his hand on Reno’s back, sending her an apology with his expression.
He still saw laughter in her eyes despite her sexy blush.
“Reno Linden, I’d like you to know Sue Lynn Becker and Sam Weston.”
The employees smiled and nodded politely, but in her unpretentious style, she stepped forward and shook their hands. “It’s good to meet you. I look forward to getting to know you.”
Sue Lynn’s hesitant smile spread and took over her face, and Sam looked at Reno like he was surprised that a woman Chase brought home had actual manners.
True, the last woman he’d invited here was as nasty to his workers as she was to him. Reno was not like Jorjia. Not one damn bit. Except for her IQ.
“Do you live here in the...house?” Reno had hesitated. Was she going to call it a mansion?
Sue Lynn shook her head. “I live in town, and Sam has a place out by the roadhouse.”
Reno glanced at Chase, and he could almost read his mind. She planned to get loud and wild, and he couldn’t wait to get her started.
“May I put those in water for you?” Sue Lynn gestured toward the roses, and Reno handed them over with a smile.
“Mr. Tanner?” The cook resettled his hat on his head. “When would you like lunch served?”
Chase grinned at Reno and took her hand. “In about an hour, Sam. Thanks.” The staff disappeared into the back of the house. He picked up her suitcase and led her up the stairs, his boots making good time on the thick carpet, Reno’s boots jogging just as fast behind him.
He pulled them inside the double doors of his bedroom, shut them, and turned the lock.
Reno was already at the high bed, skimming her fingers over the navy silk comforter. She stepped to the patio doors facing the Gulf, then turned back to the fireplace and the big white leather sectional couch spread out in front of it. She glanced at him. “This is so lovely.” She gestured to the water. “Everything. The house, the view.” She smiled. “It’s like a fairy tale.”
Damn, it was good having her here. She fit just fine, like she could make this her home. With him, and maybe a few little ones later. The thought startled him a bit, but he pushed it aside for now.
He strode over to her, pulled off his hat, and tossed it onto the couch. “I wanted you to like it.” Sliding his hands up her arms, he settled them on her shoulders and looked into her eyes.
“What’s that look for?” She pressed her palms to his chest.
He shrugged and wrapped his arms around her, focusing on what he held right now. “It’s good to have you here.”
“I’m hungry.” Her voice purred low and sexy. She grabbed fistfuls of his t-shirt and yanked the bottom up out of his jeans.
“Whatever you want, baby.” His mind switched to sex just that easily, and his body juiced up, ready to show her how much he’d missed her. After pulling off his jean jacket, he let her tug his shirt over his head.
Her hands landed on his ribs, and she traced them to his abs, where she slipped her fingers down his stomach to his low-riding jeans. She looked up at him as she snuck her fingers beneath his waistband, touching the head of his hard shaft.
“I want you inside me, Chase.” Her face turned deadly serious, and he couldn’t hold out any longer.
With coordinated agility, he pulled off her boots while she undid his belt and jeans. He tugged her t-shirt over her head while she wiggled out of her jeans. In seconds, his boots were off, her bra was gone, and they stood naked, admiring each other in the sunshine flooding through the windows.
“You’re beautiful.” He cupped her breasts and bent to kiss them, then sucked a hard nipple into his mouth. Nothing felt this perfect or tasted this sweet. The sounds she made drove him wild.
Picking her up in his arms, he strolled to the bed and laid her carefully on the comforter. The dark silk highlighted the creaminess of her flawless skin. He ran his hands along her thighs, and she watched him through heavy-lidded eyes, her breath fast and loud.
He should finesse her, love her with his mouth, make her come with his tongue—twice—but the need to push his hard cock inside her hot slit consumed him. When she bent her knees and spread her legs for him, the way he loved, it was out of his control.
His bed was tall enough that with a slight adjustment to his stance, he could easily slip his rod into her pussy. His fingers played in her curls, finding the hard nub of her clit and tapping gently. The scent of her arousal hit him, and there was no more playing around. He skimmed his hand down her pussy lips, finding them wet and hot.
As he eased one finger in, she arched off the bed and cried out, her hands gripping the fabric on each side of her. He slipped another finger in, and her squeak of pleasure registered through his belly and all the way to his balls, tightening them to the point where he was ready to shoot his load.
As he withdrew his fingers, her hot cream dripped onto the bedspread. He wanted to spend the rest of the day staining every inch of the damn thing.
“Condom.” She gestured behind him. “There’s a box in my suitcase.”
Chapter Eleven
“Sure.” He didn’t blame her for being careful, even if she was on the pill. He’d never had sex without a condom, never in his whole life, but with Reno, as soon as he could convince her to move in, he’d bring up the subject of relying on just the pill.
Goddamn, the idea of slamming his big dick bareback into her tight little cunt… His balls pulsed again, and he had to get his mind back on the condom search before all his blood flew south and left his brain useless.
He unzipped her bag.
“Left pocket.” Her voice rolled softly, a seductive tune.
He found the box and had his cock sheathed in some kind of tickler, for-her-pleasure, extra sensitive, whatever. At least it wasn’t purple. Hell, he’d even wear purple if she asked, as long as he could be inside her.
She lay on the bed watching his every move, her arms above her head, her knees bent, and her tempting cunt open and waiting for him.
Her pouty pussy lips gleamed with moisture, luring him in. He could look at her for hours. Days. Even years, if she’d let him. Standing between her legs again, he kissed her knee then the inside of her thigh.
“Please.” She whispered the word as his mouth lingered over the opposite thigh. “Fuck me, Chase.”
He smiled. He was the man who taught her that naughty, sexy language, but his face sobered as he lifted her legs straight in the air, pressing them against his chest, the touch of her silky skin ramping up his desire. The head of his cock touched her slick lips, and it was all over.
“Say it again.” He nudged her cunt with his shaft. The pressure building at the base of his spine nearly overpowered his self-control.
“Fuck me. Fuck me hard.” Her voice broke as she shifted her hips, trying to get more of him inside her.
He pushed in, but as much as he wanted to go slow, it didn’t happen, and he buried himself to his balls. “So fucking tight. Hot and wet. Goddamn, I can’t….” Every nerve buzzed as if he would implode. He reached between them, his thumb immediately finding her clit.
She screamed his name and closed her eyes, her muscles quivering and her canal contracting around his cock. His blood boiled, and his hips pumped faster, each thrust deeper until he couldn’t contain the pressure. A jet of cum shot from his staff, so powerful and consuming that his mind shut down. He had to brace himself on the bed, his hands beside her breasts. Each spurt of ejaculate sent a fire racing up his spine and into his brain, weakening him.
He rolled to the side, pulling her with him, his cock still half inside her, jerking with the last traces of his epic climax. His brain rallied slowly, one cell at a time, until he knew where he was again and who he miraculously held in his arms once more.
With her eyes closed, she made a grumpy face and threw one leg over his hip, pulling his body closer, sliding his still-erect cock back into her. “I don’t ever want to be empty again.”
He smiled and kissed her forehead. Could this mean she was thinking about long-term as well? When should he ask her? How? He made his living with words, but this was different. These words weren’t meant for millions to hear, they were meant for only one perfect woman, and he had to get it right the first time.
He shook off the tension building in his shoulders. When the time was right, he’d know it, and the inspired sentences would flow from the poet side of his brain. For now, he was damn happy just having her in his bed.
****
After lunch, as they sat at a cute patio table beside the cowboy boot-shaped pool, Reno finally relaxed. Chase had sent Sue Lynn and Sam home and busied himself playing the attentive host. He refilled her glass with ice and sweet tea and offered her another of her favorite oatmeal raisin cookies, baked that morning by Sam.
She could see nervousness in his eyes and hear it in his words. Something was going on with him, but she was too afterglow-happy to delve into it. When he was ready to talk, he’d unload. Making love to Chase had been wild and manic, and both of them had come too fast, but they would have lots of time to work on their stamina.
Taking her hand, Chase gave her a tour of his home. She could barely come up with words to describe the opulence. Rich wood floors covered by contemporary rugs that felt inches thick under her feet. Lots of leather furniture in colors matching each room’s décor.
They didn’t go downstairs, but he explained how he’d built the basement as a recording studio, soundproofed and with a loading dock that she hadn’t noticed when they’d been outside. He’d added a half-dozen guest rooms for musicians to crash after a session. While on the same level as the studio, the bedrooms were built into the sloping hillside and had windows so they didn’t feel like prison cells.
They walked into the billiard room, and she gently rolled the queue ball across the red felt table. “It’s like a museum.” She whispered as if she were in a gallery.
“It’s fancy, but it needs a woman’s touch to make it cozy.” He stepped up behind her and pulled her back against him. “Do you think…?” His voice cracked.
She turned her head and looked up at him. His eyes held an intensity that was either determination or fear. Or both. “Don’t ask me for any decorating advice. I’m useless with pillows and tchotchkes.” She craned her neck to see his face.
“No, that’s not... I wanted to know what you think of it. If you could see….” He closed his eyes for a second then stared at the ceiling. Was he looking for the words to ask her something?
She turned in his arms and hugged him around the waist. “What is it, Chase?” It seemed serious.
With a look of frustration, he shrugged. “How about a ride?”
“On a horse?” The panic in her voice conveyed only half of what she felt.
His brows lifted as he gazed into her eyes. “Let’s start with a four-wheeler and work our way up.”
****
Chase tucked Reno behind him on a big, green four-wheeler and showed her the ranch, his chest swelling with pride at her excited comments. The next morning, he gave her a riding lesson in a corral. When she had the rhythm, they rode their horses along the beach. The morning of the second day, they sailed out into the Gulf. In the heat of the afternoon, they made frozen drinks and floated in the pool for hours, talking. Each evening they took long, quiet strolls, holding hands and watching the sunset. He even picked wild bluebonnets and tucked them in her hair. Shit, he was a total fool for her, and he didn’t care.
The third afternoon of her visit, Chase stomped into the house from the barn and found Reno in the library, sitting in a chair typing on her laptop.
He leaned over behind her and kissed her neck. “Am I interrupting?”
She clicked save and turned her head, kissing him on the lips. “Nope. Just finished.”
“Good.” He resettled his cowboy hat on his head. “Let’s go for a ride.”
“Okay.” She shut down the computer. “Let me get my purse.” She stood and looked at him, uncertainty crinkling her forehead. “Um…”
He looked down at his white muscle shirt, stained with dirt and sweat. “I was thinking a ride on horseback. I need to cool down, and I want to show you the west side of the ranch. There’s a lake we can swim in.”
Smiling, she sashayed past him. “Let me get my swimsuit and change into riding clothes.”
“I’ll meet you out front. The horses are saddled and ready, and I had the cook pack a picnic for us.”
Reno swung back and kissed him. “How thoughtful.”
His hands ached to hold her, but he was a smelly mess from working in the stables. “Hurry up. I’m hotter than sin on a Saturday night.”
She grinned and skittered out of the room and up the foyer stairs. “I’ll be right down.”
Watching her sweet butt hustle up the steps, he licked his lips. Goddamn, he wanted her. His cock shot full of blood, pressing painfully against his zipper.
He’d take her swimming, feed her whatever fancy chow the cook rustled up, then give her a ride she’d never forget.
****
Two hours later, they lay on a blanket at the edge of the lake. Reno in her now-dry bikini, Chase in his trunks, feeling human again after he’d washed off the grime.
His horse, Smoke, and the gentle filly Reno rode stood under a nearby tree munching on sweet grass.
Lying on her back, Reno stared up into the tree branches. “Delicious. Where did you find a cook who makes cilantro-lime shrimp salad and stuffs it into a popover?” She patted her stomach.
“He likes having you in the house. He gets away with all that fancy shit. Pardon my language.” He turned his head to look up at the tree, trying to see what kept her fascinated up there. “I like a steak or burger. Ribs. Fish sometimes.”
“Not a popover-type guy, huh?”
He let out a laugh. “Not hardly. But for you….” He rolled onto his side and touched his hand to the warm skin on her stomach. “I’d even eat French food.”
Now she laughed. “What’s so terrible about French food?”
“Snails.”
“Snails? I can’t imagine anyone cooking them for you. On purpose. Have you ever tried them?”
“Yep. The first cook I hired wanted to expand my grocery list. Didn’t work. He lasted about two weeks, and I sent him packing.”
“Did he put cream sauce on your ribs instead of barbecue sauce?”
“Damn near.” He sat up and settled his hat on his head. “The fool tried to stuff a ribeye steak with some kind of pigeon.”
“Squab?”
“Yeah, that’s what he called it. The guy was nuttier than a squirrel turd.”
She laughed and rolled toward him. He loved her smile. “I’m loving this, Chase. Having you to myself like this.”
He should have told her earlier, but he hadn’t wanted to tarnish their first days together alone. “I gotta warn you. There’ll be some musicians coming tonight, staying a few days. They’ll be working, mostly. Staying downstairs in the guest bedrooms.”
“Okay. That’ll be fun. Can I watch?”
Running his hand down the silky skin of her arm, he nodded. “Sure. I’ll be laying some guitar tracks with them, and I’ll set you up in the booth.”
“I’ll be your roadie.”
He glanced down at her breasts, barely covered by her pink bikini, and his cock stiffened.
“C’mon over here, roadie, girl.”
Her cheeks pinked up to match her swimsuit, and she batted her lashes. “What do you have in mind, cowboy?”
As he pushed one cloth triangle to the side of her breast, his fingers caressed her tight nipple, stroking it, squeezing just enough to let her know he was serious. He replaced his fingers with his lips. He bit the sweet bud and flicked it with his tongue.
She moaned and grabbed his biceps.
His hand slid down her soft skin to the top of her bikini bottom, then slowly snuck under the fabric, finding her clit hard for him, and her lips juicy and just starting to swell.
Within seconds he had her bottom off, and he pressed a finger up into her sweet cunt. “Goddamn, woman. You make me insane.”
“Do I?” She writhed on the blanket.
“You know you do. You mosey around my house with that twitchy little ass of yours.” He eased his finger out of her and reached into the pocket of his trunks for a condom.
“Twitchy little…how dare you?” Her voice snapped, but a grin lit her face. She stood and fisted her hands on her hips. “I thought I had a bodacious ass, like in your song.” She turned and sashayed away through the tall grass and wildflowers, watching him over her shoulder.
Her smooth skin in the sunlight made his mouth water for a long, sensuous lick of every part of her. That curvy ass, damn if he didn’t want to push his cock into her puckered little hole, but he was too fired up to fuck her back door right now. He’d save that pleasure for a day when he had more patience. Right now, he had to be inside her…
“Get your ass back here.” He arched up to tug off his trunks. His cock bounced free in the warm air.
“You didn’t say please.” She flipped her hair back at him and bent at the waist to pick a flower.
The view of her sweet pussy framed by her perfect, round ass was outrageous. He palmed his shaft, running his hand along its length, wanting it to be her skin.
He should beg, just to get his cock inside her, but whatever game she was playing, he wanted to play, too. “Woman! Don’t make me come after you!”
She straightened, showing him her profile. “You could never catch me, old man.”
“Old?” He leaped to his feet, and she jerked, dropping the flower. “I’ll show you old.” He stalked toward her.
She let out a shriek and bolted in the opposite direction, laughing crazily.
He took a hop then ran hard and fast. He was upon her in seconds. Grabbing her around the waist, he lifted her off her feet. “There’s no getting away from me, Reno.”
She slapped at his hands. “Let me go, you evil letch.”
He released her only to take one wrist, bend and grasp her opposite knee, and lift her over his shoulder in a fireman’s carry, her warm skin rubbing against his, kindling a fire in each nerve she touched.
She squealed and laughed. “Chase, you put me down.”
Dominating her this way sent a rush of desire through him, making her weight feel like a feather as he strode back to their blanket. Reaching up, he swatted her behind. “You hush now.”
Her indrawn breath was followed by a soft moan. “And if I don’t hush?”
He spanked her again, harder, and she whimpered, a sound he recognized as pleasure. His woman liked a little discipline. And he’d enjoy giving it. A fresh surge of blood pulsed into his cock as he visualized how he wanted her. On her hands and knees in front of him, her ass high in the air, her slit open and slick for him.
At their blanket, he set her down, and when she turned to scamper off again, he held her wrist. “Uh-uh. The only place you’re going is on your knees.”
Her eyelids drooped, and she bit her lip, her body shivering even in the Texas heat. She obeyed, kneeling before him staring up at him just inches from the head of his stiff cock. She licked her lips and looked at his shaft.
A glistening drop of pre-cum formed on the tip, and without hesitation, her pointy tongue slipped out and licked it from him.
His body shuddered with hot, mind-bending lust. He almost gave in and let her suck him off, but he wanted to follow her lead. He’d play the dominant to her submissive today. A game he’d love to play more often with her.
“I didn’t tell you to lick me, woman.”
She batted her eyes at him. “I do what I want.” She licked him again. “What are you going to do about it?”
“Ah, naughty girl. You know what happens when you don’t obey.” He stepped behind her. “Spread your legs for me.”
She complied, and he thrilled at the shiver that visibly vibrated her body.
He knelt, his legs between hers, only touching her in one place, the head of his rod on her plump ass cheek. The contact sent a volt of electricity charging up his cock to his balls.
“What happens when I don’t obey?” Breathy excitement filled her words.
He wanted to touch her. To hold her and kiss her neck, play with her nipples and find her clit, but this was her game, and he’d play by her rules. For a while. “Bend over.”
She did, setting her hands on the blanket.
The scent of her tangy musk reached his nostrils. His cock jerked, wanting to be pumping into that sweet, creamy pussy. “Further.” He needed to see how far she’d go with this.
Immediately, she bent lower, pressing her cheek to the blanket, her arms over her head. “Chase.” He barely heard her whisper.
He swatted her butt cheek. “Do you deserve a spanking?”
“Mmm-hmm.”
This time, he smacked her harder but on the other cheek. “Have you been naughty?”
“Yes. Very, very naughty.”
The wind picked up and folded the corners of the blanket, but Chase didn’t care about anything but this sex goddess offering herself to him.
He spanked her ass four times, leaving red handprints on her white skin. Had he been too rough?
She cooed. “Even naughtier.”
Her invitation to make it rougher sent a harsh buzz through him, and he paused to open the condom and roll it on his pulsing cock. Thrusting his hips forward until he touched her, the heat of her slit burned him through the condom.
Letting out a cry, she arched back onto his cock, impaling herself, a shudder ripping through her body. “You feel so huge inside me.”
His head dropped back with the pleasure of his shaft deep inside her canal, but he couldn’t follow his body’s urge to jackhammer into her. She started this game, but now it was his turn to make the rules. With his hands on her ass, he withdrew and spanked her. Hard. A half a dozen times. “I set the pace, woman.”
“Please. Don’t make me wait.”
Her whimper turned him wild. An inch at a time, he jerked his rod inside her slick cunt, punctuating each thrust with a slap. “Do you like that? When I fuck you and spank you?”
****
Reno’s face pressed into the blanket, and her nipples rubbed against the cloth, working up friction as Chase eased his cock into her pussy. “Uh-huh. Yes. More. Please.” She hadn’t been spanked before. When the idea popped into her head today, she didn’t know how to ask him for it. So she’d teased and taunted him until he got the message.
God, how he jumped right in and took over. The sting on her ass combined with the pleasure of his big, hard staff gliding in and out of her slit turned up the heat inside her, melting her inhibitions, making her crave more.
He rammed into her, deep and fast, and smacked her a couple times, but quickly there were fewer slaps as his palms grasped her butt cheeks and held her in place while he pistoned his cock into her sensitive canal, his balls slapping against her mound.
His hand stroked down from her ass to her clit, barely touching her before her pussy convulsed around his shaft, her body shivering and shimmering out of reality, into a pleasure so fantastic that it brought tears to her eyes.
He joined her in orgasm, his groan loud. “Reno, goddamn, I want to….” He thrust into her, his thigh muscles bumping hard against her soft ones as he sought to bury himself deeper. On her ass, the hand that held her tightened on her skin as he shuddered to a stop, panting, his flesh hot where he pressed against her.
They collapsed onto the blanket with him behind and half on top of her. The delightful shivers that whipped crazily through her body slowed. Her consciousness returned her to their secluded spot by the lake.
He wrapped an arm around her and kissed her neck, then bit her lightly, sucking her skin into his mouth, leaving his mark. “Mine.”
She closed her eyes and snuggled into the arm he held around her. Reno pressed his palm to the valley between her breasts. “My heart is yours, too.”
Chase stiffened.
Reno’s eyelids popped open, and she glanced up at him. What had she said? It was too early to talk about…love. He looked down at her, his face scrunched into a confused frown. Or was it?
Smoke nickered and tossed his head. Chase’s hat tumbled along the path. Another brief gust sent it flying further away.
Chase jumped up and went after it, and Reno watched his tight ass flex as he ran, her mouth watering for a nibble.
He set his hat on his head and looked out over his land, a potent mixture of pride and appreciation on his face. The same way she looked at her home in South Dakota. She loved the idea that he was so much like her. Hardworking, unaffected by stardom. Born and raised in a small town, valuing people for who they were, not what they owned. Not like Drake and not like the literary elite he called “friends.” She’d never fit into his crowd, no matter how hard Drake had tried to reshape her.
How would she fit into Chase’s crowd? He talked about the guys in his band, his manager, a few of the neighbors, and a half dozen country stars he called friends. What would they think of her? Just another in a long line of Chase’s women? She would prove to them she was good for Chase. A worthy partner for him.
He caught her stare. “What’s on your mind, Reno?”
Chapter Twelve
Reno sat on the blanket as Chase stood over her, gloriously naked except for his hat. She smiled, then glanced away. She wasn’t ready to share this intimate trail of thoughts with him. It’d probably scare him half to death, anyway.
Across the lake, the sun snuck below the treetops, sparkling its last rays on the waves made by a fresh breeze. Birds chirped in the willow tree on the shoreline. She could be happy here.
Caught by the wind, the condom packet tumbled against her leg. She picked it up and tucked it into the picnic basket. She’d brought a lot of them with her, wanting to contribute her half of the birth control expense since she hadn’t been able to start taking the pill yet. Her periods had always been irregular, and she had to wait until after her next period to start the oral contraceptive. She just had to be patient.
“Look.” He pointed to the lake.
Her hat floated, half-submerged in the middle of the lake like a waterlogged canoe. “Oh pooh. I paid twelve dollars for that hat.”
“Twelve bucks? Hell, can’t waste all that money. Let’s go rescue it.” He secured his hat under the picnic basket and walked backward a couple steps. “Race you.” He took off without warning.
“Cheat!” She laughed as she scrambled to her feet and followed.
He whooped and hooted as he did a high-step run into the shallows, then dove in when it got deep enough. The cool water brought goosebumps to her sex-heated and sun-warmed skin. By the time she caught up to him in the middle of the lake, Chase had her soggy, unstarched hat on his head.
“Ruined?” She tread water next to him.
“Yup. We’ll have to go to town and shop some.”
She swam closer, wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his shoulders. His big muscles worked harder to keep them both afloat. “I don’t want to go to town. I want to stay here.”
“Forever?” His tone sounded teasing, but his eyes looked serious. He waited for an answer.
The sweet knowledge that he waded into the same intimidating waters as she did gave her heart a jolt. She didn’t want to rush it. Not with this man, who possessed every quality she was looking for in a mate. They had to go slowly, set a good, strong base for their relationship.
She winked. “For now.”
****
When they rode their horses past the house toward the barn an hour later, two pickup trucks and a sports car sat in the driveway. “You’ll get your chance to see that studio session tonight if you want.”
Reno looked down at her swimsuit. “I can shower first, right?”
He laughed. “Yeah. There’s no way those horny cowboys are gonna see you in that skimpy thing.
“Possessive, aren’t you.”
Turning his head, he leaned toward her, rested his hand on the back of her saddle, and captured a kiss. “Damn right.”
Fifteen minutes later, after they’d shared a quick shower, Chase gave her instructions on how to get down to the recording studio and left her to dress and dry her hair.
In front of the bathroom mirror, she brushed on mascara. Chase led such an interesting life. Breaking horses one day, recording songs the next, and touring the world the day after. Reno looked at her plain features and round curves. It was still hard for her to believe they were together. An amazement so strong, she had to pause every so often to remind herself this wasn’t a fabulous dream. This was her fantasies coming true.
Reno found the doorway off the kitchen that opened to marble steps leading down to the studio. When she reached the bottom of the stairs, glass doors separated her from the studio in front of her and from the recording booth to her left. The heavy wooden door to the right must be the entrance to the guest bedrooms. In the studio, high ceilings and bright walls surprised her. She’d expected a dark, smoky cavern. Three men and Chase stood around a table looking at papers. In the booth, a woman wearing huge headphones over her dark, braided hair slid knobs and pressed buttons. One of the musicians, wearing a baseball cap, turned in her direction. Removing his cap, he strolled toward her and grinned.
“Holy crap.” It was Ryder Landry, absolutely as handsome in person as he’d been when she’d seen him last week accepting New Artist of the Year at the Country Music Awards.
He pulled open the door and held out his hand. “You must be Reno.”
She nodded stupidly, staring into his green eyes, then pressed her palm onto his for a quick shake.
“I’m Ryder Landry.”
“Good.” She swallowed. “To meet you.” How was she so tongue-tied with this young star when her own cowboy was as just as famous?
“Nice to meet you too, ma’am.” Tucking his cap back over his short brown hair, he nodded over his shoulder toward the studio. “Go on in. We haven’t started yet, and Chase said you hadn’t had a chance to get down to the studio before today.” He grinned again. “What’s he been keepin’ you busy with all week?”
Reno felt the blush rise from her chest to her forehead. “You are as bad as your reputation, aren’t you.”
He tipped his head back and laughed.
The other men turned toward them, and Chase smiled. “Keep away from him, Reno. He’s hell on wheels around gorgeous women.”
She shook her head. His flattery was nice but a little too over the top.
Ryder stepped back, held open the door, and gave a quick bow. “Gorgeous lady.”
Reno brushed past him, taking one quick look at his lean muscles and long, long legs. He was a charmer, all right. He’d been dating some of country music’s young cuties, as well as working his way through a good share of movie starlets. Now she knew why all those ladies chased him relentlessly.
She stepped into the big room, heading toward her cowboy, careful to step over cables and around music stands.
Chase held out an arm and pulled her to his side. “Guys, this is my Reno.”
Her heart melted like chocolate in the Texas sun. She smiled at the musicians as Chase introduced her to Smith and Bender.
“I don’t mean to interrupt.” She looked up at Chase. “Can I sit in the booth if I promise not to turn any dials?”
He kissed her, quick and hard. “You sure can, baby. That’s June in there.” They turned toward the booth where Ryder was talking to the technician. Chase nodded toward the two musicians. “Smith’s wife.”
Reno glanced at Smith, who was looking at his wife with that loving gaze in his eyes that Reno had caught Chase using on her a couple times.
Chase pulled Reno closer. “She may even let you play with some of her buttons if you ask nicely.”
The two musicians broke into loud laugher as Reno stared, wide-eyed at Chase.
The double meaning of his words hit him, and he chuckled. “I sure didn’t mean that the way it sounded.”
“Shortage of blood in your brain, Tanner.” Bender winked at Reno and walked away. Smith followed, chuckling.
Chase kissed her again and bumped his hip against hers. “You’d better head out, sexy girl, or that lack of blood might just get me fired from this gig.”
Tingles flowed through her knowing she was the cause of the rise behind Chase’s zipper. “Okay, I’ll be in the booth for a while, then I’m going to head upstairs and do some work.” She rubbed her palm in a circle over his hard abs. “But you stay down here as late as you need to.”
He tugged her close again. “It might go all night.”
“Thank God. I can finally get some sleep.” She smirked.
He pinched her ass. “You love how I keep you awake all night.” His voice rolled low and sexy, and his eyes darkened.
“Break it up in there!” Ryder’s voice came over the speakers. “Or take it upstairs.” He left the booth and came back into the studio.
Chase turned her toward the door and patted her ass to get her moving. The gesture reminded her of the sexy afternoon at the lake and her newfound desire for spankings.
Reno headed to the booth, where June showed her a few things about the mixing board and even let her experience the slides and monitors. Within minutes, the musicians started tuning up. Bender stepped into a small room partitioned off by a glass wall and sat at his drums.
June pressed a button. “Okay, let’s check levels. Smith?”
The bass guitarist played first. Chase went next, and Reno fixated on the speed of his fingers. He slowed a bit and played the song he wrote for her.
She gave him a little wave.
Ryder put his hand over his chest and made a puppy face. He said something to Chase.
Without looking away from Reno, Chase responded to Ryder with something that had the young singer roaring with laugher.
“They never grow up, do they?” June pressed the button. “Ryder, you okay to play? Or do you need a nap?” She smiled at Reno.
Ryder broke into a wild guitar solo, and in a few seconds, Bender joined in on the drums.
Switching dials, June brought up the drum music then had him hit one drum at a time.
After a few more rounds of level checks, June rubbed her palms together. “Ready to go, guys.”
They played a dozen versions of a rocking song Reno had never heard before, stopping to check with Ryder, who must have written the piece. June talked about her life as a musician’s wife, and Reno appreciated the way the woman gave her both the pleasures and the downfalls.
After nearly half an hour, the musicians found the perfect tempo and music, and had played it twice.
June pressed her speaker button. “Okay, ready to go, guys?”
Ryder nodded. “Let’s do it.”
June got busy with her mixing board, and the band got serious about recording the song.
Out of the corner of her eye, Reno noticed movement.
Standing at the bottom of the steps, Steele McLairn frowned into the recording studio, his hands in fists. Reno’s heart thudded. This didn’t look good. Was he angry with Chase? He watched the musicians for a few minutes before turning toward the mixing booth. When he saw Reno, he visibly relaxed, smiled, then pushed open the door and headed in.
June, with her headphones on, nodded to him, and he patted her shoulder.
Sitting next to Reno, Steele leaned close. “Hey, lady.” He spoke quietly. “Nice to see you again.” His musky sandalwood cologne reminded her of camping trips in the woods.
The same fan-shock struck her, and she nodded, not able to find words.
“Chase said you were here.” He spoke to her but watched the musicians. “How’s it going?”
With purpose, she calmed herself. “Good.” She talked quietly about the ranch and Chase’s hands-on approach to the land.
He turned those gray-green eyes on her. “I don’t know how he does it all. I get back to the family ranch once a month or so, but Chase loves it here. He’s found the key to balancing his life so he can ranch.”
She just nodded, taking it all in. Was Chase becoming a recluse? Would he eventually give up singing altogether? She doubted it. Watching him play his guitar and the pure joy on his face, she could see him saving room in his life for both.
Reno leaned closer to Steele. “Are you recording, too?”
“No. Not today.” That frown pulled his face again, and his body tensed. After long minutes, he hefted out a breath and turned to Reno. “You know, I was wondering about your friend. Tracy.” A little color spotted under the tan on his cheeks.
“What do you want to know?” She had reservations about Tracy getting involved with a man like Steele. Even though her friend had been in LA for a lot of years, she had a vulnerable, quiet side.
“Is she...seeing anyone?” His dark brows dropped low over his eyes.
“Not as of two days ago when I talked to her.” Reno would be talking to Tracy again very soon, though, to warn her about Steele’s interest, and remind her of his reputation.
“What’s her story? I mean, whatever you feel comfortable telling me.”
She came up with things that would hopefully make Steele think twice about using, then losing, Tracy. “She’s from Montana.” Tracy had admitted she was from a poor family, and she’d hinted about some abuse, but that wasn’t Reno’s story to tell. “She’s got a four-year degree in the arts, and she moved to LA when she was twenty-two.”
“Huh.” Steele sat back, staring at the band again. “She’s done well in five years.”
Reno smirked. “Oh, so you know her age, huh?”
Steele locked his eyes on Reno then opened his mouth to say something when Ryder burst into the booth behind him.
“Hey, big brother. You came to help me with my new track?”
Reno’s body jolted as if she’d stepped on a live wire. “Brother?”
Chapter Thirteen
Reno looked at the two men. She’d never noticed until now that Ryder did look similar to Steele. The same height, probably six feet two inches, dark hair, identical noses, and the same shape to their eyes, though the iris colors were different.
Steele stood and fisted his hands. “Don’t call me that.”
Ryder’s eyes narrowed, and his lips curled up in a parody of a smile. “Why not? It’s true. Or are you still denying it?”
Chase stomped in. “Guys, not here.” He stepped beside Ryder. “Take it outside, or if you can keep from fighting, go upstairs to the kitchen.”
When the brothers didn’t move, June got up with a worried look on her face.
“We’ve got ladies here.” Chase put a hand on each man’s shoulder. “And I can’t afford to have this mixing board out of service.”
Reno knew that Chase could probably afford a dozen more boards like it, but the comment worked to get the brothers moving. They stormed out of the room and up the stairs, silent in a deadly sort of way.
Chase wrapped an arm around Reno. “You okay?”
She nodded.
He turned to June. “You okay?”
She let out a breath. “Haven’t they worked it out yet?”
“Evidently not.” Chase guided Reno out of the room and up the stairs, leaving June behind to secure her electronics.
When they stepped into the kitchen, Sue Lynn stood looking out the window. “They’re not fighting again, are they?”
“Guess so.” Chase stopped with Reno between him and Sue Lynn. Outside, the brothers stood talking—probably yelling—and gesturing angrily.
“Chase. They won’t...” Reno couldn’t stand to watch them hit each other.
“Shit,” Chase mumbled under his breath. “I don’t know what they’ll do. I’ll keep an eye on them and get between them if it comes to that.”
Sue Lynn tsked and wandered away. “Such a shame.”
When they were alone together, Reno took Chase’s hand. She summoned all her willpower to hold back from asking him what was going on. Brothers? This mammoth fact had never been released to the public.
He squeezed her palm but stared out the window. “Steele just found out three months ago he had a half-brother.”
“How?” This story was more unbelievable than any novel she’d ever written.
“Ryder’s mother died. She’d been sick for a long time. Some say it was a blessing.” He sighed. “Ryder and I have been friends for a few years, and he’s used the studio a lot. Watching him go through what he did—seeing his mother’s cancer waste her away...” He bowed his head. “It was hard as hell.”
Reno held tighter to Chase’s hand. “I’m glad you were there for him.”
He gave her a soft smile. “Yeah. Compared to what happened after, that was almost easy.”
“You mean finding out he had a brother?”
“Yep. And a father and sister who can’t do enough to welcome Ryder into their family.” His eyebrows lifted. “While Steele can’t stand the idea. And it doesn’t help that Ryder looks more like Angus McLairn—their dad—than Steele does.” He kissed her temple. “I’ll tell you about it later.” He nodded toward the window. “I’m thinking I should step in here.”
The two men were toe to toe, now.
Chase reached for the door handle.
Ryder turned to the side and dropped his head, stuffed his hands in his jeans pockets, and said something.
Reno’s heart hitched for the man.
Steele spun on his heel and stomped away. After about fifteen steps, he stopped, turned, and slowly walked back to his half-brother. He set his hand on Ryder’s shoulder and spoke.
Ryder looked at him and, after long minutes, nodded. Together, they headed toward the barn.
“Wonder what that was.” Chase spoke more to himself than to her.
“Looks like things are finally settling.”
“Yeah.” He furrowed his brows. “With them, it’s peace one day, war the next.” He looked down at Reno. “Okay if I ask them to stay for supper?”
She wrapped her arms around her wonderful, intelligent cowboy. “I’d like that very much.”
That evening, Reno chewed the last juicy bite of steak that Chase grilled for them. The four of them sat at the poolside table with Steele and Ryder facing off on opposite ends. Neither of the brothers had said much to each other, but they’d kept up conversations with Reno and Chase.
June, Bender, and Smith had declined the invitation to supper, probably guessing it would be tense with the two brothers in attendance. The three of them had headed into town for a meal and some fun. Reno envied them the freedom. No matter where she and Chase went, there would always be someone who recognized him. A life of caution was something else for her to get used to.
The tentative cease-fire cast a cloud over the delicious meal, but Chase did an excellent job of including both brothers in his conversation. Especially when it turned to horses.
“Ryder has a place just over the Louisiana state line.” Chase finished his steak and sat back, a longneck beer in his hand.
“Do you? A farm?” Reno leaned forward.
Steele stared off into the distance, his jaw tight as if the topic bothered him.
“It used to be.” Ryder pushed grilled asparagus spears around his plate with his fork. “But Chase, here, talked me into doin’ some horse breeding. We partnered up, sort of.”
She looked at Chase, who watched Steele, whose jaw tightened. Another touchy subject?
Reno asked about Ryder’s horses, and he and Chase talked equine stock for a while. Reno nearly asked Steele about his family ranch east of Houston but thought better of it. If Steele’s—and Ryder’s—father wanted to welcome Ryder into his family, there was a good chance the ranch was a point of contention.
When the topic turned to music, the three men jumped in full-throttle. Reno brought fresh beers for everyone and served each of them a slice of Sue Lynn’s blueberry pie with homemade vanilla ice cream.
Reno savored every bite of hers while the men downed theirs between voicing their opinions on the music industry. After a half-hour, Steele and Ryder monopolized the conversation by talking about a certain “riff,” which Reno guessed was something played on guitar.
Chase winked at her. He had effectively led the conversation to a place where the brothers took over and agreed on more points than they disagreed.
“All right, you’re going to have to show me that one.” Ryder finished his beer and stood.
Steele got to his feet and picked up his half-full bottle. “Excuse us, Miss Reno.” He smiled. “Thanks for the great meal. But I’ve gotta go teach the kid a thing or two about guitar music.”
“Whoa, old-timer.” Ryder’s smirk was more teasing than spiteful. “Let’s just see who learns more from whom.”
“Lead the way.” They strolled toward the kitchen.
Reno tipped her head, narrowing her gaze on Chase. “That was masterful. The way you introduced a topic they both felt comfortable with.”
He winked. “I did what I had to do to save one of them from a broken nose.” Chase stretched, clapped his hands together, and rubbed them. “Wanna put your cowgirl boots on and go dancin’ with me?”
“Dancing?” She took the last sip of her beer, imagining being in his arms on a crowded dance floor. “Sounds like fun.”
“Should be. There’s a thing I want to be a part of.”
Reno picked up the dishes. “What kind of thing?” Why was he being so mysterious?
He trailed her into the kitchen, carrying the leftovers. “It’s hard to explain. You’ll see when we get there.”
An hour later, he turned his pickup truck into the driveway of a huge one-story building with neon lights in every window but no sign showing its name. The place stood in the middle of nowhere. The only other building was a gas station across the road. “A bar? This is where you’re taking me?”
He parked twenty rows back, jumped out, and strode around the truck. Opening her door, he grinned under his tan cowboy hat. “Yep.” They picked their way across the crushed shell parking lot.
She tucked her hand around his arm, feeling the soft flannel of the rolled-up sleeves of his blue shirt. A sexy new look on him. “The ‘thing you wanted to be a part of’ is a bar?”
“No. It’s in the bar.” He looked her up and down. “And you look wonderful tonight, Reno.”
She’d worn her boots, as instructed, and a short denim skirt and a cap-sleeved, red blouse. They hadn’t made the trip into town yet to buy her a new hat.
When they stepped inside the door, the muscle-bound bouncer grinned. “Mr. Tanner.” His voice rumbled with a heavy, gruff accent.
Chase shook the man’s hand. “Mr. Miller.” From a roll of cash in his pocket, Chase peeled a couple twenties and handed it to the big man.
The bouncer held up his hand. “You’re free tonight.”
Chase shook his head. “For the cause.”
“Thank you.” The employee took the twenties and stuffed them in a big glass bottle on the floor, then tipped his hat to Reno. “Ma’am.”
She smiled and looked around. Two huge bars ran the length of the opposite walls, a band played a familiar country song in one corner, and what had to be a hundred people two-stepped around the wood floor.
Chase nodded toward the dancers. “Wanna?”
“Sure.” She grimaced. “It’s been a long time, though.”
“C’mon. I’ll learn ya.”
He swung them in among the dancers and expertly led her through two rotations around the floor. “Yee-haw, folks!” A man’s voice blasted over the speakers. “We have a celebrity here tonight!”
Chase nodded to the lead singer on the stage and kept dancing.
“Chase Tanner has agreed to sing a song for us.” The singer’s voice went quiet. “On one condition, though. Y’all need to open your wallets.” He took off his cowboy hat and set it upside-down on the floor at the front of the stage. “If you tightwads can cough up enough money to fill this hat, he’s gonna come up here and perform for us.”
People around them hooted and clapped. Folks made their way to the stage and dropped cash in the hat.
Reno spoke into Chase’s ear. “What’s the money for?”
Chase looked over her shoulder then turned her. “That couple at the bar owns a horse-rescue operation, and they’re having a rough time.”
A middle-aged couple sat on barstools facing the crowd, obviously overwhelmed by all the attention. How wonderful that the entire community supported them. She looked up into Chase’s eyes. “It’s so nice of you to help your friends.”
“Don’t know them. Just know they need some help right now.”
A sweet ache choked off her breathing. “You’re amazing, Chase. I knew you were a good cowboy, but I didn’t know how good.”
One side of his mouth curled up, and she swore he blushed. “A person’s gotta do what he can for others.”
The song ended, and they looked up at the stage. The hat overflowed with money, a lot of it tumbling out onto the stage.
“Well…” Chase led her to the bar. “Looks like I have to go to work.”
A gentleman cowboy stood and offered Reno his barstool. “Ma’am.”
“Thank you.” Chase nodded. “Would you mind looking after my lady for a few minutes?”
Taking the position of bodyguard seriously, he puffed out his chest. “Mr. Tanner, it would be my pleasure.”
Chase winked at her and kissed her hand. “Be right back.” He headed across the dance floor.
“Ladies and gentlemen.” The singer’s voice cut through the noise. “Chase Tanner!”
Chase ran and jumped up on the stage to the screams and shouts of the crowd. He spoke to the band, then turned and pulled the microphone from the stand. “Thank you all for comin’ out tonight to support the Wild Horse Rescue Ranch.”
The audience shouted again.
“Many of us here tonight have been blessed. We have more than we need, and I want to commend you for sharing with your neighbors.” He nodded to the drummer.
One of his ballads started. Chase sang slow and low, filling the dance floor with couples and mesmerizing Reno. He knew how to make love to the audience with his voice. When the song finished, he thanked the crowd and tried to hand the mic back to the singer. “Chase! Chase! Chase!” The crowd chanted and clapped, and the band’s lead singer shook his head and pointed his index fingers at Chase.
“Okay.” Chase tipped his hat forward. “You asked for it!”
Excited screams filled the room.
His famous rocker about the woman with the big bottom started playing, and he gyrated as he sang.
A group of young women congregated in front of the stage, a few of them showing him their amazing cleavage and turning around to flaunt their ample butts.
Chase kept his eyes on the dancers or on Reno. Anywhere but on the sweet young things who would undoubtedly jump at the chance to spend the night with him.
He finished the song. “Thanks again for letting me interrupt this great band.”
“One more! One more! One more!” The audience took up the chant.
“Uh-uh. My girlfriend is sitting all alone at the bar, and what kind of a cowboy would do that to a beautiful lady?”
Reno glanced at her bodyguard, who grinned down at her. She felt her face warm at Chase’s words. “Girlfriend.” She whispered it, never realizing how one little word could make her feel so happy.
Chase jumped off the stage and sprinted through the crowd, high-fiving them and humbly accepting their praise with thank-yous. When he reached her, he shook her makeshift bodyguard’s hand. “Much obliged, sir.”
“Thank you for coming tonight. You’re as stand-up a man as they say you are.”
Chase winked at Reno. “Did you hear that, baby? I am a good cowboy.”
She stood and looped her arm through his. Singing to the children at the hospital, giving up his time to help neighbors. “You’re the best person I know, Chase.”
He stopped and looked at her, his face intent. “From you, Reno, that’s a high compliment.” He brushed her cheek. When camera flashes caught them, he pulled her along toward the other end of the bar.
They headed toward the couple who owned the rescue ranch. The two of them sat on barstools, looking dazed by all the attention. A crowd surrounded them.
Chase waited his turn, but whispers started, and in seconds, the group parted. He led Reno forward, and they both shook the couple’s hands. “Good luck, and if you ever need anything else, you just call me.”
The man looked struck speechless, but his wife jumped off her barstool and gave Chase a huge hug. “You are our hero.” She started to cry.
Chase peeled her arms from around his neck. “No. All these people….” He gestured behind him. “They’re your heroes, ma’am. I’m just doing my part.”
The man opened and closed his mouth a couple times before he found his voice. “You don’t know how much this means to us. Thank you.”
“Can we get a picture?” a voice behind Reno asked.
Chase looked at the couple. “Okay with you?”
The woman squealed, and her husband nodded. “Yes, of course.”
They posed for a dozen shots, Chase in the middle with an arm around each of them, his smile genuinely happy.
He shook both their hands once more, then took off his hat and reached into his pocket. He pulled out a black indelible marker and signed the hat brim. “I hear there’s an auction later.” He handed the hat to the woman. “Would you include this? You might get a few dollars off it.”
The woman held it as reverently as a crystal tiara. Tears ran down her face, and she sniffled. “This is too much. Thank you. You’re a Godsend.”
Chase’s cheeks colored. He grabbed Reno’s arm and ushered her out of the building. As the door closed behind him, he took a deep breath. “I get damn uncomfortable when women cry.”
Reno kept her head down and wiped the tears from her cheeks.
He stopped and bent to look at her face. “Aw, not you, too.”
She giggled. “It was just so touching.”
“Baby, you’re a sensitive soul.”
“Me?” She smiled. “I’m sensitive? You’re the one who did all this.” She gestured toward the bar. “Singing and giving the hat off your head to people you don’t know—”
He shrugged and stomped away. “It’s the least I could do. It was nothing.”
She jogged to catch up. Was he embarrassed to be caught doing something nice? He did a lot for others. She read a story about him, way back when they were casting the movie, that talked about the domestic shelters Chase sponsored. Hundreds of them in cities across the US, in honor of his mother. Reno laced her fingers into his. “I was proud to be with you tonight.”
He ran his free hand through his hair. “I’m glad you came with me tonight. People treat me different, mostly, and it gets old.”
“Lonely.”
He unlaced their fingers and put his arm around her. “Yeah.” Helping her into the truck, he kissed her knuckles. “But not anymore.” Their gazes fused, and Reno felt her chest expanding as if her soul linked with his.
He closed the door and walked around the hood.
“And never again, Chase.” It was more than she was willing to admit to him, but it felt good to say it aloud, just to herself. She was hooked.
Chapter Fourteen
The drive home from the bar was quick but quiet. Chase heard Reno’s questions but responded with short replies. He just wished he could feel the pride in what he’d done, the way Reno seemed to think he should.
But all he was doing was singing. Goddamn waste of time singing, as his dad used to call it. It wasn’t like he was saving lives or teaching children or even running a business like Jorjia had done. Just because he’d gotten lucky with his songs and his voice and his face, it didn’t give him the right to gloat about the few things he did to help folks out.
He reached over and squeezed Reno’s soft hand, and she smiled. He was damn lucky to have her, and he’d better keep his shitty attitude to himself if he wanted to hang on to her. “So, how does midnight skinny dipping in the pool sound?”
At three the next morning, Chase woke with a start, staring at the glowing digits on his alarm clock. Turning his head, he found Reno sleeping in the same position he’d left her in an hour ago after he’d used his tongue on her clit to give her one last orgasm before she fell into exhausted slumber.
Licking his lips, he tasted her juices on him. If she hadn’t looked so peaceful, he would have rolled over and woke her with the slide of his hard cock into her warm, wet pussy. She needed her sleep, though, and he needed to check downstairs to make sure everything was locked up for the night. A habit he’d acquired since purchasing this mega house.
After slipping on a pair of sweats, his feet sunk deep into the thick carpet as he padded barefoot out of the bedroom and down the stairs. He hadn’t checked on Ryder and Steele when he and Reno came back from the roadhouse, wanting to give them enough privacy to get things worked out. Or wallop each other unconscious. Whichever they chose.
He stepped into the kitchen, the cool floor tiles chilling his toes. The light over the stove cast a soft glow over the room.
“Hey.”
He turned.
Ryder sat on a stool at the breakfast counter, a beer and a plate with a sandwich in front of him. “Join me?”
“Sure, thanks.” Chase grinned at the irony of being invited to have one of his own beers as he pulled a bottle out of the fridge. “Steele?”
“He went down already.” Ryder gestured to the steps that led to the studio and to the half-dozen guest bedrooms.
Leaning back on the counter next to the stove, Chase twisted off the bottle cap and took a long, cold pull. “How’d it go?” He left the question open to interpretation. Ryder could either talk about his brother or talk about music.
Ryder took a bite of his sandwich and chewed energetically for a minute. “We’re fine as long as we pretend the last three months never happened.”
A dozen pieces of advice rolled through Chase’s head, but that wasn’t what his friend needed. He opened a cabinet and took out a bag of potato chips. Setting it in front of Ryder, Chase took a handful for himself.
“Thanks for not giving me the lecture.” Ryder picked out a chip and crunched it between his teeth.
“The lecture?”
“Yeah.” Ryder sat back and took a draw off his beer. “Angus tells...” He let out a long breath. “I mean, ‘Dad’ tells me to go easy on Steele, but my half-brother can’t even admit I’m blood kin.”
Chase chewed on a mouthful of salty, greasy chips. “And Val?” Ryder and Steele’s sister was as sweet and quiet as Steele was rough and loud.
“She’s invited me over so often, I think her husband is sick of me already.” His smile showed a tenderness toward his newfound half-sister. “She thinks Steele is angry at the world, not me.”
Steele was just Steele. Intense and dissatisfied, and Angus’s introducing Ryder into the family didn’t make the country star’s life any easier. “He’s comin’ around slowly.” Chase finished his beer and pulled two more from the fridge. “When I told him you were gonna be here this week, he could’ve stayed away.”
Ryder’s brows dropped as he took the beer from Chase. “Surprised the hell out of me, him showing up here.” He peeled the label off the bottle. “What do you make of it?”
“Me?” He snorted. “You’re asking the wrong person. Now, Reno would be able to figure it all out for you two, given a day or two with each of you, but I’m not interested in letting her use her time that way.” He could almost smell her warm, sweet scent all bundled under the covers in his bed. He wasn’t going to give up a minute with her for two feuding brothers. No matter how close their friendship.
Ryder stood. “It’d take a shit-load longer than two days to figure me out.” He put his plate in the dishwasher and grabbed his beer. “Longer still for that rank brother of mine.”
Chase just nodded. He wouldn’t suggest family counseling. That’d just get him laughed off the stage.
“But I appreciate the offer.” Ryder studied him. “Reno’s a good woman. You should think seriously about keeping her.”
“I have been.” And it scared him as much as it excited him.
His friend hitched a thumb over his shoulder. “I’m gonna get a few hours' sleep and leave before dawn. I need to be home for a morning meeting.” He held out his hand. “Thanks for the use of the studio.”
Chase shook his hand. “No need to thank me. Just pay the invoice when you get it.”
Ryder grinned. “I always do.” He turned and strolled away. “Tell Reno it was a pleasure meeting her.”
“Yep.”
Chase listened to Ryder’s bootsteps descending the marble stairs until the door to the guest rooms closed. He’d like to get Reno’s opinion of the brothers’ situation, but she’d never asked him for details. Maybe she didn’t want to get in the middle of it. Which was a damn good idea. He’d just leave it alone unless one of the brothers wanted to talk about it.
He dumped the rest of his beer down the sink and set the bottle aside. Wandering through the house, he checked the locks on the doors and windows and went back upstairs.
Reno’s steady breathing drew him closer to the bed, but he needed a moment to pull his thoughts back from Ryder and Steel. He silently pushed open the patio door and stepped outside, walking across the tiled balcony to set his hands on the plexiglass half-wall that separated him from the Gulf of Mexico. Waves lapped up onto the beach and night birds called. A slow-moving light far out on the water drew his eye.
He’d like to take a long boat trip. Him and Reno, cruising around completely alone together. He glanced at the low-hanging moon. When would either of them have time for that? He needed to tell her how he felt. Ask her to take time from her writing and teaching to travel with him. Would she give up her old life to test out a new one with him?
“Chase?” Reno’s whisper came from behind him.
He turned and held out his hand to her. “Baby.”
She padded to him on bare feet, wearing one of his big T-shirts, her hair messy, and her face soft with sleep.
Pulling her close, he pressed his chest against her back and wrapped his arms around her.
After a few minutes, she sighed. “So beautiful.”
He kissed her neck. “Yeah, you are.”
She purred a little. “What are you doing out here? Thinking?”
“Mmm-hmm.” He trailed his tongue from her ear to her shoulder. “Thinking of waking you up for some night lovin’.”
Reno wiggled her fine ass against his growing erection. “Perfect timing. I was just dreaming of making you my love slave until morning.”
He bent and picked her up in his arms. “Mistress Reno. I am at your command.”
****
That afternoon, Reno watched Chase from under the new cream-colored cowgirl hat he’d bought for her that morning. Against her bare thighs, the rough wood of the top board of the corral fence scratched, but she wouldn’t give up this seat for anything.
Chase and his ranch hands worked to break in a wild mustang he’d acquired at auction after it had been injured and rescued by the Wild Horse Rescue Ranch.
He’d admitted paying too much for the skittish mare, but Chase had considered it a donation. Reno let her heart fill with love for her cowboy.
He wore an old checkered shirt, its sleeves long gone, the back wet with sweat. A cowboy hat, grungy from hard use, sat planted firmly on his head. His big arms glistened in the beaming sun as he held the rope and turned circles while the horse reconciled herself to the idea of being domesticated.
She grinned. If only Chase were that easy to tame. He did some wild, risky things on the ranch, but he swore he knew what he was doing, and she believed him. The small spread was well maintained and well suited to the two sides of Chase’s personality. The mansion housed the country star, and the land nurtured his cowboy spirit.
Outside the fence, Steele strode up beside Reno. His dark hair gleamed blue-black in the sun. They chatted for a few minutes with her about the weather, music, and horses, but she could sense something going on inside him.
After his third heavy exhale, Reno leaned toward him. “You don’t sound too happy.”
He looked up at her then glanced away. “It’s this whole brother thing.”
She nodded and kept an eye on Chase and the bucking horse. “Chase didn’t tell me much more than you just recently found out about Ryder.” She lifted her brows. “But if you want to talk, I’m happy to listen.”
He chuckled. “Yeah, ’cause guys are always anxious to talk about stuff.”
A little laugh escaped her chest. “Okay. I’ll take that as a ‘no’.”
Steele crossed his arms over the top of the fence and propped one booted foot on the lowest board. “I didn’t mean to come across as rude.” He gave his head a shake. “I just don’t know how to get past this.”
He sounded so confused, she had the urge to give him a big hug. “Maybe you don’t have to get past it. Maybe it’ll just work itself out with time.”
With a quick nod, he focused on the horse. “It’s been three months, and I can’t get rid of the anger.”
“But you’re not angry with Ryder. He’s innocent in all this, just like you and your sister—”
“Innocent?” He smirked. “Right. He’s just so goddamn smartass about the whole thing. Like it’s some kind of a joke to him.”
She didn’t know Ryder well, but from the short time she’d spent with him, she could tell he was a joker. “Is he acting differently now that the...secret is out? Or was he always a ‘goddamn smartass’?”
Steele stared toward the middle of the corral, his lips tight and his jaw working.
She’d either made a good point—that he’d been friends with Ryder before they knew they were related. Or, she’d really made him angry.
He glanced up at her. “Chase is a lucky man to have found you, Reno. You’re a smart lady.”
The grin that broke across her face was half-relief and half-joy. “Thank you. I feel like the lucky one, though.” She watched her cowboy for a moment. “He’s incredible.” Her heart thumped with a deep desire for permanence. It startled her.
With a quick slap on the top board, Steel stepped back. “I’d better get going.” He gave her a sly smile. “I’m headin’ back to LA.”
What did that mean? Tracy? Had they gotten together?
“I’m shooting a music video in a few months, and from what I hear from my production people, your friend Tracy may be working with me.”
Reno turned so fast, she nearly lost her balance. “Really? That’s great. She’s a sweet girl and an accomplished actress.”
“Yep. We haven’t talked since that day I met you both, but she’d told me she was interested in doing more short projects.”
“She’ll be thrilled.” Oops, had she given too much away? Tracy would kill her.
He tipped his head. “Oh yeah?”
She made a face. “Oh no. I’m not going to get myself in any deeper. Just you be careful with her, Steele.” She gave him a semi-stern look. “She’s still a country girl at heart.”
He nodded once. “Warning received.” He winked. “After all, I’m just a country boy.” His smile gleamed, wide and wicked.
Before she could respond, her phone rang. She waved goodbye to Steele and answered the call from her brother Cody. “Hi.”
“Hi. How’s it going down there?” She could hear the concern in his voice. He wasn’t excited about her spending alone time with a bad-boy country rocker.
“Really well. Chase is recording an album with Steele McLairn and Ryder Landry.”
At her brother’s snort, she grinned. “I don’t mean to name drop. And it isn’t all movie stars and music giants here.” She glanced at her cowboy. “Right now, Chase has a mustang on a lead and is trying to calm her enough to put a saddle on her.”
“Didn’t expect that. So, it’s a working ranch?” Her brother was a farmer, and he’d appreciate that Chase wasn’t just playing cowboy.
“Yes. Horses and cattle. It’s gorgeous here.” A breeze blew the fresh scent of salt water over her, setting tree leaves shimmying in the sun. She could be very happy here.
“Well, I won’t keep you then, but a courier just delivered a package to our place since you weren’t home.”
“From who?”
“It’s a college out east somewhere. Hang on.” Papers rattled.
“A thick package?” Thick would mean she may have been chosen to fill the spring semester teaching position that Drake had helped her apply for.
“Yeah, like a couple inches thick. You want me to open it?”
“Would you, please?” A wild case of jitters clenched her stomach. She hadn’t imagined she’d be picked over all the academics applying for the job, but why else would they send a ream of paper?
After ripping sounds, Cody cleared his throat. “Says here, ‘Dear Ms. Linden’.” He read the entire letter announcing their offer of a four-month teaching position. She made Cody read it again as she watched Chase feed apple slices to the mustang. The words spinning in her brain had no correlation to the pictures she viewed with her eyes. It dizzied her.
“Thanks, Cody. Can I call you back? Once this sinks in?”
“Yeah, sure. And hey, congratulations.”
She hung up and tucked her phone into her shorts pocket. As she watched her sexy cowboy, apprehension filled her. How would he take the news that she was going to France for four months?
Chapter Fifteen
Three hours later, pool water cooled Reno’s back, and the hot sun warmed her front as she floated in the pool. Soon after talking to her brother, she’d retreated into the house to book an evening flight home. An hour of pacing the cool rooms hadn’t helped her find the right way to break her news to Chase. She’d slipped into a two-piece swimsuit and come outside.
“Baby, mmm. Look at you in that bikini.” Chase’s voice woke her from a semi-slumber. He tossed his cowboy hat on a chair and stalked toward the edge of the pool, stripping off the sweaty shirt, his boots, and jeans as he came. Jumping in, he swam up under her, tipped her off her floatie, and pulled her to him for a big, sloppy kiss.
She squealed and brushed her wet hair off her face. “You’re crazy.”
He unhooked her top and peeled it off her breasts, then bent down to suckle them. “Crazy for a taste of my woman.”
“Chase!” She looked toward the house. “The staff! Steele!”
“Gone. Every last one of them.”
“The ranch hands?”
“They don’t come up to the house. They have their own pool.” His hand snuck down her back, under her bottom, and down the crack of her ass.
“Oh.” She moaned as his finger found her back door, and an unexpected zing of desire bounded through her. “Wait.”
“I promised you this morning we were gonna try something different.”
She sucked in a breath. Anal sex? Yeah, that was different. “Are you sure?” Nervous excitement shook her voice.
He pulled back from her breasts and grinned at her. “I’m sure. You’re not, huh?”
“I don’t know.” A couple of her other boyfriends had wanted to go there, but she’d never felt comfortable.
He laughed and picked her up in his arms, carrying her out of the pool. His lips curled in a wicked grin. “Trust me.”
Okay, this was it. She needed to decide if she could do something this decadent. Heck, she’d done many things with Chase that she’d never dreamed of doing. She’d admit to enjoying them all. Might as well live on the edge. She smiled. “Where do you want me?”
He kissed her quickly and stood her next to the double lounge chair. The hot Texas sun warmed her pool-chilled body as he used the corner of a towel to dry her face then ran it over her body slowly, lovingly.
As he moved lower, he slipped her bikini bottom down, using the towel gently on her legs, calves, and feet. His muscles bunched, glittering with water drops, and between his legs, his cock stood turgid...and so thick...
She almost changed her mind, but the look on his face was so sincere, she couldn’t resist. He wanted to give her a new experience, and she’d committed herself to becoming more adventurous. He was going too slow, though, and the waiting gave her too much time for doubt. “Chase, I want to feel you inside me…there.”
His face changed from smolderingly seductive to fiery intense. He dropped the towel and grabbed her close, squeezing a little too tightly. As his cock jutted hot and hard into her belly, his kiss ravaged her mouth, and she matched his hunger with her own, but only for a few seconds until he stepped away.
“Don’t move.” He went to his jeans and pulled something out of a pocket. Strolling back, he stood next to her and showed her a condom packet and a small vial of lubricant.
She lifted a brow. “You were pretty confident that I’d say yes, weren’t you?”
“After we talked this morning, I grabbed these and fingered them while I worked the mustang. It reminded me that all this….” He glanced around him. “Means nothing, if I don’t have the right person to share it with.” His gaze met hers, and she saw a deeper vulnerability than he’d shared with her before.
She whimpered. “Oh Chase.”
He grinned and tweaked her nipple. “Now, let’s have sex.”
She laughed at his instant switch from emotional to horny. “You’re so bad.”
“Yeah, that’s why we’re so damn good together. Devil and angel.”
She glanced down at his shaft. The spike of heat that tightened her core was hot as Hades. “I’m no angel.” She whispered the words as she gave him her best sultry look.
He laughed, low and naughty. “Thank God.” He turned her to face the lounge chair. “Bend over, bad girl, and show me what you want.”
She leaned forward until her hands touched the cushion, then spread her legs, arched her back, and went up on tiptoes. “I want you, Chase.”
A growl rumbled from him. “Perfect. So fucking sexy.” He ran his palms over her back and hips. “Tell me if anything hurts or if I go too fast.” His strong hands squeezed her ass cheeks. “You’re so pretty.” His breath came fast. “And I’m so fucking excited, I’m having a hard time holding myself back.”
“Um.” She looked back at him. “You won’t—”
“Don’t worry, baby.” He massaged her ass. “I’ll be careful.”
His hands left her, but within seconds, his finger slid along the ridge of her tight hole. The lubricant was warming, and he circled her, stopping to press against her anus. The excitement of the forbidden thrilled her, and the sensuous feeling of his finger against her flesh sent tingles through her belly. This would be nice.
Chase eased a finger all the way inside her, then pulled it out and circled her puckered hole again. The pressure increased as he pushed in two fingers, stretching her, preparing her.
She moaned, the sensuous touch not at all painful as she’d expected, but deliciously hot and arousing. Looking over her shoulder at him, his face was so intent, his eyes seemed dark, even in the bright sunlight, his wet hair clumped unevenly, and drops of water clung to his chest hair. He was gorgeous. And all hers.
Her hole stretched as he pushed his fingers further in and moved them in and out. The sensation tingled along her crack to her spine. He looked into her eyes. “You okay?”
“Mmm-hmm.” She smiled, wanting to feel his cock there. “I’m ready for you.”
On an uneven breath, he stepped back and rolled on a condom, used lubricant on it, and stood behind her, their legs touching from hip to calf. The coarse hair on his thighs scratched erotically against her tender skin. The tip of his cock touched her puckered rosebud. She closed her eyes to concentrate on the sensation of her man taking her in the ass for the first time.
He eased in, just the head, and held still for a moment. Her breath caught at the sting, which was quickly followed by a restless desire that told her she needed more.
When he pushed inside, she relaxed her muscles. She savored the feel of him entering her, a fraction at a time until he was seated fully inside her.
The sensation was unlike anything she’d felt before. Pleasure mingled with a low level of pain. The combination was earth-shattering—and addictive.
“Aww, Reno, this is damn good.”
She moaned. “I like it so far.”
He pulled out and pushed in again, then thrust faster and pumped her full of him, over and over. His breathing grew rough, and he groaned. When he reached around and touched her clit, he found an enticing rhythm, circling it then rubbing quickly, alternating motions.
His rubbing shot a wave of intense pleasure through her. The seductive pressure of his anal thrusting and the new sense of fullness sent her spiraling over the top. A slow, rolling orgasm washed over her. “Chase, yes!” Heat rippled across her skin as she let her head drop, breathing to the beat of the pulsating ecstasy in her brain.
He cried out, pumping faster, his orgasm making his legs shake and his hand clamp tightly onto her ass. After a moment, he slowed, still breathing rapidly, then shivered.
She cooled slowly as if waking from a hot dream and drew a deep, shaky breath. Her skin tingled.
“That was incredible.” He slid out of her, guiding her as she collapsed onto the lounge chair.
Chase lay behind her, holding her close and kissing her neck. “How was it for you?”
“Mmm.” She purred like a naughty kitten. “I liked it. It’s so different.”
“I knew you would. You’re built for having wild sex, baby.”
That shocked her out of her afterglow. She turned her head to look at him. “I have no idea what that means.”
He kissed her nose. “It means I have a few more things we can try. Whenever you feel adventurous again.”
She closed her eyes against the bright sun. “Right now, I just want to nap.” Responsibility invaded her lethargy, reminding her she needed to pack. Oh God, first she had to tell him she was leaving. Her eyes popped open. “Chase, I didn’t get to tell you—”
“That you want me again?” He kissed her lips. “Already?”
“I do, but this is business.”
He sucked her tongue into his mouth and twirled his around it before he backed away and grinned. “Yeah, so is this.”
His cock grew hard against her thigh. “Let me tell you my news before you make me forget again. I’ve been awarded a grant.”
“Good. More money. We can buy more condoms.” He concentrated on licking the corner of her mouth.
His touch nearly distracted her, but she had to tell him. “No, it’s more than that.”
He traced his lips down her cleavage and tasted her nipples.
“Chase, listen to me.” Her voice was barely a whisper as her brain cells snapped off, craving another wild orgasm.
He continued suckling, and the delightful lust tracing from her breasts to her pussy nearly overwhelmed her thought process. “I can seduce and listen at the same time.”
She huffed out a breath and put her hands on his cheeks, forcing him to look at her. “I’m going to France for four months.”
His brow furrowed. “Why?”
“I’ve been awarded a grant to teach at the Sorbonne. I’m a last-minute replacement for one of the ten original recipients who was forced to drop out.”
“Four months? When?”
“In four weeks.”
He stared into her eyes. “No. Turn it down.” Anger tinged his deep rumble.
Reno’s mouth fell open, but she could barely put words together. “I can’t!”
“Baby, I’ll be on tour starting next week. In the US. How the hell are we gonna see each other if you’re way the fuck over in France?” Chase’s hand tightened on her hip.
“We’ll figure it out. You can come over to visit a few times. And I’ll come back when I can for a long weekend.”
He shook his head. “That’s not enough. I want you with me on tour.”
Her eyes opened wide. “What?”
Pushing off the lounge chair, he stood and picked up his underwear. “I assumed you’d want to. You don’t work, other than writing, and you can do that anywhere, can’t you?”
She sat up and reached for him, but he backed up a step. “Chase, I’m flattered that you’d like me to travel with you, but I don’t think I’d get much writing done.”
He ran his fingers through his hair. “It’s not like I’m on the bus with the roadies. We lease a private jet. Stay at the best hotels. Limos take us everywhere. We have a few week-long breaks in there, too.”
She held out her hands, a helpless sorrow hollowing her chest. “Even if I wasn’t going to Europe, I don’t think I’d want to spend five whole months on the road with you. This is your job, Chase, and I’d just get in the way.”
He walked to the edge of the pool and stared out at the horizon. “I should have asked you right away.”
She went to him and hugged him sideways. “I’d love to go to a couple of your shows. But you have to understand what an honor it is for me to receive this grant.”
His lips thinned. “I wouldn’t think you’d accept it since you weren’t their first choice.”
That hurt. “Yes, but it is still a privilege to be asked.”
He looked at her, anger snapping in his gaze. “Isn’t writing enough for you? Why do you have to teach, too?”
She slowly dropped her hands from his body. He’d always been stubborn and demanding, but this self-centered side of him just surfaced out of nowhere. “I’ve dreamed of teaching at the Sorbonne. I’m incredibly lucky to be recognized with this grant. I won’t turn it down.”
Stepping around him, she retrieved her bikini and got back into it. The cold, wet fabric jarred her sun-kissed skin, the same way Chase’s immature behavior slammed her cozy little world against a brick wall. She picked up her phone and her book and headed toward the house.
“Where are you going?” He sounded frustrated now. “We need to talk about this.”
“I have to go home.” She said it without turning around. “They’re holding a ceremony for all ten grant recipients. It’s in Washington DC on Saturday, and I have to prepare. I’d hoped you’d attend the event with me, Chase.” She took another step, listening for his voice, but he stayed silent. She walked into the house and stomped up the stairs past his framed platinum and gold records. Past the framed print of his magazine spread. Into their bedroom.
His bedroom.
She stepped into the shower and rinsed her bikini, then shampooed her hair. She turned the water cool to temper the anger that burned in her. My God, what happened to the sweet, lonely man she’d fallen for? She had no idea how to approach this facet of his personality, and it scared her a little.
Reno shut off the water, dried off, and wrapped the towel around herself. At the sink, she wrung out her suit and stuck it in a plastic bag. Why did Chase have to be so stubborn? It was only four months, and if he was truly committed to building a relationship, a short separation shouldn’t matter. She stomped into the bedroom.
Chase sat slouched on the bed in his red boxer-briefs, his head hanging low, his forearms resting on his thighs, and his hands pressed together between his knees. “Forgive me?”
He’d said it so quietly, her heart double pumped. This man was complex, temperamental, and maddeningly traditional. But he was hers. She went to him, knelt in front of him, and took his hands.
He wouldn’t look her in the eye.
She kissed his palms. “You can never do anything that I won’t forgive.” She absolved him just as quietly as he’d asked forgiveness.
He glanced at her then away. “I don’t deserve you.”
She stood and dropped her towel, feeling powerful as his eyes roved over her body and lit with desire. “No, you don’t deserve me. But God help me, I’m yours anyway, Chase Tanner.”
Chapter Sixteen
Saturday night’s gala in DC was just like every other award ceremony Chase had attended, except here, there’d be professors and authors instead of singers and actors. He stepped out of the limo in his western-cut tuxedo, spit-polished black boots, and brand new black cowboy hat. When he held out his hand, Reno gracefully laid her warm palm in his and exited the limo in a long, blue dress. Little straps held it on her shoulders, and a matching shawl kept her warm when his arm couldn’t be around her.
She was a goddess.
The five-star hotel they’d just come from had a salon, and she’d let them pull her hair up and put makeup on her face while he sat in their fancy room watching basketball. She looked amazing. She smiled up at him, and his heart skipped once. He was damn lucky she forgave him. Again. What was he going to do without her for four months? Goddamn grant. He looked at the ancient building in front of them. He’d like to tell the selection committee where to shove it.
There was no red carpet, no paparazzi, no fans, just a receiving line inside the door made up of snooty old scholars. They greeted Reno with smiles and congratulations, but him, they barely looked at. Was it this cowboy get-up? Or was it the way he kept a possessive hand on Reno at all times? Hell, he was a man. She was his woman. That’s what he did.
He checked his hat in the coatroom, and they strolled into the party. If you could call it that. A bunch of stuffed tuxedos standing around looking down their noses at him. A four-piece band of violins made dull music in a corner. The air smelled of old wood, and ancient artwork hung on the walls. He grabbed two glasses of champagne and handed one to her. He didn’t like the stuff, but he didn’t see a real bar anywhere.
A dozen people surrounded them, congratulating her, asking about her curriculum.
He stifled a yawn. He was used to being the focus of attention at these types of shindigs. It wasn’t any damn fun standing around being ignored.
He choked down his champagne and grabbed another one from a passing waiter. This was going to be a long night.
Reno introduced him to people, some she knew, and some she just met. A man jabbered at her about some new kind of teaching theory. She looked interested, but shouldn’t she be as bored as he was?
Another bottoms up and a new glass of champagne. A couple of people in the group must have taken pity on him because they tried to make conversation. One was a tenured professor at Harvard. His wife was the retired dean of something at Yale. Bless their hearts, they recognized him.
He laughed, loud and happy. “I think you’re the only ones here who know who I am.” He glanced at Reno. “But everyone seems to know my date. Reno Linden.”
They both nodded. “She’s one of the grant recipients.” The woman tipped her head toward Reno. “An amazing talent. Her last book, No Finer Quest, was a beautifully written tome.”
Shit, he hadn’t even read her last book. “Prairie Fire was a good read. Did you catch that one? Or are you waiting for the movie?”
“We stay away from commercial fiction, generally.” The man smiled sympathetically. “And we don’t go to the movies or watch television.”
“So, how do you know me?” He lifted a brow. “Don’t tell me you’re members of my fan club.” He had to tease them a bit.
The woman put her hand over her chest. “Oh my, no. We’ve never attended a pop music concert.”
Great. They managed to put down Reno’s book and his career in less than thirty seconds. “Sounds like you two need to get out more.” He grimaced. “Sorry, that didn’t come out….” He sure didn’t mean to snap at these folks, but they didn’t even ask for his autograph “for their daughter” like half the world did.
The man nodded. “Indeed we do.” They excused themselves and fled.
He felt a hand on his arm, squeezing. He turned to look at Reno. She furrowed her brow. Had she heard his last comment? Was she ashamed of him?
“Is everything okay, Chase?” She seemed concerned, not angry.
Throwing an arm around her, he pulled her close and bent to kiss her.
She stiffened and pushed back, her gaze darting. “Not here.”
He looked around and spotted a few eyes on them. “Why? Don’t these snobs kiss?”
“Shh.” She squeezed harder, but a glitter of amusement lit her gaze.
He let her go and raised his hands in surrender. “Sorry. Didn’t mean to embarrass you.”
She tipped her head. “I’m not embarrassed.” It was a whisper. “I want to make sure you’re having fun.”
“I wouldn’t call it fun, exactly.” He grinned at her. “But when I’m with you, wherever we are is the only place I want to be.”
She smiled and started to say something, but a man slunk up beside her and pulled her into a hug.
Chase’s hand came up in a fist, and his first response was to yank the guy off her, but he swallowed down the urge.
Then the asshole went and kissed her on the cheek. “Congratulations, Reno. You deserve this.”
Chase stepped closer, the three of them forming a tight triangle. He glared at the man. Everything on him, from his precisely arranged blond hair to his fancy shoes, said “stuck-up.”
The man glanced at him, did a double-take, then quickly backed off of Reno.
When she turned to look at Chase, her cheeks were red. Huh. This must be the ex-boyfriend. Big important writer.
“Chase, this is Drake Blastad, an old friend. Drake, this is Chase Tanner, my—”
“New friend.” Chase eyed the man. Drake stood almost as tall as him but was lean. His face was pretty-boy handsome, a look some women went for. His eyes were cold like a snake.
Drake held out his hand.
Chase grinned and crushed the shit out of the man’s soft hand. “Glad to know you.” It was a lie, but they were in one of those social situations that called for untruths.
When he released Drake’s hand, Reno gave Chase a warning glance. “Drake was instrumental in my attaining the teaching position.”
“Great.” Chase worked to keep the sarcasm out of his voice. “Now I know who to thank.” He just found one more reason to dislike him.
Drake’s eyes narrowed, and his grin turned cocky. “We discussed it last week when I stopped by her farm for a visit.”
Chase snapped his gaze to Reno.
She blushed and looked guilty.
Chase raised one eyebrow. “You had a visitor?” Damn, what was happening? It felt like he was losing control of his own world.
Drake’s laugh got their attention. “Just one night. We were snowed in, and she kicked me out as soon as Cody could plow the drive.”
Chase stared at Reno. Why hadn’t she told him her ex spent the night? They had plenty of talks at the ranch. Did she make a habit of hiding things? Or was she afraid of his reaction?
Her eyes begged for his self-control. Shit. Did she think he’d haul off and slug the guy?
Drake patted Chase’s arm. “Nothing to worry about, old boy. Everything on the up and up.”
Chase forced a smile. Where the hell did he get those expressions? He sounded like an old black-and-white movie. Hell, what did Chase know—maybe this crowd talked like that.
“Drake.” Reno tugged Chase’s arm. “Excuse us a minute, please.”
“Of course.” Drake’s half-smile fit the snake description perfectly.
Reno herded Chase away.
In the middle of the room, he stopped and stared down at her. “You had a visitor.”
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. Really, it was nothing.” She gestured to her ex. “He’s married, and I’m….” She tightened her grip on his arm, her voice low. “I’m with you now.”
“Are you, Reno?” He looked around at the swanky room and the swankier people milling around. “Seems like you’re a different person tonight.”
“No.” She jiggled his arm to get his attention. “Let’s take a walk and talk about this.”
A gong sounded from another room, and a waiter in a tux with tails announced dinner.
“Too late.” He put her arm through his. He felt so out of place. He knew damn well he was the only one in the room without a college education. Still, he wasn’t used to being ignored so thoroughly. Even by Reno. So busy with her “curriculum” that she didn’t have time for him. Shit. Was he falling off Reno’s top ten list already?
“It won’t be too much longer.” She spoke quietly.
He let out a long breath. “Yeah. That’s what I’m afraid of.”
Her brows lowered. “What does that mean?” Her voice rang loud in the silent room.
Chase glanced around at pairs of shocked eyes on couples waiting for the guests of honor to enter the room first. Damn him, couldn’t he at least pretend to have himself under control?
He bent close to her. “Sorry.” They headed to their seats at the head table, her arm trembling against his the whole way.
****
Two hours later, after an hour of the most boring discussions he’d ever not slept through and another hour of speeches by the nine other people getting grants, Reno got up to accept her plaque and say a few words.
She glowed, standing up there reading her speech, and his chest swelled with pride. She used big words. Lots of them, and he couldn’t follow her thoughts. Everyone else seemed to laugh and nod in agreement—in unison. They knew what she was saying, but he didn’t really need to fit into this part of her life. He’d accompany her wherever she wanted him to, but he needed her for something completely different. Wife, mother to his children, running his house, touring with him. She’d still find time to write. Maybe even to teach.
Reno finished her speech, and everyone stood and clapped. She shook hands with a couple of really important people he’d seen on the news. He was proud of her, and he didn’t even tell her. Back in Texas, he’d acted like a spoiled kid who didn’t get his way.
The party started breaking up, and Reno and a few of the main brains arranged themselves for photos. A couple of guys stood laughing by the door, and he ambled over to join them.
They were talking about a big donation to their college. At the last minute, Chase tried to veer away. “Are you here with Ms. Linden?” One of the men looked at Chase’s suit before meeting his eyes.
“Yes. I’m her date, Chase Tanner.”
“Chase Tanner.” The guy smiled. “I thought I recognized you, but I couldn’t figure out what you’d be doing here.”
Chase shrugged. Truer words had never been spoken. What was he doing here?
The man held out his hand and introduced himself. So did the second guy. They talked for a few minutes, but Chase felt sorely in need of a drink. He excused himself and stalked toward the room where he’d seen the catering staff setting up. All the rooms looked the same, and he ended up going the wrong way. He turned around and headed back where he came from, stopping when he heard voices around the corner.
“…can’t believe Reno Linden is here with a country music singer.” It was the man he’d just been talking with.
“I guess it’s true. Opposites attract.” The other man’s voice cut Chase like a rusty knife. Opposites. They attract, but did they have a future?
The first guy heaved out a breath. “Imagine her tied down to a man like that?”
“We won’t expect any more noteworthy literature from her.” The men laughed and changed the subject.
Rounding the corner, he brushed past them, his mind racing around a scarred track. Were they right? Wasn’t he good enough for her? Was he destined to ruin her life? Drain her of all her talent? He found the lobby and headed toward the door and some fresh air.
Drake came up beside him. “Chase. A moment, please.” He stepped to a side alcove.
Chase glanced at the exit, just a few steps away. He could be out and free of this whole cluster fuck in seconds. But curiosity won out over the urge to escape, and he followed Drake into a small room.
The man looked sincere, but Chase didn’t trust him.
“I care for Reno.” Drake tried to make a concerned face, but it didn’t work. “She is a major talent in the literary world. She deserves a chance to excel, to share her gifts. She has a bright future, you know.”
“I realize that, Drake. I’m guessing you found this teaching job for her in France to get her away from the likes of me.”
Drake jerked back as if slugged. “You’re blunt but perceptive. Yes, Reno earned this opportunity to see what her life should be like.” He made a dismissive gesture. “All this movie-making business was quite unsettling to our friends.”
“Our friends?” Heat rushed from his neck to his jaw. What the hell was this ass insinuating?
“Reno and I associate with a certain…quality of people.”
“Uh-huh.” He squared his shoulders. “Better than what I am, you mean.” The snake was right, though. She was a master's degree, Chase was a G.E.D.
“I wouldn’t insult you by saying that. I’m merely pointing out that you and she have different objectives for your lives. Reno has yet to realize her full potential. Given optimal circumstances, she can and will achieve a level of prominence that even I could never reach.”
“And she can’t do that with me hanging around her, right?”
Drake heaved a dramatic sigh. “You’re looking at this as a personal affront. When I sincerely mean it to be a cautionary tale.”
Shit. He had no idea what this fancy-boy was talking about. “Yeah, I’ll give it my immediate attention.” He saluted and stormed out.
He retrieved his hat from the coat check room and tugged it tightly onto his head as he left the building. As he staggered out the front door into the unnaturally illuminated night, anger nearly blinding him, the valet looked at his hat. “You’re in Ms. Linden’s limo?”
Yeah. Just along for the ride. Not much good for anything else except hanging on her arm, hauling her down to his level, making her look bad in front of important people. Holding her back from the career she hungered after.
He nodded, and the boy radioed for their limo.
Then it hit him. Her speech, her comfort in this crowd. She talked to these high-and-mighty people like she belonged here. This was the social level she rose up to. Him, shit, he was drowning her, dragging her down.
This lifestyle was what she deserved. A future filled with intelligent conversation, educated friends, opportunities to do new things, like teach wherever she wanted to, and learn from the best writers in the world.
What kind of an asshole would hold her back? Chase Tanner, that’s who. “Shit.” He was bad for her. A pain shot into his chest. Did she deserve better? Would it be best to let her go?
He looked down the tree-lined street. It would be easy to disappear. He could leave a note, have the valet give it to her. It was the coward’s way, but he never claimed to be a hero.
Quick high-heeled footsteps sounded behind him, and he turned to see Reno’s panicked face. When she spotted him, she hurried over. “You disappeared on me.” She sucked in air as if she’d been holding her breath the whole time.
“You’d like that, wouldn’t you?”
“What?” She stared at him. “No. What makes you think that?” She looked so amazing tonight, holding her plaque, the proof that she was too smart to get mixed up with a man like him.
Their limo pulled up. He took her arm and guided her to it, and helped her inside. He had to do this. Now. “I’m gonna walk.”
Slamming the door to block out her shocked face, he took off, taking long strides and reminding himself he was doing this for her.
Behind him, the limo door opened, and Reno’s running footsteps tapped behind him. “Chase, wait!”
He moved faster.
“Don’t run away from me.” She sounded frustrated. “Not tonight.”
Great. Her big night, and he’d screwed everything up. He shouldn’t have come here to begin with. She would have been better off without him.
“Can we talk about this?” She wasn’t running after him anymore. Maybe she had come to her senses. She’d just let him go. An easy, clean break for both of them.
He kept up the fast pace, putting space between them.
“Walk and clear your head.” Her voice wavered. “I’ll see you at the hotel.”
At the corner, he turned to look at her. One last time. She stood under a streetlight watching him, her hands in fists pressing against her mouth.
Damn him to hell. He couldn’t do anything but hurt her. Lifting a hand, he touched the brim of his hat and walked away. It was the best thing for her. The best thing for him. They came from different worlds and lived in separate universes.
But he’d always remember her.
Chapter Seventeen
Three weeks later, Reno zipped her suitcase, ready to leave for France in a few hours. She hauled it down the stairs to the front door. Her brother and his wife would be looking after her place while she was gone. Of course, she’d endured Cody’s “I told you so’s” for that first week while she fused her phone to her hand, waiting for Chase to return her calls.
Ten days ago, she’d finally boxed up the suitcase full of clothes he’d left at their hotel room and shipped it to him. The note she enclosed said, Nothing happened the night Drake stayed at my house. When I confronted him after you walked away from me in DC, he told me what he’d said to you. Chase, this is all you need to hear—to hell with the rest of the world. We can make it work. Reno.
No response. She left voice messages, sent texts and e-mails. Via online fan sites, she followed his concert tour. The amateur videos taken by the audience showed a happy, crowd-pleasing Chase. Had he gotten over her already?
No, he just needed time. His life was busy right now. When things slowed down, he’d realize how much he missed her. Wouldn’t he? She stared out the window at the bright February-thaw day. Melting snow from the roof dripped off the eaves and pooled in muddy puddles in the yard. She wouldn’t be here to see her tulips bloom this spring. She’d be in Paris. As alone and lonely as she’d ever been in her life.
She’d told him she could forgive him anything, but how much was too much? Was he back to his old ways? Sleeping with anything in a skirt? Still, the idea of a life without him was unimaginable. She wiped the wetness off her cheek.
“Stop it.” She’d cried far too many tears for him. The students and faculty of the Sorbonne deserved her full attention. She stumbled to the table and sat, her uncompleted letter in front of her. She’d finish writing it, and she’d mail it. Any time she felt the urge to cry, the need to yell and scream, or the desperate longing to be in his arms, she’d write another one and send it to him.
Maybe one day she’d hear back from him. She picked up her pen. No, she probably wouldn’t. He was stubborn; he thought he was doing what was best for her. “Stupid idiot.” She’d give him time. Give him space. Then, if she hadn’t heard from him, she’d corner him and bully him into admitting how he felt about her. “Yeah. Easier said than done.”
****
Almost twenty days on the road, and Chase couldn’t concentrate. Everything he did made him think of Reno. Meeting the president, he wished she was there to see that he had some high-and-mighty friends, too. Singing for a group of sick children in a hospital in Maine, he wanted her by his side to help him hug the little ’uns. Every concert, he took the stage, scanning the crowd, looking for her. She’d never come. He saw to it. Deleted her unread messages and e-mails, made her think he was done with her. “Shit.” Would he ever get her off his mind?
Before heading out on tour, he’d gotten piss-drunk, started a fire by the pool, and burned everything he owned that reminded him of her, including the suitcase full of his clothes she’d sent him. He knew his favorite hat was in there, but he didn’t care. He’d never wear it again after all the times he’d worn it with Reno.
When the fire department swarmed his ranch, he’d been just about to burn the letter she’d sent with it. Were the firefighters a sign? Karma? He kept the letter. Unopened. Some day he’d be able to read it, but not yet. She was still too fresh in his memory.
****
Four months later, Chase sat in a big, red-leather chair in his dressing room, drinking expensive tequila and washing it down with cheap beer. Alone. On his birthday. Where the hell was he? Chicago?
Steele called that morning asking if he needed a friend to fly in, take him out after the concert. Chase lied and said he had plans already. Ryder sent a text message wishing him a happy birthday, accompanied by a picture of a naked woman holding a cake. Chase took a glance at the photo and deleted it. Nothing excited him anymore.
He caught a glimpse of himself in the wall mirror and leaned closer to it. He looked like shit. Running a hand through his hair, he tried to get it to stay down, but he’d fallen asleep after his shower, and it rooster-tailed all over his head. The dark circles under his eyes made him look twenty years older, and his skin was red and puffy. Like his dad.
Chase stared into his reflection. “You screwed up bad.” Worse than anything his dad ever did. Two weeks ago, when he went home for a few days, his housekeeper gave him a huge stack of his personal mail, including about twenty letters from Reno. And one postcard.
The envelopes he stuffed in a drawer with the rest of the envelopes from her, but the postcard got to him. A picture of the French countryside, flowers, and trees, a river, rolling hills. Probably what her place in South Dakota looked like in the summer. He made the mistake of turning it over and reading. Her loopy writing made him smile, but her words brought an ache to his heart. Chase, it’s lovely here, my work keeps me busy, but my nights are lonely without you. Please come and visit. Reno.
He tossed it into the drawer with the other letters and backed away. Backed right up to the liquor cabinet and filled his glass to flood out the pain. Two days later, in one of his drunker, weaker moments, he told Sue Lynn to go out and buy a dozen sappy birthday cards. Ones that said something about, “for the woman in my life.”
She’d brought back about twenty, wordlessly handed them to him, and stormed out the door. He didn’t blame her for being disgusted. He’d turned into a drunken asshole. Just followin’ his old man’s footsteps.
He read the cards and picked the simplest one. Not too mushy. He’d yelled for his housekeeper and had her address it to the return address on Reno’s envelopes. She’d pointed out that he hadn’t signed it.
“I’m not signing it.” His voice had slurred. “And don’t put my return address on it.” He waved her out. “Go to the post office and have them send it the fastest way possible.”
Sue Lynn had tsked and stomped away just before he passed out.
The next morning, he woke on the couch, his bleary eyes staring right at the birthday cards spread across the coffee table. “Shit!” What the hell had he done? He picked up the cards and threw them in the trash, then dove head-first into a bottle.
Now, on his birthday, things were falling apart. Two solid weeks of drinking affected his performances. Thank heaven he hadn’t heard back from Reno. If she was smart, she’d drop his card in the Seine river and move on with her life.
Hell, he’d been searching online news sites for information about France a few times a week since she was gone, watching for any danger she’d be in so he could...what? Rush over there and be her hero? Pick her up in his arms and haul her onto his jet and safely away from trouble? “Damn fool.” She didn’t need a hero. She didn’t need him. She needed the life she was meant to live, and that did not include him.
He tipped his head back and let himself fall asleep, the roil of self-loathing clenching his gut.
A knock on the door startled him out of his dreamless sleep. “Come in.”
“Chase, my best client.” His agent, Harwood Rossburg, strolled in. And he wasn’t alone. Every year on his birthday, Harwood brought him a couple gifts. Two beautiful blonde hookers. Expensive ones.
Harwood put his hands on the girls’ lower backs. “This is Velvet, and this is Lace. They’re a team, and they’re yours for the rest of the night.”
They were exceptional. Both of them tall and thin, big tits in tight shirts, one in velvet booty shorts, and the other in a lace miniskirt. Both of them smiled seductively. In the past, Chase took advantage of the gift before, during, and after his concert. Tonight, he didn’t feel much like doing anything but drinking.
Chase stood and wobbled a bit. “Harwood, man, you’ve outdone yourself this year.” He took each of the girls’ hands and kissed them. “Pleased to meet you, ladies. Would you mind givin’ us a few minutes?” He gestured to a door behind them, leading to the adjoining room where he got his hair and makeup done. “Harwood and I have to talk, but help yourself to anything you’d like.”
The girls leaned in on their four-inch heels and kissed him on each cheek. “Don’t be long.” Was that Velvet? Or Lace? The other one licked her lips. “We’ll be waiting for you.” They giggled and strutted through the door.
His agent laughed. “What do you possibly have to talk about that can’t wait until you’ve shot your load into those girls’ mouths?”
Chase flopped back onto the chair and blinked to clear his vision. “I’m having trouble writing.”
That got his agent’s attention. Harwood pulled up a chair. “We’ve promised your label a twelve-song release by the end of the year. What’s going on, buddy? What can I do to get your creative juices flowing?”
He shrugged. “I don’t know. I wanted the album to come out with the movie. But I’ve hit a wall.”
“You have the Prairie Fire song. That’s going to be a number one.”
He sighed. The mention of the song he’d written for Reno made his chest contract. It was too personal. A love song meant for one perfect woman. He rubbed his forehead. “I might need to get some songwriters in.” Damn it, he’d never had writer’s block before.
“Okay, okay, whatever you need. Just tell me who you like, and I’ll have them waiting for you at the end of the tour.”
Chase’s phone rang. He stood and shook Harwood’s hand, ending the uncomfortable conversation. “Thanks. And thanks for the gift.” He gestured to the closed door. Although he sure as hell wouldn’t be enjoying them.
Harwood clasped Chase’s shoulder. “Happy birthday, Chase. Keep in touch.” He walked out.
Chase picked up his phone from the end table. It was a local number. “Yeah?”
“Mr. Tanner?”
“Yeah.” Who the hell had gotten his number?
“It’s security at the loading dock. There’s a...a woman here who says she’s your girlfriend.” He spoke fast, sounding nervous.
He’d heard this one before. “I don’t have a girlfriend.”
“I wouldn’t have bothered you, but she gave me your cell phone number.”
“Then I’ll need to get it changed. Send her to the box office to buy a ticket.”
The man spoke to someone in a muffled voice. “She says to tell you it’s Reno.”
Reno? Here? Chest pains, couldn’t breathe—goddamn. He sat forward, and his head spun. What did she want? He’d been ignoring her for months. Couldn’t she take a hint?
“Mr. Tanner?”
“What’s your fucking hurry?” He damn near shouted. “Shut up a minute.”
“Sorry.”
Shit, he’d been snapping at everyone for months. Things were just starting to get easier. He was beginning to forget what it was like to hold Reno, make love to her, and sleep with her spooned against him all night. Waking up in the morning, those amber eyes of hers looking at him with tenderness, then with a naughty gleam as he took her from behind. “Fuck.”
She must have come back from France when she got that birthday card. Why had he done it? He knew straight up she’d be better off without him. She should stay in Europe. Marry somebody at the college, have smart kids. He could tell her that...
No, she wouldn’t break it off clean. She wouldn’t believe it was over until he showed her what an ass he was.
The hookers’ giggles echoed loudly behind the door. He knew what he had to do.
This was going to hurt him more than it would hurt her, but it was the only way to set her free.
He took a breath and swallowed his emotions. “Hey, man.” He spoke into the phone. “Let her in, and have somebody bring her right to my dressing room.”
“I sure will, Mr. Tanner. Thank you.” The kid sounded relieved.
Chase hung up. Bracing his hands on the soft leather of the chair’s arms, he braced himself to do this. Pushing himself up like a man heading to his own execution, he stood and walked on shaky legs to the door into the arena. As he opened it, his big Samoan bodyguard came to attention. “Mr. Tanner?”
“Tony, when Reno Linden gets here, let her right in.”
“Sure.” He glanced into the room. “Want me to move the ‘ladies’ somewhere else?”
“Hell no. They’re part of the surprise.”
Tony looked like he wanted to argue, then just nodded in his quiet way.
Chase closed the door and stared at himself in the full-length wall mirror. Dark circles looked like bruises under his eyes. There wasn’t time for makeup, and without it, she’d know he was having a rough time. He grabbed his hat off the counter and settled it low on his head. It hid his exhaustion, but nothing could hide the hatred he felt for himself. In the mirror, he flicked himself the finger. “Don’t screw this up, asshole. Do what’s right for Reno.”
Chapter Eighteen
A loud knock sounded on the door, and it swung open. “Visitor, Mr. Tanner.” His bodyguard smiled at Reno as she walked past.
Chase tipped his head down, letting his hat brim cover his face.
“Hello, Chase.” Her sweet voice cut through his numbness, breathing life into his dying heart.
Slowly he lifted his head. There she stood, his perfect Reno. Her cheeks pink, her amber eyes big as spotlights, her jaw quivering. She’d dressed for the concert, jeans and boots, a low-cut shirt, and a fringed jacket. She clutched a giant Holstein-print purse to her stomach.
Every instinct told him to run to her, drop onto his knees, and beg her forgiveness. Promise her anything if she’d take him back.
But he couldn’t be the reason she didn’t achieve her dreams.
“Reno. What’re you doing here?”
A line formed between her brows, and her eyes darted around before her gaze landed on his face. “I got your card. I thought you wanted to see me.” Her voice quavered.
He leaned a hip on the couch back, crossing his arms. “Sorry about the card. It was a mistake. A miscommunication to my staff.”
“Why are you pushing me away?” Her voice sounded choked. “Is it because of Drake? The night he stayed at the farm?”
“No. I know nothing happened between you two. Not that you shouldn’t have told me about it anyway.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t want to get into the reason he was there.”
“The job in France?” Chase tightened his lips as his anger surfaced again.
“Chances of my getting the position were slim, and I didn’t want to have to explain because—”
“Because you didn’t think I would let you apply for it? Because you going away for four months would have upset me? And you didn’t want to have to deal with it?” He snorted a humorless laugh. “You know me too well. That’s exactly how I responded when you took the job. Unreasonable and selfish.”
The opposite of what he was doing now. For her. Unselfish and logical, so why did it hurt like hell?
Her face drained of color. “No. That’s not why. We were so new to each other, I didn’t want it hanging over us like a cloud.” She licked her lips. Her beautiful, soft lips. “I can see now that I was wrong, but at the time, I just needed to be the selfish one.”
She was never selfish. She was the most giving, sweet person he knew.
Now it was his turn to show how giving he could be, to push her away from him and back into the life she deserved. He straightened and faced her. “Listen. I’m an old-school kind of guy. I expect my woman to be by my side. You’ve got a career that takes you away from me.” He shrugged. “It just doesn’t work. For either one of us.” Crazy talk that sounded more like his dad’s mentality than his.
She pressed her fingers to her lips then dropped her hand. “We just—”
“We live in different worlds. That’s the problem.”
“No, we don’t. We live in one world, where you and I are the only people who matter.”
He shook his head. The only person who mattered was Reno, and her happiness depended on her moving on. “You’re destined for greater things than a tour bus and a windowless dressing room.”
“Drake told you that, didn’t he.” Her eyes narrowed, and she fisted her hand. “He is full of shit, Chase. I never wanted to be part of the literary elite. Never. That’s what he wanted for me. What he thought was best for my writing.”
She stepped forward, gripping the purse against her body. “Don’t you think I know what’s best for me?”
He looked into her hopeful eyes and saw her lip trembling.
Her pain stabbed him clear through what was left of his soul.
“You already live in that world, Reno. You’re a teacher now. Prairie Fire is still on the New York Times bestseller list. Your career is taking off.”
Reno reached for him. “No, Chase—”
He stepped back. “We’ve moved in different directions.”
Loud giggles sounded from the next room, and Reno turned her head toward the noise.
Chase looked at the door of his makeup room. Damn. He had to use every dirty trick to convince her. He brushed past her and strode toward the room with the prostitutes. “You want a glimpse into my life, Reno?” Steeling his resolve, he opened the door and looked back at her.
Reno’s face turned red as she stared into the adjoining room.
“Are you ready for us now, Chase?” The hooker’s words were followed by more giggling.
Straightening her back, Reno stomped right up in his face. “I see what you’re doing, and it won’t work. You’re just like Drake, aren’t you? You think you know what’s best for me.” She poked one stiff finger into his chest. “Well, that’s bullshit.”
He stared at her. She never swore before. He’d brought that out in her—him and his bad habits. He tipped his head down, hiding the pain in his eyes. “You need to move on with your life.” He forced the biggest lie of all to his lips. “I have.”
Her breathing stopped for a long moment. “I can’t. I’m…”
He set his jaw, waiting for her to finish, waiting for her to try just once more to convince him, to find something that would make him change his mind. But they weren’t alone.
Her hollow stare followed the blondes as they strolled into the room and stood on each side of him. Their hands stroked his arms and chest. Reno looked at him with an intensity that shook him soul-deep. “I love you, Chase. I always will. Think about that as you move on with your life.” She turned and walked out.
He watched the door swing closed behind her. He couldn’t breathe. Love? She loved him? Oh shit. How would he live this empty existence knowing she loved him? Because, damned if he didn’t love her, too.
The ladies pressed into him, sandwiching him between them, their perfume choking him, threatening to make his stomach revolt. He considered it. The mind-numbing relief of sex, the peaceful glide into sleep after orgasm. He had no interest. Since he walked away from Reno, there’d been no one else. As gently as he could, he herded the girls back into the makeup room. He’d wait ten minutes until he was sure Reno was gone, then he’d have his bodyguard send them home.
Falling like a rock into his chair, he looked around at his empty dressing room. He’d gotten rid of her, all right, and she wasn’t coming back. Only feet separated him from seven professional musicians, thirty-nine Tanner Touring employees, and eighteen thousand fans, but he was absolutely alone.
A hollow ache, like a deadly heart attack but not as merciful, started in his chest and spread through his body. Would he ever find anyone else like her? Did he even want to try?
****
Reno staggered out of Chase’s dressing room, pain clawing at her chest, the surreal scene burned into her memory. She stopped and looked around the dark backstage area. Which way had she come in? She’d been so excited to see him, she’d barely paid attention.
The massive guard outside the door stepped toward her. “Are you staying for the show?”
“No. I’ve seen all I can stand for one night.” Tears choked her. “Would you please tell me where the loading dock is?”
“Down that ramp.” He gestured to her left. “Are you okay, miss?”
She forced a smile as tears traced down her face, making a liar out of her. “Just fine. Thanks.” It was nice that someone cared, but not the right someone. She headed carefully through the dimly-lit backstage area, her new cowgirl boots clicking loudly on the concrete floor. Catching a glimpse of the stage and the arena, she stopped to look out at the chattering crowd filling every seat of the sold-out venue.
So many fans worshiped him. Didn’t he see what a profound impact his words and music had on the world? His charitable donations alone could support an entire city. He was a good, conscientious person. Why did he think he was a detriment to her career? Was it whatever Drake said to him? That wasn’t like Chase. He was strong and determined. He cut his own path through the world.
As she walked, she thought about every story he told her about his parents, his childhood, his lucky break in Nashville, and his last girlfriend, the pretentious bitch. What wasn’t he telling her? What linked all the troubled pieces of his past together to make him incapable of reaching out and grabbing happiness for himself?
When she located her car, she leaned against the door for a minute and dug her keys out of her purse. Maybe she’d never know what drove Chase to do the things he did, but she didn’t have time to waste on it right now. She reached down and touched her stomach. Six months pregnant.
“Little one.” She spoke to her rounded belly. “That was your daddy.” Two months ago, she realized that, duh, no menstrual cycle and a swelling tummy meant “baby on board.” She’d covered it up pretty well in France, but just recently, her body changed a great deal, and she started showing out front. The Sorbonne was probably glad to be rid of her. Not only was she depressed, lethargic, and sick to her stomach during the day, but at night, she wouldn’t go out for drinks with the faculty or let them show her the sights. Worse, she’d set a bad example for the students—no wedding ring.
She slid into the rental car and started it, then pulled out a map of the US. Chicago to South Dakota. A long drive. She’d stop for the night before it got dark, then push herself tomorrow and try to make it in one day. Her own bed and her favorite pillow after four months would be a dream come true. As she pulled out of the arena, the hot June sun blinded her for a moment. When her eyes adjusted, she scouted for signs directing her to Interstate 90, which would take her all the way home. She’d call her family tomorrow and let them know she was on her way. She smiled. Wait until her mom and brother saw her. They would shit circles around themselves.
She jumped onto the freeway and set the cruise control. There were a couple hours of daylight left. If she could find a last reserve of energy, she’d make the most of it before she found a nice hotel. Just a half-hour ago, she’d been planning to sleep with Chase tonight. She’d imagined his joyful face when he saw her, his ecstatic surprise when he saw her stomach. His finding the best seat for her to watch his concert, then afterward, whisking her off to start their life together as a family. But instead, he’d tried to shock her out of his life.
So, why had he sent the birthday card? He hadn’t responded to her in months. Why didn’t he just let it die? She almost had, but two weeks ago, when she received a special delivery package from Texas, she thought it was his way of testing the waters, seeing if she was still interested. Her heart had soared, the baby had kicked and wiggled, and she’d jumped online and looked up his tour dates. Chicago, on his birthday, two days after she finished her course at the Sorbonne. It was Fate aligning all the stars. “Ha!”
Spotting a safe-looking hotel with a restaurant, she gave in to her exhaustion. She exited the freeway, pulled into a well-lit parking lot, and turned off the engine. Then broke down crying. Why did he lure her back to him only to send her away again? 
Chase had no idea what he wanted, but she knew, and she was prepared to wait him out. She touched her stomach where their baby girl slept. What choice did she have? If she told him she was carrying his baby and he begged her forgiveness and wanted a life with her, how would she know if it was only because of the child?
When she dried her eyes and got checked into her room, she ordered room service, then picked up her phone and dialed Tracy. She didn’t want to be alone tonight, even if it was just a friendly voice from across the country.
“Hi, Reno. Still in France?” Tracy’s lovely, cultured voice soothed Reno, and she lay back on the stacked bed pillows.
“No.” She swallowed twice, trying to keep in the sorrow, but it burst from her anyway. In jerky sentences, she explained what had happened with Chase at the arena.
“The bastard! He saw you pregnant and still trotted out the whores?”
Reno sniffled, the worst of her misery gone now. “No, I kept the baby hidden.”
Tracy was silent for a moment. “Where are you now? Are you someplace safe?”
“Yes, I’m safe. I’m in a hotel outside Chicago. I’m going to drive home tomorrow.”
“No. You’re not.” Typing sounds clattered through the phone. “I’m coming to get you, and I’ll drive you home.”
Reno sat up. “No, Tracy. I’ll be fine.”
“Reno. You’re in no shape to be driving yourself cross-country. I have a week off. I’m home in Montana visiting my mom, and there’s a flight leaving for Chicago...at six tomorrow morning. I’ll be there before you have to check out.”
“Really, you don’t have to.” The idea of her friend coming all that way, changing her plans, warmed her thoroughly.
The typing stopped. “I know I don’t have to. I want to.” She took a loud breath. “Please let me do this for you.”
Reno choked in a breath herself. “Okay. I’d love to have you with me.”
“Good. We’ll take it slow and make the drive in two days. I’ll stay with you when you face your family if you’d like.” Tracy started typing again. “Now, which hotel are you staying at?”
A smile split Reno’s face. This amount of happiness felt almost foreign right now. “I don’t actually know, but hang on, and I’ll find out.” Reno dug in a drawer, looking for the hotel’s name and address.
Tracy laughed. “Crazy woman.”
Crazy? After the last six months, it would be easy to let herself linger on her problems, drive herself mad. She had a baby girl to think about, though. She needed to prepare for the baby and find a way to introduce her to her daddy. “Unfortunately, Tracy, I have no time for crazy.”
Chapter Nineteen
Tracy arrived the next morning, as promised. She pulled Reno into a hug then backed away a step to touch her baby tummy. “Look at you.” Her eyes shone with excitement. “Just a few months ago, we were running wild in LA. Now you’re going to be a momma.”
“Thank you for coming.” Reno woke with her blood pressure closer to normal, knowing she wouldn’t have to make the drive on her own or tell her family alone. “I didn’t know what to do next.”
“First, we need to get on the road, then we have to talk about what’s going on with Chase and figure out a plan.” She put her hands on her hips as if ready for battle.
“No plan.” Reno bent to pick up her suitcase, but Tracy lightly slapped away her hand and hefted Reno’s bag and her own.
“You’re just going to have this baby alone?” They walked out of the hotel to the rental car.
“I just need some time to let life settle down so I can sort through everything.” Reno eased into the passenger seat as Tracy put their bags in the trunk.
Tracy pulled the car onto the freeway and headed west. “I understand completely. That’s why I went home for a week.” She slid on her sunglasses. “I’m just not sure where to go with my career right now.”
Reno appreciated the opening to talk about something other than her own situation. “Are you considering doing music videos?”
Tracy jerked her gaze to Reno’s, her brows lifting above the dark glasses. “How did you know?”
She answered with a shrug and a smile.
Looking back and forth from the road to Reno, Tracy frowned. “I’ve known about it for months but just received the contract from my agent last week. There’s no artist named, just an agency.”
“So, you don’t know who the musician is?” Reno kept her voice light as she wiggled to get comfortable in the seat.
“What aren’t you telling me?” Tracy’s brows dropped, then lifted again. “Chase?” She grinned. “Is Chase hiring me to be in one of his videos?”
Reno had no choice now. “No. It’s Steele.”
Tracy froze for a moment. “Steele?” The word came out slow and breathy.
Waiting for her friend to absorb that news, Reno tipped her head back on the headrest.
“I don’t know what to say. I mean, he’s hot and gorgeous, but...wait.” Tracy pulled off her sunglasses and pierced her with a glare. “How do you know this?”
“He dropped by Chase’s ranch.” The memory of those perfect days sent a hollow feeling to her heart. How had things gone so wrong between them?
Tracy laid her hand over Reno’s. “Sorry, sweetie. I remember how excited you were back then. The possibility of a new relationship. Then that stinking jerkwad—”
“Hold that thought for another time.” Reno didn’t need to get herself worked up any more than she already was after yesterday. “Now that you know it’s Steele, are you going to make the music video?”
“I really don’t know. Filming won’t start for another four months, and I haven’t had many other offers in the meantime.”
“That’s why you went home?” Reno stifled a yawn. “To re-evaluate the direction of your career?”
“Sort of.” Tracy tipped her head back and forth. “Not really. I mean, I know once Prairie Fire is released, I’ll have more options.” She puffed out a breath. “I hope.”
“You will. You were amazing, Tracy. Oscar-caliber work.”
She smiled as she changed lanes, and a light blush colored her cheeks. “Thank you. But until then, I have offers for commercials and the music video, but I’m not sure if I should go that direction.” Tracy frowned. “Do I wait for another film or take whatever work I can get to keep my face out there in public?”
“My advice, prefaced by the disclosure that I have very little knowledge of the film industry...” She turned in her seat, facing Tracy. “As a consumer, I’d view your doing a music video as a starring role. Much more prestigious than commercials.”
“That’s exactly what I’m thinking.” Tracy looked at her. “Wait a minute. You’re just trying to set me up with Steele, aren’t you.”
“Maybe a little.” She made a silly face. “You two would be good together.” Reno set her hand on her stomach, where her baby wiggled and kicked.
“I’d be willing to get to know him. But if all country music superstars are alike...”
“Everyone has their issues, superstar or not, but I can guarantee there’s no one out there like Chase.” Frustrating, loveable, stubborn, fabulous.
Tracy looked at Reno’s hand on her round belly. “Is she moving?”
“She’s dancing in there.” Reno took Tracy’s hand, placing it on her stomach.
“Wow.” Her voice was quiet.
“So you’ll do the music video?” Reno could barely keep her eyes open.
After a silent minute, the baby stopped moving, and Tracy took back her hand. “I’ll think about it. As long as you promise not to matchmake.” She gave Reno a wide-eyed look. “Wait, did Steele ask you about me?”
Reno groaned and closed her eyes. “Let me nap a few minutes, then I’ll tell you the whole story.” She hadn’t slept well last night, and the baby needed a healthy mommy.
She drifted down into slumber with Chase’s cold expression staring at her from under his cowboy hat. He’d said, “We’ve moved in different directions.” Maybe he’d moved on, but she was still heart and soul in love with her cowboy. If he never came back to her, how long would it take before she could move on?
****
Four months later, Chase finished his tour. It was so popular, he’d extended it to twenty more cities, and he felt worse than exhausted. He was damn near used up.
After a thirty-seven-hour nap, he sat by the pool at his Texas home, strumming his guitar and waiting for the sun to set. A warm October breeze ruffled the pages of his notebook, but words wouldn’t come to him. Notes wouldn’t form into music. He was dry as southwest Texas. It had been this way since…Reno.
He’d tried dating a country singer, but she couldn’t snap him out of his writer’s block, and when he’d admitted he wasn’t interested, sexually, she’d called him a freak and stormed out. It hadn’t hurt his feelings. Hell, he couldn’t feel anything but a cold, dark cave where his heart should be.
He needed to start working on his new CD, and his agent hounded him for some new songs, begging him to commit to hiring writers.
The chords he strummed sounded familiar. He kept at it for a while then stopped. Shit, he was playing Prairie Fire. Reno’s song. It hurt to even think of her, and the song brought back every memory. Would probing this ache help him figure out why he was blocked?
After taking a long draw of cold beer, he played the song. He made it through the first verse, but the words were different, and he wrote them down. The next verse came out changed, and that was better, too. He played the song twice more, writing down the new words, adding additional verses, and picking out a better modulation and bridge. Now, this was the old Chase, everything flowing together, coming to him easily.
He played it once more, singing the new words. It was good, now. Really good.
Flipping his notebook to a new page, he wrote the title of a song he’d been messing around with for a few months. Sidewinder. The words came slowly and didn’t make sense right away. “He’s a snake, but she called him her hero, he’s lowdown deadly, but she picked him up anyway.” Another song about him and Reno. He glanced out over the endless dark blue sky. That’s what he’d been missing in his songwriting. He’d been blocking Reno out when he should have been letting her in. Letting his pain guide him.
It took two hours to write Sidewinder. It ended up a rocking country ballad. Amazing what a little self-torture could do for a songwriter.
The sun went down, and he moved inside to his studio and kept writing, fueling himself with beer and leftover fried chicken. Six songs later, he felt like a human again. The first time since the night of Reno’s award in DC.
Adrenaline flowed, pumping his heart faster, winding his brain into a tight coil like an old-fashioned toy. He could write all night, but he had to do something else first. Something he’d been putting off to spare himself the hurt. He needed to read her letters.
Sitting in his family room, which was damned ironic because he had absolutely no one, he sorted her letters by date and opened the first one, the one she’d sent with his suitcase from DC.
She apologized for not telling him about Drake and asked for his forgiveness.
“Aw, Reno. That’s not why I walked.” He felt lower than a snake.
In the letter, she promised to be more attentive to him, give him what he needed. She’d make it work.
He held the letter in a shaking hand. Goddamn, she blamed herself, but it was his insecurities, his low-class upbringing, that made him not good enough for her. In DC, she’d been the focus of attention, and he’d been too immature to accept that he was just her guest. Nobody special. Shit, had he really been that selfish? Why hadn’t he explained it to her?
He dropped the letter on the table. Because she would have tried to talk around it, make him see things differently. At least she wouldn’t have lived with guilt all these months.
He ripped open the next envelope. Airmail from France. She talked about the school, what she taught, the friends she made, and the beauty of the country. She invited him to visit. She was lonesome.
He looked at the liquor cabinet. Yeah, he was lonesome too, and bourbon was his only friend lately. No one else could stand him.
Two hours later, he’d read her letters twice. The last one talked about her birthday coming up, and she offered to fly him to France first class if he’d just come for a short while, so she didn’t have to spend the day alone.
The vision of her sitting by herself in some foreign country on her birthday damn near killed him. His chest hurt, pain radiating down his arm. Was he having a heart attack? He deserved to die for what he did to her. He deserved…
No! Hell no! All of a sudden, it came together. He finally saw what he was doing to himself. “Fuck. Me!” He was living his father’s life. Something he said he’d never do.
Running a hand through his hair, he gasped for breath. He wouldn’t deny himself happiness just because the woman he loved was out of his league. He could step back and let her shine. He could stand in her shadow whenever she needed him to, supporting her, encouraging her, and…loving her.
What a fool. What a fucking idiot! He stood, his mind clearing, his thoughts straight for the first time in a hell of a long time. He didn’t have to let Reno go so she could find a man good enough for her. He had to become a man good enough for her.
Before he could do that, he first had to do something for himself. Something he’d been promising himself for years. He fired up his laptop and searched college registration.
****
October in South Dakota was lovely. The golden wheat crop swayed in the fall breeze, rustling softly. Reno sat in her lawn chair in the wheat field, only about twenty feet from her house because that’s the farthest her baby monitor worked. She wrote story ideas on a pad of paper, free-forming plots as they popped into her mind.
The technique usually worked, but today, every few minutes, her mind shifted to Chase. The idiot. He never called, never gave her a moment’s thought as he plowed through his glamorous life, leaving a wake of destruction in his path. He was the big country star, so no one mattered but him.
Dropping her head back, she looked up at the darkening sky, dusk settling as the sun dipped below the horizon. “Stop the bitterness. Think of good things.” She’d adopted the mantra when she came home four months ago and faced the reality that she may never see Chase again.
Breathing deeply, she relaxed and focused on the bounty of her life. The earth and wheat smelled so familiar. Elemental. This was where she belonged and where she’d raise her little one.
Thanks to Mitzi’s first-hand knowledge of what a baby needed, her spare room was now a nursery. She’d convinced her brother to paint the room for her and made him promise not to call Chase or go after him and beat him senseless.
Her mother was more pragmatic. Excited finally to have a grandchild, she offered to be Reno’s labor coach. Which was weird. Having her mother massaging her big belly and telling her to breathe when she should be yelling at Reno for getting herself into this predicament.
In the labor room, it had been Reno who yelled, and thanks to Chase’s insistence that she swear during sex, she had no compunction against cussing like a sailor for the last three hours of labor. Much to the shock of her mother and the hospital staff.
Tracy had come for a visit when Reno brought her little bundle home and had blessedly helped her through that first difficult week.
A hawk soared overhead, and a chill wind slid across the field. Through the baby monitor, her daughter’s tiny voice cooed, and she waited to see if she was awake or just talking in her sleep.
For a month and a half, she’d had Joy to herself. Her family warned her that she needed to let Chase know he had a daughter, but fear kept her putting it off until another day. Would he ignore her? Or would he set up some kind of elaborate legal custody schedule? She clicked her pen closed. Her mind wouldn’t focus on anything but him, and it was a sign. She should do it tonight. No, right now. It wasn’t fair to keep this information from Chase.
Of course, she dreamt he would sweep her and baby off their feet and beg her to come back to him. “Yeah, that’s never going to happen.”
Reno pulled out her phone and pulled up Tracy’s info. She typed a text. Wish me luck. I’m going to call Chase and tell him about Joy. She hit “send.” Her thumb hovered over the call button next to Chase’s name, and she had to take a lot of deep breaths to calm herself.
In seconds, her phone chimed, and she jumped. It was from Tracy. Good for you. I’m with you in spirit. It’ll be okay, Reno. You can do this. Hugs.
Tracy was filming the music video with Steele this week in LA, and Reno wished her friend were closer to lend support as she prepared herself to make the damn call. With a sigh, Reno set the phone in her lap and recited the words she’d said aloud at least two hundred times. Words that would tell Chase he was a father. Her nerves spiked, and she flubbed it a dozen times, never finding the right sentences.
Flipping her notebook to a new page, she wrote the speech, made corrections, then started over again and again until it was nearly too dark to see. She should just do it. Just dial her phone and talk to him...
Thankfully, the sound of a car coming up the driveway gave her a reprieve. Her sister-in-law stopped by every day to visit, prompted, Reno was sure, by her brother’s worry about his little sister’s mental health.
She stood and stretched backward, taking a couple deep breaths and lifting her arms to the sky. As she turned toward her house, a big, silver SUV pulled up and stopped, the driver’s door opened, and a man in a black cowboy hat and black T-shirt got out.
Chapter Twenty
Oh, God. Reno’s heart thudded, and panic threatened to overtake her. As Chase closed the SUV’s door, he looked around and froze when he spotted her in the wheat field.
It was too late to duck, and Joy chose that moment to chirp over the monitor. As he stepped toward her, Reno held up a hand. “Stay where you are.”
He jerked to a stop.
“What do you want, Chase?”
“I’ve come to talk to you.” He took a step toward the field.
“No!” She held up another hand. “Say what you want to say from there.” She needed to hear what was in his heart without fatherhood clouding his decision. The ten extra pounds she sported around her middle and her now-double-D breasts might give that away. She looked down at the monitor. Of course, his daughter’s voice would be a dead giveaway, too.
With an index finger, he tipped back his hat. “Okay.” He sounded confused, but he continued. “I’m an idiot.”
She bit her lips to hide her grin. “Yeah, I already know that.”
He glanced down and shuffled his boot on the gravel. “I made a mistake, Reno.” He looked at her across the wheat. “I let myself believe that you’d be better off without me.”
Warmth spread through her. This was what she’d waited so long to hear.
“I’ve asked you this too many times already, but can you forgive me? Will you let me try again?”
She couldn’t speak. Every ounce of her love for this man bubbled up and caught in her throat.
He pulled off his hat and held it over his heart. “I know I don’t deserve it, but I’m standin’ in the need of prayer, Reno.”
Such a poignant Southern phrase. But all the soulful expressions in the world wouldn’t make the past go away. Things had to change, and she needed to be sure of him. “Why would this time be different?”
“Because I’ve set goals for myself, and I’m committed to accomplishing them.”
This was unexpected. She’d braced herself to hear something about loving her more or trying to understand her needs better. “What kind of goals?”
“First, I’m a college student now. I enrolled in both Black Hills State University and UTSA in San Antonio.” He smiled. “So wherever we are, I can take classes.”
“You did?” She had no idea he wanted to further his education. Why had he kept that a secret from her? “That’s wonderful.”
“And I’m not gonna stop until I have a doctorate degree.”
A smile curled her lips. Dr. Chase Tanner. He’d do it, too. She had no doubt. “What are you going to study?” This was the strangest conversation she’d ever held across a wheat field.
“I want to learn things about the world. Philosophy. Psychology. Art. Your world, too. I want to understand literature and stuff that will make me as smart as you.”
His self-confidence would be bolstered by a college degree, but he needed to realize his main issue was his distorted image of himself. “Chase, you are as smart as I am. Your business sense is extraordinary—”
“Yeah, but my common sense…horseshit.”
“True.” She grinned.
“I’m gonna study French, too. I want to take you to Paris for your next birthday. I…” He batted the wheat with his hat. “I missed your last one, and I feel like crap.”
So, he did read her letters. “I’d like that.” She loved that he wanted to erase the pain of the past eight months and replace it with new memories.
He squared his shoulders. “And I’m gonna take some time off. I’m booked too tight. I need to step back and look at my life, decide what’s important to me and what I can let go of. I want to spend a lot of time with you.”
She’d like that, too. She needed him close by, especially now, when she had her hands full. She looked down at the baby monitor. Her nerves jittered. How would he react to learning about Joy? God, how was she going to tell him?
“I’m coming to talk to you.” He stepped forward.
“No, stay there, Chase. I’ll come out.”
“Whatever you want.” He moved back to the truck.
Turning up the volume on the monitor, she left it on the chair. The dirt clumps crunched under her sandals as she marched down the narrow dirt path she’d worn through the field over the last four months. Brushing wheat chaff off her white and pink floral sundress, she stepped out of the field.
His gaze took in all of her then he sucked in a breath. “You’re so beautiful, Reno. You don’t know how much I missed you.” He slid his fingers along the brim of his hat. “You are everything to me. I want to be part of your life again.”
His quiet plea rattled her like a gale-force wind. She needed to touch him, to confirm he was finally, really here. She went to him and cupped his face, then slipped her hand to the nape of his neck. His silky hair in her fingers felt so achingly familiar, but his face looked older, tired out. Dark circles arched under his eyes, and new wrinkles furrowed his brow.
“Reno, I love you.” His gorgeous blue eyes glowed with sincerity, and her worry about his health slipped away.
Did she ever think she’d hear those words from him? She let them sink in and expand, filling every ounce of her with joy.
His face contorted. “Can you forgive me for all the horrible—”
“Forgiven.” They would deal with their past later. Right now, she had a few things to tell him about his future, and there was only one way to start. “I love you too, Chase.”
He buried his face in her hair. “You did say that to me in Chicago, didn’t you? God, I thought I was dreaming.”
“No, you weren’t dreaming. I blurted it out. I’d hoped it would plant a seed, and you’d come back to me as soon as it took hold.” She ran her fingers through his hair. “I had no clue it would be so slow to take root in that thick, stubborn brain of yours.”
He put an arm around her shoulders, and they strolled to the house. “It took me way too long, but I’ll make it up to you. I promise. For the rest of our lives.”
No words had ever sounded that marvelous. A chill of excitement skittered through her. “Forever?” he’d asked her all those months ago at his ranch, but she’d answered, “for now.” Even then, she’d known that they’d need to go through a lot of hell before they found their heaven.
They climbed the steps to the porch. The windows stood open, and a chill fall breeze blew through and out the screen door. He held it open for her, and they stepped inside.
The table held a stack of baby clothes her friend, Mitzi, brought for her that morning. Reno scooped them up and stuffed them in a drawer. She scanned the room, making sure there was no other evidence lying around. She needed to talk things out with him before she sprang Joy on him.
Chase wandered around the great room. “This is really nice.” He gestured to the fireplace and the bear rug and pillows in front of it. “Can I light a fire?”
“Sure.” While he was busy, she skittered around the room and grabbed all the baby paraphernalia she’d left out. “I’ll be right back.” She hustled down the hall to the spare bedroom, where Joy lay in a pink bundle. Her Joy, the most lovely, perfect creation she’d ever brought into the world. The books Reno wrote had been her babies for so many years. By comparison, they seemed almost frivolous. She’d never stop writing, but this little angel would always come first.
Joy’s tiny mouth worked in her sleep, preparing for her next meal, and Reno’s milk let down. She stuffed a couple extra pads in her bra, imaging Chase seeing wet circles on her dress and asking a hundred questions.
When she came out, she found him sitting on his heels, starting the fire. He’d closed the windows and door, and he’d turned on the little Mount Rushmore nightlight in the kitchen.
She headed toward the kitchen. “Can I fix you something to eat?”
“If you’re not too hungry….” He gestured to the pillows. “We should talk first.”
“Yes, we should talk.” Over the last ten months, she’d come to hate those words, but their talk today would be different. A happily ever after for her, and the surprise of his life for Chase.
He helped her down, and the soft pillows cushioned her back. He lay next to her, his head braced on his bent arm. “I wasn’t thinking straight, Reno, that weekend in DC, and the last eight months.” He brushed her hair from her face and tucked it behind her ear. “But you have to trust that I’ve got my shit together now. I want to be your man.”
She closed her eyes. She’d always told him she could forgive him for anything. She glanced at him. The look on his face—fear mixed with expectancy—humbled her, and she reached out and touched his cheek. She would forgive him again, and things would be different now. “I do trust you, Chase. I do love you.”
Their gazes fixed on each other in the flickering firelight. She wanted this man. Babies, mini-vans, ponies, and sunny days on sandy Gulf beaches. The perfect family. A log snapped, startling her out of her reverie.
He leaned closer, his hard, flat abdomen pressed against her chubby belly. “I love you, Reno. More than I can explain.” He kissed her, a soft brush of lips.
She laced her hand in his hair and pulled him down. Teasing his lips with her tongue, she awakened the sexual beast in him, and the kiss turned fierce.
He kissed her thoroughly, his tongue tasting every inch of her mouth as if he were starving for her. The zing of lust brought back all the memories of their intense lovemaking, and her pussy lips swelled, creaming for him.
His arm slid down her back to press her tight to him. “I’ve missed this, baby. You’re the only one….” He took a breath and looked into her eyes. “I wasn’t with anyone else.”
She drifted deep into his gaze. “Thank you, Chase.” The knowledge that he’d been faithful erased the pictures she’d conjured in her imagination and melted away so much of her pain.
“Reno?” His face held an expectant look.
She wanted to laugh at the ridiculous question, but she gazed at him as sincerely as she could manage. “There was no one else.”
He visibly relaxed.
“Chase, make love to me.” She wanted a few minutes to reconnect with him. Just the two of them.
The spark in his eyes flared, and he tugged her strap down.
“No, wait,” she blurted. He couldn’t see her breasts right now. “Let me make love to you.”
He smiled, but his brow wrinkled. “Okay.”
She rolled him onto his back and sat on him, pinning his hands to his sides. In this position, she could keep her dress on.
She reached down and undid his belt, unbuttoned his jeans, and pushed them down his legs, trapping him. The thought of him touching her breasts and squeezing—with wet results—gave her another idea. She pulled his T-shirt off him and wrapped it around his wrists, pulling them over his head.
“You know...” His eyes narrowed. “This isn’t exactly how I pictured our make-up sex going.”
She giggled. “Me either, but there’s a reason for it, and….” She grimaced, too horny to try to explain without telling him everything. She changed tactics. “You got a problem with this, cowboy?” She lifted a brow and grabbed his hard cock. God, it felt amazing to touch him again, his hot, pulsing flesh burning her fingers.
He jerked and groaned. “No, no problem at all. Do what you want with me, baby.”
She found a condom in his jeans pocket and slipped it on him, running her hand up and down his hard shaft while holding his balls in her palm. She was in control, powerful, and the sensation heated her blood and stole her breath.
“Slow down there, cowgirl.” His voice came out gravely, and his irises darkened. “You’re gonna waste this nice hard-on if you keep that up.” A sexy grin curled one side of his mouth. “I need to be buried inside your sweet pussy when I come.”
It had been so long, and so much had happened to her body since the last time they made love. Would he notice the changes?
She raised her body over him, and the skirt of her dress billowed out over his chest as she used her hips to glide his shaft over her clit. Each pass of the ridge on his head sent ripples of ecstasy through her cunt.
He groaned. “You’re not gonna take that off?”
“No.” It’s all she was going to say, and to keep him from talking, she shifted her hips until his cock was at the entrance to her pussy. She slowly sunk onto his hard, thick rod.
His eyes rolled upward, and his lids fluttered shut. “So hot. Tight. I’ve missed this, baby.”
The stretching fullness in her canal made her stop for a second, letting her body adjust to him, taking inventory of each exquisite sensation. Pressing her palms to his pecs, she set her pace, rotating her hips, so she slipped up and down on his shaft. The motion was hypnotizing, and she writhed slowly until his body tensed under her, and he freed a hand to sneak between their bodies and touch her mound.
His fingers pinched and tweaked her clit, and every nerve in her body responded. Scalding pleasure engulfed her as she spiraled toward climax.
His body convulsed. “Come with me.”
They reached orgasm together, and she kept her eyes open to watch his gorgeous face contort with pleasure, his heavy-lidded eyes staring back into hers.
Her orgasm spread over her like a warm blanket, shaking her from the inside and clutching around her heart. “I love you, Chase.” Her thoughts clicked off as her climax whirred through her brain, sending flashes of heat through her body. She collapsed on him, lying with her face pressed to his neck as a thousand shivers tickled her skin.
“I love you, Reno.” His chest rumbled with the low words. He breathed heavily, and in less than a minute, he was snoring softly.
Slowly she let herself return to reality as she kissed his neck. Poor guy must have missed a lot of sleep in the last eight months. She would keep him here for as long as she could and let him recharge. His nap gave her a little more time to figure out how to break everything to him.
Joy had her own idea, though. A loud squeal sounded from the back bedroom. Reno slowly moved off Chase.
He blinked awake. “What’s happening?”
Joy let out a short cry.
Reno froze then forced her mouth open. “Chase, there’s something you need to know. And I meant to tell you—”
He laughed as he stood up. “You have a puppy?” He looked around, holding the used condom in his hand. “Where’s the bathroom?”
Pointing to the far side of the kitchen, she watched him walk away, bare-chested, holding up his jeans with one hand.
She frowned. Lord, he was tired if their daughter sounded like a puppy to him. “Fine.” She’d just have to show him.
Chapter Twenty-One
Joy cooed when Reno leaned over her crib and smiled, talking to the baby with silly words spoken in a sweet tone. She changed her diaper and wriggled her into a yellow dress with white ruffle-bottom tights and a little white headband with a pumpkin on it.
“Mommy has someone for you to meet.” She picked up her bundle, inhaling deeply of the soft baby scent that surrounded Joy. Reno squared her shoulders and marched out to the great room. This was it. In a few moments, she’d see a look on his face that would either melt her heart...or break it.
Chase sat on his heels by the fire, a beer in one hand, a log in the other.
“Chase?”
After he settled the log on the fire, he turned. He grinned and stood. “Well, who’s this?” He strolled toward her, taking a sip of beer.
Reno’s lungs wouldn’t work right, and she ended up puffing breaths in and out for about five seconds.
He snuggled his big finger in Joy’s palm, wrapping her tiny fingers around his and smoothing them with his thumb. “Hi, baby girl.”
When he looked into Reno’s eyes, his face drained of color. “Reno, are you babysitting?”
“No.” She glanced down at Joy’s wavy, auburn hair and dark blue eyes. “I was going to tell you, Chase. Truly, I was.” She met his gaze. “But I’m not a brave person. I’m sorry I didn’t contact you sooner.”
He stared at the tiny face. Could he see how much like his own Joy’s was?
A sound came from his mouth. “Yubaaa.”
Reno took the beer out of his hand before he dropped it, set it down, then grabbed onto his arm in case he passed out. She estimated how hard she’d have to shove him to get him to land on the pillows instead of the wood floor if he collapsed.
“Our baby?” His voice sounded clearer now, and red spots highlighted his pale cheeks. “We have a child?”
Biting her lip, she whispered, “Yes. This is Joy.”
He grabbed his left shoulder and winced. “Reno. My God!”
“Chase? Are you okay?” Where was her phone? Should she call for help?
He nodded, his eyes looking unfocused, and he dropped his arm to his side.
She couldn’t tell—was he angry or elated?
“Why didn’t I…?” He stabbed his hands through his hair. “All these months I’ve wasted. I could have been with you. I should have been with you.” His voice quavered. “Aw Reno.”
He looked at her, gulping in air. His eyes gleamed with unshed tears.
“Chase, no recriminations. You’re here now, and we have our whole life ahead of us.”
His gaze slid to his daughter, and he held out his palms. “May I hold her?”
She smiled, and her heart leaped. “Mmm-hmm.” She tenderly set Joy in Chase’s arms. Baby squirmed, and Reno adjusted Chase’s grip so she’d feel more secure.
He cleared his throat. “Hi there, Joy.” His voice sounded choked. “I’m your daddy.”
Baby chose that moment to scrunch up her face and toot.
Chase laughed quietly. “Reno. She’s amazing.” He looked at her. “I can’t believe it. We’ve got a daughter.”
She smiled. “I know. And she’ll be the smartest child on the planet.” When she blinked, tears skittered down her cheeks.
He nodded. “And the most loved.” He wrapped his free arm around Reno and pulled her close, sandwiching Joy between them. “Our child. Reno. This is a miracle.” He wiped away her tears with his thumb.
“It is.” She shrugged. “A miracle caused by birth control failure.”
He looked down at Joy, his brows furrowing. “But you were on the pill, and I used condoms.”
Her eyes opened wide. “On the pill? I was never…Why did you think I was on the pill?”
His face twisted. “I saw the pills in your hotel room in LA.”
Reno sighed. “I filled the prescription, but I was waiting to have my period before I started on them.” She brushed a tiny lock of hair from Joy’s forehead. “But it never came.”
His lips thinned, and he sucked a breath in through his nose. “Reno, I think it might be my fault that you got pregnant.”
A startled laugh bubbled out of her. “I know it is!”
He shook his head. “No, I mean, I think those condoms we used that first weekend failed. They were old.”
“Old?” What would she have done ten months ago if she’d known? The precious little cherub he held so carefully was truly a gift. In hindsight, she would never have taken the morning-after pill, but it would’ve been nice to have been told. “Why didn’t you say something?”
“I was going to, but you were out cold. I saw the pills and thought we were covered.” He let out a long breath. “I’m sorry. One of the first classes I’m signing up for is Communication 101.”
She laughed. “Sign me up for that one, too. The thought of telling you about the baby gave me heart palpitations.”
His jaw worked for a few seconds. “Is that what you were about to tell me in Chicago in June?”
“Yes, and I almost did, but I don’t think either of us was ready to take this on.”
“I don’t think you had much of a choice. What you’re trying to say is, I wasn’t ready.” He looked down at his daughter, who stared at him with big, fascinated eyes. “But I’m ready now, Joy. I’ve fallen in love with you, Little Button.”
Deep inside Reno’s chest, warmth flared and spread. He already had a nickname for his daughter.
“And we’re gonna spend a lot of time together.” He spoke to their baby, glancing briefly at Reno before returning his attention to Joy. “Because Mommy has very important jobs as a writer and a teacher, and we want her to follow her dream and reach her full potential.”
“Chase.” Reno’s love for him overflowed from her heart, making her dizzy with euphoria.
He gazed intently into her eyes. “I want to be the man behind the scenes for you. You’ll have the spotlight, and Joy and I will be damn proud of you….” He squinted at his daughter. “Sorry, Daddy’s gonna stop cussin’ so much.”
What was he saying? He sounded like… “You’re not giving up your career!” The panic in her voice surprised her as much as it jolted him.
“No. I’m saying your work is as important as mine, and it’ll be a challenge, but we’ll work it out. I don’t have to tour every year, now that I’m a mega-star.” He wiggled his eyebrows and grinned. “And I know my songwriting is gonna be easy as rollin’ off a log with two beautiful ladies to inspire me.” He lifted Joy and pressed his lips to her forehead, then kissed Reno.
A giggle formed deep in her chest and bubbled over. “You make me so damn happy, Chase Tanner. I’m thinking we’re going to be the perfect family.”
“We’re. A. Family. An hour ago, I was alone. Ten minutes ago, we were just a couple. Now we’re a family.” The look in his eyes was pure happiness. “I’m a lucky man.” Chase brushed his finger over Joy’s pudgy cheek, and she started rooting at his finger and fussing. “What’s she doing?”
“She’s hungry.” Reno used her baby-talk voice. “Aren’t you, sweet Joy?” She took her daughter from her daddy’s arms, sat on the couch, and slid out of her dress top. She opened her nursing bra and pressed Joy’s cheek to her breast.
Chase sat next to her, watching, his eyes wide. Over the next half hour, he asked a hundred questions. Reno promised to let him see the video the nurse took in the delivery room.
“Uh...” He grimaced. “Let me think about that for a while, okay?”
She laughed as Joy finished feeding. Reno showed Chase how to burp her, and Joy’s tiny head lolled against his shoulder, asleep again.
He breathed in her scent, deeply and with a loving expression in his eyes. “My baby girl,” he whispered. “How has she stolen my heart already?”
Reno bit her cheek to keep her happiness from flooding over into her eyes. “I knew she would.” How had she ever doubted that Chase would fall in love with his daughter? Reno swallowed. She had a lot of work to do on her own insecurities, and having Chase here with her would be the perfect therapy for her.
Chase carried Joy to her room, and together they changed her into soft, pink, footed pajamas and tucked her in bed, setting her bunny and lamb mobile turning and playing a lullaby.
He took Reno’s hand, and they walked out to settle on the couch and talk.
As they sat, Chase’s phone buzzed on the couch table. “Let me turn this off.” He picked it up. “Oh damn.”
Reno tried to sneak a peek.
“A nine-one-one text. From Steele.”
“What does that mean?”
He gave her a questioning look. “Okay if I just check this?”
“Of course.” She stood and headed to the kitchen to get him a beer. “I hope everything’s okay.”
As she walked back toward him, Chase held his phone sideways, and voices came through the speaker. “You’ve gotta see this, baby.”
She sat close to him. He put an arm around her and pressed play on the video. It played from an online site. The video looked like amateur footage shot from behind the scenes at the music video Steele was filming. Tracy stood a few feet from Steele, who was talking on the phone.
Suddenly, Tracy swung around to face him, yelled a few bleeped-out words, then she...
“Holy crap!” Reno squinted to get a better view of the slow-motion replay of Tracy slugging Steele in the mouth. The man’s phone went flying as he took the punch. Reno looked at Chase.
His eyes were wide, but a half-smile curved his lips. “I’m not getting involved in this.” He turned off his phone, glanced at her, then lifted a brow. “But I know you’re dying to call her, so...”
Before the last word left his mouth, Reno jumped up, grabbed her phone, and dialed. “Went right to voice mail.” She waited for the tone. “Tracy, it’s Reno. Call me.” She ended the call and sent the same message as a text.
Setting down her phone, she walked to the fireplace where Chase was adding small logs. “I can’t wait to hear what that was all about.”
“I can.” He stood and pulled her down onto the pillows piled in front of the hearth. “I’m just too dang happy about us right now to worry about them.”
Snuggling her head into his shoulder, Reno closed her eyes and let the warmth of the fire and the security of Chase’s arms lull her. She tried to smother a yawn.
“Sleep, Reno. Tomorrow’s a big day.”
She lifted her head. “What’s tomorrow?”
“We’re gettin’ married.” He grinned.
“What?” She pushed back from him, suddenly wide awake. “You can’t throw something like that at me.”
“The three of us will head to town and get my name on Joy’s birth certificate. Then we’ll buy a license and get hitched. Okay?”
She touched his chest. “You’re a traditional guy, and I understand that. But there’s no reason for us to get married just because of Joy. Actually…” She took her hand back and sat up. “It’s probably a bad idea. Forced marriages—”
“Forced? You think I feel forced to marry you?” He frowned.
“Of course you do. You want to give Joy your name. And the publicity of having a child out of wedlock would ruin—”
“Stop. Don’t say any more.” His lips thinned.
She hated to say that last part, but it was true, and they had to face the reality of the country music world. Musicians had been blacklisted for less.
He dug in the pocket of his jeans and pulled out a black velvet box. “I was saving this for the perfect moment, and it ain’t gonna get any better than this.” He took a deep breath and opened the box. “Reno Linden, will you be my wife?”
Her eyes popped wide, and her mouth formed a tight O. A beautiful two-carat square diamond set on a band of Black Hills Gold, the pink, green and golden hues blending flawlessly into a band with wheat sheaves engraved on the sides. Her fingers itched to reach for it, and her mind longed to say, Yes, but she needed a moment to absorb all this. She couldn’t stop staring at it. “Where did you find it? It’s amazing.”
“After I booked my flight yesterday, I called a jeweler in Rapid City and told him what I wanted.” He took the ring out of the box. “When he said, ‘Two weeks,’ I told him who I was.” Chase smiled. “He was unimpressed, so I offered him double if he’d have it done by noon today.”
“Oh, Chase, this is too much.”
Climbing to one knee, he took her left hand. “Marry me, Reno.”
She would remember this moment forever. Smiling, she nodded and looked at his impossibly handsome face. “I will, Chase Tanner. Tomorrow can’t come soon enough.”
He slipped the ring on. It fit a little tight, but in the next month, she’d lose the rest of her baby fat.
She held out her hand, admiring the sparkling diamond in the firelight. “I adore the wheat sheaves.”
He sat next to her, wrapped his arm around her, and kissed her temple. “You talk about the endless wheat fields in your book. And seeing at least a hundred miles of them today, I know why you love them.”
The ring was the most thoughtful gift she’d ever received. Chase had come so far since she’d first met him. She had no doubt he would be an amazing husband and a committed father. And her biggest fan.
She turned her head and kissed his lips. “I had no idea you were so romantic.”
He eased her around to face the fire, and they lay back on the pillows, him spooning behind her. “Every day, Reno, for the rest of your life.”
Reaching behind her, she grasped his ass. “Sometimes two or three times a day, Chase?”
Their laughter echoed through the A-frame, and she rubbed her bottom against the bulging zipper of her fiancé’s jeans.
He kissed her neck. “Three times a day, minimum.”
*~*~*~*
Thank you for reading Chase and Seduction!
If you enjoyed the story, please leave a review at your favorite online bookstore.
Find out what happened between Steele and Tracy to make her haul off and slug him. And see what happens when the video of it goes viral!
To grab your copy of the next book in the series, find the links on my website.
Heart of Steele
Hot Country Series, Book 2
Chapter One
Tracy Hartman sat in the tall makeup chair, staring at her reflection in the studio’s dressing room mirror. Her long blonde hair framed her hot, red face, and shock glazed her green eyes. The four other women who shared the room for the video shoot had made themselves scarce when she’d come stumbling in.
She lifted her hands. They shook like a Hollywood earthquake.
Had she actually just punched Steele McLairn, country music’s hottest superstar, in the mouth?
The pain in the knuckles of her right hand confirmed it.
Pressing her icy fingers to her burning cheeks, she concentrated on breathing. “What did I do?” She’d tried getting her point across to him by yelling, but when he’d given her that trademark smirk of his...
Dropping her head into her palms, she let out a shaky sob. She may as well cry, no sense in preserving her makeup. She wouldn’t be doing any more filming today. Maybe not ever again.
She should get up and change out of the studio’s costume. Red, spike-heeled cowgirl boots, short shorts, and a pink T-shirt tied up under her breasts seemed a little cliché for a country music video, but it was the hot look this year.
The knock on the door echoed like the final act of a horror movie.
Her heart thudded. Here it was, her ‘getting fired’ scene, but in real life. “Come in.”
Steps sounded behind her, the door closed, and a hand, warm and large, rested on her shoulder.
“Tracy.”
She jerked. It was Steele. She lifted her head and stared at his reflection in the mirror.
He’d taken off his black cowboy hat. His short, dark hair looked like he’d run his hands through it. A lot. His gray-green eyes held confusion instead of the anger she’d expected to see.
She opened her mouth to apologize, but all that came out was a sorry croak and the first breaths of a full meltdown.
His lower lip was swollen, and the side of his mouth glowed bright red. It’d bruise for sure. Why had Steele come instead of sending the studio rep or someone from his entourage? He wanted to fire her himself?
He swung her chair around to face him then lifted his palms. “What the hell happened?” His low Texas accent usually gave her gooseflesh, but now it chilled her.
Hell, she’d started this fight with a strong right cross, now was her chance to finish it in a more mature way. Sniffing back tears, she swallowed hard. “I’ve never hit anyone before. I don’t believe in violence.”
“Coulda fooled me.” His tongue touched the puffiness on his lip.
“I have no excuse for what I did.” She shook her head, hoping her brain would shift into gear. “When I heard what you said on the phone...” Now, her anger rose up again. How could he say such horrible things about her friend Reno? How could he encourage Chase to turn his back on his family?
“What I said on the phone?” His brows dropped. “To my dad?”
Tracy’s galloping thought processes skidded to a halt. “What? Your dad?”
Steele narrowed his gaze on her. “I was talking to my dad when you started yelling.” He worked his strong jaw. “Then you clocked me a good one.” He shrugged. “I know I was using some inappropriate language, but goddamn, Tracy.” He fisted his hands. “You gotta admit you went more than half-crazy.”
Oh, God. He’d been talking to his father. Not to Chase, not about Reno and tiny baby Joy. Mind-spinning panic gripped her. She’d just made a complete idiot of herself and ruined her career, but worst of all, hurt one of the nicest guys she’d ever met—for absolutely no reason. Closing her eyes, she wished the clock would turn back an hour.
*~*~*~*
Connect With Me
Thank you for reading Chase and Seduction, the first book in the Hot Country series. This was the very first erotic romance I wrote, and now it’s the start of a hot series. You won’t want to miss the next books in the series. Find out what happens to both Steele and Ryder as the brothers fight their way through their family troubles while trying to navigate the rough waters of romance.
The country music and hot romance continues with Steele and Tracy’s story in Heart of Steele, Book 2 of the Hot Country Series. Purchase links are available on my website.
I’d love to hear from you. I’ve listed all the places I hang out, and I hope you’ll connect with me at one or more of them.
All my best,
Randi
RandiAlexander.com
Facebook
Facebook Fan Page
Twitter
Instagram
Goodreads
About the Author
Randi Alexander writes romance novels in a fun variety of genres, like western, paranormal, menage, and sweet. When she’s not writing a story or dreaming about her next book, Randi is biking trails along remote rivers or snorkeling the Gulf of Mexico. Forever an adventurous spirit with a romantic imagination, Randi is family-oriented and married to the best guy in the world. Give in to the allure of passion as Randi’s emotional love stories sweep you off your feet and leave you breathless.
Other Books by Randi Alexander
Ghosts of High Paradise Ranch Series
Book 1: Haunting a Cowboy - FREE!
Book 2: Unforgiven Spirit
Book 3: Ghostly Charades
Book 4: Sexy Ghosts: 4 Paranormal Romances
Heroes in the Saddle Series
Book 1: Hot in the Saddle - FREE!
Book 2: Badge and a Saddle
Book 3: Saddle and a Siren
Cowboy Jackpot Series
Book 1: Cowboy Jackpot Christmas - FREE!
Book 2: Cowboy Jackpot Valentine’s Day
Book 3: Cowboy Jackpot St. Patrick’s Day
Hot Country Series
Book 1: Chase and Seduction - FREE!
Book 2: Heart of Steele
Book 3: Rough Ryder
All Cowboy Series
Book 1: All Hat No Cattle - FREE!
Book 2: All Flash No Cash
Book 3: All Smoke No Fire
The Sons of Dusty Walker Series
Book 1: Jackson - FREE!
Book 2: Rori & Jackson
Book 3: A Wedding in Red Creek
Double Seduction Series
Book 1: Double Her Fantasy - FREE!
Book 2: Double Her Pleasure
Book 3: Double Her Temptation
Book 4: Double Her Destiny
Book 5: Double Her Desire
Cowboy Bad Boys Series
Book 1: He’s a Gentleman and a Cowboy
Book 2: Hard Headed Cowboy
Book 3: Ride a Cowboy
Book 4: Cowboy and a Badge
Book 5: Fall Hard for a Cowboy
Book 6: Break a Cowboy’s Heart
Book 7: Hot Lessons from a Cowboy
Book 8: Redneck Romeo
Standalone Books
Christmas Millionaires
