

CHASING SUNSET


L. M. TATE
Contents

Title page
Acknowledgement
Copyright
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Acknowledgement

A big thank you to my husband for all his support on this journey, for being my tea buddy and for always pushing me forward. Thank you also to the amazing people who read my first book as this spurred me on to keep creating.
Copyright © 2020 L.M. Tate

All rights reserved.
This is a work of fiction. Characters, places and incidents are a product of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author.
Chapter 1

The paint brush moved smoothly across the canvas creating an orange sunset over Venice. Though I’d never been, I imagined how the magical city would look. Every brush stroke relieved my stress a little bit more. If only I could create my own world like the ones I brought to life in my paintings. Mazzy Starr wistfully sang Fade Into You on my phone and there was a sense of longing in her voice, of chasing something unreachable, that I could relate to. The song was interrupted by a call and looking at the screen I could see it was my friend Seline.
“Hi Seline.”
“Beth, where have you been? I’ve been trying to call you for days.”
“Sorry, you know what it’s like when I get into a painting. Is everything okay?”
“Yes, everything’s fine. I was just worried about you. Now Jenny’s not there I worry you’re on your own all the time with just your paintings for company.” She wasn’t far off the truth. My sister Jenny moved out not long ago to attend university in London and it was true that I probably did need to get out more.
“I’m fine honestly.” I’d been friends with Seline since we both start working at Milton Bank nine years ago.
“Have you managed to sell any yet?” asked Seline sympathetically. 
“A couple of smaller ones but I only started selling them a couple of months ago. It takes time.”
“I know Beth but you need a living and your redundancy money must be running out. I know mine has. It’s lucky I have Joe.” We’d both been made redundant the year before after eight years at the bank. The branch was closing and there weren’t enough jobs at other branches to keep even half the staff on. It had forced me to pursue my dream of making money from my art. It just wasn’t very lucrative yet.
“Well I don’t have expensive taste like you Seline, so I’m doing okay.” What I meant was that I was scrimping and not spending a penny unless it was absolutely necessary.
“Yeah but I don’t have a spoilt little sister to cater for. Those tuition fees for her dancing degree must be costing a fortune.” It was true but my eighteen-year-old sister Jenny only had me to rely on. Although I was only eighteen myself when our parents were killed in a car accident, Jenny was just nine at the time. Since their deaths I’d had been my sister’s legal guardian. 
“It’s fine honestly. I have a bit of time until the next instalment is due.” I was delighted my sister was doing what she’d always wanted to do but the dance school in London was really expensive. On top of my mortgage payments for my house where I lived in Breckford, it left money very tight but I hoped my larger paintings would start to sell at some point.
“Have you thought about taking in a lodger?” Seline asked.
“What? No. You know I’m not good with strangers.”
“Yes but think about it. You have a spare room on top of the one Jenny isn’t even using. Why not make some money from it?”
“I don’t know. It’d be weird having a stranger in my home and what if they turned out to be some sort of sexual predator?”
“If you’re worried, just rent it out to a woman. There’s an agency you can go through and it vets people first to make sure they’re not dodgy. I’ll send you the web address.”
“You’ve already been researching this?”
“Well what else am I supposed to do when I’m not shopping for shoes?” Seline joked. She could’ve been a kept woman if she’d wanted and could’ve easily spent all her days shopping but I knew Seline was helping her husband Joe with his business accounts. My friend was extremely clever and irritable when she didn’t have a project to work on. In fact, it sounded as though she was already helping Joe’s company become even more profitable. “Just promise me you’ll look into it. You have your own three-bedroom house. I just think you may as well use it and you never know, you might actually enjoy the company.”
“Okay I’ll look into it. I’m not promising I’ll do it but send me the link.” I knew Seline wouldn’t let it go until I at least agreed to consider it.
“It makes financial sense and you know it.”
Later that week not only had I set up an account with the agency but I had a potential lodger called Dominique interested in renting the room. In fact, I was meeting Dominique for an informal interview that coming Saturday, so I had three days to make sure the room was perfect. It was almost as big as my own bedroom but I wanted it to feel cosy, so I bought brand new bedding, a lamp and a thick comfortable rug in neutral tones. In between painting I’d spent time writing up some house rules on the advice of the agent. It all seemed a bit formal but I’d never had a lodger before, so I had to assume it was a perfectly normal process. I hoped Dominique was friendly and liked the room. My sister Jenny had been in touch the day before to say she needed money for yet another dance outfit for a show that was coming up, so the costs were mounting up. I knew I should’ve reminded her about getting a job but I didn’t have the heart burst her bubble as she sounded excited about the show. If this lodger worked out, it would relieve some of the financial stress, so I was keeping my fingers crossed. Friday night I couldn’t sleep with nervousness but told myself if Dominique didn’t like me or the house there would be other people who wanted a room. 
As a big music fan my walls had framed record covers, along with my artwork, dotted around the house. My style was a little bohemian and may not suit someone like Dominique who I’d been informed was a marketing manager and was no doubt really sophisticated. As I waited on Saturday morning to meet the woman who could be the answer to my financial troubles and maybe even a friend if I was lucky, I wondered if maybe I should’ve taken down some of my art and made the house more minimalistic. It was too late now as she was due in the next ten minutes. Giving myself one final look in the mirror, I wasn’t sure what first impression I’d make. I checked my light make-up that surrounded my amber eyes hadn’t smudged and I had no lipstick on my teeth. I wore my favourite flowered teal tea dress with ballet flats. It was turning to spring and was a little warmer, so I’d pinned my long dark hair up loosely to keep it off my neck. 
The colours in the sky were vivid at this time of the year. That’s what had inspired my latest collection of paintings which depicted sunsets across the world. Worrying the smell of oil paint from my studio might be off-putting, I spritzed the rooms with vanilla spray and had just put the bottle away when I heard a car pull up. Looking out of the living room window I saw an expensive black Audi parked outside. It must’ve been Dominique and as I’d expected she had expensive taste. I turned to look around at my humble house which I’d poured my love and most of my savings into. While I loved it, I had to admit it was no show home. My thoughts were interrupted by the doorbell.
Forcing my face into a smile to I cover my nervousness, I walked quickly to the door. However, when I opened it my eyes travelled upwards and the person on the other side was not at all who I expected. Staring down at me was an extremely tall and very muscular man in a grey fitted shirt, dark grey jeans and expensive dark boots that were deliberately made to look worn but really probably cost a fortune. Confused, I wondered if Dominique had brought her boyfriend, so I tried to look past his large form to see if my would-be lodger was standing behind him. 
“Beth I’m assuming?” he asked in a deep voice and gave a polite smile.
“Erm yes. How can I help you?” His slicked back sandy coloured hair just reached the bottom of his ears and his furrowed brow made him look almost wolfish. His intense green eyes made me feel a little self-conscious and I gaped at him without saying anything. 
“I have an appointment about the room. My name’s Dominic. I thought you were expecting me?” He looked down at me and raised his eyebrows expectantly.
 My mouth opened, then closed and opened again in confusion. Then it registered he said he name was Dominic. The woman at the agency had definitely said it was Dominique. Flustered and not knowing what to do, I said, “Please come in.”
He gave me a polite nod and I attempted to move out of the way so his huge body could get past me in the hallway. I closed the door behind me and blew out a breath thinking I was going to kill Seline for talking me into this. Maybe he’d hate the place and wouldn’t want to move in anyway. I could always let him look around and then say afterwards that I’d given the room to someone else. Collecting my thoughts, I followed him into the living room. To say I felt awkward was an understatement. I wasn’t the most social person, possibly even socially awkward and to have an Adonis in my living room surrounded by my weird things freaked me out. 
“May I sit down?” he asked in his deep well-spoken London accent. 
“Yes, please,” I answered in my not-so-eloquent northern twang and he sat down on the couch. 
His eyes cast over the paintings on the walls and he commented, “You like art.” It wasn’t a question but a statement and there didn’t seem to be any distain in his voice. I knew there were too many paintings on the walls. The ones I hadn’t managed to sell had nowhere to go and it seemed a shame to lock them all away in my studio so a lot of them ended up on my wall. I must’ve looked like some sort of strange hoarder.
“I like to paint,” I said feeling embarrassed and clenching my hands together as I sat down in the chair next to the couch.
“They’re yours?” he asked, his eyebrows raised in surprise. 
“Yeah. Mostly landscapes of places I’ve never been to,” I said depreciatively with a nervous laugh. “They don’t have to stay up. I just haven’t gotten around to finding them a permanent home yet.” I wasn’t sure why I was trying to please him; it wasn’t like I was planning on letting him stay. Not that he’d want to anyway.
I coughed and remembered what I should be doing. “Would you like to see the room?” I asked.
“Yes. That would be good.”
I could feel the heat of him at my back as we walked up the stairs and it made me nervous. He didn’t seem like a serial killer but then I imagined serial killers never did seem like murderers while they were luring you into a false sense of security. It was a different sort of nervousness really, more self-consciousness from having an attractive man walking so close behind me. While I personally thought the spare room was very comfortable, I doubted it would be to his taste. Not that it mattered because he wasn’t going to be moving in anyway. Dominic followed me into the room and cast his scrutinising eyes over the solid wooden double bed, plush quilt, beige cover and thick brown checked blanket. There was an oak wooden desk in the room and matching wardrobes. It was more country cottage than city sleek. As an eternal people pleaser, I wanted him to like the room, even if he wasn’t moving in.
Dominic looked down at me, nodded and said, “I’ll take it. If you’ll have me.” 
I was so stunned that he wanted to take the room that I just nodded without thinking. “Sure, I’ll have you,” I squeaked then flushed in mortification when I realised what I’d said. “I mean, sure you can have the room.” Inside I was kicking myself for not being able to lie and say I had some other people wanting to view the room.
“Great,” he said. “Shall we go over the paperwork?” Dominic stared at me expectantly and I found myself nodding again. His brow furrowed and I realised I needed to say something sensible. I hadn’t meant to agree to let him stay but I couldn’t find it in me to say no.
“Yes, of course,” I answered, and he followed me downstairs. Although I was trying to take charge, my hands were trembling a little as I dug out the rules of the house. He would no doubt think they were ridiculous and I couldn’t believe I’d taken the advice of the agent in preparing them. 
On reading through the list however, Dominic said, “Yes that all seems reasonable to me.”
Within half an hour we had the forms signed, agreed the rent and he was set to move in the weekend after. It turned out he only needed to rent the room for the next nine months or so while he was on secondment with his marketing firm. He was already a month into the secondment but had found it difficult booking a new hotel room each week, so he decided to rent a room. He told me he’d be spending his weekends back home in London and just needed somewhere during the week to sleep and do work. It actually sounded like the perfect arrangement for me.
“Do you need me to arrange any help with your things?” I offered.
“No, it’s fine. I’ll only be bringing my clothes. My partner, Tara, can always send anything on if I need it.” So, he had a girlfriend, well that actually made things easier as I wouldn’t have to be as nervous around him. When Dominic left, I was still in shock. I had a new lodger, who wasn’t a woman but was absolutely gorgeous and who also had a girlfriend.
Chapter 2

Having looked after my sister from the age of eighteen, I’d never lived with a man before so the first week sharing a house with Dominic felt strange. In fairness, my routine hadn’t changed that much as I hardly saw him. He was at the gym and went to work before I even woke up. Generally, he stayed in work until late and when he did get home, he was in his room working. When I got up of a morning, I only knew he’d been home because his dishes were washed, and he’d used the washing machine. I felt bad making an evening meal for just myself, so I offered a couple of times to put some food aside for when he got home but he always declined. The message was clear, he wanted to use the house as somewhere to sleep and work, much like a hotel room. He didn’t want it to be a home. He had a home down south. Everything he brought with him could fit easily into a suitcase. On the few occasions when I passed him on the stairs, he gave a polite greeting but kept it formal. He always wore a smart suit or shirt with trousers and I never saw him in anything casual as he didn’t spend his weekends at the house. It was silly but I couldn’t help but feel a little rejected that he didn’t want to interact with me whatsoever. When those thoughts crossed my mind, I pushed them aside and reminded myself that I was doing this for the extra income. I was his landlord and he paid me money to live there. He didn’t owe me any of his time.
“So, how’s Mr Gorgeous, Silent and Moody?” asked Selina when she called one morning. Dominic and I were three weeks into our arrangement and had barely spoken a few sentences to each other. 
“He’s fine. I think.”
“Still no conversation then? No cuddles on the couch?” she joked.
“Seline, you know he has a girlfriend and believe me he’d never be interested in me even if he was single. I think I felt less invisible when I lived on my own.”
“Well think about the money. I hope it’s not all going to go on that sister of yours.”
“Please leave her alone. She’s been through a lot.”
“So have you and you’re not spoilt.” 
I sighed having had this conversation many times before with Seline. I didn’t dare tell her that Jenny had called the night before asking for more travel money for a different show she was taking part in. On top of her tuition fees, she was costing me a fortune and I really hoped she got a job soon. 
“How about you? How’s life as a pampered housewife going?” I asked her, knowing she was far from the stay at home and look pretty wife. 
“I’ve actually had a great idea for a new sideline for Joe’s business. I’m working out a way to pitch it to him. This could really set us up for our retirement.”
“You’re twenty-eight. You have years to think about that.” The thought also made me nervous because I’d cashed in my pension from the bank and used it along with some of my redundancy money to upgrade the dilapidated bathroom and install central heating in the house.
“We’re not getting any younger Beth. Talking of which, if Dominic’s already taken, we need to find you a man.”
Wanting to put an end to her idea, I groaned and said, “I really have to go. This painting needs to be finished today.” The last thing I needed was her trying to find me a boyfriend. After all, it was Seline’s fault that I’d ended up with a strange man living in my house who barely spoke to me. “Oh and I think you should definitely speak to Joe about your business idea.”
“Do you think so?” she asked excitedly.
“Yeah go for it. If you think it’s worth a shot, I have full faith in you.” She was genius and if she thought it was a good idea, it would work. Also, if Seline’s focus was on that, there would be less time for her to think about my love life or lack thereof.
That evening I was in my studio, on the ground floor next to the kitchen. I was painting a sunset over Barcelona while listening to Sharon Van Etten singing about being seventeen, when I heard the front door open. Turning the music down, I heard the door close then footsteps on the stairs which I recognised as Dominic’s. It was only just past eight, so he’d probably spend the rest of the night working in his room. With my hair tied up in a headscarf away from my face and a paint splattered grey shirt, I looked a bit like a suffragette from one of those wartime propaganda posters. Seeing as my focus had been interrupted, I decided to make a cup of tea. When I went out to the kitchen, I could hear Dominic’s raised voice coming from his room. I couldn’t help but tiptoe to the foot of the stairs to listen. 
“You’re being unreasonable Tara. I have to be here for business,” he said sternly. I knew it was sad that I had to eavesdrop to find out anything about him. It was frustrating that I couldn’t hear her side of the heated conversation but I gathered it was about him living with me. He huffed and added, “That’s ridiculous. I’m here because it’s easier than trying to book a hotel every week. What does it matter who I’m living with? I hardly see her. You know how late I work and I’m up early. The woman’s a hermit and spends most of the time in her studio.”
His words shocked me and I felt hurt at his judgement of me. Just because I spent time painting didn’t mean I was a hermit. My heart started to race but I couldn’t move away from the stairs. There was silence as he listened to his girlfriend’s response. “Don’t be ridiculous Tara. She’s not even my type. I mean she has the fashion sense of Stevie Nicks, if she got dressed in the dark.” His comment hit me in the chest and my breath caught. I’d actually always thought Steve Nicks looked really cool, so what was he even talking about? I knew I needed to walk away before I heard anymore but for some reason I was glued to that bottom stair, a glutton for punishment.
I assumed he’d appeased Tara as his voice got a little softer. “It’s only seven more months then I’ll be back home. Think of the money I’m making for our wedding next year.” So, he was engaged? She was his fiancée not just a girlfriend. It sounded as though the conversation was ending so I tiptoed into the kitchen and put on the kettle as though I’d just come out to make a cup of tea. The bathroom door closed and I could hear the shower switch on. I was in a daze as I waited for the water in the kettle to boil and I replayed his words over in my head. Painting meant I needed a lot of alone time but it didn’t mean I was some sort of recluse. It hurt that he thought that. I looked down at my paint-spattered clothes and felt ashamed at what he’d said about my fashion sense. My clothes were admittedly a little quirky but then trying to look sleek and sophisticated wouldn’t make me feel happy inside. I didn’t have the money to wear designer labels and even if I did, I wouldn’t spend it on clothes. For some reason his words filled me with a sense of rejection and that upset me. Why did I even care? He didn’t know me and he’d be gone shortly. Criticising my clothes probably wasn’t grounds enough to kick him out, plus he’d know I’d been listening, so I had to force myself to put the conversation out of my mind and just try to spend as little time in his company as possible seeing as he disliked me so much. Lost in thought as I stirred my tea, I hadn’t heard Dominic approach. 
“Good evening,” he said politely but coolly. It was a surprise to see him in casual clothes but even those moulded to his body perfectly and were clearly expensive. He had on a pair of grey lounge pants and long-sleeved grey top which showed the outline of his muscular physique. His hair was wet and combed back. Dominic was undoubtedly attractive, well apart from his personality and dislike of me. My face flushed with discomfort. I felt nervous and wasn’t sure how to act around him now that I knew he didn’t like me. His speckled green eyes quickly took in my headscarf and rumpled grey shirt as he walked to the fridge and my heart sank knowing exactly what he thought of my clothes. 
  “The kettle just boiled if you want a hot drink,” I said timidly. I couldn’t think of anything else to say. “I’ll be in my studio if you need anything.” 
It was possible Dominic picked up on my awkwardness because he turned from the fridge to look at me with his analytical gaze. “Thank you,” he said and narrowed his eyes slightly as though he was trying to figure something out. I held my cup of tea to my chest like a shield, nodded quickly and then ducked back into my studio. It was my sanctuary and I let out a high of relief when I closed the door. I put Sharon Van Etten back on and tried to hold back tears as she sang about the sun coming up. Though I did my best to push them out, my thoughts stuck on Dominic’s conversation. I picked up my paintbrush and let the emotions flood on to the canvas, slowly feeling the euphoric release. I reminded myself that Dominic living there was a business transaction. Overhearing the conversation was actually a good thing. I knew where I stood and wouldn’t waste my time trying to become friends.
Chapter 3  

I couldn’t help but feel awkward following Dominic’s phone conversation, so I tried to keep out of his way even more than normal and at the end of the week I was relieved when he went back home. We barely spoke two words to one another and I stopped offering him a cup of tea or food if he was around, knowing it would be refused anyway. I didn’t attempt to strike up any conversation when we passed on the stairs as I knew it was pointless because he didn’t really want to speak to me, so I just smiled politely. A week after the phone conversation I went out for painting supplies and was home a little later in the evening than normal. It was a surprise when I came home to find Dominic in the kitchen cooking. I placed my bags down in the hallway and was taking off my coat when he appeared at the kitchen doorway in front of me.
Looking up and smiling slightly, I said, “Oh hi. Sorry, I didn’t mean to disturb your cooking.”
He looked down at me puzzled. “You didn’t disturb me. I wondered where you were. You’re not usually out this late.” His tone was almost accusatory. While I wanted to say that even hermits like me occasionally had a life of their own, I bit my lip. 
“I didn’t realise the time,” I said politely, not knowing how to answer him. He stood there looking at me as though waiting for more of an explanation but I just smiled at him. It was childish but part of me wanted him to think I had a life and I didn’t want to tell him I’d just been for art supplies.
“Did you go anywhere nice?” he asked casually but stared at me attentively like he really wanted to know. It was the most attention he’d given me in the month-and-a-half that we’d been living together. I wasn’t sure what to make of it.
“Yeah, sure,” I answered in a noncommittal way. I couldn’t admit to him now that I’d only been to the art shop. 
He looked at me suspiciously, arms folded. “I wasn’t sure when you were due home. Maybe we should keep each other posted if we’re going to be out.” Seeing as he never let me know where he was going to be or what time he was coming in, I guessed what he really meant was that I should keep him posted when I was going to be out. 
“I’ll let you know if I’m ever going to be really late or if I’m not coming home that night,” I said politely. I wasn’t used to answering to anyone but if I was ever planning on staying in Seline’s, it was only fair to tell him.
“Not coming home?” he asked, confused. “Well I certainly hope you’d let me know if that was going to happen,” he added in a serious tone. I wasn’t sure what had gotten into him. We were interrupted by the noise of a pan boiling over and he walked into the kitchen quickly to take it off the hob. I put my bags in the studio before he had chance to see the art supplies. After dashing upstairs for a quick shower, I put on my pyjamas. It was a bit late to paint tonight so I planned on watching some television. Dominic came into the living room as I sat down on the sofa.
“Have you eaten?” he asked. “I’ve made extra if you’re hungry.” It smelled deliciously spicy but I’d already grabbed food on the way home.
“That’s really kind of you but I’ve had a bite to eat thank you.” He looked like he wanted to ask more but just nodded and walked out. His behaviour was strange, especially seeing as he never wanted to interact with me normally. I switched on the television and a while later he walked into the living room and sat down on the couch on the opposite side of the room. It made me realise, he’d never actually sat and watched television since he’d moved in and I should at least offer him a turn of having the living room to himself seeing as he was paying rent.
“You can watch something else if you want,” I offered him the remote control. “I was about to go to bed and read for a bit anyway.”
“No,” he said quickly. “I mean, I don’t really want to watch anything.”
“Oh well feel free to switch it off or play some music if you like.” I moved forward to stand up so I could give him some space.
“Don’t feel like you have to leave because of me,” he said messing his hair a little looking frustrated. It was distracting when it fell over his face making him look even more handsome if that was possible. He wore casual lounge bottoms and a fitted cotton top which looked even better on him than the suits he always wore. 
“I’m a little tired. I could do with an early night,” I answered. This was the longest conversation we’d had apart from when he first came to view the house and I wasn’t sure why he was speaking to me. 
“It’s not that late. You must’ve had a tiring evening.” His comment almost sounded like a question and he looked at me intently to see my reaction.
“Yeah it was.” Shopping for art supplies and carrying heavy bags around was quite tiring. Dominic didn’t seem happy with my response and folded his arms across his broad chest.
“I’ve hardly seen you this week.” he said. Admittedly I’d tried to stay out of his way. I knew he didn’t want to interact with me so I thought it would make living together easier for us both.
“I’ve been busy with my painting.” It was the truth. I was always busy with my painting. 
He nodded thoughtfully. “We went to an art gallery at the weekend.” That piqued my interest.
“You and your fiancée?” I asked.
His brow furrowed and he said, “How did you know I had a fiancée?” 
“I think you’ve mentioned her before,” I stuttered.
“It’s just that nobody knows we’re engaged yet and I don’t think I told you that.” My face dropped when realised my mistake. A look of dawning crossed his features, like he knew I must’ve picked the information up from one of their phone calls. I just hoped more than anything he didn’t realise I’d been listening in to his conversation the week before.
“Well it was nice chatting with you,” I said quickly and got up off the couch. Before he could respond or question me anymore, I was up the stairs. 
The next evening, I was expecting to have the house to myself and I was blasting Kate Bush’s song Running Up That Hill, letting the music flow through me while painting a sunset over the Scottish Highlands. My hair was tied up in a headscarf and I was wearing my long comfy flannel checked shirt with my leggings along with ankle boots. I was in my element and at my happiest when I was like this. The door to my studio suddenly flew open giving me a fright and as I turned to see who it was, I accidentally smeared my paintbrush across my cheek. Dominic had come home early again. Well actually it wasn’t early, just a normal time as opposed to practically living in work and coming home only to sleep. I turned the music down, panting a little to recover from my surprise at seeing him. He hadn’t been in my studio since I took him on a tour of the house before he moved in. It wasn’t that it was off limits, he was just never tempted by it. 
“Sorry to startle you. I did knock,” he said and looked as though he was trying to hide a smile as he took in my paint-smeared face.
“It’s fine,” I answered a little breathlessly, trying to compose myself. “Is everything okay?”
“Yes, everything’s fine.” There was a pause as he stared at me and I twirled my paintbrush uncomfortably while my heart was racing with nervousness. Why was I so socially awkward? I couldn’t think of anything to say to fill the gap, especially because I knew he didn’t like me and thought I was a hermit. I wasn’t sure why he’d even come into the studio. “So, you’re a Kate Bush fan?” he asked after a few seconds of silence. 
“Erm, yeah. She’s brilliant and her music kind of helps me paint. Sorry it was a bit loud. I wasn’t expecting you home this early.”
“It’s fine. I love her music too.”
“Really?” I was surprised that we had something in common. I also couldn’t believe he was making conversation with me.
“Yeah. I have a few of her albums on vinyl back home.” 
“Me too. I love Hounds of Love. If you ever want to listen to it while you’re here, the record player’s in the living room.”
“Thanks. Maybe I will.” His green eyes and wolfish expression skimmed my clothes and I realised I looked like a wartime factory worker who had been transported to the nineties grunge era. I sighed, knowing he was probably disapproving of my weird fashion sense. My clothes were comfortable and made me happy, so I shouldn’t have to feel ashamed. His intense eyes met mine as he ruffled his thick sandy hair and made it look attractively disheveled. I was almost tempted to run my own hands through it. My cheeks blushed as I realised I was staring at this man who was engaged to be married next year and who actually didn’t even like me. Tearing my gaze away, I placed my paintbrush in its holder and expected him to retreat from the room but he did the opposite. He walked into my workspace and his eyes travelled around the studio. They landed on the painting I was working on which was almost finished. His eyebrows furrowed as he concentrated on my work. “It’s really good,” he murmured, almost to himself but loud enough for me to hear. It was said with conviction and didn’t sound like a platitude, which actually meant a lot.
“Thank you,” I whispered, a little embarrassed.
 “Where is it? Ireland, Scotland, somewhere like that?”
“It’s Scotland. I’ve never been but then that’s kind of my thing. I paint places I’ve never been to but would really like to visit. It’s how I imagine their sunsets would look.”
“Well you have a remarkable imagination. Maybe you’ll get to visit these places one day.” He looked down at me and his eyes travelled over my face as though he was noticing its features for the first time before he jerked his gaze back to my painting. 
“Maybe,” I said a little dispassionately, as it wasn’t likely I’d be having a holiday anytime soon, at least not until Jenny finished university and had a full-time job. 
Dominic must have sensed my tone as he asked, “Why not? What’s stopping you?” He looked at me with his direct stare and I found myself blurting out what was in my head.
“Well I’ve only just started painting really so it doesn’t exactly make loads of money and when you have a little sister like mine you need all the money you can get.” I tried to sound like I was joking but in truth I felt bad that I couldn’t fund the kind of lifestyle Jenny wanted.
“You’re responsible for your sister?” he asked. I wasn't comfortable with how the conversation had gotten personal so quick.
“Yeah I’m all she has by way of family. I’ve been her guardian for years.” I flipped the record to escape his gaze and hoped he’d drop his questioning. Not accustomed to being asked about myself, it made me feel uncomfortable.
“Where are your parents?” I wasn’t sure where his sudden interest in my life had come from and I almost wished he’d go back to acting like I didn’t exist.
 “They died in a car accident when I was eighteen. Jenny was just nine when it happened. I’ve been looking after her ever since.”
He looked at me not with sympathy but with almost admiration. “I’m sorry to hear that. It must have been a lot to take on at that age. So, where is your sister now?”
“She’s a dancer. She’s studying in London at the moment,” I replied.
He raised his eyebrow, “Well that must cost a lot with tuition and accommodation.”
“Yes, you’re not wrong and they have to have a different outfit for every show. It costs a fortune.”
“Does she work?” 
“She’s looked for a job but her course doesn’t really allow her much extra time. I think it’ll be alright after the first year. She’ll stop going out so much. I mean that’s part and parcel of being a student isn’t it?” I smiled at him awkwardly.
“Well it is if you can afford it,” he said neutrally. He looked thoughtful for a second and asked, “Is that why you took in a lodger? To pay for your sister’s tuition?”
My cheeks flamed because I hated him knowing I’d let him live there because I needed the money, even though it was true. “My best friend Seline kind of talked me into it, plus I have a mortgage to pay and it seemed a shame to let a room go to waste.” I acted as though it was my choice to do this when in fact Seline had forced me to see that it made financial sense.
A smile escaped him and I wondered what he was smirking at. “What?” I asked.
“It’s just that my fiancée Tara thought you’d advertised for a lodger to get a boyfriend. You know, to try and ensnare a man into living with you but now it all makes sense.”
I blew out an offended breath. “No, that was definitely not the reason,” I assured. “In fact, when I agreed to the interview, I thought the lodger was going to be a woman. I was told your name was Dominique.”
He burst out laughing. “No wonder you looked so surprised when I knocked. I thought I had the wrong the house. That must’ve been a shock when I turned up at the door.” I was astonished at hearing his laugh. He’d even made a joke. What had gotten into him?
“You have no idea,” I murmured remembering how nervous I felt.
His green eyes assessed me again. It felt like his huge form took up a lot of the space in my room and there was nowhere for me to escape to. I clenched my hands and averted my gaze. “You’re really shy,” he said gently. My face heated and it was the worst thing he could have said to me. I was mortified. 
Stammering I said, “I just like my own space.” I was wringing my hands now as I could feel my body clenching up and I couldn’t look him in the eye.
After a few seconds he stepped back and I could breathe a bit easier. In his gentle tone, he said, “Of course, which you have every right to in your own home. Sorry, I’m a bit direct at times.” I nodded at him and he smiled. “Well I’ll leave you to your painting then. I just came in to say that I’ll be making food in a while if you want to join me,” he offered. 
“Thank you but I’ve already eaten.” It was a lie but I would grab some toast or something while he was upstairs later that evening. I was sure he was just being polite or was taking pity on me, seeing me as a shy hermit with no money. In future I needed to avoid his questions as I wasn’t coming out in a very good light. He nodded at me and walked out. When I was alone, I breathed a sigh of relief. To try and avoid further conversation with him, I stayed in my studio until late that night. Rather than staying in his room, I heard him in the living room watching television. When I heard him go upstairs and turn the shower on, I ran into the kitchen. I was ravenous and made a quick sandwich which I brought back into the studio. As I sat in my studio eating, I realised how silly I was being. Avoiding him like this for the next eight months wouldn’t be possible but I did need a strategy to help me deal with him.
The next day, Seline sat across from me in the coffee shop. “What you need is a man. You need to go out on a date. That way you’ll stop worrying about what your attractive lodger thinks of you. The handsome lodger that I still have yet to meet by the way,” she added with her eyebrow raised.
I blew out a breath of frustration, more at myself because of how silly my shyness was. “I don’t think that’s the answer. If I’m nervous around the man I’m living with, I don’t think forcing myself to meet strange men is going to be any better.”
“The difference is, they don’t really know you. They won’t see you all scruffy in your painting gear. You can pretend to be whoever you want to be. It’s just a bit of fun and if you don’t like them you don’t have to see them again. Where’s the harm?”
I wasn’t sure whether to feel insulted at her comment about my clothes or whether she was actually making sense. It was also a touchy subject with me at the moment. “What’s wrong with my clothes?”
“Nothing. They’re fine if you’re not planning on actually interacting with the outside world.” She really didn’t hold back with her honesty. I usually liked that trait but at that moment, it made me feel worse.
“Do I look like I got dressed in the dark?” I asked, still not over Dominic’s comment about my fashion sense. 
Seline scrunched her nose and asked, “No, course not. I was just joking. You’ve got your own sense of style. You’re not a follower and that’s a good thing. Why? Who said that?” I shook my head and sipped my cappuccino. “Did he say that?” Seline asked.
“I heard him say it to his fiancée that’s all. I just got a bit over sensitive about it.”
“The cheeky thing. I don’t care how fit he is, he has no right to say that about you. Plus, you’re gorgeous. He was probably just trying to make his girlfriend feel better.” Seline always had my back. Yes, she’d openly tell me straight if I had paint over my face and needed to clean myself up but she wouldn’t let anyone else criticise me. “That’s it. I’m not having him saying that about you. We’re giving you a makeover and you will look spectacular for your date.”
“I never agreed to a date,” I groaned but Seline just gave me a devilish smile that told me there was no getting out of it. Later that week my so-called best friend had set me up on a date with someone called Jack, one of her husband’s business friends, who I’d never even met. At least it was the Saturday coming so Dominic wouldn’t be there to make me feel even more nervous. 
“You’re going on a date?” My sister Jenny asked, sounding horrified. It was one of her rare phone calls. She’d contacted me because she needed money once again. This time it was for her phone bill. I only told her about the date in case she tried to contact me while I was out on Saturday night. “I mean, why?”
“What do you mean why? It’s just a date. People go on dates.” I was trying to act calm even though it was peculiar behaviour for me to go out anywhere with a man.
“You’ve just never been interested in getting a boyfriend,” Jenny said. “It’s weird.” She’d always been blunt but I was recently sensing a new distain towards me. Her personality was changing.
“I’m not getting a boyfriend. It’s just a date.” I didn’t add that the reason I’d never attempted to have a relationship since I was eighteen was because I’d been bringing Jenny up. All my attention had been on making her life as secure as possible. I was so busy trying to earn a living for us that I pushed aside any thoughts of romance. My love life was practically non-existent and losing my virginity to the friend of a co-worker during a work night out, was the extent of my experience. 
“So is he rich?” Jenny asked. I paused from stirring my cup of tea as I stood in the kitchen and I shook my head at her constant interest in people’s money.
“I don’t know. I didn’t ask.” I hated that she even asked me that, and I could practically hear the wheels turning in her head. She could spot money a mile off. Jack owned a business, so he probably was wealthy but for some reason I felt uncomfortable about Jenny knowing that. She lost interest in the conversation soon after that and said she’d be in touch soon. As I looked up from my phone, Dominic was in the doorway with a strange expression on his face. It was early evening and I hadn’t even heard him come in. Over the past few days I’d holed myself up in my studio, telling myself I wasn’t avoiding him but that I was focusing on my work.
Dominic walked in looking a little tense and took a cup out of the cupboard. He shot a look at me and in an overly casual way said, “So you’re going on a date?”  
My face blushed, as though I wasn’t an adult single woman who could do whatever she wanted. “Yes, this Saturday.” He looked at me like he was waiting for more of an explanation but I didn’t feel there was anything else I needed to add. 
His mouth was in a grim line as he said, “Who is he?”
“Just someone my friend Seline knows.” My face was heating up further as his scrutinising eyes bore down on me. I lowered mine and realised I was staring at his muscular chest, so I quickly brought them back to his face. 
“I didn’t know you went out on dates.”
“I don’t usually but I suppose I am now.”
“Where did you meet him?” Dominic was leaning against the kitchen counter attempting to look casual but his gaze was scrutinising. 
I wanted to lie to him and give the impression that I’d been asked out by someone who was interested in me but he would see through it. “Well I haven’t met him yet. It’s kind of a blind date.”
As I went to walk past him, he stepped sideways blocking my path. “You’re going out with someone who you’ve never even met?” His tone was admonishing, and he looked almost angry. “Do you have any concern for your own safety?”
I didn’t appreciate him looking down on me. “Seline set this up. She’s my best friend and she’d never set me up with someone dodgy but thanks for the concern.” My tone had a little bite to it which I think surprised him, as his eyebrows raised for a split second before he glowered at me again. As I went to walk past him once more, he stood in my way again and I almost bounced into him. Confused, I looked up at him and started to get annoyed. He looked down on me with equal annoyance and didn’t budge, letting me know the conversation wasn’t over.
“What’s his name?” he asked, continuing his interrogation.
“His name’s Jack. Why?”
Ignoring my question, he asked, “Jack what?”
“I don’t know his surname. I never asked.” That made me sound irresponsible but I hadn’t thought to ask. I trusted Seline and knew she wouldn’t send me out with anyone dangerous.
“You don’t even know his name? Are you insane?” Dominic was trying to keep control of his voice but I could tell he was angry. “There won’t even be anyone here to know if you got home safe. Anything could happen to you.”
“I’m not twelve Dominic. In case you haven’t noticed, I’m a grown woman and I’ve been living on my own for a good while now thank you very much.” My arms were folded as I stared up at him in defiance. “Now, if you’ll please let me past. I have a painting to finish.”
He didn’t move so I had to walk around him. I wasn’t sure why he was being so negative. As if I wasn’t nervous enough about going on a date, I didn’t need Dominic adding to it. At least he’d be going back home at the weekend, so I’d have some space to mentally prepare myself for my night out. It was just a meal so even if I didn’t like Jack, at least I’d have some nice food. 
My stomach churned as I looked at dresses in an online sale that week. Somehow, I didn’t think he’d be impressed with paint-stained overalls, so I knew I had to buy something. I opted for a 1950s style vintage dress which was emerald green with lace flowers, had a large belt that tied in a big bow and a flared skirt. My dress arrived late on Friday afternoon and as I was hanging it on my wardrobe door feeling thankful that I had the house to myself that evening to try it on, I heard the front door open and close. Rushing to the stairs, I saw Dominic walk past and into the kitchen. He should have been on his way down to London by now. Maybe he forgot something and would be heading off soon. Walking down the stairs, I followed him into the kitchen. I was confused as I watched him taking pans from the cupboard as if to prepare food.
“Erm, what are you doing? I asked.
He gave me an annoyed look and then held up the pan as though it was obvious. “Cooking?” he said, a little sarcastically.
I blew out a breath. “I can see that. I mean what are you doing here? Tonight? It’s Friday.”
He shrugged. “I’ve got to be close to the office tomorrow. They might need me to go in.”
“So, you’re not going back home?”
“No, like I said they need me close by.”
“You don’t usually have to work of a weekend.” It would be my luck that his work asked him to be around the one weekend when I’m due to go out and needed space to get ready.
“I know. There’s this new campaign. It’s the reason I’m up here and the deadline is next week but they might need to make last minute changes.” He said it dismissively not looking at me, as though it was no big deal. “Not a problem is it?”
“No, of course not,” I lied. It actually was a problem. I didn’t want him there at all the next day, looking down on me when I was getting ready for my date. In fact, just the thought of him being there all day made me feel frazzled.
“If you’re in tomorrow, I could get us something nice to eat,” he said as he poured brown rice into a pan. 
“I’m going out tomorrow, remember?” My face flushed with embarrassment. 
“Oh yeah I forgot. Is that still happening?” he asked distractedly, as though it was the least important thing in the world. I was really nervous about my date and yet he was acting as though it was not even worth a thought. 
“Yes, it’s still happening,” I answered trying not to grit my teeth. Dominic nodded nonchalantly and continued to prepare food. It annoyed me that he was interrupting my weekend and acting like it was not a big deal. I blew out a frustrated breath and went upstairs to try my dress on, determined not to let his presence put me in a bad mood.
The next day, it was like Dominic was doing everything he could to get on my nerves. First, he couldn’t find a sieve, then he was looking for the garlic crusher. When he decided to fix the dripping tap and needed a spanner, I wanted to smack him with it. He also kept eyeing my rollers like they were a weird life form growing on my head. I knew that I was being irrational and it was probably just my nerves making me lose patience with him but I really wished he would have let me get ready in peace. Thankfully, the kitchen was all in one piece when I came downstairs to wait for my taxi. Dominic was in the shower and I willed my taxi to arrive before he got out. My stomach was fluttering as I waited in the hallway looking longingly at my studio door, thinking I could just take off my nice dress put my overalls on, tie my curled hair back and do some painting instead of making a fool of myself with some man I didn’t even know. I heard the stairs creak and I took in a breath at the sight of Dominic walking down the stairs wearing just a pair of casual navy bottoms and no top. A body like that shouldn’t have existed in real life. It was suddenly a bit too warm and I almost fanned myself. My face flamed, as I willed myself to stop staring. He had a fiancée and I was about to go out on a date, yet I couldn’t help but gawk at him. Dominic smirked at me as if knew my predicament and that annoyed me. His grin turned into a frown as he looked me over. My heart sank. I knew his reaction to my clothes would ruin my night. That’s why I wanted to be out before he came downstairs. Bracing myself for his reaction, I took a deep breath.
“What?” I asked defensively.
His eyes travelled over my hair, down my dress again and back up to my eyes. “That’s what you’re wearing?” He practically squawked at me.
I ran my hand down my green dress nervously. “Yes, why?”
He stared at me for a few seconds then said, “You don’t want to give him the wrong impression.”
“About what?” He was confusing me now.
“It’s just that you’ve gone to so much effort. You don’t want to look desperate.” He appeared to almost cringe with regret when he said it but straightened his face quickly. 
My mouth opened in shock and indignation. “I am not desperate,” I annunciated each word and narrowed my eyes at him. I could feel my anxiety rising and tears brimming behind my eyes at his insult.
He raised an eyebrow as he folded his arms across his muscular, naked chest. “Your dress is too short and too tight at the top. You could leave something to the imagination.” 
I clenched my handbag and felt my anger rising. “It’s almost to my knees. It’s not even short.”
“Well I’ve never seen that much of your legs before and are those heels? Since when do you wear heels?” He was glaring at my legs like they somehow offended him. Luckily my taxi beeped outside before he could say anything else. His eyes shot to the door and back at me accusingly. “What time will you be back?” he demanded.
“I don’t know. I have my key so don’t feel like you have to stay in,” I answered, annoyed.
“Oh I’ll be in, don’t worry.” His tone was almost a warning and he smiled but it didn’t quite reach his eyes. “Just in case you were thinking of bringing your date home.” The conversation about bringing people home had never come up because I actually had no private life but maybe we would need to agree to some ground rules.
“I’ll bear that in mind,” I answered irritably as I opened the door. I had no intentions of bringing anyone home but I wasn’t going to admit that to him.
“You do that,” he said loudly as I closed the door behind me. I blew out a breath of frustration as I walked to the taxi. 
By the time I reached the restaurant my nerves had calmed a little. I switched off my phone before walking in, just in case my sister called to be nosey. The waiter showed me to a table and as I approached, an attractive man around my height with short dark hair and piercing blue eyes smiled at me. He actually looked happy to see me, which made me less nervous. Confidently, he held out his hand to take mine and said, “Hi Beth, I’m Jack. It’s a pleasure to meet you. You look beautiful.” Jack kissed my hand reminding me of a leading actor in an old film and I glowed at his compliment.
“Thank you,” I replied a little shyly. “It’s lovely to meet you too.”
Jack continued to look at me as we sat down and grabbed a glass of water with shaking hands, not knowing what to say. After a few seconds Jack said gently, “There’s no need to be nervous.”
His comment made me even more embarrassed. “Is it that obvious?” I replied with a sigh. 
“A bit but I’ll admit I was a little nervous about meeting you too. You know, I asked Joe to set us up.” He held up his hands in defence and smiled. “I’m not a stalker, honestly but I’d seen a few pictures of you with Seline and wanted to meet you.”
“Oh,” I answered, surprised. Seline had failed to tell me that. “Well I hope you’re not disappointed,” I said depreciatively and cringed knowing I was putting myself down.
“Not at all,” he answered and his eyes seemed to soften. He reached over and held my hand. It was a bit intimate considering we’d only just met but it seemed to ground me a little. I looked at him properly for the first time. Jack didn’t seem nervous, despite his words and he had an innate confidence I wished I had. He was more relaxed than Dominic and definitely less intense. His friendliness made me feel at ease. 
“Joe told me that you’re an artist,” Jack said.
“It still feels a bit weird to admit but yes, I am. I was made redundant last year and I thought why not try something I really wanted to do.”
“That takes a lot of courage to do something you really have a passion for. I know people who’ve run businesses, earned a lot of money and been miserable because it wasn’t what they really wanted to do.”
“I don’t think I could imagine myself doing anything else now,” I admitted.
“So how’s it been going? The first year in a new venture is never easy,” 
“I’ve sold some of my smaller paintings and I’m working on a project at the moment. It’s a bit weird but it’s sunsets of places that I want to visit.”
He laughed. “So how do you do that? From photographs or something?”
“Not always, sometimes it’s just from what I hear about the places, I imagine what they’d be like. Told you, it’s weird.” I was blushing.
“Actually, I really like that idea. I wonder if those places would meet your expectations if you actually went.”
“I’ve thought about that actually. That’s the only thing, your imagination can make things extraordinary but places or even people themselves can be disappointing. Maybe I shouldn’t visit them after all.” I smiled at Jack.
“Well I’m starting to think people can sometimes turn out to be better than you imagined. My imagination was nothing compared to meeting you Beth that’s for sure. So, maybe you won’t be disappointed.”
My face flushed again at his compliment. “That’s really nice of you to say.”
“It’s the truth. I’d love to see your paintings at some point.”
I nodded, not knowing if he really wanted to or was just being nice. “So, what about you? Seline said you’re a really successful businessman.”
He rolled his eyes. “Oh she did? Well, I guess so. It’s not quite as exciting as creating art but I enjoy it.”
“What’s your business?”
“In a nutshell, it’s a pharmaceutical company. Luckily, we’ve managed to come up with some really successful products over the years and ones that will save organisations as well as the general public a lot of money. I told you, not quite as creative as art.”
“I don’t know. I imagine making your ideas come to life, then branding them and marketing them takes a lot of creativity.”
“I like to see it that way. I started out working in a store but I became more interested in the products they sold, so I did an apprenticeship with this big company and eventually I started my own business.”
“You make it sound easy.”
“It wasn’t. It was a lot of hard work, which is why I’m still single. It didn’t leave much time for relationships.”
“I can imagine. So what’s changed?”
“I suppose I’m in a position where I can take a little step back and trust my employees to do a lot of the day to day work.”
Jack was extremely intelligent and his business acumen had my head spinning a little. I spent so much time in my own bubble that I forgot what it was like to have an intelligent conversation. He was also very humble considering his success and I found that very attractive. I still wasn’t sure why he wanted to go on a date with me. He was rich and could have his pick of women. I wasn’t really accustomed to his kind of lifestyle but I decided to put all that aside and base my judgement on what I’d seen of his personality, which was extremely warm and friendly. I also pushed aside thoughts of a certain broodingly handsome but soon-to-be-married lodger who was currently living in my home.
The date went by really quickly and at the end of the night Jack called my Uber for me. He told me it was his driver’s night off and I was glad he didn’t offer to drop me off in a taxi as I would’ve felt inclined to invite him in. He waited until my car arrived before catching a taxi. When I got up to my front door, before I even had chance to insert my key in the lock, I almost fell forward from the momentum of it being pulled open.
Dominic was looking at me with a tense expression. “So, how was your night?” he almost sneered.
With my key still raised in my hand, I raised my eyebrow at him in surprise. “It was good thank you.”
He looked beyond me, evidently to see if Jack was with me. “Where’s your date?”
“He’s gone home. Can I come in now please?” I was getting annoyed. Dominic looked relieved and stepped aside to let me past him into the house. “I didn’t think you’d be home. I thought you might be in work.”
“They didn’t need me in the end,” he answered a little sheepishly and I wondered if he was telling the truth. “Have you spoken to your sister?” he asked.
“No, my phone’s off. Is she alright?” My heart started to race a little in panic. I never switched my phone off but I felt it would be rude if I got a call in the middle of dinner.
“She’s fine. She was trying to get in touch with you. Why did you switch your phone off?” he asked suspiciously.
“I didn’t want to be interrupted.” I placed my bag and keys on the table in the hallway and walked into the kitchen.
Dominic followed close behind. “Interrupted from what exactly?” He was looking down at me with an angry expression and I felt like I was being interrogated.
Surprised at his tone, it took me a second to answer him. “I didn’t want the meal to be interrupted that’s all. Why? Has something happened with Jenny?”
He blew out a breath of frustration. “You know that sister of yours is extremely spoilt.”
“Has she called? What did she want?” I asked rushing for my bag to switch my phone back on.
“She was annoyed that you switched your phone off and wanted money for a taxi home. When she realised you weren’t here, she asked me for money and said you’d pay me back. She just assumed you would without even asking. That was after quizzing me about my job and how much I earn, so suffice to say, I didn’t give it to her.”
I cringed at the thought of her asking him for money. “I’m so sorry. I should’ve had my phone on.”
“You shouldn’t have to be sorry. Your sister should be sorry. She could’ve got the train but wanted to get a taxi. She’s pampered and selfish Beth. For some reason she thinks she’s entitled to whatever she asks for.”
I knew there was some truth in what he was saying but he didn’t realise what it was like when we lost our parents. “It’s just that she’s lost so much, with our parents…” 
Dominic didn’t let me finish. “This has nothing to do with losing your parents Beth. She’s spoilt. Nothing can ever make up for losing your parents, no matter how much money you give her. She needs to earn it herself. She might even be proud of herself for doing it.”
Shaking my head as I switched my phone on, I knew he wouldn’t understand. I needed to speak to Jenny and make sure she was okay. 
“What are you doing? Please tell me you’re not calling her,” he said in disbelief.
“I’m just going to check she’s okay. I’m sorry she asked you for money. I’ll have a word with her about that and she shouldn’t be asking you personal questions.”
Before I could call, he snatched the phone out of my hand. “No. You’re not calling her. She’ll have got home fine. She had enough money to get the train and she’s not a child.”
My temper flared at the fact that he was trying to control me. “Give me my phone back Dominic. This is between me and my sister.” I reached for my phone but with his height he easily raised it out of my reach.
“She involved me when she asked me for money. You’ve got to take a stand with her Beth or she’ll always be like this, relying on someone to bail her out.”
“Dominic, I’m all she has,” I shouted in frustration, trying and failing to reach my phone again.
“You don’t have the money to keep giving her. You can hardly afford to eat. Your cupboard is filled with packet noodles and you practically live on cheese on bloody toast.”
“It’s just quick when I’m busy painting,” I protested, though he was right. I’d been scrimping a little on food to save some money. It made me feel guilty for buying a dress to go out on my date when I knew I couldn’t really afford it. I’d offered to pay for my meal tonight but Jack had insisted on paying. In honesty, I was a little relieved as it was more expensive than I’d anticipated. Did that make me like Jenny? Dominic looked down at me with an eyebrow raised like he knew I was lying about the food. The moment was interrupted by my phone buzzing with a message. “Is that Jenny?” I asked, reaching for my phone again.
Dominic’s expression morphed into a scowl as he looked at the screen. “No, it’s your date. Jack is it?” He practically threw my phone in my hand like it was on fire.
The text read: I had a wonderful time tonight. Next time, please can I see your art?
I couldn’t help but smile at his text but Dominic made a low growl and when I looked up at him he wasn’t happy. “Are you going to reply?” he asked in a low voice.
“I’ll reply later,” I answered, feeling too guilty to text Jack in front of him for some reason.
“What are you going to say? Are you seeing him again?” Dominic placed his arm on the wall to our side so I couldn’t escape and was staring down at me seriously.
“I suppose so,” I answered, not looking him in the eye. “He’s nice,” I murmured shyly.
“Nice? Well that’s great. So, when’s he coming around?” he asked, almost sarcastically.
“I’ll wait until a weekend when you’ve gone home. We won’t intrude on you.” I didn’t want Dominic to feel uncomfortable in a home he was paying rent in.
“Oh I see. You’ll wait until I go home then bring your boyfriend around so I won’t be here to interrupt you. Is that it?” His tone was bitter and if I didn’t know how unappealing he thought I was, I would’ve mistaken it for jealousy.
“No I just meant…” I sighed, giving up on trying to explain. “Look it’s late. I’m going to bed. I really am sorry about the whole Jenny thing. I’ll talk to her.”
I ducked under his arm before he could reply and ran up the stairs. 
When I got to my room, I breathed a sigh of relief. I was exhausted from the drama and needed to go to sleep. Realising I hadn’t responded to Jack, I sent him a quick text. If you really want to, of course. 
He replied straight away. Great. It’s a date! Saturday is good for me!
Chapter 4

The sun was shining through the window of my studio as Kim Carnes sang out Bette Davis Eyes from my wireless speaker. I’d been up since early, having awoken with a desperate need to start painting. My thoughts were still a little frazzled from the night before and I needed to feel centred, which painting always did for me. I was working on a new smaller artwork depicting a sun setting over Lake Ontario. It was on my wish list to visit Canada one day and I’d seen so many pictures of the lake I felt like I’d been there. I wanted my sunset to feel really vivid and it was as though the oranges and purples were choosing me as I moved my brush over the canvas. It was a little warm, so I was wearing some cut-off jeans and an old grey Blondie t-shirt that had holes in from years of use. My retro head scarf had failed to do its job in protecting my hair from getting paint spattered. A knock on the studio door stopped me mid-stroke as my thoughts were pulled back to real life. “Hello?” I called out and turned the music down.
The door opened and Dominic walked wearing dark grey cargo shorts and very fitted white t-shirt and stylishly worn grey trainers. His hair looked wet from the shower and he was holding two cups of coffee. “I thought you might need a coffee.  I know you’ve been up since early,” he said politely. I caught his eyes roam over my scruffy attire and tried not to let it bother me. He averted his gaze from my paint speckled legs and gave me a small smile as he offered me the coffee. It felt strange having him there on a Sunday and I was also surprised that he’d been so thoughtful. Suspiciously, I took the coffee, sighing as I let the caffeine seep into me. It was delicious. He’d never made me coffee before but he’d made it just how I liked it.
“Thank you,” I said, smiling.
He stared at me for a second then shook his head, averting his gaze again. “No problem. I also wanted to apologise for last night.” He took in a deep breath then added, “I shouldn’t have taken your phone. Sorry about that. I’m not sure what got into me. I was just in a bad mood.”
“I’m sorry if Jenny made you mad. She can have that effect on people but you know she’s not that bad, she’s just young. I will have words with her though, I promise. She won’t ever ask you for anything again. I promise.”
“I’m not sure that’s what really made me mad. I was already in a bad mood before she called.”
“Oh. Has something happened at work or at home?” I asked. He was being nice so I felt I should ask, even though we weren’t really close friends.
“Work is fine. Home is, well, it is what it is.” His comment was a bit cryptic and I wondered if I should ask more. Moving his hand through his damp hair, he stared at the floor seriously in thought then he plastered on a smile and looked at me. “It’s fine. I think it’s just strange being so far away from home.”
“Are you missing your fiancée? I know you’re used to going home of a weekend. Maybe that’s why you were feeling annoyed yesterday.” I could understand how it would’ve been frustrating to be away from his fiancée over the weekend and to not even get called into work.
“Maybe,” he nodded and gave another small smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “Anyway, coffee is my equivalent of a white flag. Are we ok?”
“Yes. Completely fine.” I hated confrontation and I was relieved he was in a better mood. Dominic gave another polite nod and walked out. A few seconds later I heard the record player being switched on and Bruce Springsteen’s song I’m On Fire filled the air. That was a brooding song if I ever heard one and I imagined Dominic must have really been missing Tara. I loved that song and decided not to turn my music back on. It was one of my favourites. Maybe we did have some things in common. Who would have guessed Dominic was a Springsteen fan? He seemed too rigid, almost stuck up sometimes. 
I kept my music off as I listened to Dominic’s music choices throughout the day. It made me happy that he was enjoying my record collection. Dominic had eclectic taste and I was almost getting distracted trying to decipher which moods were triggering his song selections. From the individual songs he picked like Hurt by Johnny Cash and the Roxy Music version of Jealous Guy, he seemed to be in an emo mood and there was a definite sense of longing. Knowing that Dominic was pining for the woman he was going to marry made my stomach feel funny. I pushed the feeling down and tried to concentrate on my painting. He still had months to go until he went back home permanently, and I wondered if he would last that long or if I’d find myself looking for another lodger.
Dominic’s mood lightened during the week. He was still stoic but seemed to be getting over whatever had dragged him down over the weekend. Maybe the fact that he’d be going home the coming weekend was cheering him up. Whatever it was, I was glad. I was also relieved he wouldn’t be there at the weekend. Jenny was making a rare visit on Saturday night because she had a special dance class nearby and I knew they would clash. I’d also agreed for Jack to come around for lunch on Saturday so I could show him some of my art.
On Thursday night I was in my studio when I heard the front door open and close. Dominic was singing We are the Champions by Queen, a little out of tune, making me chuckle. He wasn’t perfect at everything after all, which was a relief. I heard a cupboard door open in the kitchen and what sounded like a pan bouncing off the floor. 
“Oh shit,” muttered Dominic and then he actually giggled which made me grin. I didn’t think he had it in him to giggle. Deciding to go and help, I popped my head around the doorway to see what the damage was and had to hold back a smile. Dominic was laughing to himself and humming away while picking up the pan and a colander off the floor. 
“Everything ok?” I asked, bemused.
“Bloody thing shot out of the cupboard,” he said with a fake scowl, then he looked at me with a dumb smile and I could tell he’d been drinking. 
“Are you drunk Dominic?” I asked. 
“I’m not drunk. I’m just merry. We all went out for a few drinks after work as we’ve had some really good news today. The ad campaign proposal I’ve been working on for this huge company was accepted. It’s a lucrative deal for our company. This was the whole reason for me staying here and it was worth it. I knew it would be. It’ll mean a huge bonus for me. It’s such a relief, you know. We have to go out and celebrate. Come on, get dressed, I’m taking you to the pub.”
“I’m in the middle of painting.”
He gave me puppy dog eyes. “You can’t make me celebrate on my own. Come on Beth. I bet you’ve been painting in there for hours.”
I rolled my eyes. “Ok fine. Let me get changed.” It took me five minutes to replace my checked shirt and leggings with a blue floral summer dress.
“God that was quick. Women usually take hours.” He eyed my headscarf and his eyes made a quick dart over my outfit but I ignored his scrutiny. I could accept he had his opinions, so long as he kept them to himself.
“Come on then, let’s have that drink,” I said to divert his attention. 
Thankfully, Dominic had left his car at work and the pub wasn’t far, so we walked. Animatedly, he talked me through his pitch for the campaign, which admittedly was brilliant. He was evidently a very clever man and really good at his job. It was nice seeing him happy, if only his green eyes and smile weren’t so distracting to me. I tried to ignore the tingling sensation when he placed his warm hand at the small of my back as we walked and I also had to once again remind myself that he had a fiancée.
The pub was in the middle of a bohemian part of my district. There was a craft shop next door that sold everything from handmade cards to hand-knitted baby clothes. On the other side was a new age store that smelled of jasmine incense, and the windchimes over the front door jingled in the warm breeze. Across the road was a small antiques shop that never seemed to have customers but had apparently been there for over 30 years, so must be doing some business. The area was a real mecca that attracted lots of different characters. As we walked into the pub, named The Greyhound after a dog racing track that used to exist nearby, Going Underground by The Jam was playing. A group of middle-aged men in football shirts were standing by the bar singing along word for word, reminiscing about the time they saw the band in concert. A man and woman dressed in gothic fashion were sitting at a small table and seemed to be having a heated conversation about politics. There were older men nursing pints of lager and bitter, who looked like they’d been drinking all day. Various groups of students were chatting away about their courses and some were playing darts. At the back of the pub were two pool tables and one was occupied by a group of men who looked like they were in a band.
Dominic raised an eyebrow at the motley crew of customers that occupied the premises and sceptically said, “Well this is a bit different.” An elderly man sitting at the bar tipped his flat cap at us in greeting and gave a wobbly drunk smile showing just a top and a bottom tooth. He gave us a thumbs up, hiccupped and sipped his pint of lager.
“Right, we’re celebrating. Let’s get some champagne,” Dominic said loudly, still slightly intoxicated. The men in football shirts stopped their banter and looked Dominic over. He was a little out of place in his expensive grey suit but he seemed completely oblivious. 
“We can’t drink champagne in here Dominic. I’ll have half a cider,” I said.
“Half a cider? Gut-rot? At least do your stomach a favour and have a proper drink. Don’t you like those girlie cocktails?”
I took in a deep breath and tried not to be offended at everything he was saying. He was naturally rude and I didn’t think anything would ever change that. “No thanks. cider is fine.”
“Suit yourself,” he murmured and ordered himself an expensive liqueur that smelled foul. “That pool table’s free. Come on, let’s have a game.” He tugged me over to the pool table next to the one where the band were in the middle of a game. His enthusiasm was vastly different to his usual straight-laced demeanour. There was chatter from the pool table next to ours and from overhearing the conversation I’d guessed right that the men were in a band. They talked animatedly about a forthcoming gig that weekend while Dominic set up his shot. Not the sort to let me win, Dominic downed the first five balls triumphantly before I finally got a go. I wished I could have said I was a secret pro at pool but I wasn’t and it was his turn again before I potted anything. 
“You’re supposed to hit your own ball not mine. That means two shots for me,” Dominic said smiling delightedly as he bent down to take his shot, while I felt like smacking him with my cue. After showing off his prowess and downing a few more balls it was my turn again. I bent to take my shot and pulled the cue back. I heard a grunt behind me and realised I’d smacked one of the band members in the backside with my cue. 
Mortified I turned around and said, “I’m so sorry. Are you alright?”
“I’m fine. Not sure about my arse,” the man joked in his Irish accent and rubbed his behind. “Good job I’m the guitarist and not the drummer. Don’t think I’ll be sitting down for a week. I’ll need compensation for that,” he joked. He was wearing a white Ramones t-shirt, black jeans, combat boots and his long dark hair was loose. His grey eyes glittered with humour as he rubbed his behind. 
“Sorry but I’m not offering to rub it,” I said and he burst out laughing. I couldn’t believe I’d said that out loud and my face flushed with embarrassment. 
“Well that’s a pity,” the man replied and smiled at me cheekily.
Before I could answer, Dominic wedged himself between us. Ignoring the man and putting his back to him, he said to me, “Are you going to take your shot or what?” He could be so rude sometimes.
The man laughed, shook his head and bent to take his own shot. I waited for him to finish before I took mine and I actually landed it. 
“Yes!” I shouted, feeling delighted at downing the ball, even if it was by accident. I looked over at Dominic who was scowling at me. His eyes drifted over to the table beside us and his frown deepened. 
As I moved round the table to take my next shot, Dominic said, “Ramones? Could he be more of a cliché? Those t-shirts have been so mass-produced. I bet he doesn’t even like them.”
My jaw dropped and I replied, “You don’t even know him.”
“Neither do you. Why are you defending him?” He looked at me accusingly.
I huffed in frustration. “I’m not. I just don’t see why you’re so rude about people’s clothes.” Dominic looked at me like I was speaking nonsense. He really didn’t realise how snobbish he was towards people. In fact, I wasn’t even sure how we could ever be considered friends given we were so different. Annoyed with Dominic, I rushed the shot and missed, so it was his turn at the table.
As I stood to the side watching Dominic slay his pool balls, the man I’d struck in the backside approached. “I’m Adam by the way. I didn’t get a chance to introduce myself,” he added and glanced over at Dominic.
“Nice to meet you. I’m Beth. Sorry again for smacking you with the cue.”
“I’ll live. Though I don’t think your boyfriend likes me,” he joked.
“He’s not my boyfriend,” I replied, embarrassed. “We’re housemates.”
“Just housemates?” he asked, like he didn’t believe me.
“Yes, just housemates. Believe me I’m not his type,” I answered and then regretted my self-depreciating tone.
“I can’t think why,” Adam answered, making me flush a little more. “So, no boyfriend then?”
“No, not at the moment.” I fiddled with my pool cue feeling a little self-conscious as he gazed at me.
 “I love your headscarf. Makes you look like one of those pin-up girls from the 50s,” he said, reaching up to touch the fabric.
“What the hell are you doing?” boomed Dominic’s voice from beside me, giving me a fright. “Get your hands off her.”
“You’re not her boyfriend,” said Adam in a challenging tone. 
“Doesn’t matter. Get your hands off her. Go and find another idiot to try your lines on.” Dominic turned and directed his accusing glare at me. “Come on, we’re going.” He pulled on my arm, picked up my handbag off the table and led me towards the door before I could rationalize what was happening.
Just before the door of the pub slammed behind us, I heard Adam shout to me, “We’ll be back in tomorrow around the same time.” 
“The absolute nerve,” shouted Dominic. “He could see you were out with someone else and what’s all that crap about liking your headscarf. Don’t tell me you were falling for it.” He was still pulling me and walking a little too fast for me to keep up.
“Dominic, stop a sec, I can’t breathe. We’re walking too fast.” I shouted. We ground to a halt and my hands were on my hips as I glared at him. “That was so embarrassing. I can’t believe you pulled me out of there like that.”
“Oh come on Beth. He was trying it on. It was cringy listening to it.”
 “You still had no right to do that. It’s my business who I speak to.”
“You didn’t actually like that guy did you?” he asked incredulously. His eyes were still a little glassy from where he had been drinking.
“That’s none of your business,” I answered. 
“You actually did? You fell for all that rubbish he was spouting about you looking like a pin-up?” He started laughing and I felt hurt. Just because he didn’t see anything attractive about me, didn’t mean all other men found me repulsive.
“He obviously has different taste to you Dominic. Not everyone’s the same,” I answered.
Looking bewildered at my comment and then as if a thought struck him, Dominic said, “I never said you weren’t attractive. It’s true, you do look a bit like one of those pin-up girls, especially with your curves and that dress but my point is he was feeding you a line. I’m just protecting you. You don’t have that much experience with men, so you don’t know when you’re being fed a load of crap.”
It was true, I didn’t have that much experience but it hadn’t felt like Adam was trying to manipulate me, he was just being a bit flirty. Unfortunately for me as nice as Adam was, I wondered why I didn’t find him as attractive as the pigheaded person standing in front of me, who also still had a fiancée I continued to remind myself. Also, Jack was coming to mine at the weekend and even though we weren’t an item, I wouldn’t have started something with another man.
“You’re not thinking of going back there to see that Ramones guy tomorrow, are you?” he asked, though I wasn’t sure why he cared so much.
“No. I’m not.” I wanted this conversation over and to just go home.
“Good,” he answered resolutely.
The walk back was quiet but tense and when we reached our front door, I said, “Congratulations again on getting the contract for the campaign. I guess it’s great news, what with your wedding plans and everything?” I tried to sound positive as I put the key in the front door, but it was a little strained.
Dominic’s smile faltered. “Yeah. It’ll definitely help.” We were standing in the hallway and my breath caught as he reached out to fix a strand of hair that had come loose from my headscarf, gently tucking hit behind my ear. The moment somehow felt intimate. Dominic looked down at me like he wanted to say more but instead he closed his eyes with a torn expression and pulled his hand away before turning towards the stairs. It could have been my imagination but it seemed like it was an effort for him to walk away but. However, Dominic was right, I was a bit inexperienced which meant I could be reading into things too much. Giving me a quick, almost regretful smile, he said, “Goodnight Beth. Thanks for celebrating with me.” I nodded at him but couldn’t find the words to reply. His attentive and possessive behavior towards me left me feeling a little confused but maybe I was overthinking things and he was just overly friendly when he’d had a drink.
The next morning I was up early, making breakfast in the kitchen when Dominic walked in, dressed for work. 
“Would you like some breakfast? I asked, smiling at him.
“No thank you,” Dominic said very politely. “I’m running a little late for work.” Dominic made his coffee in a travel mug and said a quick goodbye, hardly glancing in my direction. A pang of disappointment hit me that he was acting formal with me again. Maybe the affectionate and almost possessive way he’d acted towards me the night before was because he’d been drunk. I knew I needed to stop reading too deeply into things and to stop thinking of him as anything other than my lodger. The night before he was evidently just on a high from celebrating and drinking. That was all it was. Nothing more. 
Throwing myself into my painting, I tried to forget about the confusing man I was living with but was interrupted by a text message from Jenny. Hey sis, don’t forget I’m coming to stay on Saturday.
I replied, I haven’t forgot. What time are you coming?
Not sure yet. About 6pm I think. Why? Are you going out?
Jack is coming around in the daytime to see some of my artwork that’s all.
Oh really? Yeah sure he’s just coming to see your paintings! I could practically hear her scoffing at the idea.
I got a little defensive. He really is. He’s interested in art. 
Whatever. See you Saturday. 
Feeling riled after my text conversation with Jenny, I decided to add some deep orange to the sunset of Canada I was still working on. Maybe I should have been painting thunderstorms to match my mood. After a while I started to calm and feel balanced. The world felt right when I was in my studio painting. My flow was interrupted once again by the house phone ringing. I knew it couldn’t be Jenny as she’d just called and I wasn’t in the mood to speak to a cold caller about an insurance claim. “Hello?” I answered in frustration.
“Hello, is Dom there?” It was a very well-spoken woman and from her clipped tone, I could sense she was annoyed.
“He’s not in right now. He’s at work. Can I pass a message on?” I wondered why the woman didn’t have his mobile number.
“You could tell him to start switching his bloody phone on.” I guessed that answered my question.
I was taken aback at her tone. “Who is this?” I asked.
“It’s Tara. You know, his fiancée.” She emphasised the last word. 
I was surprised to actually be speaking to her. “Oh right. When he gets in, I’ll tell him you called.”
“Thanks, that’s really helpful of you,” she said sarcastically. “You must be the landlord then?” Her tone was full of disdain and I wondered what Dominic had told her.
“Yes. I’ve heard a lot about you. It’s nice to finally meet you, I mean speak to you.” I was rambling, struggling for something to say.
“Look I’m not calling so we can be friends. I’m not even sure why Dom is still living there. I know he feels sorry for you being on your own and having no money but it’s beyond a joke. It’s not like we couldn’t afford our wedding if he found his own apartment. You must have been spinning him a real sob story.” 
I was stunned at her words and hated that I could feel my breathing quicken. It was so frustrating that I couldn’t control my breathing when I got upset. “I, I don’t know what you mean.” I wanted to kick myself for stuttering.
“Wow, you’re either clueless or really clever. Maybe you just haven’t got a clue.”
The conversation was getting confusing. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“I’ve told him I’m not happy about him living there. It was convenient at first but he could’ve just as easily found an apartment by now. How do you think I feel about him living with some weirdo cat lady?”
“Hey, I don’t have a cat.” I actually wanted a cat but couldn’t afford one. Even so, I was offended at her assumptions about me.
“You know he thinks you’re a joke. We were laughing about your hideous fashion sense but at least it gives him some entertainment.” Tara’s words reminded me of the conversation I’d overheard. She added, “You’re not in his league. So please keep your hands off. We’re getting married next year and some scruffy artist in need of a wash is not going to come between us.”
“Just because I’m covered in paint, doesn’t mean I don’t wash…” I was cut off before I finished the sentence as she put the phone down. I wasn’t sure why I felt the need to defend myself to her. Staring down at the phone in disbelief, I couldn’t believe the conversation I had just had.
With shaking hands, I sent a text to Dominic. Tara just called. I think you need to call her.
In less than a minute, Dominic replied. What did she say? Is everything ok?
She said to tell you to switch your phone on.
Dominic had his phone on so I wasn’t sure why Tara hadn’t been able to get through. He didn’t reply, so I guessed he called Tara back. 
Once again, my mind was spinning. Tara’s words had torn into me. I was sick of people making me feel ashamed of being an artist and embarrassed about my clothes. Was I expected to wear designer clothes to paint in? Also, I hadn’t forced Dominic to be my lodger and I didn’t think I’d told him any sob stories. I really hated the thought that he was living in my house because he felt sorry for me. He must have made me out to be a really pathetic character to his fiancée. There was no way I was going to get any painting done in the mood I was in and I needed to talk to someone, so I arranged to meet Seline for a drink. 
“She said what?” screeched Seline from across the table in the coffee shop half an hour later. I had just filled her in on my conversation with Tara. “I hope you told her where to go.”
“She caught me by surprise and she put the phone down before I could say anything,” I answered a little defensively. There was a lot I wanted to say to Tara, I just wasn’t as vocal as Seline.
“I just don’t know what to do. Do I tell Dominic what she said? Do you think he’s living with me because he feels sorry for me?” 
“No. That doesn’t make sense. Who would do that? It sounds to me like she’s jealous,” Seline answered.
“Why? Because he’s living with a woman?” I asked. “We’ve only just started to get along. He can barely tolerate me.” 
“She’s jealous because he’s living with a beautiful woman. I suppose I can kind of understand it. She needs to have it out with him though, not you. Maybe, she senses that he likes you. I mean he did drag you out last night to celebrate. He wouldn’t do that if he couldn’t stand you.” It was really confusing and I didn’t know what to think. Dominic had so many aspects to his personality that I wasn’t sure which one was the real version. “Joe’s out of town tonight. Why don’t we get something a little stronger than coffee and have a girl’s night in mine? You haven’t stayed over in ages and I could do with the company.” I didn’t usually drink during the week and certainly not two nights on the run but she fluttered her eyelashes giving me pleading eyes.
“Okay, fine. I’ll come around,” I replied.
“Don’t sound so excited,” Seline said sarcastically. 
“I just feel guilty. I should be painting. If I don’t get them finished, I’ve got no chance of earning anything.”
“It’ll do you good to get out of the studio once in a while. Anyway, I want to hear all about this guitarist who was flirting with you yesterday, and your date with Jack this Saturday.”
“It’s not a date. He’s coming to see my art. How many times do I have to tell people?”
“Sure it’s not. I still want to hear all about it but first we need wine.”
A couple of hours later, we were giggling about one of our ex-colleagues who had set up her own business making naughty greeting cards, when I heard my phone beep with a message. To my surprise it was from Dominic. I noticed I had two earlier messages from him that I hadn’t seen. The first read, What did Tara say to you? 
It was followed by a second message, Where are you? 
The latest text read, Why aren’t you answering me? Are you out with that Ramones guy?
It was so annoying that he assumed he could ask me questions when I had been in the firing line with his fiancée today. I didn’t want him to worry, so I sent him a text back. I’m in Seline’s. I’ll be staying here tonight.
His reply was quick, Sure you are! Have fun! 
I laughed in disbelief. His sarcasm was clear even though I couldn’t hear him say it. He didn’t believe I was with Seline and really thought I was out with Adam from the previous night. 
“What’s up?” asked Seline.
“Dominic. He thinks I’m out with that man from the pub. He doesn’t believe I’m staying in yours.”
“Good. Let him think what he wants. He has a fiancée, so it has nothing to do with him. He needs to know he has plenty of competition.” I shook my head at her words. She was my friend and it was nice that she was trying to boost my ego but she exaggerated my qualities sometimes. “I mean it Beth. Don’t be a bloody doormat. You’re worth more than that. It’s true, you could have anyone you want.”
I rolled my eyes but knew to be quiet and just agree with her when she went on a rant, especially after she’d had a few glasses of wine. Seline had a point though, I wouldn’t let anyone walk all over me. At least Dominic was going home for the weekend so I wouldn’t see him until Monday. It would give me some space to think.
My tongue felt like leather when I woke up the next day on Seline’s couch. My head was pounding and I needed my own bed. We had talked all night and somehow she had woken early and was still fresh-faced. It wasn’t fair.
“You look rough. Want some coffee?” asked Seline.
“Yes please. How are you even going into work today? I feel like I’m going to die. You’re the boss’s wife, you don’t have to go in,” I moaned into the pillow.
“I have to check some of the accounts and besides it’ll take more than a few bottles of wine to take me down. You’re such a lightweight.” She tugged the pillow from under my head and threw it at me. “You can leave your car here. You’re too wrecked to drive. I’ll drive you home.” Just the thought of driving made me want to vomit. I promised myself this was the last girls’ night in I ever agreed to. After quickly washing and getting dressed, I searched for my phone and found a message from Dominic. I see you didn’t come home last night. I guess you did have fun after all. Throwing my phone on the couch in frustration, I wanted to scream at his judgemental attitude. Seline was right, he had no reason to judge me or have a say over what I did with my life. I decided to ignore his text as it didn’t warrant a response. Plus, it was giving me a headache just looking at my phone. What I really needed was more sleep and then to sort out my paintings ready for Jack’s visit the next day. 
Chapter 5

“This is a great neighbourhood. I used to live around the corner from here. There was always something happening,” said Jack fondly, as I invited him into the house.
“That’s true. The old man next door but one was playing a ukulele on the doorstep last night. Don’t get me wrong, it was nice but he only knew one song,” I joked.
Jack laughed. “It’s still as random as ever then. Oh, this is for you.” He passed me a small wooden case and when I opened it, inside was a set of expensive oil paints. My face flushed. I had never been given such a beautiful gift. It was really thoughtful and too much, seeing as we didn’t really know one another yet.
Looking at my expression Jack said, “I hope it’s not too forward. I know I don’t know you that well yet but I thought you’d prefer paints to flowers. Sorry if I got it wrong.” He seemed a little unsure, which was a strange look for someone as confident as Jack.
“They’re beautiful. I’m just surprised that’s all. You really didn’t have to bring me anything. Thank you.” I guided him into my studio where I’d managed to sort out my paintings into some sort of order. The earlier paintings were on one side and the collection of sunsets were on the other. 
“Wow, these are spectacular,” he said as he walked over to a sunset of Venice. I really can’t believe you’ve never been to any of these places. You’re really talented Beth.” I remained quiet while he spent time looking through some of the other paintings. He actually seemed genuinely interested in the art. 
“I have a confession to make,” he said. Oh no here it was. The truth as to why he was really here. “I got the idea while we were out for dinner the other night. I’d like to have two murals painted in the large plaza area at my office building and I want to commission a real artist to do it. I really wanted to see you today but I was also looking forward to seeing your work too,” he added, looking a little sheepish. “This is the type of thing I’m looking for but it would be done from scratch direct on to the wall. I love these sunsets, or even another landscape theme. This would be perfect for the area I had in mind. Would you consider doing it?”
While it was an exciting prospect, completing a huge commissioned mural was a bit different than being able to create what I wanted in my studio. “It’s an amazing opportunity. I’m just not sure I’m up to a task that big.” Although I needed the money, I had to be truthful with Jack. 
Jack looked at me kindly and said, “I think you need to give yourself more credit Beth. I have no doubt you can do it. Why don’t you come down and see the space then let me know what you think?”
It wasn’t what I was expecting from our afternoon lunch but I had to admit it was a great opportunity to get some paid work and to showcase what I could do. I thought for a moment and said, “Okay, yeah. I’ll come and at least have a look at your office.”
“That’s wonderful. Now the business side of things is sorted, how about we have lunch.” I wasn’t the best cook so it was a simple sandwich, salad and some iced tea but Jack seemed happy enough with the meal. There was no point in pretending I was a gourmet cook. We talked a lot and he was a good conversationalist who knew a lot about a range of different subjects. He liked art, books, films as well as music and he’d travelled a great deal, so he had a wealth of knowledge about other cultures. It was fascinating to listen to him. Jack also seemed genuinely interested in me. He asked a lot of questions about my life and my opinions on things, which I found hugely flattering. In fact, I was so engrossed in our conversation that I didn’t hear the front door open. 
“Hi sis! Oh, this must be Jack. Nice to meet you,” said Jenny, who appeared at the kitchen door and steamrolled into the conversation. Jack shook her hand politely and smiled. 
“I thought you were arriving later,” I said suspiciously. 
Ignoring me, she sat down and started interrogating Jack. “Beth says you run a business in town. Was that your Mercedes outside? Nice!” She gave Jack her dazzling smile and I wanted to smack her for being so rude with all her questions. 
Jack coughed back a laugh and said, “Yes, I run a business and yes that’s my car. I like it. It gets me around. I hear you’re studying to be a dancer?” 
“That’s right. I want to travel the world and put this miserable town behind me.” Her words hurt a little. I hope she didn’t see me as someone she wanted to escape from.
“You know, sometimes it takes a lot of travelling to realise that where you come from is actually really beautiful. It’s part of who you are,” Jack said.
“What, this place?” Jenny scoffed. “Yeah right. Nothing about this place is part of me.”
“Well your sister’s here,” Jack offered kindly. 
“Mmmm,” Jenny commented dismissively, which hurt again. “By the way sis, I’ll be home late tonight. I’m going out after practice.”
“Fine, I won’t set the alarm.” I said and picked up the dishes from the table then placed them in the sink. I could hear Jenny asking more questions about Jack’s business and how profitable it was. If she wasn’t my sister, I would say she was turning into a bit of a gold digger. Before Jenny could literally ask him how much he had in his bank account, I interrupted. “Jack, I think I’d better get back to the studio. I need to try and get some painting done today.” It was a little blunt but I was saving him from being grilled by my sister, so I didn’t feel too guilty.
Jack looked a little susprised but stood up and politely said, “Yes, of course. Let me know when you can come to my office this week and you can have a look at the spaces where I wanted the murals.”
“Yes, that sounds great. I’ll send you a text to see what day is best.” Jenny was staring at us with a calculating expression. 
“Nice to meet you Jenny,” Jack said with a smile and I walked him out. 
“Lovely to meet you Jack,” Jenny almost sang through the kitchen doorway. 
“Sorry about my sister. She’s a bit full-on,” I said when we were by the front door.
“No need. She’s young and ambitious. I’ve seen it a lot in my line of work,” he said with a smile, letting me know she hadn’t phased him.
“Okay, well I’ll see you later this week then,” I said. 
“Yes, you will,” he answered and his gentle eyes lingered fondly on my face for a second before he turned and left.
Back in the kitchen I confronted my sister. “Really Jenny? You practically asked him how much he earns.”
“It’s probably all in the public domain anyway. I’m just seeing what my sister’s getting herself into,” she answered sweetly.
“You’re obsessed with money,” I answered annoyed.
“You have to look out for opportunities in life Beth otherwise you’ll end up stuck here,” she replied, as if this was the worst place imaginable.
“This is our home Jenny. What’s so bad about it?” I asked. I’d spent years trying to keep a home for us both and I felt like she was throwing it back in my face.
“It’s just not fair Beth. I’m meeting people now who were given so much more in life. I want that. I don’t deserve to be stuck somewhere like this. I have talent. I shine too bright for this place,” she answered seriously, totally oblivious to how selfish and arrogant she sounded.
“Wow, have you heard yourself? You shine too bright for this place? You have seriously developed some ego.” I was trying to control my anger.
“You wouldn’t understand. You’re content to be stuck in that studio, day in day out. I mean, you had to rent your room out for extra money. That’s hardly a successful lifestyle is it?”
“I did that so I could keep up with your tuition fees and all the other costs for your dance outfits and whatever else it is that you keep spending money on,” I replied. 
Jenny looked at me annoyed and shook her head. “It’s just not fair. The other people on my course have parents who pay for private dance tuition. They have their own dance studios in their homes. What do I have? Nothing.”
I felt ashamed that she felt that way. “I’m sorry you don’t have what they do. You’re right, it’s not fair but life isn’t fair Jenny. I’m sorry our parents died when you were so young but there’s nothing we can do. We just have to make the best of it.”
We’d had conversations like this throughout her teenage years, like when her friends were bought cars for their eighteenth birthdays which I definitely couldn’t afford for Jenny.
“Whatever sis. I’ve heard it all before. I need to get a shower before practice.” With that she stomped out and the conversation was over. 
As I painted all afternoon, I thought about what Jenny had said and about how much more the other students on her course had compared to her. Though she could be selfish, I felt bad for her trying to compete in that world. Maybe the commissioning job with Jack would be just what I needed to boost my finances and get my art out there to a wider audience. Before I had chance to back out, I sent him a text to arrange a meeting during the week. 
Jenny was still in bed mid-morning the next day. I hadn’t heard her come in the night before so she must have gotten home really late. As I was making coffee in the kitchen, I heard the front door. Maybe she hadn’t actually come in at all the night before. I walked into the hall and was startled to see Dominic. 
“You’re back early,” I said, surprised. 
He looked at me and frowned. “That’s okay isn’t it? I do live here,” he responded in a chilly tone. Great, we were off to another good start. Maybe he was still in a mood with me following the texts when I stayed out the other night.
“How was your weekend?” I asked breezily, trying to lighten the mood. 
Dominic narrowed his eyes. “Great. How was yours?” He looked at me suspiciously.
The bathroom door closed upstairs and Dominic shot an angry look at the ceiling. “Is someone here?” he asked, suspiciously. “Is it that bloody Ramones guy? Please tell me you’re not seeing him.”
“No, don’t be silly. I haven’t seen him since the pub. It’s just Jenny. She stayed last night after her practice.”
For some reason he looked relieved and then he scowled at me. “So, she swans into town when she needs somewhere to stay? Did she even spend any time with you last night?”
“She had a night out planned. I was busy painting anyway,” I answered defensively.
“Sure,” he answered, unconvinced. He went upstairs to drop his bags in his room and I went back into the kitchen. I was a little nervous as I knew Dominic and Jenny had gotten off on the wrong foot. This was the first time they’d meet face-to-face and I didn’t want any drama. I was in the kitchen, making breakfast when Jenny came down, dressed in a Little Miss Princess pyjama top and shorts. They were so apt that I couldn’t help but smile.
“I’ll have bacon on toast if you’re making it sis,” she said. 
I rolled my eyes and placed some bacon on the grill for her while she sat down at the table. Dominic’s footsteps descended the stairs and Jenny looked at me confused.
“Dominic got home early,” I said quietly. 
Jenny smirked and I wondered what she was up to. “Morning Dominic,” she said brightly, almost mockingly.
“Morning Jenny. Nice to see you here for a change.” Jenny’s smile dropped but she regained her composure quickly. There was tension in the air and I felt squashed in the middle of it.
“Thought I’d drop in on my big sis seeing as she’s usually all alone here of a weekend. Except she wasn’t all alone yesterday were you sis?” Jenny said with an over-exaggerated smile and shot a glance at Dominic. I didn’t want to have this discussion and I knew she was using me to annoy Dominic.
“What are you talking about?” Dominic asked.
“Oh nothing, just that Beth had a nice lunch here with Jack yesterday. Charming man. You should see his car too,” added Jenny. 
There was silence. “So, are you seeing Jack now?” Dominic asked in a low voice. “Here was me thinking it was Mr Ramones. I can’t keep up.”
His attitude riled me but I tried to keep calm. “He came to see my artwork.” Not that I owed Dominic an explanation, after all he had been home with his fiancée all weekend.
“Sure he did,” Dominic laughed sardonically.
His reaction annoyed me. “No really, he did. He wants to commission me to do some murals for his offices.”
“He offered you a job?” Dominic asked incredulously. “Isn’t that some sort of conflict of interest?” Jenny looked between us, entertained at having stirred some drama.
I shook my head but he had a point. We had only been on two dates, if lunch even counted as a date. What if we didn’t get on? How would that affect my work, if I started painting for him? “I’m going to see his offices this week. It might turn into nothing. I haven’t decided yet.”
“What do you mean you haven’t decided?” asked Jenny. “We need the money. It’s not like your paintings are selling.”
“What do you mean we need the money?” asked Dominic, directing his question at Jenny. “It’s got nothing to do with you. You should be earning your own money, not scrounging off your sister.”
“I’m not scrounging. I’m studying,” screeched Jenny, biting into the bacon on toast I’d just handed her.
 “Look stop, please. I’m not sure what I’m doing yet,” I said, interrupting their argument.
Jenny pouted and pulled a face at Dominic. “How’s your fiancée by the way?”
Dominic took a deep breath. “She’s fine, thank you.” He looked at me guiltily. I wondered if Tara had told him what she’d said to me over the phone and he was feeling bad about it.
“Great. So when’s the wedding? Is Beth invited?” Jenny asked too sweetly. I wanted to throw something at her to stop her talking.
“We’re not getting married until next year. It’s long way off,” he replied tensely, not answering her questions.
“True,” said Jenny. “I mean, Beth could be married to Jack by then.”
“What?” asked Dominic and looked shell-shocked. “Is it that serious between you two already?”
“Ignore her. She’s winding you up,” I replied.
Giggling, Jenny got up and said, “Well, I’ve got to get dressed. Got a train to catch. Nice to see you in person Dominic.” She looked gleeful at having caused a rift. I was definitely going to be having words with her. Jenny needed to realise Dominic was my guest here and she couldn’t just bait him for her own entertainment.
When Jenny had gone upstairs, Dominic said, “You didn’t answer my question. Is it serious between you and Jack?”
“No. I’ve only met him twice,” my voice almost squealing at the absurdity of him thinking Jack and I were in a relationship.
“He offered you a job though,” Dominic stated.
“He’s always looking at business opportunities. That had nothing to do with us.”
“So there is an ‘us’ with you two then?”
“That’s not what I meant.” I sighed and sat down to eat my breakfast.
Dominic looked contrite as he said, “Tara told me about the conversation you both had.”
My face flushed with embarrassment at what Tara had said to me and I was also worried he might move out. Yes, I didn’t want him to go because I really needed the extra money but also I had to admit I liked having him around, when he was in a good mood. “She doesn’t like you living here,” I stated.
Dominic’s eyes roamed my face and he stared down at his hands as though struggling with what to say, then he glanced up at me. “No. She doesn’t like the idea of me living with another woman. I get it, I do but I’ve explained to her it’s only until this job is finished. I don’t want to have to move again. I just don’t have the time to start looking for somewhere new. Now I’ve secured this deal, I’m going to be really busy.” He gave his list of reasons like they were a little too well-practised. 
I nodded, a little relieved that he wasn’t moving out. “I’m not sure why she’s worried. I know you’ve both been laughing at my hideous dress sense and she thinks I’m a weirdo cat lady, so she has nothing to fear from you living here.” I gave a small depreciating laugh and tried to make light of what she’d said but the truth was, it still hurt that they had been mocking me behind my back. 
Dominic’s face fell. “She told you that? Look, I don’t really think that, believe me I don’t.”
“I heard you myself when you were on the phone, after you first moved in. It doesn’t matter honestly,” I lied a little. “I know you hate my dress sense. It’s fine. I’m over it. Really,” I said sadly.
“I didn’t know you then Beth. I’d never been around somebody like you and I didn’t want Tara to worry that I found you attractive, so I went along with it. I’m a coward and I’m sorry. Honestly, I don’t think any of those things about you. In fact, I think quite the opposite.” He closed his eyes in regret then stood up abruptly, like he’d said too much. My mouth was open in surprise, trying to understand what he meant. Did he mean he found me attractive or just that I didn’t look hideous?
Looking down at me he said, “Can we just put this behind us? I’ve told Tara why I can’t leave and I promise she won’t call here anymore.”
“Yes, of course.” I wanted nothing more than to put the drama behind us and move on. He had his marketing campaign to think of and I possibly had some work lined up with Jack, so we would both be busy over the next few weeks and probably wouldn’t see that much of each other anyway.
Chapter 6 

After our talk on Sunday, Dominic and I hardly saw one another, just as I predicted. He worked late every night and was out before I got up in the morning. It got a little lonely at home by myself all the time but at least I was in a routine and had plenty of time for painting without being disturbed. When had I become so dependent on Dominic for company? The thought was a little perturbing. On Thursday I stood outside Jack’s offices looking up at the huge state-of-the-art building. Craning my neck up at the endless glass windows, I was tempted to turn back around. Who was I kidding to think I could produce artwork for a place like this? I quickly reminded myself how good an opportunity this was and that I had little choice but to go for it if I ever wanted to earn any money. I could at least look at the space and if I felt the task was impossible, I could always turn down the offer.
The reception area had white marble floors and furnishings. It was pristine, just like the woman behind the desk, who could easily have been a model. She beamed her bright white smile at me, put a call up to the office I needed and gave me directions to get there. I clung nervously to my satchel as I got into the lift. In my mind I told myself I was just looking at the space and there was no pressure to do the work if I felt it was too much. There was no running back as the lift pinged and the doors opened at the floor I needed. Walking out on to a large open landing, I was struck by the amount of natural light that filled the large open atrium. The walls were bare and there were comfortable chairs dotted around a few coffee tables in the waiting area. On one side were gleaming glass windows which looked into the modern office. Just as I glanced at the door that led into that area, Jack walked through it. When he spotted me, he gave me a huge friendly smile which alleviated my nerves a little.
“Beth. I am so glad you could make it. What do you think?” he asked, gesturing with his arms around the airy space.
“It’s wonderful. Lots of light. Is this where you wanted the mural?” I asked hopefully. It was a nice area but it definitely needed some colour to bring it to life.
“Yes. I was thinking those two walls.” He gestured towards two giant wall spaces on the opposite side to the offices he had come from. “I just think it needs some colour.” I smiled at the fact that his thoughts had mimicked my own.
“I agree,” I answered, looking up at the walls. They were huge but I could feel a tingle of excitement as I imagined a large landscape scene across the blank canvas, breathing life into the area.
Jack gave me a minute to let my imagination run. I had a feeling he knew my answer before I even knew it. “The light is beautiful in here,” I admitted. He nodded and smiled, still not forcing my hand either way, letting me decide. I gathered that patience was what made him such a good businessman. 
After a few minutes I’d already painted the wall in my head. Jack said, “So, what are your thoughts? Will you do it?”
With a tentative smile, knowing it would take a lot of hard work, I replied, “Yes, I’ll do it.”
Jack smiled back. “Great. That’s really good to hear. I’ll get the contracts drawn up and we’ll sort out payment arrangements today as well as costs for supplies. Do you want to start tomorrow or is that too soon?”
“Tomorrow is perfect,” I replied, feeling nervous but excited to get started.
“Wonderful. Let’s have an early lunch to celebrate and we can go over the details.” I nodded and looked up once again at the blank walls, hoping I didn’t make a mess of his posh building.
After a run to my supplier for some base colours the next morning, I arrived at Jack’s offices early. He showed me where I could store my things while I was working and once I laid my ground sheet, then cordoned off the area, I made a start. Office staff passed quite often to get a look at what I was doing. What I had planned for the two huge walls would take a couple of months to finish so there was not a lot for people to look at right now. It may seem like a long time but as I explained to Jack at lunch the day before, Michelangelo spent four years painting the Sistine Chapel. Not that I was comparing myself to the artist, I was just making a point. Luckily technology had moved on since then and with the use of artificial light, I could work outside office hours if needed. However, I planned on sticking to a work-day routine as much as possible so I could still do my own painting at home of a night. I still hadn’t seen Dominic to tell him the good news about my job, as he’d come home late the night before presumably because his campaign was taking up a lot of his time.
As though I conjured the man himself, I heard Dominic’s voice booming through the office doors from behind me. Confused, I almost fell off the step ladder as I looked back to see if it was really him. It was annoying that my natural instincts made me fix my denim overalls, checked shirt and headscarf, though I knew there was no point in trying to attempt to look tidy. Perplexed at seeing him walk out of the office doors into the atrium chatting to Jack, I stared open mouthed. They both stopped when they saw me. Jack imediately smiled and walked towards me while Dominic stopped in his tracks and stared back at me, looking just as shocked as I was feeling. He looked up at the wall I was working on and back down at me trying to piece together what was happening. He followed Jack and walked towards me with a question in his eyes.
“Dominic, I’d like you to meet Beth. She’s the talented artist working on the new mural I was telling you about.” Jack held his hands out in introduction and Dominic continued to stare at Beth. He looked back at Jack, then at Beth again and a look of dawning overcame his features as though he just realised this was the man she had been on a date with. Dominic didn’t appear happy about the revelation and his body tensed. Jack glanced between them confused. As though he suddenly remembered his manners, Dominic attempted to cover his grimace with a false smile. Beth was still wandering what the hell Dominic was doing there and how he knew Jack.
“We’ve already met. Dominic and I live together.” Beth explained and it was Jack’s turn to look confused.
Dominic’s eyes widened in slight panic and defensively he quickly said, “What she means is we’re housemates. She’s my landlord.” 
Beth felt deflated at the reminder that she was his landlord and nothing more in his eyes. Not even a friend. He was so quick to tell Jack that they weren’t close. It was Beth’s turn to put on a fake smile. “Yes, that’s right. Just my tenant.” Dominic’s smile slipped a little and his eyes bored into hers.
“Oh right. Of course. I remember you telling me you had a tenant,” Jack said. If he sensed the animosity between Beth and Dominic in that moment, he didn’t say anything. “What a small world.”
Now I was the only one out of loop. “So, what are you doing here Dominic?”
“I’m heading a marketing campaign for Jack’s company,” he answered casually, as though the campaign hadn’t meant everything to him. He eyed me in warning as though telling me not to reveal how excited he was about the campaign and what it meant to him to get that contract.
“Oh, that’s great,” I answered falsely, pretending I didn’t know about the campaign. Feeling a little uncomfortable, I turned towards my paints and said, “Well, I’d best get back to work.”
“Yes, of course. Sorry for interrupting,” Jack said. Dominic nodded at her, attempting to look civil in front of Jack, which made Beth want to scowl and both men got into the lift. Beth took a deep breath and wondered if this situation was going to cause problems. Dominic had acted protective, maybe even possessive when she’d gone out on her date with Jack but now it seemed like he didn’t want his client to think there was anything between them, as if it might impact on him. It was a bit gutless of Dominic if that was what he was worried about and she was beginning to see him in a new light. 
When Beth arrived home that night, Dominic was sitting in the living room with a drink in his hand. He was still wearing his work suit but his tie was pulled loose. He didn’t smile as she walked into the living room, in fact his face was tense. “I can’t lose this client,” he stated to Beth in a dull tone.
“You mean Jack? Why would you lose him?” Beth asked, confused.
Dominic didn’t answer and shook his head. “Why didn’t you tell me the man you had been dating was Jack Deveraux?” He looked at her accusingly.
“I didn’t know his surname when you first asked me.” Beth couldn’t understand what he was accusing her of.
“Of all the people you could’ve dated, it had to be him. My biggest client, the campaign I’ve worked months for and the whole point of me being stuck here,” he almost spat out the last bit. It hurt that he felt he was trapped there and I’d had enough of feeling like I wasn’t worth being around.
“It was your choice to be here. Nobody is keeping you here,” I replied, even though I knew I needed the rent money he was paying. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll be gone once this campaign’s over and you can get back to your cosy life with Jack. It’s nice that you managed to get a job out of it. That was fast work.” Dominic almost winced as he said it bit then covered it with an arrogant smile.
His comment made my blood boil and I wanted to slap the drink out of his hand. “Are you trying to imply I went out with Jack for a job or for his money?” I asked in a low seething voice. Dominic wouldn’t look at me but shrugged. “You have to realise how ridiculous that sounds Dominic. Jack came to me with the idea, not the other way around.”
“Look, I don’t care. You can go out with whoever you want.” His stare was cold but if his words were the truth, he wouldn’t be making such a big deal out of it. “Just don’t ruin this job for me. I don’t want to be part of the fallout if your relationship goes wrong. As far as Jack’s concerned, I’m your lodger. I don’t want to be caught in the middle of the two of you.”
“Don’t worry, you won’t be caught in the middle of anything,” I replied coldly.
“So, you are still seeing him then?” he asked bitterly looking up at me from his seat.
“Like you said, you don’t care, so what does it matter?” I stormed out of the doorway and into my studio.
From the living room Dominic shouted, “Dating and working for him. That’s hardly professional Beth.” I slammed the studio door shut and leaned back against it as I tried to control my temper. The moment I finally had an opportunity to earn some money from my work, something had to ruin it. Well someone actually. A big selfish someone who happened to live with me, who didn’t want to be my friend, didn’t want his boss to think he associated with me and who also had a fiancée but thought he could have a say over how I lived my life. Well not anymore. I was going to make the most of this opportunity. Dominic had no right to interfere in my life. If he wanted to pretend to Jack that we hardly knew each other then fine. If anything, our so-called friendship kept stalling at every hurdle. If only the thought of losing him didn’t tug at my heart. I tried to shake the feeling as I set up my brushes to do some night painting.
The next day, I got up extra early, hoping to avoid Dominic, only to find he’d already left for work. Likely, he was trying to avoid me too. In fact, it felt like we spent most of the time arguing or trying to steer clear of one another. It was exhausting. In a fit of rebellion, knowing how much Dominic hated my clothes, I decided to dress as hobo chic as possible with my 1940s-style headscarf, paint-spattered faded blue dungarees, checked shirt and combat boots. With my playlist ready on my phone, I was ready for a creative day. I got to the office an hour before everyone was due in so I could make a good start on the mural. It was such a big canvas that most of the week would be spent on just the base colours. Painting was always a lesson in patience. I could visualise how I wanted it to look in the end. It would just take a while to get there. Music was blasting through my headphones as I was lost in my own head, so when I felt a tap on my shoulder, I almost dropped my paint palette in fright. Luckily, I was also near the bottom of the ladder otherwise Jack could have ended up flattened and covered in paint. I tried to calm my racing heart as I stepped down off the ladder. 
“Sorry I didn’t mean to startle you,” Jack said, holding his hands up in apology as I pulled out my headphones.
Once I’d caught my breath, I replied, “No really, it’s fine. I just get into the zone and I had my music on pretty loud.”
“I was just wondering if you wanted to join us for lunch,” he asked. I looked behind me to see who Jack was going to lunch with and Dominic was standing there looking tense. Predictable as ever his eyes darted over me from head to toe and he frowned. What did I expect? I knew he hated my clothes. In fact, I’d gone all out today to annoy him and it had obviously worked. Dominic quickly composed himself and flashed the fake smile he seemed to adopt when Jack was around.
Ignoring Dominic and turning to Jack I said, “That’s really kind of you but I brought lunch. I’m also keen to get a good start on the painting.” Plus I couldn’t think of anything worse than sitting with Dominic at lunch, I wanted to add.
“Well maybe another time then?” Jack asked hopefully.
“Yes, definitely. Another time.” I smiled at Jack. Dominic coughed behind us, interrupting our conversation. He really couldn’t bear Jack giving me a little of his time.
“I’m going to hold you to that Beth,” said Jack as he walked away smiling. Dominic scowled over Jack’s shoulder, letting me know he wasn’t happy with the conversation. It seemed it was fine for him to go for lunch with Jack but obviously not me. Well, if he thought he could control what I did, he had another thing coming.
For the next week, I didn’t see Dominic at home. However seeing as he had an office in Jack’s building and was there most of the time working on the campaign, I saw him more than ever. Every time he looked at me, it was like I annoyed him even more. Of course he was civil when he was with Jack but I could see him cringing when Jack was friendly with me or complimented my painting. I tried to ignore the tension between us and focus on getting my painting done. It was the biggest artwork I’d ever attempted so it was a big challenge for me but I was determined to see it through. Painting was my lifeline and this was one huge batch of therapy. So long as I wasn’t thinking about Dominic, I was happy in my own little creative bubble.
During my second week, Jack stopped on his way to lunch again. “I’m not taking no for an answer Beth. You’re coming to lunch with us. I never see you take a break for lunch. Don’t think I haven’t noticed you working right through each day.” 
Dominic was at his side. He seemed to be there permanently at the moment. While he wasn’t outwardly mean, his posture was stiff and I could tell he didn’t want me to go with them.
“I just really want to get as much done on the painting as I can plus I’m sure you have important business to talk about over lunch,” I replied, trying to get out of it. It wasn’t that I didn’t want to spend time with Jack. In fact, he was nice to be around. It was my morose tenant I was trying to avoid. 
Unfortunately, Jack wouldn’t be persuaded. “Nonsense. You need to eat some proper food,” Jack said good naturedly. “You’re coming with us.”
Dominic’s mouth was set in a grim line as Jack held his arm out for me to link him. It wasn’t like I wanted to go to lunch with them but there was no way I could refuse. Jack was just really charming and friendly. He was the opposite of Dominic in that way. We walked across the road to a stylish bistro that served Italian tapas. I loved Italian food and my stomach growled at the thought. I knew I hadn’t been eating properly, as I’d been so focused on my work the past few weeks. Each day I found myself getting home later, plus I was trying to avoid Dominic, even though he probably worked late to avoid me too.
Dominic held the door open for us with a tense look on his face and his eyes zoned in on Jack’s hand on the small of my back guiding me into the bistro. Inside the restaurant Jack ushered me into a booth and sat beside me while Dominic sat opposite us. He tried to muster his professional smile for Jack but I could tell he was coiled tight and I knew he felt uncomfortable with me being there. Maybe I could just have a quick bite and then I could leave them to have their business talk.
“Wine anyone?” Jack asked when the waiter came over.
“No, thank you,” I said. “I’m a lightweight. I might fall off that ladder and you’ll end up with paint all over your nice office floor. I’ll have an orange juice please.”
“I’ll have a whisky,” said Dominic quickly in a coarse voice. I raised my eyebrow at him drinking hard liquor so early in the day. He spotted my reaction and narrowed his eyes at me in challenge. When his drink arrived, he downed it in one gulp and brought his eyes to mine defiantly, then said to the waiter, “I’ll have another one.” I rolled my eyes. If he wanted to drink himself into a stupor it was his own fault. 
Jack was checking his emails on his phone and seemed oblivious to the interaction. When he looked back up to us both, Dominic gave him a false smile again. I wanted to throw my orange juice at Dominic for being so two-faced. 
“I think the social media advertising for the campaign is looking great Dominic,” said Jack, tapping his phone. “I’ve just had some feedback from some of the team and they’re really impressed.”
“Good,” Dominic replied groggily and cleared his throat. “I think it’ll make a big difference to the launch.” They talked about the campaign and while Jack tried to include me in the conversation, Dominic did his best to pretend I wasn’t there. Luckily my aubergine parmigiana arrived quickly so I had something to focus on. Jack was interrupted from eating by a phone message and he excused himself to make a call, leaving me alone with Dominic.
“What are you doing here?” Dominic hissed at me when Jack went outside.
“What do you mean? You were there when Jack invited me. I couldn’t say no,” I hissed back.
“Like you even tried,” he replied bitterly.
“What’s your problem? We live in the same house. You can’t pretend I don’t exist,” I said and hated that I sounded so pathetic.
“Yes, I’ve realised that,” he grunted.
I continued eating my food, which was delicious, it was just a shame about the company. His words however riled me. “You know what your problem is Dominic? You’re a snob. You sit there all entitled, ashamed of the fact that you live with someone like me, worried that I’ll somehow embarrass you and ruin your reputation. Well you know what, Jack’s been to our house and he doesn’t seem to care, so get over it.” I was determined to stand my ground with him.
“You really don’t have a clue do you Beth? You have no idea what I’m thinking and you presume an awful lot but get it completely wrong. Also, I’m not spoilt or entitled. I’ve worked hard to get where I am. I came from nothing and worked my way up. I know what it’s like to live in poverty and I’m not ashamed of where I live or who I live with.” His mouth closed suddenly as though he’d revealed too much and he was struggling to steady his breath. My eyebrows rose again trying to unpick what he’d just said. I’d always assumed he came from money because of his designer clothes and expensive car. 
I was stunned at his outburst, then said, “I didn’t know that. You’ve never told me that.”
“Why would I? We live together. That’s it.” He was back to being mean again. “I don’t take my finances lightly and I’m also not about to throw away something I’ve worked so hard for.”
“You’re not throwing anything away. Don’t be silly. My involvement or whatever it is with Jack won’t have any impact on your work with him. He’s a professional,” I assured Dominic.
“But what if something happens between you that I’m not happy with?” he asked seriously.
“What do you mean?” I responded.
He paused for a second and stared at me then looked away then shook his head. “I don’t want to end up fighting with him if he does something I’m not happy with.”
I rolled my eyes. “Don’t be so macho Dominic. You won’t have to fight with him to defend me. I don’t know if anything will happen between us. If it does and it all goes wrong, I’m a big girl and can fight my own battles.”
“That’s not what I meant,” he answered in a frustrated tone. “I know he’s a good guy. Maybe that makes it worse. Just don’t do something to provoke me okay?”
Dominic’s words were confusing and I was about to reply when Jack walked back to the table. “I’m really sorry but I’ve got to go back and take a conference call but please you two stay and finish your lunch,” he said.
“No, we’re fine,” both Dominic and I said abruptly.
“I’ve finished and I need to get back to the painting,” I added. If Jack felt the tension between Dominic and I, he didn’t say anything. The three of us made our way back to the office. While they talked about marketing, I just couldn’t wait to return to the mural. Dominic’s words kept replaying in my head. I wasn’t sure why he thought I wanted to provoke him. Yes, I deliberately dressed in a way that I knew he hated but that was for my own sense of independence. I would never try to cause trouble between him and Jack. After all, I knew how hard he’d worked for this opportunity. Dominic and I needed some sort of truce. Yes, he annoyed me but he was a paying tenant I couldn’t afford to lose and even though we were barely talking, I had to admit I didn’t want him to go. That was dangerous thinking for me and I quickly quashed it but I knew I could try harder to be his friend while he was living in my house.
I was hoping for some relief from the tension when the weekend came but unfortunately that didn’t happen. Dominic decided to stay that weekend as he had a deadline and was sitting at the breakfast table reading a newspaper when I came down on Saturday morning. He quickly glanced at my Cookie Monster short pyjamas, raised an eyebrow and went back to reading his paper. Even in his casual wear he of course looked impeccable while I looked like an overgrown child. Ignoring him, I put the kettle on and popped two pieces of bread in the toaster. I didn’t mention anything about the heated conversation I’d heard the night before when he was on the phone to Tara explaining why he wasn’t coming home. Judging by his frown, they still hadn’t made up. Just as I was buttering my toast the doorbell rang. 
Dominic looked up at me questioningly. “Are you expecting someone?” he asked.
“No. Not that I know of,” I replied. 
I placed my knife down on the plate and was about to walk out of the kitchen to answer the door when he said, “I’ll go. You’re not dressed.” He scanned my legs disapprovingly. I was dressed. I had pyjamas on but whatever. It wasn’t worth arguing with him. If he wanted to answer the door, then fine.
As he unbolted the front door and opened it, I heard him ask in a shocked voice, “What are you doing here?”
“Well is that any way to speak to your fiancée? Seeing as you couldn’t come home, I thought we could spend some time together while you’re not working.” From the condescending tone and well-spoken accent, I recognised the voice as Tara’s. 
“You could have told me you were coming,” Dominic answered, sounding a little displeased.
“Is there a reason you don’t want me here?” Tara asked.
“No of course not,” Dominic replied quickly.
“Well then, are you going to let me in?” she asked impatiently.
“Yes, of course,” Dominic replied politely before I heard the front door close and footsteps walking up the hallway. Before I could escape from the kitchen, they both walked in. Tara stopped, looking a little surprised when she saw me, then her eyes travelled over my pyjamas and messy hair. I could see the calculating look as she assessed my attractiveness. I had no makeup on and one of my eyes was still sticky with sleep. As though finding me suitably lacking, she gave a smug smile.
“Tara, this is Beth.” Dominic mumbled uncomfortably then added, “Beth this is Tara my erm fiancée.” 
“Nice to meet you I’m sure,” Tara almost sneered, as her topaz eyes narrowed on me. She was really beautiful with delicate features and her hair in a silky, dark bob. Unlike me, Tara looked like an actual grown-up. Wearing designer black skinny jeans, a white top, beige blazer and matching light coloured high heels, she was sophisticated and stylish. Tara was basically everything I wasn’t. Looking between her and Dominic, I could see why they were perfectly matched. I’m not sure why my heart hurt but I wrapped my arms around myself self-consciously. Of course she also smelled fantastic and I could inhale her Chanel perfume from where I was standing. Joe had bought some for Seline one year, so I recognised the scent.
 Dominic coughed and I realised I hadn’t said anything yet. I’d just been standing there gawking. “Hi, I’m Beth. It’s lovely to finally meet you,” I answered and put out my hand for her to shake. 
Tara gave me a dismissive wave and replied, “I think we both know we’re not friends. I’m just here to see my fiancé because he couldn’t come home. No need to pretend.”
“Tara, that’s rude,” admonished Dominic who looked embarrassed. I felt exposed in my stupid pyjamas and upset at her words but maybe I did deserve them. After all, I had crushed on Dominic at first, even if I was trying to quash those feelings. If she somehow knew that then I shouldn’t be surprised she didn’t like me. 
“I’m just saying that there’s no need to pretend we’re friends,” replied Tara turning to face him. She stroked down his chest and in a high-pitched voice said, “I’m here to see you Dom not spend time with your landlord. I’ve missed you.”
Dominic put a hand through his hair and looked awkward as he glanced at me over her shoulder then replied quietly, “I missed you too.” 
My heart was jackhammering in my chest and I turned away as she pulled his arms around her waist and then tugged his head down for a kiss. It felt like something was stuck in my throat and I was breathing deeply to hold back tears. Even though I had no right, I felt betrayed. My heart hadn’t got the memo that he wasn’t mine. It didn’t realise I’d had an unrequited crush and that I needed to get over it. 
“So let’s see your room then,” Tara whispered to Dominic seductively. I put my dishes in the sink, albeit a little too loudly, so I had something to do and heard them walk up the stairs. “I see what you mean. She is weird, isn’t she?”
“Tara don’t be mean. She’ll hear you,” Dominic said, sounding annoyed. He was probably worried I’d throw him out and ruin his financial plans for his wedding. 
“You’ve said worse than that. I still laugh when I remember you saying she looked like she got dressed in the dark.” Tara giggled meanly.
“Yeah I was a real comedian,” replied Dominic sarcastically.
“Seriously though. I don’t know how you live here,” Tara said as they reached the top of the stairs, not attempting to keep her voice down. “It’s like going back in time. I feel like we’re in the 1950s. Don’t you feel depressed here?” 
“Actually, I’ve got used to it. I think it’s quite cute,” replied Dominic defensively.
“Cute? It’s a hovel and you know it. I can’t wait for you to be rid of this place and back where you belong. Also, what’s with all the strange paintings?” Tara asked.
“You know Beth’s an artist. I told you that,” he almost hissed.
Tara grunted. “Well she’s not very good. No wonder she has no money and needs your rent. I bet she saw the pound signs when you walked through the door.”
“She’s not like that. Don’t be mean and keep your voice down. I’m serious. Please don’t cause trouble,” Dominic warned.
“You know me darling. I never cause trouble,” replied Tara.
Dominic grunted and the bedroom door slammed shut.
Desperate to get dressed and holding back the emotions that were churning in my chest, I tiptoed up the stairs to my bedroom which was down the hall from Dominic’s. I tried to ignore Tara’s laugh coming from his room. The shrill sound made my stomach hurt. I had to admit I didn’t like her staying in my house. She was rude and she’d made it clear she didn’t like me. More than that, I didn’t like the idea of her staying with Dominic and I knew that was irrational thinking. Maybe I was just lonely and was looking for someone to cling on to. 
I needed to talk to Seline. She’d been so busy with her husband’s business lately that I’d hardly seen her. Seline had met Dominic a couple of times when she’d popped around and had mistaken his agitation with me for some sort of chemistry between us. I’d explained that he was always annoyed with me but she hadn’t looked convinced. 
As I looked in my full-length mirror, feeling inadequate in my childish pyjamas, I tried to imagine what my mum and dad would have said to me at that moment. When I was feeling lonely or out of my depth, I often thought what advice my parents would have given me. In that moment, I missed them so much. They were always in my thoughts but for some reason right at that moment, I really needed them. I felt like I was losing control of my life and I didn’t know where to turn. Jenny was away living her own life and I wasn’t really sure what I was supposed to be doing with mine. A high-pitched female laugh that sounded a little over-exaggerated came from Dominic’s room again, making the hair on my arms stand on end. That was it, I had to get out of there. There was no way I was spending my whole Saturday listening to them, so I decided to go into work and do some painting on the mural. 
I had a pass, so security let me up to the office floor. It was strange being there when it was so quiet. Looking up at the base colour which continued across both walls and had now dried, I knew where I wanted to start. The scene would have a sunset in the foreground but in the distance, I decided there would be a storm brewing, waiting to strike. I focused on creating a storm. Lost in my work, it was only when the lift doors pinged open and Jack walked into the foyer that I was back in the real world and realised a few hours had passed.
“There you are. I’ve been trying to contact you. I wondered if I might find you here,” Jack said. “You know you don’t have to work on Saturdays.”
“I know I just felt the need to get part of it done. I hope you don’t mind me being here out of office hours.” I probably should have asked for permission to be in the office on my own but I hadn’t really thought about it. I just needed to paint.
 “Not at all. Who am I to stand in the way of creativity? I have dinner plans tonight with Dominic and his fiancée and I wondered if you would join me?” Jack looked at me hopefully.
“Join you? All three of you?” I almost squealed. I didn’t want to spend Saturday night watching Dominic and Tara together, so I needed an excuse to get out this quick. 
“Yes, the three of us. I want you to come as my date. A friend of mine has opened a bar in town and I was thinking we could go along after dinner.”
“I really need to get some painting done tonight,” I replied.
His smile fell a little and I felt bad. Then he used his gentle persuasive voice and said, “Not even for a few hours? I promise you’ll have fun. It can be a celebration to mark the start of this amazing creative work you’re doing here. Plus, I’ll be a third wheel without you.”
At that, I really felt bad, though I imagined he could find another date if he wanted. He had given me paid work doing what I loved, so I felt like I owed him. Surely I could deal with Dominic and Tara for just a few hours. Maybe they would be on their best behavior if Jack was there.
“Yes, okay then. That would be lovely. I can carry on with my work tomorrow,” I said reluctantly.
“Wonderful. I’ll pick you up at your place at 7.30pm. Is that good for you?” Jack asked.
“Yes, that’s fine. I’ll see you there.” I popped my headphones back in when he left and finished off the lightening in my storm wondering what I’d let myself in for that night.
Chapter 7

Staring at my turquoise tea dress in my bedroom mirror, I wondered if maybe I should have gone out and bought a new one but I really couldn’t afford to. This was by far my best dress. I loved it because it was comfortable and cute with its tiny red flowers. It also matched my reliable red dolly shoes with their sturdy, chunky heel. My hair was pulled up with some curls hanging loose. The look was more retro than stylish but I felt like me and I didn’t really know what else to do with my messy hair. I wasn’t sure where we were going for our meal but I hoped it wasn’t too expensive. Clasping my vintage berry coloured clutch bag which I bought a few years ago from a charity shop, I took a deep breath and braced myself for what I knew would be a challenging night. 
As I walked downstairs to wait for Jack who would be arriving at any minute, I was hit by Tara’s Chanel perfume. I could hear Dominic and Tara talking quietly in the kitchen. The last step creaked giving away my presence and the talking stopped. Dominic and Tara were both standing in the kitchen doorway as I turned down the hallway toward them. It was breathtaking how beautiful they both looked together, like a real power couple. Tara wore a black and gold full-length evening dress. Dominic was matching in his black suit, black shirt and gold tie. We were definitely going somewhere expensive then. My stomach flipped nervously at the realisation and my face flushed with embarrassment at my cheap clothes. Then I kicked myself for being so shallow for even thinking that way. I pulled my shoulders back and braced myself against Tara’s smirk as she looked me up and down with amusement. Dominic was staring at me open mouthed but quickly replaced it with a scowl. Forcing myself not to hide away, I walked up to them. “I love your dress. It’s beautiful,” I said to Tara. It was the truth. She looked amazing in her dress.
Tara looked bemused and replied, “Well thank you. I should hope so, it cost me enough.” In her heels she was almost Dominic’s height as she looked down at me. Her eyes flew over my dress again with displeasure and she didn’t return the compliment, not that I expected it. There was only a slightly awkward moment of silence. My face felt flushed and I was about to fill in the gap when there was a knock at the door. I wanted to kiss Jack for interrupting us at that moment.
“I’ll get it,” I said and shot off down the hallway.
“I don’t think she realises we’re not in the Second World War anymore,” I heard Tara state loud enough for me to hear. “We’re going to an exclusive restaurant not a tea dance.”
“Tara, stop,” Dominic warned.
“Well she’s going to embarrass us. What will your new boss think?” Tara asked.
Her question was answered when I opened the door and Jack looked at me appreciatively then held his arms out to give me a warm hug. When he pulled away, his eyes travelled over me and he said, “Wow, you look beautiful Beth. Here, these are for you.” Jack, who was dressed in a casual blue suit with no tie, presented me with a bunch of pink roses. I had to stop my tears at that moment and was so grateful for his kindness after the insult Tara had given me. I heard a masculine cough behind me as Dominic approached. Jack had only just spotted him and shook Dominic’s hand, tapping him on his other arm affectionately as I slipped into the kitchen to put the flowers in water. “Dominic, I see you scrub up well too and is this your lovely fiancée?” I heard him say. Tara was all smiles and graciousness as she greeted Jack when I walked back out into the hallway. He was obviously worthy of her attention.
Dominic and Tara followed as Jack placed his hand to my back, leading us to his car. Unfortunately, Dominic ended up sitting rigidly opposite me in the car and was clearly glowering. Jack was facing Tara and told her about the restaurant we were going to then the men chatted about work. Tara laughed in all the right places playing the doting fiancée. Occasionally when I glanced at Dominic I’d find him staring at me then he’d quickly look away. It was like he was in pain just being in my presence. I wasn’t sure what his problem was. If he was offended by my cheap dress, he’d have to get over it. Jack wasn’t bothered, so I didn’t see what the problem was. In fact, when we got to the restaurant Jack placed my arm through his as though I belonged to him. It was a bit unexpected as we weren’t in a relationship but I was just glad to have an ally. The Michelin-starred restaurant was very upmarket but Jack acted casual as he walked us through the entrance. The place was adorned with black marble and silver chandeliers. Even Tara looked impressed. Dominic’s attention was focused on my arm linking with Jack’s. When I caught his gaze, he raised an eyebrow and looked annoyed. The waiter guided us to our seats and Jack ordered wine for the table.
“So what do you think of the place?” Jack asked me. 
“It’s not bad. I bet they don’t do beans on toast,” I joked and smiled at him.
He started laughing and said, “For you Beth, they’ll make whatever I ask them to.” I was embarrassed by his attention and Tara gave me a cynical look. 
Tara quickly butted in and said, “This place is wonderful. You have great taste Jack.” She gave him a charming smile. 
“Oh. I just come here so I can eat for free. I know the owner,” Jack joked, making me laugh. I liked his sense of humour. He was still down to earth, even with all his wealth and success. Tara seemed confused like she didn’t know what to say and Dominic jumped in, talking about work. The three of them chatted animatedly about the campaign and Tara made sure to compliment Jack as much as possible. Dominic was back to ignoring me, so I looked over the menu for something to do. The prices were extortionate. It actually made me feel a little queasy that people would pay that much for a meal. Just one meal would almost pay my mortgage for a month. I gave Jack a small smile and tried to hide my discomfort. 
“Couldn’t find beans on the menu?” Tara asked snidely. “Don’t worry I spotted a greasy spoon cafe around the corner,” she said quietly, so Jack wouldn’t hear. I fisted the menu and tried to ignore her. The pleased smile on her face as she downed her glass of wine made me wish she’d choke on it. 
I heard my name and realised Jack had mentioned me. “I was just saying to Dominic, I can’t wait to see the mural when it’s finished. Not that I want I want rid of you, I’m quite happy for you to take your time. It’s nice to have an artist breathe life into the building,” Jack said.
“I’m not sure little paintings of sunsets class as art,” said Tara snootily and Dominic shot her a look to try and silence her. Tara took another large gulp of wine and added, “I mean she’s just painting a wall. You know you can get some lovely mural wall transfers online Jack. I could’ve sent you some great websites. It would have saved you a lot of trouble and money.”
Jack raised his eyebrows at Tara’s comment and eyed her empty wine glass. Tara was mean but was evidently even meaner when she’d had a drink. She also couldn’t hide her personality very well when she was tipsy. 
“Beth’s paintings are really good,” said Dominic. “She’s actually very talented.” I was shocked at him coming to my defence. It seemed Tara was just as stunned, as she sat there open mouthed and then slammed her glass down on the table. 
Tara covered her annoyance with a smile and poured another glass of wine. “Of course, he’d know seeing as they live together,” she continued bitterly. Shaking her head as if to move on from the conversation, Tara added, “By the way Jack, did I show you the venue for our wedding? You will of course be invited.” She looked at me but didn’t extend the invitation. I glanced over at Dominic who rubbed his chin nervously and looked at me almost apologetically. Tara was oblivious as she showed Jack the wedding venue. Jack nodded and smiled, though he seemed uncomfortable. It was a relief when the meal was over. 
“I have VIP tickets to my friend’s bar opening tonight, if you’re all up for it,” Jack said enthusiastically as we left the restaurant. Tara nodded and Dominic shrugged in agreement. Jack grabbed a hold of my hand before I could think of an excuse to go home and led us to his waiting car. He didn’t let go of my hand the whole time and I didn’t pull away. It made me feel somehow protected from my housemate and his fiancée, although Dominic was looking at our joined hands like he wanted to set them on fire. At that moment I really didn’t care that he was worried about his career. What Jack and I did was none of his business. Tara grabbed Dominic’s hand in an overt display of affection to which he looked puzzled but thankfully it drew his gaze away from us. 
The club was bustling and there was a queue around the block to get in. We went to a separate side entrance for VIPs and were escorted into a mezzanine area above the main bar. The area was dark but the walls were made of large sheets lit up with purple light. There were round booths with soft dark leather couches surrounded by glass walls to provide a sense of privacy and the club glittered with speckles of light from the tiny chandeliers covered the whole ceiling. The overall effect was enchanting and almost seductive or maybe that was just the effect of the wine I’d had with my meal. Jack introduced us to various people and one woman complimented me on my dress which made Tara snort. Dominic looked at her annoyed but quickly covered it as he was introduced to Jack’s friends. 
“Have you seen the dance floor?” Jack asked me. He was leaning in close so I could hear him. “The floor lights up like in Michael Jackson’s Billie Jean video.”
“No way!” I replied and laughed excitedly as I watched people dancing on the moving squares of light. 
“Want to go down and dance?” he asked.
“Yes,” I replied, grateful to get away from Dominic and Tara. 
As Jack pulled me to the dance floor, Dominic shot us another disapproving look, which I ignored. I focused on Jack who was grinning at me when the square lit up under our feet. We attempted to follow each square as it lit up and I couldn’t help but chuckle. Jack was evidently good fun and it was nice to see that someone so successful knew how to let his hair down. After we had been dancing for a while a song with a slower, sultry beat came on. Jack pulled me to him and held me close. It had been so long since I’d been held by a man in this way and he was looking at me like I was something precious. It felt good to have his attention and he was so positive that I couldn’t help but feel elated. I was actually enjoying myself. Although I didn’t have that weird nervous fluttering in my stomach that I got around Dominic, I thought that was probably a good thing. If anything, I felt relaxed around Jack so I didn’t mind when he held me close, swaying us to the music. There was a nudge to my side and it was Dominic brushing past us holding Tara but rather than looking at her, he was glaring at me. Jack hadn’t noticed them yet and was still smiling at me. Dominic’s glazed eyes bored into me accusingly and shot down to Jack’s arms around my waist. My housemate looked like he’d had a few too many drinks and if he wasn’t careful Jack would see his expression. Jack pulled me to him a little tighter and while I felt comfortable with him, I didn’t feel a spark of anything more than fondness. My heart didn’t feel like it was beating out of my chest. Maybe that would come or maybe it was good not to feel constantly overwhelmed. We were friends who enjoyed each other’s company, so maybe given time, I would come to feel more for him. When I looked across at Dominic again, he was staring at me openly. I wasn’t sure if his intense look meant he wanted to rip my head off or if it was something different. If I didn’t know him better, I’d think he was jealous. The way he was eyeing me made me feel awkward given that he was holding his fiancée. Tara reached up, grabbed his face and kissed him. My heart stopped at the sight of her lips on his. I watched open mouthed as Dominic tried to pull away but Tara pulled him back down to her lips. Jack must have heard my intake of breath and misinterpreted it for some feeling of attraction because he held my face in his hands and looked at my lips. Before I had chance to object or pull away, he lowered his mouth to mine. His kiss was gentle and exploratory. While his lips were warm and pleasant, that tingle didn’t come. When I got over my surprise, I tried to kiss him back, just to see if there was anything between us, hoping that it would trigger something but it was like kissing my best friend and I felt bad that it I couldn’t feel more than that. My neck started to tingle but it wasn’t from the kiss. I could feel Dominic’s stare even without looking at him. I gently pulled away from Jack who was smiling at me. “I’ve been wanting to do that all night,” he said into my ear.
Drawn like a magnet, I couldn’t help but look at Dominic over Jack’s shoulder who was watching with his jaw set. His eyes were dark and his pupils were blown possibly with desire or anger, I really couldn’t tell. Whatever it was, the emotion was directed fully at me. I swallowed, overpowered by the tension radiating from him. His face was glacial but the storm in his eyes told me it was hiding a tornado of feeling. Dominic closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Tara whispered something into his ear and he pretended to smile but it was contorted. He was tense like he would explode any minute.
Jack pulled away and peered down at me. I realised I hadn’t answered him. “I didn’t over-step did I?” he asked, seeming concerned.
“No, sorry. You just caught me by surprise,” I said, trying to raise my voice over the music. 
Jack assessed me and then explained, “You just look so beautiful tonight. I couldn’t resist. If I’ve been too forward let me know. I don’t want to ruin this.”
Stuck for how to respond, I knew I needed to tell him that I saw him as a good friend but I wondered if I could I learn to see him as more. He was practically perfect, so I wasn’t sure why that magnetism wasn’t there. Actually, I knew why. In fact, all six foot two of it was standing next to us looking like he wanted to raise hell. Instead Dominic leaned into Jack and said, “I think we’re going to call it a night. Beth are you getting a taxi with us?” 
I nodded in agreement being the coward that I was, just to get out of having to have the awkward conversation with Jack. “Nonsense,” said Jack. My driver will take you all home.”
There was far too much tension in the car as the driver took us home. When Jack asked Beth if she was free for lunch the next day, Dominic interrupted. “I think you have a lunch meeting tomorrow Jack,” Dominic said sternly which made Tara eye him suspiciously.
“Oh right yeah, I forgot about that. Maybe another day in the week?” Jack asked me. I found myself nodding, unable to think of an excuse and feeling uncomfortable as we had an audience. It was obvious from Dominic’s uneasy body language that he wasn’t happy. When the car stopped, Dominic practically pushed me out of the car and closed it behind Tara before Jack could follow us out. Ever the gentleman, Jack didn’t take offence. I leaned down to the open window to thank Jack for a fun night and waved him goodbye. Dominic was standing by the front door like a mother waiting up for her daughter who had arrived home late after a date.
“What was that?” Dominic hissed at me, blocking my way slightly as I tried to get past him into my own home. He still looked slightly drunk, although I think his annoyance at me had worn off some of the effect of the alcohol.
“What are you talking about?” I whispered, trying not to draw attention from Tara who had already walked into the kitchen ahead of us. 
“You know what I mean Beth. You said you wouldn’t do this. He was all over you tonight and you just let him.”
“That’s none of your business.” I wanted to slap him at his hypocrisy when his fiancée was standing in the kitchen just metres away from us.
“We both know that’s not true,” Dominic replied bitterly. Maybe he was still drunk. He definitely wasn’t in his right mind speaking to me like this when Tara was within hearing distance. Also, what I said was true. It was none of his business.
I pushed past him shaking my head. He went to grab my arm but Tara appeared at the kitchen doorway. “What’s going on?” she asked. 
“Nothing,” I answered too brightly.
Tara narrowed her eyes at us and I ignored her probing gaze as I made my way upstairs. When I reached the top, I heard her ask Dominic the question again. He mumbled, “I just don’t think this thing she has with Jack is a good idea.”
Tara answered, “Why do you care who she goes out with? I mean I’m surprised he even looked at her twice but you can’t always account for taste. She needs a life so let them get on with it. At least it keeps her out of your hair.”
“I just don’t want it to ruin my campaign,” he replied. I couldn’t believe it was back to that again. We had discussed this already. If it wasn’t for the fact that they would have known I was eavesdropping, I would’ve gone back downstairs and set him straight again. Jack was a good person and was also a professional. He would never let something personal get in the way of his business. It did make me feel a little guilty however that I didn’t really feel more than friendship for Jack and I wasn’t sure another date would make any difference. Fed up of listening in, I left Dominic and Tara to their conversation. In bed that night I felt very confused. Jack was a successful, attractive, nice man who wanted to date me, yet he didn’t spike my heartrate the way my annoying lodger did. A lodger that had a fiancée who was snuggled next to him in bed while I was alone, trying to stop myself pining after something that would never happen. Punching my pillow in frustration, I determined that starting the next day, I needed to work on getting Dominic off my mind for good. 
Chapter 8

The next morning, my head was feeling tender but that wasn’t what woke me. It was Dominic and Tara’s raised voices in the downstairs hallway.
“This was a waste of bloody time Dominic. I come all the way to see you and you haven’t even touched me once,” she shouted.
“Tara this isn’t my house. It wouldn’t be right,” Dominic replied in a tight voice. 
“Why not? She’s a grown woman isn’t she? Is she some sort of prude that gets offended by people sleeping together? Or is it just because she’s not getting any?” Tara screeched.
“Be quiet Tara. She’ll hear you,” Dominic replied with contempt.
“I couldn’t care less Dom. I don’t want you living here anymore. You need to find somewhere else to live. If our wedding means anything to you at all then you’ll sort it,” Tara warned. My stomach dropped. I didn’t want him to move out. Not just because I needed the money but because the thought of him not being around made me panic. I should have made more effort with Tara. If I’d made her feel more welcome, she wouldn’t have given him an ultimatum. I heard Tara’s heels click down the hall and the front door slam.
“Shit!” I heard Dominic shout and then a dish being slammed into the sink.
I knew I needed to sort this quickly. Frantically, I put my feet in my slippers and dashed down the stairs in my pyjamas. Dominic was hunched over the sink when I walked into the kitchen. His arms were braced either side of the sink with his head lowered and he looked like he had the weight of the world on his shoulders. I wanted to go over and comfort him but I had a feeling that wouldn’t have been appreciated. Treading carefully, so as not to antagonize him further, I entered the kitchen and leaned against the counter. I could see his shoulders tense when I entered. After a minute or so of silence, I said gently, “Is there anything I can do?”
Dominic shook his head and laughed sardonically. “No. There’s nothing you can do,” he said bitterly. “Maybe you not existing at all might have made my life easier but there’s certainly nothing you can do.”
His words crushed and shocked me. Having lost two parents I would never wish that someone didn’t exist. I knew the implications of losing people close to you. Did he really hate me that much? It was possible I’d misinterpreted the feelings between us. He looked up, his eyes were torn with unshed tears. When he saw my face, possibly realising why his words were particularly hurtful to me, he blinked and looked regretful. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it like that. That’s not what I meant. I would never mean it that way, believe me. I just meant that since you came into my life things have become so much more complicated. My life before I came here was so straightforward. I had a plan. Earn enough money for a big wedding and start a new life with Tara. Where the hell did it all go wrong?”
“You can still have that,” I said, though it hurt to say. My heart had somehow attached myself to him, even though we barely got on. 
“Not with things as they are. Tara has threatened to leave me if things don’t change,” he said.
“I’m sorry Dominic. Look, I can make more of an effort with Tara. If she visits again, I’ll go out and give you both more space.” I was cringing at how desperate I sounded. 
Dominic looked at me sadly. “You know this isn’t working Beth. It hasn’t been for a while. Things have gotten too complicated.”
“They don’t have to be. We can have rules. You can have the house to yourself when you need it. I’ll make more effort,” I almost begged. 
He took a deep breath and hardened his gaze. “I’m leaving Beth. I’ll pack my things today and go to a hotel until I find something more permanent while I’m working on the campaign.”
“No, you don’t have to do that Dominic. We can work this out.” I felt like I was losing him. In fact, the look on his face told me that’s exactly what was happening. He was letting me go. We weren’t so close as friends that we’d meet up or speak on the phone, so I knew this was the end to our friendship.
He shook his head at me. “I’ll be gone by the end of the day,” he said coldly and walked past me. I leaned against the counter for support holding on to my chest which was aching with desperation. I hadn’t realised just how much he meant to me and the thought of him moving out left me feeling anguished. In a strange way it brought back long buried memories of losing my parents. I scolded myself for even feeling that way. It was a ridiculous thought. This was nothing like that. Dominic was still alive and breathing, he just wasn’t going to be living with me anymore. He was never mine to begin with. I had no right to those feelings. Pushing myself off the counter, I could feel my tears falling as I walked up the stairs and heard him opening drawers. He was already unpacking. I knew I had to let him go. There was nothing I could do. To stop myself from doing something I’d regret like throwing myself at his feet and begging him not to leave, I called Seline. Within half an hour we were at a coffee shop and I was sniffling into a napkin having explained everything that had happened over the past day. 
“Sorry, I don’t know what’s wrong with me,” I croaked.
“You’re in love with him,” Seline said, as blunt as ever. 
“No, I’m just not good with people leaving,” I explained.
“You’re in love with him Beth. You wouldn’t be this cut up over just a lodger moving out, even if they were a close friend.”
“He’s engaged to someone. I can’t be in love with him. I’m not like that,” I said, appalled at myself.
“Yes and she sounds like a right bitch. Why is he even with her anyway? They don’t sound like they even like each other. Nevermind, who cares? He’s leaving and you have to pull yourself together. You can’t control who you love but you can control your actions.” Seline and I became friends at the bank not long after my parents died and she remembered what I was like back then. “You’ve been through worse Beth. You will get over this. He’s made his choice.” 
She gave me the pep talk I needed and I knew she was right. It was why I’d wanted to meet up. Nodding, I bit into my blueberry muffin feeling sorry for myself.
“I’ll still have to see him at work,” I said. “How did I let myself become this attached to him?”
“When you’re painting, you’re in your own world. Put your headphones in and block everyone out or better yet, use all of that emotion and put it into your painting,” Seline said and held my hand, the one that wasn’t stuffing my face with muffin.
“I don’t deserve you,” I said tearfully. “You’re a great friend.”
“Don’t start getting upset about me. You deserve everything good in your life Beth. You’ve pulled me up when I’ve had rough break-ups. Remember when you wrote that fake doctor’s letter to my cheating ex Tony, stating he had a sexually transmitted disease, so his secretary would see it when she opened it? That knitted my heart back together. You have my back and I have yours. Want me to write a doctor’s note for Dominic?”
She was serious and her suggestion made me laugh, as did the memory of Tony’s irate texts after the letter was delivered. He deserved it. Seline was too good for him. 
“So what are you going to do for money? Are you going to get another lodger?” she asked.
“I don’t think I can go through that again. I don’t think it’s good for me letting people into my life like that,” I said. “Don’t worry, I’ll be fine. I have this job with Jack and I’m sure some rich patron will want to buy all of my paintings,” I said self-depreciatingly. 
“You need to tell your sister that she has to start pulling her own weight,” said Seline. 
“I know. She said she’s looking for a job. I’ll have to speak to her again,” I replied.
“I can do it for you,” offered Seline with an evil glint in her eye. She’d been dying to tell Jenny to buck her ideas up for a while but I knew I needed to get a backbone and do it myself.
“It’s fine but thank you. I’ll have a word with her,” I said.
By the time I left the coffee shop I was feeling a little better. The house was quiet when I returned home and there was a key on the table in the hallway. My heart fell into my stomach. Next to it was money and a short note.
Beth. Here’s the rent I owe you up to the end of the month. Sorry I couldn’t wait around to say goodbye. See you around. Dominic.
I read the note again and flipped it over, expecting more. That was it? I had just spent the past few hours crying over him and that’s all he could come up with. Didn’t he care about me at all? I guessed not. After reading the note for a fifth time, I scrunched it up and flung it in the bin. Fine. If he wanted to act like there was nothing between us then I would do the same. At least it would be easier to pretend not to care about him if he wasn’t in my home every night. Maybe this was for the best.
Digging out my paints, I blasted a Skunk Anansie song and started painting a new canvas, tunneling everything I was feeling into the art. It was heartbreaking and exhilarating. I stayed in my studio for hours, purging some of my deepest emotions and when I was finished, I was a wreck. The painting was the most honest work I had ever produced. It had started out as a landscape but had become chaos in colour, showing rage, vulnerability and tears all at once. It was late when I went to bed and when I got up the next day, I braced myself to face Dominic at work.
Luckily, I got through the day without even one glimpse of him. I wondered if he was avoiding me then stopped my thoughts in their tracks and forced myself to concentrate on the mural. Later in the day I overheard one of the secretaries on the phone explaining to someone that Jack was away on business for a few days and I wondered if Dominic had gone with him. My routine each day was the same after that. After I left work, I ate quickly and spent the rest of the night in my studio. At the end of the week I’d produced almost an exhibition’s worth of paintings. Some people went for a run to feel better, other people hit the bottle but I painted. It was the only thing that made me feel better. Painting was my therapy. 
Jack did text me during the week to apologise that he’d have to take a rain check on our date as he’d been called out of town on business. I was glad, as I’d completely forgotten about the date, after everything that had happened since our night out.
On Saturday morning, I was woken by loud banging on the door. I pulled on my nightgown and went down to answer it, almost expecting it to be Dominic saying he’d made a mistake and wanted to move back in. When I opened the door there were two heavily built men in black jeans and black leather jackets. They looked like bouncers. 
“Can I help you?” I asked suspiciously.
“Are you Beth Rawlins?” the taller of the men asked sternly.
“Why do you want to know?” I asked nervously.
Impatiently the man repeated, “Are you Beth Rawlins, as in Jenny Rawlins’ sister?”
My heart hit my throat. “Has something happened to her?”
“Not that we know of but she owes a lot of money and hasn’t been paying her debts. You’re her guarantor and we’re here to collect,” he said bluntly, waving a sheet of paper as he barged into my house.
“You can’t just come in,” I said. “You need a warrant or something.”
“We’re not the police,” the man barked. “Believe me, it’d be better for you if we were. Look, we can do this a few ways. Do you have any money?” he asked.
“No,” I said. “I don’t know anything about this. My sister wouldn’t get into debt.” Even as I said it, I knew it was a lie. “Are you loan sharks?” 
“Not quite, we’re the ones that collect for the loan sharks and your sister is up to her eyes in it.”
“How do I know you’re telling the truth?” I asked, attempting to appear brave. The man was bald and well built. He had a mean look and didn’t look like someone I should mess with.
He shoved the letter in front of my face. “See this? Is that your sister’s signature?” I recognised it from her passport and driver’s licence which I’d purchased for her. 
“Yes,” I admitted.
“See here? Here’s where she put you as the guarantor, if she doesn’t pay up. See that?” he asked as if I was stupid.
I nodded, my mouth open in shock and he said, “Good. Now we’re getting somewhere. She owes ten grand and that’s only going to go up if you don’t pay.”
Sucking in a breath, I said, “I don’t have ten thousand pounds.” How could she have spent ten thousand pounds? Then I remembered her trips abroad, which she said were for her dancing shows. She had also changed apartments but I hadn’t seen her new flat yet.
The smaller of the men, who looked even meaner and also had a shaved head, pushed me against the wall and said, “Well you better start thinking.” I realised then that they could do anything to me and nobody was there to help.
The taller man intervened and said, “We can do this the easy way or the hard way. You said you don’t have any money, so we’ll have to take items to the value of ten grand.” He looked in the living room and said, “Boys, take the television, music system and the couch. See what’s in the other rooms and upstairs.”
“You can’t just come in and take my things,” I shouted. “I’ll phone the police.”
“Listen love,” the taller man said in a low threatening voice while the other man held her against the wall. “We have a contract and we can take back what’s owed. It’s all legal. By the looks of it, you’re not even going be able to pay half this debt with what’s in your house, so I’d suggest you be nice. It’s in your interests to keep us on your side as we’ll be deciding how soon you need to pay the rest of it off. Is that car yours outside?”
All I could do was nod.
“Take the car. It isn’t worth much but we may as well take it,” he instructed his men.
“I can’t believe this is happening. I need to phone my sister,” I said in a panic and pulled myself from the smaller man’s hold. The men looked in every room and started carrying things out. I tried to call Jenny but her phone was switched off. Though I was tempted to phone Dominic, I thought better of it seeing as we weren’t on friendly terms anymore. I called Seline but it went to voicemail and I realised she was out of town this weekend. After leaving a frantic message for her, I followed the men around to see what they were taking.
The tall man was right, I didn’t have much. “What about the paintings?” a short chubby man asked which sent me into another panic.
“Take the frames. Leave the paintings, they’re not worth anything,” the taller man said to add insult to injury. 
“What about the paints?” the chubby man asked. 
“No. Please, you can’t take them. I’m an artist. I need them for work,” I pleaded.
The tall man considered this and said, “That’s your source of income? Your art?” He looked at the paintings then at me doubtfully. I nodded and felt embarrassed but also terrified that they would take my paints. “Well you’ll need to earn money if you’re gonna pay off your debt so we’ll leave the paints.”
They took some items of jewellery, not that I had anything of value. By the time they left, they had cleared out most of my living room but luckily they left my small dining table, chairs and kitchen appliances. Apparently, they weren’t allowed to prevent me being able to eat and clean. How generous. My stuff barely covered half of the debt and I had to agree to large payments each month to pay off the rest. I would need to get an extra job.
Seline called me later that day and after a trail of expletives about my sister, she offered to see if Joe could lend me some of the money, although a lot of his funds had been tied up in a new investment deal he’d recently signed. I thanked her but declined. This wasn’t his responsibility. She wouldn’t let it go until I promised I would come to her if I got desperate. This was up to me to get me out of this mess. However, I did except her offer to help me look for a second job, preferably of an evening so I could still work for Jack in the day.
It was a relief when she called a short while later and said Joe’s friend knew the manager of a hotel who was looking for an evening receptionist. “It’s not paid that well but at least it’s a nice hotel,” Seline said. 
“Yes, that would be amazing. I’ll do anything. Thank you,” I replied gratefully. 
“I wish we could do more for you,” Seline said, sadly. “If you need anything at all, let me know.” I was too embarrassed to tell her the men had taken my couch and most of my furniture. At least I didn’t really use the couch that much or watch television. Though I was upset about my record player, I could buy a new one of those eventually. They were just things and they could be replaced, I kept telling myself. I still had my paints, my cooking appliances, somewhere to eat and my bed. It was all I needed really. It was lucky Dominic wasn’t living with me or he would have been dragged into my mess. I was thankful he’d left when he did, even though I missed him at that moment. People like him didn’t need people like me bringing them down.
I called the manager at the Breckford Royal Hotel, which was a five-star venue in the town centre and as luck would have it, there was a shift the next day. I was glad I kept my black skirts and blouses from when I worked at the bank so at least I didn’t have to buy new clothes. When I got to the hotel the following day I realised it was just a ten-minute walk from Jack’s building so I could get there each evening after I finished my day job. An older woman called Cassandra worked on the reception and she was responsible for my training. She was chatty and kept me entertained with stories about her grandchildren so the time actually went by quickly. It was largely customer service and using the computer system, similar to what I’d done at the bank. It wasn’t what I wanted to do with my life but I kept telling myself it was only temporary until I paid off Jenny’s debt. 
My sister was still not picking up my calls or messages on social media. I would have been worried if someone hadn’t tagged her in a photo on a social media website drinking in a bar, like she didn’t have a care in the world. It made me angry that I was left to pick up her mess as usual and with the interest charges it would take me about six months to pay off the rest of the debt. The only silver lining was that I wouldn’t have the time or energy to think about Dominic. 
As I no longer had a car, I had to catch the night bus home after my first hotel shift which was a real eye opener. Although it was just after midnight, there were a few other people on the bus who looked like they were also travelling home after work. As expected, there were also people returning home after a night out. I put my headphones in my ears and feeling exhausted, I dreamed about my bed. This was going to be my life for the next six months and I had to get used to it.
When I was back in the office painting my mural the next day, I was feeling beyond tired and my flask of coffee was becoming my best friend. Jack hadn’t returned from his business trip yet and I must have been right in guessing that Dominic had gone with him as he wasn’t around either. At the end of the day, I got changed in the ground floor toilets of the office block. I stuffed a cereal bar into my mouth to curb the hunger as I walked fast to make my night shift at the hotel. 
“You came back,” Cassandra said when I arrived. “That’s good. We’ve had so many staff come and go, you never know who’ll come back after their first shift. Night working isn’t for everyone.”
“Oh it suits me fine,” I replied, sitting down at reception. “I have a day job, so this is perfect for me.”
“You have a day job and you’re working here of a night? You must be insane or desperate,” she said skeptically but with some sympathy.
“A bit of both I think,” I added smiling. She looked at me and waited but when I didn’t offer any more information, she let it go and updated me on the night’s tasks. Over the next few days my life felt like wash, rinse and repeat. Later that week I was finally getting around to starting the orange on the sunset on the mural when I felt a familiar tingle on my neck. I glanced down from the ladder I was standing on and Dominic was peering up at me. Pulling my headphones out of my ears, I made my way down the ladder. My breath caught as I took him in. He was as breathtaking as ever, though he looked a little tired.
He scrutinized me and said, “You’ve lost weight.”
“Hello to you too Dominic,” I said sarcastically but his assessing eyes were looking at me a bit too closely. If he asked me how I was, I knew I’d burst into tears. Before he could question me, I asked, “Did you find somewhere to live?”
“Yes. I found a flat not far from here actually. That’s what I wanted to talk to you about. I’m waiting for a package to arrive which I ordered a while ago but it was too late to redirect it to my new place. Could I come and pick it up when it arrives?”
“I can bring it into work for you. No problem,” I said quickly as I didn’t want him to see the house without any furniture.
“What’s the matter, am I banned from the house now I’ve moved out?” he asked suspiciously.
“It’s not that, I just thought I’d make it easier for you,” I lied. Dominic looked at me like he didn’t believe me.
“I best get back to my painting,” I said, to escape his probing gaze. Like he knew I was hiding something, he stood and watched me for a few moments but eventually walked off. My breathing was a little laboured and not from walking up the ladder. It purely Dominic’s effect on me. His presence always sent me off kilter.
Exhausted from my first week of working two jobs, on Saturday morning my bones felt like they weighed a tonne and I just wanted to stay in bed all day. I didn’t have any shifts at the hotel that weekend and I had never been so grateful to be snuggled inside my duvet. My peace was disturbed by a loud knock on the front door. My stomach dropped. What was it about Saturdays? They never brought good news. Surely there couldn’t be more bailiffs. I ignored it hoping it was a cold-caller and they’d go away but the knock continued, then I heard Dominic’s familiar shout through the letterbox. My heart sank. His package had arrived the day before and I was going to take it into work on Monday but it looked like he’d decided to pick it up anyway.
I grabbed my unicorn bathrobe and made my way downstairs, making sure I closed the living room door on the way. Opening the door with a smile, even though I was exhausted and wanted to go back to bed, I said, “Hi Dominic. I’ll go and get your package.” I needed to be quick before he had time to look around.
He smirked as he spotted the unicorns on my robe and then his smile faded as he said, “I came by last night but you were out.”
“Oh yeah. I had a thing,” I said. My tired brain couldn’t think of a good excuse quickly enough but I didn’t want to have to explain about my second job.
“A thing?” he asked, eyes narrowed, like he wanted me to elaborate.
“Yes. I’ll get that package for you now.”
Practically running into the kitchen to get the package, I heard him ask, “Where’s your car? Were you out drinking last night?”
“Oh yeah. I erm, I left it at the bar. I’d had a few too many drinks to drive.” The lies just kept rolling from my tongue and I felt a little guilty. 
“What the hell? Where’s all your furniture?” I heard him shout from the living room. My heart raced as I approached him. His eyes were darting around the room and he looked at me confused.
Handing him the package, I said, “I’m getting a new couch. The old one was looking a bit tatty.”
“Are you getting a new TV and a record player too?” he asked.
“The living room needed a facelift so I thought I’d do it all,” I replied, knowing my story sounded lame.
“Have you had a windfall or something? How much is Jack paying you exactly?” he joked. I felt embarrassed and upset because my circumstances were the opposite of what he was thinking.
“Is that all that you wanted?” I said a little abruptly, nodding toward the package.
“Yes. Why? Trying to get rid of me?” he asked coolly, though there was a tinge of hurt in his gaze.
“Not at all,” I answered politely. “I just thought you’d have things you needed to do that’s all.” His eyes roamed my face again like he was looking for some truth that I wasn’t telling him. “How’s Tara?” I asked to change the subject, even though it felt like a kick to the gut to ask about her.
Dominic looked surprised at my question and coughed. “She’s fine.” He was being equally as sharing as I was with personal information. “I’d better get going,” he said. Evidently, he didn’t want to answer any questions either. He glanced around quickly and a small poignant smile flickered across his face like he was recalling a fond memory then he was gone. At least I’d spoken to him now. The worst bit was over and I could act cordially around him, I told myself. If only my heart didn’t feel like it was shattering when I spoke to him. It was just a longing for our friendship or at most a stupid crush, I would get over it. Seeing as I was living alone now, I decided to put on my skimpiest shorts and vest top to paint, just because I could. Cranking up the volume on phone, I sang along to the Yeah Yeah Yeahs as I threw my pent-up rage into my art.
If I thought I was immune to Dominic’s presence, I came to realise I was mistaken. Over the next week, I saw him a lot at work. Usually I felt his presence before I actually saw him and when I did, he was always staring at me with a wistful expression. It seemed as though he wanted to come and speak to me but held himself back which if I was being honest was actually for the best. Apart from having lost a bit of weight he was looking as put together as always. His expensive clothes were impeccable, and his sandy hair was always styled neatly in a side part, though it was starting to grow a little longer at the back, almost touching his collar, not that I was talking notice or anything.
Working two jobs was also taking its toll and I was even struggling to fit meals around work. I repeated my mantra that it was only for six months but sometimes the thought made me cry. It felt like it’d be forever until I’d have my life back. If only there were more hours in the day, I might get some decent sleep. I longed for the weekends when I could lie in bed and catch more than five hours of sleep. 
The hotel where I worked was the most luxurious, almost ostentatious, place I’d ever seen and during quiet moments, I’d dreamily stare at the large chandeliers and plush red carpet, wondering what it would be like to be able to afford to stay there as a guest. The guests generally didn’t pay me any attention. Some were a little entitled, others were outright rude. Cassandra filled me in on the regular guests who came to the hotel to carry out extra-marital affairs. Life was so busy with work and painting that the weeks flew by. I still hadn’t heard from Jenny and I knew now she was ignoring my calls but was sure she’d be back in touch if she needed something. Due to my lack of time and money, I had no social life which meant my weekends were filled with painting. On the plus side, I was building up an art collection that I would have loved to exhibit, if I ever got the time or opportunity.
“Right, you’ve been a recluse for too long,” said Seline over the phone one Saturday evening. “You’re all work and no play. You’ll burn out you know, plus you need fattening up. There’s this great bistro that’s just opened in town. It’s all arty. Just up your street.”
I looked down at my dungarees which were feeling a little looser than they used to and sighed. “I can’t Seline. I’m busy.” I was painting, like I had been doing every Saturday for the past few weeks, trying to make up for the time I was losing during the week now I had an evening job.
“Look I’m paying and I’ll pick you up at seven so be ready.” Seline put the phone down before I could argue. I didn’t feel up to going for a meal but I was even less in the mood for a battle with Seline. Trying on my dresses that evening, I realised I had lost some weight. I vowed to make sure I was eating properly from now on. Maybe going out for a meal was what I needed. Opting for a blue vintage wraparound dress that tied at the waist, I left my hair loose for a change, creating some curls to try and tame it a little. As promised Seline arrived in a taxi at seven o’clock sharp. The bistro was really cute, not flashy at all but very inviting. The tables and chairs, made of distressed wood, looked antique. Vintage coloured glass vases with candles inside were placed on top of each table and on the walls were works of art. There was an upstairs mezzanine area where an exhibition of art was on display. The place was wonderful and tingled all of my creative sensibilities. 
“I knew you’d love it,” Seline squealed as she saw my expression and I couldn’t help my smile.
“I wonder what the food’s like,” I added, not wanting to give her too much satisfaction, seeing as she’d railroaded me into coming out. She still looked smug. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was relaxed. I had to admit Seline was right, this was what I needed.
“You know, I have enough paintings now for an exhibition,” I said matter-of-factly and then eyed the upstairs mezzanine.
“Really?” Seline said, pretending she wasn’t already aware that I had been painting like a madwoman and that this place had an exhibition area for artists. “What a coincidence,” she added and popped some lettuce into her mouth. Pointing her fork at me she added, “You should speak to the owner. She’s lovely. Ask her about the exhibition space.”
“I can’t just ask for exhibition space,” I said, appalled.
“Why not?” she asked.
“I don’t know. It’s cheeky. You have to be invited to do things like that.”
“Well if nobody sees your work, how would they know to invite you to exhibit it? You have to start somewhere,” Seline said all business-like. I forgot she was basically a mogul in the making and huffed, knowing she was right.
“Anyway, I already told Hayley you were looking to exhibit, so she’s expecting you to speak to her about it. I mean, it would be rude not to. She’d think you don’t like the place,” Seline added.
My mouth dropped open in surprise. “I can’t believe you spoke to her without asking me.”
Seline gave me an unimpressed look that told me I should know that’s exactly what she would do. “You need a push sometimes Beth. That’s what friends are for.”
I shook my head, “I know but it feels like I’m always coming to you for things. I’d like to do something for you for once.”
Seline’s next words came out in a rush of passion. “I have Joe. You’re on your own with no family, no boyfriend to back you up and give you a little helping hand when you need it. You have a sister who’s bleeding you dry and landed you in debt that you’re fighting to get out of all by yourself, which makes me feel guilty as hell just watching you work two jobs. This is the least I can do. Let me interfere once in a while, for my own conscience.” 
Her words made my heart swell. She had my back as always and I could feel my eyes water. Grabbing the napkin, I dabbed at my eyes. Seline made me feel like I was worth bothering about and that meant a lot. “Thank you. You’re a good friend.”
“I know,” she said confidently, though her eyes were glistening too. She gulped her glass of water and said, “Anyway, Hayley’s at the bar so no time like the present.” There was a dare to her voice and I knew I had no choice but to go up and ask the owner about the exhibition space. Bracing myself for rejection, I stood up and walked over to chat to the owner.
When I got back to the table after a five-minute conversation with Hayley, my friend looked at me expectantly. “Well, what did she say?”
I was a little shell-shocked as I mumbled, “I’m going to be holding an exhibition in two months’ time.”
Seline squealed and came around the table to give me a big hug. “This is just the beginning for you, I can sense it.”
I was excited and nervous at the thought of actually doing what I dreamed to do and holding my very own exhibition. 
Chapter 9

The thought of holding my own exhibition gave me a new sense of motivation. Cassandra must have noticed a change in me when I walked in to do my shift on Monday. “I want whatever you’ve been drinking,” commented Cassandra with a smile as I made my way behind the desk. “Have you won the lottery or something or maybe you got yourself a nice man over the weekend. Is that it?”
“Even better Cassandra. I’m going to have an exhibition of my paintings,” I answered proudly. “I still can’t believe it. I mean, I’ve got two months yet, so I suppose anything can happen until then but it’s the first bit of luck I’ve had in ages.”
“That’s great love. I’m happy for you,” Cassandra said, patting my hand like she was my own grandmother. Over the past few weeks she’d shared stories about her own family and how much they rely on her. In turn I’d divulged information about my home life, so she was aware of my circumstances. “You deserve a bit of luck love.”
“Thanks. It feels like I’m finally getting somewhere. I just need to figure out how to let people know about the exhibition,” I replied but I had a bit of time to work all that out.
The rest of the week went by without drama and I didn’t see much of Dominic. He looked a little frazzled whenever he passed by and I guessed it was due to it getting closer to launch time for their campaign. Occasionally I caught him looking at me from a distance and then he pretended he was looking at something else. I tried not to let it get me down. My exhibition had me fired up anyway. I’d heard Jack was expected to be away for a while longer sorting out some issue with one of his other branches out of town. His absence was adding a little stress on the teams who worked in the office. The mural was coming along well and now that it was taking shape, people started to compliment my work. When the weekend came, I worked on more paintings and tried to come up with a plan of how to publicise the exhibition. Painting came to me much more naturally than planning PR strategies. It was going to be more difficult to spread the word than I thought, especially as I was naturally quite introverted.
As I stepped off the ladder and placed down my paints the following Monday, I was stunned when Dominic walked over to me. He looked tired and his hair was disheveled, like he’d been up all night working. “Is everything okay?” I asked, concerned.
“Yes. Just busy. This campaign has literally taken over my life. Between that and wedding plans, there’s hardly any time to think.” It was the most honest he’d been with me in ages. 
“You’re nearly there. This is the final stretch now and it’ll all be worth it when the campaign launches.” I tapped his arm reassuringly. Dominic stiffened. I realised my error and pulled my hand away.
“So how’s everything with you?” he asked to move the conversation on quickly.
“Good. I have an exhibition coming up in just under two months,” I said and couldn’t help my smile.
He was stunned for a second and said, “Wow, that’s brilliant Beth. You’re doing it. I’m glad your paintings will finally be seen. You’re too talented to let it go to waste.”
It was my turn to be surprised. Before he could say anything else, we were interrupted by one of the co-workers on his team who needed Dominic’s help with a design issue and he seemed a bit reluctant to leave our conversation. I was not going to look into that too much. There were other important things to think about, like how I was going to actually get people to come along to my exhibition. 
Later that week I’d just got to my evening job and was sitting at the reception desk of the hotel when I heard a familiar voice. “Beth, what are you doing here?” There was bewilderment in Dominic’s tone as he looked down at me. I was just as shocked to see him there. It was like the world kept throwing him into my path.
My name badge gave the game away what I was doing there, even if sitting behind the reception desk didn’t. “I work here,” I replied matter-of-factly like it should have been obvious. Cassandra came out of the back office and sat beside me, having no qualms about listening in. Dominic looked irritated at the intrusion and I hoped it would put him off questioning me further but I wasn’t that lucky.
“Yes I realise that but why? How long have you been working here?” he asked.
Deciding his second question was easier to answer I said, “A couple of months.”
“Do you work here every night, after you leave the office?” he asked incredulously. 
“Not every night,” I sighed. “I work here five days a week.”
“Why?” he asked and glared at me.
“Ask that sister of hers,” replied Cassandra in an acerbic tone. I stared at Cassandra and willed her to be quiet but she wouldn’t. “What love? It’s not your fault you’ve got to work two jobs because she landed you in debt with the bailiffs. That’s on her. She should be paying it herself.”
I knew Cassandra was trying to help but I didn’t want Dominic to know any of this.
“How much debt?” Dominic asked me, looking shell-shocked.
“Ten grand,” Cassandra cut in.
“Ten thousand pounds?” Dominic shouted. Luckily there were no guests in reception.
“Why are you here anyway?” I asked, feeling embarrassed and trying to change the subject.
“I was at a business meeting. How does she owe ten thousand pounds and why the hell are you paying it?” Dominic asked angrily.
Knowing he wouldn’t leave without making a scene unless I told him, I said quietly, “I don’t know how she owes it. The first I heard of it was when the bailiffs turned up. Apparently she put me down as a guarantor. I haven’t been able to get in touch with her since.” My face was red with shame and I hated that he knew about this.
He stared at me like he wanted to throttle someone and then he looked like something had just occurred to him. “Is that why you had no television or sofa?”
Looking around to check no guests were nearby who might have overheard, I sighed. “Yes.” My face flamed even more.
“Your car. They took your car as well?” he asked.
I nodded, looking resigned. At least it was out in the open now, so he knew how rubbish my life was. I was sure Tara would get a good laugh out of it.
“Why didn’t you tell me? When I came around that day? You should have told me Beth. I could have helped.” He’d gone from annoyed to irate.
“It’s not your place to help me Dominic. I had to sort it myself,” I tried to explain calmly. Apart from the fact that he had just recently moved out and I didn’t think he’d care to be brought into it.
“That was nearly two months ago. You’ve been working like this for two months?” he hissed. “It’s too much Beth. That’s why you’ve lost so much weight. Are you even eating?” he asked concerned.
“I tell her that all the time,” Cassandra chirped in. “There’ll be nothing left of her.” I rolled my eyes. She was supposed to be on my side, not agreeing with Dominic. She was such a traitor. “I keep telling her she needs a nice young man to look after her,” Cassandra said pointedly looking a Dominic, whose cheeks seemed to flush a little. 
“Cassandra, wasn’t there something you needed to do in the back?” I asked her and nodded my head toward the back office as a hint.
“Nope. I don’t think so,” she replied with a knowing smile. “I think I’m needed out here.” She settled herself in, nice and comfy in her chair, as if we were a fun show to watch.
“We need to talk,” Dominic said. “There’s been a lot going on and I haven’t really caught up with you properly since I left. I should have made it my business to know what was happening.” 
“Dominic, you don’t owe me anything. You were my lodger. I don’t expect anything from you. I’m a grown woman and I’m sorting out my problems on my own.”
“Just like you always have to,” he said somberly. “Sorting out your sister’s problems.”
A couple who regularly frequented the hotel walked in and our conversation was interrupted, as I served them. I tried not to feel self-conscious at Dominic watching me. When I glanced across at him, he looked a little guilty. He leaned across and whispered, “We’re going to have that talk. I’ll see you in work.” At that he walked out and I breathed a sigh of relief.
When the couple had left to go to their rooms, Cassandra was eyeing me knowingly. “What?” I asked.
“That boy has feelings for you,” Cassandra said. 
“No, he doesn’t. He’s getting married,” I replied.
“Well he’s not marrying the right woman. Listen to someone who has a few more years’ experience under their belt love. He has feelings for you.”
“We were friends when we lived together, well some of the time anyway. That’s all it is and sometimes he feels sorry for me because of my sister,” I explained.
“Men don’t look at their friends the way he was looking at you,” Cassandra said patting my hand. 
I shook my head and tried to ignore what she was saying. If Cassandra had seen how perfect he looked with Tara, she’d realise how mis-matched Dominic and I were. Contrary to what Cassandra believed, I didn’t need a nice man to swoop in and look after me. Not that the word “nice” could be used to describe Dominic. He was a lot of things; stubborn, blunt, self-confident, protective even and of course sexy as hell, which I refused to think about. “Nice” wasn’t one of those things. 
The next day was Friday and I was hoping maybe Dominic wouldn’t be around at work and would have headed back down to London early for the weekend. When I felt that familiar tingle on my neck travel down my spine, I knew he wasn’t going to be in luck. With a sigh I turned around from where I was painting the bottom of the mural and Dominic was standing right behind me looking like a force to be reckoned with.
“I want to help you pay off your debt,” he blurted out, shocking me.
“No thank you. Absolutely not.” I placed the palette down and faced him.
“Don’t be stubborn Beth. Let me help you with this,” he demanded.
“No. Also, you’re currently paying off your wedding remember,” I reminded him.
“I have the money. The extra work I’m doing is to make sure we’re still comfortable afterwards,” Dominic reassured.
“I appreciate the offer but I don’t need it. It’ll be paid off in three months. I’m doing fine.”
“You’re not doing fine Beth. I don’t like you working two jobs and on top of that you’re trying to put an exhibition together. It’s too much. Let me help you. It can be a loan then, if you won’t take the money.”
“No. I’m already paying one loan off, I don’t want to then be in debt with another loan. I’m managing things fine,” I told him, getting slightly annoyed.
“I can tell you’re barely managing and you’re obviously not eating enough,” he said. I turned around to pick up my palette, wanting the conversation to be over and he grabbed my arm gently. He sighed resigned and said, “Look, if you won’t let me help you financially, let me at least help you with the exhibition. You’ll need help with the PR and I can make sure it’s a success.”
That actually sounded like a great idea but my stubborn heart was telling me not to accept because I needed to keep a distance from him. He must have seen a glint of interest at the idea and added, “It’ll take a lot of pressure off you so you can concentrate on your painting.” It really was such a tempting offer. 
“You really don’t have to do that,” I replied quietly, even though I knew I was going to accept his offer. He was a PR genius and I’d be a fool not to accept.
“I want to. So is that a yes? We’re agreed that I’ll help you with the exhibition promotion?” he asked.
“Okay, yes. Thank you,” I replied.
“Are you free tomorrow for me to come around and go through a plan?”
“Aren’t you going down to London for the weekend?” I asked.
“Not this weekend. I have a meeting I need to get to early on Monday morning. So how about tomorrow?”
“I’m working tomorrow. I do the occasional day during a weekend at the hotel,” I replied. He pressed his lips together as though stopping himself from expressing an opinion about that but his eyes told me he was annoyed, again. 
“How about Sunday then?” 
“Yes. Sunday’s good. After lunch maybe?” I was desperate for a lie in but I didn’t want to tell him that. 
“Fine. I’ll see you on Sunday.” With that he headed off and I was left wondering if I’d made the right decision or if I was replacing a complicated situation for an even more complex one.
Dominic arrived at lunchtime on Sunday, armed with enough food to feed a football team. “It’s to keep us going,” he said though he couldn’t have made it more obvious that it was because he thought I wasn’t feeding myself. Weekends were fine, it was weekdays that I struggled to fit in mealtimes.
His face was grim as he glanced at the living room that still had no furniture. “We can sit at the dining table,” I said brightly. 
We sat for hours going through plans for the campaign. I hadn’t realised how much went into making an event a real success. There were people to invite personally, invitations as well as posters to design and advertorials. The list went on and on. I’d planned on doing a few social media posts and hoped for the best. How wrong I’d been and Dominic made me realise that without the promotion there would have been very little point in holding the exhibition as my only guests would have been Seline and possibly her husband Joe if I was lucky. I also got see firsthand why Dominic was so good at his job. To say I was lucky to be getting his help, was an understatement. We also hadn’t argued, that much, during those hours.
“Have you heard from Jack at all while he’s been away?” Dominic asked out of nowhere.
“Not really. He sent me a text to say he was sorry that he missed our date but that’s it.” I didn’t admit that I’d been relieved as I would have had to tell Jack that there wouldn’t be anything developing between us beyond friendship. 
“How’s he doing?” I asked.
“Fine I think. A lot of work was needed in his other office. The manager hadn’t been pulling his weight and good staff were leaving in droves so he needed to stay to sort things out.” Dominic looked like he wanted to say more but was holding back. I looked at him expectantly waiting for him to continue. “I heard he started seeing someone while he was out there.” Dominic looked at me for my reaction to the news. If anything, I was relieved and I was happy for Jack that he’d found someone.
“That’s great. He’s a good guy,” I replied. Dominic was staring at me intensely as if trying to decipher if there was anything more that I wasn’t telling him.
He raised his eyebrows and said, “You’re really not bothered by it?”
“Why would I be? Jack was a good friend to me but we were never going to be anything more,” I said truthfully.
“Not sure he knew that,” replied Dominic. “He’s lucky he found someone then I suppose.”
“Well if he didn’t know it then I’d have reason to be upset,” I replied. “I think Jack’s more perceptive than you give him credit for. There’s a reason he’s so successful at business.”
“I suppose so,” replied Dominic. “So, there hasn’t been anyone else since Jack?” he asked.
“I’ve been working two jobs. Hardly time to be out dating,” I stated. “Plus, a woman in debt is hardly a great catch.”
Dominic shook his head. “You have no idea Beth,” he said with a sigh and quickly changed the subject back to the exhibition plans. It was the early hours of the morning by the time we decided to finish up and I was exhausted. Dominic had gotten to the point where he was starting to nod off while leaning on his hand. 
“I think we should call it a night,” I said. 
“Yes,” he jerked his back straight trying to wake himself up. When he stood, he grabbed his car keys off the table but looked sleepy.
My heart sank with fear. “You’re not going to drive home,” I screeched, grabbing his car keys. Thoughts of my parents dying in a car accident hit me and there was no way I was letting him drive this tired.
“What’s your problem?” he asked yawning but then it seemed to dawn on him. I’d told him the circumstances once and I really didn’t want to have to talk about it again.
“Get a taxi,” I said. 
“I can’t. I need my car first thing in the morning. I’ve got an early meeting.”
He thought for a minute and then said, “I could stay in my old bed, if you don’t mind. Maybe I could crash here for the night?”
“The bailiffs took your bed,” I replied, embarrassed.
“They what?” Dominic was outraged and looked like he wanted to murder someone. “I thought they couldn’t take things like that. It’s a disgrace.”
“They left me my bed but knew I lived on my own so I didn’t necessarily need more than one bed.”
“Well that’s good of them,” Dominic replied sarcastically. 
“Look, you’re barely standing up. You can have my bed. It’s the least I can do,” I said.
“And where are you going to sleep?” he asked.
“I can bunk on the floor. It’s no big deal,” I answered lightly. 
“No way. I’ll take the floor,” he replied.
“You’re a guest. You’re not sleeping on the floor,” I said.
“Fine, we can share the bed. Don’t look at me like that. We’ll be fully clothed. I’m sure we can be grown up about it. Plus, I think you’re too knackered to ravage me in my sleep,” he said with a tired but cocky smile.
The thought of being in bed with him, even fully clothed, made me nervous and I could feel my face blushing. “I don’t think that’s such a good idea.”
“Fine. Look, I’ll be okay driving honestly. I don’t live that far,” he said.
“No. You’re not driving.” I was adamant about it.
“Well I’m not letting you sleep on the floor,” his determined look told me he was adamant about that.
“Okay, we’ll share,” I replied reluctantly. 
To say it felt awkward climbing the stairs together was an understatement. The air felt weighted, even though we were both trying to be adult about the situation. I walked into my bedroom first and Dominic followed, lingering by the door. I quickly tidied my bra away that was hanging off the wardrobe door handle and was relieved that I’d changed my bed covers earlier that day. Dominic seemed amused at my frantic tidying and walked in, unbuttoning his shirt.
“What are you doing?” I screeched.
He blinked at me in confusion and said, “Getting ready for bed?” He said it slow, as though my brain had suddenly shut down, which of course it had.
“You’re not sleeping in here naked,” I said, hands on hips.
Dominic smiled at me and said, “I’m wearing a t-shirt under my shirt. If you would have given me a second you would have seen that. Also, I’m not commando, I’ve got boxers on under my trousers. You have seen a pair of boxers before?” He was mocking me.  
Feeling foolish, I nodded and retreated to the bathroom with my pyjamas clutched to my chest, to get ready for bed. It was a bit chilly so luckily I wouldn’t be too warm in my baggy flannel pyjamas. As I walked back into the bathroom, Dominic was smelling one of my perfume bottles. He put it down quickly as though he hadn’t intended to be caught. “Vanilla,” he croaked, a little embarrassed. “It reminds me of you whenever I smell that scent.”
My eyebrows hit my hairline in surprise that he remembered how I smelled. It sounded as though he meant it in a pleasant way. “It’s my favourite,” I said.
He grunted and walked past me in his white t-shirt and tight grey boxers. I tried not to look at his legs as he walked out to the bathroom, I really did but they were tanned with thick calf muscles. His arms were also strong and muscular. He also smelled divine when he walked past. Dominic fully clothed was heart-stopping but undressed he was truly potent. I knew this was a bad idea but it was too late to back out now. Of course he eyed my shapeless checked pyjamas with great amusement like he did all my clothes. I definitely did not have the same effect on Dominic that he had on me. A thought of Tara flashed across my mind and quashed the fire I could feel stirring inside. He was getting married and I needed to keep reminding myself of that fact. Unsure which side to get in because generally I just hogged the whole bed, I decided to opt for the side closest to the door so I could escape early the next day and brush my teeth before he smelled my morning breath. Snuggled in the blankets when he walked back in, I had tucked them in the middle right down my side to create two separate sleeping areas. He glanced at the dip in the middle of the bed and his lips tilted in a smile. “Worried I’ll molest you in the night?” he asked.
“Maybe I’m worried I might molest you. I’m a bed hogger,” I informed him.
“Good to know,” he said, flashing me his smile. He put his hands through his hair and rubbed his eyes, reminding me how tired he was. I pulled the cover back for him to get in and when he was bed, I switched off the lamp.
I held my breath for fear that he would hear how nervous I was. It was a long time since I’d been in bed with a man, though technically this was just sharing a sleeping space, so it wasn’t the same. My body wasn’t getting that message and was very aware of the heat radiating from his body just inches from mine. Why were men always so much warmer than women? If I were a man, I’d just keep myself wrapped up in my own big, warm arms. Taking a deep breath, I said, “Goodnight Dominic.”
“Goodnight Beth.” His voice sounded tense and I wondered if he found this as weird as I did. I tossed and turned for a bit trying to calm my nerves. I was eventually so exhausted from all the planning that day that I couldn’t stop my eyes from closing. 
When I blinked my eyes open, it was still dark outside. My face was pressed into the softest t-shirt I’d ever felt. It was warm and smelled woodsy. Snuggling my face in closer I pulled my arm tighter across the chest of the t-shirt I was cuddled into. My legs were wrapped around a pair of strong hairy male legs and there was a heavy arm holding me tight. Having never felt so safe and warm, I sighed in contentment as I nuzzled even closer. Suddenly the sleepy fog lifted from my brain and I blinked my eyes open again. My mouth was dribbling on Dominic’s pectoral which was luckily covered in his t-shirt. Panicking, I tried to ease myself away from his body but his arm clasped around me tighter. He was still asleep and I heard him murmur then felt a kiss on the top of my head. This was not good. I needed to unravel myself from Dominic’s body before he woke up and found me draped all over him.
I felt Dominic take a deep breath as he smelled my hair and then his body went still. It was too late. He’d woken up. A few seconds went by where neither of us said anything, as though we weren’t sure whether to acknowledge that we were wrapped around one another. Heart racing, I slowly lifted my head and my eyes met his. Dominic’s eyes were dilated with a look of hunger as he glanced at my mouth. Entranced, I knew I needed to force myself to move but I couldn’t. If anything, I found my head moving towards his as he pulled me in tighter. Thoughts of Tara quickly entered my mind and I caught myself before my mouth reached his. Shaking my head, I pulled away from him. 
“You’re getting married,” I said hoarsely and sprung away to sit at the edge of the bed with my back to him, my breathing laboured. It took all of my strength not to turn back around and kiss him. I was ashamed of how I felt.
Dominic was quiet for a moment behind me and then I felt the bed shift as he got out. He walked past me, picked up his clothes and went to the bathroom. I stayed where I was as the shower went on. Still I didn’t move when the bathroom door opened and Dominic’s footsteps descended the stairs quickly. He didn’t say “goodbye” as he left and I was grateful because I wasn’t sure what I would have said to him. Shocked at myself for draping my body all over his and for almost kissing him, I did what had worked for me in the past and tried to ignore it. I tried to set aside the feelings he stirred in me and blocked the pang in my chest when I thought of Dominic marrying Tara. He wasn’t mine and he never would be, even if his eyes told me a different story.
Chapter 10

“Can we talk?” Dominic walked up to me as I was finishing for the day. I wasn’t sure if he’d speak to me after leaving my house that morning without saying a word.
“I was just on my way to work,” I replied awkwardly and he looked unhappy at the reminder that I have another job.
“I’ll walk with you.” He left no room for discussion.
“Fine. I’ll just get changed and I’ll meet you outside,” I said.
“I’ll wait here for you,” he said with his eyes narrowed as though he didn’t trust me to meet him outside. I sighed and went into the toilets to wash the paint from my hands and changed into the outfit I usually wore for the hotel. Dominic was waiting for me as I walked out. He looked me over and glanced at my legs, raising an eyebrow. I was wearing a black pencil skirt, blouse and a jacket. It wasn’t my usual style and felt more like a uniform. Absently, he placed his hand on my back and guided me to the lift. He didn’t even seem to realise he had his hand on me. When the lift doors closed, he stood to my side and stared down at me. 
“About this morning…” he started.
“It was a misunderstanding. We were both half asleep,” I replied quickly.
“A misunderstanding?” he asked. “So you didn’t mean to nearly kiss me then?” he asked bluntly.
“You mean you nearly kissed me,” I replied indignantly. It wasn’t all one sided.
“Really? I seem to remember you being wrapped around me like a blanket.”
“You’re warm and I must’ve been cold in the night,” I said defensively.
“I guess your lips must’ve been cold this morning too eh? They must’ve needed warming up as well.” I found his challenge to be smug and it irked me. The doors opened to the ground floor and I stormed out.
As he caught up with me outside, Dominic sighed like I was being childish. “I was just trying to make light of the situation Beth. I don’t want things to be awkward.”
“They won’t be awkward. Like I said, we were both half asleep,” I replied.
“Except I wasn’t half asleep,” he said resolutely. 
I stopped walking and faced him. “What am I supposed to do with that information Dominic?” My emotions were all over the place and he wasn’t making it easier.
“I don’t know,” he said running his hands through his hair in a nervous reaction that was unlike him.
“You are still getting married, right?” I asked.
With his hands in his pockets, he looked at his feet and gave a reluctant nod.
“So there’s nothing more to say about it. It was a mistake. It wasn’t even a mistake it was an almost mistake. It was something that never happened. It was something that we never need to talk about because it never happened.” I was rambling and Dominic looked at me guiltily.
“In another life, things might have been so different. With Tara and the wedding, everything’s planned and we have all these plans and things.” Now he was the one rambling.
“I get it. You have your plans. Can we please just forget about this?” I walked on, mortified that he was trying to make me feel better. Cringing, I walked faster, hoping he’d give up and let me walk on my own but he stayed at my side. I wrapped my jacket around me against the wind. The evenings were getting darker much earlier and the weather was getting colder now that winter was approaching. I didn’t want to be outside arguing with Dominic.
“What time to you finish?” Dominic asked as we got to the hotel doors.
“Midnight. Why?” I asked.
“Do you usually get an Uber or a taxi?” he asked.
“There’s a night bus. I usually get that,” I said and reached to open the door to the hotel. 
He grabbed my arm before I could grab the handle. “You get the night bus?” he asked angrily. “What the hell Beth. You shouldn’t be getting the bus at that time of night on your own. It’s not safe.” He was starting to shout and some of the guests entering the building gave him funny looks.
“Stop shouting Dominic. The bus is fine. There are usually a few people going home at that time.”
I went to walk past him again and he stood in my way. His face was furious as he looked down at me. “I don’t want you getting the night bus Beth. I’m picking you up.”
“No. You’re not. That’s ridiculous Dominic. I’m a grown woman and I don’t need a babysitter,” I replied getting annoyed at him being so high handed. 
“Get a taxi then,” he demanded. 
“You know I can’t do that. What’s the point of me working another job if I spend all the money on taxis? I’ve been doing this for months. It’s not an issue.” I tried to walk around him but he stood in my way. 
Dominic shook his head and said, “I can’t believe you’ve been getting the night bus after work. Seriously, you’re lucky something hasn’t happened to you. I move out and you lose all sense of self preservation.” 
I took a deep breath to calm myself and said, “Stop treating me like a child. Please move or I’m going to be late then I won’t have a job at all.”
“Only if you agree to let me pick you up. I’m not taking no for an answer Beth,” he said.
“You’re being dramatic Dominic. What are you going to do, pick me up every night after work? Come on, that’s ridiculous,” I said.
“Not if it means you’re safe it’s not. That’s exactly what I’ll do. I’ll see you tonight,” he replied and moved to the side to let me past.
Watching him walk away leaving no room for argument, I couldn’t believe he could be so pigheaded. Shaking my head as I walked in the hotel foyer, I spotted Cassandra smirking at me. I could tell she’d been spying and I narrowed my eyes at her. She made a gesture of zipping her mouth and throwing away the key. I didn’t believe for one second that she wasn’t going to ask what Dominic and I had been arguing about outside. A few seconds later she said, “That boy has it bad for you love.”
“No he doesn’t. He’s getting married. I told you.” I scowled. I was sick of talking about Dominic getting married. His life was entangled in mine in a way that I knew wasn’t healthy. I just needed his help promoting the exhibition at the moment and I kept telling myself that’s all it was. 
Cassandra raised her eyebrow like she thought I was talking through my backside and rolled her eyes. “Young people. They learn at some point,” she muttered. “Let’s hope you don’t leave it too late and you come to your senses before he makes it down the aisle with that other woman.” Choosing to ignore Cassandra, I got on with my work. I didn’t have the time or the headspace to think about Dominic’s forthcoming nuptials. My energy levels were zapped and I just needed to keep going so I could dig myself out of the mess my sister had gotten me into. 
After my shift, Dominic was waiting for me outside in his car just as he’d promised. I walked over to him and got in, not wanting to make a scene. He smirked and I pointed at him. “I’m getting in because I don’t want another argument outside work but I’m serious Dominic, I don’t want you picking me up every night.”
“I won’t. You can get an Uber on the nights that I don’t pick you up,” he replied.
“We already discussed this,” I said.
“No we didn’t, not properly. You don’t have to pay for it. I’ll pay and I’ll only have to do that if I can’t pick you up.” He started the engine and turned the music up so I couldn’t say anything. I stared at him and wondered how I was going to get through to him. There was so much wrong with what he was doing that I didn’t know where to start. 
“Stop overthinking it Beth. I’m just a friend giving you a lift. Friends do that for each other,” he said dismissively.
“Friends don’t almost kiss Dominic. This is weird. We can’t keep doing this,” I said.
“Doing what?” he asked.
“Being in each other’s lives like this. You can’t sweep in being all caring and helping me out all the time. It’s confusing,” I whispered. My heart was hammering in my chest. He was a good person and he’d never be mine. He cared for me but not enough.
He shook his head, “I can’t help it Beth. I want to make sure you’re safe. Just let me do this. Let me be a friend. You don’t have to do everything on your own.”
Was he right? Was I overthinking it? At least I would get home earlier and maybe have time to eat before bed, which would be nice. I sighed and stared out of the window.
Even though I couldn’t see it, I could tell Dominic was smirking again. “You’re welcome,” he said in a smug voice, happy that he’d won. I huffed, folded my arms and ignored him all the way home. We continued the same routine for the rest of the week and each night he would drop me off at home. If he was tired, he never mentioned it. That weekend he didn’t go back home but came to mine on Saturday afternoon to go through the plans for the exhibition. It felt like he was doing too much for me and I felt guilty that I couldn’t do anything to help him in return. 
“Thank you for helping me,” I said, as we were in my studio deciding which paintings to exhibit. 
“Well you needed it. I can’t believe your idea of PR was just posting a couple of posters up in the newsagents.” He shook his head but was smirking at me. I rolled my eyes. We couldn’t all be marketing geniuses. “Where are all your frames?” he asked.
“The bailiffs took them,” I replied, embarrassed. “I’ll get new ones,” I added quickly.
He looked at me with pity which turned to anger. “They took your frames but not your paintings?”
“Well they said the frames were worth money. Luckily for me they left the paintings.” I smiled tightly and tried to make light of the situation.
“Idiots. People don’t know talent when they see it. They’ll be gutted when these start selling.” Dominic didn’t smile but looked serious.
“Yeah right,” I joked but he continued looking at me.
“They’re really good Beth. Don’t undersell yourself.”
“I’m not,” I said and moved to plug my phone in to play music just to get away from his gaze.
Dominic stood in front of a painting of a sunset in New York. I’d never been and neither had my parents, so I’d decided to paint them into the picture. They were two silhouettes holding on to each other looking out at a red sunset. It made me feel like I’d somehow managed to take them there, even though I knew that was silly. 
“This one’s quite romantic,” Dominic said as his eyes glanced over the silhouettes. “Is this you?” he asked suspiciously.
“No,” I replied. “It’s my parents. They never got a chance to go in real life.” The thought made me tearful. There were a lot of things they would never have the chance to do and it hurt to think about. They would never see my art being exhibited but I felt their love of life and goodness came through in my work.
“I’m sorry,” Dominic said.
“It’s fine,” I replied. 
“Here was me getting a little jealous thinking you’d been on a romantic trip to New York with some bloke,” he joked. 
I was surprised at his acknowledgement of being jealous but it also left me confused again. He shook his head realising he’d said the wrong thing and turned back to the painting. 
“Do you really like it?” I asked.
“It’s breathtaking,” he said as his eyes roamed across the canvas. 
“It’s yours,” I said resolutely. 
“What?” he asked.
“It’s yours. You can have it. If you like it, and you weren’t just trying to flatter me,” I replied feeling self-conscious.
“You know me better than that.” He raised an eyebrow at me and looked serious. I knew he was telling the truth. “I can’t take it though. You need it for the exhibition.”
“No. I want you to have it. It’s special and I’d rather it go to someone who actually likes it and who knows that my parents are in it, than sell it.”
He looked back at the painting and smiled then replied, “Only if you’re sure.”
It was the least I could do. Although it didn’t really pay him back for everything he had done for me lately, it held a lot of sentimental value and it felt like I was giving him a piece of myself. The reverent look on his face as he stared at the painting told me he knew that.
Chapter 11

I was surprised to see Jack in work on Monday while I was busy painting. I was just a couple of weeks away from finishing the mural. It was more intricate than anything I’d ever done before and there were times when I wasn’t sure if I was up to the task. The walls were huge but I had to admit the feature had made a big difference to that space.
“Jack, it’s good to see you. How’s it going? I heard you’ve been busy sorting out issues at your other office,” I said.
He looked at me sheepishly. “It’s good. There was a lot to do. I’m sorry I never messaged you about going on another date.”
“It’s fine. Anyway, I heard you’re seeing someone. I’m really happy for you,” I said honestly.
His eyebrows raised in surprise and he looked relieved. “Thank you Beth. I wasn’t sure if you knew. It wasn’t expected at all and we just clicked. Her name’s Sarah. You’d like her. She shares your passion for art.”
“Oh well, I hope I get to meet her someday. You deserve happiness Jack. I’m genuinely happy for you.” I didn’t feel any weirdness about the situation at all and it was the truth. I was happy that he’d found someone. If only I could find someone and get over my strange feelings for Dominic. All the time we’d spent together lately hadn’t done anything to dampen down my crush. If anything, him being so nice to me had ignited it. So long as I didn’t act on it, I’d be fine. The almost kiss never actually turned into a kiss, so I was still safe.
As though he heard my thoughts, Dominic walked towards us. He scanned the scene with those intelligent eyes and stopped in front of me. “Beth,” he said in his deep voice that seemed to vibrate through me and nodded in greeting. Why couldn’t he have a squeaky voice? That would certainly kill my crush. My face flushed and Jack looked between us. Dominic turned his attention then to his boss. “Jack. It’s great to see you back. Beth’s done a great job with the mural hasn’t she?”
“It’s absolutely wonderful, even better than I imagined. It’s like you brought the outside indoors,” Jack said to me. 
“You know Beth has an exhibition coming up soon. You should bring Sarah long,” said Dominic. His brazen PR tactics made me feel a bit embarrassed but he didn’t seem phased at all. It didn’t escape me that he invited Jack’s girlfriend and I wondered if he was making sure I remembered Jack was now attached. 
“Really? That’s fantastic. Let me know the date and I’m sure Sarah would love to come, if you’re okay with that?” he asked me.
“Yes of course. The more the merrier. It’ll be better than me standing around on my own all night,” I said.
“Are you coming along Dominic?” Jack said.
“Of course. I wouldn’t miss it,” Dominic replied.
“Great. If you bring Tara along, I’ll introduce Sarah,” Jack said in his usual friendly manner. The mention of Tara poured water over my excitement and I couldn’t help my smile drop. It was ridiculous. She was Dominic’s fiancée and I couldn’t pretend she didn’t exist.
Dominic’s smile also fell and he glanced at me quickly before he said, “I think she’s busy that weekend.”
“Ah, all the wedding planning,” Jack said smiling and patted Dominic’s arm. 
Dominic coughed uncomfortably and said, “Yes. It’s pretty busy.” Excusing myself from the conversation, I picked up my paints and wished they would talk about their love lives elsewhere.
“Is she coming up any time soon? I know you’ve been spending a lot of weekends here to get things finished up with the campaign,” Jack said.
There was a pause and Dominic didn’t immediately answer. I held my breath and paused while I pretended to mix my paint on the pallet, though I was secretly hanging on every word. In a quiet voice, Dominic said, “She’s coming up this weekend.”
I almost dropped my palette as his words struck me. Dominic wasn’t mine and the reminder of that was like a punch in the chest. All the time we had been spending together had confused me and I was starting to fear that my heart wouldn’t be able to handle it when he eventually got married. I put my headphones on to zone out their conversation and though I could feel Dominic’s eyes burning into the back of my neck, I didn’t turn around. That night Dominic picked me up after my hotel shift as usual. His face was tense as I got in the car. I gave him a quick smile, after all he was doing me a massive favour by giving me a lift home. Really, I just wanted to tell him I’d get the bus but I knew we’d have the same argument as the last time, so I didn’t bother. I also didn’t want him to think I was bothered by the fact that Tara was coming to visit that weekend, even though I felt gutted. Dominic looked guilty and the silence was uncomfortable as he drove. I was about to make small talk just to fill the gap when he finally spoke. “I should have mentioned Tara was coming this weekend. Sorry you heard that from Jack.”
I smiled at him weakly, though I could feel tears brimming and for some reason there was a little pain in my chest. Maybe I was feeling tired and needed sleep, that must have been why I was being over emotional. “You don’t have any reason to tell me when you’re seeing your fiancée Dominic,” I replied and tried to ignore the lump in my throat. It was true. This was my issue and I had to get over it. Yes, there was evidently some chemistry between us and the lines had become blurred, especially when we slept in the same bed but I needed to learn from that. In fact, it was a good thing Tara was coming as it reminded me that he was spoken for. He wouldn’t be around forever and would eventually move back down to London to live his life.
Dominic gave me a pained look. “I should have mentioned it,” he said resolutely. 
“Does Tara know you’ve been giving me a lift and helping me?” I asked.
He shook his head guiltily. “She wouldn’t understand Beth. Our friendship means a lot to me and she doesn’t get it. I haven’t told her but I will.”
“She won’t be happy,” I said. We both knew Tara didn’t like me and there was no point in pretending.
“Tara’s just not used to me having a female friend.” He winced like the words didn’t quite feel right and my chest felt tight with a yearning I didn’t want to acknowledge. The intense look on his face told me he was feeling something similar. What we had was more than friendship but neither of us could ever admit that.
“I suppose it’s a bit strange. Especially as we used to live together.” I tried to make light of the situation. 
“I also meant to say that as she’s coming on Friday, I won’t be able to pick you up. I’m really sorry.” Dominic said regretfully.
“Dominic, it’s fine. I can make my own way home. You don’t have to pick me up at all. I’ve told you that,” I said to reassure him.
“I’ll book you a taxi,” he responded quickly.
“There’s no need Dominic. You’ve done too much already.” We pulled up outside my house and he looked straight at me.
“I’m not having this argument again Beth. I’m booking you a taxi. Let me do this.”
I nodded and let the subject go then got out of the car. So he wouldn’t think I was ungrateful, I ducked back down before closing the door and said, “Thank you Dominic.”
In the nights that followed, the conversation was more and more strained on the journey home. As Friday drew closer Dominic seemed to grow more tense. On Friday morning I was feeling a little out of sorts. Everything seemed to go wrong that morning. I forgot my phone and my purse which I had intentionally placed together on the dining table so I wouldn’t forget them. At least I’d remembered my lunch as I wouldn’t have been able to buy anything without money. 
I hadn’t seen Dominic at all and I guessed he was spending the day waiting for Tara to arrive. To keep my mind busy, I threw myself into the artwork. The hotel was also bustling when I arrived for my night shift. Cassandra had called in sick which meant I was looking after reception on my own. As Friday nights were one of our busiest, I was exhausted by the time my shift finished. I couldn’t wait to take off the uncomfortable heels I was wearing with my skirt and blouse. Unfortunately, when I got to the taxi pick-up area at the side of the hotel, there was no vehicle waiting for me. The company had probably called to say it was on its way but I didn’t have my phone to check. I pulled my thin jacket around me trying to keep out the cold and walked up to the main road in case it was parked further up the street but there was no sign of the taxi. At this time the roads were busy with people on nights out so it was probably caught in traffic. After a while it still hadn’t arrived and I started to worry. Walking back to the entrance of the hotel, I tried the front doors but they were locked. I peered in but the reception was closed and the entrance for guests was by key fob only at that time. My choice was to wait a while longer in the hope the taxi arrived or walk home as quickly as possible. Hearing people shouting coming out of bars nearby I thought my safest option was to get moving before it got really late. The night bus had gone and I didn’t have any money anyway. It was only a 40-minute walk but maybe it would be less if I walked fast, so I started moving.
A few roads in and my high heels were slowing me down. My feet were also throbbing. Stopping at a bench I grabbed my Converse trainers I’d worn earlier that day out of my rucksack and sat down to change my shoes. The wind picked up and I pulled my jacket even tighter around me. If I walked faster, I would get warm, so I got up and tried to pick up my speed. The route home wasn’t exactly the nicest part of town. There were some dodgy areas along the way. A couple of times I had to take a slight detour when I saw a few groups of young men hanging around, my instincts telling me that whatever they were doing loitering at that time probably wasn’t good. Feeling a bit anxious, I started to curse Dominic for promising to call me a taxi and then leaving me stranded but I realised that it was me who was to blame for placing myself in the hands of someone else. I promised myself to never do that again. Then I worried maybe something had happened to Dominic as he wasn’t the sort to forget when he made a promise to someone. 
Footsteps suddenly sounded behind me making me panic but before I could run, out of nowhere I was pushed from the back and fell to the floor. My arm was pulled behind me and my brain caught on too slowly that someone was trying to get at my rucksack. Lifting to my knees I swung my fist backwards and tried to stand up but felt a blow to the back of the head. Someone had punched me and I crashed to the floor by the force. Stunned, I only just registered the bag being pulled. “There’s nothing in it,” I croaked, holding my throbbing head where I’d been hit. “There’s no money. Just dungarees and heels.” 
I felt a kick to my ribs and pain burst through my side. “Shut up,” threatened the man who was stocky and wore a black coat with a hood that showed only his mean eyes.
As I scrambled in fright to free my arms from the straps of the bag, he must have thought I was fighting back and shouted, “Stay down and give me the bag.” He punched me to the side of the face and I felt my arms go limp as the bag was pulled away. 
In a haze I lifted my head and could feel wetness on the side of my cheek as I heard the man running away. My heart was racing as I held my side and felt like I was going to vomit. Listening out to make sure nobody else was nearby, I clambered to my feet and started running. Realising my door key had been in the bag the man stole, I changed direction to head towards Seline’s. She had a spare key and I just hoped she was in. I wiped my sleeve against my injured cheek and could see a trace of liquid glistening with blood. This was exactly what Dominic had always warned me about and each time I’d told him I would be fine. I felt so stupid and angry that I couldn’t stop that man taking my bag. 
In agony, I felt pretty sorry for myself as I ran towards Seline’s. The roads were silent apart from the odd car driving past. I knew I must have looked a scary sight and could already feel a lump forming on the back of my head and on my cheek. My ribs felt like they were being stabbed by knives and I just hoped they weren’t broken. Finally, I got to Seline’s road and I nearly burst into tears of relief when I reached her house. Thankfully her car was in the driveway, so it was likely she was home. Ringing the doorbell, I felt bad for waking her up but she was the only one with a spare key to my house. When I saw her hallway light come on through the frosted glass of her large wooden front door, I nearly collapsed with relief.
“Beth? What the hell?” she screeched rubbing her eyes to wake up. When she looked at me, her eyes widened in shock and she shouted, “What happened to you?”
“It’s a long story. Sorry for waking you up but I’m locked out. Do you still have my key?” I asked.
“Yes. Come in. What happened to your face? You look like you’ve been in a fight.” Seline closed the door behind me and looked at me with concern.
I told her what had happened and she said, “This is Dominic’s fault. Bloody men. You can’t rely on them. Wait until I get my hands on him.”
“It’s not his fault Seline. I was stupid and forgot my phone and my purse. I’m such an idiot.”
“Your poor face. We’re going to get you cleaned up but I need to take photos of your injuries first. We need to call the police and get you to the hospital to have your injuries checked out.”
“I’m fine,” I said, holding my head. It was throbbing at the back and the side. “I just need some painkillers if you have any.”
She took some quick photos of the back of my head. When she lifted my blouse, I winced in pain and Seline shook her head in anger. There was already a large bruise forming near my ribs and the skin was torn. I felt tired and so stupid for walking home. Seline called the police and an officer took some details over the phone then told me someone would come by the next day to get a statement but as I didn’t see the attacker’s face, there wasn’t a lot to go on. I convinced Seline that I didn’t need to go to the hospital as I was sure my ribs were just bruised. All I wanted to do was go to bed and she insisted that I stay the night so she could keep an eye on me. I didn’t have the energy to argue. 
I woke up the next day feeling like my body had been in an explosion. My cheek felt about ten sizes too big and my right eye wouldn’t open properly. Well that was just great. My ribs didn’t hurt so long as I didn’t breathe. I finally got home early afternoon and stumbled into the kitchen to pick up my phone off the dining table. There were fifteen missed calls, three voicemails and seven text messages, all from Dominic. The first call was at one o’clock that morning. In the first text he apologised and explained he’d gone to pick up Tara from the train station and had forgotten to order a taxi. As the texts went on, the messages got more and more irate, with Dominic asking where I was. Just as I was about to reply, the front doorbell rang. I answered the door and Dominic was standing there, glaring at me.
“Where the hell have you been?” he shouted and stormed past me into the house. Tara followed close behind him and looked at me up and down like I was something she had scraped off the floor.
Closing the door, so as not to have this conversation with my neighbours listening in, I walked into the living room. Dominic followed with a scowl on his face and Tara was behind him staring at me like she hated me in that moment. It was then that he noticed the side of my face for the first time. His eyes widened and his jaw dropped as an appalled look crossed his features. Gently he reached his fingers out towards my face but I instinctively recoiled and his hand dropped. “What the hell happened to your face?” he asked, shocked as he stared at the swelling and bruises.
“I was attacked walking home last night but I’m fine,” I replied, holding my hands up to appease him.
“You’re fine? Look at your bloody face. Who attacked you?” he asked, looking like he wanted to commit murder. 
“I don’t know. He hit me from behind and his face was covered. He took my bag,” I murmured.
“Hang on. You were walking home? I can’t believe you could be so stupid. I’ve told you so many times about that.” Dominic was shouting at me like I was a child and his face was red with rage. His anger made me feel worse and Tara gaped at him stunned as she watched her fiancé rant.
“What exactly did he do to you Beth?” Dominic asked seriously, breathing heavily, his fists clenched. I took a deep breath and told him as calmly as I could about the attack. I felt stupid explaining how I’d left my purse as well as my phone at home, which had caused the whole problem in the first place. 
Dominic paced up and down in anger then stopped in front of me. “You realise how lucky you are that it was just your bag he wanted don’t you?”
I swallowed and nodded sadly because the thought had crossed my mind, making me feel even more stupid. My head was pounding and I just wanted to go to bed.
“Did you call the police?” he asked. 
‘Yes. They said they’d come and take a statement,” I replied.
Dominic’s jaw jutted out like he wasn’t happy. “Have you been to the hospital?”
“I don’t need the hospital. I’ve got painkillers. I just need some sleep,” I responded, exhausted.
He stopped in front of me, took a deep breath and reached out again, his fingers gently caressing my bruised face. They trailed behind my hair and he moved close so he could inspect the injury at the back of my head. I winced when his fingers brushed over a tender spot.
“Sorry,” he whispered. “This is all my fault. I should have remembered to call the taxi. I’m so sorry Beth.”
“Why are you taking the blame? It’s not your fault she got attacked Dom,” Tara’s annoyed voice piped up from behind us. “She’s a grown woman. I can’t believe you’ve been giving her lifts home.”
Dominic’s eyes closed, like he’d just remembered Tara was there. He turned around and said, “Tara, you don’t understand.”
“I understand perfectly. This stops now. No more lifts, no more rescuing poor little Beth because she can’t get her own life together,” warned Tara, her hands on her hips as she glared at Beth in disgust.
“Tara, this isn’t the time. She’s been assaulted,” Dominic replied, looking conflicted.
“She’s an adult Dom. She chose to walk home. It’s her own fault,” Tara said.
“It’s not her fault she was attacked,” Dominic replied. “Have some sympathy Tara.” He shook his head like he couldn’t believe how Tara was acting. I didn’t expect any empathy from the woman at all and I didn’t need it. All I wanted to do was go to bed. 
“Dominic, I’m sorry if you were put out,” I replied, ignoring the glare Tara was sending my way. “I’m fine now and I just need to go to bed. Thank you for checking on me.”
“I wasn’t put out Beth. I was worried about you,” he replied in an exasperated tone.
“Come on Dom. She said she’s fine. We need to go now,” ordered Tara. Dominic turned his head towards her and then back to me looking torn. This was an impossible situation and he was once again stuck in the middle. 
“Thank you for checking on me but I really need to sleep,” I said to him gently. 
Tara grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the hallway. Dominic looked back at me like he didn’t want to leave but reluctantly went. When the door slammed shut, I breathed a sigh of relief. I dragged myself to the shower and the water stung my cuts but I avoided washing my hair, not wanting to touch the damage done to my head. After taking a few painkillers, I collapsed into bed and fell into a deep sleep. 
When I woke a few hours later, I saw that Dominic had called while I was asleep and sent me numerous texts asking how I was feeling. Knowing he would come to the house unless I answered, I responded that I was fine. Each time he texted over the weekend I told him the same thing, even though my body was feeling anything but fine. My pride was also feeling wounded after the attack but I needed to get over it.
On Monday, people stared at me with looks of sympathy when they saw my bruised face at work and my attempt at covering it up with makeup hadn’t really worked. I tried to stay facing the mural every time someone walked past to avoid their gaze. Luckily Jack was away in meetings all day with Dominic so I didn’t have to face his questions. It was painful changing in the toilets after work for my night shift and I winced as the waist of the skirt squeezed against my bruised side. As I arrived at the hotel reception, Cassandra spotted my bruised face and came rushing around the desk.
“Oh my god. Your poor face. What happened love? Are you okay?” 
Before I could answer, the reception manager, Mr Benson, walked up to us and Cassandra looked worried. Somehow, I knew her look wasn’t just about my bruises. “Beth, can I speak to you in my office please?” Mr Benson asked in a formal tone, eyeing me seriously beneath his thick grey eyebrows as though I’d done something wrong.
I followed him into his office and he urged me to take a seat. “There’s no easy way to say this Beth but we’re going to have to let you go. We’ll pay you until the end of tonight but we won’t require you to come back.” It was so matter of fact that I was left in shock.
“Erm what? Why?” I stuttered. “If I’m doing something wrong, I can fix it.” I could feel my eyes well up and I fought the tears back down. I needed this money and couldn’t afford to lose this job.
“I’m sorry Beth. There’s nothing I can do,” he replied but didn’t sound sorry at all.
“You can’t just let me go without any notice,” I squealed and was annoyed at how desperate my voice sounded.
Mr Benson raised a disapproving eyebrow at me and replied coldly, “You knew the position when you took on a zero hours contract. Unfortunately, we no longer require a second person on reception. Like I said, we’ll pay you until the end of the night but no need to finish your shift, you can leave right away.”
My mouth opened in shock. He was right, I was on a zero hours contract but I hadn’t thought I would ever be dropped just like that. I was in shock as I walked out to reception. “He fired me,” I said to Cassandra. Her face fell and she came around the counter again to give me a hug, careful to avoid my bruises.
“I hoped he’d see sense,” she said as she pulled away looking at me sadly.
“What do you mean?” I asked.
Cassandra took a deep breath and said, “Your man’s fiancée apparently knows the owner. He’s friends with her parents and she told him some sob story about you stealing her fiancé. Mr Benson’s just doing his dirty work,” she replied angrily.
I was left speechless again. “She what?” I shouted, wanting to tear Tara’s hair out. “All I wanted was to earn enough money to get out of a debt that wasn’t even mine to begin with. Is that too much to ask?”
“Of course not love but I think you need to start putting yourself first because there are some people out there that will throw you under a moving bus.” Cassandra’s arm was around me, offering support. “You deserve better.”
“I know I do Cassandra.” I wiped my eyes to try and stop the tears but the action hurt my sore face. “I best get going before Mr Benson escorts me from the premises,” I gave her a tearful smile and she hugged me lightly again. 
“I wouldn’t put it past him the miserable old git,” she responded. “Let me know if you need anything. Promise me.”
“I will and thanks for everything Cassandra.” I gave her a hug back because I was really going to miss her. “I’ll miss you.”
“Miss you too love. Don’t forget to invite me to your exhibition,” she said seriously.
“I will,” I replied sadly and walked out of the hotel, shoulders down, feeling like the whole world was against me. On the bus home I imagined all sorts of revenge tactics, like throwing eggs at Mr Benson’s door or threatening him with the media but I knew I had to be stronger than that and I needed to pick myself up again. I wondered if Dominic knew what Cassandra had done. He probably didn’t care. He wandered into my life and back out of it as he pleased, not realising the havoc he created for me. Some of my anger was aimed at him for placing me in this weird situation. I never really asked for his help but was being punished for it.
When I got home, I was in a frenzy and locked myself away in the studio. I lost track of time as I let all my emotions loose on the canvas. During a break in a song I was blasting, I heard the front door banging. My face was flushed with the exertion of painting as I answered the door.
Dominic was staring down at me looking angry. “Where the hell have you been?” he shouted as he barged in. “Have you got any idea how worried I’ve been about you? Here I was thinking you’d been mugged again and you’re painting?” His voice was getting louder the more his rant went on.
“What are you talking about?” I shouted back, feeling affronted that he had the cheek to speak to me like that, especially after the night I’d had.
“It’s a quarter to one in the morning. I was waiting for you after work. Where were you?” His hands were on his hips as he glared down at me. 
I closed the front door to stop the neighbours hearing yet more drama in my house. “Where was I? Are you kidding me?” I asked incredulously.
“No I’m not kidding. It’s not funny at all. You were attacked the other night remember? I would’ve thought you’d have learned your lesson from that. You knew I’d be picking you up.”
“No, I didn’t know actually. I haven’t seen you all day. Oh and I got to work and got fired, thanks to you and your fiancée. So that’s why I wasn’t there.”
He looked at me confused and took a step back. “You what?”
“I got fired from the hotel. Are you telling me you didn’t know?” I asked.
“Of course not. How would I know that? I’ve been waiting for you for half an hour.”
“Tara apparently knows my boss and told him I stole you from her, so I’m fired.” I stormed past him into the kitchen.
“She wouldn’t do that,” he said in disbelief, almost trying to convince himself. 
I raised an eyebrow sardonically. “So she doesn’t know my boss? She’d never do anything to jeopardise my job?”
He sat down at the dining table and ran his hands through his hair. “Yes, she does know him. He’s a family friend,” he whispered. “I’m so sorry Beth.” Dominic looked at me with genuine sorrow. “I can’t believe Tara has done this. You needed that job to pay off your sister’s debt. What are you going to do?”
I sat on the chair on the opposite side of the table. “I don’t know. I have nothing left to sell that’s worth anything. I’ll just have to keep a look out for another night job somewhere. You never know, maybe my exhibition will be a success after all and be the answer to all my problems,” I said doubtfully.
“You need to realise how talented you are. Once your paintings are out there, other people will know it too,” Dominic said. His green eyes shone with intensity. There was a tiny glimmer of hope at him telling me I was talented but it was little consolation for the day I’d had. I was embarrassed at his compliment and my fingers were fiddling nervously on the table. Dominic leaned across and grabbed my hand. “I am so sorry this has happened Beth. Things will get better. I promise you.”
“Why would she do it? I don’t understand. I know you’ve helped me but that’s no reason to try and ruin my life.” Tara disliked me from the moment she met me but I still couldn’t believe she got me fired.
Dominic placed both his hands in his lap and looked down in thought for a second before he answered me. “We had a row on Saturday after we left here. She didn’t like some of the things I said about you and me,” he said looking regretful.
“What did you say?” I asked.
He shook his head and replied, “I just set her straight on a few things. She doesn’t want us to be friends anymore and I told her I’m not willing to let you go.”
“Dominic, I don’t want to get in the middle of you two.” 
“You’re not. It sounds silly but I was so selfish when I first moved here. I had all these plans and expected everything to just fall in line with what I wanted. You were so far from my world that I didn’t know what to make of you. I mean, I knew you were beautiful and could sense how vulnerable you were, maybe even a little crazy with all those outfits you wear but I love it all. 
“What?” I gasped in surprise.
“I know I shouldn’t but I do. There’s a part of me that has become so attached to you, maybe I even love…”
“Dominic, please don’t say things you don’t mean,” I interrupted him as my heart pounded out of my chest. “Are you still with Tara?” There was no point in him saying this if they were still together. It would only lead to a broken heart for me. More than anything, I wanted him to finish that sentence by telling me he loved me and he was mine but I had a feeling life wouldn’t work out that way for me.
“We had a fight. I’m not sure where that leaves us,” he admitted. “I’ve never seen her look so angry. I know she can be bitchy but I’ve never seen her like that. She was out of control.” He looked at me like he was holding something back.
“What do you mean out of control? What did she do?” I asked, sensing there was more to the story.
“I’m so sorry Beth,” Dominic said again. He kept saying that.
“For what? What happened?” I asked, starting to feel panicked. She had already lost me my job. There wasn’t much more she could do to me.
“The painting you gave me. The one with your parents on. She was so angry at me that she destroyed it. Tara knew how much it meant to me and she took a knife to it.” The sorrow in his eyes told me how much it hurt him. I felt like Tara had taken a knife to my stomach. I had painted that because my parents had never been to New York and it had brought me comfort to create that moment for them. She had ruined that. It was silly but the upset I felt at losing my job was nothing compared to the anguish at having the painting of my parents torn to shreds. Sadness, bitterness then rage overcame me. Tara wasn’t there for me to be angry with, so I turned on Dominic.
“But you’re still with her.” I said, not a question but a statement.
“I just don’t know,” he replied. “I’m not sure where we’re at. I need to speak with her.” Dominic tried to grab my hand, but I pulled it away. If he really felt deeply for me there was no way he would even consider getting back with her. The fact that he still didn’t know what he wanted told me he wasn’t in love with me, even if he thought he might be. I had suffered too much because of his relationship with Tara and I no longer wanted to be part of it.
“I want you to leave Dominic,” I said coolly, wiping tears from my eyes.
“What?” he asked stunned.
“Please go. I want you to leave and please don’t come back. I can’t do this anymore. We can’t be friends. It just doesn’t work like that between us. Please just let me go.” The painting was the last straw. I had been through too much over the past few months and I needed to take control of my life.
“You don’t mean that,” he said looking hurt.
“I do mean it. This thing between us has brought me nothing but heartache. I don’t want to be between you and Tara anymore. I’m sick of it. You can tell her that you’re all hers. We’re not friends anymore.” I was distancing myself from my emotions as I said the words. The painting was a reminder of the grief I felt at losing my parents and that feeling was trapping me again. I needed Dominic to go.
“You don’t mean that,” Dominic said, looking like he was going to be physically sick. 
“Just go. Please just stay away from me. I can’t be part of your life anymore.” I said looking into his eyes so he would know I meant every word. I was doing as Cassandra said and putting myself first for once. For too many months I’d put up with him playing at being friends with me and lying to his fiancée. They deserved each other. I was talking myself out of the equation and I wanted nothing more to do with it. 
Sensing my resolve his eyes went from searching my face to looking sorrowful and resigned. He stood and looked down at me with sadness. His voice trembled as he said, “I never meant for any of this to happen Beth. You broke me the moment I first walked through that front door. I’ve never been the same since.” Dominic turned on his heel and left. His words were still spinning around my head for a long time after. I had no idea what he meant but I no longer had the energy to try and decipher him.
Chapter 12

Staring in the mirror at my bruised face and my eyes which were puffy from crying over Dominic and losing my job, I knew I’d reached an all-time low. However, complaining about it didn’t change things. I could feel sorry for myself and cry all I wanted but there was nobody coming to make it all better. People had it worse than me and I had no right to feel so much self-pity, I told myself. Looking at my reflection, I said, “Get over yourself Beth. There’s no good luck fairy waiting to make everything okay.”
My first objective was to look for a new night job. There wasn’t a lot of work available and as my face looked like I’d gone the distance with Rocky, it was unlikely I’d get another reception job. It would take a few weeks for my bruises to completely heal so I doubted I’d get anything until then.
Dominic was absent from work over the next week and I had a sinking feeling he’d made up with Tara. Not that it was any of my business anymore. I tried to tell myself that the pain in my heart was because of the ruined painting and not because I lost my friend. He didn’t try to contact me and I deleted his number from my phone to stop me from reaching out to him. Deep down I knew I was grieving over him, even though I was the one who told him we couldn’t be friends anymore. Our friendship would have become even more strained when he married Tara. There was no future in it and I could finally admit now that I had wanted more than friendship from him. He almost told me he loved me and I was now sure I loved him but I had to let him go for my own sanity. 
My exhibition work was keeping me busy of a night as I put into place the PR plans Dominic had made for me. Although I felt a little guilty using his ideas, I supposed he did owe me, after his fiancée had me fired. This was my last hope. If the exhibition was a flop, I’d finally have to admit I’d made a mistake in following my heart and becoming an artist. I’d have to try and build a career another way, as depressing as that was. A knock on the door startled me from my thoughts. It was a Thursday evening and I wasn’t expecting anyone, so I didn’t answer at first. When another knock came, I went to the door. I wanted to shut it again when I realised who was on the other side. “Jenny. What are you doing here?” I asked, astonished and annoyed.
Jenny looked sheepish. “I’m so sorry Beth.” Her mouth quivered and her eyes watered. Her hair was tied back and she had no makeup on. It was so unlike her usual immaculate self. I tried not to look concerned and instead attempted to show annoyance for everything she’d put me through over the past few months. Opening the door for her to come in, I told myself I was letting her in because I didn’t want an argument on the doorstep but really I feared something had happened to her.
Attempting to remain cool, I asked, “Where have you been? I haven’t heard from you in months.”
She walked into the living room and her eyes widened. “They took your furniture?” she asked, her eyes brimming with tears. Jenny looked genuinely sorry but I’d fallen for that before and wasn’t letting my guard down.
I nodded in response and she crumpled to the floor sobbing. “I’m so sorry,” she cried. Her shoulders shook as she hugged her knees tightly. “I never meant for any of this to happen. I’m such a bad sister.”
Lowering myself to the floor, I sat down beside her and reached out to touch her shoulder. “What the hell is going on Jenny?” I asked. “How did you get in that much debt?”
Jenny sniffled and wiped at her eyes then looked up at me. Breathing in as if to give herself the courage to speak, she said, “I’m an addict Beth.” She paused to take another breath and then continued. “I’ve been taking drugs for a while. At first it was to keep my energy levels up but it got out of control.”
I blinked at her in shock then replied, “Drugs? What kind of drugs?” Although I was trying to keep calm, I was close to freaking out. Hopefully it was prescription medication. Addiction to that was bad but she could get help.
Jenny took another deep breath and looked at me miserably. “At first it was prescription drugs. Not mine, just tablets some of the other girls had. I think they were used to treat some attention disorder or something like that but then I started going to these parties and people were taking harder illegal drugs. I started taking things more regularly and it helped me cope with everything at first, even though I knew I couldn’t afford it. I got into debt and couldn’t pay the money back. I’m so sorry I dragged you into this Beth. I never meant for that to happen.” There were tears streaming down her face and my big sister instincts kicked in. I wanted to yell at her for being so stupid but I found my arms around her hugging her tight.
“Oh my god. Jenny why didn’t you tell me?” I asked, still hugging her.
“I was ashamed. I didn’t realise how out of hand it was until I got myself into so much debt that I didn’t know what to do. I eventually went to live with my friend James in another town. He’s been really good to me and helped me get into rehab. I was a mess Beth and I knew I couldn’t tell you on top of everything I’d done.” She was sobbing into my shoulder.
“How are you now?” I asked, pulling away to look at her tear-stained face. I’d never seen her look so disheveled. 
She looked at me in surprise. “You’re asking how I am, after everything I’ve done to you?”
I nodded, needing to know if she was okay. Of course I was angry about the debt but my sister was all the family I had. I’d heard about bad batches of drugs and the thought of anything happening to her terrified me.
She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear that had fallen from her pony tail and her breath quivered. “I’m getting better. I’ve taken a year out of university. I just wasn’t healthy and I couldn’t get to classes in the end. It all came crashing down so I had to explain to the tutors how much stress I was under and luckily they agreed to let me go back next year. I started thinking a lot about mum and dad. It’s strange, I always tried not to think about them but it’s like all these feelings just hit me at once. You know, I don’t think I ever properly grieved for them and it’s like I’ve only just started to do that. For years, I was bitter and felt the world owed me something for losing them. I somehow felt that you owed me too Beth because you were an adult and should’ve been able to look after me. You were my age when it happened and I’m just realising everything you gave up for me. If it wasn’t for me, you’d probably have a husband and maybe even a kid by now. I’m so sorry for being such a selfish bitch.”
I held her face in my hands and wiped her tears. “Jenny, I won’t lie, I’m shocked about the whole drugs thing and I wanted to kill you for having those debt collectors knock on my door but you know I’d do anything for you. You were just a kid when mum and dad died. I got nine extra years with them than you did and I’m sorry you’ll never have that time. You know, I never felt like I gave up my life. I just wanted the best for you and still do. I love you. You’re my family.” My voice croaked and I couldn’t help my own tears falling. “So, what are you going to do?” I asked her.
“Can I come home?” Jenny asked, unsure of herself. “I’m going to get a job and I want to help pay off the debt. Someday I want to be able to pay you it all back but I’m not sure when that’ll be. I am so, so sorry Beth.”
“Yes of course you can stay. They took your bed though. We might have to share,” I joked through my tears. 
She shook her head and chuckled sadly. “I’ll sleep on the floor.” When I went to object, she held her hand out to stop me speaking. “Call it my penance or whatever. I’ll buy my own bed when I’m earning. I want to do this Beth. I need to do this. I need to build up my life again.” 
In a way I could understand where she was coming from and I nodded reluctantly. I wiped at my tears and Jenny’s eyes widened when she looked at my cheek. I knew she was looking at the bruise. “What happened to your face?” she asked. “Did the debt collectors do that?” 
“No. I got mugged coming home one night from work. It’s a long story,” I replied.
“You got mugged? Are you okay?” she asked looking concerned.
“I am now,” I replied with a shrug. 
“Where is it you work?”
“Actually, I lost that job. Again, another long story. How about I make us a cup of tea and we can catch up on everything.”
She nodded and stared at my bruises. I gave her a reassuring smile and said, “I’m glad you’re back Jenny.”
“You are?” she asked surprised. I nodded and headed for the kitchen. My mum used to say tea solved everything and I hoped she was right.
Jenny was actually a huge help to me over the next week, lending a hand to get everything sorted for the exhibition. We connected in a way that we hadn’t done for years and I felt like I had my sister back. Sometimes I would catch a shadow cross her features and I knew she was battling some dark thoughts about our parents and her addiction but I had faith that she would get through it. She also managed to get a part-time job at a coffee shop which was helping to boost her confidence again. My work at the office was coming to an end in the next week or so and our earnings combined weren’t enough to pay off the debt on time but once the exhibition was out of the way, I’d concentrate on trying to get another job. 
I pushed financial worries to the back of my mind as I put my paintings on display and got the exhibition space ready for the opening that night. The local paper had found it interesting that I was painting sunsets of places I’d never been to and featured a story, which spread the word a little bit. As I looked around the exhibition area above the bistro, I was nervous nobody would turn up. Seline had arrived early to help me set up with Jenny. I’d filled Seline in on everything that had happened with Jenny and thankfully she was giving her the benefit of the doubt.
“You look like you’re going to be sick. Here, have a glass of this,” Seline said, handing me a glass of wine and I grimaced. My stomach was upset with nerves. At least my face was healing and the bruises were light enough now that I could cover them with makeup.
Seline rolled her eyes. “You’re not drinking cider on your big night. It’s one glass of wine. It’ll calm your nerves.”
“Or make me feel even more sick. I’ll probably puke up on somebody. That’s if anyone even turns up.” I gulped the wine and made another face.
“There’s no hope for you,” she said, removing the glass from me like I was a child. “I’ll get you a lemonade.”
“Where do you want this sis?” Jenny asked, carrying one of the smaller paintings, as Seline walked downstairs to the bar. 
“I’ll put it up here,” I said, taking it from her. “Thanks for all your help this week. I’m so glad you’re here.”
Jenny smiled at me. “I’m proud of you sis. My sister, the famous artist.”
“As if. I need someone to even look at them first.”
“They will. You’ll see. That article was great. I’ve even heard people talking about the exhibition in my work. Word gets around you know.”
I smiled at her nervously, hoping she was right. If nothing else, I had a lot more paintings to hang on my walls. Dominic wasn’t living with me anymore so I didn’t have to feel embarrassed about hanging so many up. Thoughts of Dominic made my stomach sink. We hadn’t spoken since I told him we couldn’t be friends and I hadn’t seen him at the office. The campaign was coming to an end and had been extremely successful from what Jack had told me briefly in passing. Jack had promised to come tonight with his fiancée but I knew he was a busy man, so I wasn’t sure if he’d make it. With everything set up a while later, I grabbed myself a cup of strong coffee from the bistro downstairs and kept my fingers crossed that someone would turn up.
To my shock there were a couple of people queueing to come up to the exhibition just before it was due to open. Seline was standing by me and squealed when she looked over the bannister of the mezzanine area. “You have a queue,” she said excitedly.
I nodded nervously biting my nail. I wondered if maybe there was another event nearby and they were queueing for the wrong one. That would be embarrassing. My nerves were alleviated when I spotted some of them holding my event tickets. It was all getting too real. They were actually here for my exhibition, to see my paintings. Seline pushed me forward slightly to go and greet my guests. I couldn’t believe that they seemed delighted to meet me. At first I was a little self-conscious talking about my paintings but I soon got into the swing of it. Although I’m not a big talker, my art was something I was passionate about and eventually I found myself chatting more openly. When I saw that people had placed stickers on the paintings to indicate they wanted to buy them my legs went a little weak. I got talking to a couple of the guests and was surprised to learn that they knew Jack which made me wonder if he’d had anything to do with some of them being there. As I was talking to an older man about the sunset scene in Venice, I glanced over his shoulder and spotted Jack arrive accompanied by a woman who I assumed must have been his fiancée Sarah. Excusing myself from the man, I walked over to my new guests. 
“Wow, this is amazing Beth. Well done. It’s great to see so many people here,” Jack said. 
“I can’t believe how many people have turned up. Thanks to you,” I gushed. Jack looked at me a little confused. Before I could ask him how he managed to encourage people to come, his fiancée shot her hand out at me to shake.
“Hi I’m Sarah. It’s so lovely to finally meet you,” the woman said, giving me a warm, friendly smile. I took her hand and smiled back.
“You too,” I replied. “Thank you for coming.”
“I’ve been dying to see your work. Jack has told me so much about it.” I hoped he hadn’t praised my paintings too much as I wasn’t sure they’d meet her expectations. However, when I showed them both around, Sarah genuinely seemed to like my work. As we were walking around, Jack told me how well Dominic’s campaign had gone.
“Is Dominic coming tonight?” Jack asked. 
“I thought he’d gone back to London,” I replied. The thought of Dominic leaving made my chest hurt but I’d told him we couldn’t be friends, so I had to let him go.
“I’m not sure when he’s heading back down south,” Jack said. A couple came over to speak to us. They knew Jack and congratulated him on the campaign. I left them to talk and took a deep breath, trying to rid myself of the feeling of sadness at Dominic leaving. I was staring up at my painting of Prague when I felt that familiar tingle on the back of my neck.
“Congratulations Beth. I’m not surprised so many people turned up,” Dominic said from behind me and my chest jumped in surprise. He was so close I could feel his breath on my hair making me shiver. When I turned slightly, my face was just inches from his and I couldn’t help my heart racing. I gave him a small smile and he said gently, “I know you said we’re not friends anymore but I had to come.” I wasn’t sure how I felt about him being there. A part of me was glad but it also spurred up feelings for him that I was trying to bury. “Can we talk?” he asked. I took a deep breath and nodded towards the back room.
When we got there, Dominic closed the door and stared at me for a long time. There was a strange look on his face. He usually tried to school his expression but I couldn’t help but see almost longing in his eyes. He placed his hands in the pockets of his charcoal suit trousers and closed his eyes looking regretful. When he opened them he said, “I’m going back to London tomorrow.”
I knew he was going back but to hear him finally say he was leaving really hurt. My voice couldn’t get past the lump in my throat and I just nodded, trying to will back the tears. This was supposed to be a happy night and I didn’t want to cry. 
“Are you going to say anything?” he asked.
“I don’t know what to say,” I whispered. “We always knew you would be going back.” It cut through me to look at him and I couldn’t meet his eyes which were staring at me intensely. He almost looked as torn as I felt about him going.
Stepping towards me, he reached out and held my face in his hand. I couldn’t help but lean into his touch. “Look at me Beth,” he said in a low voice, lifting my face gently so I had no choice but to meet his gaze and I could feel the fire low in my stomach. Before I could say anything his mouth was on mine. His other arm wrapped around my waist and held me tight against him as he claimed my mouth. The kiss was desperate and stole the breath from my lips. My mind seemed to take a holiday as my deepest instincts followed his lead and I pressed myself against him. At the contact he groaned and deepened the kiss. Dominic’s hand moved from my face to the back of my head, holding me prisoner. 
“Beth where do you want these glasses…” Jenny’s voice interrupted us and I shot away from Dominic, trying to catch my breath. With wine glasses in her hands, she looked to me then Dominic and her mouth dropped in shock. I sobered a little, feeling ashamed when it hit me that I’d just kissed a man who was soon to be married.
Dominic’s expression morphed from a glazed expression from the kiss to one of anger. “What the hell are you doing here?” he shouted at Jenny.
She was stunned for a second and then defensively she replied, “I’m helping Beth.”
“After everything you’ve done? Do you know what you put your sister through? What, are you back for more handouts?”
“No, I’m not,” Jenny replied, looking hurt.
“Dominic, you don’t understand,” I said. “Jenny explained everything to me.”
He turned to me with a look of disappointment. “You’ve forgiven her? Just like that? After everything she did to you? How can you be so stupid Beth?” His voice was raised and I didn’t appreciate his tone.
“Look Dominic, I appreciate you helping me when I needed it but there’s more to the story,” I tried to explain.
“The story? I bet it was a really good story this time. Tell me exactly how she could justify you being threatened by bailiffs then having to work night and day to pay them off?”
I was quiet because I didn’t want to reveal Jenny’s drug problem without her permission and I was afraid it would make things worse if I told him.
“At some point Beth you need to stop being such a doormat.” He was enraged but his words sliced through me.
“I’m not a doormat,” I spat out annoyed, with my voice also rising.
“You let people crap all over you and do nothing about it,” he said bitterly.
I pressed my lips together not wanting to have a full-blown argument at my own exhibition. “I think you need to leave Dominic,” I said. 
“Oh, I’m getting thrown out again,” he said scornfully. “Yes, that’s it. Push me away but keep close to those who trample all over you.”
“You’ve been trampling all over her for months stringing her along while you’re engaged,” Jenny said, unable to hold her tongue.
“What would you know about it?” Dominic asked. “You’ve been like the Scarlet Pimpernel for the past few months.”
“I know what I’ve seen when I’ve visited,” Jenny said.
“Well why don’t you do everyone a favour and crawl back to wherever you’ve been for the last couple of months.” Dominic was seething.
“Dominic, please stop,” I said.
“No Beth. You need to be rid of her. I can’t stand by and watch this.”
I took a deep breath and responded, “You don’t have to stand by and watch anything. You’re going home, remember.” It caused me pain to say it but he didn’t know the full story of what happened with Jenny.
Shocked, he stared at me for a second then said, “Fine. If that’s what you want. Have a nice life Beth.” With that he stormed out and slammed the door.
Jenny looked at me guiltily. “I’m sorry Beth. I shouldn’t have argued with him.”
My voice quivered as I said, “It’s alright. Maybe it’s for the best. I shouldn’t have been kissing him. He was never mine and I stupidly got caught up in the moment.” Tears brimmed in my eyes and I couldn’t stop them. Panic set in that he was finally leaving but I forced myself not to chase after him and to believe my own words that it was for the best. I sat down on a chair and held my face in my hands. Jenny put the glasses down, rushed towards me and hugged me. 
“Don’t cry sis. He was wrong you know when he called you a doormat. You’re the strongest person I know.” She rubbed my back as I wiped at my tears. I shook my head, knowing Dominic had a point but he didn’t know Jenny’s full story. He must have thought I was pathetic, unlike Tara who would bulldoze over anyone who dared to get in her way. That was precisely the sort of woman he was suited to and I had to admit that wasn’t me. Straightening my shoulders in resolve, I wiped my eyes again and gave Jenny a small nod to let her know I would be fine. 
“Just give me five minutes and I’ll be back out,” I said. She gave me another small hug and left me to gather myself. It turned out to be a bittersweet night. Somehow all my paintings sold. I couldn’t believe it. It was enough money to pay off Jenny’s debt and to keep me going for a little while and was especially welcome now that my day job was coming to an end. 
As Jenny and I sat down at the dining room table with a cup of tea that night, she said, “I’m so proud of you Beth. I can’t believe all your paintings sold.” The chairs were a little uncomfortable. Jenny wriggled from side to side and grimaced at the hard wood under her bum. “Maybe you could even afford a couch.”
I burst out laughing and she giggled with me. It had been a long time since we’d laughed together. We’d both been through a lot but somehow it felt like there was some hope. The success of the exhibition was poignant, as quickly my thoughts were taken over by images of Dominic helping me with the PR then with his mouth on mine quickly followed by his scorn for who I was as a person. He was leaving and it is very likely I would never see him again. He would marry Tara and there was nothing I could do about it. I had to get on with my own life. My smile must have faltered, as Jenny asked, “Are you okay about Dominic?”
“Yeah. Like I said. It was for the best. It was a stupid mistake.” She looked at me like she didn’t believe me but let it go. “I think I’m going to go and paint. Maybe I need a new theme. I’m sick of chasing sunsets, maybe I’ll opt for moonlight scenes instead.” Jenny looked at me like I was speaking a foreign language. I had to keep reminding myself she was just eighteen. She was barely an adult and didn’t need to listen to my complaints on top of everything she was dealing with. Entering my studio, I put on some Fleetwood Mac, remembering Dominic’s comment about Stevie Nicks as she and Lindsey Buckingham sang about going your own way. It was time I did just that.
Chapter 13

It felt like I was living in a dream. Word about my exhibition spread, possibly because there were a few influential people at the event, and I even received an offer to do another in the new year. I told the organiser who wanted to put on an event in London that I was currently working on a series of moonlight scenes and it may be a bit niche for an exhibition but she didn’t think it would limit the audience. For some reason I’d become obsessed with the night, with the solitary loneliness and isolation which I imagined many people felt when the sun went down. I wouldn’t say I was feeling depressed exactly but I could definitely identify with feeling alone in the world and I had to admit it was because Dominic was so far away. Often, I would catch myself wondering what he was up to but then quickly pushed the thoughts away. I no longer had his phone number so at least I wasn’t tempted to call but sometimes I wished I could just hear his voice. It was coming up to Christmas and while this time of year was always a little emotional for Jenny with us only having each other as family, it felt even more so this year. There was a large piece of me missing and I knew it was still with Dominic. He was due to be married early in the new year and I wondered if he’d forgotten all about me now that he was back home.
At first I feared Jenny may not be able to handle her rehabilitation but she was putting everything into turning her life around. She was working and now that the debt had been paid off she was contributing towards bills which was really helpful. We’d even managed to buy a new couch and Jenny bought herself a bed. She was also attending counselling sessions, mainly for her addiction but also to talk about the reasons why she started to take drugs in the first place. I’d gone with her a few times and realised there were still some issues about our parents’ deaths that I also needed to deal with. Watching Jenny work on herself inspired me to look at my own mindset and I was dedicating more time to self-love. Learning to appreciate who I was and not just being the person who helped other people was difficult for me but I was getting there. Somehow, I was feeling more and more comfortable in my own skin. I wasn’t trying to live up to anyone’s expectations, I was just doing what I wanted to do. I’d also built up a couple of clients with some exciting art projects they wanted me to work on and I could feel my confidence building. It was a busy time balancing their needs with the time required to produce the art for my exhibition but somehow, I was getting it all done. 
The centre of town was lit up for Christmas as I made my way to a coffee shop late one afternoon to meet Cassandra. The aroma of coffee hit me as soon as I walked in and I indulged with a slice of ginger cake. Just a few months ago I wouldn’t have been able to afford to go to a coffee shop without having to do without something to make up for it and I felt so grateful for how things had changed. I remembered to be thankful for everything in my life whenever thoughts of Dominic entered my head. Although I couldn’t have everything I wanted, I had a lot and it was more than I’d had in years so I kept reminding myself of that fact. When Cassandra arrived she gave me a big hug as she got to the table. 
“You look gorgeous love,” she said. “You’ve put on a little weight and in a good way. You must actually be eating. The curves suit you.” Her honesty was one of the things I loved about her.
“You look lovely too Cassandra. Let me buy you a coffee.” It was nice to be able to afford to treat someone. When we were settled with our drinks, Cassandra filled me in on all the hotel gossip.
“You’ll never guess who I saw. Remember that one that got you fired. That snotty woman. She came in to talk to the boss about her wedding. Apparently, his daughter is going to be one of the bridesmaids.” Cassandra looked at me, waiting for my reaction. My stomach churned as I thought about Dominic and Tara’s wedding. It was true, he was moving on without me. I already knew it but my stupid romantic heart had been hanging on to that small glimmer of hope that maybe things might have changed. 
“Well, I’m sure they’ll be very happy,” I said quickly and took a sip of my coffee.
“He’ll live with that regret for the rest of his life. The way he used to look at you, those looks don’t lie. I can’t believe he’s marrying her. She’s got nothing on you love,” Cassandra said, patting my hand.
I shrugged sadly and switched the conversation to ask about her grandchildren before I had a meltdown in the coffee shop. Over the past few months I had come so far. I valued myself too much to be just the woman who pined after a man who was already taken. There were a lot of positive things in my life that I had to look forward to so I had to concentrate on those. It was lovely to see Cassandra and I was really glad we had kept in touch. Afterwards as I was walking down the high street to get the bus, I spotted a Ramones t-shirt in the window of a record shop. I stopped and looked at it, smiling at the memory of Dominic’s snarky comments about people who wore Ramones t-shirts. I hoped there would be a time when things would stop reminding me of him. Around me there was a bustle of people shopping for Christmas presents. Jenny and I had decided not to spend too much on presents this year. Actually, I usually didn’t ask for much, but this year Jenny decided she didn’t need much either. We were just going to enjoy some quality family time together. The plan was to watch films we hadn’t seen since we were kids and to eat, a lot. 
Christmas actually turned out to be the best I’d had in years. While there were people I wished could have been there, like my parents and Dominic, Jenny and I had a lot of fun. We stayed in our pyjamas all day, cuddled on our new couch in comfy blankets watching movies. I had my little sister back and I would be eternally grateful for that. New Year’s Eve was a quiet affair for me and Jenny was working, which was a good distraction for her, away from the various parties that she would usually be invited to. 
My stomach was tense with nerves through most of January and while I tried to put it down to the forthcoming exhibition, I knew it was because of Dominic’s wedding. Though I wasn’t sure of the exact date, I knew that by the time of my exhibition he would definitely be married. With the evening of the exhibition approaching in late February, I had to spend all the time I could in my studio. As it was in London, I wouldn’t get to see the venue until the day before, although the organiser, Gemma, had sent me lots of pictures of the space. 
Soon enough my trip to London arrived and as I travelled down by train on the Thursday ready for the exhibition the next night, I tried not to feel sad that I would be in the same city as Dominic and that he was now a married man. I’d arranged for the paintings to be couriered down separately and I was due to meet Gemma at the venue that afternoon to go through the plans for the next day. After checking into my hotel, which was a budget hotel near Canary Wharf, I caught the tube to Notting Hill, where the exhibition was being held. As I made my way along the busy high street at Notting Hill, I was walking past an expensive baby clothes boutique and almost collided with a pregnant woman who was leaving the shop. Shock hit me as I recognised the stylish, short hair. It was Tara. Her eyes widened in surprise and I imagined I looked similarly stunned. She was as beautiful as ever and my eyes glanced down to her baby bump which she was holding protectively with her hand. I couldn’t help but notice her wedding and engagement ring. Feeling overwhelmed at the evidence of not just their marriage but the fact they had a baby on the way, I gaped at her open mouthed. Swallowing the lump in my throat, I croaked, “Congratulations.” I was pointing at her hand and her stomach. 
She glanced down to where I was looking and her eyes softened with a tenderness that was so unlike her. Tara looked back up and me and gave me a genuine smile. “Thank you Beth. I’m really happy.”
I felt like a truck has hit me. She was really happy and had everything I ever wanted. Not only that but she was looking at me kindly in that moment. I needed to hate her, for getting me fired, ruining the painting of my parents and capturing the heart of the man I loved. I couldn’t have her being nice to me. That was too much to handle. Feeling like my heart had been crushed, I said, “Well I wish you both all the best. I’d better go.” I needed to get away so I could curl up into a ball and cry.
As I went to leave, she said, “Wait, Beth. Do you have time for a coffee? There’s a café nearby. I’d really like to clear the air.”
“Well I’m on my way to meet someone. I have an exhibition tomorrow,” I explained.
“Wow, that’s amazing. Congratulations yourself. Dominic always praised your work and I was stupidly jealous. That all seems so pointless now,” she admitted. I couldn’t believe she had been jealous of me. Well she ended up with the prize, so I guessed she’d put it all behind her. “Please, it would mean a lot if you could sit with me for just a little while,” she said.
For some reason, I couldn’t say no and I found myself sitting with Dominic’s wife in a coffee shop in Notting Hill with my heart shattered and wanted to be anywhere else but there. I gave a false smile as Tara sat in the chair opposite me. “I wanted to say I was sorry for the way I treated you,” Tara said. “I was a bitch. A jealous one at that. Like I said, it doesn’t matter now. Since getting married and maybe with being pregnant, it put my priorities into perspective.”
I didn’t know what to say and I didn’t really want to be sitting there listening to her talk about her wedding to the man who I was now pretty sure I was madly in love with. “You must both be really happy,” I said reluctantly.
“We are. Thank you. It’s strange how life has a way of working out for the best. I also wanted to apologise for getting you fired. I really am sorry about that. I have a selfish side and a bad temper which I am changing and I shouldn’t have done that. I’ve felt guilty about it ever since.”
“It’s done now. Luckily my exhibition had some interest from people who wanted to buy my artwork, so it worked out in the end.” I wasn’t sure how far along Tara was and I was trying to think if she would have been pregnant when Dominic kissed me, when I kissed him back. I didn’t believe he would do that. I couldn’t believe I did that. It was my turn to feel guilty. “Like I said. What’s done is done and I’m fine.” Although in truth I wasn’t feeling fine at all. In fact, I felt a bit sick from realising Dominic was going to be a dad and from the guilt of everything I’d done. I needed to drink my coffee quickly and make my excuses to leave. “So when are you due?” I asked, to change the conversation.
“In June. I can’t wait to finally meet her,” Tara said excitedly.
“Wow, it’s a girl? That’s wonderful,” I replied trying to retain my smile. Dominic was going to have a little girl. I imagined he’d be a great dad with that protective nature of his. I could feel my heart splitting even more and I really needed to leave.
“Yes, I’m obsessed with buying stuff. Marcus is even worse than me I think,” she replied.
“Is Marcus your brother?” I asked.
Tara looked at me confused and replied, “No, Marcus is the baby’s dad. Didn’t Dominic tell you?” she asked.
“Oh. Sorry, I think I’m a bit confused. I haven’t seen Dominic for months. So, the baby isn’t Dominic’s?” I asked tentatively thinking maybe I’d misunderstood.
Tara’s eyes widened. “God no! You do know that Dominic and I split up just after I got you fired don’t you?” I shook my head and stared at her in shock. Her words completely turned my world on its head and I sat for a moment staring at her not knowing what to say. “So when I was talking about my wedding, who did you think I married?” Tara asked eventually.
“I thought you married Dominic,” I said.
“Oh no. You must really think I’m some kind of heartless bitch to talk about the man you’re in love with and think I married him.” Her face flushed red and she shook her head before adding, “I can see why you would think that.”
“So what happened?” I asked, feeling embarrassed that she knew I loved Dominic but I was desperate to know what was going on.
“We had a big row after I ruined your painting which I am also really sorry about by the way. I had no idea at the time that it was so special to you but that’s no excuse,” she said and looked at me sheepishly. It still hurt that the painting of my parents had been ruined but I indicated with my hand for her to carry on. “Anyway, as you know I stupidly stormed off to the hotel where you worked. I was so mad that you had come between Dominic and I that I couldn’t see things for what they were.”
“What do you mean?”
“He’d fallen in love with you Beth. Surely you knew that. He still does and I can see you still love him too.” 
I shook my head in denial, feeling guilty for betraying her. “We were friends,” I whispered.
“You were more than that. I’m not accusing you of having a sordid affair behind my back but I could tell by the way you looked at each other that there was more between you. It made me so mad with jealousy but deep down I think it was just the thought of someone trying to take away what was mine. I was a bitch. I liked having control and there was nothing I could do about this situation. Dominic came to see me after he found out that I got you fired. He broke off our engagement. I was devastated but I knew it was coming. I’d known for a while that things weren’t right between us. We would never have been happy together.”
“I’m sorry Tara. I never wanted to come between the two of you,” I said. I truly never wanted to be a homewrecker.
“It really was for the best. I was devastated at not having our wedding but when I thought about it, I realised I was more in love with the idea of being married than spending the rest of my life with Dominic. You actually did us both a favour. Not long after we broke up, I met Marcus. He was an acquaintance of Dominic’s from way back. Anyway, he called at my house trying to find Dominic to discuss a campaign proposal and we got talking. It’s strange, the chemistry was just there right from the beginning. He looked at me the same way Dominic looked at you with a sort of hunger in his eyes. Sorry, that’s probably a bit too much information but it was like he couldn’t get enough of the sight of me. I realised then that this was the real deal. This was what it felt like to properly fall in love. Dominic and I would have made each other miserable in the end Beth. He was meant for you.”
I must’ve held my breath through the whole story because I suddenly exhaled. “I don’t know what to say. I didn’t know any of that.”
“I just assumed you and Dominic eventually got together. I’ve seen him a couple of times and he told me he was happy that Marcus and I were expecting. Dominic even suggested I keep the wedding date that was planned for us. Marcus had already proposed and it meant we could get married before the baby was born. It was a bit strange walking down the aisle with a completely different man than the one I’d planned the wedding with but everything happened so quickly. It was the best day of my life.”
“Once again, wow. Dominic actually suggested you take the wedding date? He really had no issues with it?” I asked.
Tara shook her head. “He didn’t love me Beth. I know that now. If we’d have carried on as we were, I wouldn’t have met Marcus and I wouldn’t be having this little one.” She rubbed her stomach and smiled. “I’m just surprised that after everything, Dominic let you go. He’s not the sort to let go of something he wants.”
“Well he didn’t really have a choice. I basically told him twice not to contact me again or maybe he just didn’t like me that much in the first place.” It felt strange talking about this to Tara.
“I don’t think he could help but like you Beth. There was no choice in it for him. You’re right for each other. I’m not sure what’s holding you back but if you still love him, I’d be going after what I wanted. I wouldn’t be wasting any more time.” I could sense there was still a bit of the old Tara in her. Maybe she was right but I just couldn’t be sure that he did want me, after all he hadn’t bothered to come after me in all this time. 
“I don’t know London that well. Does he live nearby?” I asked.
Tara smiled at me and replied, “He lives just outside of London now although I think Marcus mentioned he was working away this weekend.”
It was disappointing but then I realised what she had said. “Marcus and Dominic kept in touch?”
“Yes. I know it’s weird but he was really okay with what happened with Marcus and I. Life works out in strange ways.”
A phone message from Gemma asking if I had got lost on the tube interrupted our conversation. 
“I’d better get going,” I said indicating to my phone. “I really am happy for you and I wish you all the happiness in the world.” I genuinely meant it.
“Thank you Beth. I hope you and Dominic find a way back to one another.” She gave me a quick hug and I left feeling like a completely different woman than before the conversation.
I rushed to the venue where the exhibition was being held and luckily Gemma was still there. She had organised the whole event and my paintings had arrived, so I just needed to turn up the next day. I hadn’t needed to do any of the publicity or arrange everything like I had with my last exhibition. Too many thoughts were swirling around my head about what Tara had told me and I was glad to get back to the hotel that evening, as I needed some alone time to process it all. It was still a shock that Dominic wasn’t married but did he actually love me? Would he give us a chance?
Chapter 14

The exhibition was in a much more upmarket space than my first one. I couldn’t believe it when I’d met Gemma the night before to go through the plans. It looked like a mini art gallery and the room actually made my art look important. Rather than trying to dress sophisticated, I decided to be true to myself, wearing my red vintage tea dress and my hair up with tendrils of curls hanging messily around my favourite red headscarf. I didn’t care if I looked like I’d walked out of the 1940s, I loved this style. Learning to be comfortable in my own skin was something I’d worked on a lot over the past few months. I didn’t have a whole lot to do and wasn’t sure if I should be helping to set things up or not. At my last exhibition I was frantically putting everything in place before the event, with the help of Jenny and Seline of course. I wished they were with me at that moment but I had to learn to do these things by myself. If this was the business I was going to be involved in, I needed to be independent.
“Can I help at all?” I asked Gemma.
“Sure, how about you help me get the cards ready for when buyers want to stake their claim on one of your paintings,” she said with a smile. I knew she didn’t really need my help but was humouring me. She must’ve sensed my nerves and thought it best to give me something to do. It hit me then that she said when people want to buy my art not if. Maybe she was just trying to boost my confidence a little. At the last exhibition people placed stickers on the paintings they wanted, here there were little pockets under each painting for the cards to be placed in. There was a lot to learn about art auctions.
“Gemma, I can’t thank you enough for doing all of this and for giving me the opportunity,” I said. Gemma looked like she was about to say something but changed her mind. Instead she smiled at me then passed me the half the cards so I could add the names of the guests.
After a moment she said, “You’re welcome Beth. It’s been lovely working with you these past few months. I can’t believe how easily pleased you are.” She realised what she’d said and her eyes widened. “I didn’t mean that in a bad way. I just meant you’re not a prima donna. It’s refreshing.”
I laughed at how embarrassed she felt. “It’s true. I am easily pleased. I never thought I’d have any of this. It’s a dream come true for me really,” I said wistfully. “Fingers crossed that people will turn up.”
“They will. You have the best PR person on your side. They’ll come, believe me.” I didn’t know she was good at PR as well as event planning but I didn’t have chance to ask as we were interrupted by a delivery of wine glasses. After I’d hidden in the toilets for longer than necessary, trying to calm my nerves and having checked my makeup a million times, it was showtime. As I walked out of the toilets, Gemma was walking towards me quickly.
“I was just coming to get you,” she said with a smile. “This is your big moment. No hiding in the toilets.”
“I wasn’t, I was just checking my makeup,” I lied. She raised an eyebrow at me. “Okay, I was hiding a bit. I’m just nervous. I don’t know anyone.”
“You know me and it’s going to be fine.” She tucked my arm in hers and led me into the room. There were already quite a few people milling about, drinking wine and looking at my art. My cheeks flushed with embarrassment that people were actually interested in what I’d created. Somehow, I’d feared the success of my last exhibition was a bit of a fluke or just great marketing by Dominic. He was never far away from my thoughts and I wondered what he’d think of tonight. 
I understood why Gemma was so good at her job. She was so easy to talk to and managed to effortlessly introduce me to people, offering pieces of interesting information about each of the paintings. She’d really done her research and I was so flattered. As we were chatting to one of the guests, I spotted a familiar face. Jack was walking through the door with Sarah behind. When they spotted me, they both headed my way with matching smiles. I couldn’t believe they made it. They had to be two of the nicest people I knew. I’d become quite good friends with Sarah over the past few months and she was one of the few people I knew who had a genuine love for art. 
“I didn’t expect you to both be here,” I said surprised. “Thank you so much for coming.”
“Jack had business in London this weekend and I wouldn’t have missed this when we were just a few miles away,” Sarah said, giving me a hug.
Jack hugged me and his eyes scanned the room. “This is wonderful Beth. You must feel so proud. I recognise a few faces here. There are some very influential people here with very deep pockets.” He said the last bit with a whisper and chuckled.
“I have no idea who anyone is. You didn’t invite your list of contacts again did you Jack?” I joked.
He held his hands up. “This has nothing to do with me. Also, you know those people at your last exhibition had nothing to do with me. They were all Dominic’s contacts.”
My jaw dropped in surprise and my cheeks flushed in embarrassment. “Sorry, I just thought…”
“I know. I meant to mention it to you at your exhibition. I really wish I could take the credit but I can’t. It was all Dominic,” Jack said. 
I was silent for a second as I started to make sense of what he’d said. Dominic and I weren’t even speaking at that point so I couldn’t believe he went to all that effort for me. Jack and Sarah shared a look and then he said, “Have you seen him at all?”
I shook my head and felt my throat clog up. It was bit overwhelming hearing all these new revelations about Dominic. A lot of the assumptions I’d had about him over the past few months were seemingly not even close to the truth. I was starting to think I’d made the biggest mistake of my life in letting him go. Yes, he’d been rude about Jenny but he hadn’t heard the full story and I hadn’t taken the time to tell him. I’d just banished him from my life. Sarah patted my arm as if understanding how overwhelmed I felt.
“I’m sure you’ll have lots to think about after tonight,” she said. Her and Jack gave each other a knowing look again. I nodded and to change the conversation, I steered them towards the drinks table. In no time, Jack was surrounded by some of the guests who were important businesspeople. There were already cards under some of the paintings indicating that people wanted to buy them. It was a shock that this was actually happening. I forced myself to mingle a little bit and make conversation about the paintings. There was one particular painting that secretly meant a lot to me as it was inspired by Dominic. It was a moonlit scene of a man walking down a desolate high street wearing a Ramones t-shirt. It made me smile whenever I saw it, as I knew Dominic would hate the character depicted in the scene. I think I’d painted it in a fit of rebellion, almost like putting a middle finger up to Dominic’s opinions. It was childish but inspiration comes from everywhere and now I looked at it fondly. I glanced over to that painting and there was a man standing in front of it. My heart stopped beating in my chest for a second and my breath escaped me. I would recognise anywhere the trim lines of the grey suit, covering what I knew to be an extremely muscular body. The tall figure would always stand out in the crowd to me and draw me to him. It was a visceral reaction that I couldn’t control. My legs started moving towards him before my brain had chance to place doubt in my mind. Dominic was here. I stood next to him and knew the point when he realised it was me as his body straightened. He didn’t look at me right away and continued scrutinising the painting, so I did the same. I could feel the heat emanating from him. There was still a magnetic pull between us and I had to stop myself from reaching out to touch him. After a moment, he turned his gaze down to me and the intensity of his green eyes told me he was still just as drawn to me. Swallowing, he said, “I like the t-shirt. Nice touch.”
I smiled knowingly and said, “I hoped you would.”
“You added that for me?” he asked surprised.
I nodded and just about managed to croak out a response. “Yes.”
“To annoy me?” he asked, eyes narrowed as he faced me. His lip was tilted to one side, in a half smile.
“Maybe,” I replied innocently. It was hard to maintain eye contact as he’d see everything I was feeling right then. He would know I was fiercely in love with him and I didn’t want to scare him off.
“I saw Tara yesterday,” I blurted out. 
He looked confused for a second and replied, “Oh? What did she say?”
“That she was married to someone else and was due to have a baby,” I replied. “It was a bit of a shock. I thought you two had gotten married.”
“What? You honestly thought I’d still marry Tara after everything that had happened between you and me?” He placed his hands on my arms and lowered his face so it was level with mine. Looking straight into my eyes he said, “Beth don’t you know how much I love you?” 
“Well I, erm.” My mouth was suddenly dry. It was exactly what I’d wanted to hear but I was so nervous I couldn’t get my words out.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to be so blunt. I meant to do this a little smoother,” he said with a sigh. 
“Do what?” I asked.
He held my hands in his, tenderly, like they were the most precious things in the world. “You bewitched me the moment I set foot in your house. It’s funny that you painted that t-shirt. I think the moment I realised I loved you was in that pub when I wanted to punch that guy who was hitting on you.”
I opened my mouth in surprise again at his bluntness.
“Sorry, I’m messing this up again.” Dominic said, holding on tight to my hands.
“I’m sorry too. I’m sorry I let you go after my exhibition. All this time I thought you were living happily with Tara. She told me you encouraged her to be with Marcus. That’s so selfless.”
“Not really,” he admitted. “I’d realised we weren’t right for each other. If anything, it got me off the hook really.”
“It meant a lot to her from what she told me. You’re a good person. Jack also told me it was you who got all those people to go to my last exhibition. I never knew otherwise I would’ve thanked you. So, I’m thanking you now. It changed my life you know.” He had helped me in so many ways and I wasn’t sure I would ever be able to repay him.
“Your work did that. I just helped make sure the right people got to see it. That brings me to something else. I have a little confession to make and you have to promise not to be mad,” he said, rubbing the back of my hands with his thumbs. His green eyes were penetrating, and I could just about concentrate on what he was saying.
“What is it?” I asked.
“I set it up for Gemma to contact you about this exhibition.” My ego took a little nosedive that someone wasn’t really banging down my door to exhibit my work. 
“Oh,” I said a little dismayed.
“Don’t be disappointed. She wouldn’t risk her reputation by exhibiting anything she thought was crap, so she was definitely impressed with your work” he assured me.
“Wow, thanks,” I said sarcastically.
“I didn’t mean it like that. She agreed right away when I showed her pictures of your last exhibition,” he said.
“Why would you do that Dominic?” I asked feeling bewildered.
“It was the only way I could think of to get you down here to London, so I’d have a chance of convincing you that we belong together,” he said earnestly. “I haven’t been able to stop thinking about you Beth. I can’t just go back to my old life. I’m not that person anymore. You changed something in me, and I can’t get it back.”
My heart thudded in my chest at his words. “All these important people who have turned up, are they here thanks to you as well?” I asked. He shrugged, giving me the answer I needed. I sighed. “Dominic, you should have just told me.”
“You wouldn’t have come,” he replied.
I bit my lip, thinking he was probably right. I wouldn’t have even taken his call. 
“Spend the week with me Beth. I have a lot to show you. Just give me one week to make you realise why you can’t live without me,” he said.
“Dominic, I can’t just stay here for a week. I’m only booked into my hotel for the night and I’m needed back home.”
“You don’t need a hotel, stay with me,” he said. I went to object and he held his hands up defensively. “I’ll sleep on the couch. Just spend the week with me. Get to know me. I want to introduce you to my family. Please.”
I was finding it difficult to breathe. “Dominic. That’s a lot. We’ve only just met again after months. I could maybe agree to going for a coffee but me staying here, I’m not sure I can,” I said.
“I’m just asking for one week Beth. If you hate me after that, you can get on with the rest of your life and I’ll never bother you again but just give me this chance. Give us a chance,” his voice was almost begging me. Isn’t this exactly what I’d wanted? For him to give us another chance. I knew I’d regret it for the rest of my life. Feeling eyes on me, I turned around. Gemma, Jack and Sarah were all staring at us expectantly.
I turned back and narrowed my eyes at Dominic. “They’re all in on this aren’t they?”
“Don’t be mad at them. Jack and Sarah know we’re meant to be together. It’s just you who needs convincing but I’ve learned to be a patient man,” Dominic said with conviction.
After months of no contact, Dominic’s presence once again was threatening to steamroll over my life. “You never do things in small measures,” I said. 
“Not my style babe,” he said honestly. I was nervous at what he was suggesting and could feel myself trembling just being this close to him. It was silly really, after all we did live together for months but now there was nothing between us, just my own fears. 
Before I could talk myself out of it, I replied, “Okay, I’ll stay for a week. Let’s see what happens.”
“You will? Really?” he asked in disbelief.
“Yes, I’ll stay here for the week.”
A smile spread across his face and he moved in to wrap his arms around me. His hug was tight and almost desperate, as if he thought if he let me go, I might disappear. His face was in the crook of my neck and he whispered tenderly, “You won’t regret this babe.” There he was calling me “babe” again and I could feel my legs loosen underneath me. It was lucky he was holding me up. If he kept hugging me like this, I might actually disappear from combustion.
Chapter 15

I found myself walking up the stairs towards Dominic’s apartment the next day carrying my overnight bag wondering what I was getting myself into. He had wanted to pick me up from my hotel that morning and drive me over, probably in case I got cold feet, but I’d insisted I could make my own way there. I’d needed just a little more time to get over my nerves. It was silly to be worried really, after all this was Dominic, the person who had become one of my best friends and so much more before we’d stopped talking. The issue I was having was that he’d always been at a safe distance before with me knowing I could never really have him but now things had changed. However, I realised there was now also the distance to consider. He lived in London and I wasn’t sure long-distance relationships ever really worked out, but I knew I had to at least give this week a try. When I got to his apartment, Dominic was at the front door waiting for me. He looked excited as he looked intently at me. Grabbing my bag, he immediately pulled me in for a strong hug, squeezing the air out of my lungs. He really should sell those hugs, he’d make a fortune. With his arms wrapped around me, I felt like all the problems in the world could just melt away. As he held my head tightly to his chest, I could hear his deep voice rumble, “I’m so glad you’re here.” There was almost disbelief in his voice like he thought I wouldn’t turn up. I’d been a bit of a coward in the past, always running away from our situation rather than facing it, so it didn’t surprise me. 
“Of course I’m here,” I mumbled into his muscular chest. He smelled delicious, like fresh pinewood and was wearing a long-sleeved soft cotton Henley top which I could cuddle into all day. When he let me go, I couldn’t help but notice his defined chest muscles and thick arms underneath his green top which brought out the colour of his eyes. The five buttons of his top were undone showing a dusting of hair which was just calling out for me to touch. I held my hands back knowing I had to watch my self-control around Dominic. He was like a magnet and now that he wasn’t taken, he seemed to enjoy touching me a lot. I never realised he was so tactile. When I looked up to his face, Dominic was smirking. I’d just been caught ogling his chest and my face flushed in embarrassment. 
“See anything you like?” he asked in amusement. 
“I was just thinking about how much I liked the colour of your top. It would make a nice grass colour for one of my paintings,” I said, matching his innocent tone with my complete lie.
“You were thinking about grass?” His smirk dropped and his eyebrow raised, not quite sure whether to believe me. I nodded and he joked, “What a way to kill a man’s ego. Come on, let me show you around.” Dominic pulled me inside his apartment and kept his hand on my lower back as he walked me through his home. He’d rented the place when he moved out of the home he’d shared with Tara. It was a large Victorian-style flat that had been completely renovated but it still had original features like huge sash windows offering a view over a well-landscaped park that was a hub in the pretty London suburb.
“Wow, this is lovely Dominic,” I said. 
“It’s the first time I’ve lived on my own for years,” he admitted, walking up behind me as I was looking out the window. “It’s been quite nice I suppose but not something I’d want to do long term. I miss living with you Beth.” He wrapped his arms around me from behind and pulled me back against his chest. I was surprised at how open he was being about his feelings, I thought we’d dance around the subject like we’d been doing for months and his candidness took me by surprise. The magic feel of his muscular arms around me also halted my thought processes. I found myself leaning comfortably into him and he pulled me even tighter against his body. After a minute or so, I woke myself out of my stupor and forced myself to take a side-step away otherwise we’d be standing there all night. “Show me the rest of the house?” I asked, needing just a little distance, so I could ground myself and collect my thoughts. 
He smiled and said, “Sure, my bedroom’s that way.” 
“Dominic!” I admonished. 
“What?” he asked in that fake innocent voice again but with a cheeky smile. “That’s where you’re staying. I just meant for you to leave your things in there.”
I shook my head knowing he was messing with me. His warm hand was brushing circles on my lower back as he led me to his room. To my utter surprise, hanging on one wall was my painting featuring the guy in the Ramones t-shirt. “I couldn’t let anyone else have it,” Dominic admitted sheepishly. “That one was for me. I knew you must have been thinking of me when you painted that. It also reminds me every time I see it that I need to never let you go or someone else will swoop in a take you.”
It was lucky I was facing away from him so he couldn’t see the tears that were starting to fill my eyes. He’d always been my biggest advocate when it came to my art and admittedly, I quite liked how possessive he was being. Nobody had ever really cared for me enough to be like that. 
“You shocked me yesterday and I never got a chance to say thank you for arranging the exhibition,” I said. “When my ego got over the fact that the queue of people wasn’t just about me but the result of your hard work, I realised how grateful I should be for you giving me that opportunity. Thank you, for last night and for everything you did with my first exhibition. It’s thanks to you that I’m doing something with my painting.”
He pulled my arm gently and turned me to face him. “No, it’s not thanks to me. It’s thanks to your amazing talent, for your unique view of the world and the way you see beauty in the things that other people might ignore or take for granted. I just gave people an opportunity to see it.” His words struck me in the chest and I was once again fighting back tears. Dominic reached out a hand to hold my face tenderly. “The way you are Beth, you live like the rest of the world doesn’t exist sometimes. It’s like you have your own rhythm that you play along to. Yes, it kind of frustrated me in the beginning because I thought your head was in the clouds but now, I just want to be up there with you.” I leaned my face into his palm, loving how big and warm his hand felt. When my senses caught up, I realised we were standing inches from his bed while he was caressing me. This was dangerous territory and I had to stop before it went too far and within just minutes of me walking through his front door. I glanced to the side and there was his huge bed with grey covers and a thick grey throw. 
“King sized bed,” I muttered without thinking. 
“I got it new. I’m the only one who’s slept in it.” His words held significance. He was telling me he hadn’t been with anyone since Tara, since the last time he kissed me in fact. 
“It’s a big bed just for you,” I said and blushed when he smiled at me knowingly.
“I was hoping you’d share it with me one day,” he said bluntly.
My face was flaming and I needed to get out of his bedroom. Again, I side-stepped him and went to walk out of the room.
From behind me he said, “Like I said, I’ve learned to be a patient man Beth. I’ll wait as long as it takes. There’s an en-suite with a whirlpool bathtub, if you want to try it.”
Feeling flustered, I walked along the hallway back towards the living room and shouted back brightly, “I don’t think so. I won’t be sleeping in your bed. I’ll take the couch.”
He caught up with me quickly with a scowl on his face and caught my arm. “Like hell you will. You’re sleeping in my bed. I’ll be taking the couch.”
“I’m not pushing you out of your bed Dominic,” I said.
“Not this bed argument again. I asked you here. You’re my guest and you’re taking the bed. We can have a repeat of last time and share again if you like,” he said. The mention of what happened last time when we’d almost ended up kissing made my cheeks flush even hotter and his eyes dilate. I still felt bad about that but at least Tara had moved on. “I can be just as stubborn as you about this Beth,” he warned in a low voice. I knew very well just how stubborn he could be.
“Fine. I’ll take the bed,” I said in a clipped tone and pulled my arm out of his hold. Already we were arguing, and I’d only been there minutes. 
He let out a breath of frustration and closed his eyes briefly. In a mantra to himself he said, “I am a patient man now.” I wasn’t convinced this patience thing was really in his nature.
When he opened his eyes he said, “My family are having Sunday lunch today. They’ve invited you over.”
“What? I don’t even know them. I can’t meet your family. It’s too soon,” I said.
“Too soon to eat some lunch?” he asked like I was being childish.
“Yes,” I said. “They might not like me.”
“They will like you. I like you so they’ll like you,” he said.
“But I’m not like Tara,” I whispered. 
“My parents aren’t snobs Beth. We didn’t have much growing up, but my parents worked hard to get me to university and that made me work hard. As soon as I earned enough, I bought them their house. It’s a nice house but it’s not how I lived growing up. I wanted the best for them. For your information, they weren’t that fond of Tara. At least not the old Tara though she’s chilled out a bit now. Look, they want to meet you. My brothers and sisters can’t wait to see you. I want you to meet my family.”
“I’m just not used to big families,” I said. It was intimidating as it’d only been Jenny and I for a long time. 
He looked at me in understanding and moved forward to hug me to his chest. “You’ll be fine. I’ll be with you and I know for a fact they’ll love you.” 
I wasn’t so sure but it didn’t sound like I had much choice.
Throughout the drive to his parents’ house I was fidgety and nervous. “I told you to stop worrying,” he said. “They’ve heard all about you. They know you’re a little… out there.”
“Out there? What does that mean?” I asked annoyed.
“You’re a creative, an artist. You’re not some uptight executive. My mum and dad have seen your paintings and just like me, they think you’re amazingly talented. They’ll love you.” Satisfied that he’d made me feel better, he gave me a smug smile. 
My expression must have told him I was not impressed because he burst out laughing. “Did I tell you how much I love your dress?” he said with a glint in his eye.
“Oh really?” I said, not believing him as I looked down at my vintage long-sleeved tea dress. This one was mint with tiny blue flowers. “You hate my dress sense.”
“I love it. Too much actually. That was always the problem. The issue was keeping my hands off you. I’ve explained that before.” I wasn’t used to him telling me openly that he was attracted to me. When we lived together, he was always coiled really tight like he was juggling too much, afraid something might slip. I suppose in a way he was trying to live two separate lives. Something had changed in him and he seemed much more relaxed.
“You know, I’ve never seen you smile so much,” I said. “You always had this look of disapproval when we lived together.”
He took a breath and sighed. “Again, that was just me feeling frustrated at the life I had and where it was heading when I knew deep down what I really wanted was right in front of me. You were so close but I could never have you. Do you know how frustrating that was? I kept trying to convince myself my life back home was better and that everything around me wasn’t up to that standard, just so it wouldn’t be as hard when I moved back. The plan didn’t really work.”
“Do you think you would have come to that realisation if you’d never lived up north. Never lived with me I mean?” I asked tentatively.
“Maybe after a while, maybe not. I changed too. I wasn’t the same person anymore and I didn’t want the same things Tara did. There was a spark that was missing between us and during the weekends when I went home, I started to feel empty, like I couldn’t wait to get back up north, to see you.” His words were a lot to take in. Those times when he appeared to be really annoyed with me, it seemed he was fighting his attraction too.
“I couldn’t wait for you to come back too.,” I admitted quietly. If he could be honest, I would try it too. “I hated you going back home to Tara every weekend. It near broke my heart every single time you went. I just wanted you with me.” I tucked my hair behind my ear and looked out the window. Dominic was driving but I could feel his eyes glance at me.
“You did?” he asked, sounding surprised. “You were always so shy. I never knew how you felt.”
I shrugged. “I tried to put it out of my mind knowing it was wrong to think of you at all when you were getting married to another woman.”
We were silent for the rest of the journey, not uncomfortably but both just lost in our own thoughts, re-living those past months with the new revelations about what we had both been really thinking at the time. 
His parents’ house in Cambridgeshire was beautiful. It was a double-fronted home surrounded by trees. My mouth almost hit the floor when we parked outside the long driveway. It was already filled with cars which I assumed belonged to the rest of the family. “You bought this for your parents?” I asked. “How did you afford this? It’s amazing.”
Dominic shrugged. “I had a lucky breakthrough with one of my first jobs and got a big bonus from a lucrative campaign. I’ve had a couple of lucky breaks since then.”
“I don’t think it was luck. I know how clever you are, after what you’ve done with my exhibitions and Jack’s campaign. To afford this though is really amazing. Wow.” I wasn’t generally impressed by money but this house had so much character. It was made of big grey stone slabs with lattice windows and I could imagine sitting outside painting in the garden. I was pretty sure Claude Monet must have lived somewhere like this, painting his magnificent garden.
“Come on. Let’s go in or you’ll start making me blush with all the compliments,” he said in a self-deprecating way. Even though he was confident he was never a show-off when it came to his ability. Dominic just did the work and then moved on. The fact he bought this beautiful house for his parents was also something to add to the growing list of things that I loved about him.
His parents Joe and Amanda were warm, friendly and down to earth. Joe was very laid back while Amanda was like a firecracker with lots of energy and Dominic definitely got his bluntness from her. Dominic was second eldest of four children. Karen was the oldest, his brother Graham was slightly younger than Dominic and Lily was a few years younger again. Dominic had told me he didn’t get to spend enough time with them but it was clear they were still close.
“Dominic told us you’re an artist,” said Karen as we sat around the table eating. “You have to show us your work sometime.”
“She had an exhibition last night in London and her paintings sold out,” Dominic said proudly then reached over to squeeze my hand. 
“Well, thanks to Dominic asking the right people to come along,” I said.
“Nonsense,” his mother said. “They wouldn’t buy rubbish love. If they bought your paintings, that’s because they’re good. Dominic showed me some photos from your last exhibition. They were lovely.”
“Thanks,” I said shyly.
Amanda smiled at Dominic and winked at him. I wasn’t sure what it meant but he laughed. Maybe she was giving her stamp of approval about me but I couldn’t be sure. It was fun to watch Dominic’s younger brother Graham rib him about embarrassing stories from when they were younger and it was heartwarming to see that Lily adored her eldest brother.
When it was time to go home, well to Dominic’s home, I was exhausted. I hadn’t ever spent a Sunday lunch with a large family, and it took a lot of energy to talk so much. 
“You look tired,” he said as we walked back into his apartment. “Did they knacker you out? It wasn’t as bad as you thought was it?” he asked. We were standing in his living room as he looked down at me. I could tell my answer was important to him.
“It wasn’t at all. You have such a lovely family. I’m just not used to so many people. They were saying all these nice things to me and they had so many stories.”
“Yes, they did have so many stories, especially about me,” Dominic said trying to look affronted, but I could tell he loved them deeply. “Tara never really got on with them that well. She tolerated them but was determined to keep them at arms’ length. They weren’t really from the circles she grew up in. Funnily enough her husband Marcus came from a really poor background and worked his way up, so I think she might have changed for the better.”
“I think so too,” I said. “We’ve all changed I think.”
“I hope your feelings for me haven’t changed Beth. You said you used to want me with you. I hope you still do,” he said hopefully.
“They have changed,” I admitted. He looked dismayed but I interrupted him. “I never knew you properly then. I made so many assumptions that weren’t true. Also, I was always fighting my feelings for you. I had a huge crush but I could never let it develop to more. Now I’m free to explore how I feel. My feelings have changed now I know things about you that I didn’t know before. If anything, they’re stronger, so much stronger.”
I could tell he wanted to push the conversation more, but he held back, and I appreciated that. There were so many new things I was learning about him and I needed to reconcile this Dominic with the one I lived with. “So, now I’ve impressed you with my family, tomorrow I’m going to show you what London has to offer. If you’re not impressed by that, you won’t be impressed by anything.”
I giggled. “You don’t need to impress me Dominic. If anything, you do that just by being you.”
“And there you go being all cute again and making me want to kiss you Beth,” he said hungrily looking down at me. His eyes darted to my lips and back up to my eyes. He closed his and took a step back. “But like I said, I’m a patient man now.”
“Are you? Somehow, I’m not sure I believe that,” I said playfully but truthfully I was glad he was holding back as I needed time to process everything that was happening. 
The first few days we spent together went by too quickly. As promised the whistle-stop tour of London’s hotspots was pretty breathtaking. Dominic was the perfect guide and was extremely attentive. Despite his best efforts I could tell he was struggling to keep his hands to himself but he was on his best behaviour. He seemed happier than I had ever seen him and I loved seeing him so relaxed. My own reserve was also melting. Though I’d tried to block my feelings when I thought he was married, I could feel myself falling in love with him all over again. Now that I knew him better, he was so much more than I imagined. 
Dominic’s possessiveness was one thing that had not changed. He still scowled and snaked his arm around me when any man was overly friendly with me. For some reason I wasn’t offended, if anything, it made me feel loved. I hadn’t yet told him I loved him but I knew it in my core. My feelings were so much stronger than before which terrified me. There would be no coming back from this if it all went wrong. The thought of going back home without him hurt and I wasn’t sure how we would work it between us. The more time we spent together the deeper I was falling and there was nothing I could do about it. 
Each night as I slept in his bed, while he was on the couch, I longed to have his arms around me. I was tempted a few times to just go out and join him on the couch. I’d never forget how right it felt to wake up next to him that one time we had slept in the same bed many months ago. As the week drew on it became harder to resist the pull to curl up beside him of a night. What made it worse was that his bed smelled like him. His covers were clean but still, I could smell him. It filled my senses each night and by Thursday, the temptation was almost unbearable. The bed creaked as I tossed and turned trying in vain to get comfortable. My heart thudded at the sound of a light knock on the bedroom door. I wasn’t sure if I should pretend to be asleep but I didn’t get a chance to decide as the door opened slowly.
“Beth, can I come in?” Dominic whispered. I leaned up on my elbow and could just see his silhouette as he walked towards the bed. He didn’t wait for an answer before sitting down next to me. “I couldn’t sleep,” he admitted. “I heard you moving around in here and thought maybe you were having the same problem.”
“I was,” I admitted with a sigh of frustration.
“Mind if I join you?” he asked innocently. It was such a weighted question. This was the moment where a boundary between us would be crossed but I really wanted him next to me. I nodded and he climbed over me to get in the other side. When he was in the bed, he wasted no time in scooting right up behind me and pulling me against him. Having him behind me felt so right. I heard Dominic inhale the scent of my hair and he whispered, “I can’t believe you’re in my bed. I’ve dreamt about this for so long. I never thought I’d get the chance to be this close to you again. Thank you for agreeing to spend the week with me.”
“Thank you for asking me,” I said, pushing away thoughts of what would happen at the end of the week and enjoying the feel of him cuddling me. It was the safest I’d felt in a long time. We fit together perfectly but I just wondered if we could overcome the distance of living so far apart. 
“Stop overthinking things and just sleep Beth. I can practically hear you worrying. Everything’s going to be fine.” He cuddled me tighter and I felt myself relax. I wasn’t sure how he knew it would be fine, but I let it go. Exhausted from not being able to sleep the past few nights, I quickly fell asleep. 
When I woke the next morning, we were still in the same position. Dominic was holding on to me like his life depended on it. I turned around to face him and his eyes fluttered open. It was then that I realised he wasn’t wearing a top. His muscular chest was on full display and I couldn’t take my eyes off him. My hands were just inches away dying to reach out and touch him. I somehow stopped myself from ogling and raised my eyes to meet his. Dominic was watching me with amusement, and I bit my lip at being caught, again. “You can look at me all you like Beth. I’m yours. I don’t want anyone else.” 
Dominic grabbed my hand and held it to his chest, and my breath caught. His chest hair was soft and tickled my palm. He raised his other hand to caress my face and his eyes roamed my eyes in wonder then down to my mouth where his gaze landed on my lips hungrily. I needed him to kiss me more than I needed my next breath. Involuntarily, my lips parted in invitation and Dominic moved quickly. His mouth found mine and his hand moved to the back of my head holding me in place showing me the force of the passion he’d reined in for so long. My thoughts struggled to keep up as he tilted my head to explore deeper. In that moment I could think of nothing but Dominic. He was everything to me. Logic teetered at the edge of my mind and I knew if I didn’t slow this down, it would go too far before we’d even established what we were to one another. 
Somehow, I managed to pull away. “I don’t want to rush things,” I said, breathing heavily.
Dominic rubbed a hand over his face and exhaled. “I know. I’m sorry. I couldn’t help but kiss you Beth. I love you so much. You have no idea how much. I’m not asking you to say it back, well at least not right now anyway. I know we have a lot to work on. I just want you to know how I feel. Like I said, I’m a patient man. I’ll wait for you Beth.”
His words filled my heart. He was saying exactly what I needed him to say. It was like he could hear my doubts without me having to tell him. Less than a week before, I thought he was married, so I needed to take my time. “Thank you,” I said. “This, us, it means the world to me and I don’t want to do something to ruin it.”
“You won’t,” he said. “You couldn’t.”
I took another deep breath and reluctantly got up out of the bed. As I’d been planning on staying alone in my hotel, I’d only packed my baggy flannel checked pyjamas which were not exactly seductive. To see Dominic’s rapt expression however, you would have thought I’d worn the slinkiest outfit ever seen. I shook my head and smiled, enjoying his attention but trying not to get too caught up in it. I turned around and gave Dominic a cheeky smile before I headed into the bathroom. He placed a pillow over his face and groaned into it, making me smile. I didn’t want to tease him, but in a way, I was glad he was just as frustrated as I was. Even so, I couldn’t take our relationship to the next level until I knew where we were heading. We had a lot of things to discuss, such as how we would work out having a long-distance relationship, if that’s what this turned out to be. Getting swept along by my feelings would be dangerous for me and I had to decide if I was going to protect my heart or take a risk.
Without taking things too far, over the next few days we got to know one another on a deeper level. I learned things about Dominic I never knew before. We connected in a way I never thought possible. Although we were very different, fundamentally we appreciated similar things. Dominic had attained a certain lifestyle but I realised that a lot of that was about giving the right impression. It was part of the image he portrayed to get ahead in life and because Tara had been the same way it had perpetuated that lifestyle.
On our last night before I was due to go home, we were sitting facing each other on the couch and I revealed the conversation I’d heard when he was on the phone with Tara. “You said I dressed like Stevie Nicks got dressed in the dark,” I said with and raised my eyebrow to tell him I wasn’t amused. That conversation had haunted me.
“You heard that?” he asked looking mortified. His face flushed slightly red and he said, “I have to explain something here. I was a little infatuated with you and I didn’t know what to do. Tara was asking me all these questions and acting jealous, which I realise now she had every right to be. I was trying to convince Tara you weren’t my type and was also trying to convince myself at the same time. If I could convince myself we were opposites, I thought I’d be able to create some distance. The problem though was that even back then, I couldn’t stop thinking about you. You reeled me in without even trying. I had so many sleepless nights thinking about you. Those little flowery dresses you wore tormented me and I hated myself because I was engaged to someone else. You must know now that I love your clothes, your hair, your painting, your heart, your generosity, everything about you.” His eyes bore into mine with the intensity of his words.
I knew he was telling the truth but I felt like letting him hang for a while and kept my eyebrow raised. “It just wasn’t nice to hear,” I said, pretending to still be offended.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said it,” Dominic said earnestly.
 “It’s okay, I forgive you. Just don’t do it again,” I gave him a cheeky smile again and winked at him. 
Dominic narrowed his eyes. “You weren’t even angry. You just wanted to hear me grovel.” He pretended to look offended and then grabbed me for a kiss. When I squirmed away and giggled, he said, “I’m at least getting a kiss after making me suffer.” 
We looked at each other smiling. Dominic reached out to twirl a section of my hair between his fingers. He said, “You know, I actually don’t really care about the expensive clothes, fancy car and all that. Yeah, I have them because if I turn up to a business meeting it gives a good first impression but beyond that, I don’t really care. I just want to do a good job. I like to be busy and I like to see the results of hard work. When someone puts all their passion, blood and sweat into something, it’s potent. I saw that in your art. That’s part of what I love about your painting. You put your whole self into that. You spend hours in that studio just lost in it. The result of that hard work are these amazing pieces of work that you’ve put out into the world and they give a little insight into what’s going on in here,” he said pointing at my temple. “And in here,” he added, pointing to my heart. 
“I love that about you too.,” I replied. “I love how creative and clever you are. You’re like a magician that makes all these campaigns and events just come to life. You see potential in things that others don’t even see. Like me. You saw it in me. That meant a lot.”
“Of course I saw potential in you. How could I not? There’s so much I want for you. I want to give you everything you never had before Beth, if you’ll let me.” After a pause, he added, “So there’s a lot you love about me then?” He gave me a cheeky grin and I narrowed my eyes at him but I couldn’t help but smile.
“You have to know I love you Dominic. I’ve loved you for a long time. I haven’t been able to stop thinking about you since we met but I pushed my feelings away because I didn’t think you could ever be mine.” I couldn’t believe I’d actually said it. I’d told him how I felt about him and it felt like a huge weight had been lifted.
“So you’re actually admitting it? I knew you loved me,” he said cockily but I could tell from the emotion in his eyes just how much it meant to hear the words. Before I could say anything else, he picked me up in his arms. I squealed in surprise and held on to his neck as he lifted me like a bride being carried to her honeymoon suite. 
“Where are we going?” I asked, laughing.
“Bed,” he said bluntly. “Forget patience. It’s time I showed you just how much I love you Beth.” As he marched us to the bedroom, I squealed in embarrassed excitement. I knew his patience wouldn’t last very long. When Dominic wanted something, he went after it and now it was my turn to do the same.
The next morning we stayed in bed as long as we could then took a luxurious shower together. I tried to hold back my tears under the water, wondering how I was going to cope as I was already missing him. My train was due just after lunch and later as we waited at the busy railway station, we were both tense knowing our time together was coming to an end, at least for now. Dominic had tight hold of my hand like he didn’t want to let me go. Suddenly he pulled me to him and gave me a tight hug. I could smell his familiar pinewood scent on his grey wool coat and I could have cuddled into him forever. I felt his lips kiss the top of my head and he held me even tighter. There was no need for words as we both felt the need to be connected to one another. The thought of leaving him hurt and I desperately trying to choke back my emotions. Finally pulling away from me he said, “I have something to tell you. You have to promise not to be mad.”
“What is it?” I croaked in surprise, my stomach filling with dread. 
“Promise me first and also know that I had our best interests at heart,” he replied.
“Dominic I can’t promise something I don’t even know about.” His face was serious, worried even and I was starting to feel anxious. I should have known what we had was too good to be true and that a bomb was just waiting to drop. “What is it? Just tell me,” I demanded.
He took a deep breath and said, “I bought a house.”
My stomach dropped again. This meant he was serious about staying in London permanently. I knew for certain now that I didn’t want a long-distance relationship. If I had to leave him like this on a regular basis, I didn’t think my heart would survive it. To cover my fears, I tried to put on a smile and brightly said, “That’s great. When do you move in?”
He looked at me confused and tentatively said, “I’m not sure yet. I have some things I need to sort out.”
I nodded trying to stop my grimace and trying to stop my heart hammering in my chest. Dominic’s gaze was focused on me trying to read my reaction as he added, “I wasn’t sure how to tell you. Are you mad? I can’t tell. You’re pulling a strange face.”
“Of course I’m not mad,” I said quickly, in a high-pitched voice. “I’m sure you’ll be very happy in your new home. Better than renting.”
I tried to turn my face away so he wouldn’t see my disappointment but his hand stopped me. He cupped my jaw in his hands and looked intently down at me. “Beth, I bought a house in Breckford. It’s about ten minutes from where you live. I bought it for both of us. I want you to live with me.” Staring at him in shock, my mouth opened and I didn’t know what to say. I was overwhelmed and ecstatic he was moving back up north but as usual he was about ten paces ahead of me.
“I can’t just move in with you,” I said, pulling my face away from his hands. I was too distracted when he was touching me. “I have a house. Where would Jenny live?” I asked.
Dominic held my shoulders, possibly trying to reassure me. “I’ve already spoken to Jenny. She’s happy for us and she can stay where she is for now. I also apologised for how I spoke to her at your exhibition. I know now that she’s been trying to turn her life around.” 
“You spoke to Jenny?” I asked, stupidly just repeating his words again. “You planned all this without even asking me? What about your job? I mean, we’ve only just got together, if that’s what we are right now.” I was rambling as all my worries came tumbling out of my mouth.
“Look Beth. I’ve already told you. I’m all in and yes there is most definitely an us. We’re together, that’s it. You love me. I love you. I’ve already handed in my notice at work and I’ve got some freelancing projects lined up for when I move. I’m coming up this week. I want this. I want us. I want you to live with me so we can be together every day and night. I know you want me just as badly, so stop thinking up excuses and just say you’ll move in with me.”
Once again, I was left speechless. My mind was trying to catch up with everything he’d just told me. I did love him and hadn’t I just been thinking that I couldn’t bear to say goodbye to him if we were living apart? This was everything I had wanted for so many months. The old Beth wouldn’t have taken the risk but this was the new me and it was time I took exactly what I wanted. “Yes. I’ll move in with you.”
“You will?” he shouted ecstatically. Dominic picked me up and spun me around. When he put me down, he excitedly said, “I’m so glad you agreed to move in otherwise I’m not sure what I would have done with the new studio I’ve had built for you in our house.”
“You built me a studio? You didn’t even know I’d say yes,” I replied laughing nervously.
“Babe, I take risks. That’s what I do. You’re everything I want. When you know what you want you have to take a gamble and give it everything you’ve got,” he said seriously. He was telling me I needed to do that too. Maybe with Dominic at my side some of his bravery would rub off on me. 
“I know. I love you so much,” I said. “Thank you for taking a gamble on me,” I added tearfully. 
“You were worth every risk babe,” he replied, as he wrapped his arms around me and placed his lips to mine. I could see my train pull up at the platform but this wasn’t goodbye. In just a few days we would be living together and I knew we would both do everything we could to make sure it was forever.


The end
Thank you

Thank you so much for taking the time to read this book and I really hope you enjoyed it. If you liked it, please consider leaving a review on Goodreads. 
You may also like my first book Blindsided and links to this are available on my website www.lmtateauthor.co.uk
I’m also on Instagram if you want to say “hi”, just search for @lmtateauthor and it would be lovely to hear from you.


