
Club Luxe 
Book 1: The Private Room

By Olivia Noble

Copyright 2014 Olivia Noble 
Cover design by ThunderWords

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
	

Thank you for purchasing this book by Olivia Noble!
To receive a FREE book, sign up for Olivia’s mailing list today:

Subscribe

Chapter One


“Hurry up, Chloe,” Victoria shouted impatiently. “Club Luxe closes their doors in two hours and traffic is already going to be a bitch.” She tapped her foot and lifted her phone to check the time: 8:00 PM.
The sounds of a young woman fighting with her dress and releasing exasperated groans filled the apartment. “I’m sorry, Vica, but I can’t just throw on something and instantly look gorgeous like you do,” Chloe said on the verge of tears. “I’m a total mess.”
Victoria couldn’t help but smile a little as she walked around the corner to assist her friend. Of course, she had absolutely no idea what Chloe was talking about. With cute red curls and buxom, creamy breasts peeking out from a low-cut blue dress, Chloe looked like a man eater. “Honey, you look amazing,” Victoria said reassuringly. “Don’t stress.”
“Really?” Chloe asked sweetly. “Because I don’t feel it. Look at you!” She pointed to the mirror accusingly. 
Victoria did have to admit that she looked great. Her black dress was trimmed with gold, while a daring slit up the side revealed her long and shapely leg. The fabric covered her breasts, but there were tasteful spaces where the material was sheer. Her naturally tanned skin gave her an exotic quality that she took full advantage of. “Yes, but it’s not about how you look compared to me. It’s about how you feel about yourself. If you believe you’re a bombshell, so will the men,” she said confidently. She flashed her friend a smile and gave her a gentle pat on the back.
Chloe seemed like she wanted to say something else but instead let out a sigh. “You’re right. I still can’t believe I’m letting you take me along,” she said as she put her hands on her hips.
“But it’s exciting, Chloe, and this could be a huge break for my career,” Victoria said with a sly grin on her face. “Besides, I’m sure you’ll find someone that makes you forget all your worries.”
“I doubt it,” Chloe huffed with a shake of her head. “I’ll just get a couple drinks and leave after a few hours or something.”
“You can’t, remember? This isn’t a normal club. Once the doors lock, no one gets in or out until the morning,” Victoria explained. “There’s no escape tonight. We’re going all the way.”
Chloe bit her lip nervously and she gulped down some air before saying, “Right, I forgot about that.” She sighed again and stood up straight. “Alright, let’s just get this over with.”
Victoria smiled and squeezed her friend’s shoulder. “My editor is going to love this exposé,” she said with excitement dripping from every word. “Every investigative journalist in Chicago has been dying to get this story.”
“I still don’t see why your boss thinks writing about a sex club is worth anything,” Chloe mused with a tone of disbelief. “What’s so special about a sex club?”
With a coy smile, Victoria double-checked to make sure her recorder was tucked safely in her purse. “Not just any sex club, Chloe. A sex club for the one percent. Society’s elite. A chance to see just what America’s royalty does with their spare time.”
Chloe shrugged her shoulders. “Probably the same as the rest of us,” she said with a roll of her eyes.
Victoria sighed and gave her friend a teasing look. “Honey, I bet you still have sex with the lights off,” she said with a chuckle.
Chloe’s face turned as red as her hair and she looked away. “I just look better in the dark. It hides all my cellulite.”
“What cellulite?” Victoria asked with a laugh. She reached out to pull her friend into a hug. “Oh, Chloe. I do love you, never change.”
Chloe hugged back. “Don’t worry. It’ll take more than a night at a sex club for the ‘one percent’ to take away my sainthood. Besides, I’m only coming to watch out for you.”
“Thanks,” Victoria said softly. “It really does mean a lot to me.”
The girls embraced for a moment longer before Chloe pulled away with an adoring smile. “Let’s go get you that story, Miss Chase.” 



Chapter Two


“Jesus. Downtown is a bitch,” Victoria complained as she veered across traffic in her blue Mitsubishi Lancer, attempting to snag up the last parallel parking spot. The wheels hugged the ground as she drifted into the spot and Victoria let out an exhilarated whoop.
“Do you have to drive like a crazy person!?” Chloe asked in near hysterics.
Victoria just laughed as she opened up the car door and stepped out. “We made it here in once piece, didn’t we?” she asked as she walked toward the club.
“You’re impossible, Vica,” Chloe retorted in irritation.
“You can yell at me later,” Victoria said as she picked up her pace. “We only have ten minutes to get there.”
Chloe huffed and did her best to sprint in the heels she was wearing. Her feet were already aching and she limped slightly as she tried to avoid getting caught in the cracks between sidewalks. The two of them ran down the street and counted the addresses as they went.
“Wasn’t it 504?” Victoria asked as she continued to rush forward. “502… 506… 508…” She stopped and looked around. “Where the hell is 504?” she asked in annoyance. She could easily see building 502 next to 506, but there was nothing for 504. She glanced across street in confusion. 
“Don’t tell me it’s down the alley,” Chloe said with a twinge of fear in her voice.
Victoria looked in front of her to see the eerie looking gap between the two buildings. “It’s worth a shot,” she said with a smile. “Let’s go.”
“Dressed like this?” Chloe exclaimed in horror. “No way! We’re going to get attacked by some creep.”
Victoria turned to her friend and put a hand reassuringly on her shoulder. “Don’t worry. I know kickboxing, remember? I’ll wreck anyone that might try something,” she said confidently. “If the place doesn’t exist, I’ll just drop the story. But for right now I need you to be tough and come with me.”
Chloe nodded softly and took a deep breath. “Alright, but you owe me even more now.”
Victoria smiled softly. “We’ll see.”
The girls took their first step into the darkness of the alleyway. The street lights that illuminated the sidewalks at night seemed to have their light swallowed by some invisible black hole. Within just a few feet they were in near pitch black conditions. Victoria could feel anxiety creeping up her spine as they ventured deeper into the alley. 
“It has to be around here somewhere,” she said nervously.
“Vica,” Chloe said in apprehension, “let’s just go home.”
Victoria shook her head stubbornly. “No. The tickets cost a small fortune. I’m not going to get another chance like this.” She pulled her iPhone from her purse and quickly jabbed her thumb onto the center button. The screen lit up and illuminated the time: 9:55 PM. She groaned in frustration and unlocked the phone to turn on the flashlight function. The bright LED light pierced the darkness until it was nearly bright as day in the alley. Her eyes glanced around wildly to find the proper number. 
“Where are you…” she muttered to herself.
“Is that it?” Chloe asked nervously as she pointed deeper into the alley.
Victoria’s eyes followed her arm and she shone the light to expose the faded number painted over a large metal door. “Yes! It is!” she shouted excitedly. Her pace quickened even more and she nearly dragged Chloe with her to the door. She pounded on the scary-looking iron door and heard a deep echo. When nothing happened she pulled her phone out again to check the time: 9:59 PM.
“You fuckers better open up. I have a minute left!” she bellowed at the door. She pounded again in frustration and sighed as the clock ticked: 10:00 PM. “Fuck!” she cried out.
She felt Chloe’s soft hand on her shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze. “I’m really sorry, Vica,” she said soothingly. “I know how much this meant to you. This is my fault for being a baby.”
Victoria turned around and tried to conceal her grave disappointment. “No, it’s okay. It’s just a story. I’ll find another way,” she said with a forced smile. “Come on, we’ll find somewhere else to have some fun tonight and not worry about work.”
Chloe nodded her head in agreement and the girls began to walk away from the metal door with 504 painted above it. As soon as they took a step they heard a loud grating sound that drew their attention. Both of them turned around to gaze at a bright red light protruding from a small window in the door. A man stood behind metal bars with a stiff expression on his face.
“Tonight’s password?” he asked robotically.
Victoria’s heart soared, and she mentally did a happy dance as she gazed upon the man. She knew the password from memory but pulled the ticket from her purse anyway to present it to the man. “Tremble,” she spoke softly. She motioned for Chloe to do the same.
The man took both of their tickets and turned to enter the doorway. “You arrived just in time,” he said in a monotone voice that lacked any hint of emotion.
The girls followed him wordlessly and the metal door clanked loudly as it shut. They walked down a flight of dark, winding stairs that took them far below the surface of the city. Carefully and nervously, they walked through the dusky tunnels, further and further away from the normalcy of Chicago and into the unknown underground. The melodic sound of music could soon be heard reverberating through the hall as they approached an ornately decorated pair of double doors. In bright fuchsia lettering was a single, glowing word: LUXE. There was a man standing below the neon lights, and he reached for the door handle, stopping only briefly to look at the girls. 
“Next time,” he said with an edge in his voice, “don’t be late.” 


Chapter Three


Soft music played throughout the club. Victoria glanced around and saw that several other people were dressed in a similar way to herself and Chloe. It made her feel comfortable in spite of the alien location. Several men and women looked at the pair of girls with mirth in their eyes, and some even waved. It was obvious that the girls were newcomers. 
“Well, they seem nice,” Chloe said nervously.
“Of course they are nice, Chloe,” Victoria said with a chuckle. “They are insanely rich and getting laid all the time. Why wouldn’t they be nice?”
Chloe laughed lightly. “That’s true. Maybe this isn’t so bad,” she said softly.
Victoria nodded and pointed at the classic-looking mahogany bar off to the side. “Let’s get a drink.” 
An impressive display of dozens of elegant bottles lined the walls behind the bar. As they approached, they could see that the bartender was an attractive man dressed in a black silk vest over a freshly starched white shirt. His sleeves were rolled up and he was in the middle of performing a series of tricks with the bottles as he prepared several drinks at once. He took notice of the girls as they approached and flashed them a smile as he finished his last order.
“What can I get you, ladies?” he asked in a voice as smooth as the fabric of his shirt.
Chloe blushed at the man and hesitated in placing her order. Victoria glanced at her friend and smiled softly as she noticed the red tint in her face.
“What’s good here?” Victoria asked flirtatiously. 
“I make a mean margarita,” he said confidently. “It’s strong, but trust me, you’ll love it.”
“Sounds good. Let’s have two of those,” Victoria decided.
The bartender smiled and reached for a bottle of Patrón tequila. “Coming right up,” he said as he spun the bottle in his hand.
“Are you always so fancy, or is that just to impress customers?” Victoria asked with a sly smirk on her face.
The bartender chuckled. “Little of column A, all of column B,” he responded as he began to mix their drinks.
“I see,” Victoria said as she took her seat. “This is my first time here, so I’m just getting the lay of the land.” 
Chloe joined them, sitting on the stool next to Victoria as she eagerly listened to every word the bartender spoke.
“Fresh meat, eh?” he asked mischievously. “I can help you a little there.”
“Please do,” Victoria said in a sultry voice.
The bartender grinned as he dipped her glass into the salt. The little crystals clung to the glass and looked like diamonds sprinkled on the rim. “Well, the festivities, if you know what I mean, don’t start until the King of Kink says they do,” he began to explain as he poured the drinks for the girls. “Right now, this place is as tame as any normal bar.”
Victoria nodded and glanced around curiously, noting that everyone had their clothes on. “When does that happen?”
The bartender shrugged. “Whenever the king wants. He generally waits about an hour or so to let people get settled in and find their partners for the night. He’s a considerate fellow like that,” he said with a chuckle.
“Mm,” Victoria murmured. “I’ve heard it can get pretty insane in here. What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever seen happen?” 
The bartender smiled at her and shook his head. “Oh no,” he said slyly, “I’m not going to spoil all the fun for you.” 
“Just a little story?” Victoria asked sweetly.
“Where to begin? Group sex on the dance floor isn’t unheard of,” he said with a wink, “but the real action happens in the private rooms. They contain state-of-the-art toys and fancy furniture built just for fucking. Swings, sex machines, mechanical dildos, and everything you can possibly imagine. It was inspired by the Love Hotels in Japan. It’s a sex freak’s paradise.”
“Oh my,” Chloe said with a light blush, wrapping her hands around the large margarita glass timidly. 
“But the rooms have a hefty price tag,” the bartender explained. “Fifty grand for the hour.”
“What?” the girls said in unison. Victoria and Chloe looked at each other in amazement. 
“That’s insane,” Victoria breathed. “I feel like we’re mere mortals on Mount Olympus.”
Chloe screwed up her face in anger. “That’s disgusting. I can’t believe people would waste that kind of money on enhancing their sex lives when there are people starving in the world.”
“Actually,” the bartender said defensively, “the owner of the club—the king—donates all the money to orphanages in Asia. It may just mean a good time to these people tonight, but it goes toward saving lives tomorrow.” 
“Wow,” Victoria said in wonder as she gazed around the club with a new appreciation for the establishment. “That’s amazing. It does feel like a glamorous charity event at the moment.”
The bartender laughed. “Just give it a few minutes. People will be ripping off their clothes and fucking all over the place before you realize it. Everyone goes crazy with all the sex in the air. You’ll see soon enough.”
Victoria clenched her thighs together uncomfortably, feeling her panties grow a little dampened. She needed to shrug the feeling off: she was here to write about the club, not to get involved in an orgy. “I’d really love to meet this king,” she said, changing topics smoothly. “He must be an incredible guy.”
The bartender smirked. “You’ll see him—but meeting him? That’s unlikely.”
“Why’s that?” Victoria pressed on.
“The king very rarely participates. He just comes out and sits on his throne and watches the rest of us,” he replied.
Victoria raised her drink to her lips, growing more intrigued by the minute.
“What about you?” Chloe asked suddenly. “Do you participate?”
Victoria glanced at her friend and was startled to see that she had completely finished off her first margarita. The bartender had a similar look of surprise on his face before his lips formed a smile. 
“Of course I do,” he said as he leaned forward against the bar. His face was inches away from Chloe’s and his dark eyes were smoldering and intense. “Perks of the job
Chloe’s face turned blood red and she averted her gaze slightly. “I see. Well, maybe you can help me start off slow?” she asked shyly.
“I would love to. My name is Dominic,” he said as he leaned forward to plant a soft kiss on Chloe’s lips.
She recoiled and pressed her fingers against her lips in surprise. “I’m—I’m Chloe,” she said with a smile.
Victoria was grinning from ear to ear as she watched the exchange between the two of them. “You two keep each other company. I’m going to have a look around,” she said as she took a long pull from her drink.
Chloe and Dominic nodded slowly as their attention was focused on one another. Victoria turned away, hoping that her friend was in good hands. In an upscale club like this, she couldn’t imagine any real harm coming to her and felt safe going off to investigate the club.
Her dark eyes glanced around the room and she saw what appeared to be classy, well-dressed people conversing. Yet at the same time, she could feel the sexual energy building in the atmosphere. Just how powerful is this ‘king’ to get these people to keep it in their pants? Victoria wondered to herself as she walked. And how powerful must he be to get them to let loose like wild animals? 
Young or old, man or woman, it didn’t seem to matter in this place. She could see groupings of all types gathering and touching each other gently with promises of unimaginable bliss. Part of her wanted to find a partner and experience the club first hand, but she needed to keep this professional. The last thing she wanted to do was make herself the story.


Chapter Four


Victoria took a large swig from her second drink that night. The tingling sensation of the alcohol was already beginning to spread throughout her whole body as she strolled through the halls of the extravagant club. Her limbs were beginning to feel warm and relaxed, even while her mind was busy processing what was going on around her. Men and women would come over to strike up conversations with her, and they would casually reach out and touch her back. She couldn’t quite explain why, but there was something comfortable about the way the people in the club responded to her. 
Those in the room were casually wading in their sea of lust. They all seemed to have a firm understanding that they needed to wait for the king’s proclamation to begin. Victoria found the anticipation breathtaking; it was like waiting for a rock star to come out on stage. Her reporter’s curiosity was getting the better of her. She was determined to do whatever it took to meet this king and find out exactly what made him tick. She was not sure whether her interest was for business or pleasure. Maybe I can mix them? A little won’t hurt, she thought to herself as she continued to explore the sumptuous underground lair.
She was so lost in her own thoughts and observations that she didn’t even notice when a pair of handsome young men approached her from behind.
“Evening, miss,” one of them said.
Victoria turned around to gaze at the two strangers. She was surprised to see the men were a pair of identical twins with matching golden brown eyes. “Well, hello,” she said with a sultry slur of her words. “You two must be popular around here.”
They both cracked a smile at the same time. “You have no idea,” they said in unison. They moved closer, surrounding her body as one moved to stand behind her and the other looked down into her face.
“You should let us show you why,” the twin behind her said gently into her ear as he placed his hands on her hips. 
She glanced behind her appraisingly, but she allowed him the touch. She was both intrigued and overwhelmed by their attentions, and she felt comfort in the fact that she was free to walk away whenever she wished. “I bet we could have a lot of fun,” she mused softly.
“We would love that,” the twin in front of her said with a charming smile.
“Maybe if I get some names and a way to tell you apart,” she bargained with them smoothly. She took the final sip of her margarita and casually handed it to the twin in front of her. 
He took it gracefully and said, “I like this one, brother.” He smiled at the man behind her and moved to place her glass on a countertop nearby.
“Yes,” he said slowly, “she does have fire in her eyes.”
A thrill went down her spine as she realized the men were talking as if they had already conquered their prey. She liked a man that knew what he wanted, but having two was more arousing than she could bear. The twin behind her kneaded the flesh of her hip with strong hands and she moaned at the impromptu massage. 
“When the king allows, my dear. You will be ours,” he said as he deftly slipped his fingers into the slit that exposed her leg. His arm wrapped around her hips as his fingers trailed against the lace trim of her panties. His hand gently brushed over the fabric guarding her mound.
“I might be too much for you boys to handle,” she remarked as her knees went weak. She felt her pussy quiver with pleasure as heat flooded her stomach. Her breathing picked up and her pulse began to race.
“We look forward to having our limits tested,” the twin who had taken her drink replied as he once again took his spot in front of her.
“No woman or man has ever broken us,” the twin from behind said as he slipped his fingers beneath the fabric and touched her sensitive clit.
Images of being fucked by these men filled her mind and their attentions sent a trickle of moisture sliding down her leg. It was insane how turned on she was. She was surprised at how receptive her body was in this environment, and she tried to shake off the feeling. She couldn’t afford to be distracted right now.
“Perhaps another time, boys,” she said with a smirk. “I’m going to browse my other options. I might have to come find you later.”
The twins smiled at one another confidently and stepped away. “We look forward to it,” they said in unison.
She smiled at the two of them and walked away with as much grace as she could muster. Her hips swayed with every step and she could feel their eyes on her rear as she walked. It gave her a thrill but she refused to look back at them. I am Victoria Chase, the best up-and-coming young reporter in Chicago. I cannot let a pair of rich boys get me this flustered!
She glanced over at the bar to see that Chloe was still talking and laughing with the bartender. Instantly, Victoria felt a sense of ease wash over her. As long as Chloe remained out of too much trouble, Victoria felt that she could continue to do her job. 
All the music in the club suddenly stopped, and everyone grew very quiet. 
Victoria felt the energy in the air change before the lights dimmed in the main hall. Everyone turned to look as a spotlight revealed a stage she hadn’t noticed was there before; she found her eyes magnetically drawn to the same spot. Her instincts told her that it was now time for the king’s arrival. Her eyes glanced around and she saw the others in the room exchange excited looks. The footsteps of a single man echoed throughout the club as the king made his way to the throne. She stood on her tiptoes to try to look over people, and tried to move around to look between them to get a better view. She could see the man’s broad bare shoulders and the back of his expertly-styled hair. When he finally turned around and sat down in his opulent throne, her jaw dropped open. 
She recognized him. 
Victoria felt her mouth grow very dry as she stared. The man sat there completely naked, save a golden crown atop his head. His muscles glistened and his strong jawline was set as if he were chiseled from stone. His cock hung between his spread legs casually, flaccid, but Victoria could tell it was a monster when engorged. She couldn’t understand why, but staring up into his eyes took away all sense of reason. Her body ached with need and she couldn’t stop herself from taking several steps closer to him.
“Malcolm Cage,” she said softly to herself in wonder. “You’re this ‘King of Kink’ guy?” A small smile tugged at the corner of her lips. Thoughts of the twins were now completely forgotten, overpowered by the sheer presence of the man before her. “Now I have to mix business with pleasure.”

Chapter Five


“Welcome once again, my loyal subjects, to the private Club Luxe,” Malcolm said in greeting. “If you were invited tonight, congratulations. You are the most elite of the elite.” His lips pulled into a hard smile as his piercing eyes gazed over the crowd. He stood from his throne and felt his balls lift from the wood as he thrust a golden scepter into the air. He proudly displayed his chiseled naked body, enjoying the dozens of eyes that hungrily looked upon his muscular form. “Tonight, let’s party like the gods we are!”
Everyone in the room cheered. Malcolm looked over their adoring faces with deep satisfaction. These Friday nights were always the highlight of his week. He could already feel his stress washing away with the promise of the indulgent revelry that was about to begin. However, there was something different about the club tonight. He squinted as he scanned through the crowd, feeling the weight of an unusual gaze upon him. When he found her, his eyes widened in surprise. Malcolm found himself gripping his scepter tighter as he gazed down at her.
Victoria.
The raven-haired woman looked at him with a defiance in her eyes that was exquisite. Malcolm was taken aback for a moment, before he remembered himself and the role he was currently playing. A devious smile spread across his lips as he looked down at the young reporter thoughtfully. Wicked ideas danced across his mind, and Malcolm knew he could not resist the temptation. 
He began moving toward her, and his balls swayed between his legs as he walked. He moved to the edge of the stage until he was standing directly above Victoria. He felt his cock stir as their eyes became deadlocked in an intense gaze. 
“I’m pleased to see a new face amongst us this evening,” he announced as he stared down at her. His lips pulled into a tight smirk. “Let’s say we give her a special welcome.” 
The others politely clapped their hands and murmured in agreement. Victoria looked slightly nervous and Chloe glanced away from the bartender with concern. A pleased smile appeared on Malcolm’s face as he saw the reactions of the crowd. While he was usually reserved on nights like this, he could not resist the opportunity to toy with Victoria. Besides, if he was honest with himself, it had been a particularly stressful week, and was feeling the need to release his animal side.
“You in the black dress,” he said, pointing directly at her. “Come up to the stage. You will do the honors of beginning our night of lust.”
Victoria flinched ever-so-slightly before glaring at him. “How would you suggest I do that?” she asked cautiously.
“I want you to strip yourself down to nothing,” Malcolm commanded slowly, “and then bring yourself to sweet release in front of all these people.”
He saw a slight flash of fear pass through her eyes. He wondered if she would protest. After only a moment’s hesitation, she lifted her head proudly and took a bold step toward the stage.
“Whatever the king wants,” she said as she slowly climbed the stage. 
There was something hard in her eyes. Even as she obeyed him, she kept a grain of resistance. He admired that, and it stirred his desire to tame her. As she approached him, she slowly began to slip her dress off her shoulders. The fabric easily slid down over her body to reveal luscious, tanned skin. Her shapely breasts were restrained by a sheer bra, and matching panties revealed a small dark spot of wetness. He felt his cock pulse with hunger as he motioned for her to come closer. 
“Start undressing,” he urged her.
“Yes, King,” she whispered as she unhooked her bra. 
When her ripe, round breasts burst forth from the fabric, he made a sharp intake of breath. Her dark nipples tightened into tiny rosebuds as they became exposed to the slightly chilled air. He fought the urge to grab her and wrap his lips around those tender buds to suck on them greedily. She slowly turned and stepped out of her panties, bending over and exposing her swollen vulva for him to see. He growled in his throat as she tempted him. It was rare to see a woman behaving so boldly and possessing such elegance at the same time. 
Slowly, she turned to face him again. Her hands slid down the sides of her body and she stopped to cup her breasts. She tugged at her nipples gently, before sliding her fingers down between her legs. She turned to display herself fearlessly to the audience as she began to circle her fingers in her wetness, massaging her labia thoroughly. 
Malcolm was pleasantly surprised by her confidence and boldness. She did not seem shy in the slightest as she proudly touched herself before all his guests. It would take much more than his usual efforts to unsettle her. He felt his cock throbbing so much that it was painful as he watched her little show. He found himself examining her profile carefully as she turned to him. 
“Does the king enjoy this?” she asked in a husky voice.
He raised his brow and felt his lips curve into a smile. “I would like it much more with my cock buried in your mouth,” he said coldly.
Once again, he saw that flicker of apprehension pass through her eyes, and it awakened the animal inside him. He wanted to pounce and tear her apart, but he labored to keep his emotions in check. He watched her keenly as she gazed at his erect member and he felt himself grow even harder as she licked her lips. 
“Get down on your knees,” he told her in a dark voice, “I want you to worship my cock.”
He watched her body stiffen for a moment in shock, but she quickly gathered her composure. She moved forward and stooped to her knees before him. It was clear to him that she wasn’t used to being treated this way. Yet, for some reason she obeyed. It made him curious.
Victoria glared up at him as she wrapped her fist around his cock. “I would have thought that someone as powerful as you wouldn’t need to see a woman on her knees to feel like a man,” she said dryly.
He couldn’t help but chuckle at her jibe. “On the contrary, my dear,” he said, reaching out to cup her face. “I just thought that you’d appreciate the view.”
Her eyes narrowed at his flippant manner. However, her lips did curve up into a sly smirk. “The view’s not too terrible. I guess I’ll have a taste.” She opened her mouth and stuck her tongue out to lightly lick at his cock.
He groaned in pleasure and felt his back arch slightly at the sensation. He had gone far too long without the touch of another person, and the sensation was far more exquisite because of how he had starved himself. It also helped that the woman on her knees before him was so strong and fascinating. His fingers brushed through her hair as she began to lower her mouth down onto his cock. Her hand reached to grip at the base and she pumped slowly as she tightened her lips around his shaft.
 “Touch your pussy,” he commanded her with a moan. “I want you to come while you suck me off.” He watched as her other hand slipped between her legs and felt her moan against his member as she touched her own sex.
Victoria pulled away slightly to glower at him. “Such a selfish man,” she said disapprovingly. “Making me do all the work.”
“It’s good to be king,” Malcolm responded with a grin. “Now be a good girl and suck.”
Several in the crowed chuckled, but most stood mesmerized by the sight in front of them. Victoria continued to pump his cock with her hand as she sucked greedily on the head. She was startled when the crowd began to cheer and encourage her. 
“Suck, suck suck!”
Malcolm groaned as she responded by sucking more frantically. His hips bucked against her mouth uncontrollably as he tightened his fingers in her hair. He felt her arm pumping against his leg as she furiously fingered her throbbing pussy. The crowd stood transfixed by the sight and Malcolm could feel their energy ready to burst just as he knew he was about to.
“Take my royal seed into your mouth,” he decreed, “swallow every drop of your king’s precious cum.”
She hesitated a moment as if she was mentally debating if this crossed some line of hers. He found her reluctance to be all the more titillating and felt his cock twitch and throb in anticipation of his release. 
She groaned on his cock as she finger fucked herself faster and bobbed her head up and down his shaft. Each time she went down, she took more of him into her throat. He felt his balls tighten up and without warning felt his cock convulse as streams of his seed shot from his shaft. With a roar of satisfaction he leaned back as she kept going. She hardly hesitated as her own orgasm swept through her and she trembled around his cock. 
For a moment she remained on her knees, breathing heavily on the ground.
He felt a rush of pity for her, and he extended his hand to help her stand. She looked up at him in surprise, and took his arm shakily. 
“Did that please your majesty?” she asked once she could rise to her feet. Her hand moved to wipe some of his white juices off her chin, and she licked it off her fingers smartly.
“It does,” he said hoarsely. He looked out to his subjects and lifted his arms in pronouncement. “I claim this woman as mine. The rest of you, have fun. You have my blessing to unleash the beast.” 
Almost as soon as the words left his mouth, the people in the club started to rip their clothes off in frenzied lust. Malcolm was pleased that his show had achieved the desired effect on the club’s patrons. He turned to look at Victoria, as a secretive smile crossed his face. And you, Miss Chase, are just the woman I’ve been looking for. If I have my way—and I always do—you’re going to do something very special for me.

Chapter Six


As Malcolm made his proclamation for the night to begin, Victoria found herself dazed from the aftermath of her orgasm. She had been putting on a brave and sexy face throughout the entire fiasco while trying to keep her emotions buried deep. The billionaire bachelor Malcolm Cage running an illicit underground sex club was the story of a lifetime. She thought she had noticed several other famous public figures and CEOs in the room that she could implicate; this was the kind of exposé that could land her a Pulitzer. She was willing to do anything it took to get all the information out of him that she could. Every time she had tried to interview him in the past, she had been stonewalled. Now, here she was, sucking his cock while fucking herself in front of an audience. The act was the most disturbing, scandalous, and electrifying thing she had ever done in her life. But she felt this was only the beginning.
“I’m all yours?” she asked after she was able to regain her senses.
He turned and placed a hand on her shoulder. “Naturally,” he said in a husky tone. “I want to personally welcome you to my underground castle of lust.”
“I...” she hesitated. “I don’t know how I feel about being treated with such privilege. I hear gaining an audience with you is quite difficult.” Though she tried to appear aloof, her body told a different tale. She couldn’t control the effect his words had on her. While his arrogant façade of being king made it obvious that he was full of himself, she couldn’t help being enchanted by his strength. He stood there like a mountain, unshakable and impossibly large. 
He smiled at her and stepped closer, lifting his arm to cup her breast. “Forget about others. They don’t matter right now,” he said tenderly.
She felt herself nodding eagerly at his words. Stop that! She mentally screamed at herself. “Then I am yours,” she replied, sliding closer to him and placing a hand on his chiseled abdomen. “For whatever tickles your fancy.” At least if I play along, I can get to know him. I can get everything I need to write a story that will blow my editor’s socks off.
She forced a smile and pressed her body into his as she reached out to cup his balls in her hand. They felt heavy in her hand and she rolled them between her fingers gingerly.
He groaned softly and grabbed her wrist, staring into her eyes with a carnal thirst. “Come with me,” he demanded as he led her toward the private rooms.
She nodded and followed his lead, curious as to where he was going to take her. From Dominic’s description of the private rooms, she half-feared what might await her in the club’s darkest recesses. As they retreated from the crowd, she took one last glance back to the people below the stage and saw that some of them were simply fucking on the floor. Men and women were in the throes of lust, moaning and grunting as they unleashed their passions publicly.
I guess this isn’t a game anymore, she thought to herself. Somehow, it turned her on even more to know that she was part of the reason that so many had surrendered to this state. She shuddered at the thought and breathed deeply as the scent of sex filled the air. It caused more wetness to gather between her thighs and she could feel little droplets sliding down her leg.
Victoria followed Malcolm toward the private rooms, and she remembered what Dominic had said about their cost. However, she was startled when he veered off to the right and took her down a second hallway. There was another staircase that led even deeper underground, and she could feel the heaviness in the air. She felt her ears popping as the pressure changed, and she had to wonder just how far this club went into the bowels of the earth. She began to feel dizzy, and wondered if she were only dreaming. This dazzling world was too luxurious and erotic to be real.
Silently, he continued to walk through the hall. More than once Victoria, found herself looking at his toned ass in awe. She wondered what physical activities he did to keep in such stellar shape. Boxing, mountain biking, tennis? She wanted to know everything about this mysterious man. It amazed and annoyed her that she had been chasing him for a story for years, and he had been right under her nose all along. Normally, she considered herself immune to attractive men, but in this situation, sex was her weapon. I’m going to get a lot more than a mouthful of semen out of you, Malcolm. You better watch out.
The thought of mixing sex with her work in this particular way sent a thrill down her spine and she unconsciously began breathing a little more quickly.
“You’re eager,” he remarked.
She blushed and turned away. “It’s just all these stairs,” she lied. She turned back to him and glanced around. “Where are you taking me, anyway?”
“My private room. I’m going to fuck you senseless until dawn,” he said without hesitation.
His words drew a little gasp from her chest. Victoria felt herself go weak in the knees as he wrapped his arms around her body and held her close against him. “Please do,” she begged softly, for she could think of nothing else to say. There was nothing she wanted more in this moment. 
Malcolm lifted his hand to lightly trace her jaw. “Just trust me, love. I’ll take care of you tonight.”
She could see the primal passion in his eyes and it rattled her. She had always seen him as a calm and collected man that maintained control of every situation. It’s why he was one of the youngest billionaires in the world. But now, he was more raw and wild than she could have ever imagined. Is it this place? Or just me? Victoria wondered to herself. The bartender says he rarely gets involved. So why tonight?
She didn’t even realize that she had forgotten to breathe for a moment. Her body was on fire and she stepped into his body to press herself against him. “I trust you,” she told him. “Do whatever you want to me.” That’s right, Malcolm Cage. Let me see all your dirty secrets. The world will truly know who you really are… and so will I.


Chapter Seven


Malcolm looked hard at Victoria. His arms snaked around her and he shoved her against the wall. She struggled for a fleeting moment before giving in and letting out a gasp. He didn’t understand what it was, but something about this woman set him ablaze. His lips crashed against her neck and his teeth sunk into the flesh.
“Oh, fuck,” she moaned.
He lifted her slightly against the wall and put a knee between her legs. It held her in place and he could feel her slick juices sliding out of her pussy and leaking onto his leg. His cock was raging and ached for more release. He could feel her grinding her clit against his leg as her body shuddered. He smiled against her neck and lifted his hand to knead her breast. 
The soft flesh felt divine in his hand. Her breast fit perfectly within his cupped fingers, with her erect nipples kissing his palm. He lifted his knee and her along with it so that he could lean over and take a breast into his mouth.
“Oh my god,” she said breathlessly as she continued to gyrate her hips against his knee. This wanton abandon was unlike her, but she felt helpless in the throes of ecstasy. “What are you doing to me?”
“Everything,” he murmured, lifting his knee to increase the pressure. He leaned close to her ear to whisper in a throaty voice: “Come on. Fuck yourself on my leg like a bitch in heat.”
Victoria gasped at the filthy command, but her body seemed to react in compliance before she could object. She mashed her soaked pussy against his muscled thigh, and Malcolm placed his hands on either side of her buttocks to help guide her motions. He went back to attacking her nipple with his tongue until she cried and moaned against him. He used his teeth to firmly bite and pull at the flesh, until screams of pleasure were ripped from her throat. The sounds echoed throughout the dark hallway.
Her nails dug into his shoulders and he could feel the faint trickle of blood flow down his back. 
“I want you,” she whispered weakly, as she clung to his neck. She pressed her lips against the side of his jaw, kissing him gently and tasting the musky sweat that had gathered there. “Please.”
“Be patient,” he told her firmly. “We have time.”
Victoria felt dizzy as she reached down to grasp his massive cock. “Fuck me,” she requested, wrapping her legs around him and trying to angle her body so that he entered her.
“No,” Malcolm said firmly. “I don’t do that.”
“What?” she asked in disbelief. “What are you talking about? You just said you were going to fuck me senseless.”
“Not like that,” he informed her. “I don’t have vaginal intercourse with women I meet in my club.”
Victoria stared at him in confusion. She gasped out when she felt two of his fingers slide into her. She had no time to contemplate his cryptic words before she felt his fingers pumping rhythmically in and out of her wetness. Her spine curved and her head fell back against the wall as he impaled her aggressively. She moaned out loudly as she gripped his body. Her stomach was on fire and she craved him desperately.
“Please,” she sobbed against his shoulder. “Just fuck me.”
“No,” he whispered. To assuage her need, he inserted a third finger into the slick slit of her pussy. He rotated his wrist slowly before resuming the pumping motion of his arm. He continued to hold her steady with his other arm as he finger fucked her, making sure to pay attention to her clit with his thumb. The sight of her shapely, tanned body writhing against his hand aroused him to a level he hadn’t thought possible. He wanted to throw her onto the ground and drive himself into her mercilessly, just like the animals that inhabited his club. He had always felt like he was superior to them due to his ability to stay in control, but being around Victoria made this challenging. She was beginning to pierce his defenses, and stripping him of his self-control. 
“I’m going to make you come,” he said softly as he curled his fingers inside of her, violently massaging her g-spot. 
Victoria gasped as her hips jerked involuntarily. 
“You’re going to have a mind-blowing orgasm,” he whispered into her ear, “the likes of which you have never felt.” He continued moving his fingers expertly inside her, like a concert pianist playing a sonata. 
Her eyes rolled back into her head as his fingers invaded her most sensitive region. Her hips moved wildly against his hand, her screams growing louder as the pleasure tore through her body in brutal waves. 
“You’re close,” he told her, gently kissing her neck. “I can feel you trembling. Just let go, love. I want you to enter nirvana.”
Victoria wrapped her arms around his neck, clinging to him for dear life as he continued to ravage her insides. “Malcolm,” she whispered brokenly as the earth-shattering orgasm overwhelmed her. Her body quivered against him as though she were in the throes of a small seizure, and her toes curled as a wail was emitted from her lips. 
Malcolm held her close as she shuddered in his arms. He could feel the muscles of her pussy clenching and twisting around his fingers as the vicious gush of liquid erupted from her depths. He pressed himself against her, enjoying every twitch and spasm as the sensations washed over her.
Her body slumped against him quite suddenly and he caught her in his arms. He looked down at her limp body with a satisfied smile. Somehow, seeing her like this had caused a sense of calm to settle over him. She was no longer simply some woman he wanted to fuck, but someone he felt an urge to take care of. Her pleasure had been so intense that she was no longer conscious, and this pleased him greatly. He had not given in to his own carnal lust, but he had quenched hers. Malcolm shifted her in his arms and began carrying her the rest of the way down the hall, toward his private quarters. 
Sleep deeply while you can, Victoria. The night isn’t over yet.
Silently, he carried her into the room and set her down onto the bed. He pulled the covers over her gently. He gazed down at her for a moment, and once he was satisfied that she was resting soundly, he stepped away. His strides took him to the center of the bedroom where he took a seat upon the floor and crossed his legs in a meditative style. He allowed his lungs to take deep breaths as he refocused his mind. 
The tremendous sexual energy he had been feeling before began to wash away from his body. It was replaced with tranquility instead as he continued his breathing. This meditation was the only way he could keep himself under control. He didn’t think that anything had ever affected him like Victoria had, and he was afraid to find out why. For months he had been dodging her requests for interviews, thinking she was hardly worth his time. Though he knew her reputation as an excellent reporter, there was little she could offer him. Now that he had seen her of course, he realized that he had been completely mistaken. There was more zeal and courage in her than he could have believed possible.
Feeling refreshed, he uncrossed his legs and rose to his feet. His meditation had allowed his mind to become centered once more, and he felt in control again. Malcolm took a few steps over to his desk, and sat down on the custom-made ergonomic chair.
Leaning back, he allowed his mind to continue to ponder the woman resting on his bed. He turned the chair to face her more fully and lightly strummed his fingertips on the armrest of his chair. I have you now, Victoria, he thought to himself. You and that brilliant mind of yours. You’re mine.
As he formed his plan in his head, he was startled by a loud growl from his stomach. He looked down in surprise, realizing that he hadn’t eaten all day. Normally, he would have ordered someone to bring him a meal, but with Victoria sleeping peacefully, he decided to wait. He was sure that it wouldn’t take too long for her to stir from her post-orgasmic nap. The fact that it was his methods that had put her in such a state was more than a little gratifying to him. It wasn’t often that he got a woman so worked up so much that she gushed fluid like a fire hydrant and passed out immediately afterward.
Rest well, Miss Chase. I still have plans for you, and you’re going to need your energy.

Chapter Eight
 

Victoria woke up surrounded by soft pillows. Her smooth skin felt silk sheets caressing her nude form. She sat upright slowly and her eyes glanced around the dimly lit room.
“You’re finally awake,” Malcolm spoke softly.
She turned her head toward the sound and smiled once her eyes identified his figure. “No thanks to you,” she retorted. Languidly, she stretched on the sheets, knowing that he was getting an eyeful of her nude body. It sent shivers up her spine, and her nipples became erect again with arousal. “While you aren’t fucking me senseless,” she said with a small laugh, “why don’t you tell me what went through your head when you chose to spend the night with me.”
He hesitated slightly and looked at her with the corner of his dark eyes. “You’re perfect,” he said simply.
She canted her head to the side and regarded him for a moment. Her journalistic instincts were kicking into high gear because of his vagueness. She sat up on her elbows and narrowed her eyes. “Oh, come on. That’s not all there is to it,” she said frankly.
“That’s all you need to know right now,” he responded coldly as he rose from his chair. He crossed the room in just a few strides and pressed a button on an intercom next to the door. He placed an order for food and drink to be brought to the room quickly.
He really does act like a king, she thought to herself as she watched him. “Thank you,” she said sweetly. “I’m starving.”
His lips pulled into a half smirk and he nodded his head. “I figured as much.”
Something about him was different now, and she wondered what it was. Before, he had been so aggressive with her body. Not that she was complaining; she loved it when a man tossed her around like a ragdoll just as much as the next woman. Now, however, he was being almost caring and it unnerved her. She liked it when she could figure someone out quickly and she hated being surprised.
“So do you always bring a girl to your underground cave and fuck them into unconsciousness with your various appendages?” she asked in a snarky tone. 
He laughed lightly and shook his head. “No. I typically tie them up to the wall and get my servants to come fuck them for hours while I watch.” 
Her eyes went wide with a little fear. She studied him closely and could find no hint of deception in his words. She glanced at her ankles and was relieved to find they were unbound. 
“Don’t worry,” he said with a chuckle. “Once I decide to put my hands on a woman, no one else can touch her.”
His words caused a flood of the wetness from earlier to drip out of her sex. Her body trembled under the intensity of his gaze. “I’m not worried. But what if I want to touch some of your guests?” she asked with a challenge in her voice. “Those twins seemed rather charming.” Even though this man thrilled her like no other, she was not some dumb whore to be bossed around. I am Victoria Chase, she mentally assured herself. I can stand my ground.
His dark eyes stormed and he narrowed them dangerously. “Don’t tempt fate,” he said harshly. “I heard how the men and even some of the women of this establishment wanted nothing more than to have you in the position you are right now,” he said as he turned to face her fully. He snapped his fingers for emphasis as he continued, “with just a word I could have a dozen men in here, training your pretty little cunt and dirty asshole until your mind was utterly broken.”
Instinctively, she recoiled until her back was pressed against the headboard of the bed. Never in her life had a man spoken to her in such a way. Never in her life had a man been so serious with his threats. She was afraid and aroused all at the same time. The silk sheets of the bed were suddenly setting her nerve endings on fire as they tantalized her skin. This man is fucking insane… so why do I want him so badly? She didn’t like being confused about the feelings in her own body. For the first time, she found herself with absolutely no idea how to handle a man. 
Fuck him! she shouted in her mind as she swung her legs off the bed. Each step was defiant as she approached him. Though she was afraid, she was not going to be bullied around with harsh words. “Stop grandstanding,” she snapped as she shoved him against the wall.
He looked at her with surprise as he stumbled back. A deep growl formed in his throat but he didn’t move against her.
“You think it’s so amazing that you can get a dozen men to fuck me?” she asked as her anger continued to rise. “Guess what, buddy? I’m a girl. We get double that amount of male attention from walking down the street, taking the subway, sitting in a classroom, or going to the office. We go through life dealing with everyone wanting to fuck us all the time. So don’t act like you’re the champion of the world.”
His eyes narrowed and his nostrils flared as he glared down at her. He moved forward with anger etched in every line of his face. She was afraid that he might actually try to strike her, but she no longer gave a fuck. She had taken down men bigger than him before and she would do it now if need be. It didn’t matter how irresistibly handsome, rich, or important he was.
Abruptly, he broke their eye contact as his head was thrown back. A deep laugh escaped his lungs and his face contorted into a broad smile. “You have some teeth, woman,” he said in between bouts of laughter. “I like that.”
“Good,” she said as the tension left her own face. She reached out to place her hand on his chest, “Because I would hate to not have that fine cock of yours inside me tonight.” Victoria smiled teasingly. “I would settle for the twins, but I don’t think they can handle me.”
His arms wrapped around her waist and he pulled her tightly against his chest. The gesture was almost comfortable and familiar. He moved with such confidence and strength that it took her breath away and it made her body pulse with need.
“Now you’re grandstanding,” he accused with a smile. He combed his hands over her hair. “Just relax, love. Together, we’re going to achieve the kind of bliss that only exists in legends.” As soon as he finished speaking, his mouth descended on her neck.
She could feel his teeth sink into her tender skin, and it sent a shudder of electricity through her body. God, I can’t figure him out... but this is nice.
His hands roamed over the skin of her back and cupped her ass. With strong fingers, he squeezed the muscles in his hand. He pulled and spread her cheeks apart, forcing blood to the area and setting her already engorged pussy to new levels of heat. 
“That feels amazing,” she whispered. His touch was different now, too. He was less rough and more sensual. Was everything that had happened earlier just him acting out some kind of public persona? Was he a different man altogether in private, behind closed doors? It threw her body and mind for a loop of endless confusion mixed with undeniable pleasure. She had to admit that no one had ever made her feel this way before. No man had ever piqued her curiosity to such heights. I will figure you out, Malcolm Cage, she promised herself even as she moaned out loud.
“I should really leave and check on Chloe,” she said breathlessly.
“Chloe?” he asked as he kissed her softly.
It took her a moment to pull the information from her brain. His attention on her body seemed to be blocking her neural pathways from focusing on anything other than him. “My friend. The girl I came here with.”
“Ah. She is fine, I assure you. My security is state of the art,” he said with a smirk as he sank his teeth into her neck.
She moaned at the sensation and pulled his head into her flesh with need. She loved the feeling of his body against hers. His assurance that Chloe was safe set her mind at ease and allowed her to become fully enveloped in her passions. “Malcolm,” she whispered in a hoarse voice. “I love this.”
“I need to fuck you,” he said as he pulled his lips away from her neck. “Now.”
She trembled at the words, eager to feel him filling her up. His hands slithered between her cheeks and found the tender circle of her asshole. It was damp from her juices, and he was easily able to slip a finger inside. She groaned at the pleasure of the intruding digit.
“Then stop teasing me,” she said. “Put your cock inside me, already.”
His lips pulled into that half smirk again and his eyes turned stormy once more. “I will,” he informed her as he continued to penetrate her with his finger, “but I like to do things a little differently.”
“Oh?” she murmured, a little dazed from the new sensation.
“I’m going to fuck you in the ass, Victoria.”
Her eyes registered shock and she pushed herself away from him. “Like hell you are!” she exclaimed. She didn’t mind his finger there, but there was no way she was going to let his monster cock even try to shove its way into her back door. The idea made her cringe. 
Then another thought struck her. 
“Wait,” she said in fear. “What did you just call me?” She stumbled backward as her mind reeled. He had known who she was all along. He had been knowingly toying with her. Her cover was blown. She needed to get away. Fuck!


Chapter Nine


“Did you think you would escape my notice, Miss Chase?” he asked in a calm voice.
She scowled at his casual manner. She had never thought there might even be a slim chance that he could have recognized her. She wasn’t a TV reporter; her face wasn’t all that well known. She was mainly celebrated for her writing. “You really are a king, aren’t you?” she asked hesitantly as she backed away.
He nodded and folded his arms across his chest. “Of course I am,” he said with a smirk.
There was a knock at the door that he excused himself to answer. A waiter was standing there with an elegant serving tray. Malcolm collected it quickly and brought the food into the room, setting it down on the bed. The aroma of a creamy lobster dish filled the room, along with garlic and other spices she couldn’t identify. She could see that it had been served with a delicious-looking baked cheese that she imagined could be something like Gruyère. There was also a side dish of what looked to be expensive caviar. The delectable sight was overloading her senses and making her mouth water, and for a moment she forgot that she should be afraid. 
“So what are your plans now?” she asked as she folded her arms across her breasts. She was feeling very exposed now that her identity was no longer shrouded in mystery.
He chortled lightly as he lay on the bed and began to eat a bit of caviar. “Don’t worry, Miss Chase. Your identity and profession don’t bother me,” he said softly. “To be honest, I actually like having you here.” 
She raised a brow at that. She wasn’t sure how she should respond to him. Once again he was taking her on an emotional roller coaster ride. It’s some kind of game, and god dammit… he’s winning. “You sure know how to woo a lady,” she remarked with a smirk.
“Do you know what I like most about you, Miss Chase?” he asked as he beckoned her to the bed and handed her a fork.
She took it and smiled at him in thanks as she climbed onto the bed with him. “You can call me Victoria,” she said smoothly, “and I’ll call you Malcolm instead of your majesty. So what do you like most about me?”
His hand reached out to touch her thigh gently. “What you just did right there. That you face me head on,” he said as he slid his hand up her leg, massaging her gently.
She couldn’t help but quiver slightly at his touch. There was just something about this man that she couldn’t wrap her head around. These games, his strength, his mind; they all set her body burning with passion. She hated it. She couldn’t stand it. Yet, the longer the two of them interacted, the more she craved him. “Save your pretty flattery for another woman, Malcolm,” she responded hotly. “I’m not going to be one of your loyal followers. I came here to do a job.”
He nodded as he continued to caress her thigh, letting his fingers glide down over her mound. “Of course you did. You should eat first, and I will be sure to give you the complete tour for your story,” he said with a twinkle in his eye. “I’ll show you every sort of depraved act that happens in my underground kingdom.”
Once again, his words caused her body to tremble. Stop it! she demanded mentally. “I’m sure you will,” she said as she shoved her fork into the lobster viciously. “Just not in my ass.”
“Victoria, I told you this already. Once I put my hands on a woman, no one else can touch her. She is mine,” he said strongly. He placed a bit of caviar on his tongue, but kept his gaze on her the entire time.
She could feel her ass tighten in excitement, but she was far too scared of being hurt. It was painful to admit that while she was willing to do almost anything for a story, she could not do this. She took a seat down on the bed and lifted a bit of caviar into her mouth. The delicate flavor caressed her taste buds enchantingly, and she moaned with pleasure. She immediately took another spoonful before looking up at him suspiciously. “If you think this meal is going to weaken my defenses, you’re wrong.”
He looked stunned for a moment as he put down his fork. “Victoria,” he said softly. “You’re going to let me have you in the way I choose.” 
“No. Malcolm,” she said sharply, cutting him off and pointing accusingly between his legs. “Look at that fucking thing! It’s huge, and you were so rough with me outside in the hallway. You managed to make me come so hard that I passed out. Who does that? My breasts still ache and I feel like my insides are on fire!” She huffed and glared at him. She had been swept away in the thrill of those acts in the moment, but there was no way she could trust him with something as delicate as fucking her asshole.
“You loved it,” he commented. “I could see it in your eyes.” 
She let out an exasperated sigh. “Yes, of course I did. What girl doesn’t love it when a strong man pushes her around a little?” she asked with a slight blush. “It’s nice to feel like a woman. It’s just that...” She paused as she gathered her thoughts. “This isn’t my life. I’m here for a job, and I’m not going to let some whack-job billionaire with an ass fetish fuck me with his monster cock, rip me apart, and keep me from living my actual life.” 
He seemed to consider her words for a moment. He then began sliding his hand down her thigh, gently touching her clit. Malcolm’s eyes held a look she couldn’t quite identify. “I’m not like other men,” he said slowly; “you need to trust me.”
She furrowed her brows at his words and became confused. He didn’t give her much time to think about it before he pulled her across the bed effortlessly. The cacophonous sound of shattering porcelain filled the air as the plate she was using crashed onto the floor. She yelped at the sudden feeling of his lips pressing against hers. Instinctively, she found herself kissing back with equal passion. Malcolm shoved the food tray onto the ground. A moment ago, she had been afraid, but now she couldn’t help but get caught up in the whirlwind of lust. What is he doing to me? she mentally asked.
He planted eager kisses along her nude body and only paused to take a breast into his mouth. She arched her back into his touch and felt her pussy dampen with need. She was glad she had been naked this entire time, otherwise she’d have ruined the pair of panties she walked into the club with. 
“It feels like you’re devouring me, Malcolm,” she said breathlessly.
He pulled away from her nipple, giving it a quick flick with his tongue as he looked up into her eyes. His lips pulled into an impish grin. “Of course I am—you taste much better than the lobster. I’m going to eat you alive.”
She tilted her head back and lifted her hands to run her fingers through his hair. She could feel him kiss down her stomach and it made the muscles quiver slightly. His lips traveled past her navel and she could feel the cool wetness of his lips brush against the top of her mound. 
“Will you kiss me?” she asked hesitantly. “Down there? I’ve been waiting for this all night.”
He laughed as his tongue brushed up against her clit. “Then a few moments longer isn’t going to kill you.”
She gasped as she felt his warm mouth enclose around her clit. Tingles flooded through her entire abdomen when he began suckling at her nub, and her pussy quivered with insatiable need. She wanted him more than she had wanted any man before. It thrilled her and terrified her all at the same time. She worked for so hard and so long that she never had time for anyone besides Chloe in her life. Although she would never admit it to herself, Victoria was starved for a bit of human touch and affection. Malcolm’s intensity swept her away and made her forget all about her job. Now, she just wanted to be submerged in the ocean of pleasure he was giving her.
“More,” she pleaded as she bucked her hips. “Consume me.” She could feel her orgasm building in the small of her back and it threatened to explode like a nuclear blast. “I’m so close.”
He began to attack her clit more fervently, massaging his tongue across her flesh. She couldn’t control her hips anymore. They writhed on their own accord, driving her body deeper against his face and increasing her pleasure tenfold. Her legs trembled and her chest heaved with each breath. 
His hands slid down to either side of her labia and spread her lips open wide. He continued to suckle on her clit as he dipped a finger into her swollen pussy, liberally coating it with her wetness. She cried out and bucked her hips against her hands as she felt a second finger penetrate her pussy. 
“That feels amazing,” she moaned.	
He smiled softly as he pulled away and guided her over onto her stomach. Deftly, he lifted her to slide a pillow under her hips, causing her ass to be thrust upward into the air. It made her feel deliciously exposed, and she glanced over her shoulder to see that he was carefully observing her displayed rear. 
“Enjoying the view?” she asked coyly.
“Very much so,” he said as he lowered his chin to bury his face between her thighs.
She could feel his nose penetrate her folds as his tongue ravished her clit. Being in this position made every sensation feel more intense, and even his breathing sent shockwaves of pleasure coursing through her body. She rocked her hips across his tongue, begging him for more attention. “God this feels amazing,” she moaned. 
“You taste so fucking good,” he said as he eagerly lapped up her juices. 
Victoria sighed softly at the sensation. “What do I taste like?”
“Ambrosia,” he said without hesitation. 
She was too mesmerized by his choice of words to respond, but she didn’t have a chance to think of a witty comeback before he was sucking on her clit again and robbing her of all logic.
His fingers grasped her ass and massaged her flesh, spreading the cheeks apart. Blood was rushing to the area, bringing it all to life. When his fingers probed and easily slid into her puckered asshole she lifted her head and cried out loudly. “Malcolm!” she shouted in protest, but she found herself pushing her hips back against his hand curiously. “Be careful,” she whispered with a gasp.
As if to respond to her, he continued to tease her clit with his tongue. He slowly rotated his finger in her ass until she could feel the burning in the tightness of her hole. The mild pain mixed with the pleasure his tongue gave her, creating a delicious combination. Her body began to buck without her consent, and it was more than she could take. The dual stimulation caused her orgasm to erupt through her body like a tidal wave. Her toes curled and she unleashed a scream so high-pitched that she couldn’t believe it was coming from her own throat.
As her pleasured ebbed, she felt her ass clench around his finger. He continued to slide his finger in deeply, and she could feel a second massaging more of her moisture into the area before also prodding her for entry. She wanted to protest but she found that she was unable. She didn’t want him to stop. The pleasure overwhelmed her senses, and she began to press her hips back against his hand. “That feels amazing, Malcolm,” she admitted breathlessly.
"I’m going to fill this pretty little asshole with my cock,” he said with hunger in his voice.
Her ass tightened around his fingers, aching to be filled even more. “No,” she said weakly.
“Then you won’t be getting any cock tonight, Victoria,” he said smoothly.
She looked over her shoulder with narrowed eyes. “Don’t tease me, Malcolm,” she said with flames in her voice. “It’s obvious that you want me just as much as I want you.” She was getting sick of his games.
“I do,” he said darkly, “but on my terms.” He continued to slowly drive his finger into her ass.
Her body shuddered in pleasure; as much as she wanted to deny that this felt good, she couldn’t. “Just have sex with me for real, Malcolm,” she pleaded. She could feel her wetness dripping over her clit. Her insides burned. She wanted him; needed him even. Sadly, he did not seem to want her in the same way. She did not know how to feel about this; she was confused and aroused and desperate.
“This is for real, Victoria,” he said with tenderness in his voice. “This is simply how I have sex, and it’s the only way I’ve done it for years.” He slowly rotated his finger inside her tight hole as he pumped into her and stretched her out. “Other men might not be very good at it, but I’m an expert.”
She bit her lip to keep from moaning out too loudly. It was very difficult to form rational thought with his finger invading her body and unhinging her mind. “God… it does feel good,” she said with a gasp. She couldn’t help but wonder why he needed this; it intrigued her. She wondered if giving him what he wanted would help her find the answers. Was the illustrious Malcolm Cage deeply damaged in some way? She needed to know. She needed to tough it out for information. Victoria took a deep breath in apprehension.
“I’m just… I can’t. I can’t do it,” she said haltingly. While she yearned to be close to him, she could not seem to make herself agree to this.
“Victoria, I know you’re afraid,” he said soothingly as he pulled his finger from her ass. “Don’t be.” He lowered himself to gently lick at her hole, probing his tongue inside the pulsing flesh. When he spoke, his words vibrated against her opening. “Trust me to take you to unimaginable heights of pleasure. Trust me to slide my cock into your beautiful ass and make you feel something you’ve never felt before.” His voice was filled with hunger and passion.
She could feel the intensity radiating from him. She wanted to give in; she wanted to be connected. She wanted to feel everything, even if it hurt. “Oh, Malcolm,” she whimpered.
“Be brave, Victoria,” he said darkly. “Be brave for me and let me inside you.” He lowered his face to bury himself into her wetness. 
Victoria moaned, growing dizzy as his tongue traced circles around the entrance to her pussy. He licked up her folds until he reached her throbbing asshole again. He expertly transferred the moisture from her vulva to her asshole, before inserting a finger again. It slid in easily this time. He licked the edges of her hole as his fingers slid in and out of her. He began to pump faster and she had to bite the pillow to keep from screaming out. 
“Okay,” she said between breaths, so softly that he might not have heard. “Malcolm!” 
He pulled his tongue away from her ass and used his other hand to press two fingers into her pussy. He pressed upward, feeling his own fingers through the thin barrier of skin that separated them, and massaged her inner walls from both sides. 
She could not believe how amazing the dual penetration felt, and she rocked her hips back and forth, fucking herself on his fingers again. “Okay!” she cried out incoherently.
“Okay what?” he asked for confirmation.
“Do it!” she cried out with abandon. “Just do it. Please. I need you inside me. I don’t care how anymore.”
Without hesitation he removed his fingers and lavished attentions on the tender skin of her asshole with his tongue. She writhed under his touch and pushed herself back against his face. His hand continued to finger her pussy as he searched for her g-spot. She could feel his fingers massaging the spongy flesh as the sensations began to wash over her. The room started spinning and she saw a kaleidoscope of colors. A scream ripped from her chest at the sublime pleasure, and her body thrashed on the bed. 
“Please, Malcolm,” she begged in a hoarse voice. “I can’t take it anymore. Will you just put your cock inside me already?”
She felt his thumb brush her skin as lightly as a butterfly. 
“Good things come to those who wait, my treasure.”
These words only enhanced her delirium. Victoria’s head rolled against the sheets in a daze. She felt like she was only barely conscious as Malcolm returned to bathing her ass with his tongue.  The pace of his fingers rubbing her g-spot quickened, and she could feel her building orgasm. 
“Come for me, Victoria,” he ordered, drawing her back to reality. “Then I’ll give you everything you want. I’ll give you things you never knew you wanted.”
With a tiny gasp, she barely managed to nod. She clenched her pussy around his fingers in an attempt to force herself to orgasm. She needed him desperately, and was willing to do anything he wanted in order to feel his cock throbbing inside of her. “God, yes,” she said as she gyrated her hips against him. She pressed her face into the pillow to muffle her cries. “Malcolm,” she whimpered.
His thumb kneaded her clit while his fingers aggressively probed her intimate depths. It was far too much for her to take. His magical touch and demanding presence caused an explosion of pleasure to erupt through her body. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she gripped the sheets of the bed so tightly that her knuckles became bone white. She found her entire body quivering uncontrollably, especially the muscles in her thighs. It was so intense that it was almost painful, and she arched her back and neck to try and keep her nervous system from overloading. 
Time seemed to stop for a moment as her brain shut down to give way to her ecstasy. It must have been one of the most powerful orgasms of her life; it definitely challenged the one she’d had earlier.  She was only brought back to reality when she felt the cooling sensation of a slick liquid being poured down the crack of her ass. She turned her head back to watch Malcolm out of the corner of her eye. She saw him looking at her intensely. 
“Are you ready?” Malcolm asked her softly. 
She nodded, still unable to speak. 
“Just relax,” Malcolm whispered as he aligned his cock with her ass. He rubbed the bulbous head over her entrance in slow circles. 
Moaning softly, she tried to push her hips back onto his shaft. “Stop teasing me, Malcolm,” she groaned with displeasure. “I’m yours... take me!”
That was all the urging he needed. His body shook with lust and hunger as he slowly pushed his cock into her ass. She gripped the pillows tightly and held her breath as the initial wave of excruciating pain caused her entire body to weaken and grow limp. 
“Relax,” Malcolm said as he ran his hand over her lower back soothingly. “Just breathe, Victoria.”
She followed his instruction and exhaled a shaky breath. She tried to will herself to relax, and as soon as she did, he sensed this and seized the opportunity to plunge himself deeper inside her. Victoria cried out and threw her head back in pleasure as his cock invaded her bowels. Tears gathered in her eyes at the burning sensation, and her legs quivered. His massive cock stretched the taut muscles of her ass, thrusting deeper until she felt all rational thought escape her mind. Her body was just a lightning rod of pleasure as she allowed herself to give in to her passions.
Her chest felt heavy; it was like her lungs couldn’t get enough oxygen for the rest of her body to function and she needed to take in as much as she could or risk passing out. 
“You’re not a king, Malcolm,” she said between gasping breaths. “You’re a fucking god.”
“I am,” he said roughly as he grabbed her hips. “And it’s like heaven inside you.”
Victoria looked back at him with hooded eyes. “Do you always get so poetic when you’re ass-fucking women?”
“Only with you, my treasure.”
She scoffed at this and turned away to hide her blush. “Shut up and fuck me harder.”
He forced the veiny shaft of his cock deeper into her ass. Now inside, he began to pump his hips rhythmically. She stiffed slightly as pain shot through her center; it quickly gave way to pleasure, and she couldn’t stop her hips from naturally falling back onto his cock. 
“God,” she whispered as she felt her walls tighten around his cock in a stranglehold. “You’re huge.”
“I’m just going to stop moving until you relax,” he said calmly as he held perfectly still.
“No,” she said as she tried to move her hips to take more of him. “This is torture. I want you. I want you so badly.”
“Victoria,” Malcolm groaned, as he lost some of his resolve. He placed his hand on her tailbone as he forcefully pushed his cock into her ass. He pulled out slightly, and slammed himself back inside. 
A wanton cry of ecstasy left Victoria’s throat as she writhed against him. Her body seemed to want to get away and get closer at the same time. Her body was at war with itself, and she felt like both sides were losing. 
Her mind was torn somewhere between agony and rapture, and she felt like she was drowning. 
“Malcolm,” she whispered. “I don’t know what you’re doing to me, but just do it. Stop tormenting me and do it.”
He tightened his grip on her hips with his powerful hands, and pumped himself into her faster. Each thrust elicited a loud moan of pleasure. There was so much sensation flowing through her body that she feared that she would somehow die from the unbearable bliss.
“This feels too good to be real,” he gasped out as he fucked her. “You must be a goddess.”
“I sure do feel like one tonight,” she whispered weakly. “Come inside me, Malcolm. I want to feel you come.” She was a little shocked at herself for how much she needed this. She clenched the muscles of her ass tightly around his cock, trying to give him more pleasure. She could feel him throbbing and pulsing, and it was sending her over the edge to know that she could affect him in this way. 
His thrusts became more frantic at her words and he began to penetrate her more deeply. She could feel the head of his cock slamming deep into her body where it felt like a man should not be. Yet it thrilled her to know that this man was. The feeling of her orgasm building in the depths of her womb was once again present. She rolled her hips, grinding her clit against the pillows. 
His cock swelled inside her ass, stretching and stroking her inner muscles wildly. She cried out over and over as he fucked her. Finally, her pussy quivered as the tension built to a climax and tore through her. Moisture gushed out of her, slowly dripping down her thighs. 
The spasms of her ass milked his cock as he pounded her, and she could feel him begin to erupt inside her. Spurt after spurt of his seed filled her ass with a most unusual sensation. It was not quite as satisfying as she had expected, but it was still wonderful. When he pulled out, she could feel their combined juices flowing over her body.
“Okay,” she said as her body slumped against the bed. “You win.”
“Win what?” he asked with slight confusion.
“You’ve worn me out. Congratulations,” she said with a tired smile.
A light chuckle escaped his lips as he fell on the bed next to her. “Honestly, Victoria, you wore me out too. We’ll call this one a draw.”
“Don’t give me that charity,” she teased, turning over so she could put her leg over his body and snuggle up against him.
He put an arm around her and drew her close as if it were the most natural thing in the world. “Seriously! I’m spent. I think I need a few hours to recuperate.”
“I see,” Victoria said with a smirk. “I suppose that just means we’ll have to resume after a small nap. I’m still locked up in here until dawn, right?”
He nodded and planted a kiss on her lips. “Yes, my treasure.”

Chapter Ten


Malcolm gently caressed Victoria’s sides as she lay in his arms. It was infinitely calming. This was a mistake, Malcolm. You’re a fucking idiot, he mentally berated himself. There was a good reason he tried to avoid having sex with strange women. It only ever led to heartbreak and tragedy. Especially with a woman like Victoria. Yet, he couldn’t stop himself from holding her close to him and reveling in her nude flesh against his. 
“I didn’t take you for the spooning type, Malcolm,” she said sleepily as she pressed her ass against his groin.
He could feel himself begin to stiffen and a smile tugged at his lips. “There are a great many things you don’t know about me.”
She sighed contentedly. “Don’t worry. I’ll find all of them,” she said in a lazy voice.
He chuckled lightly. “If your reputation holds a fraction of truth, I’m sure that you will uncover things about me that even I didn’t know.” Though he knew there were some secrets he wanted her to know for the sake of his goals, there were others he preferred to keep buried. 
“Let’s start with why you don’t have sex with women the normal way,” she said curiously as she cuddled closer to his warmth.
He was silent for a moment. “It’s just safer,” he finally explained. “I don’t even know if you’re on birth control. What if I came inside you and made you pregnant? Would you be busting my door down nine months later for money?”
She abruptly yanked herself away from him and bounded off the corner of the bed. She stood up with arms crossed and stared down at him angrily. “Whoa, buddy. What the hell kind of girl do you take me for?” she asked indignantly.
Her anger bothered him; he had only meant his words as a joke. Why do I even care if she’s angry or not? “I don’t know,” he mumbled. “I’ve only fucked you. It’s not like we’ve had a decent conversation.”
She furrowed her brows. “And whose fault is that? I’ve been trying to get an interview with you for months and you’ve blown me off every time.”
A frown overtook his features as he nodded slightly. “You’re right. I have been blowing you off. I generally despise reporters. Most of them are parasitic scum trying to suck whatever they can from people with real jobs,” he said venomously. “They have zero regard for who they hurt.”
“Wow!” She put her hands on her hips and glared at him. “I think you’re confusing reporters with the paparazzi. Real investigative journalism is about finding out the truth and sharing it with those who deserve to know,” she said hotly. “It’s an honorable profession.”
He raised a brow and sat up on his elbows to look her in the eye. “You’ll have to forgive my skepticism, Victoria,” he said dryly. “Real investigative journalism is dead. Reporters are trading in their honor for quick cash.”
She released a sigh and crossed her arms. “You aren’t entirely mistaken.” Her eyes grew sad as she turned to sit down on the bed. “No, Malcolm. I would not shake you down for money in nine months.” She glared at him before continuing. “I am on the pill. If you had fucked me normally, and by some one percent chance, you did get me pregnant, I would take care of my own baby. I highly doubt you’d make a good father anyway.”
Pain flashed through his eyes, and he turned away to hide his emotion. 
Victoria could see that her words had wounded him, and that he had become lost in his own mind. The air between them felt somehow colder. She swallowed, feeling a bit guilty, and reached out to touch his face. He turned to glare at her with a fiery look in his eyes and a deeply knitted brow. She hesitated before lifting her chin to gently plant a kiss on his lips. 
“What’s wrong, champ?” she asked tenderly.
The question caught him off guard and a lump formed in his throat. “Nothing,” he said quickly.
She shook her head and brushed her fingers along his jaw. “You can’t lie to me, big guy. It’s my job to see right through that.”
He nodded in defeat, a bit upset at himself for being so transparent. Malcolm’s lips parted to emit a heavy breath. “I’m not ready to discuss this tonight.”
She nodded and crawled closer to him so that she could plant a kiss on his forehead. Then she relaxed against him gently with no further questions.
Malcolm swallowed. The familiarity he felt with her frightened him. He never let anyone in like this, yet she was finding a way to get him to open up.
“You know,” she said softly, “I came in here initially to do a story on the club. I never expected to find you here.”
He turned to gaze at her thoughtfully. “I figured as much,” he said as his lips turned into a smile. “Now that you’ve seen the infamous Malcolm Cage running a sex club, what will you do?”
She shrugged as she ran her fingers over his chest. “Kill the story,” she said with a sigh. “It was crackpot journalism anyway.”
The feeling of her fingers on his chest spread warmth throughout his body. Her words meant a great deal to him. “I appreciate that,” he said seriously. “It would be very bad for business.”
“That’s not surprising,” she said in mirth. “I noticed a lot of things with questionable legality going on and I know the club isn’t registered.”
He raised a brow and nodded. “Indeed. What does irritate me is how you found out about the club in the first place.”
She laughed. “You’d have known not to underestimate me if you had let me have an interview. There is no secret I can’t find eventually, champ.”
He couldn’t help but smirk at the confidence she exuded. “So why write this story at all? It seems a little low-brow to expose a secret club.”
Her shoulders rose in a shrug. “Because of the nature of the patrons here and what some of them claim their politics are,” she said as she pointed to the door. “I saw at least one senator in there with a cock in his mouth,” she said in disgust. “Just last week he was condemning gays!”
Malcolm tilted his head as she spoke and nodded in agreement. “It is rather hypocritical,” he said thoughtfully. “You know what? Write the story.”
She blinked at him in surprise. “What?”
His lips formed a smile. “Rat that bastard out. If he wants to suck cock, that’s his business,” he said with irritation in his voice. His fist clenched as he continued. “If he’s going to use the anonymity of my club to suck cock while bashing a whole group of people, that’s my business. I won’t tolerate it.”
She leaned over to wrap her arms around him and planted a kiss on his cheek. “Thank you, Malcolm. I’ll make sure to leave you out of it.”
Once again, his face displayed surprise. He slowly wrapped his arms around her waist in return. “You’re welcome, Victoria.” He felt so comfortable with her in his arms that he struggled to let her go. “I expect it to be an amazing story.”
She winked at him. “All my stories are amazing.”
He lay down on the bed, pulling her back down with him. “I do have one favor to ask though.”
“What’s that?” she asked skeptically.
“I have a... different story I need you to work on,” he said cryptically.
She could feel his muscles tighten under her hands, and she instinctively knew that this was serious. She pulled away to regard him with suspicion. “What kind of story, Malcolm?”
He waited a moment before responding. “It’s a human interest piece.”
“And?” she prodded. 
Malcolm pulled his lips into a grim line. “It’s similar to the story that made your career.”
She looked at him with wide eyes, recoiling from his body in fear. “No,” she said immediately. “I swore I would never do a story like that again. It wasn’t worth the cost.”


Chapter Eleven


She couldn’t calm her heart. It just kept beating faster and faster. It was hurting her chest so much that she was afraid she might be having a panic attack. She had moved off the bed and begun to pace around the room erratically. She lifted her hands to press her palms against her temples. 
“What do you mean it wasn’t worth the cost?” he asked in confusion.
She shook her head and her hands began to tremble. “No. Just no,” she said quickly. She continued to back away from him.
“Victoria, I need your help,” he said gravely.
The words echoed in her mind. They were not the first time she had ever heard them. “Malcolm,” she said firmly. “I can’t do that kind of story ever again. Not for any amount of money or prestige. There are certain lines I won’t cross.”
“Victoria,” he said gently. He stood up from the bed and approached her. 
She lifted her hands to put a barrier between them. “Don’t touch me.”
He stopped a few feet away, staring at her quizzically. “There must be something I can do. What would it take for you to help me?”
Victoria shook her head firmly. “Nothing in the world could make me write that story. Not even a job at the Chicago Tribune.”
He grimaced. “Funny. I could certainly promise you that,” he said lightheartedly. “I have some connections.”
She rolled her eyes and put her hands on her hips. “Of course you do. You might be a billionaire, but you’re still just a man.” she said in exasperation. “Men always think that their cock or their wallets can solve all the problems of the world.” Her lips pulled into a grim line. “Whose kid was taken that you need to find anyway?” she asked, even though she knew better. Stop being nosy, Victoria. Curiosity killed the reporter.
Malcolm looked at her with granite in his eyes. “Mine,” he said in a low voice.
She flinched in surprise. The darkness in his tone unsettled her, and she stared at him for a moment before the anger in his steely eyes was too much to bear. Victoria lowered her gaze remorsefully. She had worked closely with parents who had lost their children, and experienced firsthand how it tore them apart. Sometimes, they never recovered. Her stomach sank. She had not realized that this strong, capable man that she was growing so fond of had such a heavy burden in his past. She wished that she could take it all away, but she knew that it was impossible. 
If she stepped into this minefield, it would only end up hurting both of them. She was only just getting her life together, managing to establish herself in her career, and even saving up a bit of money. She couldn’t toss everything away—including her health—over a wild goose chase that would only end in tears and heartache. “Malcolm... I’m so sorry, but I really can’t help you.”
“You can’t?” he repeated with mild amusement in his voice. He turned his back to her, moving over to his desk to pour himself a glass of scotch from a crystal canister. “Let me put it to you this way, Victoria,” he spoke with a hard edge in his voice. “You’re a smart girl and you know it’s in your best interests to help me. I could be your greatest ally,” he said with a smile, “or your worst enemy. It would be a shame for a young reporter with such talent to suddenly find herself out of work.”
Victoria swallowed sharply. She felt fear envelop her body. It was almost as if the reaper himself was standing behind her with a scythe curled around her neck. “You’re threatening me?” she asked as her fists clenched. She couldn’t believe that after the wonderful sex they’d just had, and how sweet he had been a moment ago, he would be doing this now. She should have known that there would be a price to pay. There was no way that such a handsome and powerful man would want to be with her without an ulterior motive.
“Not at all,” he said in a terrifyingly sweet voice. “I’m merely stating the obvious. You have talents that would be put to waste if suddenly you got a call from your boss to pack up your things.” 
She glared at him with such fury that she hoped he would burst spontaneously in a shower of blazing gore. “You’re an asshole, Malcolm. It’s no wonder you need me for this kind of story,” she snapped. “Did the mother think you were a monster as well?”
He closed the distance between the two of them in an instant. She recoiled slightly in preparation for what she was sure was going to be a slap across her face. Instead she felt a gentle hand on her shoulder. 
“Yes,” he said in a hurt tone. “I know that I am a monster, Victoria. But even monsters love their children.” He released her shoulder and looked at her solemnly. “My daughter was brutally taken from me years ago. I need you to help me find her.” He looked like he was about to say something more, but then he shook his head and moved away. He sat down in the chair by his desk and placed a hand in his hair with frustration. “I’ve tried everything Victoria, but it’s all been dead ends.”
She clenched her jaw together tightly. Now she knew why Malcolm needed her. She wanted to say something sharp and cutting to release her guilt as a sword of rage. His words had stunned her into silence, however. Having worked diligently on similar cases in the past, she knew that with how long his daughter had been gone, it was unlikely she would be found. She could feel the agony in his eyes and her heart melted under his gaze. “I just can’t,” she said weakly. 
“You said the same thing about anal sex,” he commented. “I think you’ll find that I can be very persuasive.”
“That was different!” Victoria shot back. “A little pain is nothing compared to a life or death situation. I refuse to do this.”
“Why?” Malcolm prodded. “It seems unlike you to turn down a story.”
“Do a little more research and figure it out on your own!” she finally snapped. She turned her back to him and looked down at the floor. I won’t let another family burn because I couldn’t leave things alone. Some things that are lost should never be found.
“You’re going to help me,” he informed her casually. “You’re a smart girl. You’ll soon see that it would be very unwise not to help me.” 
“Like hell I will. You can take all your macho posturing and shove it,” she informed him.  
“I think it’s best that you leave, Victoria,” he said softly. “It’s getting early. The doors will open up soon.”
She turned around and nodded. “I was a little disappointed that with all this fooling around, we never got to have real sex. But now I’m glad we didn’t.”
“There are certain lines I never cross anymore,” he informed her strongly. There was a pause, before he began to speak again. “When I was younger, I was reckless. I didn’t totally understand the consequences of my actions. I made a lot of money very quickly, and I didn’t know what to do with it. I didn’t know it would make me a target for all the evil and selfish people in the world. Now, I’m not quite as naïve and innocent as I used to be. I’m careful.”
Glancing at him appraisingly, Victoria felt her heart ache for him. “Malcolm, you’re not a monster,” she said softly.
 He said nothing for a moment, but gave her a strange half-smile. “We’ll see about that, won’t we?” he asked with darkened eyes. They seemed to twinkle with mischief and sinister designs. 
Victoria took a deep breath. “Will we?” she asked nervously. 
“Yes,” he responded, moving close to her so that he could slip his arms around her waist. “Just so you know, my treasure... you haven’t seen the last of me. Not by a long shot.”
She tried to repress her shiver and calm the butterflies in her stomach, but this man had the strange ability to unsettle her. She pulled away and cleared her throat. “I still need to follow up on my senator,” she said, attempting a lighthearted change of subject.
“Indeed,” Malcolm murmured. “He’s still here, so now is a good chance.” He gave her a half smile and moved over to the door. Opening it slowly, he turned to look at her. “Goodbye, Victoria.”
She hesitated, feeling a bit awkward and guilty about leaving so abruptly after the events of the night. She walked up to him and leaned in to lightly kiss him on the lips. “I’m sorry that I can’t help you.”
He stood there as rigidly as a statue, and did not kiss back. “I’m sorry as well,” he informed her in a distant voice.
Victoria fought to pull herself away from his large and chiseled body. While she knew that she should get as far away as possible from this man who was threatening her, she couldn’t help being powerfully and magnetically attracted to his strength and presence. “Goodbye, Malcolm,” she finally said. 
“You can find me here every Friday night,” he informed her. “Don’t be a stranger.”
She actually hoped she would get a chance to come back again, but she knew that she couldn’t afford the tickets. “I’ll need to find better parking,” she said with embarrassment. 
He laughed. “One moment,” he said as he stepped away from the door. He walked over to his desk and picked up a card. In a few quick steps he was in front of her again. “Just call the number on this card. You and your friend can come back anytime.”
“Shit!” she exclaimed. “I nearly forgot about Chloe. I hope she is alright.” Her voice was filled with worry. Chloe was so shy and such a good girl. There was no way she was having a good time. An overwhelming feeling of guilt washed over Victoria as she imagined the worst happening to her friend.
As if sensing her guilt, he reached out to squeeze her elbow. “Don’t worry. Like I said, I have excellent security.”
His words did reassure her slightly and she nodded. “I still need to go check on her.”
“Of course.”
“Is there somewhere I can shower first?” she said shyly. “I feel so filthy.” 
A smile crossed his lips and he pointed down the hallway. “Third door on the right is my private bathroom. There are some in the main area as well, but I wouldn’t recommend using them. At this time of day, people are typically having one final orgy in there before the doors open.”
She took the card and glanced at it quickly. It was a black business card with silver lettering.  “Thanks,” she told him softly, before turning to leave. She walked down the hallway slowly, feeling a great sense of loss settling in her chest. She turned to look back, and found that he had already shut the door and retreated into his room. He didn’t even care enough to watch her leave. Her heart sank. She began moving with more conviction toward the shower, eager to get clean and back to her real life.
Mentally, she made a note to check on the senator before she left, hoping to catch him in the act. Various headlines danced across her mind, and she imagined how she would soon annihilate the career of the senator of the great state of Montana.  


Chapter Twelve


She couldn’t get Malcolm out of her head. The sophisticated shower sent warm water flowing over her body from multiple angles, trying its best to cleanse her mind of the memories—but to no avail. His strength, his passion, and his mind had invaded her soul. 
“Damn you,” she hissed out as she winced in pain. Her ass was sore from the pounding it had received earlier. She couldn’t believe she had let him do that to her. His skillful hands and honeyed words had stripped her of her inhibitions and broken through her fear. The worst part was that it had been amazing. In the moment, she had been so swept away that her ability to feel pain had been dulled—but she knew that she would pay for it in the morning. She was sure that sitting down would be unpleasant for a week. Still, she could not understand why the memories made her body ache with need for more. As she closed her eyes, the feeling of his cock sliding up her ass made her whole body tremble. 
It wasn’t enough. She needed more. 
Victoria let out a frustrated sigh as she leaned against the elegant marble walls of the shower. Her hand slipped between her thighs and she inserted two fingers into her pussy, imagining that it was his thickness sliding into her. “Malcolm,” she moaned out softly, imagining him fucking her in the way she truly wished to be fucked. The way he simply wouldn’t do. 
As pleasurable as the experience ended up being, she couldn’t help but feel unsatisfied by the entire ordeal. She felt like there had been some crucial element missing from the anal sex; some closeness or affection that she craved. She had wanted to connect with him, but he had used her own body as a barrier to their intimacy. Don’t be stupid, Victoria. You don’t have time for relationships anyway. Especially not with men like him. She ripped her fingers out of her body and smacked the wall with her fist in exasperation. She hated how weak she was being when it came to Malcolm. She shouldn’t want anything to do with him now, after his threatening and coldness, but she couldn’t stop herself. 
Angrily she reached for the bottle of shampoo and squeezed a liberal amount into her hand. She set it back on the shower caddy and lathered her hair with the softly scented gel. Almost instantly, she began to feel better. The sweat that had collected throughout the night was washing away along with some of her bitterness. The soothing feeling of her hair becoming clean was only surpassed by the feeling of her fingers kneading her scalp. She sighed a little at the feeling and her mind drifted to Malcolm’s touch.
“Stupid, selfish man!” she muttered to herself as she rinsed her hair.
“I resemble that remark,” a dark voice said from behind her.
Victoria spun around to face the intruder and her eyes narrowed at the sight of Malcolm holding open the glass door to the shower. His chest and face were partly obscured by the steamy fog from the hot water, and he looked unearthly. “What are you doing here?” she asked with a hint of dread in her voice.
“I couldn’t stay away from you,” he said as he took a step closer to her.
She gulped down some air and crossed her arms over her breasts unconsciously. His naked muscles rippled as he stepped forward, and her body quivered at the sight of him. She could feel his eyes wandering over her and she felt hot under his gaze. “Malcolm,” she whispered.
He didn’t give her much chance to speak as his arms quickly wrapped around her waist. His lips crashed into hers like a tidal wave, and she was so caught up in it that she couldn’t breathe. She was drowning in his kiss and loved every moment of it. His passion inundated her with more force than the expensive shower jets, and bathed her far more thoroughly. Her arms pulled him closer to her and she slowly traced her fingers up his back.
“Victoria,” he groaned in agony. “I need to have more of you.”
His words sent shivers up her spine. Tears pricked the back of her eyes as she began to feel the tiniest twinge of hope. “I need you too,” she whispered, clinging to his neck. Had he somehow sensed her restless and unsatisfied state? Would he give her the fulfillment she desperately wanted?  It was impossible for her to explain why her body reacted so strongly to him, even as her mind warned her to be careful.
Malcolm firmly cupped her breasts and began to knead them with his hands. He guided her until her back was pressed against the wall. He kissed down her neck slowly, biting her flesh along the way. She pressed her hips into his body and her hand gripped his heavy cock. She could feel his teeth sink into her neck as she began to pump his hardness.
“Stop,” he whispered, catching her wrist. “I want to make up for earlier.”
She looked at him with narrowed eyes, curious as to what he meant. He reached out to the shower rack and picked up a bottle of luxurious body wash and a loofah sponge. Popping open the cap, he squeezed some of the gel onto the sponge, generously coating it before pressing the soft sponge against her chest. With sincerity and caring in his eyes, he began to lather her body with the foaming gel, drawing pleasurable circles around her breasts. He slid the loofah across her abdomen and over her sides, gently exfoliating and stimulating her skin. Small trails of bubbles formed on her skin as the sponge massaged the gel into her body. 
“Such a generous king,” she teased as she watched him bathing her.
A chuckle escaped his lips. “You have no idea,” he said softly. His hands moved over her arms and neck, leaving soapy clouds in patches along her body.
“Then it’s a good thing I make it my job to always have an idea,” she said with a slight moan. 
Malcolm smiled at this, and lowered himself to his knees so that he could wash her legs. 
She stared down in surprise, finding something heartwarming in the fact that he was confident enough to take this posture. It was the posture he had forced her into earlier, in front of everyone. What did it mean that he would now kneel before her? Her thoughts were distracted by the sight of the water running over his muscles in a gorgeous cascade. She couldn’t help admiring his body as he cleaned her flesh. His touch was so strong and gentle at the same time. “You are such a beautiful man,” she whispered.
He looked up at her tenderly. “Thank you for saying so, but you are the beautiful one here, Victoria.”
Her face flushed at the compliment. She was used to men praising her beauty, but it had so much more gravity when it came from him. He did not seem like the type to dish out meaningless flattery. Her body and mind craved his warmth and attention. The fact that he wouldn’t make love to her had left her feeling dirty and cheap—and frankly, quite lonely. I’m a fool. Damn him and his hold over me! she mentally scolded herself. “Why me?” she asked him, running her fingers through his short wet hair. “Why did you want to spend the night with me?”
“I admired how brave you were up on stage,” he said with a smile as he ran the loofah over her thighs. “You were fearless.” His fingers pressed into her calves and massaged her muscles gently. 
She could feel the tension and stress she had been carrying wash away with his touch. “I wasn’t fearless,” she confessed. “I just know how to put on a brave face publicly, in front of strangers.”
“An important skill in the business world,” Malcolm told her. “You’re strong, Victoria. You’re resilient and determined. I admired the way you dealt with my torment and I rather grew to... like you.” He paused and tilted his head to the side as he gazed up at her. “I wanted to make it up to you.”
“By fucking me in the ass?” she rebuked. “That’s a warped way of making it up to a girl and showing her you like her!” She could not keep the disappointment and hurt from her voice.
“You’re right,” he admitted as he rose to his feet. He wrapped his arms around her and placed a kiss on her lips again. “I admit that I don’t have the best social graces. It’s hard for me to trust women—especially considering some of my experiences. Gold diggers, psychos, and just plain heartless bitches. I’ve seen it all. Not to mention my ex-wife who ran off to South America with my kid—or god knows where.”
Victoria could feel his pain in the way his body tensed up when he spoke about his past. “Malcolm,” she said softly. “I’m sorry for everything you’ve been through.”
“It’s all over now,” he told her gently, as he ran the soapy sponge over her back. “I’m sorry that I took it out on you. I know that you didn’t deserve that.”
She rested her cheek against his chest contentedly as the water washed over them. She usually didn’t care much for apologies, but it somehow meant more coming from a man like him. He did not seem like the type to apologize for anything. “It’s okay,” she said softly. “We all have our demons.”
Malcolm held her close for another moment before returning to massaging her body with the sponge. He dragged it gently over the muscles of her rear, as if trying to ease some of the pain he had caused her. 
She allowed herself to moan softly. She could get lost in his tender touch. “Malcolm,” she whispered. 
“Yes, my treasure?” he asked gently as he slipped the loofah between her legs, massaging it lightly against her pussy. 
She pressed her body into his chest with a sigh. Her soapy skin slipped against him easily, and she could feel his erect cock pressing against her stomach. “Has that always been your pet name for the women in your life?” she asked him a bit sadly. 
“No,” he told her as he circled the sponge against her clit in a tantalizing way. “That’s only for you, Victoria.”
She gasped out at the sensation, and found her body moving against his cock with desire. She placed her hands on his massive shoulders and looked up at him breathlessly. “You’re making me go insane, you know that?”
He laughed lightly as he removed the loofah and used his fingers instead. “The feeling is mutual, love,” he admitted tenderly as he kissed her neck.
The gentle massage caused her body to erupt in need and she began to press herself against him more urgently. “Malcolm,” she whispered. “That feels wonderful.”
“Good,” he said as he ran his other hand up her back. His strong fingers pressed into her muscles, tracing lines up her spine. “I’m going to take care of you. You’re an amazing woman, Victoria.”
Malcolm’s fingers brushed her long, wet hair out of her face so that he could look into her eyes. In the next second, he reached around her body and grasped her hips to lift her up off her feet. She yelped at the feeling of weightlessness and wrapped her legs around him for added support. She could feel his erect cock against her thigh, and she prayed that by some miracle, he would give her what she so desperately needed. Tenderly he pressed his lips against the edge of her lips and her jaw. She wrapped her arms around his neck and clung to him tightly. 
“I can’t take much more of this,” she said in between heavy breaths.
His arms squeezed around her tightly as he pressed his lips into hers in response. She could feel his need in the intensity of the kiss. It was raw and full of tenderness. It was so passionate that it would have knocked her off her feet if he hadn’t already been holding her up.
“I’m going to make love to you, Victoria,” he said with a growl as he pressed her back up against the shower wall.
She looked at him with wide eyes, ignoring the soft impact against her back. “Really?” she whispered, as tears threatened to gather in her eyes. She ran her fingers through his hair as she stared at him wretchedly. “Please, Malcolm,” she said hoarsely. Her insides burned and ached with the need for this man. She wrapped her arms around him tightly, in fear that he would change his mind. “Oh, god. Please,” she begged. 
“Shh, my sweet,” he said, letting his forehead fall against hers. He reached down to align his cock with her entrance. Returning his hand to her hips, he lowered her gently down onto his shaft until the head of his cock penetrated her warm and slick folds.
She moaned at the feeling and clung to him tightly. He was driving her wild with his excruciating slowness, and she rocked her hips back and forth in an attempt to force him inside of her. “Please, Malcolm,” she sobbed out, almost at the point of breaking into tears. “Don’t make me wait a second longer. I can’t take this.”
When he spoke, his breathing was labored and his words were shaky. “I just want to savor every moment of this, Victoria,” he explained tensely. “I haven’t done this in a long time.” He pressed his face against her neck as he slowly pushed himself inside of her.
She shuddered as she felt the softness of her body envelop and embrace the hardness of his cock. Somehow, the wait had made this moment so much more precious and profound. Her heart and body were melting at the feelings that his closeness released inside her. It felt so right and perfect to have him inside of her, and she almost felt like it meant just as much to him. She could feel his shoulders trembling under her hands, and it broke her heart. She pressed her lips against his temple in a loving kiss. “Malcolm,” she whispered with longing. 
He groaned and thrust his hips forward to plunge his engorged member inside her to the hilt. When she cried out and tightened her grip on his shoulders, he lost a little bit of his sanity. “Victoria,” he growled in a guttural way, before beginning to pound himself into her furiously. 
Victoria could swear that she saw stars. She clung to Malcolm in a daze as he thrust himself into her with the strength of his whole being. She was beginning to wonder whether she should have been more careful about what she wished for, because the feeling of his colossal cock filling her innermost places was nearly too much to bear. 
She could cope with the pain from earlier; but how could she cope with paradise?
Her thoughts were being completely erased with his every stroke, and her mind was growing blissfully blank. Her body began to move completely on its own, and she wondered how she could ever live without him again. The thought of never seeing him, or touching him again, or having him inside of her caused tears to slip out of her eyes. She felt like she had lost all control, and she might do anything to keep him in her life for just one more day. Maybe he had been right to avoid having actual sex; the connection was too fierce, too wild and powerful. 
She had never felt anything like this, and she knew that if she had, it would have killed her to lose it. “Yes, Malcolm,” she cried out, digging her nails into his back. “Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!”
He wasted no time in ramming himself into her more roughly. He was possessed with lust and becoming an uncontrollable beast. Her legs tightened around his hips and pulled him deeper into her. She wanted more and more of him. She was ravenous. Her fingers dug deeper until her nails drew blood from his skin.
His breathing was somewhere between a pant and a growl as he fucked her hard against the shower wall. Each thrust filled the shower with a loud, wet slapping sound that echoed throughout. Her body shook and trembled against him. Her pussy massaged each vein and ridge of his cock. She could feel him begin to swell inside of her and she rode him harder.
“Come inside of me, Malcolm,” she pleaded.
He hesitated a moment before continuing his assault on her sex. “I will,” he said breathlessly. “I’m going to give you everything you want. Then you’re going to give me what I want.”
She couldn’t really comprehend these words, as she was too incapacitated by the feeling of his cock pounding her. “I’ll do anything. Just don’t stop,” she whimpered as she felt her own orgasm boiling up inside of her.
As if feeding off her energy, he gripped her shoulders tightly and thrust his cock into her with one mighty, mind-blowing final thrust. They shared their bliss, each of them erupting in orgasm simultaneously. Their juices mingled within her body as he pumped his seed into her. Her head was thrown back so hard that it smacked the shower wall, but she didn’t even feel it as she was lost in the throes of passion. Her body shuddered in his arms as their combined fluid dripped down her legs. 
“Malcolm,” she said, when she could finally speak. She combed her fingers lovingly through his hair. “That was... that was a revelation.”
“No kidding,” he murmured
“Are you mine now?” she asked him.
“Completely,” he replied softly and out of breath. He held her close and caressed her lower back. “I’ve broken all my rules with you,” he admitted gingerly.
“Rules are meant to be broken,” she said with a deep and satisfied sigh. “That’s the second rule of journalism.”
“What’s the first?” he asked in genuine curiosity.
“The truth is a lie,” she murmured quietly.
He set her down gently and his lips pulled into a broad smile. “What an interesting paradox. I think I know what you mean,” he said as he rested his head against hers. “I have a similar rule that has served me well in my business. Never take anything at face value and keep an open mind.”
“That’s a good rule,” she said as she gently touched his face. “It sounds nicer. Mine makes me sound like a callous bitch,” she said with a shrug. 
“I think it’s what makes you such a damn good reporter,” he mused. “The truth is that there is no such underground club in Chicago. You didn’t take the truth at face value, kept an open mind, and worked hard to uncover the facts.”
“Exactly,” she said with a grin. She kissed him again, glad that he somehow understood what she had meant. She was glowing in the aftermath of sex and was feeling completely contented now. “That was really amazing, Malcolm.”
“Likewise, Victoria. Now we should probably get cleaned up,” he said with a small smile.
She nodded in agreement. “Perhaps one more for the road?”
“You’re insatiable,” he laughed.
“You’re the one who made me such a wanton woman. Now take responsibility for your actions, your majesty,” she demanded playfully.
“Of course, your highness,” he said softly as his lips descended onto hers.
“Mmm,” she moaned, once their lips parted. “Now this I can get used to.”
Chapter Thirteen


As Victoria blow dried her hair, she couldn’t help but keep her eyes on Malcolm. Somehow, despite where they were and the circumstances of their meeting, she couldn’t help but feel somewhat domestic. This thought amused her as she watched him wrap a towel around his waist and begin to brush his teeth.
She flipped off the loud machine for a moment and asked, “Do you live here, Malcolm?” 
He looked at her with a toothbrush in his mouth for a moment before nodding his head.
She giggled a little at the sight and flipped the blow dryer back on with her thumb. The heat felt good on her scalp as she waved the instrument around. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see Malcolm finish brushing his teeth and combing his hair. He even reached for a bottle of cologne, to splash some over his neck before moving back over to her. She smirked, realizing that wealthier men probably had more sophisticated grooming regimens than the average smelly brute. She flipped the dryer off again and turned to face him as his arms wrapped around her waist.
“I have a couple of gifts for you,” he said softly.
She felt her stomach turn into knots. Oh no, she thought to herself. “What kind of gifts? Nothing too extravagant I hope,” she said nervously
“Not at all,” he said smoothly as he stepped away. He walked a few steps to the door of the bathroom and opened it. There was a basket sitting outside, and he stooped to pick it up and bring it in. “Here are the clothes you wore to the club. Washed, pressed and folded along with some new comfortable clothes and shoes to walk out of here with.” He grinned slightly. “It eases the ‘shame’ from the walk of shame if you’re not wearing a miniskirt on Saturday morning.”
She felt her stomach flutter slightly. It was incredibly thoughtful of him and she felt relief course through her. She had been dreading going out into the club butt naked to search for her clothes, and worried about the uncomfortable drive back in the harsh sunlight. “That’s really sweet of you,” she said. She felt her heart soar as she gazed at the soft clothes he had brought for her. 
“One more thing,” he said with a smirk.
Her cheeks flushed for a moment and her brows knitted together. “Please don’t. No necklaces, rings or other fancy jewelry,” she said with a suspicious tone.
“Oh no, Victoria. Something much more valuable,” he said as he reached into the basket to pull out a photo. He kept the photo facedown as he extended it toward her with a sly twinkle in his eye.
She reached out to take it nervously, worried that it was a picture of her on stage or in his bedroom. As she turned it around and the contents became clear, she began to laugh. “Oh my god!” she exclaimed. 
It was the senator she wanted to pursue. The photo depicted him being fucked by two black men and their huge cocks. One phallus was deeply planted in his ass, while he was greedily gobbling the other into his throat. 
“I thought you could use some proof for your story,” Malcolm said with a satisfied tone.
“This is more than I could have asked for,” she said excitedly. “Not only is he a homophobe but he’s got to be one of the biggest racists in a position of power. I would feel guilty about exposing him if he didn’t incessantly talk about wanting to bring America back to its white roots, condemning gays and preserving the sanctity of marriage, and disparaging several ethnic groups at every opportunity.” Her voice was filled with irritation and disgust.
“You make it sound almost personal, Victoria,” he noted.
She shrugged her shoulders. “It just makes me angry that a man like this can get elected over and over with such hateful views, while going around sucking big black cock,” she said hotly.
He nodded and placed a hand on her shoulder. “I understand completely,” he said softly. “That’s why I want you to write the story. I’m all for sexual freedom,” he said as he gestured around with his arms. “Clearly. But I went through a lot of trouble making sure that no one ever found out about this place. I wanted to ensure that the richest, most scrutinized people in the world could have a place to go and enjoy themselves without fear of persecution.” His voice was filled with passion and sincerity, but his lips formed a frown. “As I said earlier, however, it is not okay with me for someone to use my hard work to be a hypocrite. Just keep me and the club out of it and make sure he goes down.”
She gazed at him with curious eyes as she absorbed his words. Her lips pulled into a smile and she stepped close to him. She clasped her arms around his chest and rested her head against him. “It’s really wonderful to hear you say that,” she said as she leaned up to kiss him on the cheek.
“Oh?” he said with a hint of surprise in his voice.
“You have a lot more depth than I expected,” she said with a smile. “I guess I didn’t have the highest opinion on wealthy people when I walked in here. Then I met you.”
He pulled her into his arms and kissed the top of her head. “Well, you know my previous opinion on reporters,” he teased, “but you’ve changed my mind. That’s why I try to keep my mind open and not take things at face value.”
“Mhm,” she murmured as she nodded. “Now I really do need to go before you somehow manage to seduce me again.”
He laughed as he stepped away from her. “It was you that seduced me the last time, Victoria,” he pointed out.
She lifted her brows and reached out to fondle his cock tenderly. “What can I say? This is your bad influence on me, King Malcolm.”
“Well, you’d better go before I influence you again,” he said with a laugh. 
“I’ll miss you,” she admitted hesitantly. It was a bit tough for her to say this; she didn’t want to seem overly attached. Unfortunately, after their intimate moment in the shower, and shared disgust over the senator, it was impossible not to be.
“Not for long, my treasure,” he said lightly.
Smiling softly she reached out to pat his cheek. “I’ll see you around, champ.”
He took her hand and pressed his lips to her fingers. “Count on it.”

Chapter Fourteen


The club was emptier than she thought it would be. It was about time for the doors to open and the guests to leave, and she thought that more people would be eagerly waiting for freedom. She glanced around the main room until her eyes settled on a security guard. She moved over to him briskly. “Excuse me,” she said politely.
The guard gave her a pleasant smile. “Good morning ma’am. I trust you had a good time? Is there anything I can get for you?”
His etiquette surprised her. His question lacked the suggestiveness she would have expected for someone working at this kind of establishment. “Yes, actually. I’m looking for a friend of mine. The girl I came in with. Red hair, blue dress?”
He smiled and turned to point across the room. “I believe I saw her go down that hall into the private rooms.”
“Oh, wow. Chloe could never afford that,” Victoria said in surprise. “She must have made some interesting connections tonight.”
The guard laughed and nodded. “Quite right, miss,” he said kindly. “Good luck in finding your friend. The doors will open in twenty minutes.”
“Fantastic. Thank you so much for the help,” she said as she began to walk in the direction he had pointed.
“Not a problem,” he said. “Fourth door on the left!” he called out as she got out of normal speaking range.
She waved behind her in a gesture of thanks as she stepped into the VIP hallway. It looked similar to the hall that Malcolm had brought her down, except with far more room. Even now she could hear the sounds of the people having sex behind the closed doors. 
A few hours ago she would have been mortified by the idea of someone seeing or hearing her have sex. After Malcolm forcing her to suck his cock in front of a crowd of people, however, it seemed a little pointless to worry about someone listening to her. Even the memory made her body hot for him again and she mentally forced herself to ignore the growing wetness between her thighs. 
Counting the doors, she kept walking until she reached the fourth door on the left. She knocked several times but no one answered, though she could clearly hear the sounds of people inside.
“Just come in!” Chloe’s voice shouted through the heavy wooden door.
Victoria raised a brow as she slowly turned the doorknob. Once it swung open, she was greeted with the sight of Chloe being furiously fucked by three men. They were all on the ground in a writhing lump of flesh, and it took Victoria a moment to figure out what was happening. A cock was buried deep in Chloe’s pussy and her ass, and another was in her mouth. Victoria’s eyes grew wide in shock, and her jaw hung slightly ajar.
Chloe was blissfully riding the two men with a passion Victoria couldn’t recognize. The sweet and shy girl she knew would never be in this position, but yet here she was. She could hear Malcolm’s voice echoing in her mind: Never take anything at face value.
She finally gathered her senses enough to recognize that it was Dominic the bartender along with the twins from earlier who were engaged in pounding Chloe. “Maybe I should come back later?” she asked hesitantly.
None of them had even heard her question as they continued to surrender to their pleasures. The men, which she had found so attractive before (especially the twins) somehow seemed far less so now. Even with their rippling muscles and sweat soaked bodies, she could only think that they were inferior to Malcolm—at least in her eyes. She mentally scolded herself again for allowing herself to get so attached so quickly.
“Fuck me, you bastards! Fuck me with your dirty cocks and cum all over me!” Chloe screamed out as her orgasm shook through her body. 
“Yeah, I should come back later,” Victoria said to herself. 
She was turning around when she heard Chloe shout out, “Jesus! Vica!” The poor girl scrambled to cover herself up in an attempt at being modest.
Victoria smiled at her friend fondly. “Oh honey, don’t even worry about it,” she said with understanding. 
“Oh my god. I’m so embarrassed,” Chloe said as she looked away, turning a deep shade of cherry red. “I don’t know what came over me.”
Victoria shook her head and looked away to give her friend some semblance of privacy. The men that had been pleasuring her dispersed a little, laughing lightly at the girl’s sudden return to shyness.  
“Thanks for keeping her company, boys,” Victoria said to make conversation and lighten the awkwardness. “Sorry for not checking back in.”
“Not a problem,” the twins said in unison. 
One of them winked at her knowingly. “I imagine you had a good time with the king?”
Victoria nodded, and found that her own cheeks were starting to tingle. “I did. He’s quite something.”
“He must be, Vica,” Chloe said in amazement. “Look at you! You’re glowing!”
I must look like a giggling school girl with a celebrity crush right now, she thought to herself bitterly. “I am not,” she muttered.
“I’m just glad that the king picked a partner for the night at all,” Dominic said with a genuine smile.
Victoria looked at him curiously for a moment. “Why’s that?”
The bartender furrowed his brows. “Malcolm hasn’t been with someone in a long time,” he explained. He looked away as his lips turned into a deep frown. “Poor Malcolm. His relationships seldom end well... but he’s a good man.”
“You seem to know a lot about the king,” Victoria pointed out curiously.
Dominic shrugged, sending her a secretive smile. “Being the bartender has its perks,” he said smoothly.
“I’m sure it does,” Victoria responded with a skeptical look. “Anyway, Chloe,” she said comfortingly, “I’m really glad you had fun. I’ll be waiting for you by the door, okay?”
“Sounds good, Vica,” Chloe said as she sheepishly looked at the men. “Jesus, I really don’t know what came over me tonight.”
“I know what got into you,” Victoria said teasingly.
“Vica!” Chloe shouted hotly.
Victoria was already walking down the hall toward the exit of the club. “And I know what came over you too,” she added to herself with a sigh. “I cannot wait to get out of here!” Without meaning to, her eyes glanced toward the door where she knew Malcolm’s hallway was. Just forget about it, Victoria. It was one night of passion. Nothing more. Even as she tried to assure herself of that, she couldn’t help but dwell on Dominic’s words. Was there something between the two of them? And if there was, should she give in and see what happens or keep struggling against Malcolm’s current? I can’t ever come back here again, she thought. She knew that if she ever took a step into this club or was ever around Malcolm again, she wouldn’t be strong enough to resist.
She walked to the door that was still being guarded by security. The large man took a look at her before opening up the door. 
“Thank you,” she said gently.
“Have a good morning, miss. We hope to see you again,” the guard said.
“Maybe,” she said softly. “Tonight was already way too much to deal with.”
The guard laughed. “It’s always that way someone’s first time. It’s a lot to throw at a person; nothing can really prepare you for what happens in a place like this.”
Victoria nodded in agreement. “I guess money doesn’t buy you experience,” she mused.
“None at all. The king does his best to make things as exciting as he can without crossing too many lines,” he explained.
“Does everyone think so highly of him?” she asked, wondering to herself if the universe was out to get her.
“Of course,” he said with a laugh. He looked as if he was about to say something else, but was suddenly distracted. “Say that again?” he asked to no one.
Victoria looked at him curiously until she realized that he was wearing a hidden earpiece. “Is something wrong?” she asked with an arched brow.
“Nothing at all,” he said with a smile. “I’ve just been instructed to take you and your friend outside to the king’s private limo. It will take you home.”
“But I drove here,” Victoria protested.
“Your car has already been delivered to your residence,” he explained calmly.
Victoria’s eyes went wide and she felt her face flush. “What!?” she exclaimed. “How does he even… you know what, never mind. I don’t want to know.” She shook her head violently as she began to pace back and forth. “The nerve of him! He better not let anyone scratch my baby,” she said hotly.
“I assure you, that if anything happens to your car, the king will take care of all damages,” the guard said reassuringly.
“That’s not the point!” she snapped. Realizing that it wasn’t the guard’s fault she deeply inhaled to calm herself down. “Look, I’m sorry. I don’t mean to yell at you, but this all seems very sudden.”
The guard nodded. “I understand. These are rather unusual instructions for us as well.”
“Let me guess. Rides in the private limo are rare?” she asked sarcastically.
The guard shook his head. “Never since the club’s opening has the king ever taken care of someone this way.”
His words took her aback for a moment and she felt her stomach flutter. Despite her protests, she had to admit to herself that Malcolm was being impossibly sweet. She just hated being surprised, and Malcolm seemed to be able to present her with a new surprise every few minutes.
“Can you tell him thank you for me?” she asked softly.
Before the guard had a chance to speak, Victoria felt a large hand squeezing her shoulder gently. She didn’t even have to turn around to know who it belonged to.
“You can thank me in person,” Malcolm said smugly.
She spun around and punched him in the arm. “Stop surprising me so much!” she said with a crinkled nose.
“But your face is simply adorable when you’re surprised,” he said in a deep voice as he cupped her chin. “It’s just so much fun.”
“Don’t mock me,” she grumbled.
Malcolm laughed. “I would never dream of it.”
“Hey, Vica,” Chloe said as she approached the small group. “I’m… whoa,” she stopped short as her eyes fell on Malcolm. “Hello,” she said pleasantly. “So you’re this big-shot king that’s got my Vica all hot and bothered?” 
“I am,” Malcolm said.
Chloe looked at him appraisingly for a moment. “I can see why,” she murmured in approval.
 “I am not hot and bothered,” Victoria said defensively.
“Vica, if you were any hotter, you’d be the sun,” Chloe teased. Her eyes went back to Malcolm and she took a step forward. “You better treat my friend well, you hear? I don’t care if you’re the king of Mars. Victoria is special, and the last thing she needs is just another jerkoff stringing her along.”
Victoria looked at her friend in surprise. Normally, the meek redhead was soft spoken and reserved, but perhaps due to the little injection of sexual confidence, she had gained some gumption.
“I appreciate your concern for your friend, but I assure you that she can take care of herself,” Malcolm said with an amused glance at Victoria. “Not that I have any intention on making her need to.”
“You better not,” Chloe said suspiciously. “But now that my threats are out of the way, it’s nice to meet you.” She extended her pale hand to shake his. 
“Likewise,” Malcolm said, gently enclosing her small hand in his larger one. His eyes drifted from the redhead to Victoria. “It’s nice to see that you have a loyal friend.” 
Victoria smiled and glanced at Chloe. “Yeah, I do,” she agreed. “Thank you, Malcolm,” she said, giving him a long, hard stare. “For the limo.”
Chloe looked surprised. “Limo?” she asked curiously.
“Yes. His royal highness here has arranged a special ride for us,” Victoria explained.
“Thank god,” Chloe sighed, “I can’t deal with you driving right now. I’m wobbling enough as it is.”
Victoria ignored Chloe as she stared at Malcolm’s features, trying to memorize the way he looked in this moment. “Thanks again, Malcolm. I—I hope to see you again,” she stammered out. She didn’t know whether there was any chance this was possible, but she figured she’d say it anyway. 
“Sooner than you think,” he said with a smile. “Rest well when you get home.”
“I doubt I’ll have the energy for anything else,” she said lightly, sending him a secret smile. “Come on, Chloe. Our chariot awaits.”
Chloe smiled sweetly and nodded her head. “I’m looking forward to it! I haven’t been in a limo since prom.”
Victoria put a hand on Chloe’s back and began to lead her down the hallway. She glanced back briefly to see Malcolm standing in the doorway. This time, he was watching her walk away. His eyes were shining with a bit of mirth mixed with sadness, and she almost wanted to run back to him. She shrugged off the feeling and turned away.
“Don’t worry so much, Vica,” Chloe said gently. “You’ll see him again.”
“I’m glad you’re with me right now,” Victoria replied in a low voice. “I’d be a mess otherwise.”
“I’m glad I came,” Chloe said with a smile.
Victoria glanced at her friend knowingly with a sly lift to her brow. Chloe caught the look and blushed deeply.
“Don’t even say it,” she said irritably.
“I would never,” Victoria said with a grin plastered on her face.
Chloe rolled her eyes and pushed open the metal door that led out onto the street. The bright light pierced the dimly lit halls, assailing their eyes.
“Good morning, Chicago,” Victoria said as she took a deep breath of the frosty morning air. “It’s good to see the daylight.”
Chloe nodded in agreement and pointed to the end of the alley. “I guess that’s our ride?” she asked curiously.
Victoria followed Chloe’s arm until her eyes rested on the long black limo. The paint was sleek, and looked freshly waxed. “It would seem so,” she said softly. “Come on, let’s go home.”

Chapter Fifteen


The limo drove on the road smoothly. Victoria could hardly feel the movement of the car on the asphalt. It was similar to her Lancer, but it felt so alien to not be behind the wheel. 
“I hate this,” she grumbled.
Chloe turned to look at her friend in amusement. “Of course you do,” she said dryly. “The driver is following the speed limit.”
Victoria rolled her eyes. “Oh hush,” she said in irritation. She looked at Chloe and her lips turned into a deep frown. “That isn’t what I meant... but the slowness is pretty annoying too.”
“You’re thinking about the king?” she asked softly.
Victoria nodded. “His name is Malcolm… I really hate that king crap,” she muttered. 
Chloe put her hand on Victoria’s knee. “I wasn’t aware you were on a first name basis with royalty,” she said as her smile evolved into a grin. 
“Not you too,” Victoria groaned. 
Chloe giggled and sat back in her seat. “I’m enjoying this a little too much. I’m sorry.”
“Yes you are, but I guess its fair play. I tease you all the time,” Victoria admitted glumly. “I just can’t stand how he somehow managed to get into my head!”
“And your pants,” Chloe pointed out.
Victoria narrowed her eyes. “Yes, but I didn’t mind that part. Although... when he got into my bum, that was a little scary.” Just thinking about it aroused her as if Malcolm was still buried inside her. She shifted a little to alleviate the soreness. 
“Oh my. He must be good,” Chloe remarked.
“You have no idea,” Victoria said with quickened breath. “Anyway, that isn’t the point. He had his moments of being… frightening, but he can also be stupidly sweet. It’s maddening.”
Chloe looked at her friend with concern in her eyes. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you like this,” she said softly. “You only came for the story. You never stray from your purpose.”
Victoria nodded and let out a deep sigh. “I have no earthly idea what I’m going to do, Chloe,” she said as she looked out the window. “The worst part is that he helped me turn the night into a great story for me to take back to my boss—but I still had to say no to his request for help,” she said in a voice filled with anger and self-loathing.
“What did he ask for that was so bad?” Chloe asked gently.
“He asked me to work on a case...” Victoria put her head in her hands. “Similar to the Peterson piece I did two years ago.”
“Fuck,” Chloe said softly. “Of course it had to be one of those. Whose kid was taken?”
“His,” Victoria said thoughtfully as she stared out of the window. “His daughter. I wanted to help him, but there is so much to consider and after what happened with the Petersons… I can’t go through that again.”
“It wasn’t your fault, Victoria. You couldn’t have known,” Chloe said soothingly.
Victoria shook her head. “It is my fault. I should have seen the signs and protected them better,” she said in a distant voice. “Anyway, no more living in the past!” She forced a smile. Her hand rummaged through her purse as she pulled out the photo of the senator Malcolm had given her earlier. “Here, take a look at this,” she said as she handed the photo to her friend.
“Oh my god!” Chloe exclaimed. “Is that...?”
“Yup,” Victoria answered. “My boss is going to have a field day with this one.”
“Do you think it could finally get you into the Tribune?” Chloe asked in excitement.
Victoria found herself grinning now. Talking about the future helped numb the feelings of the past. “Maybe, maybe not. Either way, it’s a good step.”
“Hell yeah,” she said as she looked at the picture again. “I can’t fucking believe this guy. Talk about the world’s biggest hypocrite.” Her voice was filled with disgust as she handed back the photo.
“The funny thing is that if he was just honest about his sexuality and wasn’t such a douche, no one would care,” Victoria said sadly. “I’ll bring that up in the interview I get with him.” Reaching into her purse she pulled out her phone and typed up a quick note.
“I hope you tear him a new asshole,” Chloe said in agitation.
“So he can get that one filled too?” Victoria asked with a smirk. “I’ll rip him apart to be sure. I mainly want to know why he does this while publically bashing the same behavior. Does he just say what he feels will get him the most votes? To get that high politician’s salary?”
“Why does it matter?” Chloe asked with a raise of her brow.
Victoria turned to face Chloe and shot her a disappointed look. “Because why always matters. Sure, he’s gay and likes black men. That’s not the issue here. The issue is what is making him lie about it and hurt others in the process,” she explained.
“Nothing is making him do anything,” Chloe stressed. “It’s his choice to be a jerk.”
Victoria nodded in agreement. “True, but that’s only the surface of this story. The problem is that this country still acts like the civil rights movement never happened.” She frowned as she put her palm on her forehead. “You know why a politician can act like a total dick bag and it’s a positive attribute? Because the people electing them think so.”
Chloe looked away. “I guess I never thought of it that way,” she admitted.
“I’m not saying that what the great senator of Montana is doing is right,” Victoria said calmly, “only that the situation is deeper than just him. That’s what I want this story to tackle. Not just condemning the senator’s actions, but also condemning the priorities of the people that drive men like him to lie about something as trivial as sex, and to act racist for the sake of winning an election. Instead of important things like strong policies and intelligence.”
Silence hung in the car for a few moments after Victoria’s speech. Chloe bit her lip nervously and wrinkled her nose. “You’re right. It’s just a lot easier to blame the one person, I suppose,” she mused.
“It is easier, but it’s not the truth,” Victoria said. “I’m going to burn this guy for his lies but he isn’t the villain of this story. Just another unwitting victim of the system.”
“You believe that public opinion is the villain, don’t you?” Chloe asked.
“Yes,” Victoria responded softly, “and mass prejudice begets more prejudice.”
“It’s going to make an amazing story, Vica,” Chloe said confidently. “I love how you see things more deeply than most people—you get right down to the heart of the matter. If you can be so passionate about this after a night like tonight, I’m sure you can knock everyone off their feet with your writing.”
“That means a lot,” Victoria responded with a smile. “Thank you.” It felt good to get that off her chest. She had been struggling to figure out what she wanted to say with her article, and bouncing her words off Chloe helped her focus. Her mind had become far too distracted with thoughts of Malcolm, and it was already interfering with her job. “I should call Malcolm when we get home and tell him that I can’t see him again,” she said quietly.
“What?” Chloe asked in shock. “Why wouldn’t you want to see him again? He’s rich, stupidly handsome, and didn’t you say he treated you well?”
Victoria frowned at Chloe’s words. She knew it was impossible for the redhead to understand. “Yes, all that’s true. Well, except for the part where he made me put on a show for the entire club,” Victoria said with a grimace. “Actually, even that wasn’t so bad. Yes, Malcolm was a decent man with great superficial aspects.”
“Jesus, Vica. You’ve only hung out with him for a few hours. Spend some time getting to know the guy, at least! It’s not like seeing him again is getting married,” Chloe rationalized.
Victoria looked at her friend with a glint of fear in her eyes. Just the way it felt to be with him, she thought to herself, and the things we said to each other... “You’re right,” Victoria said nervously, “but he’s just so intense.”
Chloe nodded. “To be the King of Kink, I guess you kind of have to be,” Chloe said with a grin.
“Why don’t we talk about you, Dominic and the twins?” Victoria said in an attempt to change the subject.
“Oh no,” Chloe said with a wag of her finger, “you’re not getting out of this one. I’m not the one walking around with worry and guilt all over my face.”
Victoria huffed. “I still want to know how you ended up in that position.”
“A story for another time, I promise. Now keep on talking about Malcolm,” Chloe said with increasing interest.
Victoria lifted her shoulders in feeble surrender. “I’m afraid of the person I am when I’m around him, Chloe,” Victoria explained. “He brings out all these feelings inside of me that I can’t control. His passion and presence are so powerful that even I can’t help but get tossed around. He makes me feel like a woman. He makes me feel... weak. Desperate. Not in control.” She took a deep breath and crossed her legs uncomfortably to quell the burn that was beginning between her thighs. “The way he touched me, kissed me, looked at me even! I couldn’t stand to be away from him for a few minutes, and it’s going to get in the way of my work,” she finally admitted. 
“I see,” Chloe said thoughtfully. “Well, it’s natural to be swept away in emotion at the start of a relationship. The honeymoon period, you know? Things usually die down and mellow out after a few weeks of nonstop sex.” Chloe shrugged. 
“I don’t even know if this is the start of a relationship,” Victoria argued. “And I don’t have weeks of my life to waste fucking around with some guy! It doesn’t matter if he is the most devastatingly handsome man I’ve ever met.”
“Devastatingly handsome?” Chloe repeated in amusement. Her friend never spoke about men this way. “It seems that the solution to your problem isn’t cutting him out, but figuring out a way to control yourself around him. Why can’t you?”
Victoria thought about that for a moment and her lips fell into a frown. “I have no clue. He just makes it damn near impossible!”
“You’re the strongest person I know, Vica. I’m sure you can figure out a way,” Chloe said kindly. “If there is anyone that can be a match for him, it’s you. Besides, I’m sure he feels the same way.”
“Maybe,” Victoria said as she considered her friend’s words. “You could be right—and running away isn’t going to give me my answers.”
“Exactly. So find your metaphorical balls and go see him again sometime soon. You deserve to have someone in your life that can make you feel this way. As long as he is good to you.”
Victoria nodded. “Thanks, Chloe. That makes me feel loads better,” she said softly.
“Good,” Chloe replied cheerfully, “because that’s what friends are for!” 
The girls felt the car stop shortly after their conversation. They peeked out the window to look up at their apartment building. 
“I don’t even want to know how he found out where we live,” Victoria muttered.
“No idea, but it saved me from puking,” Chloe teased.
“I miss my Lancer,” Victoria pouted.
Chloe rolled her eyes and stepped out of the limo. “Come on. You can try to kill me later with that infernal thing,” she said in a good natured way.
“I would never,” Victoria said incredulously. “I’m a fantastic driver.” 
“Or an insane one,” Chloe teased.
The girls shared a smile as they moved to climb out of the limo. The car door had been opened by a dignified older man with silvery grey hair. 
“Thank you for the ride,” Victoria said pleasantly. She fished into her purse to pull out a tip for him. 
“I can’t take that, miss,” he told her kindly, with a slight bow. “I assure you that I am well-compensated by Mr. Cage. If you ever need anything, just call the number on the business card and I’ll be happy to help,” the driver said.
“You don’t call him ‘king’ like everyone else?” Victoria asked curiously, her reporting instinct kicking into high gear.
“Of course not. I’ve been his driver and friend for years. That royalty nonsense is for the people in the club only,” he replied frankly.
“Well, I’m glad someone that knows him has some sense,” Victoria said lightly. It made her feel contented to know that Malcolm was so loved by his staff. “Anyway, thank you again. I just might take you up on that offer.”
“Not a problem, miss. Take care,” he said as he moved back into the vehicle. The limo drove off, leaving the girls standing in front of their apartment building. 
“I’m ready for the couch, a little TV and then working on my story,” Victoria cheerfully said.
“Do you ever sleep?” Chloe asked as if her friend was insane.
“Not when I have work to do,” Victoria said with a sidelong glance at Chloe. “Thanks for talking with me about Malcolm. It did make me feel better, and I think I’ll call him later.”
Chloe nodded and walked over to pull Victoria into a hug. “You should, Vica. He seems like a really great guy. Perhaps sexually insane but still a good guy.” 
Victoria wondered about that. There was a deep and immeasurable darkness she sensed in him. Though she wanted to see him again, part of her warned her to be afraid. “Nothing should be taken at face value,” she echoed his words. “So for now I’ll try to be smart and get the hell out if things start going south.”
“That’s a good idea,” Chloe said with a nod. “Now come on, I’ll make us some coffee so you have more energy to work.”

Chapter Sixteen


The club had emptied out and the rich patrons were heading back to the responsible lives they led outside Malcolm’s depraved kingdom. His eyes glanced around to see his men cleaning up after the night’s activities and a small smile pulled at his lips. 
“Someone had a good night,” a voice said merrily.
Malcolm spun around toward the sound of the familiar voice, and the smile on his face immediately became broader. “Dominic,” he greeted. “I’m not the only one.”
“Yes, but it’s normal for me to have that much fun,” Dominic replied. “You, on the other hand? I’ve got to hear about this. Up for a drink?”
Malcolm nodded and motioned to the bar. “Of course. Just don’t expect me to be impressed by those bartending skills that woo all the women,” he said with a grin.
“Rich, poor, or somewhere in between. You’d be surprised what spinning a few bottles can do to a girl’s panties,” Dominic said with a chuckle. “It goes to show you that people aren’t all that different, no matter where they are from. Fancy tricks and confidence will always impress.”
“Is that why you pose as something less than you are?” Malcolm asked with a raised brow. “For some human study?”
“Something like that,” Dominic said with an impish grin on his face.
Malcolm grunted as he pulled out a stool to sit on. “How did the night go?” he asked as he made himself comfortable in the seat.
“As well as any other night. Your little stunt caused a lot of trouble though,” Dominic said as he moved around the bar.
“I expected as much,” Malcolm said. He leaned against the bar and put his face into his palm. “How much trouble?”
Dominic made a face as he reached for a fine bottle of scotch. “Just a bunch of jealous women mostly. Some were annoyed because you canceled on their meetings,” he explained.
“Fuck their meetings. If they want to do business, they know where to find me. They know the club is off limits for business,” he said irritably.
“And that’s why you’re the king,” Dominic said with a chuckle. He poured two drinks and passed one to Malcolm.
“It’s always pleasant to take them out of their comfort zone. Remember how they used to do that to us?” Malcolm asked darkly. 
“Of course,” Dominic said. “I’m so sorry Mr. Cage, but CEO Fuckface is out of the office at the moment. I mean, fucking some hooker in his office. Can I take a message?” He sounded bitter as he took a swig of his scotch.
Malcolm couldn’t help but grin at his friend and raised his drink in toast. “To always calling the shots,” he said.
Dominic touched his glass to Malcolm’s and the soft clinking sound echoed in the empty hall. “I’ll drink to that,” he said. He lifted the glass to his lips and took a second long pull of the amber liquid inside.
Malcolm smiled at his friend and leaned against the bar. He drank from his glass and enjoyed the faint burning sensation of the alcohol sliding down his throat. Thoughts of Victoria filled his mind and without being able to help himself, his lips softened into a tender expression.
“Thinking of your night?” Dominic asked as if able to read his friend’s mind.
Malcolm nodded as he took another sip from his drink. “Am I that transparent?”
“You are when you’re talking to someone who’s known you as long as I have,” Dominic pointed out. “What was so special about her?”
“I couldn’t tell you,” Malcolm said quietly. “She just was.” He couldn’t stop going over every detail of their night in his mind. The way it felt to be inside of her, the way her skin tasted on his tongue, and the way she smelled as her body was pressed close to him. He shivered slightly where he stood and took another sip to calm himself.
“Clearly,” Dominic said slyly. “If I didn’t know any better I’d say you were developing feelings for this woman.”
Malcolm looked sharply at his friend. “It’s a good thing you know better,” he said darkly.
Dominic flinched slightly at the tone in Malcolm’s voice. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to strike a nerve,” he said with a forced smile on his lips.
Malcolm sighed and shook his head to clear the feeling of sudden anger that had welled up inside of him. “It’s not your fault. Just bad memories,” he explained.
“I know, and that’s why I’m apologizing. I know how much Elizabeth meant to you,” Dominic said gently. He reached out to pat Malcolm firmly on the back. “Any luck with finding her and Claire?”
Malcolm shook his head. Finding his daughter and his ex-wife had been a near impossible challenge, even with all the resources at his disposal. “No, but I think Victoria might be the key,” he said confidently. “She’s quite skilled.”
Dominic had a dubious look on his face. “Really? That chick? How is she going to be any help?” he asked in confusion.
Malcolm’s lips turned upward into a predatory smile. “Didn’t you recognize her? Victoria Chase,” he explained.
“No! The reporter that’s been hounding us for months?” he asked in surprise. “Well, I’ll be damned. I didn’t recognize her at all. How the hell did she figure out about Club Luxe?”
“Someone obviously talked. We’re going to need to seal that leak before it gets out—but there could be a silver lining. I think Victoria could be useful.”
Dominic sighed and took a long drink from his scotch glass. He emptied the contents and then placed his glass on the bar top. He looked at his friend for a moment with a worried expression. “This is a dangerous game you’re playing, old friend. There are powerful people in the Organization that won’t like you fraternizing with a reporter and potentially exposing their secrets. If they find out, your head might not be attached to your shoulders for much longer,” he said gravely.
Malcolm shrugged his shoulders. “Let me deal with them, Dominic. They only care if the secrets are kept, and they will be,” he said in a flat voice.
“And how long is this secret going to be kept with a reporter poking her nose into everything? Huh?” Dominic asked in a heated voice.
“Don’t worry,” Malcolm said calmly. “I’ve already dealt with Victoria. She isn’t a threat to us.”
Dominic’s eyes flashed fear and he paled slightly. “Don’t tell me…” he trailed off.
“No, I’m not going to kill her,” Malcolm said dryly. “Not as long as she does what she is told and helps me find Claire. I’ve bugged her car, her apartment, and taped her conversation on the limo ride home to make sure that she’s not working for our enemies.”
“I love you, man,” Dominic said gently, “but sometimes you’re a real bastard.” He looked away with pained eyes.
“Not all of us can sit in a lab and pretend the outside world doesn’t exist,” Malcolm said harshly.
Dominic’s knuckles became white as he squeezed the empty glass. Malcolm’s eyes glanced down to see and for a moment he wondered if his friend would throw the glass at him for the insult.
“Like I said, a real bastard,” Dominic said. “I won’t be any part of this.”
“I’m not asking you to be,” Malcolm said with a shrug. “However,” he said in a low voice. “I need you to do something for me.”
Dominic looked at him for a moment before his lips pulled into a frown. “You want me to figure out how a reporter snuck into the club?” he asked in a disgusted voice. “I’ll start with the invitation code she used for the tickets.”
Malcolm ignored the attitude and nodded, glad that he was able to count on Dominic regardless of his friend’s apprehensions. “Good. I want to know within the hour,” he ordered.
Dominic nodded hesitantly and pulled out his phone. “I’ll go make the call,” he said as he walked away. 
Malcolm watched his friend turn away from him and sighed deeply once Dominic was out of earshot. Alone, he allowed himself a private moment of shame. He took no pleasure in what he was about to do, but he needed to do everything possible in order to achieve his goals. As long as he did that, it didn’t matter the cost. 
“I will find you, Claire,” he said with resolve. “I’m not going to let that bitch raise you to be just like her.” He stood up from his chair and walked toward the door leading to the outside. Events were now in motion that he knew he couldn’t control. The best that he could do was to mitigate the damage and make sure that he came out on top. It was what he was best at, and the sole reason he had survived this long. He needed some fresh air to think about his plans, and the early morning sun would help focus his mind.
The long hallway leading up to the surface caused Malcolm to grow depressed as he walked it. He usually felt protected by the secretive location, but now he felt like he was trapped in his own home. Now that the reality of morning was setting in, he couldn’t get rid of the distasteful feeling. The guilt and fear of what he had done to Victoria was nagging at his mind, almost as much as the memory of the pleasure they had shared.
His steps echoed in the hall as he approached the heavy iron door that led to the alleyway outside. He pushed it open and was blasted by a cool breeze of fresh Chicago air. His lungs expanded as he took in a deep breath. The air soothed his nerves and the sunlight felt good on his skin. 
“Calm down, Malcolm,” he said to himself. “You’re the best at what you do, and if anyone can figure this out, it’s you. So think.” He began to pace around the alleyway slowly, and the soft impact of his feet on the asphalt jarred his mind into wakefulness. He could feel the weariness of the night begin to creep up on him, but right now he couldn’t even afford a moment to sleep. 
Soft steps echoed behind him and Malcolm turned around to face Dominic approaching him from the entrance to the club.
“Malcolm, you’re not going to believe whose code Victoria used,” Dominic said with panic in his voice.
Malcolm raised his brow with worry. “Tell me,” he said in consternation.
“Brantford Cunningham,” he said with wide eyes. “That bastard did this on purpose.” 
Malcolm’s jaw clenched at the sound of the name. “It’s a warning for going after Claire,” he said with rage in his voice. Brant was his biggest rival in business and more importantly, he was his ex-wife’s older brother. “He thinks he can keep my own daughter away from me? Expose my private life by sending in reporters? That son of a bitch has another thing coming.”
“Slow down, Malcolm,” Dominic said in warning. “He could have just sent her to spy on us. He didn’t try to hurt anyone or declare a full-out war.”
Malcolm felt defensive for a moment. “I don’t think Victoria knew about him. She might even have gotten an anonymous tip. He probably just sent her here to rattle us.”
Dominic raised a brow. “Really? What purpose would that serve?” he asked in an irritated voice. “Don’t tell me now you’ve gone soft on her. You were just talking about taking care of her and making sure she wasn’t a threat.”
“I know what I said, and she isn’t a threat,” Malcolm said hotly. “But you don’t know Brant like I do. You don’t know the kind of poison that flows through his veins.”
Dominic sighed and walked closer to Malcolm. Resting a hand on his friend’s shoulder as he said softly, “Look man, you’re the one always saying never to take anything at face value.” With a frown he let his hand drop. “I know how ruthless he can be and I know it’s just his style to send in a beautiful, strong woman to come fuck with your head.”
Malcolm grimaced at the truth in Dominic’s words. Even if Victoria was unaware of what she had become involved with, he couldn’t chance it. “She’s still the key to finding Claire,” he said defensively. “She’s the only person I know who might be skilled enough.”
“And she might be on the payroll of the enemy! Look man, maybe you should just let her go,” Dominic said with anguish in his voice.
Those words sent Malcolm into a rage he struggled to control. Without being able to help himself he grabbed Dominic by the collar and pushed him against the hard brick wall near the door of the club. “Don’t you ever tell me to let go of her. They were both taken from me by that bastard!” Malcolm hissed with fury. “He poisoned Elizabeth against me and helped her flee the county. I’m not going to let him poison my daughter against me too. There’s only so much brainwashing a person can take before they believe that shit forever. Once her mind is set against me, then I’ve really lost her.” Malcolm looked at Dominic with bloodshot eyes as he trembled in anger. “Right now you’re either with me or you’re not.”
“Malcolm,” Dominic said softly. “I was talking about Victoria.”
The older man looked at his friend with a stunned lack of comprehension. 
Dominic lifted his hands to rest them on Malcolm’s and gave his friend a hard, unwavering stare. “You know I always have your back,” he said softly.
Malcolm felt the rage pass through him and his nerves calmed a bit. “I’m sorry. This is just such a mess,” he admitted.
Dominic nodded and clapped Malcolm on the back affectionately. “No. I’m sorry for being a pussy like I normally am. We’ve been through worse. We’ll get Claire back,” he said confidently. “So what’s your plan?”
“First of all, I need to send Brant a message in return,” Malcolm said coldly. “Then I need to make sure Victoria stays on our side.” 
Dominic crossed his arms thoughtfully. “What the hell do you plan on doing? She’s a strong woman with balls nearly as big as yours,” he said with a nervous laugh.
Malcolm looked at his friend with narrowed eyes that were filled with conviction. “Whatever it takes.”
Dominic frowned and turned on his heel. “I’ll go get things ready in that case,” he said as he left.
“Thank you,” Malcolm said with a sigh. He turned to look at the tall buildings of the Chicago skyline. Dark thoughts passed through his mind and he almost regretted what he was about to do. He walked deeper into the alley in an attempt to refocus his jumbled mind. 
The sky was clear and the city seemed so peaceful on a Saturday morning. Idly he wondered why he didn’t go on more of these walks after Friday nights on the club. The thought was pushed away, for he already knew the answer. He never had the time, and the only reason he could justify taking a moment to himself right now was because he needed to get away. 
Malcolm stopped as he exited the alleyway. The streets were empty of cars and there were only a few people walking around in the early morning. He allowed himself to rest against a wall and enjoy the peacefulness of the moment.
It was the last moment of peace he was going to have.


Chapter Seventeen


The girls stepped through the door to their apartment slowly. They both walked sluggishly, with minor limps, although it was significantly more noticeable in Chloe’s gait. 
“God, I need an aspirin for this headache,” Chloe complained as she pressed her hand against the side of her head.
“I think I have one in my purse,” Victoria said. She set her purse down on the counter and rummaged through it until she found the small container with her emergency painkillers. “Here you go.” She pulled out the bottle and handed it to her friend.
“You’re a lifesaver,” Chloe said as she happily took the bottle from Victoria’s hands. She fumbled with the lid for a moment before popping it off. Turning the bottle over, she tapped two pills into her hand. She placed them on her tongue and swallowed them before retrieving a glass of water to wash them down.
“Well, now we know that a drunk Chloe equals gangbangs and hangovers,” Victoria teased lightly.
Chloe frowned and hung her head in guilt. “I still can’t believe that happened,” she said softly. “Who the hell am I? That was insane.”
“I was impressed. You never did say just how you got into that situation in the first place,” Victoria said accusingly. “Too busy making fun of me for getting dragged off by the king.”
Chloe had a guilty look on her face that made her look more cute than sorry. “Only because I love you and I’m worried about you,” she said gently. “I don’t want to see you getting hurt.”
“Don’t worry, Chloe. I can take care of myself and I’m not worried about the mighty Malcolm Cage,” she said with a smile. The truth was that she was afraid, but she wasn’t going to let Chloe see that.
“That’s because you’re a fool and aren’t afraid of anything,” Chloe pointed out.
“Pfft, whatever. Just tell me how you ended up being with the twins and the bartender,” Victoria said to guide the conversation back to what she was really curious about. “Three men. Three!”
Chloe shrugged nonchalantly. “A girl doesn’t kiss and tell,” she said with an amused smirk on her face.
“Honey, I saw you yelling at them,” Victoria pointed out with a laugh. “You’ve done way more than tell.”
Chloe frowned slightly, her lip forming a pout. “I got so freaked out by seeing you watching us that I jumped off the boys before they finished. I wanted them all to unleash a waterfall of cum on me,” she said with sad disappointment.
Victoria’s jaw dropped open at her friend’s sudden sexual appetite. “Wow. Are you an alien bodysnatcher or something? Away, fiend! Who are you and what have you done with my friend Chloe?” she asked teasingly.
“Oh, she’s in here somewhere,” Chloe replied with a small smile on her face. “She just got a little drunk and Dominic was very smooth. That man could convince a girl to rip her panties off even if she was on her period and hadn’t done any personal grooming in a month.”
“Wow,” Victoria said with surprise, “you really like him.”
Chloe shrugged. “It doesn’t matter if I do or not. I’m never going to see him again,” she said with a hint of sadness in her voice.
“What makes you say that?” Victoria asked in concern.
“How are we ever going to afford to go to the club a second time?” Chloe asked sadly. “I’m already going to have trouble making next month’s rent after buying this dress.”
Victoria smiled as she remembered the card that Malcolm had given her. “Malcolm said we could come by anytime we wanted. Free of charge,” she said brightly.
Chloe’s ears perked up at the news and her frown instantly disappeared. “That’s such good news. Vica. I would really love to see Dominic again, but I’m not sure...”
Victoria could see a flash of fear in her friend’s eyes. Walking over to her, Victoria put her arms around Chloe gently. “Don’t worry, honey,” she said soothingly. “Just go see him next Friday! You never know.”
“But now he thinks I’m a huge slut,” Chloe said with dismay. “I only went crazy because I thought it was the only time we would ever get to spend together. I just wanted to get lost in the moment and do what you said… let loose.”
“Well, you definitely let it all out,” Victoria said with a laugh. “Trust me, in a place like that, anything goes. He’s probably seen and done worse on a regular basis. I’m sure he doesn’t think of you as a worthless slut.” Her words were filled with confidence and kindness. She knew Chloe was a good girl at heart and any guy worth his salt would see that. 
Chloe looked up into Victoria’s face and nodded slowly. “Maybe you’re right,” she said softly. “I’m just usually so nervous around men. This... this was like some kind of breakthrough for me.”
Victoria smiled down at her friend and gently rubbed her back. “I know, sweetie,” she said soothingly, “but you don’t have to be nervous with Dominic anymore. The two of you shared something really intense. He’s seen your wild side; something no one has ever seen. I bet you didn’t even know it existed. Neither of you have to waste time pretending to be something you’re not.” Victoria paused, and a whimsical little smile overtook her face. “You both know the truth. That can be the cornerstone of anything in the future.”
“Getting gangbanged can be a cornerstone of a relationship?” Chloe asked in a dubious tone.
Victoria shook her head and smirked. “No, silly. The act itself wasn’t important, but the fact that the two of you were both able to share it and enjoy it together! It means you’re somewhat sexually compatible, and you clearly enjoy his conversation and company. All good reasons not to be nervous and just put yourself out there.”
Chloe looked thoughtfully at her friend. “Wow,” she said quietly. “That makes me feel so much better, Vica. Thank you.”
Victoria grinned as she stepped away from Chloe. “I’m glad. Now I’m going to make something to eat before jumping into my story. Care to join me?” she asked brightly.
“No, thanks,” Chloe responded with a yawn. “I’m just going to take a shower and get to sleep.”
“Good idea,” Victoria responded cheerfully. “Goodnight, sweetie. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Mhm. Have fun with your racist gay senator,” Chloe said, lightly giggling as she turned to walk toward her bedroom.
Victoria grinned a bit as her friend walked away. Though she wanted to talk a bit more, she was grateful for the solitude. As much as she loved Chloe, she wanted to make something quick to eat and jump into her work. Chloe had a bad habit of needing more attention from Victoria than she could spare at times, and the most productive times were when Chloe worked or slept. 
Walking into the kitchen with quick steps, Victoria went right for the food cabinet. She swung the door open and her eyes scanned the contents for the item she was looking for. It was a dark chocolate protein shake she drank for a quick meal while writing. Once she located it, she greedily grabbed at it and twisted off the top.
Humming to herself cheerfully, she walked through the small apartment they called home. She moved over to the kitchen island where her laptop was set up. She pulled out her chair, took a seat and flipped open the top of her computer. She kept the apartment rather dim to save on electricity costs, and the bright screen of her computer was the only real source of lighting in the room. Smiling, she quickly typed in her password in a flurry of keystrokes, eager to get started.
It took a few moments for the laptop to resume functionality after she signed in. Her foot tapped impatiently as she waited. When she was finally able to open up a new document, she found herself staring at the blank page for a moment, thinking of how to begin.
It had been a while since she’d had a special story that was worthy of her time, and she could feel the excitement coursing through her like wildfire. The only other thing that had ever made her feel like this was… Malcolm. As soon as his name and image crossed her mind, she felt her body grow warm. It was strange to think of him while she was working; that had never happened to her before. Once she got into a story, nothing else usually mattered; yet the memory of Malcolm’s face was haunting every corner of her mind.
“Just get to work Victoria,” she assured herself as she began to type. “A few hundred words and you’ll forget all about him.” She chewed on a nail as she typed and deleted several times in a lame attempt to fabricate a headline: 
Senator Jones Hiding in the Closet: His Secret Life Exposed
Staring at the words with a slight tilt to her head, she wrinkled her nose. “Work in progress,” she said in irritation as she moved her cursor to begin typing the meat of the story.
As her fingers began to move, she found that she couldn’t focus as much as she wanted to. Thoughts of Malcolm kept popping into her mind and shivers went up her spine. “Goodness, girl, get a grip,” she scolded herself.
She grabbed her protein shake. The rich smell of dark chocolate filled her nostrils and she sighed in satisfaction. She lifted the small drink to her lips and poured the contents into her mouth. The shake touched her tongue and ignited her taste buds. She would live off these things if she could; at certain times in her life, she had. 
“Back to work,” she said with a sigh as she pulled the drink away from her mouth. Setting it down she positioned her hands on her keyboard to begin typing once more. Five hundred words later, she began to read over what she had written. Her prose disgusted her as she counted several errors in her sentence syntax and punctuation. “What is wrong with me today?” she asked with a frown. She leaned back in her seat and stared at her computer for several moments. 
The longer she stared, the more her mind filled with memories of being fucked senseless by Malcolm. The strong touch of his hands and the heat of his skin against hers. She couldn’t focus at all, and let out an exasperated sigh. “Fine!” she grumbled as she stood up from her chair. 
She would have to accept defeat and call it a night.
Grabbing her purse, she walked over to her room and shut the door. She immediately began peeling off her clothes. If she couldn’t stop herself from thinking about Malcolm, she might as well enjoy thinking about him. Normally, she thought about her work while she pleasured herself, and just masturbated to release a bit of tension and get back to business. It was rare for her to think of a man and she figured she might as well allow herself the fantasy.
The cool air of the apartment caused her nipples to stiffen as she removed her bra. She gingerly touched them and could feel how sensitive they still were from Malcolm’s rough treatment of them that night. She felt her pussy dampen as she remembered how roughly he had handled her in the hallway, and how demanding his voice had been.
Her hands idly traveled down her stomach, every inch of her skin coming alive at the touch. A shuddering breath escaped her lips as the tips of her fingers slipped under her panties. She was surprised to find that so much wetness had gathered there. 
“The things you do to me, Mr. Cage,” she said with a smile on her lips. She parted her folds and buried her fingers into her flesh until they brushed against her clit. A small moan escaped her swollen lips as she rubbed her nub in small circles. The fabric of her panties started to become soaked with her wetness and she found the feeling uncomfortable. She eagerly struggled to rip them off. The chill of the air tickled her body and caused goose flesh to rise all over her skin. 
She moved forward to collapse on the bed, feeling the soft cotton caressing her skin soothingly. They weren’t quite as smooth as the sheets on Malcolm’s bed, but these belonged to her. They provided a sense of comfort and safety as she relaxed her body and mind. The whole night had seemed like a dream, and she wondered if any of it had ever really happened. Had she really masturbated in front of a room full of people? Had she really been fucked into oblivion by a mysterious billionaire? The only proof was the soreness and burning of her tender asshole from where he had penetrated her. She definitely hadn’t imagined that.
Her hands stroked her skin softly as she stimulated her clit in the familiar way that she most liked. Her mind conjured up images of Malcolm, imagining it was him that was touching her. “Mm, this is nice,” she moaned as her fingers pulled at her nipples. Her wetness was growing and beginning to leak out of her pussy, dripping down the crack of her ass. 
Her fingers traveled down her body and brushed against her clit once more. Her back arched slightly at the contact and she released a satisfied moan. She could still feel his velvety cock sliding into her, inch by inch, as her back was pressed against the wall of the shower. She could still hear him whispering into her ear as he pounded her. Her body throbbed with yearning, and touching herself simply wasn’t enough. “Oh, Malcolm,” she moaned as she slipped two fingers into herself.
They weren’t nearly as big as he was, but it was all she could do in order to satisfy the of her body. She could feel her orgasm begin to build in her abdomen, and it surprised her. She was so turned on she didn’t know what to do with herself. Just imagining Malcolm in the bed with her, pounding her for all he was worth, was enough to send her over the edge. It was more than she could bear, and she pumped her fingers faster and harder.
Just as she was feeling the beginnings of a powerful, blissful orgasm inundating her body in soft waves, her phone began to ring loudly. The distracting sound pulled her mind from her fantasy, and she sat up from bed with fury in her eyes. “Oh, this had better be good,” she said in exasperation.
Angrily, she got up to locate her purse and searched the contents of the bag. As she pulled out her phone, her eyes scanned the caller ID. It was an unfamiliar number and she scowled in suspicion. “Who calls this early on a Saturday,” she said irritably as she accepted the call. 
“This is a call for Victoria Chase,” a robotic voice said over the phone. “If you are Victoria Chase, please press one.” 
She curiously hit the button the voice was instructing her to and anxiously waited to hear what it had to say next.
“Thank you. This is a mobile banking alert. We’re sorry to inform you that all bank accounts, lines of credit and credit cards have been canceled due to a criminal investigation…” The voice continued on in a mechanic drone.
She hung up the phone and cut off the voice before it could finish. Apprehension weighed in her stomach heavily. She was rattled by what she had just heard; it must have been a prank or a mistake. She was no criminal.
She shook the cobwebs from her mind and quickly threw a robe over her naked body. She exited her room and walked back over to her laptop, quickly jabbing a finger into a key to bring it to life. Her foot began to tap rapidly as her stress levels increased. When the screen finally lit up, she logged in and went to her internet browser. Each second seemed like an eternity as the thing took it’s time to load.
“Faster, you stupid machine,” she said with panic rising in her voice. “Don’t do this to me now.”
Her browser finally opened up and she quickly maneuvered the mouse cursor to her search bar. She quickly typed in the web address of her bank account and anxiously waited for it to log her in. When she was able to look at the information she recoiled in horror. The voice had been correct, everything she had was closed. Huge red letters flashed under each account number, they read: Suspended.
“I’m not a fucking criminal!” she shouted. Terror began to rip at her heart and she pulled out her phone to call her bank. 
The ringing in her ears annoyed her as she paced. She punched in her information as fast as she could into the automated operator. The robotic voice confirmed her fears. She repeated the process again as she found it increasingly difficult to believe that everything she had was somehow inaccessible. All the money for her student loans, her half of the rent, and even to buy food was gone. She even had a little savings account where she was trying to push a few extra bucks now and then to save up for a new place someday. Everything was gone and she couldn’t understand why.
Her mind went over each possible situation to try and come to some logical conclusion. Had she done something she wasn’t aware of that she was being investigated for? Had she pissed off someone with one of her stories? The question caused her lips to pull into a grim line. “Malcolm,” she whispered. She flinched in horror as she recalled his threat, but quickly pushed it away. He had been so sweet and kind to her afterwards, and even apologized. Surely he wasn’t betraying her!
Another possibility crossed her mind: the senator she was investigating. It was possible he had somehow found out about the picture and was coming after her as a warning. She didn’t know what was going on, and suddenly everyone had the potential to be an enemy.
When her phone rang again, she jumped in fear. She didn’t recognize the number and hesitantly answered the call, fearing even more bad news.
“Victoria.” The masculine voice of Malcolm sounded over the line. 
His voice brought her more comfort than she cared to admit. Even though a moment before, she had been fearing his betrayal, the strength in his voice somehow instantly calmed her down. “Malcolm?” she asked breathlessly. 
“Yes. I was just calling to check up on you and make sure you made it home alright,” he said in a voice filled with genuine concern. “I want to see you this afternoon,” he said calmly.
She couldn’t believe this was happening to her. She had just found out that her life had been stolen from her, and the stranger she had spent all night fucking was now asking her for a booty call! On the same day that he had pounded her raw no less. “No, Malcolm,” she said in disgust. “Why would you ask to see me right now? Can’t you even give me a moment alone?” Her voice was sounding more hysterical by the moment and she realized that she was just attacking him because of her stress. It made her feel guilty but she didn’t know what to feel anymore. “Don’t you have better things to do with your time than bother me? God!” 
“I was really hoping you might be available,” he said softly. 
“Well, I’m not!” Victoria hissed.
“Why?” 
“Because I have bigger issues right now than fucking you!” she shouted in a harsher tone than she had intended.
“I see. It’s a good thing I’m not asking to fuck you,” he said through a smile. “This is business, Victoria. Come by my office this afternoon.”
Something in her snapped as she heard those words. “You did this to me!” she screamed. Her anger began boiling over the top.
“Some elaboration is required,” he said in a level tone.
“You stole it all from me! I know you did.” She saw red and didn’t even know if it was true. She just needed to lash out at someone.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about, my dear. But I assure you that whatever the situation might be, I can assist you. As long as you can assist me in return.”
She dropped to her knees. “You bastard.” Tears began to fill her eyes at the betrayal. Why would he do this to her? Hadn’t she been good to him during their time together? Hadn’t she explained that his request crossed her line? Did he have no shame?
Of course he didn’t. He was a god.
“Malcolm,” she said through gritted teeth. “Why? Just give me my goddamn life back.”
“Like I said, if you come to my office, I should be able to assist you.”
“Fuck you!” she cursed brokenly. “I can’t be bought, threatened, or blackmailed into helping you. It’s free will or nothing at all.”
“And you will help me of your own free will,” he informed her. “That is, if you ever want to hold a job in this country or legally drive a vehicle again. Identities are precious things, Victoria. Upon your agreement to assist me, I will do what I can to correct whatever difficulties you seem to be having.”
She was rendered speechless by the audacity of this ultimatum. How dare he!
“I expect to see you at my office in an hour, Victoria,” he said with determination.
“Jesus, don’t you ever sleep?” she asked as the anger began to boil up inside her again. She wiped the tears that had begun to form in her eyes away in disgust. “I don’t even care anymore, Malcolm. I told you that I’m not helping you write this story. Do whatever you want to me.” She refused to play his game and surrender. Two people could play hardball and she was determined to win.
“Then you won’t get your life back, Victoria,” he said matter-of-factly. 
She could hear the threat in his voice, but something sounded off about the way he spoke. She wasn’t as afraid of him as she knew she should be. “Then you won’t find your daughter, Malcolm,” she retorted. “And trust me, I can figure my own shit out and bounce back from this. I barely had any money anyway. What are you going to do ten years from now when you still haven’t found her? When she is old enough to hate you for not being in her life?” she asked in a rage.
“You sound like you’re speaking from experience,” he said softly.
She knew that she had somehow struck a chord within him and her lips pulled into a vicious smile. “I am,” she said bitterly. “My father left me when I was a child. Without a word. Why do you think I was so sympathetic to the man in my first story? He actually gave a fuck enough to search for his daughter when he got out of prison.”
“I know; I read the story. When I recognized you, I assumed that you would also be willing to help me. I need to find my daughter,” he said with an edge in his tone. “And you will help me, Victoria. It doesn’t matter if you want to or not.”
“If only you knew how that story ended, Malcolm,” she said coldly. “Then you’d realize just how big a piece of shit you really are right now.”
There was a silence over the line for a moment as Malcolm considered her words. She could hear the gears turning in his head and waited impatiently for him to return with some retort.
“It doesn’t matter,” he finally said. “I already know how our story is going to end, Victoria.” There was a short pause. When he spoke again, his voice was as cold as steel. “I always get what I want. You now have fifty seven minutes to come to my office or you will never have been born.”




Club Luxe 2: Secrets Exposed

With her life stolen from her, Victoria is left with no choice. She must drop everything and dedicate herself to helping the infuriating and irresistible Malcolm Cage. But the task is a dangerous hunt for information that she promised herself she would avoid at all costs. It doesn’t help that Malcolm is utterly distracting with a voice as smooth as silk and eyes that make her body tremble...

Available from all major retailers.
Read the next book now!


Thank you for reading this book by Olivia Noble!
Join our mailing list for updates on new books:
Sign Up
You will also receive a FREE book as a gift ($3.99 value) when you subscribe to Olivia’s newsletter.


To learn more about upcoming books, visit the author’s blog: 
Olivia’s Blog

Like on Facebook:
Olivia Noble Fan Page

Email the author: 
author.olivia.noble@gmail.com


