COLE

Desert Rebels MC Series 
Book 1

By
Tory Richards


Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2019 Tory Richards



ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

WARNING: The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal. No part of this book may be used or reproduced electronically or in print without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in reviews.

This is a work of fiction. All names, characters, and places are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 




Editor: Alisha Corsi
Cover Designer: Probook
Chapter 1


"What the fuck?" I grumbled, half-asleep, rolling away from the woman in my bed so that I could reach the ringing phone on the nightstand. I hoped like hell that it wasn't Demon needing something, because I was too fucking hung over from a night of drinking to be out riding on my bike right now. "What?" I snarled into the receiver once I had it up to my ear. I lay back against the mattress, closing my eyes with a tired groan.  
A deep chuckle was my response from the other end of the line. "Sounds like I caught you at a bad time, brother."
I grinned and tried to remain awake, recognizing Moody's voice, even though it had been quite a while since the last time we’d talked. With his wife, Bailey, and a houseful of kids, he was pretty much domesticated these days. "What the fuck you want this early in the morning?"
The woman next to me stirred with a low whine.
"Has Demon talked to you yet?" 
I grunted out a negative response. 
"Need a favor," Moody said.
"What?" I yawned, stretching.
"Remember back when that fucker kidnapped Bailey and we tracked him down at that Denny's?" 
Hell, that had been a few years ago. I shook my head to clear the cobwebs, and took a minute to think about it. That situation had been a fucking mess. The maniac who'd kidnapped Bailey had thought that she should be his. He'd roughed her up and then tried to get her to his MC when Bailey had managed to get away. "Yeah." 
"Remember the woman working there that helped her, Rosie?" 
Not really. 
"Told her I owed her, and that if she ever needed anything to get in touch. I heard from her yesterday."
I vaguely recalled the woman, but I knew that if it hadn't been for her then we may not have found Bailey alive. She'd kept Bailey hidden in the back of the Denny’s until we could get to her. I had a soft spot for Moody's wife. If she and Moody hadn't hooked up, I would have fought hard to win her over. "What's she need?" 
"A place for her daughter to hide out for a while." That didn't sound too bad. "And I'm not about to bring her here. Bailey's about to pop out baby number four—"
I snorted at that news. "Fuck, brother, why don't you try keeping your dick in your pants for a change?" Even as I said the words, I knew that if I had a woman like her I wouldn't be able to keep my hands off of her either.
"Not my fault I have super sperm and she gave me three babies in one pop." 
Their triplets were about four-years-old now. I picked up on the contentment in Moody's tone. The man had come a long way from the distrustful, uncaring bastard that I'd known before Bailey had come into his life. After what he'd gone through, he deserved a good, happy life.
Releasing a tired breath, I sat up against the headboard, good and awake now. "Why does she need to lay low?" I was all for helping out, but as Enforcer for the Desert Rebels I had an obligation to keep my club safe. I needed to know if this favor would put the club at risk. "She in trouble?" 
Moody snorted. "Trouble with her ex. Rosie wants to get her daughter away from there to put distance between them." Moody paused briefly before continuing. "Should be easy, unless you can't handle the possibility of a love-sick boyfriend showing up." He let the sentence trail off with a wry chuckle.
I scoffed at his tactic, not quite ready to believe that it was going to be as simple as he claimed it would be. "Seems like a lot of trouble just to put distance between them. Why doesn't her mother just lock her up in her room or something?" I ran my hand through my tousled hair, picturing a young, impulsive girl sneaking off to be with her boyfriend every chance she got.
Moody released a breath. "Asked Rosie the same thing, brother," he admitted. "For one thing, her daughter is an adult. The ex is the one doing the stalking and making life difficult for her. Rosie believes if Raven disappears for a while, he'll forget about her and move on."
I frowned. "So this is a babysitting job?" I wasn't a fucking babysitter, but I supposed I could bring the woman to the clubhouse, put her to work during her stay. "How long we talking about?"
"A few months," he answered. "One other thing, brother--I need you to pick her up. She doesn't have a car. Rosie said they'd meet you at the same Denny's we picked up Bailey at. I'll text you Rosie's number so you can make the arrangements." 
His tone sounded as if I'd already agreed to help. Hell, Moody knew that I would. Moody was a good friend to the club, he'd helped us out plenty of fucking times. I took a minute to pull up the memory of where the Denny's in question was located. The woman next to me moved, her arm reaching out searchingly. I grinned, bringing her hand over to cover my morning wood. 
"I'll do it, brother. We're down a club girl right now. I won't put her to work on her back, but she can clean." A groan escaped me as Tamara's hand curled around my dick and began to pump. "You said you spoke to Demon?" Demon was our president. We'd voted him in after our previous president, Killer, had succumbed to cancer three years earlier.
"Already did, brother," Moody admitted. "Said shit has been quiet and this was your call."
I stretched back a little and thrust my dick up in the air, encouraging Tamara to keep going. Hopefully after she pumped my dick a little she'd roll over and replace her hand with her mouth.
"I'll make plans to head out right away. Got nothing going on." Demon hadn't been lying when he'd told Moody that shit had been quiet lately. We hadn't had any real trouble since we’d taken over the Devil's Soldiers and patched over what was left of their MC. The ones that we wanted, anyway.
"Appreciate it, brother."
Moody texted Rosie's number as soon as we ended the call. I set my phone down on the nightstand and closed my eyes, enjoying the soft, wet lips closing over my dick. I groaned at Tamara's thoroughness and expertise, dropping my hand in the back of her hair and forcing her to take me deeper. Whether her moans were of pleasure or protest, I didn't give a fuck. She was a club slut, and this is what they were kept around for.
Five minutes later I was coming down her throat. 


****

Raven

"You lied to him." I stuffed a few necessities into a small gym bag that belonged to my brother, Don, the only thing I’d been told there would be enough room for on the bike. "I don't like going into this under false pretenses." I paused long enough to give my mother, Rosie, a disapproving glance. She knew how much I hated lying.
"It was necessary," Rosie insisted, pulling a couple of tees out of a drawer and handing them to me. "They would never have agreed to let you go with them if you'd told them the truth, and you need protection."
"What if it backfires?" I asked, stuffing the tees in on top of the two pairs of jeans she'd packed. "Have you thought of that? The Desert Rebels are a dangerous motorcycle club, mom."
Rosie scoffed, brushing my concerns aside. "Exactly why you're going with them. They won't let anything happen to you. All you have to do is remember the story we've come up with."
I pressed my lips. "The story you came up with," I reminded her. "Mom?" 
She sat down on my bed, looking at me expectantly. 
"I know that you're worried about me. I'm just as worried about leaving all of you here. Maybe I should just disappear on my own. I can cut off my hair, change the color, change my appearance, and get on a bus dressed like a boy." I knew as soon as I’d laid out my plan that it wouldn’t work. I had size D breasts, and no amount of binding was going to camouflage them.
Mom shook her head the entire time I spoke. She'd apparently made up her mind. "Don't worry about us, we'll be fine. It's you they're after. No one has come looking for you at the house or your job since it happened."
Because it had happened only last night, I wanted to scream. Instead I said, "They haven't found out who I am yet." I clamped my mouth closed to calm my growing frustration. It wouldn't solve anything to fight with Mom, who was only trying to help. 
Mom set a pair of sneakers down next to the bag. "It's a good thing you have boots. You can wear them on the bike ride."
"Mom?" I waited until I had her attention. "Once those men find out who I am, they'll come here, and they won't be nice."
"They won't find you."
I released a heavy sigh of frustration. "It's not just me that I'm worried about." Couldn't she understand that?
"What?" There was a spark of anger in Rosie's eyes as she slapped her hands on her hips. Despite her show of confidence, I knew that she was frightened, though knowing my mom, she would never admit it. "You think killing a bunch of helpless women in this small town will go unnoticed?"
"Maybe we should all go into hiding," I suggested. I had four siblings, and I was the baby. Amber and Martha still lived at home, and attended the local college. Don and William were long-haul truck drivers and were on the road somewhere on the East Coast. Our father had died of a heart attack the year before.
"Sweetheart, that would be a big mistake. It would only prove to these hoodlums that you told us what you saw, and give them even more of a reason to hurt us and then go looking for you. This way if they show up here, we can act ignorant and tell them you came home one day, packed a bag, and said you were going on a road trip to find yourself."
I scoffed at that. "They won't buy that, Mom. They're killers!"
She shrugged. "I just have to sound convincing." She made it sound so easy.
I turned before she could see the tears in my eyes. As long as I’d lived, Mom had always been the problem-solver in the family. She was like a dog with a bone, and refused to give up or give in when a situation needed to be resolved. I'd even known her to help our neighbors, as well as complete strangers, when the need arose. Hence the reason she'd called some biker named Moody to help me. Apparently she'd helped his wife out of a bind a few years ago, and he'd given her his number in case she ever needed him to return the favor.
If given the opportunity, Mom would take on the world's problems. She always managed to come up with a solution that worked, but this time her solution seemed weak. We were dealing with killers, not working out a compromise between two arguing employees at Denny's. 
I quickly brushed at my cheeks and sucked in a deep breath. I could hear Mom’s movements behind me as she continued to pull out things for me to take. 
Her silence spoke volumes. She knew that I was worried and upset. I'd witnessed a horrible crime, and worse, I'd been seen before I’d made my escape. I should have just kept driving and not stopped until I was across the country. Under normal circumstances I would have gone directly to the police station. But there'd already been a cop there, and he had executed a man in cold blood. Instead, I'd driven like a bat out of hell all the way home and had fallen into my mother's arms, barely able to get a word out and not knowing what to do. 
"You're going to be okay, Raven," Mom said from behind me. 
I turned and gave her a watery smile. 
I could hear the conviction in her tone, but my mom was naïve as to the kind of men we were dealing with. I worked in a men's club, a club for men who were rich and powerful and capable of anything. They were ambitious, and that made them dangerous. They were good to the women who worked there, generous with their tips, respectful as long as you gave them what they wanted. For the most part, they trusted that we could keep our mouths shut about what we saw and heard, and that we would provide good service. They weren't there to pick up women, they were there to discuss business and make deals. 
They were the type of men who wore expensive suits, smoked expensive cigars, and drank expensive scotch. If one of them offered money for a little extra something from one of the girls, it was completely up to the girl to decide if she would have sex with him or not. 
I never took any of the men up on those offers. I did my job and nothing else, happy with the paycheck that I got at the end of every week. 
"Just stick to the story. It's simple and believable."
And if they find out who I was and came for me? What then? 
More importantly, what would happen if the Desert Rebels discovered my deception? 
It was possible that I was in more danger than my mother knew. 
Chapter 2


Cole


Sax and I walked inside Denny's as if we owned the fucking place, our size and cuts drawing immediate attention and discomfort. Sax and I were both big men and well over six-feet-tall. I was aware of the heads that swung our way, a normal occurrence wherever the Desert Rebels went. Belonging to an MC, being covered in tattoos, and exuding tough, unapproachable demeanors always elicited fear and nervousness from civilians. They expected the worst from us, and they usually went out of their way to avoid us. Of course, it was easier to let them think that we meant trouble. Questions weren't asked, and if anything bad did happen, no one ever saw anything because they were too afraid to speak out against bikers.
My gaze scanned the restaurant, looking for Rosie. I could have come for Raven on my own, but Demon didn't like any of us traveling alone so far away from home. With new MC's popping up everywhere overnight, we never knew when we'd be trespassing through a claimed territory. Finally, my eyes lit on an older woman who was walking out from the back of the restaurant. I recognized her as the woman that I'd seen years before--older, a little heavier, but her kind expression was the same as at it had been then.
I didn’t expect her to recognize me, so I was surprised when she walked directly toward me with a big smile. 
"Cole?" she asked, surprising me by taking my hands briefly.
"Yes, ma'am," I responded, getting a snort from Sax.
"Come," she ordered, turning around and walking away. "My daughter is in the back." Her laugh was a little forced and laced with nervousness. "Her ex-boyfriend just won't leave her alone."
Well, that explained why the woman was hiding in the back. Sax and I exchanged smirks and followed her. 
"Why didn't you just call the cops?" Sax questioned behind me. It was something that we'd talked to each other about earlier. 
"Ah…" she stopped at a closed door and turned back to us, wringing her hands. I recognized the nervous gesture. "Well, ah, this is a small town, and his brother and uncle are policemen in the department."
"Fuck, bad luck." Sax's tone was understanding.
Her smile was a little forced. I stared at her, wondering why she was so fucking nervous. Her hands looked red now. A prickling at the back of my neck told me that she wasn't being completely truthful. I was good at reading people, and the woman standing before us was scared of something.
"Are they giving you a hard time?" I asked. I fucking hated cops who used their authority to intimidate people.
"No! No!" she quickly rushed out, offering nothing more. She took a breath, smiling. "My daughter is in here." She pushed the door open to a small office of sorts. "Raven, they're here."
The woman sitting at the desk had her head bent at something that she was reading, her mother's voice drawing her gaze upward. 
Damn. The woman was a fucking stunner.
The first thing I noticed was the jet black silkiness of her thick hair, which was pulled up in a sloppy ponytail. The next thing I took in was the graceful column of her throat, and the sexy definition of her clavicle at the top of her breast bone. I'd never noticed the clavicle on a woman before--my favorite part of a woman’s body was her tits--but the square cut of this woman's shirt hugged the top half of her body, drawing the eye there. The second thing I noticed was her luscious tits, and then the bright green, cat-shaped eyes that met mine. 
The woman rose to her feet--she couldn't have been more than five-three--and she was a curvy little thing. The honeyed color of her smooth skin suggested that her father hadn't been Caucasian--maybe Hispanic, or even Native American. Her high cheekbones complimented her full lips. The smile that she cast in my direction, a cross between innocence and vixen, went straight to my dick. 
"Nice to meet you." Her tone had the deep, sexy quality of a sultry soul singer. 
Shit. Everything about her reached me on a purely sexual level that heightened my senses and made my fucking dick tent my pants. I didn't like my instant reaction to her. She was just a woman for fuck’s sake, yet everything inside of me screamed for me to stake a claim now, before my brothers saw her. They were going to be on her in a New York minute.
Sax mumbled something behind me about being glad that he already had an old lady. This only confirmed that this woman was going to mean trouble.
"You ready?" I asked abruptly, ignoring her greeting. It wasn't like me to be rude to a lady, but my instant attraction to her had caught me off-guard, along with my gut instinct that there was something more going on here than just a woman avoiding a jilted lover. 
Her smile never wavered. "Yes." She bent for something at her feet and lifted up a duffle bag. "Packed and ready to go."
Rosie moved to her, taking her into her arms. "Everything will be alright. You'll see. Just give it a little time. Getting away will do you both some good."
The doubtful look Raven gave her mother when they parted was interesting. "I hope you're right, Mom."
I turned and stepped around Sax to leave. "She's riding with you."
"Hell, no," he snorted right behind me, something like panic in his voice. "I show back up at the clubhouse with another woman riding bitch, and Holly will have my balls. And you know the rules, brother."
I released a harsh breath. Yeah, I fucking knew the rules. If you had an old lady or sweetheart, then you didn't put another woman on your bike. I didn’t plan on ever having either, and I didn't like women on my bike. In my world, you let a woman ride behind you and she thought she meant something to you, something more than a warm pussy. Hell, I didn't let the club women get on my bike, and they knew the score.
"Thank you for letting me stay at your clubhouse," Raven commented as she followed behind us.
We exited Denny's and walked toward our bikes. "You're not just staying there." I didn't bother turning around. "We're putting you to work while you're with us." We'd reached the bikes, and I dug out the brain bucket Demon had insisted I bring for her. I turned back to her, noticing again how tiny she was compared to me. "Everyone carries their own weight in our club. You won't be a guest," I clarified, meeting her eyes.
If anything, her smile grew wider at this. "Good. I don't want to be a burden, and it will make the time go by faster."
Without warning, I reached up and pulled the band holding her ponytail away, freeing up her hair to fall around her shoulders and halfway down her back. She gasped at my sudden move, but didn't move. I saw the question in her eyes. "The helmet won't fit with your hair up like that."
"Oh. You could have just said something."
I pulled the helmet down over her head and strapped it tightly beneath her chin. She kept her eyes on me the entire time, along with that maddening smile on her lips. It was almost as if she knew that I wasn't happy with the situation, and it amused her. I stood back when I was done and stared at her for a moment. 
"What the fuck is so funny?"
"My, you're a grumpy one, aren't you?"
Sax snorted and glanced away when I shot him a sharp look. I grabbed her bag and stuffed it into the saddle bag. I didn't respond to her comment. I was grumpy, and I didn't know why. 
Actually, I did. It was my attraction to Raven. I'd been attracted to women before, but not like this. This was different. And I didn't like it.
"Get on," I snapped after mounting my bike. 


****

Raven


I did as Cole ordered and climbed onto the bike behind him, looking for somewhere to put my feet. I'd never been on a motorcycle before, but how hard could it be? He seemed to be waiting for something, and his huff revealed his impatience.
"Cole?"
"Yeah?"
"Where do I put my feet?"
Another huff. He turned slightly and pointed down. "Make sure you don't touch the exhaust pipe, you'll get burned."
"Okay." I did what he said, determined not to let his sour mood get to me. I wasn’t sure what his problem was, but it couldn't have been anything that I'd done. We'd just met, for God's sake. Once I was settled I realized that there was no back rest, so I gingerly wrapped my arms around his torso, returning the grin of his friend, who seemed to be amused by the whole situation. He gave me a wink. "I'm ready."
Without a word, Cole started his bike. Before taking off, he grabbed my hands and brought my arms tighter around his waist until they overlapped. "Hold on tight!" he shouted over the noise of the bike.
Gladly, I thought. I didn't want to fall off. But if I were being honest, my tight grip had nothing to do with my fear of being thrown off the bike. The man was eye-candy, to say the least, with his jet-black hair that hung down to his collar, and sharp blue eyes that were set in a strong-boned face of utter masculinity. His five o'clock shadow emphasized his bad, mood in a sexy, grizzly kind of way. The man was huge, and now that I had my arms around him I could tell that he was also ripped—not in the body-builder sense, but in the naturally sculptured way hard work rewards you with. The scent coming off the back of his neck was old leather and smoky heat, and was surprisingly comforting. 
Arousing.
It occurred to me that I was attracted to him. I had known it with one look, even though he was unlike any man I'd known before. Apart from his sexy, bad-boy persona, the intense look in his eyes, and the brash way that he spoke, I got the impression that he wasn't someone you would want to mess with. He wasn't exactly going out of his way to be warm and friendly to me, and I had to wonder if that was the norm for him.
We didn't take the interstate, as I'd thought we would. Instead we stuck to the back roads, which was fine by me. It was a nicer ride. Less-traveled, and the scenery prettier to look at. The rural countryside seemed peaceful. There was lots of farmland on both sides of the road, and an equal amount of fields planted with vegetables. The sun was warm, but the wind brushing over us kept it from being too hot.
I wasn't sure how long we'd been riding when we came upon a group of other bikers riding toward us. They were further up the road, and my heart skipped a beat when they stopped and formed a line across the road, blocking our way. I counted five of them. As we rode closer I could tell that they weren't part of the Desert Rebels. We slowed down, coming to a stop a few yards away from them.
Cole turned his head slightly and murmured low, "No matter what, don't speak to them and don't question anything I do."
He didn't give me a chance to respond. I cast a nervous glance at his friend beside us, but his attention was on the bikers blocking our way. I could tell by the way he held himself that he was ready to act if he had to. No one made a move to get off their bikes. I buried my face against Cole's back, hoping the whole thing would just blow over. I didn't want to be in the middle of a fight if it went that way. 
"You dickheads got a problem?"
Cole was the first one who spoke, and I caught my breath at his gruff approach, thinking to myself that those were the kind of words that started a fight. 
"Seems like you Desert Rebels have the problem," someone from the other side snorted. "Being that you're outnumbered and you have the fucking balls to ride through our turf."
"’Turf’?" Cole laughed. "What, are we in the nineteen-fifties?"
Why was he goading them? I wanted to slap him upside his head, but instead I leaned in close to his ear. "Why don’t you try being nice to them?" 
Cole straightened against me, and I knew that I’d made a big mistake. I could feel it in the way that he suddenly grew rigid against me. 
Laughter sounded out from the five bikers across from us. God, I hadn't thought that they'd heard me. "Yeah, why don't you try being nice to us?" one of them taunted. "Or better yet, let your woman be nice to us."
That comment caused Cole to stiffen even more. I decided to keep my mouth shut and sink back behind his wide shoulders. 
"Since when do the fucking Knights claim this territory as theirs?" Cole's friend asked. "Last we heard, your MC was further south."
"Since we outnumber you, asshole," one of them smirked.
"If we'd of known we would have made arrangements to ride through peacefully," Cole's friend continued. He was obviously the diplomatic one of the two.
Cole lifted up enough to remove his phone from his back pocket. The rump of his butt brushed against my pussy, eliciting a pleasant tingle that caught me totally by surprise. 
"Tell you what--let me just call Bear and ask him if it's okay to ride through your new turf."
It was clear from their expressions that they hadn't expected Cole to know this Bear person, and that whoever he was, he was someone important to them. They exchanged slightly concerned looks with one another, as if they’d just realized that what they were doing was suddenly a bad idea. It was kind of funny, really. The tough, macho attitudes they'd been brandishing were now gone. Even though Cole was holding his phone, he didn't make any attempt to use it. Just sat there and waited.
One of the bikers began to rub the lower half of his face, as if rethinking the situation. "No point in bothering the prez," he finally quipped. "We'll let you pass with just a warning this time."
They separated, two on one side of the road and three on the other, making just enough room for us to pass through one at a time. It made me nervous, but nothing more was said as we took off. I was the only one who glanced back to see if they were following. Thank God they were riding the other way.
Whew! I didn't know much about biker clubs beyond the little that I’d been able to find online. Once mom had told me about the arrangements she'd made, I'd done a little research. According to the internet, biker clubs were territorial; some were friendly with each other, some not so much. Some were involved in illegal activity, some were law abiding citizens. Some were hard-core, while others were what was known as “weekend warriors”. Violence, crime and living outside the laws of society seemed to be the common denominator between some of the hard-core MCs. 
I knew the Desert Rebels were considered hard-core bikers, yet there hadn't been much published about them with regard to breaking the law. A little trouble here and there, but no murders or missing person's cases had been connected to them. That only meant that they hadn't been caught, as far as I was concerned. The way Cole and his friend had faced off against the other MC revealed that they were dangerous men. 
I wondered to myself what Cole would have done if the other MC hadn't backed down when they had. I recalled the way his body had grown rigid beneath my hands when I'd spoken into his ear. Was he still angry with me? It was a bad habit I had, opening my mouth and saying the wrong thing at the worst moment. It had gotten me into trouble more than once growing up. It wasn’t the safest vice for someone who'd always been on the petite side, but what people didn't know about me was that I was scrappy. 
We came to a restaurant and pulled into the lot. It was a mom and pop place with a sign that simply read, Restaurant. The building was small and white, and had clearly been a house at one time. Once the bikes were parked, the three of us dismounted. I wobbled a little, and had to grab hold of the seat to steady myself. Cole's friend shot me a smile as he began to walk toward the door.
"Be right in, Sax."
I gave Sax a smile as he gave Cole a chin lift. As I made a move to step past Cole in order to follow Sax, Cole grabbed my arm.
"What—" I glanced down at the hand around my arm, and then felt myself being pulled behind Cole toward the side of the restaurant. 
When we were out of view of the parking lot, Cole spun me around and released me.
"We need to talk, woman." 
Chapter 3


Cole

I ignored the stubborn tilt to Raven’s chin when I'd called her, "woman". 
"I don't have time to go over MC protocol with you, but when I tell you something, it's not just to hear my own voice."
"I did research—"
I snorted, crossing my arms. "On the internet?" 
She nodded. 
"Fuck what you read or think you know. What you did back there could have caused a shit-storm."
"I didn't mean for them to hear me," she began, facing me like a little tiger. "And I'm sorry, Cole," she surprised me by saying. "I have a bad habit of saying things when I should keep my mouth shut."
"Pick up a new habit then and learn to keep your fucking mouth shut." I could tell that she didn't like what I’d said. She squared her shoulders, as if preparing for a fight, which only served to draw my eyes to her luscious tits. I could tell they were the real deal, and I couldn't stop myself from visualizing my dick sliding between them. The thought of giving her a pearl necklace wasn't the image I wanted in my head right then.
"Are you always this sweet?"
This wasn't a fucking game, and I didn't like her attitude or the amusement that danced in her sparkling eyes. This was serious shit, and it was clear that she thought the whole thing was a joke. I snapped and took a step toward her. My sudden move startled her into stepping backwards until her back came up against the side of the building. I didn't stop until her tits were brushing against my abs.
"You want sweet?" I growled down into her uplifted face, determined to wipe that smile right off. "Get down on your knees and I can be as sweet as you want."
Her expression sobered, and the sparkling fire in her eyes turned into a dark storm. I could see the slap coming, and did nothing to stop it. I let her appease her insulted sensibilities. In fact I fucking relished the sting of her slap against my cheek. I didn't so much as blink, and instead returned her grin, a reaction she obviously didn't appreciate. The second time Raven raised her hand I stopped it in mid-air and crushed my body against hers.
She huffed and tried to throw me off. "Get off, you big jerk!" Her other hand came up to pound against my chest. 
I laughed at her efforts, easily subduing her by bringing her arms up and pinning them to the wall. "Good. Fight me," I rasped down at her, enjoying the feel of her curves against me. "Because sweet doesn't win the battle, baby. And that's how I keep my MC safe. It's my job to show the other man that I'm bigger and badder and that I'm not afraid to fight. I don't need a little girl who knows shit about what's going on whispering shit in my ear unless it's to say you like my big dick."
She stopped her struggling and glared up at me. Damn, she was beautiful, breathing hard through those full lips and showing me her perfect little teeth, and the warmth of her skin tone couldn’t disguise the flush in her cheeks. Her hair was everywhere, beckoning me to lose my hands in it. 
"I said I was sorry," she reminded me. "Are you done molesting me?"
I snorted and released her before I did something stupid, like crush her obstinate mouth beneath mine. The fact that I wanted to warned me that I needed to stay away from her. My job was to get her to the clubhouse safely, and nothing more. 
"As long as you do what you're told and follow the rules, you'll be okay. When there's trouble you stay out of the way. Got me?"
"I take it someone will inform me of what those rules are when I get to your clubhouse?" she asked smartly.
"Yep." I grabbed her arm and pulled her away from the wall. "Let's go. I'm hungry."
"Yes, I noticed." 
I halted abruptly and spun her back around, the double entendre of her smart-ass comment not lost on me. So, she'd noticed my erection, had she? She was staring up at me innocently, but innocent she wasn't. I had the urge to show her just how fucking hungry I was by pushing her back against the building and fucking her right there. The movement of my dick drew her gaze downward, and with a knowing smirk I watched her color bloom. The lady was out of her league, and she knew it. 
She was probably used to college boys, flowers and candy.
"What's wrong, baby? You suddenly realize just how fucking hungry I am?" I leaned in close. "Or what I'm hungry for?" I grinned. 
"You don't bother me, Cole," she said defiantly. "I'm not a stranger to hard-ons."
I'll just bet. Her comment rubbed me the wrong way, though. She was full of sass, clearly not afraid to say what was on her mind, or worried about the consequences. The image of her with her pants down and my hand turning her little ass red with punishment caused my palms to itch. With a snarl I turned and continued walking toward the door, pushing the thought away.
"Ouch!" she cried out. "You're hurting me!"
"Get used to it." I didn't know what the fuck I was saying, and I released the pressure of the hand that I had wrapped around her arm. I'd never hurt a woman on purpose, and I blamed this incident on my reaction to her. It didn't make sense. 
She yanked her arm away from me. "I can walk on my own, Cole. In case it's slipped your notice, I'm not a child." She moved around me.
Oh, it hadn't slipped my notice, and she knew it. I watched her walking in front of me, swinging those curvy hips as if she were doing a strip tease. The woman knew she had it going on, and she knew my eyes would be on that round, sexy ass of hers. The jeans she was wearing were tight enough to show me that she wasn't wearing panties. A thong, maybe. Fuck. My dick had already grown half-hard when we'd tussled against the wall. Now it was bowed up against my zipper and wanting out.
I reached down to move it into a more comfortable position. This woman was going to be trouble, in more ways than one. I hadn't checked her out before we’d picked her up, mainly because I hadn't had the time. But once I got back to the clubhouse I was going to make it a priority to find out her story. I'd put Oz, our IT guy, on it.
The safety of the club and its members was my number one priority. 
No exceptions, no matter how pretty.
God help her if I found out that she was lying. 


****

Raven


What did you get me in to, Mom? I should have just disappeared like I'd wanted to, and still might. I couldn't stay with the Desert Rebels forever. They would expect me to leave at some point. We'd decided that six months would be a good number, but really, if there was anyone coming for me they weren't just going to give up. People didn't commit murder in front of witnesses and let them go, hoping they wouldn't say anything.
There was still a possibility that I hadn’t been seen, but that was a big unknown. The murder had taken place in a semi-dark alley, and I didn’t know how much light the one street light that had been behind me had given off. I’d been able to make out the three men and the victim, but how much had they seen of me? There was always the hope that they'd only been able to make out my silhouette. Mom and I hadn't wanted to take that chance, though. Her thought was that if no one came around asking about me that it was a good sign they hadn’t found out who I was. 
I hoped she was right.
"You're quiet. Everything okay?"
I glanced over at Sax and smiled. "Just enjoying my lunch."
He grinned. "Cole give you a hard time?"
Cole had left the table to use the bathroom. "Kind of," I admitted. "He's, um, intense."
Sax nodded. "Yeah, it's his job, honey. He takes it seriously." He sat back in the booth and draped his arm across the top of the seat. "So, what do you do when you're not running away from an ex?"
I pushed my plate aside, relaxed. Sax was a lot easier to talk to than Cole. He was handsome, too. Tall and lean like an athletic, but with enough definition in his muscles to reveal his strength. There was some red in his shaggy blonde hair, which was long enough that he'd pulled it back with a tie. His brown eyes seemed friendly, but I hadn’t forgotten how scary intense they'd been when he'd turned them on the other MC that had tried to block us on the road. 
"I worked at a club."
"Strip club?" He looked too interested, excitement gleaming in his eyes.
I laughed. “Hardly! Do I look like a stripper?"
His brows rose high on his forehead, his expression one of disbelief that I'd even asked. "Honey, you'd definitely rake in the cash. So, what did you do?"
"It was a gentlemen's club and I was the entertainment." I felt myself blush. "And I didn't take my clothes off."
Cole chose that moment to return to our booth. He slid in next to me. "Entertainment?"
"She was the entertainment at a gentlemen's club," Sax explained.
Cole turned slightly, pinning his eyes on me, and I knew exactly where his mind had gone. The way his gaze raked over me, as if he could see right through my clothes, caused a spark to unfold deep inside my core. I blushed even more. His knowing smirk revealed that he thought he knew what I’d meant by “entertainment,” and my mischievous nature urged me to let him go on believing it.
"Don't get your hopes up, brother, not as a stripper," Sax continued with a snort.
"There are lots of ways of entertaining men," I said boldly. Cole's eyes lingered on my breasts. I was mortified when my nipples hardened against the knit, but refused to cover them up with my arms. It could easily be blamed on the fan whirling overhead.
"I only know of one other," he said in that deep baritone, his eyes swimming with humor. "That matters."
Well, I guess we all knew what that was. I remained silent and reached for my coke to finish it.
"What took you so long, brother?"
He’d been gone a long time for someone who’d made a point of announcing that he needed to take a piss.
There was a minute of silence, and a knowing look passed between the two men. "Getting my dick wet," Cole said after a while. "Our cute little waitress said she was willing to work off the tip."
Sax grinned and shook his head. "Only you, brother."
Cole shrugged.
Getting his dick wet? Ohmygod! Was he kidding? I couldn't help but look Cole over for evidence that proved that he'd just had sex in the bathroom. His hair didn't appear anymore mussed up then it had been earlier. His complexion wasn't flushed, his lips weren't swollen. His eyes weren't glazed over with that orgasmic fog that usually indicated that someone had just had sex. Nope. I wasn't buying it. Unless…unless the waitress had done all the work and given him a blowjob. Men like him probably grabbed sex whenever and wherever they could, especially if a woman made herself available. 
For some reason I didn't like the thought of him and our waitress doing the dirty in the bathroom, but it was none of my business, and I wasn't in any position to say anything. We were strangers, and though I felt that there was a slight attraction there, that's all it was. People were attracted to each other all the time and didn't do anything about it. 
"Let's hit the road. Want to be back before dark." Cole tossed some money down on the table and scooted out of the booth.
I followed, noticing the look our waitress tossed our way. It was obvious that her smile was meant solely for Cole, but he barely spared her a glance. She looked hungry and disappointed that we were leaving. Was she hoping for a repeat? I suddenly felt sorry for her. Cole probably left broken hearts wherever he went.
We made our way outside to a dark and gloomy sky. The wind had picked up, but it was a warm breeze. A lightning bolt in the distance caught my eye.
"Fuck, brother, looks like rain," Sax said as we walked to where their bikes were.
"Shit don't melt," Cole grinned.
Sax gave him the finger, mounting his bike. Cole reached for my helmet and turned back to me and slipped it on.
"So what kind of entertainment did you provide to the men in your club?" he asked, pulling the strap tight beneath my chin. 
We were so close I could feel his breath against my face. I smiled. "Not what you were doing with that waitress back in the bathroom." Our eyes met and held. "I needed my tips."
His grin widened. "You going to tell me?"
"Nope. That will be my little secret." 
His eyes darkened and his expression turned serious. "Why do I get the feeling that that's not your only secret?"
I held my breath for a few seconds. He was testing me, watching me closely for any signs that he might be right. I hated lying, and something told me that if Cole found out the truth about why I had sought protection from his club, it would turn out badly for me. He didn't look like the kind of man who would show mercy. He could potentially be more lethal than the men who were probably looking for me. Was I putting his MC in danger? Maybe, but how would those killers ever find me there? 
Mom and I had decided not to tell my siblings where I was, so she was the only one who knew where I was going. She felt that the less people who knew, the better. Plus it would make it easier to keep our stories straight. She'd called my work to tell them I’d quit and had left town. I hated giving up that gig. I'd worked there for two years, and they'd been good to me.
It was difficult, but I managed not to look away from the piercing look in Cole's searching eyes. It was intimidating as hell. Finally he released a heavy breath and got on his bike. Once I was on and had my arms wrapped around his waist, we took off.
The rain started coming down about a half hour into our ride. I thought that we would stop somewhere until it blew over, but Sax and Cole didn't even slow down. Within minutes we were all soaked. I ducked behind Cole's shoulders to avoid the wind, shivering. In spite of being wet, I could feel his body heat and wanted nothing more than to crawl up under the leather of his cut. Eventually the rain started coming down so hard that nothing could protect me from the pelting rain and wind, not even Cole’s wide shoulders. 
Still, we continued on, reaching the clubhouse at twilight.
Chapter 4


Cole


We'd long ago left the storm behind us, but we were still damp and covered in road sludge by the time we reached the clubhouse. The rain had slowed us down some, so it was dark when we pulled up to the gate. Loco waved us through to the parking lot, which was jam packed with bikes and vehicles. Nothing new for a Saturday night. The whole clubhouse was fucking lit up--music was booming, the smell of cigarettes and weed heavy in the air. Sax and I pulled our bikes into open spots and shut them down. 
"Sounds like a welcome home party," Raven said from behind me as she removed her helmet. 
"Not likely," I grumbled. "We party every Saturday night, sometimes Friday, too." I offered my hand to assist her off the bike. 
"Whoa!" she laughed, unsteady on her feet. She clutched my arm to steady herself.
"It takes some getting used to."
"How long have you been riding?"
"Since I could practically walk. I grew up in the MC." I brought my leg over the seat and got off.
"I'm going to head in, clean up, and look for my old lady," Sax told us, already heading away from us. 
He was in a hurry to get to Holly. The man was head over heels in love with the girl. When he opened the door to the clubhouse I got a good look at the usual chaos taking place inside--the strippers, the naked women walking around, the dancing, and public sex. Raven was in for a shock when she walked through those doors. I wondered how innocent she was.
"How old are you?" 
She looked at me with surprise. "Old enough not to be too shocked at what I just saw when your friend opened that door."
So, she'd been looking, too. 
"I've been to some pretty rowdy bars, Cole. I doubt I'll be corrupted by what's going on in there."
"Is the club you worked at one of those rowdy bars?"
"No. It was a decent place. They were good to me. I enjoyed working there."
"And entertaining men." It bothered me more than I was willing to admit that she wouldn't tell me what she’d done there. 
"That was my favorite part," she said in a sassy tone. 
"Well, I can guarantee that what's going on in there is ten times worse than any rowdy bars you've been to. You remember what I told you earlier about listening?" 
She nodded with a resigned sigh. 
"Most of those men are going to be on you before you can get out your name. Fuck, they could care less about your name. You don't belong to anyone, and unless Demon told them what's going on, they'll think you're new pussy." I watched as her eyebrows rose in response to my crass words. "They'll take any encouragement from you as a sign."
"As a sign?"
"That you’re down for sex. And they won't ask nicely, either. They're used to taking what they want. Unclaimed women are up for grabs."
"For sex," she reiterated. 
I nodded. 
"Then wouldn't you say the smart thing for me to do is find someone to claim me to protect me from the vultures?"
I hadn’t expected that, and I wasn't sure I liked it, but her idea had merit. I immediately began racking my brain for potential candidates. Fisher was the first one who came to mind, but he was a prospect, so that wouldn't work. 
"You're thinking of someone now, aren't you?" she said smugly. I didn't like that she'd guessed my intentions, or that she thought she knew me. "Well, let me save you the trouble. If I let a man claim me he'll be someone I like, not someone who’s just doing his duty."
I snorted. "It's not your decision to make. My job is to keep the peace with my brothers."
"So you're saying that you’re the boss of me?"
I grinned. "That has a good ring to it."
She huffed and crossed her arms. "I think this has gone on long enough. It was a stupid suggestion, and I'm not about to let you, or any man, treat me like a mindless idiot. I'm not here to meet anyone, or be claimed, which I happen to think is barbaric. I'm here for protection—" She halted abruptly, as if afraid that she'd already said too much.
"’Protection?’" I could see by her expression that she regretted that particular choice of words. She actually looked worried. "What do you need protection from?"
A nervous laugh escaped her. "Wrong word." She recovered her composure. "Are we going inside or not? I'd like to get a shower and get out of these damp clothes."
I wanted to argue with her, demand that she tell me what the fuck was really going on, but decided to save that fight for another time. Instead I let it slide and turned to retrieve her duffle bag from my saddle bag. A hot shower and a change of clothes sounded like a good idea to me. I wondered what her reaction would be if I suggested that we save water and shower together.
As if I gave a fuck about conserving water.
"Let's go."
As soon as I opened the door to the club, I braced myself for trouble. It wasn't just Desert Rebels partying inside, but also members from other clubs and civilians from the local area. The place was fucking packed, as usual, and jumping with activity. Something prompted me to reach for Raven's hand as I led her through the crowd, knowing that it might keep my brothers----and anyone else--from hitting on her. They looked though, the excitement in their drunken eyes revealing just how her presence affected them.
They were always up for fresh, new pussy.
"Where are you taking me?" she shouted over the noise.
"To my room!" I shouted back. If this bothered her, she didn't say. Until I figured out what to do with her, I felt that she would be safest in my room. Once I’d dropped her off I would seek out Demon and find out what arrangements he'd made for her. My job was done, and the sooner I put distance between me and Raven, the better. 
One thing I knew for sure was that the blowjob that I'd gotten back at the restaurant hadn't done anything to diminish my hard-on for Raven, or my desire to get her beneath me, but I couldn't afford to get involved with a woman like her. I didn't want to. I liked my life uncomplicated, and she was the kind of innocence that could grab a man by the balls and never let go.
Fuck, that wasn't for me. 
I exchanged a few chin nods with brothers I met along the way to my room, clenching my jaw at their leering wolf-grins that were directed toward Raven. A couple of them even grabbed their dicks through their pants and made a vulgar movement with it. I didn't like it, but I couldn't blame them. Her clothes were damp and clinging to her body, revealing her killer curves, and when I glanced back at her, I noticed that her nipples were poking through the knit like little crown jewels.
Fuck.
I couldn't get to my room fast enough. Thank fuck it was the first one at the top of the stairs. I pushed the door open and dragged her inside, slamming the door closed behind her. Tossing her bag on my un-made bed, I nodded toward the door on the opposite wall. "Bathroom's through there."
She was looking around my room, her expression revealing exactly what she was thinking—that I was a typical bachelor. Clothes everywhere, bed rumpled and showing a few stains. I smirked, knowing what those stains were. There were beer bottles on the dirty floor next to the over-filled trash can, and shit, a couple of used condoms on top. My window didn't have a curtain, and the glass looked like it hadn't been washed, ever. Every surface of the furniture I had was cluttered and dusty.
Too fucking bad if she didn't like it.
"The bathroom isn't any better," I smirked, drawing her eyes to mine. I wasn't going to apologize for the way that I lived. The club sluts were there for sex, but on occasion they were expected to cook and clean for the brothers, too. They tended to skip cleaning a brother's room if they knew he didn't give a fuck.
She snorted. "I would have been disappointed if it were." 
I released a deep breath, eager to get out of there. "Look, I've got something to do. Get your shower. I'll be back later."
 I left my room and headed out to find Demon. 


****


Raven


Cole hadn't been exaggerating. His bathroom was a disaster. Towels everywhere, even on the floor. A pile of dirty clothes had been kicked into a corner next to a dirty sink. The top of the sink was crowded with men’s things--razors, shaving cream, cologne, toothbrush and paste. The shower was dirty. There was a bottle of shampoo and body wash, and a body puff that looked surprisingly clean. The thought of Cole using a body puff brought a smile to my face. He looked to be more of the sandpaper type.
 I looked around for the cleanest towel I could find before I removed my clothes and stepped into the shower, closing the frosted door. I turned on the water and adjusted it before moving beneath it and releasing a sigh. The heat felt great against my chilled skin, and I took a few minutes to let it sink in, contemplating the scene I'd walked into when we’d first arrived at the clubhouse. Cole had been right--walking into a party at a biker's clubhouse wasn't even close to what I’d thought was rowdy.
I'd been expecting to see partial nudity, but some of the women had been completely naked as they’d walked around serving drinks, some of them dancing on the bar in suggestive movements that caused me to blush. A couple had been grinding on a stripper's pole. And the sex! Right out in the open for anyone to watch, not even trying to hide what they'd been doing. I wasn't a prude, but seeing a woman giving one man a blowjob while another screwed her from behind had been shocking and somewhat alarming.
I knew I was going to be put to work while I stayed there, but if they thought I was going to become one of their sex toys, I would be leaving pronto. I liked sex--in fact, I loved it--and I might have even been okay with doing it in public if done subtly and with someone I wanted. But random screwing was not for me. 
Cole's shampoo and body wash wasn't unpleasant, and clean was clean, so I couldn't complain. I was finishing up rinsing the suds down my body when I heard someone call out from inside the bedroom. At first I thought I’d imaged it, until I heard the call again. It sounded as if someone were moving close to the bathroom door, so I quickly shut off the water and grabbed for the towel that I'd hung over the top of the shower door before I’d gone in.
"Cole?"
I quickly brought the towel around me and was just opening the shower door when the bathroom door opened and a woman appeared in the threshold. 
"Baby, I heard you were back—" 
We both stopped in surprise, but hers disappeared faster than mine, and was quickly replaced with ugly suspicion. "Oh! I thought Cole was in here."
"Nope. Just little old me," I said cheerily. Lord, I hoped she wasn't his girlfriend. She didn't look very happy to have found me in his shower.
She was dressed like a hooker, revealing more skin than was covered in a little red dress covered with sequins, showing off her slim figure and big breasts. I had to wonder how she walked in the super high stilettos she was wearing. Her platinum hair, which looked surprisingly natural, was piled high on her head. She was beautiful, in spite of the thick makeup that she had caked on.
"If you're wondering why I'm here, I can explain."
The woman crossed her arms and leaned against the doorjamb, the sneer on her face doing much to diminish her prettiness. "Yeah, explain why you're naked and in my man's bathroom, bitch."
So they were together. That news disappointed me, and I didn't like being called a bitch. I wasn't a bitch, but I could be. Her snooty attitude and the angry narrow of her brown eyes as she looked me over as if I were something that the cat had dragged in put me in instant defense mode. I didn't care who she was. She should learn to get the full story before getting all high and mighty and jumping to conclusions. Still, I realized that I may have reacted in much the same way if the situation were reversed. I brought my long hair forward and began ringing the extra water out of it.
"I was just borrowing his shower." I smiled. "We just got back—"
One thinly plucked brow arched high. "You the bitch he went to pick up?"
I pressed my lips. "My name is Raven, and yes, I'm the woman he just picked up."
She snorted. "Well, my name is Tamara, and Cole is mine. So get dressed and get out."
"You know, you're a really beautiful woman…until you open your mouth," I said, aware that I was probably making the situation worse. I was a firm believer that you treated people the way you wanted to be treated, but she wasn't getting the message. 
As soon as she registered my backhanded compliment, her jaw dropped. "Why you—"
"Bitch?" I offered, laughing softly. 
Tamara’s face turned red, she pressed her lips until they were white, and she took a threatening step into the bathroom. 
"You should really expand your limited vocabulary." I watched as her long nails curled into her palms.
She sputtered for a minute. "You ugly, fat cow! Get dressed and get out before I throw you out! Cole is mine—"
I rolled my eyes.
"What the fuck is going on?" Cole suddenly appeared in the doorway, an ugly scowl on his face. He narrowed his eyes on Tamara, clearly expecting an explanation. 
Her expression softening instantly, Tamara did a complete 360 and cozied up to Cole like a purring cat. "Cole, baby, I heard you were back, and I came in here expecting to find you. I was just surprised to find her here instead."
Her sugary smile was meant to placate him, and I wondered if he was simple enough to fall for it. I'd be disappointed if he was, but then, it wasn't my concern. I crossed my arms beneath my breasts, forgetting that I was in nothing but a towel, until Cole’s eyes fell on me. Instant heat surged through my blood when I recognized the lust filling his eyes. I smiled through my arousal, praying that he didn't see through it. The way he was looking me up and down revealed that he didn't agree with his girlfriend's description of me.
"You're not in any position to be surprised over finding any woman in my room," he told her in an arrogant tone, brushing her roaming hands away from him impatiently. "I'll see you out at the bar."
It was a clear dismissal. Tamara's expression fell, and I could tell that she wanted to say something in response. The fact that she didn't made me question the true nature of their relationship. She was plainly staking her claim on Cole, but he appeared to be more annoyed than happy to see her.
"Will you be coming to me again tonight?"
He turned his head and glared down at her long enough for her to receive his silent answer. With a huff she turned and left, slamming the outside door loudly.
"Your girlfriend's not happy." I smiled when he turned back to me.
"She's not my girlfriend. I don't do that shit."
"She seems to think that she is."
"That's the problem with some women. Fuck them and they think they own you."
I laughed. "Nice, Cole. You'll never find that special someone with that attitude."
"I'm not looking."
Oh, but he was--looking at me. that is--as if he wanted to devour me in a hundred different ways. I was growing self-conscious standing before him in nothing but a towel, my hair still dripping. "Do you think I can get dressed now?" 
His grin was as predatory as they came. Instead of moving out of my way, he turned sideways and held his hand out for me to go past him. It would be a tight fit, but I was up to the challenge, because that's what I sensed this was. Cole was playing with me. Making me uncomfortable on purpose. 
As soon as I was within striking distance he pounced, moving so fast that I didn't have time to prepare. Gasping, I found myself crowded against the small space next to the sink, Cole’s hands flat on the wall and his powerful arms caging me in. A nervous laugh escaped me as I met the humor in his eyes.
"You going to tell me how you entertained the men where you worked?"
That I hadn't been expecting. My smile grew wider. He would be disappointed if he knew, and I was enjoying this little game between us. It made me feel in control. "Nope." I knew he had the means to find out if he really wanted to know. 
He moved in closer, his eyes dropping to where the towel was cinched at my breasts. I swallowed, engulfed in a sexual heat that left my sex wet and buzzing, and my pulse racing with anticipation. 
And then it was no longer a game. I felt the change in Cole before he moved. His expression turned hard, and he stepped away as if I were on fire and he didn't want to get burned. I inhaled deeply, disappointed and relieved at the same time. I would have let him kiss me if that had been his intention. I needed something to calm the hunger in my blood. But after his abrupt change of heart?
I wasn't sure what I wanted from him. 
Chapter 5


Cole


She was too fucking tempting, and I had to remind myself that she was just a job--the hands-off kind of job that would keep shit uncomplicated. I had a feeling that if I put my hands on her, it would be enough to make me lose control and then keep going back for more. I thought about Raven’s suggestion for someone in the club to claim her in order to protect her from the hungry brothers.  Even though she had said it in jest, I was beginning to warm up to the idea.
I hadn't been able to talk to Demon yet, as he'd decided to make a trip to Crystal's Palace, a legal brothel just outside of Vegas. I guessed that there must have been some kind of special pussy there for him to miss a party at the clubhouse. He was a man-whore, but I had a gut feeling there was a girl at Crystal’s Palace that had him by the balls. 
I threw back my shot of tequila and practically slammed the glass down onto the bar in front of me. Rugar poured me another one without being asked. I looked up into the mirror behind the bar, taking note of all the activity behind me that was reflected in the glass. Sax had found Holly. They were sitting at a table against the wall, their hands all over each other. They'd been together for a few years now, and it amazed me that they were still into each other. I knew that I'd never have that. My relationships didn't go beyond a night of fucking.
"Baby." 
I'd seen Tamara approaching me from the side, but I hadn't acknowledged her.
Her possessive behavior in my bedroom told me that we needed to talk. I needed to remind her of a few things, and I hadn't wanted to embarrass her in front of Raven. Not that I owed her anything, but I didn't like being unnecessarily cruel to a woman that I'd been fucking. Fucking her had been my mistake. Lately I'd made her my main fuck, and had compounded the slip-up by going to her place, something I never did. It was better to keep things to the clubhouse.
It didn't take much to make a woman like her feel like she was special, that what we were doing was heading towards something more permanent. She ran her hand along the back of my neck and threaded her fingers through the back of my hair. I didn't resist when she leaned in and began to run her mouth along the side of my neck, but when I saw her subtle, victorious smile, I leaned away from her, breaking contact.
Her expression revealed her surprise at my rejection. "What's wrong? You've never pulled away from my touch before."
"What's wrong is you're forgetting your place." Her mouth opened to speak, but I held up my hand to stop her. "You're getting possessive, and that's not going to work for me." 
"I've been your main girl for the last two months," she pointed out with an angry glitter in her eyes. "A new bitch comes into the clubhouse—"
"You were convenient," I snapped, shutting her up. 
She pressed her lips firmly together, a gesture that I suspected was done to prevent herself from saying something that she would later regret. I downed my drink. 
"Fine," she said after a moment. "I'll remember my place." 
"Then there won't be any problems." 
After a tense minute she smiled and walked away, leaving behind a cloud of strong perfume that didn't mix well with the smell of weed that lingered in the air. 
"She's persistent." LD took up the seat on the other side of me. 
"She's no different than any of the other bitches looking to become old ladies," I smirked.
"Saw you walking through earlier with new pussy." He caught Rugar's eye. "Beer, brother!" Rugar gave him a chin lift and LD relaxed back on his stool and turned back to me. "Has some fucking hot curves on her."
I grinned. "Did Demon say anything about her before taking off for Crystal's Palace?"
"Just that you were bringing in some girl who was having trouble with her ex. So we're fucking babysitters now?"
I shook my head. "It’s not like that. We're doing Moody a favor. She's going to work while she's here." 
His brows shot up with interest. "I'll be the first to tap that ass."
Like hell, I thought. If anyone was going to have a go at her, I would be the first. The thought of sliding into her wet heat caused my dick to jerk, and I had to remind myself that she was off-limits. "She won’t be working on her back, brother. She's going to be cleaning and working behind the bar." 
LD’s mouth twisted down with disappointment as he reached for the beer Rugar set down in front of him. "Figures."
Did he really care? I sometimes felt that LD was just going through the motions of life because he felt like it was expected. He had lethal skills with a knife, his preferred method of killing; he could be counted on in a fight; he was trustworthy, and he embraced the MC's way of life. However, I rarely saw him drag a club whore with him to his room. It could have been that he was interested in someone outside of the club, a civilian, maybe. Hell, I didn't know. I knew that he’d had a wife and kid once. Both had been killed before LD had become a member of Desert Rebels.
 I felt my phone go off and reached for it. Demon's name came up on the screen. I snorted. "Must be in between women," I joked, getting to my feet to head outside to where it was quieter. "Yeah, what's up?"
"Won't be back tonight." That didn't surprise me. Some of the most beautiful and talented women on the planet worked at Crystal's Palace. "Tried Tooly, but he didn't answer. Have you seen him?" 
Tooly was the VP. "Yeah, he's inside partying. Must not have heard his phone."
"Or he had the fucking thing turned off," Demon grumbled. 
That was a problem with Tooly when he was partying, drinking, and smoking weed. Other than his lack of duty to the club on Saturday nights, he was a good vice president. He was one of the oldest members of Desert Rebels at fifty-two.
"You got the package?"
"Yep. She's in my room now. Where do you want me to put her?"
"Look, I can't wrap my mind around that now while I got a beautiful woman sucking my dick," he laughed. "Just wanted to let you brothers know I'll be home tomorrow."
"Okay, I'll let Tooly know." I laughed, hearing his groan right before he disconnected.
Back inside, Tooly wasn't hard to find. He was sitting in a corner booth with Lulu, a club bitch, straddling his lap. Her grinding revealed that she was fucking him right there, and he was sucking on her naked tits. I didn't let that stop me from walking to his table to give him Demon's message. When I got there Lulu looked up, giving me a big smile while running her tongue along her top lip.
"Phone off?" I inquired.
"Maybe," he smirked around the nipple in his mouth.
"Demon won't be back until morning."
I didn't expect a response, and I turned to go back to the bar, noticing that the place was getting louder and rowdier. As the evening went on, it always did. I'd be surprised if a fight didn't break out soon. By morning the room would be trashed, and there'd be a slew of sleeping, drunken brothers and women all over the place. It would stink to high heaven with stale alcohol, smoke, and vomit.
And of course, sex.
I was halfway to the bar when something drew my gaze to the entranceway to the stairs that led up to the members' rooms. Raven had entered the room cautiously judging from her hesitant steps and the way that her eyes were bouncing all over the room as she took in what was going on around her. Her expression remained neutral, and that alone caused me to grin. 
I let my gaze run down the sexy length of her. She was wearing a bright yellow knit top, similar to the style she'd had on earlier, a nice contrast to her dark skin. Tight jeans followed the shape of her curvy hips and thighs. I couldn't wait to see what her ass looked like in them. Her midnight hair was dry and shiny now, a cloud of thick silkiness surrounding her face and shoulders. 
Fuck, I wanted to bury my hands in it, to pull her against me and do all kinds of filthy things to her. I took a second to scan the room, not missing the interest she was getting. Having her there was going to cause problems with the single brothers. Except for the old ladies, the only other women at the clubhouse were there for the brothers to use when they needed relief. Hopefully Demon had set them straight about Raven at church that morning.
I pivoted in her direction, catching the evil glare in Tamara's eyes as I walked past where she was sitting on Gage's lap. Her look was directed at Raven. I made a mental note to keep an eye on her because women--particularly jealous ones--were crazy and unpredictable. Tamara had only been a club whore for a short time, but long enough to realize that sleeping with all the members was not going to get her old lady status. She just couldn’t seem to accept that.
When Tamara noticed me she swung around and planted her lips on Gabe's. I snorted, knowing that she was trying to make me jealous. It wouldn't work. I continued to Raven. "What are you doing out here?" I growled, loud enough for her to hear.
She gave a startled look. "I like to party, too. Why should I stay locked up in a room somewhere like a naughty child?"
"You weren't locked up," I stated. I should have locked her in, though, now that she’d mentioned it, and would remember that next time. It would be for her benefit, at least until she'd been there long enough for everyone to know the score.
"That's why I thought it was okay to come out," she countered with sass, and had the gall to back it up with a wink.
I took her by the hand. "Come on." I brought her to the kitchen. "You hungry?" It had been hours since we'd stopped at that restaurant.
"God, yes!" she rushed out, following me to the refrigerator after I released her hand.
I pulled the door open and peered inside. "Let's see what there is," I murmured, more to myself than to her. I found some take-out containers inside. I pulled a few out and set them on the counter. "We have left-over Chinese." I opened the second container and frowned. "Have no idea what this is.” The third container contained a half-eaten hamburger and some limp fries.
Raven scrunched up her pretty nose. "I don't really want to eat someone's left-overs, Cole."
"Not good enough for you?"
"No, that's not it. What if whoever owns this food gets hungry later and finds their food gone?"
I snorted. "We do this all the time. It's an unwritten rule--you leave it in the fridge, it becomes club property."
She laughed with disbelief. "Well, I'm not that hungry." Her growling belly betrayed that she was lying. 
"Afraid of germs?" I joked, picking up a fry and taking a bite.
She actually wrinkled up her nose. "Is that a crime?"
"You're in the wrong place if you're afraid of germs," I smirked, grinning like a wolf. "There are all kinds of bodily fluids in this place, some of which you'll be cleaning up. Trust me, eating after someone should be the least of your worries."
"Stop trying to gross me out. I have brothers."
I put the containers back into the fridge. "How about eggs?" Her eyes lit up when I pulled out the carton and handed it to her. As she took the eggs from me, a loud ruckus from the other room revealed that a fight was breaking out. "Look, make us something to eat. I'll be right back."
I picked up speed when I heard the sound of tables being overturned.  


****


Raven


I watched Cole walk away. I’d offered to make us something to eat? I guess I at least owed him that for picking me up and bringing me to the clubhouse, and he had paid for my lunch. I opened up the carton and frowned at the two little eggs inside. I doubted they were going to satisfy a man as big as Cole, so I opened the fridge and surveyed the contents. I grabbed the milk, found some cheese, a piece of onion in a baggie, butter, and some questionable lunch meat that turned out to be pre-packaged ham. I sniffed it to make sure that it wasn't spoiled.
There was half a loaf of bread next to a dirty, four-slice toaster, so it looked like we were going to have breakfast sandwiches for dinner. I doubted a sandwich was going to fill Cole up, but it was better than nothing. I quickly set to work, wincing now and then in response to the ruckus coming from the bar, which, combined with the loud rock booming through the building, made the noise level uncomfortable. I popped the bread into the toaster and found a fry pan in the drawer beneath the oven. I was looking for a bowl when the sound of a voice echoing through the kitchen nearly made me jump out of my skin.
"Hello." I jumped and spun around to see a pretty, brown-eyed woman standing in the doorway with a welcoming smile on her face. "I don't do well when they start fighting," she admitted, scrunching up her nose. "My name is Holly. I'm with Sax." 
I gauged her to be around twenty-five and slightly taller than my five-foot-three inches, although the heeled boots that she was wearing caused her to tower over me. She was big-breasted like me, and her tiny waist and the curve of her hips in her spandex dress were outlined, giving her a mermaid shape. Her chocolate hair was pulled up into a messy bun.
"Nice to meet you. I'm Raven. I'm not with anyone." We both laughed. "I'm looking for a bowl." Holly went to a cupboard that I hadn't gotten to yet and pulled one down. "Thanks."
"How long do you think you'll be here?" 
"Oh! Are you going to turn all bitchy on me, too?” I half-joked, worried that I would get the same reception from Holly that I’d received from Tamara. I broke the two eggs into the bowl.
"What? No!" she quickly assured me. "Oh, let me guess--one of the club sluts has already greeted you." 
I giggled in response, whipping the eggs. 
"Those bitches are mean. They know they're only here to relieve the men, but they get it in their heads that they'll become old ladies, and they can be very territorial."
"That was obvious," I smiled, adding the onion and cheese to the eggs. "I met Cole's, ah, girlfriend."
"Cole's girlfriend?" I could see the bewilderment on Holly's face. She clicked her tongue. "Oh, you must mean Tamara. And, honey, they are not girlfriends, so don't let them try and scare you away. They belong to all the members of the MC. Tamara's got her sights on Cole because he singles her out. That's his mistake."
I wondered if perhaps there were something more between Cole and Tamara than Holly knew, since Cole had singled her out. That would certainly explain Tamara's possessiveness toward him, and her not-so-subtle warning for me to stay away from him. I flipped the ham. "Maybe there is something between them."
Holly snorted. "Trust me, if there is it’s only in Tamara's little mind. Cole is the last man interested in having an old lady. He likes his freedom too much, and I'm surprised he's singled her out at all, actually. He's probably just grown lazy, and she just happens to be the one who's always available when he's in the mood."
"Sounds a little convenient to me." The toast popped up and I placed them onto the napkins I'd found.
Holly laughed. "You learn fast," she responded in a pleased tone. "They're so obvious when they do that, and I'm sure Cole knows what she's doing."
I wondered. Men often thought with their cocks, and a determined woman knew how to work things to her favor. Tamara looked very determined, but that was Cole's problem, not mine. 
 I took the ham out of the skillet and placed it onto the toast, and then poured the egg mixture into the same pan. "How long have you and Sax been together?"
She exhaled loudly. "A few years. He rescued me once, but before that he used to come into the restaurant that I worked at."
"Rescued you?" I gave her a surprised look as I scrambled my eggs. "That sounds kind of scary."
She nodded. "When it happened it was absolutely frightening! I'd been drugged and kidnapped and was being held in a brothel."
"I don't know if being associated with an MC is going to be safe for my health," I murmured, turning off the burner.
Holly’s laughter echoed throughout the kitchen. "That happened before I became involved with them. If it hadn't been for Moody and the Desert Rebels, I wouldn't be here."
I scooped the scrambled eggs onto the ham and then covered them with another piece of toast. "Moody was the one my mother called to help us."
"Yeah. He's a good man, and my best friend's husband. They're about to have their fourth baby. The first time around they had triplets."
I raised my brows, laughing. "And they wanted more? Sounds like they have their hands full." 
Holly nodded in agreement. 
"Do you and Sax have kids?" 
Her carefree smile disappeared, and I knew instantly that I'd made a misstep. "I'm sorry, you don't have to answer that."
"No, it's okay, everyone here knows. We don't have kids. He doesn't want them. I've convinced myself that I'm okay with that."
I gave her a sympathetic smile and remained quiet. I got the impression that she was lying to herself. If she was as okay as she said she was, then why was there such sadness in her eyes? "Will I be meeting any other old ladies?"
"Eventually. There are four of us--me; Annie, she's with Colton; JoJo is with Oz; and Ellie is with Reid. The club whores you'll meet besides Tamara are Lulu, Cherry, and Mitzi. You'll be able to easily differentiate them from the old ladies."
"From the way they dress?"
"Their lack of clothes," Holly confirmed. "That bothered me in the beginning."
I could totally understand that. I didn't have anything against nudity, but to be involved with a man who was around it constantly must be difficult. Of course, if you trusted your man, you had nothing to worry about. 
"Something smells good!" 
Cole and Sax sauntered into the kitchen, looking a little worse for wear. It was obvious that they'd been involved in the fight that I’d heard. "I hope one of those is for me," Cole grinned, eyeing a sandwich. 
"I managed to make two eggs stretch," I said with a wry twist of my lips." 
He snatched one up and took a huge bite out of it, and then winced and rubbed his jaw. 
"Well, we'll let you two enjoy your sandwiches." Sax had already wrapped his arm over Holly's shoulders and was turning her with him. "My woman needs to tend to the booboos I got breaking up the fight between Gage and some fucking civilian."
"You got hurt, baby?" she cooed as they walked toward the door.
I didn't hear Sax's response. Cole had already downed half his sandwich. I grabbed mine and took a bite, moaning with satisfaction. I was so hungry, and in that moment my egg and ham sandwich was as satisfying as a juicy hamburger. I met the amusement in Cole's eyes as I chewed, noticing for the first time that he had a bruise developing on his strong jaw. 
"That was good," he said, wiping his mouth with the napkin.
"How do you know? You practically swallowed it whole."
He shrugged. "No need to let it get cold." He pulled his phone out and hit a number, pinning his gaze on me. Leaning against the counter, I continued to eat my sandwich, pretending that his eyes on me didn't make me feel nervous. 
"Hey, brother, where are you?"
I couldn't take my eyes off of his sexy mouth as he formed the words.
"Shit, sorry, I didn't know."
His smirk caused my eyes to dart up to his. Shit! He'd caught me staring at his lips.
"Yeah, got something for you to do when you come in tomorrow."
Something about his tone raised an alarm in me, and I tried to fend it off by taking the last bite of my sandwich and feigning indifference.
"I need you to look into someone for me, find out as much as you can about her."
I froze. He didn't have to say my name--his look told me that he was talking about me. I swallowed, praying that I didn't choke. Instinct warned me that this little scene had been done for my benefit, to make it clear that he didn't believe my story.
"Yeah, I think it's necessary. Something isn't sitting right with me."
I tugged my bottom lip into my mouth, drawing Cole's interest there. 
I could be in trouble.
No. I knew I was. 
Chapter 6


Cole


I watched Raven carefully for her reaction as I spoke to Oz. He was a whiz on the computer, and in charge of our surveillance. The brother had an uncanny knack for finding out shit that no one else could. He could hack into any account or security system that we needed and do a shit ton of damage. 
The subtle changes that I noted in Raven as she listened to me speak were enough to convince me that she was hiding something. Tugging that sexy bottom lip between her teeth was a clear sign that she was worried. I hadn’t missed the way that she’d swallowed hard, or the glimmer of concern in her pretty eyes. It all contributed to an unconscious reaction that she couldn't control. The clincher was when she shifted her gaze away and refused to meet my eyes.
"You got anything you want to say?" I asked her after I hung up.
"About what?"
"About what's really going on?" I purposely kept my tone hard and intimidating.
She shrugged. "You know why I'm here."
I crossed my arms and took a menacing stance. "It will go a lot easier on you if you tell me the truth. Can't say you'll like the consequences if I find out on my own."
She huffed. "There's nothing to say, Cole."
"I'm not convinced."
"If you're so distrusting, then why did your MC agree to help me?" she bit out in a defensive tone.
"You don't know much about MCs. We're more than just a bunch of bikers, or as civilians like to refer to us, outlaws. We're a brotherhood. We live by our own rules and a code that keeps us alive. Our goals are simple--we swear loyalty to our club; we trust our brothers; we ride free. When a brother needs help, we don't turn our backs. Moody owed your mother for helping his old lady out a few years back. Since his old lady's about to pop out a kid, he asked us to step in."
I leaned in close, causing Raven to shrink back with wide eyes, a big mistake on my part, since it allowed me to breathe in her warm, clean scent, and the fact that she'd used my soap. She smelled like me. It made me feel as if I'd already marked her. "I think you're hiding something. Your story is plausible, but fucking weak."
"And you're paranoid," she fired back, standing her ground. 
"I'm warning you right now, woman, you bring trouble here, and you won't like the consequences." 
She remained stubbornly silent, ramping up my frustration because my gut was never wrong. Fuck. I should have taken the time to check her out before bringing her to the clubhouse. Well, I'd said what I’d wanted to, and I’d made clear she wouldn't like the consequences if I found out she was lying to me. I'd let it rest for now.
"Hey, brother!" I turned to see Loco standing in the doorway. "We got Soulless Demons at the gate!"   
I frowned. We were friends with them. It wasn't unusual for them to make the trip from Pahrump to party with us on Saturday nights. The fact that they were waiting at the gate told me that they didn't intend to come inside. Something was up. 
"Did you tell Tooly?" 
He nodded. 
"Be right there." I turned my attention back to Raven. "I don't want you out in the bar alone. Either wait here or get your ass back to my room." I didn't wait for her response, taking it for granted that she would do what I said. I pivoted and left the room. 
I wondered what the fuck was going on with the Soulless Demons. The last time I’d spoken to any of them shit was good. As I made my way to the gate I could make out Chili, BC, and Hammer sitting on their bikes, waiting. The closer I got, the more I realized by their set expressions that this wasn't a social visit. I felt a presence next to me and looked over to see that Tooly had caught up to me.
"Got any idea why they look like they're ready to kill someone?" he inquired beneath his breath.
"Not a fucking clue." But Tooly was right. The three Demons looked like they were out for blood.
"What's up, brothers?" Tooly asked when we arrived at the gate. "You could have come inside. Had a drink."
"Don't have time for that," BC groused. "Riggs said Demon is out for the night."
Tooly nodded. "Pussy at Crystal's Palace."
I decided to cut to the chase. "Looks like you're on a mission," I stated, knowing the three Demons well. Their MC had two enforcers, and the fact that BC and Chili were both there reinforced my suspicions that they were on a serious job. 
"Cain turned up dead a couple of days ago," Hammer snarled. "Bullet to the head. Stripped of his colors." Fuck. Cain was their VP. "His body was delivered to our clubhouse in a fucking casket."
A hit. "Fuck, man. You have any idea who did it?" 
"Thought you brothers might have heard something on the street," BC said, crossing his arms. Their MC was an hour and a half away, but that didn't mean shit in our world.
"If we had, we would have let you know," Tooly assured them. "We didn't even know Cain was dead." 
That was the truth.
"Happened while he was in Bisbee—"
"Fuck, Bisbee, Arizona?" I snorted. "Just got back from there." When Hammer narrowed his eyes on me I added, "Had a package to pick up."
"Small world," Chili murmured. 
I didn't like the distrust I detected in his tone, but I couldn't say that I blamed him. "What the fuck was Cain doing so far away from home?"
"His old man died. Went there for the funeral. Christ!" BC shook his head with regret, "Wasn't even there a fucking day." 
I had to wonder why he'd made the fatal mistake of going alone. Why had the MC let him?
"What can we do to help?" Tooly inquired. 
"Keep your ears and eyes open," Chili responded gruffly. "We want the fuckers who offed him."
"This was a planned hit," BC added confidently. "Had to be. His old man was killed to lure Cain there."
"For fuck's sake, why did he go alone?" I had to grin at the disgusted snarl that had escaped Tooly.
Hammer shrugged. "You knew Cain. He was a wild card. Thought his mean reputation made him invincible. But he was a good man, and he was our acting VP for fifteen years. Not gonna let his murder go without retribution."
"Fuck, no," I agreed. "Wish I'd known when I was in Bisbee, would have done a little digging around." 
"Canter and some of the brothers are there now. We got word while we were finishing up a job down in Texas."
So they were on their way home. I guessed that their job had been a product run. It must have been an important haul for both enforcers to have been needed.
"Sure you don't want to come in for a little booze and pussy?"
All three men shook their heads at Tooly's suggestion. 
 BC started his bike. "Thanks, brother, but we need to get on the road and get home."
The other two followed suit. Tooly and I headed back toward the clubhouse.
"We'll let the others know about Cain during church in the morning in case they see or hear anything." 
"Good enough," I thought out loud. "Now I need to figure out what to do with the package I brought back from Arizona." I grinned, knowing what I'd like to do to her.
I wanted to unwrap her like a well-deserved present. 
Discover all her secrets, while making her scream my name. 


****


Raven


I'd slept like the dead, thanks to hours spent riding on a motorcycle, and the drink I'd allowed myself before bed the night before. My body protested when I moved, stiff from sleeping in the same position all night. I slowly rolled onto my back, moaning loudly as I tried to keep my eyes open. When I was finally able to, it took me a moment to realize that the room I was in was not my own bedroom. 
Slowly, everything came back to me. 
I was at the Desert Rebels’ clubhouse.
Cole's words to me the evening before had made me anxious and worried that I should leave. He had spoken calmly and firmly, but the threat in his eyes had been real. I should have just disappeared until I knew for sure if the killers were even looking for me, as I’d wanted to do from the very beginning. I knew that Mom thought that I'd be safer in a situation where there were people around who could protect me, making it harder for the bad guys to get to me, but what if someone else got hurt because of our lies? Could I live with that?
I wasn't a prisoner, so leaving shouldn't be all that hard. I just had to come up with a plan and some kind of transportation, because I'd left my car at home. I wish that Mom and I had taken the time to really think things through before reacting with haste and in fear. 
I rolled to my side and gasped, my eyes widening when they fell on Cole. I hadn't even known that he was in bed with me! His eyes were closed, his rugged features so male and handsome in sleep. His overlong hair fell against his ears and neck, and I had the sudden urge to reach up and touch the silky strands. Even relaxed, the muscles in his thickly corded neck and shoulders were well-defined and mouthwatering. 
 My gaze roamed over an impossibly wide chest and then lower, marveling at the beauty of his six-pack abs. I'd never seen a male body so magnificently sculpted. I wanted to touch Cole, to run my fingers over the hard ridges that eventually disappeared beneath the sheet covering him. Suddenly he shifted, the sheet slipped, and I realized that he was naked. I held my breath, unable to tear my eyes from the tuft of thick hair his movement had exposed. Directly beneath that and still covered by the sheet, thank God, was the outline of his sizable cock. 
All I would have to do to see the complete package would be to lift the corner of the sheet and peek.
A flush of heat spread through me at the sight of all that male goodness, and my clit began to throb. Cole was visually stimulating, and I was helpless to ignore him. I'd felt an attraction to him from the beginning, and now I realized just how strong that attraction was. Even though I'd had plenty of opportunity I hadn't been with a man in months, and suddenly I was wet and horny. I ignored my body's response to him and slowly turned to get out of bed. 
Getting involved with the sexy biker would be a big mistake.
Just as I was about to roll out of bed, an arm curled around me and hauled me back against Cole's hard, unyielding body.
"Where you going, baby?" his sleepy voice rasped into my ear. "Where's my morning blowjob?"
Oh my!
It was clear that Cole thought that I was someone else. His eyes were still closed, and he seemed to be acting on blind instinct. I put my hands against his chest to keep some distance between us, but it was like pushing against a brick wall. He was every bit as hard as I’d thought he would be.
"Cole—" As his arm continued to pull me closer, I curled my nails into his chest to get his attention. "I'm not—"
He growled and rolled over on top of me. "Too early to play hard to get," he grumbled, nuzzling his nose into the side of my neck. I shivered wildly when I felt the size of his hard-on against my sex. The only thing keeping him from slipping inside of me was my panties. "What's with the fucking clothes?" he mumbled, licking and biting my neck.
I'd forgotten to pack anything to sleep in, so I'd kept on my tee and underwear. His hand moved to my hip. He thrust against me. I moaned. God, it felt so good, but knowing that he thought that I was someone else kind of killed the mood. "Cole, I'm not—"
"Too many fucking clothes. Too much talking," he mumbled in irritation right before he slammed his mouth down on mine. 
A fire of need exploded inside me, and it didn't take long before I was surrendering to his rough possession. I couldn't help it. His mouth was hard and persuasive, and he totally claimed me with a thrust of his tongue and his cock at the same time. Moaning, I arched hungrily into his rigid cock with barely a coherent thought. That's how fast my mind and body surrendered to him. I wished that the thin layer between his hot flesh and my aching pussy was gone. His hand worked its way beneath my shirt, slowly inching its way up my side and leaving a trail of fire.
Once again I wanted to warn Cole that he had the wrong woman, but his mouth was devouring mine in the kiss of all kisses. My senses were overloaded with feeling. His touch left pleasant tingles throughout my whole body. My toes curled, my nipples peaked, and my clit swelled and pulsed as I became soaked with arousal. My hands were still against his chest, clawing at his flesh to give me more. A tiny part of me cried this was wrong, but so much more of me was lost in the moment and eager for more.
Cole's mouth left mine at the same instant that his hand curled around my naked breast. I cried out, arching with pleasure, becoming wetter when he pinched my nipple until it burned. The pain was shocking, but quickly morphed into a highly erotic sensation when he lowered his head and took the abused nub into his hot mouth and soothed it, right through the material covering it.
If I didn't stop him soon, I wouldn't be able to. I didn’t know if I would want to. Either way, I wouldn't have the strength.
He pushed my tee up over my breasts until it was bunched beneath my chin. A whimper escaped me when he began to move back and forth, giving equal pleasure to both breasts, scraping my skin with the scruff on his chiseled jaw as he teased me with his tongue and teeth. I surprised myself when my hands shifted from his chest to his head, crushing him against me passionately when I knew that I should have been pushing him away.
Heart pounding, I panted breathlessly, "Cole! I'm-I'm not who you th-think I am!" I scraped his scalp with my nails, bowing sharply beneath his mouth. Oh, sweet Jesus he was going to kill me with pleasure!
Breathing hard, he pulled his mouth off my nipple and looked up at me with surprising clarity in his eyes, his dark expression stamped with raw arousal. "I know exactly who you are," he grated hoarsely. "I've known since I pulled you beneath me."
What? I took a second to process what he'd said, or at least try. I was so turned on that it felt as if I were on some life-altering drug, and I was, in a way--I was high on Cole. "We-We can't do this," I whispered, while at the same time asking myself why it was that we couldn't. 
His grin was pure sex. "Looks like we are."
"But . . . you thought I was someone else," I reminded him. "What about her?"
He released a frustrated breath. "Can we talk about this later? I'm right in the middle of something." 
I was not going to be a convenient fill-in for another woman, no matter how turned on I was. No matter how hot Cole was. "Listen, jerk, when a man makes love to me I'd at least like to know that he knows it's me he’s making love to."
His body vibrated with laughter against me. "I don't make love, baby. I fuck."
I felt a surge of anger in response to his flippant attitude. "Well then find someone else to fuck," I hissed, trying to wiggle out from beneath him. Cole was a big man, and he was heavy. Bumping my hips to try to force him to move proved to be a dumb move, because all it managed to do was reveal how fucking huge and hard his cock was. 
Cole grunted in response and dropped his head back onto my breasts. I began to wiggle wildly, afraid of where this was going.
Afraid of myself.
"Get off!"
"Jesus, wait a fucking minute, will you?" he growled as if he were in pain, pressing my body down to hold me still.  
I stilled. "I'll give you ten seconds." 
His mouth was against my breast, and the feel of his smile on my flesh caused a shiver to ripple through my body. Damn him. Why did he have to be so sexy? And so good with his hands and mouth? With a groan he finally rolled away, causing a cool draft to cover my exposed body. I quickly pushed my shirt down, barely holding in a sigh when the material brushed against my sensitive nipples. 
I got out of bed and stared down at him. "May I ask why you're in bed with me?" I tried to keep my eyes on his, but it was difficult, considering that he hadn't done anything to cover up his magnificent body.
"My room. My bed." As if that explained everything. He pinned his eyes on me, and then let them move lazily over me, as if committing me to memory. His grin didn't have an ounce of humor in it. "You have a wet spot."
My gaze dropped down the front of my shirt, pausing on my hard nipple, which was surrounded by a dark patch of material. Embarrassed, I quickly plucked the damp material away from my breast.
Cole's bark of laughter drew my frowning gaze back to him. "I meant that wet spot." His eyes dropped further south.
I reluctantly lowered my eyes again. My tee stopped at my waist, exposing a strip of bare skin, and then my bikini panties. Oh, shit! It was more than just a spot. My panties were soaked!
I felt scorching heat crawl up my neck into my cheeks.
I wanted the floor to open up and swallow me, I was so mortified.
With a groan, I grabbed my jeans from the foot of the bed and fled to the bathroom.
Asshole! 
Chapter 7


Cole


I lay back, more than a little frustrated. It wasn't uncommon for me to wake up with a club slut in my bed, so I'd naturally thought that was the case when I’d first awoken to the feel of a presence next to me. The fog in my brain from drinking half of the previous night away hadn't lifted enough for me to remember that it was Raven in bed with me. That had come with stark clarity after I'd pulled her curvy body beneath mine.
By then I'd been too far gone to care, and had had only one thing on my mind--fucking the daylights out of her. She was sexy, soft, and smelled fucking good, nothing like the club girls who usually reeked of cigarette smoke, stale beer, and sometimes sex. I'd forgotten all about my determination to stay away from her, but fuck, what man could ignore a beautiful woman lying next to him?
I listened to Raven taking care of whatever it was women did in the bathroom in the mornings, eyeing my gradually wilting dick. She was pissed, but I had a feeling that it was due more to my thinking that she'd been someone else than about what we’d actually been doing. She'd been into it, she couldn't deny that. Her body arching into my mouth, silently begging me to continue, had revealed her pleasure. I grinned, rubbing my hand up and down my chest. Damn, her full tits had felt good against me, and had tasted even better. My dick throbbed with renewed arousal, and I knew if I kept this up I'd have to hunt down one of the girls for a blowjob.
I wasn't going to walk around with a hard-on all fucking day.
I sat up and stretched. 
"Time for church, brother!" A sharp rap followed Sax's unexpected holler through my door. I knew that we had church, but the fact he was announcing it meant that I was probably late.
"On my way!" I called back, rising to my feet and heading toward the bathroom door. "You almost done in there? I got to take a piss."
I could tell by the way the door flew open that she was still miffed. I grinned at the sparkle of fire in her eyes. She smiled back, but there was no humor in it. I took in her sassy ponytail, picturing what the silky strands would look like wrapped around my hand. 
"All yours," she said brightly, making to move past me. My arm shot out to block her in the doorway. She came to a jerky halt. "What?" 
"The girls make breakfast in the mornings, so go find yourself something to eat. I'll come find you after church."
She snorted. "Huh! Church won't help you." The corners of her mouth twitched.
"Baby, it's not that kind of church." I leaned in. "Going to give me a good morning kiss?"
She blushed. "You've already had a good morning kiss."
"How about a goodbye kiss then?"
A laugh escaped her, surprising us both. "Go find one of your girlfriends to kiss."
"I don't kiss them." 
Her brows rose with disbelief. 
"I know where their mouths have been. Told you I knew it was you when I pulled you beneath me."
She scrunched up her pert little nose. "You would." As if she couldn't stop herself, her eyes shifted downward before darting back up in a record second. My dick was still semi-hard. "Now move, I'm hungry."
Laughing, I stepped back so she could escape, and then shut the bathroom door. Demon was going to be pissed. I quickly took care of business, hearing the outer door close when Raven left my room. She was a firecracker, those green eyes giving her away every time. I enjoyed our wordplay, enjoyed how fucking expressive she was, but I had to be careful. I hadn't been joking the day before. If she brought trouble to my brothers, I'd be the one who'd have to deal with her, and it wouldn't be pleasant. 
By the time I walked into church, everyone was there and settling back in their chairs. "Brothers," I acknowledged as I walked toward my usual spot at the table.
"Nice of you to join us," Demon grated from his place at the head of the table, his one good eye following me. Demon had once been our VP until our long-time president, Killer, had died of cancer. No one knew how he'd lost his eye, but rumor was that it had happened in prison during a riot, back when he'd been a prison guard. It was hard to picture him on the other side of the law.
"Late night," I smirked, sinking down into my chair.
"Fuck, we all had a late night, brother," he snapped. "How's our new guest?"
I rubbed the whiskers covering the lower half of my jaw and shrugged. "She's here." I wondered if I should voice my concerns regarding her, or if I should check her out first. "Told her we were going to put her to work."
Demon nodded. "Good. She can take Bobbie's place." His expression flickered with something close to regret when he mentioned the club girl who'd just up and left one day. "You brothers have turned this place into a fucking pigsty since she took off." He included everyone seated at the table with a sweeping look. "Okay, listen up. Most of you probably know by now that we have a visitor. She's not a new club girl, so don't expect her to put out, unless she wants to." His smirk brought laughter throughout the room. "She's going to be working as a cleaner, so if you have anything in your room she shouldn't see, get rid of it."
"How long she going to be here?" Riggs inquired. 
Demon shrugged. "Not sure. We're just giving her a place to lay low until her ex gets her out of his system. Payback for Moody."
Rugar snorted. "Have you seen her tits and ass? You don't just get over a woman who looks like that." 
I'd had the pleasure of sampling those juicy tits and rolling those hard, sweet little nipples on my tongue, but I kept that to myself. No sense making my brothers jealous.
"Yeah, you get under her!" Gage guffawed loudly. 
"And behind her!"
I gave Sax a scowl. Holly would have his balls if she'd heard him. 
He shrugged with a half-smile on his face. "What? I have an old lady, but I'm not dead, brother."
Other crude comments began to follow as my brothers began to describe what they'd do to her if they could get their hands on her. Normally that sort of talk wouldn't have bothered me, I would have joined right in with the harmless banter, but for some reason what I was hearing now made me clench my teeth. The thought of one of my brothers getting a taste of what I'd sampled caused a slow burn in my gut.
"Enough!" Demon yelled after a minute. 
The silence was instant, and not because he was glaring at us. We respected him as our president. We had voted him into the position, and not just because he'd been our VP. He'd been with the Desert Rebels for sixteen years and had worked his way up the ranks, proving that he was a loyal brother and a good leader. 
"Not here to discuss pussy. Want you brothers to keep your ears and eyes open when you're out on the road. The VP of Soulless Demons was killed a few days ago when he went home for his pop's funeral."
"Where?" LD inquired in his gritty voice. His throat had been slashed in a fight years before and had left his vocal cords damaged. It made the big man seem all the more threatening and dangerous. 
"Bisbee." 
"Jesus, we were just there," Sax exclaimed, shooting me a look.
"A hit?" a brother by the name of Colton asked. Originally with the Devil's Soldiers, he was one of the few brothers we'd patched-over when we’d taken over his MC a few years back.   
"Looks that way," Demon confirmed. 
"Cain was a damn good brother," Reid said, leaning back in his chair and crossing his arms. "Crazy as fuck, but he saved my ass a couple of times on a run we went on years ago."
Demon released a deep breath. "Just report back to me if you hear anything." His tone indicated that we were done with that topic. "Let's move on to Crystal's Palace. Oz, JoJo, and I have checked over the tax returns and books, and they've been in the green the last six years. And we're talking a damned good profit, brothers." JoJo was Oz's old lady, and she worked as an accountant for the club.
"How much profit?" Junior asked. It was always about the money for him. He'd wanted to take over the club when his dad, Killer, had passed away, but he'd been too fucking young and inexperienced. The years had toughened him up, but he still had a long way to go before he was able to know what was best for the MC. 
Oz was the one who replied. "Well, taking in their overhead, the money they pay their employees . . . let's just say that in five to seven years we could all retire comfortably."
Seven years! Shit, that wasn't bad. 
"And that's after paying off the purchase price?" Sax wanted to know.
Oz, who was wearing glasses, shot Demon a look over the rim. It was clear that he was silently asking our president if he could answer that question. The MC made fucking good money with the legit businesses that we ran, along with other, slightly less than legal shit. I studied the stony look on Demon's face.
"Depends, brothers." Demon leaned forward, steepling his fingers in a power play. "If you want to outright buy the business or make payments."
We'd have to take a vote.
"Fuck, we have enough money in the coffers for that?" Junior's face resembled that of a five-year-old being told he's going to Disneyland for the first time.
"It would wipe us out, but we could." Oz gave Demon a hard look. "Probably not a good idea emptying the coffers. I recommend giving them a hefty down payment and paying off the rest in installments. We could still pay it off early."
Demon acknowledged his input with a nod. "I agree with Oz. Let's vote. A raise of hands we buy Crystal's Palace." 
We’d have been fools not to go with it. Sex was always a good money-maker, and they were established. Their girls were beautiful, talented, and knew how to keep their mouths shut about what they heard from their clients. 
All hands went up.
"Looks like Desert Rebels has acquired another business, brothers. Now let's vote on the other issue. A show of hands that we buy it outright." 
Smart brothers. No one raised their hands.
"A show of hands we give them a down payment and make the rest in installments."
All hands shot up. Oz was making note of the results as they happened in a ledger in front of him. 
"Done!" Demon announced. "Anything else we need to bring to the table?" Silence. "Church is done." 
As my brothers piled out of the room, I hung back.
I wanted to talk to Demon about our sweet little guest.  


****


Raven


Cole hadn't been kidding when he’d said that it was the women’s responsibility to make breakfast, and when I entered the kitchen and saw the massive spread that had been laid out on the kitchen counters, I found myself wondering just how many members there were in the MC. There were scrambled eggs, biscuits, bacon and sausage, a bowl of what appeared to be sausage gravy, and a tower of buttered toast. I wondered where the eggs had come from, considering that there’d only been two left the night before. I grabbed a chipped plate at the end of the counter and eyed it all. I wasn't a big breakfast eater. I usually just drank coffee, and I preferred something light.
Someone giggled behind me. "Honey, there's yogurt in the fridge." 
A woman had breezed into the kitchen behind me. She was young, in her early twenties, and was pretty, in spite of her disheveled appearance. She had a pixie cut that complimented her thin face and large brown eyes. Her makeup was smeared, and she was wearing a thin, silky robe that didn't cover much of her petite frame.
I gave her a grateful smile and put the plate back down on the counter. "Thanks."
"You must be Raven?" 
I nodded. 
"I'm Lulu, one of the girls."
I'd seen her the night before, partying with some of the members, and again this morning when I'd first entered the bar area. She'd been sitting at a table with three other women, all looking as if they were severely hung over and in bad moods. I'd recognized Tamara among them, and, ignoring her look of death, had aimed for the kitchen. 
"Are you going to bite my head off and warn me to stay away from one of the men, too?" I joked, pouring myself a cup of coffee.
She laughed. "That had to be Tamara." She reached around me for the sugar. "She's so predictable. She thinks Cole is hers, but she should know better." She gave me a genuine smile. "We're not all like her. Just ignore her."
First impressions were everything, and I found that I liked Lulu instantly. She seemed like a genuinely nice person, and she was friendly. "How long have you been here?" I opened the fridge and grabbed a yogurt that promised an abundance of fruit at the bottom.
"About a year." She reached in for a yogurt, too. "Long enough to know my place. The guys are good to us, they take care of us, and once they accept you into their fold, you're family for life. But the quickest way to be shown the door is to try to sink your hooks into one of them for old lady status." She opened a drawer and grabbed two spoons, handing me one.
"I'm not sure I understand," I admitted, stirring my yogurt.
She leaned against the counter, eating hers. "We're here for the members in any capacity they want. If they want us to cook, we cook; dance naked, we dance naked; screw them, we screw them--sometimes more than one at the same time. Some of these guys are kinky as hell." She laughed. "But no man wants to have an old lady who's fucked all his brothers."
I could certainly understand that. I took a bite. "And you're okay with this?"
Lulu nodded. "Yeah. I'm not looking to be tied down yet, and I like the sex. In return I have a roof over my head, protection, basically whatever I need."
She was young. I wondered how she would feel about all this when she was older and she had nothing to show for it. "How many girls are here?" I thought Holly had said that there were four, but I didn't trust my memory. I finished my yogurt and tossed the container into the trash can.
"Just four who live at the club. You've met Tamara and me, there's also Mitzi and Cherry." I assumed that they were the other girls who I’d seen sitting at the table on my way in to the kitchen. "Bobbie left about a month ago. She used to help out at the bar and cleaned around the place."
I'll be doing that, I thought to myself.
"She also slept with the guys."
I wouldn't be doing that. I sipped at my coffee.
"Good morning!" Holly entered the kitchen, smiling. "Oh my God, look at all this food. I can tell the guys haven't been in yet." She went directly to the coffee maker.
"I saw them stumbling into church earlier." Lulu reached for a piece of toast.
Holly laughed as she fixed her coffee. "Sunday mornings are always rough." She turned around to face us. "How did you sleep last night?"
"The drinks I had before bed did the trick," I replied. I wasn't usually a hard drinker. I sometimes had a glass of wine or a beer, but Holly had talked me into doing a couple of tequila shots. She’d said they would help me sleep after spending the day riding. She’d been right. "Do you live here at the clubhouse?"
She shook her head. "No, we have an apartment in Boulder City, but Sax has a room here that we use occasionally. The only time you'll see me here is when there's a party, a cookout, or we're on lockdown."
Hmm. Boulder City must be fairly close, then. It might be an option if things here didn't work out for me. I was still up in the air about whether I should stay or leave. 
"There isn't much around here besides desert. Most everyone lives or works around Boulder City," Lulu explained. “The single members and club girls are the only ones who make the clubhouse their home." She set her empty coffee cup in the sink. "Well, I'm going to get a shower and then collapse in my own bed."
"I like her," I said to Holly, once she had left the room. I looked at Holly, hoping that she didn't warn me that Lulu was really a back stabbing viper.
"Yeah, Lulu is a sweetheart. You already know about Tamara. Cherry is okay, a little ditsy, but she means well. Mitzi is a follower. If she's with someone who likes you, then she likes you. Watch out when she's hanging around Tamara. For some reason she looks up to her."
A snort escaped me before I could prevent it. "What a role model."
"I know, right?" She laughed. Suddenly, we heard a noise coming from the bar area, and it was clear that some of the men had entered the room. "If there's anything you want to eat, you better get it now. Once the men get here, the food and coffee will disappear fast."
I noticed Holly top off her mug of coffee. I decided to do the same, since mine had cooled considerably. She grabbed a couple of pieces of bacon, and I decided to go for a piece of toast. As the men began to plow through the doorway and into the room, we both moved out of the way. Mumbled “good mornings” were directed our way, but neither of us acknowledged any of them with more than a quiet smile.
"I see what you mean."  They were like ravenous dogs, attacking the food over each other and piling their plates high. Even though there were low grumblings among them, I could tell it was all done good naturedly. 
I was surprised that Cole wasn't with them. I was even more surprised to realize that I was disappointed that he wasn't. 
Holly and I remained out of the way, watching with amusement. The guys were so focused on the food they barely acknowledged that we were there, until Sax filled his plate and walked over to us.
"Morning, baby." He leaned in and gave Holly a hard kiss.
It wasn't the first time that I’d noted how handsome Sax was. In fact, most of the men I'd seen so far weren't bad on the eyes. Granted, they were hard-core bikers personified in their scruffy appearances, which were as different as they were alike. Leather cuts, jeans, and boots weren't the only thing that identified who or what they were. Tattoos, long hair, and the rough, all-around sexiness of their tight jaws and steely eyes sucked a woman in to try to find out what they were like.
In the sex department, that is.
They were big, tall, muscular men who could have easily appeared in a sexy calendar, and Cole was at the top of the list. Maybe it was because he'd been the first one I'd seen that I'd become slightly infatuated with him. Once I'd looked into those ice-blue eyes, I'd felt something flare in my core. The incident that had occurred between us in bed that morning had only strengthened my attraction for him. Just thinking about his mouth on my nipples made them harden, and my sex clench.
"Well, good morning, honey."
Pulling my eyes from Holly and Sax, I followed the friendly tone to one of the men that I hadn’t yet met. He'd spotted me and was walking toward me, carrying a plate of food. 
"Good morning," I returned, finding his easy smile contagious.
"Name's Bull." He held out his hand. "Wasn't here to meet you last night."
"That's okay." His hand swallowed mine. "I forgive you." 
Like most men he towered over me, his bulk huge and easily threatening in the right circumstances. There was friendliness in his brown eyes, though, which were barely visible through the messy strands of his blonde hair. A ragged scar ran down the length of his left cheek, half-covered by a close-cut beard. The scar didn't take away from his rugged attractiveness. 
"Bull!"
We both turned to where Cole had paused in the doorway. I gave him my brightest smile, showing him that I forgave him for what had happened that morning.
Cole gave a sharp nod before turning around and leaving again.
The asshole had totally ignored me!
"Guess I better see what he wants." Bull’s grin revealed a row of even, white teeth. "See you later."
I watched him leave, finishing my toast and coffee.  
Chapter 8


Cole


"I don't trust her." 
Demon's brows shot up. "Fuck, brother, get right to the point.” He leaned back in his chair. "Why's that?"
I shrugged. "My gut tells me that she's hiding something. The real reason she's here."
"Fuck, you think she's a mole?" His expression hardened with anger.
"Fuck, no. I just think there's more to her story. I'm not buying the whole fucking obsessed boyfriend shit."
He stared at me for a minute as he thought it over. "Your gut?" 
I nodded. 
Demon knew that I was good at reading people. He knew that I was good at my job. I didn't want to think that there might be something more sinister going on with Raven, something that could put the MC in jeopardy, but instinct was telling me that it was a possibility. As enforcer I questioned things until I was satisfied. My club and my brothers’ safety were priority, above anything else I might want as a man. 
And I wanted Raven, every fucking inch of her. After the sample I'd gotten that morning, I was hooked. Maybe that was the fucking problem, and why I was so determined to believe that she was hiding something. I wanted an excuse to keep her at arms’ length.
"You know what to do then." 
I nodded. "Already asked Oz to check her out. I'm going to put Bull on her ass until I know for sure that she's not trouble." I ignored Demon’s smirk. He was fucking good at reading people, too. If he sensed my attraction to Raven, he was keeping it to himself. "In the meantime, she'll start cleaning the place up."
"You think that's wise? Letting her have access to the brothers’ rooms?"
I shrugged. "Figure it will take her some time to get the public areas cleaned, she can begin in the bar." I had no intention of letting her into our private rooms until I knew her story. I didn't think that she was a plant, but women were deceptive and good actresses, and it wouldn't be the first time a woman had infiltrated the club to snoop around.
"I'll leave you to handle it." He rose to his feet. "Keep me informed."
I got up with Demon and we left the room. Demon took a left toward his room, I took a right toward the bar. He'd just gotten in before church, looking worn and scruffy after a night spent at Crystal's Palace, sampling the product. For as long as I'd known Demon, he'd been a man whore, even when he’d been married to Julia. She'd been just as unfaithful to him, so it had been an equal match. When she’d asked for a divorce it had been sudden and unexpected, but Demon hadn't cared one way or another. 
I entered the bar to see the club bitches sitting together at one of the tables, eating breakfast. They all looked tired and used up, and I knew that they'd had a rough night. Not that they complained. They loved the rowdy parties and the sex just as much as my brothers did. It was a way of having some harmless fun and letting off steam after a week of work and stressful shit. They lived full-time at the clubhouse, in an apartment at the back of the building. If I hadn’t thought that it might cause trouble, I would have set Raven up there with them.
Tamara shot me an air kiss when she noticed me walk into the room. I smirked, but didn't encourage her. She was becoming a real problem, and strangely enough, since Raven had come on the scene, I wasn't as eager for her specialties. I laughed internally at that. The woman liked giving head and preferred taking it up the ass. As much as I’d enjoyed her talent in the past few months, it had probably been a mistake to single her out.
LD, Tooly, and Reid were just coming out of the kitchen with their plates of food when I reached the doorway. I paused for a second, my gaze searching for and finding Raven at the back of the room with Holly, Sax, and Bull. It looked as if she and Bull was getting friendly, and something in me didn't like that. I’d been ready to assign him to keep eyes on her and follow her if she left the clubhouse, but seeing them together and how easily they interacted with each other caused me to re-think that decision. 
She was wearing another tee, this one white with a low neckline and cutouts at the shoulders, revealing her smooth, tanned skin. The material clung to her full tits like a glove, revealing cleavage that I wanted to stick my tongue in, and I found myself grinding my teeth as I recalled our earlier interaction in my bed. She had the sweetest nipples I'd ever tasted, big and as hard as diamonds.
My gaze continued downward, appreciating the flare of her hips in her jeans and the way that the material clung to her thighs. I wanted to see what her ass looked like in those jeans, and then without them. I imaged what those legs would feel like wrapped tight around my waist while I fucked her, my hands clenching into the globes of her butt to hold her closer. Shit. I was getting a hard-on just looking at her, watching her like a fucking stalker. 
"Bull!" I barked, loud enough for my voice to carry across the room.
I got the attention of both him and Raven. The smile that she shot my way caused my gut to clench at the innocent beauty of her. Ignoring her was harder than I’d thought it would be, but I convinced myself that it was a survival tactic that had to be done in the event that I would later have to do something I didn't want to. I motioned for Bull and stepped back inside the bar to wait for him. 
Once again, Tamara caught my eye, her look clearly revealing that she was eager and available. I thought about taking her into the restroom and letting her suck me off to relieve the tension that was thrumming through me. Hell, I could get her to do it right here, but it would only be a temporary relief, and a poor substitute for what I really wanted. 
"Yeah, brother?" Bull questioned as he followed me to the bar. 
"Got a job for you." 
He placed his plate on the bar as we sat, turning to me expectantly. 
"I want you on Raven." His big grin told me that he'd taken my request literally. "Not like that, asshole," I sneered. "From here on out she's your sister, you got that?" I didn't want to have to worry about them fucking. 
He released an unhappy sigh, knowing what that meant. "Got it."
"Think of it as protection detail. Wherever she goes, you go. Until I find out more about her, we treat her with suspicion." Bull's look turned serious. Good. He knew this was important, and I knew that I could trust him. "There's an empty room next to yours, set her up in there." I'd just made that decision, realizing that I needed to keep my distance from Raven. Having her in my room and my bed had been a big fucking mistake.
"Where is she staying now?" he asked around a mouthful.
"She slept in my room last night." 
His expression turned thoughtful and inquisitive. I wasn't about to elaborate further, it was none of his fucking business. 
"She makes no phone calls out of ear shot." Fuck, I was slipping. I realized that I hadn't even asked if she had a phone on her.
"Is she free to move around?"
I thought for a moment. If I had my way, I would lock her up until I was sure we could trust her, but I didn't want her questioning our actions when she was just supposed to be a working guest here. "Yeah." I had a feeling that a trip into Boulder City was on the radar, if what Sax had said about the conversation Raven had had with Holly about going there was true. "Your job is to provide protection if she asks for it." 
Bull acknowledged with a nod, chewing on a strip of bacon. 
"She's on cleaning duty, five hours a day. She can start out here in the bar."
"You going to tell her what's going on?" He slurped his coffee as if he were a little kid.
"Nope." I don’t want anything to do with her, I lied to myself. "She's all yours, brother." 
Bull stared at me, his brown eyes searching for something I didn't want him to see. I could tell that he had something on his mind. It was killing him to remain silent. "Say it."
He snorted. "Only if you promise not to deck me." 
"Go ahead. What are you dying to know?"
He took a breath. "What happens if we realize we’re both into each other? Not saying it will happen, but we are both free adults. Shit happens."
I glared at him. "You've done protective detail before."
"Yeah, but that was usually on someone that someone else wanted. I knew enough not to overstep my bounds." He shrugged with a grin. 
I knew what he was asking, I could tell that he was pleased with himself for putting me into a position in which I would have to commit one way or another. I continued to glare at him, hoping that he drew his own conclusion and made the smart decision to back the fuck off. I was suddenly glad that I hadn't promised not to deck him, because that was exactly what I felt like doing. Only he wasn't backing off. I growled and ran a hand through my hair.
"You watch her, you protect her, and you keep your fucking hands off her."
That was the only thing I was going to say on the subject. 


****


Raven


Oh my God, I was exhausted! Five hours of scrubbing and polishing every surface in the bar, sweeping and mopping the floors--twice--had been a disgusting chore. I didn't care if the place reeked of bleach and cleaning products, it was better than the stale beer, vomit, and whatever other bodily fluids that had stained the stone, dirt-colored floor before I’d scrubbed it away. I was thankful that I hadn’t had to get down on my hands and knees, but once I'd started stirring up the filth, the smells had become nauseating. I'd seen some of the sexual activity that had gone on the night before, most of which had consisted of the club girls on their knees. Yuck! 
By the end of my shift it felt as if the distasteful wince on my face was permanent. I looked around the room, realizing that I still had a lot to do before it would be clean enough for me. The windows were filmy with nicotine, as had been just about everything else that I'd cleaned so far. The mirror that covered one entire wall behind the bar and the bottles of booze also needed to be cleaned, but at least I'd finished the main things like the tables, chairs, and floors. I'd also polished the chrome foot bar along the bottom of the bar, the only thing that actually spoke to the work that I'd done now that it was shiny again. 
I wondered how long that would last.
As I’d worked, I'd been aware that I had an audience. Bull had informed me earlier that he’d been assigned to watch over me. He'd said that it was for protection, but I wondered if that was the truth. I was there to get the club’s protection, but surely they didn't expect my so-called ex-boyfriend to hunt me down and try anything while I was in the clubhouse. Bull took his job seriously though, and followed me everywhere but into the restroom. 
"You know you don't have to work straight through, you can break it up," Bull quipped as he sank down onto the sofa that I'd just collapsed on.
I was too tired to care that I probably would not have sat on the germ-infested furniture if I’d been in the right state of mind. "Once I start, I'd rather keep going," I explained, turning my head enough to meet his smiling eyes. 
"You worked before you came here, right?" 
I nodded. 
"What did you do?"
"I worked in a club." I laughed softly. "Nothing this strenuous." 
"Bartender?"
"Nope."
"Server?"
"Nope."
His brows rose. "Dancer?"
My smile grew. "Nope."
It grew quiet as he tried imagining what my job had been. "Cook?"
"Nope."
"Manager?"
"Nope."
"Fuck, I've run out of positions." 
I laughed. 
"So, what did you do?"
I thought about how Cole seemed to be bothered by the fact that he didn’t know what I’d done before I’d come to the club for protection, and realized that I wasn’t ready to let that cat out of the bag yet. "It's a secret," I said, giggling. Bottom lip sticking out, I blew upwards, causing the hair that was hanging in my eyes to fluff up. "I need a shower." I held Bull's gaze. "You're not going to insist on coming in there, too, are you?"
"Nope. Bathrooms are off-limits." 
I rose to my feet. "Good to know."
"Bring your things with you when you come back," he said, surprising me. I hesitated, waiting for him to explain. "You're being moved to another room."
"Oh, okay." After what had happened with Cole that morning I was fine with moving. I didn't trust myself with him, and I didn't need to complicate my life by getting involved with anyone, even if it was only sexual. "Be back in a few."
I made my way to Cole's bedroom and stripped. I would definitely need to do some shopping for clothes if I was going to be working and sweating this hard every day. Ten minutes later, I was drying myself with the same thin towel that I'd used the day before. I squeezed the excess water out of my hair and then gave it a shake before going out into the bedroom to dress. I had one clean set of clothes left--a pair of jeans and a tank the same green color as my eyes. Just as I was reaching for my panties, I heard the familiar buzz of my phone.
I dug it out of the satchel pocket I'd slipped it in before leaving home and glanced down at the caller ID. Mom! My heart jumped as I thought the worst and quickly answered my phone. "Hi, Mom, is everything okay?"
"Honey, they've already found out who you are!" There was more disbelief in her tone than fear.
My eyes widened with panic. "So soon?" Oh, God. "How-What—"
"Apparently they got a look at your license plate when you drove off." 
Shit! I was hoping it had been too dark. "Did they come to the house?" I immediately became concerned. Of course they had if Mom was calling. "They didn't hurt you, did they?"
"No, no, honey. They did come to the house. They just left. There were two of them asking for you. I told them that you'd taken off the day before on a road trip. That you'd said you had a fight with your boyfriend and had decided to get away for a while."
Wow. My mom was good, and she sounded totally confident and unafraid. I wished that I had her confidence. "Do you think they believed you?"
"Maybe. They didn't act as if they suspected that I was lying. I asked them who they were, and they said they were agents scouting out new talent for their club in Vegas." 
If that had been the case they would have contacted me at the club that I worked at. It had happened before, but at that point I hadn't wanted to leave home. I frowned. "What did they look like?"
"One was tall, bald, and mean-looking, even though he acted friendly enough. The other was tall, too, but he had a bush on his head that reminded me of Howie Mandel before he shaved his head. He was creepy friendly."
Oh, God, they resembled the men that I'd seen in the alleyway the night that I’d witnessed the murder. Neither of them was the cop that had been there. He'd been in full uniform and shorter than the two men that Mom was describing. I'd only caught his side-view, so I wasn't even sure that I would have been able to recognize him if I saw him again, but I'd never forget his voice. He had been the one who'd screamed out for the other two to go after me. 
"Are they the men you saw?" For the first time she sounded hesitant, as if she didn't really want to know the answer.
"It sounds like them. Mom, I'm scared."
"Honey, we've talked about this. There was nothing threatening about them. They just wanted to know where you were, and they seemed to accept my answers. They said they would check with your boss to see if he knew where they could find you."
"I'm not scared for me," I clarified. "What if they come back? What if they find out that you lied to them? Men like that do desperate things when they don't get what they want." Anyone who could cold-bloodedly kill a man was capable of anything. 
"Raven," she said in a tone meant to placate me. 
"Mom, this is serious! They know who I am now. They know I have a mother. Soon they'll find out about Amber and Martha. You think these men are going to let it go that I witnessed them kill a man? No! You think they'll hesitate to use my family to get to me? No! One of you might get hurt, or worse!"
"Raven—"
"We should have thought this through more. We should have all disappeared." I ran out of steam, tears swimming in my eyes because I felt so frightened and helpless. I should never have let my mom talk me into running away, while leaving her and my sisters alone and vulnerable. I suspected that those men would return once they were told the same story Mom had told my work. If they bought the story it would be a miracle. Maybe, with luck, they were that stupid, but I couldn't count on that.
"Are you okay now?"
I rolled my eyes and bit my lip to keep from screaming. I loved my mom, but she could be so frustrating sometimes. "I would be happier if you, Amber, and Martha would find somewhere to hide out for a while, too."
She made a tsking sound. "You know they can't leave college."
I wanted to remind her that this could mean the difference between life and death. She hadn't seen what I’d seen, she hadn't witnessed the viciousness of the killing. I'd caught the end of the brutal beating they'd put the other man through, right before the cop had taken out his gun and shot him in the head without hesitation. 
"Honey?"
"I'm still here."
"The more we act like nothing is out of the ordinary, the more they will believe what we're telling them is the truth. So I go to work. Your sisters continue to go to school. We keep to our normal routines in case they are watching."
What Mom said had merit, I knew that it did, but it didn’t stop me from worrying. The fact that Cole didn't exactly believe my reason for seeking out the club’s protection didn’t help with my unease. I didn't like not being in control. I was a working girl, I had a good career, a nice car, both of which I’d left behind to escape these brutal men. 
"Did you take care of my car?"
Mom laughed. "Yes. I put it in a storage unit."
I breathed a sigh of relief. Maybe this would work. Maybe with time the men who were looking for me would realize that I hadn't reported them to the police, and they would just forget about me. 
Except that I didn't believe that for a second. Men like that would want to tie up loose ends. This meant that I was probably going to have to start over somewhere, maybe even change my name. And leave my family. I couldn't fathom that. We were all so close. 
"Honey, I have to go, someone is at the door. We'll talk again soon, okay? And don't worry. Love you."
"Okay, talk to you later. I love you, too." I tossed my phone onto the bed when she disconnected our call, a gamut of emotions running through me. If anything happened to anyone in my family…it didn’t bear thinking about. I just had to trust that we were doing the right thing. We really had nowhere to go or anyone that we could confide in.
"Who the fuck were you talking to?"
With a squeak of surprise, I swung around to see Cole standing in the opened doorway, looking none too happy. In fact, he looked positively livid.
Shit!
How long had he been there, and how much had he heard?  
Chapter 9


Cole


I'd heard the slight panic in Raven's voice through the door as I'd walked up to it, and hesitated from going inside. I couldn't hear what she was saying, so I’d opened the door slowly and quietly and waited in the doorway. My gaze ran down the delectable length of her tight little body, the outline clearly shown through the clinging, thin towel that she'd wrapped around it. I salivated at the roundness of her perfect ass, narrowing my eyes to see the dark shadow that separated the twin mounds. I could almost feel the warmth and fullness of them in my palms as I held her against me.
It was a struggle to keep my mind on what she was saying and off of her fucking curves. She was a tempting piece of ass, and I had a feeling that until I made my dick happy, it was going to be hard to concentrate on anything else. Moving her out of my room meant that there would be one less chance of running into her, and it couldn't happen fast enough.
I shook my head and tuned in to what she was saying. She seemed calmer now, but there was still worry in her voice. 
It appeared that she was just ending her phone call.
"Okay, talk to you later." I heard her say. "I love you, too." She tossed her phone onto the bed.
What the fuck? Had she been talking to her ex? 
Before I could contain my anger a snarl erupted. "Who the fuck were you talking to?"
She spun around with a squeak, nearly losing the towel and grabbing for it with a panicked move, but not before I caught sight of her tits. The towel had come undone, and now she was holding it in front of her, against her body. My eyes flew back up to hers. I stepped further into my room and slammed the door shut behind me.
"I asked you a fucking question," I snapped abruptly. If she was communicating with her ex then she could get the hell out of there.
I watched the change come over her face, the scare that I'd given her slowly replaced with an emotion that began to simmer in her eyes. Summer green evolved into shards of dark emerald that warned me she was turning angry. I had a feeling that if her hands weren't so busy protecting her modesty she'd be slapping them onto her hips.
"What the hell, Cole!" she screeched with indignant anger. "I'm not a prisoner here! I can come and go as I like and talk on the phone with whoever I want. It's none of your damned business who I was talking to. You're not my babysitter!”
I approached her, causing her to take backward steps until she was up against the wall. I didn't stop until I was so close that she had to tilt her face to meet my eyes. "Until I know we can trust you, everything you do is my business," I grated down into her face. 
I saw her swallow and then lick her lips nervously. "Why do you feel you can't trust me?" 
Her sudden switch in emotions told me that I was on the right track. "Because my gut tells me that you're hiding something. I don't believe your story about trying to get away from your ex. I think there's another reason that you asked for our help."
"I didn't ask for your help, my mother did."
I pounded the wall next to her head, taking pleasure when she sucked in her breath and jumped. "Don't play fucking games with me, woman."
She pulled herself together quickly. "Anyone ever tell you that you have a one-track mind?"
If she only knew.
I glared at her, trying to ignore the enticingly clean scent of her, the curves that were so fucking close that it made me want nothing more than to touch her. 
"I did my five hours of work, Cole." 
I knew that she had. I'd never seen the bar so clean and polished before. 
"That's the price for staying here, right?" 
She was scared, I could see it--hell, I could smell it--but I had to give her credit for standing up for herself. Not too many people that came up against me had that kind of nerve, especially when they knew that I was the enforcer of Desert Rebels. They backed off, treated me with kid gloves. Men like me were known for dishing out pain and retribution to assholes that threatened the club. I was a killer when I had to be. 
"If there's more expected of me, just tell me and I'll do it."
My lips quirked. The heat building between us was more than just body heat. My dick was hard as stone, reaching out for something I was determined to deny it. Fucking Raven would be a big fucking mistake, but the bad boy inside of me wanted to test the waters, see just how far I could get her to bend to my will.
See how badly she wanted to stay here.
I reached for her hands and held them pinned above her head, catching her slight hiss at my roughness. Our eyes locked, and I took the last step that brought my body up against hers. "What if I said you have to drop to your knees and suck my dick?"
"I'd say that you're crazy!" She struggled slightly, but I could tell that it was a half-hearted effort. 
I waited until she stilled, capturing her gaze again. "What if I said I want you naked?" Transferring both of her wrists into one of my hands, I ripped the towel away from her. "And spread out on my bed?" 
Her lips parted as little pants escaped her sweet mouth. I broke eye contact long enough to let my gaze sweep down her exposed body. "What if I said you have to take my dick into your pretty little cunt?" 
She caught her breath, frozen in place. I was turning her on. I could see it in the softness of her flushed expression, the subtle way her nostrils flared, and the way her eyes glazed over with cloudy arousal. 
I moved my hand, smirking at the alarm that flared in her eyes when I cupped the side of her jaw. What had she been afraid of? That I was going to hit her? I'd never hit a woman. Her skin was flawless and felt like satin. I slowly ran my hand down her neck and chest, letting my fingers trail the sloped peaks of her perfect tits. A whimper escaped her when I circled her puckered nipple. I leaned in to whisper into her ear. "What if I said you have to take my dick up your ass?" I knew I had her when she sucked in her breath and a shiver ran through her. Hmm, did she like anal sex?
"You're very good with words." Her voice was a husky whisper, threatening to crush what little willpower I had left. 
I felt pre-cum dripping from the head of my dick. "Why don't you let me show you how good I am with my hands?" I leaned in closer, running my mouth along the fragrant skin above her collarbone. The urge to mark her was strong.
My hand cupped her tit, squeezing the heavy globe. I wanted to put my mouth on them, to suck those sweet nipples as I'd done that morning. My dick was so hard it ached, my balls swollen full of cum and needing release. I wanted to be inside Raven, pounding away at her pussy until we both went a little crazy. Fuck, I wanted her. I couldn't remember ever wanting anything so fucking badly. 
She was no longer resisting, her hot little curves straining towards me as I continued to tease her. My hand glided down her body to her plump, shaved pussy, my index finger dipping inside to where her clit was hidden. Her hips arched sharply, as if she couldn't control them. As I felt how swollen her hot little clit was, the slickness of her cream coating it, I lost a little control and clamped my teeth down onto her shoulder.
"My mother!" she cried out.
Her mother? I pulled back with a frown, slightly confused. What the fuck did her mother have to do with this? I was so fucking horny that I couldn't think straight. I couldn't think of anything else but finishing what I'd started. Like her, I was breathing heavily, my blood on fire. 
"On the phone," she explained in a rushed, panicked voice. "I was talking to her on the phone."
It suddenly became clear to me. I snorted, realizing that I'd gotten so caught up in what I was doing that I'd forgotten why I was doing it. I knew that I should pull my finger away, but instead I did the opposite, rubbing the bud until Raven was moving her hips. She threw her head back against the wall and her eyes closed. She was frightened of what she was feeling. That was why she'd blurted out something she'd thought I wanted to hear. She thought I was just messing with her. Maybe it had started out that way, but it had quickly turned into something hotter and needier. 
"Please—" She was torn between wanting me to stop and wanting me to continue. I could hear the indecision in her soft voice. 
I knew that I had to stop before I couldn't. I wanted her. I'd known it before this, but if I took her she would have all the control. All of the power. Because when a man wanted a woman as badly as I wanted her at that moment, he gave up everything. 
I kissed her because, fuck, I couldn't walk away with nothing, and I needed to have those pillowy soft lips beneath mine again, tasting her as I thrust my tongue inside her mouth. She kissed me back, just as aggressively, just as greedily, moaning beneath my forceful attack. I moved my finger off her clit, grasping her by the waist to hold her where I wanted her, while I continued to use my body to keep her crushed against the wall. 
I ground my dick against her, letting her feel that I was just as affected as she was, wanting her to know that I was going to deny us both. I ended the kiss when I could have kissed her all fucking night, and leaned my forehead against hers while we panted for breath. 
"Do you mind if I get dressed now?" Raven said after a long silence. 
There was mild relief in her tone, but it didn't disguise the arousal that still lingered there. She was turned on, she couldn't deny that, but she was fighting against it. Maybe she felt the same way I did, that getting involved would be a huge, fucking mistake. 
I released her wrists and stepped away with a grin. "If you insist." I let my gaze travel down her body, lingering on her tits and pussy. I could just make out the glistening wetness between her thighs, reminding me that I still had her cream on my finger. I brought it up to my mouth, watching her pupils dilate as she watched me suck it clean.
She sucked in her breath, her pupils dilating.
I smirked like the bastard I was, then turned and abruptly left the room before I said, “To hell with it,” and took what I wanted.  


****


Raven


Oh, my God! Oh, my God! I nearly collapsed against the wall the second that Cole left the room. My whole body was alive and tingling from the feel of his large hands on me, his finger on my sensitive clit. The man was dangerous to my libido. He'd guessed that I was attracted to him and he'd used it against me. A wild shiver rushed over me as I recalled how stimulating the callused texture of his hands had been as they'd moved over my body. As my breathing gradually returned to normal, I realized that if I was going to survive my stay there I had to stay away from him. 
I couldn't afford to get emotionally involved with someone who could end up hating me for my lies. Falling for a man like Cole could be devastating. 
Not that anything that had happened between Cole and me was even close to being considered a relationship. He struck me as the kind of man who liked to flirt, maybe even charm a woman into his bed, and then was done once he got what he wanted. Well, I wasn't that kind of woman. I liked sex, but I had to like the man, too, and right now I wasn't so sure that I liked Cole. Dominant men had never been my thing.
He’d made it clear that he didn't trust me, and I knew that if he found out that his suspicions about me were true, I was going to be in serious trouble. Maybe even bigger than the trouble I was in already. I didn't know enough about motorcycle clubs, or, more specifically, the Desert Rebels, to know how they dealt with liars or people who betrayed their club. If my lie did bring trouble to the MC, what then? 
I really did need to find another alternative to staying with them, but I didn't even have a car. I was stuck somewhere out in the desert with no means to come and go if I wanted to. My thoughts drifted to Holly. Maybe I could get her to help me, at least get me to Boulder City. Damn, I could ask Bull to take me there for that matter, and then Cole wouldn't have to worry about me any longer. He'd probably be glad to get rid of me.
Making up my mind to ask Bull for help, I slipped on my clean clothes and pulled my hair up into a messy bun. Then I made sure that what little I'd brought with me was back in my satchel before I left Cole's room for good. I made my way back out to the main room, not surprised to see Cole and Bull at the bar drinking. Other than that, the place was quiet. The club women were nowhere around either. 
I reluctantly made my way toward the bar. I knew Cole and Bull could see me approaching in the mirror directly across from them. I smiled, meeting Bull's eyes and completely ignoring Cole. 
"You ready to be shown to your room?" Bull asked, taking in the bag in my hands.
I hesitated, wondering if I should just say “yes” and then ask him later to take me to Boulder City, when we were alone. I met the cocky grin in Cole's eyes, fighting the urge to take his drink and pour it over his head. I reminded myself that I wasn't a prisoner there.
"Actually—"
"Let's ride!" A man that I hadn't seen before appeared out of nowhere. He was in a rush and heading toward the door. "There's trouble at the construction site!" 
Cole jumped off his stool and took off after him without question. The one-eyed man shot a quick glance at Bull. "Gonna need you too, brother!"
All I could do was stand there and watch in stunned silence as the three of them plowed through the door and were gone. Suddenly I was completely alone and wondering what the hell had happened at the construction site to cause such panic. I set my bag down and rushed to a window in time to see them and several others jump on their bikes and ride through the gate with alarming recklessness. Reddish brown dust kicked up from their spinning tires, leaving a cloud so thick that I couldn't see through it. 
It didn't take long before the thunder of their bikes disappeared. 
A muted sound alerted me that someone was coming up behind me. 
"What happened?" Lulu asked, looking out the window. I noticed that she'd changed into tiny shorts and a clinging tee that showed off her midriff.
"I don't know. This man came running out saying that there was trouble at the construction site."
"Oh, that's not good." Our eyes met. "Did the man have a patch over one eye?" 
I nodded. 
"That's Demon, our president." She turned from the window.
"So they do construction?" I turned and followed her into the kitchen.
She snorted. "Among other things. The Desert Rebels have their hands in a lot of businesses. Construction is just one. They own a couple of strip clubs and a tattoo shop in Vegas." She went back to peeling potatoes. "One of the guys told me they were thinking about buying Crystal's Palace." She shot me a wink. "That's a legal brothel. I used to work there," she said proudly.
I didn't know what to say to that. Next to the potatoes I noticed a bag of carrots and a huge roast that was still in the package. "Are you making dinner?"
She nodded. "Yeah, it's my turn. I usually stick with something that I can just put into a big pot and basically ignore," she laughed. "Cooking isn't my specialty, but I make an effort. Unlike some of the other girls, who try to get away with ordering pizza or Chinese on their nights. ‘Course, the men aren't fussy. As long as there's food, booze, and pussy, they're happy."
"Doesn't take much, I guess," I murmured to myself. "Would you like some help?"
"Sure, thanks! If you don't mind peeling and cutting the carrots." She moved an old graniteware roasting pan between us. "And if you could do the onions, too, that would be great." She gave me a sheepish smile. "The guys don't like the smell of onions on my hands."
It didn't take much imagination to guess why. I took the peeler from her and got to work. For some reason it amused me to think of the big, burly bikers eating veggies, but I reasoned that it could be the reason that they were so hot. 
"You know, if you had lemon or vinegar it would take the smell of onion off your hands," I said as I began to peel one. "The trick is that you have to let your hands air dry before you rinse them off." I gave Lulu a smile. "Mom taught me that."
"Is your mom still alive?" I nodded. She released a loud breath. "My mom died when I was young. A car accident. My dad did his best to raise me and my two brothers."
I wondered if her dad knew what she did for a living, and how he felt about it. "I'm sorry to hear that." She acknowledge my words with a sad little nod. "I have two brothers, too. Don and William, both truck drivers. They travel all over the country." 
"Well, well." 
We both turned toward the doorway where the voice that had interrupted us was coming from. 
"Look at you two getting all friendly," Tamara sneered with a bite in her tone. "You do know that she fucked Cole, too, right?" Her eyes were filled with pure malice. "Before I became his main girl."
Her comment was meant for me. She thought her words would hurt me. The regretful look Lulu shot me revealed that Tamara’s words were true. Was she worried that hearing that would ruin our new friendship? I gave her a small smile, hoping it set her mind at ease. It was obvious that Tamara had a mean streak in her, and that she liked stirring the pot, as my mom would say. 
"Why should that matter to me?" I shot back. "Cole and I aren’t anything to each other. Who he's slept with before I came here, or after, isn't my business. You're the only one who seems to be worried about it." I caught Lulu's grateful smirk when I turned back to the onion in my hands.
"Huh!" Tamara snorted in a disbelieving tone, taking a step further into the kitchen. When I glanced back at her to see the anger brightening her eyes I was glad that I was the one with a knife in my hands. "Don't try and pull that shit! I'm here to warn you, bitch, that Cole belongs to me! Who do you think he fucked last night before he went to his room?" 
I laughed, refusing to look at her, but I could see out of the corner of my eye that she was almost dancing, she had worked herself up so much. "I really don't care." But I did.
"When we fuck, it's bareback!"
She sounded almost desperate. Tamara was obviously determined to get a rise out of me. I cringed inwardly but remained silent. 
"That's a lie!" Lulu exhaled sharply, her eyes wide. She turned her attention toward me. "It's a rule of the club that all members are required to wear protection with us, no exceptions."
Tamara's contemptuous laugh echoed through the kitchen. "Cole likes his cum inside me. It makes the sex between us more meaningful. And there are exceptions if you're an old lady or a sweetheart."
Lulu scoffed. "Which you're neither. You're such a skank, Tamara." Lulu opened the roast up and set it in the center of the roasting pan. Her tone revealed that she didn't believe a word that came out of Tamara's mouth. "I don't think Cole will like knowing that you're spreading this kind of shit around." She gave a meaningful look to the other woman. "You know he hates liars."
Even I picked up on the warning in Lulu's tone. I finished with the onions, keeping my mouth shut. I wanted to say that I didn't care if Cole liked fucking Tamara without protection, that I didn't give a fuck if he liked coming inside her. But the truth was that a little part of me did care, and I didn't want to give Tamara more fuel by protesting. I didn't like the image that Tamara's words conjured up, of her and Cole naked and fucking, of him losing himself inside her, because Tamara was right--it did make the act seem more personal.
Maybe there was more between them than anyone knew, but if that were the case, why did Cole have his fingers inside me just an hour ago? I looked Tamara’s way, recognizing the smugness on her face, which twisted her otherwise pretty features. She was clearly waiting for something from me. A reaction maybe? It dawned on me that she was baiting me on purpose. She wanted to find out how I felt about Cole by getting me to react to her outrageous comments. 
I just smiled at her and watched the overconfidence in her eyes slowly dim when it became apparent that her ploy hadn't worked. 
"Just remember what I said, bitch." 
Her warning was clear, and so was her unspoken threat. I wondered if she were dangerous. Another reason to stay clear of Cole. 
"Be careful around her, honey." Lulu slipped the pan into the oven and turned it on. "She feels threatened by you."
"The feeling is mutual," I said, realizing that I meant it. 
I wondered how far Tamara would go to keep Cole.
Lulu's smile was meant to reassure me. I was grateful for her friendship. 
We were cleaning up when the world suddenly exploded. 
Chapter 10


Cole


By the time we reached the construction site where the club's company had been commissioned to do the roofing, I figured that we’d broken more than a few speeding records. The site was located in the Lake Mead area, new housing being erected within a plot of highly undeveloped land. We didn’t usually work on Sundays, but a couple of days of rare rain days had put us behind.
Demon, LD, Bull, Colton, and I arrived at the site in time to see four bikers with Devil's Soldiers cuts racing off in the opposite direction. A few years ago, before Killer had passed, we'd taken over their MC and had done a patch-over, but there were still a few rogue members out there--no one knew exactly how many--who refused to let the club die. They caused trouble for us whenever they could, but always retreated like fucking cowards when it came down to a real fight.
I heard Demon's curse over the sound of our bikes as we pulled close to the house that we’d been in the process of roofing. Sax, Riggs, and Loco had been on the job today. A quick assessment revealed that Riggs had taken a round in the leg as he’d been working on the roof. Sax and Loco were now helping him to his feet.
"Fuckers were waiting for us!" Sax snarled down at us. “They hid their fucking bikes and let us get up here on the roof before they attacked!" He wrapped one of Riggs' arms across his shoulder while Loco did the same with the other one. I could see that Riggs was in pain, but dealing with it.
"We were sitting ducks!" Loco sneered.
Demon shot me an angry glare. "I want those fuckers."
That was all he had to say. I took off with LD, Bull, and Colton right behind me. The road that the Devil’s Soldiers had taken was barely more than a dirt path that led into the rocky hills and other areas surrounding Lake Mead. They had a bit of a head start, but the dust they'd left behind still hadn't settled yet. The real problem came when we got to a split in the road. I pulled to a stop at the elevated fork in the road.
"Looks like they split up," Bull said.
I scanned the area, the slopes and gorges covered with brush. Some of the landscape looked as if we were on another planet. Dry and desolate, unwelcoming. The perfect place for vermin to hide out. Movement out of the corner of my eye drew my attention. "Let's go!" Two Devil's Soldiers were racing down a dirt road in the ravine below us. 
The road was treacherous, but we pushed our bikes as fast as they could go, making up time by leaving the path and crossing over a section of dirt and rocks that led to the other side of the ravine. Once we were back on the road, we could see the Devil's Soldiers ahead of us. I pulled out my piece and took a shot in their direction, getting their attention. They revved their bikes, and one of them began to shoot back. Taking his concentration off the unsafe road was his downfall. It only took a few seconds for him to begin weaving out of control before he slammed into one of his brothers.
They both went down. I knew as soon as they hit the ground that they'd come up shooting. I signaled my brothers and we laid our bikes down, using them for protection. Bullets zinged all around us, and we began to fire back blindly through the dust that had been stirred up by their crash. "We need one alive!" I shouted over the noise.
"Fuck!" Bull cried out. 
I snapped my gaze to him, seeing him clutch his shoulder. Shit! He signaled that he was okay, but there was no mistaking the blood seeping through his hand.
The Devil's Soldiers fired non-stop and recklessly, the sound of bullets ricocheting all around us, until it became silent on their end. I signaled my brothers to stop firing, too. I waited, squinting to see around the bikes that they were cowering behind, when two weapons were tossed aside.
"Don't shoot!" one of them shouted. Slowly, both men got to their feet and stepped away from their bikes with their hands in the air.
One of them was an older man, sixtyish and grizzled from a hard life, his hair long, thin, and gray, matching the bushy beard covering the lower half of his face. His eyes were squinting as if he were having a hard time seeing us. He looked like he hadn't bathed in a month of Sundays. I took in the stubborn grit on his wrinkled face and knew immediately that we wouldn't get anything out of him. He'd take his secrets with him to the grave.
On the other hand, the other man, who was much younger and clearly scared, would probably cry like a fucking baby. I recognized his type--he was a poser, feeding off the grit and steel of his more experienced brothers, his courage lasting only as long as their control in a situation. He might resist in the beginning, but I knew that ultimately he would spill his guts to keep his ass alive. I also knew what I would have to do to ensure that he didn't make us work for the information that we needed.
I raised my gun and shot the old man, twice. He spun around with the force of the bullet as it entered his shoulder, but it was the round that I put into his gun-hand that would prevent him from firing another weapon against us. The kid's face was almost comical, his big-ass eyes darting back and forth between me and the old man with disbelief.
There was a question in his eyes that I knew he was too afraid to voice. I shrugged. "I only need one of you," I smirked, not about to let him in on why I'd chosen him over his older brother. "It's your lucky day." My brothers laughed knowingly beside me. "Get on your fucking bike." 
He looked over at the old man, who'd fallen to his knees, glaring his hatred at us. 
"I can shoot you, too, if you’d like," I threatened in response to his hesitation. I locked eyes with LD. "Make sure he's unarmed and stay on him until we get home."
I began to pick up my bike. "You'll live, old man."
The old man’s laughter started out slowly and then picked up momentum until it turned into a fanatical belly laugh that made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up, a warning that I never ignored. I exchanged looks with Colton and Bull. The concern in their eyes mirrored mine. The old man's reaction was out of place and diabolical in a way that suggested that he knew something that we didn't. As it continued to echo around us, I resisted the urge to shoot him again, and this time in the heart.
Bull, who'd turned slightly pale, reminded me that he'd been shot and needed attention. I decided to ignore the old man and mounted my bike. We left him behind and headed back to the housing site. I could see my brothers as we approached, mulling around the pickup truck that we used for work. Riggs was sitting on the tailgate, a tourniquet around his upper thigh.
"Fuck," Demon swore when his gaze fell on Bull. "You good enough to ride home on your own?" 
"Just a nick," Bull responded.
Demon's angry gaze moved to the captured Devil's Soldier and then back to me. "Get that asshole to the clubhouse and find out what the fuck is going on. Tolbert's dead." He was their president before we patched the club over. "I want to know who's leading these fuckers and where they're holed up." 
"You won't get shit from me!" the Devil's Soldier rebelled.
I gave Demon a knowing smirk. 
"We're shutting down for the rest of the day. Let's go home."
During the drive back to the clubhouse, I couldn't shake from my mind the ominous sound of the old man's laugh, and the uncertainty of what it meant. Maybe the prisoner knew something. I grinned, wondering how long he'd hold out before he spilled his guts. I hadn't had to interrogate anyone in a while, but that didn't mean that I was rusty. Fuck no. I looked forward to the workout. 
We were about a mile down the road from the clubhouse. It was a straight shot with desert-like landscape on both sides of the road. It was quiet, other vehicles a rarity, and rarer still if you encountered a cop or emergency vehicle. That was the way we liked it. Quiet. Isolated. If someone were to pay us a visit we would hear them with enough notice to take care of business and hide whatever shit we needed to. 
Vultures circled something off in the desert as the sun beat down on us. It was a dry heat, but blistering hot nonetheless. It was especially hot against my leather-clad shoulders. 
What the fuck?
I’d expected to see the clubhouse come into view, but what I first spotted was the smoke. Not a white plume, but the kind of thick, black, smoldering cloud that signaled that something was burning down. It was small, which led me to hold out hope that someone was burning something in one of the trash drums behind the building. As we rode closer, I realized that there was too much smoke to be coming from a simple trash burn.
That’s when the ruined remnants of the clubhouse came into view. 
And then the bodies. 

****


Raven


I couldn't breathe. Something was on top of me, heavy and blocking out the light. As panic set in I pushed it back, deciding to focus instead on each shallow breath that I managed to drag into my lungs. I was alive, and someone would come. I just had to remain still until I heard the rescuers call out for survivors. As I lay there I took stock of my injuries. Surprisingly, they appeared to be minor. I could move my extremities. I could feel, even when it hurt. My head was killing me, my vision slightly blurred. I felt something wet running down the side of my head.
Focus on breathing, Raven. Just get through this, I repeated to myself over and over inside my head.
I tried to gather my thoughts and remember what had happened. One minute I’d been in the kitchen talking with Lulu as we’d cleaned up, and next there'd been a huge explosion and the building was crumbling down around us. I remembered hearing screams, shouting, the deafening sound of the explosion, and what sounded like gun shots. Before the dust had settled, I could hear the moans and cries of others who had survived. I could also hear the crackling of fire and glass breaking as heavy smoke blanketed us. 
I had no idea how long I'd been out, and I fought the urge to close my eyes and let the darkness take me again. Lulu had been standing right next to me when the explosion had happened, and I knew that she had to be somewhere close. I slowly turned my head, worried that even the slightest movement would cause whatever it was that was bearing down on top of me to shift until I couldn't breathe at all. I got braver when nothing happened, turning my head the other way, hoping that I would spot her. It appeared that the debris surrounding me had created my own little coffin.
"Lu-Lulu?" I croaked out, clearing my throat and trying again. "Lulu?" I was met by nothing but silence, and I closed my eyes, praying that she was still alive. That they all were. "Lulu!" I tried again, with more strength in my voice this time. "Please be alive," I whispered to myself, and then I heard a low groan. "Lulu, is that you?"
She made a sound that confirmed that it was. "Fuck," she said in a groggy voice. "What ha-happened?"
"I think there was an explosion," I replied.
She moaned again. "Obviously." I could hear her gasping for air. "Are you okay?"
"Yeah, surprisingly. You?"
"I'm alive." Her forced laugh worried me.
"What do you think blew up?"
I heard her slight snort. "I think the Desert Rebels pissed someone off."
She thought we'd been attacked? I tried to digest that information, recalling some of the articles that I'd read online about one percent motorcycle clubs.  I’d read stories about territorial wars and the strength with which some clubs hated each other. I couldn't fathom that this had been the kind of violence that had taken place today, and was more willing to believe that a gas line or propane tank had blown up.
"Can you move?" 
I could hear the discomfort in Lulu's tone. "I'm too afraid to, there's something heavy on top of me."
"Yeah, me, too." 
Her voice sounded weak. She coughed.
The moans and cries surrounding us became louder, suggesting that more people had either come to or were beginning to feel the pain of their injuries once the shock had worn off. I didn't even know who the others were, except for Lulu and Tamara. I wondered if Tamara and the other girls had survived. I wasn't sure exactly where the explosion had occurred, but something told me that being in the kitchen had probably been what had saved me.  
I hadn’t thought that adobe structures burned, but something was indeed burning, and the heat of the fire revealed that it was moving closer. "Lulu, do you feel the heat? I think whatever is burning is heading our way." There was no response. "Lulu?" I began to panic when she didn't answer me, suddenly feeling alone. Shit! I wasn't about to lay there and burn to death. I would have to move and pray that nothing else collapsed onto me.
I stared up at the dark, scarred wood over my body, realizing that it was a piece from the bar. Surrounding me were pieces of the tile roof, some of which had fallen on top of the wood, making it seem heavier, along with other debris that I couldn't identify. I pushed at the wood against my chest, feeling an instant relief when I was able to take a deep breath for the first time. But the wood was too heavy for me to hold up for long, and I had to release it again.
After several more tries with no results, I knew that I would have to find another way out. "Is anybody out there?" I yelled, hoping that my voice carried beyond my location. For all I knew there were survivors who hadn't been injured and they were looking for us now. I had no idea what the extent of the damage to the building was, but I knew that it had been a big blast. I heard a man's groan somewhere close.
"Quiet, woman," he managed before he fell into a coughing fit. "They…might still be…here."
They? And then I remembered the sounds that had resembled gun shots, unsure of whether they had occurred before or after the blast. I relaxed against the ground in frustration, trying to figure out what to do. Lulu's silence worried me. So did the lack of the blast of sirens that I had expected to hear by now. Surely someone had called this in? Someone who'd heard the blast or seen the fire from a distance? 
It didn't matter. My head was pounding hard enough to make me nauseous, and I could barely keep my eyes open. It felt as if the heat of the fire was licking at my feet, the smoke so thick now that it was seeping through the debris that was holding me prisoner. I made a last attempt to move. I heard someone screaming, a man, his cries so shrill and loud and full of pain. Was he being burned alive? Oh, God! It was the only possibility I could imagine that would cause that much agony. 
Tears swelled in my eyes as the realization hit me that there was nothing I could do but listen to the torturous screams of the man. I began to shake uncontrollably, cursing myself for being so weak. For the first time I allowed myself to think about Cole, already missing something that we’d never had, a chance at something more meaningful. As I felt myself drifting into unconsciousness I heard something collapse, and then the loud crackle of flames finding new life. 
I pushed against the wood that covered me one last time, but this time I couldn't even lift it off my chest, I was so weak. Not enough air in my lungs. Loss of blood from the wound on my head. Tears fell out of the corners of my eyes as thoughts of my family took over. This was going to devastate them, my mother especially. She'd tried so hard to keep me safe. 
I closed my eyes, certain that I was imagining the sound of motorcycles. 
Chapter 11


Cole


Son of a bitch! What was left of the clubhouse resembled a scene straight out of a war movie. Most of the damage had been done in the area of the bar and some parts of the kitchen. The roof was gone, the walls now in various stages of collapsing. Rubble lay everywhere, and some of it was on fire. The only thing that remained completely untouched was the unattached warehouse that we’d added when we’d first purchased the clubhouse where we stored and worked on our bikes. 
Three brothers were on the ground—Rugar, and, two prospects, Clay and Joey. It was too soon to know if they'd died from the blast or something else, but it was clear by their twisted and damaged bodies that they were gone. 
"Fuck, check for survivors!" Demon yelled, shutting his bike down and rushing toward the destruction. "Call for an ambulance!"
I was right behind him, almost laying my bike down in my hurry to get off. Once our bikes were shut down, I could hear the muted sounds of moans. My heart raced as my mind went to Raven, and I began to frantically search the area for her like a wild man. We followed the sounds, pulling back debris and tossing it aside. 
"I've got Cherry and Mitzi!" Bull hollered. He was wounded, but he found the strength to pick the women up and carry them to safe ground. He checked both of them. "They're alive!" 
They were alive, no visible injuries but that didn't mean anything. Bull went back to searching, while I moved closer to the fire, picking up huge pieces of roof and what was left of the bar, tossing them aside as if the heavy pieces were paper. I heard a low groan and moved towards the sound, digging through the rubble until I found Gage. Shit! He looked like he'd been beaten within an inch of his life. I grimaced at the piece of jagged wood that was sticking out of his belly. When I went to move him away from the fire, he grabbed me by my cut. 
"No, brother…don't!" 
I halted, meeting his glazed, pain-filled eyes. 
"It goes straight through." 
I glanced sharply at the wound, examining it. Fuck! The wood had entered through his back. 
"Devil's Soldiers," he choked out, spitting blood. He was still clutching my cut. "Caught us . . . by . . . surprise." He coughed, and I could hear that his lungs were filled with fluid. 
"Save your strength, brother." I grit my teeth as emotion threatened to choke me.
He shook his head. "No. Got to . . . to get this out." He took a moment, gasping for breath. "Af-after the explosion . . . they went a-around and shot any . . . . anyone they found." 
The old Devil's Soldiers manic laughter flashed through my memory. He'd known! Fucking bastards! 
"Never…never heard th-them coming…"
I listened to Gage with growing rage, tempering my reaction because I knew that he needed to get the words out. He wasn't going to make it, and he might have been the only one who could tell us what had happened. With a heavy sigh he released me and lay back, closing his eyes. 
"My brother…"
Clay, his younger brother. I thought about his charred and bloodied body lying on the ground just feet away. "He's good, brother," I lied. There was no need to add to his pain by telling him the truth. Besides, lying was the least of my sins. It brought some peace to Gage, because his expression relaxed and a tiny grin appeared on his mouth. 
"You-your girl," he coughed, and more blood spewed from his mouth. "Is somewhere . . . ov-over there." He barely had the strength to indicate the direction with a jerk of his head. 
My gaze shot to the area he’d nodded towards, seeing a pile of smoldering debris. Fuck! As much as I wanted to run there and dig her out, I wasn't going to leave a brother to die alone. By the time I looked back down at Gage he was gone. I clenched my teeth, blinking back the emotion filling my eyes. How many brothers were we going to lose today? "Rest in peace, brother," I murmured, leaving his side.
As I bolted over to the spot that he'd pointed out I took note of the progress of my brothers, relieved to see that someone had dug Tamara out of the rubble and had sat her next to Mitzi and Cherry. She appeared stunned, and rightly so. Demon and Sax were carrying another prospect, Fisher, toward them, which told me that he was still alive. The three men that we'd come upon first had been moved away from them and were lying side by side.
I moved carefully when I reached the place where Gage had indicated that I would find Raven. "Raven!" I hollered, praying that I found her alive. A tiny sound drifted up to me, and I zeroed in on a large piece of the bar that was just beginning to catch fire. Rushing there, I picked up the wood and hurled it away, finding Raven beneath it. Heart racing, I bent to her. She looked surprisingly unharmed with the exception of a bloody gash on her head. "Baby? You alright?"
Her eyes fluttered open and she sucked in gulps of air. I realized that before I’d lifted away the section of the bar she hadn't been able to breathe. Her hand drifted up toward her head. She poked around the area and winced. "Good now." She tried to smile. "Lulu…" She glanced beside her. 
I scooted over to where she was looking and started to pick off the roof tiles that she was buried under. "Over here!" I shouted in the direction of my brothers. I thanked fuck for the sirens that I could now hear approaching in the distance. I was still digging when Demon, Colton, and LD ran over to help. Lulu began to moan as we got closer to where she was. As soon as I saw her, I left my brothers to finish and returned to Raven.
"Is the okay?" she asked.
"She's alive," I responded. "Babe, do you hurt anywhere besides your head?" My gaze moved over her, relieved that there was no blood and no bones sticking out, but still concerned about the possibility of internal injuries. She shook her head. "I'm going to pick you up, okay? Just let me know if you feel anything unusual." I had to get her away from the fire and the unstable walls surrounding us. "Wrap your arms around me." I bent and scooped her into my arms.
"I'm sorry," she murmured.
"What are you sorry for? You didn't cause this." It was a hazardous walk through the pile of rubble. I glanced down at her. "Did you?" I was joking.
She closed her eyes. "I hope not." She wasn't joking. Still, I knew that she'd had nothing to do with this. "Lulu and I were in the kitchen when it happened."
 I clenched my teeth as I thought about what could have happened to her, and on my watch. Anyone connected to the club knew the inherent risks, it was part of the MC culture, and most of us had grown up in it, but Raven was an outsider. She wasn't part of this shit, and I knew that she probably wouldn't understand. She could have been killed today, and fuck, she was my responsibility. In spite of my distrust of her, I was supposed to be doing a brother a favor. 
And I was only fooling myself if I believed that that was all that it was about.
Shit. It looked like the whole of Boulder City's finest had shown up. The cops were leading the fire truck and two ambulances. Whichever brother had called for an ambulance had probably warned them that there would be multiple casualties. It didn't surprise me to see the medical examiner's van pulling up in the rear. They often did when there was trouble that involved MCs. 
"My head hurts," Raven said in a small voice.
"I know, baby. You have a nasty looking gash." Christ, she was still bleeding slightly. We were nearing the spot where the other women who had survived were sitting together, and luckily, where the ambulances had pulled up.
"Why are you being so nice to me? Calling me ‘baby’ and everything."
I smirked at the mild humor in her tone. "I don't like to fail a brother who asked me for a favor. You dying wouldn't look good on my resume."
She snorted and then moaned, bringing her hand up to her head. "Oh. So, you were just scared that I'd ruin your reputation." Our eyes met. "Not that something bad might have happened to me."
I didn't want to tell her that she was wrong, that if something bad had happened to her I would have never forgive myself. Part of it was about the job, but not nearly all of it. I’d tried not to think about her at all, I’d tried to keep my distance, but fucking life just kept throwing us together.
She was waiting for a response. I could feel her eyes lingering on me. "Shut it, woman." I carefully lowered her to the ground next to Lulu, sparing a glance at the others. The women had gotten lucky. Except for some scrapes and bruises and being covered in dust, they appeared to be okay. As long as they didn't have any internal injuries they would probably just spend a night in the hospital for observation. 
Fisher had some bloody scrapes and burns. My gaze shot to where my brothers had gathered around the four bodies that we had lain together, one of which was burned beyond recognition. Two medical examiners were already heading in that direction. The cops were there, too. Demon glanced up and saw me, giving me a chin lift to come over. I gave Raven a last look before meeting him where he was talking to the cops.
I stared down at the charred body. Jesus, it was our VP, Tooly. Desert Rebels had taken a big hit today, and I knew that it meant that we would be going to war. Demon would not sit back and ignore this shit.
"So are you going to tell me that you don't know who did this, too?" one of the cops asked me in an irritated tone.
His nametag read ‘Deputy Jones’. 
"Wasn't here."
"The Desert Rebels has a lot of enemies?" Deputy White was staring down at the bodies.
I shrugged. I couldn't very well deny that when there were bullet holes in three of my dead brothers. I looked around casually for Bull and Riggs, wondering where they'd disappeared to. 
"We were at the new construction site down on Lake Mead when this went down."
I wasn’t sure how Demon kept his voice so devoid of emotion when I was ready to fucking explode. Looking at the faces of Sax, Colton, and LD revealed that they felt the same way. Rage burned in their eyes, their jaws set tight. We'd lost some good brothers, men some of us had known all of our lives. How the fuck had the Devil's Soldiers gotten close enough to do this kind of damage? We all had to be asking ourselves that. 
"Can you take a guess at who hates your MC this much?" 
The question was put to all of us. "Nope," I said when it appeared that Demon was ignoring White's question. He'd never had patience when it came to the cops and their questions. I knew that he was already planning what our next step would be for retribution.
"I suppose if we were to ask one of your women they wouldn't know anything either?" Jones seemed to have a one-track mind.
"Ask them whatever the fuck you want," said our president. The women wouldn't talk, even if they did know something. "And do whatever the fuck you need to do and then get off our property." He turned and walked off.
I exchanged looks with my brothers. They were careful not to let their faces reveal anything, but we were all taken aback that Demon had walked off. He and Tooly had been tight, and that, combined with the enormity of what had happened to our club today, had gotten to him. Fuck, we were human, too, and some shit was just too hard to deal with. Right now we were all raw. I knew Demon was more concerned with retribution than dealing with the cops.
"You feel the same way, too?" The third cop asked. 
I crossed my arms and glared at him. None of us liked the fucking cops. They were good at coming around with preconceived ideas that suited their agendas. We hadn't had many dealings with them because we tried to keep our noses clean.
"Do any of you know who this man is?" 
Tooly had been loaded onto a gurney and one of the examiner's was standing over him, inputting information on a tablet. 
"His name was Eddie Bouchard," Colton responded. He didn't offer anything else.
"What about the others?" a second examiner inquired from the back of one of the vans.
I motioned for Colton to go talk to him, and then turned back to the cop that I'd been conversing with. "Anything else?" Jones was walking around with one of the firemen. White had moved on to where the women were being examined. The wound on Raven's head was being cleaned and looked at, and I watched her wince as they poked and prodded her.
A strong feeling came over me when our eyes met, a feeling that I didn’t recognize and couldn't identify. A feeling that bothered me. Women in my world served two purposes--fun and relief. I had no doubt that I wanted Raven physically in the worst way, but what I wanted to do in that moment was take her into my arms and comfort her.
I didn't have time for that shit.
I couldn't afford to let a woman get under my skin.
"We'll just finish our investigation then."
The cop's voice pulled me back to him. Yeah, you do that, I thought to myself. But you won't get any information from any of us.
We dealt with our own trouble.
And we'd deal out our own punishment. 
Chapter 12


Raven



I leaned in close to the mirror to inspect my head. It had taken fifteen stitches to close up my wound. The doctor had said that I would have a scar, but that didn't worry me. It was at my hairline, and a few wisps of hair would cover it up. As I recalled all the trauma of that day, I felt saddened by the loss of life and all of the needless destruction. Everyone seemed tight-lipped about what had happened, but I had my own ideas about what had occurred. I wasn't naive.  
Two weeks had passed since the explosion had rocked the Desert Rebels. The MC had moved their clubhouse to the warehouse behind their ruined one while a new one was being built. It wasn't ideal, but served as a temporary fix. Since they owned their own construction company work on the new building began almost immediately once the old one had been plowed over. The warehouse-like building that now served as the clubhouse stored a lot of what looked like crap to me, along with bike parts. The room was dank and musty and smelled like motor oil, gas, and old tools. Someone had brought in stools and placed them in front of the workbench along the wall of the room, which now doubled as a hangout and bar. 
Several RVs had been brought in for the members and the girls who'd lived at the clubhouse. I was sharing one with Lulu. My job was to keep them clean, the laundry done, and to help out wherever else I was needed. Like today. We were all over at JoJo and Oz's house for a cookout. They had a huge backyard that resembled a small park, and had brought in smokers, grills, and picnic tables. 
"Yo! You almost done in there?"
I recognized Colton's voice, but when I opened the door my eyes rounded at the sight of him and Ellie, his old lady. She was running her hands all over the front of him, cooing and complimenting his masculinity. He had a big, stupid grin on his face as he winked at me. I avoided looking down, because the reason that they wanted inside the bathroom was obvious. Smiling, I stepped out of the small room, hearing the door shut behind me as I walked down the hallway.
JoJo had asked me to grab another roll of paper towels from beneath the sink on my way back outside. I opened the cupboard door, and as I was reaching for the roll I felt a presence move up behind me. I made a move to get out of the way, but I was too slow, and suddenly I found myself being crushed up against the counter.
"Hey, baby." I turned my head to see who it was, and winced at the sourness of his breath. "Been looking for you."
Junior! He'd been after me since I’d arrived at the clubhouse, and trying to avoid him had turned into a daily ritual.  When I was unable to avoid him completely, I tried to rebuff his advances without pissing him off. I'd known men like him from my experiences at the club that I’d worked at. I wasn't afraid of him, just annoyed, and I was certain that once he realized that I just wasn't interested in him that he would move on. I'd seen him with the club women enough to know that he slept with them. Maybe I was a challenge because I didn't cave to his advances.
He had me good and secure against the counter. "Junior—" I was sure that he could hear the frustration in my voice.
"Why don't you just give in? You know you want to." His arms were like prison bars on either side of me. I made the mistake of pushing my ass against him to try and make some space between me and the counter he was crushing me against. "You see, baby?" He nuzzled against my neck, misinterpreting my move. He ground his dick into me.
"Junior, you've got to stop this, I'm not interested in you like that." I was getting so tired of what I'd termed “the ambushes”, because that was what they were, and each time he seemed to be getting more physical. He was growing braver. "Please!" I ground out, struggling to move. 
He laughed at my helplessness. "Now that's what I like to hear a woman say." He began to move his hands to places that he had no right to touch.
Panic set in when I realized what he was doing, still telling myself that he would stop, because there were others around and someone could come into the kitchen at any time. The sounds of laughter, talking, and music filtered in from outdoors. The fact that Colton and Mitzi were in the bathroom next door gave me little relief. 
"Stop it!" I demanded when Junior's hands began to wander up the backs of my naked thighs. I'd borrowed some shorts from Lulu and they were barely decent. When I realized where his hands were heading, a burst of determination gave me the strength to twist around until we were facing each other. "I said ‘stop!’" 
He ignored me, laughing at my attempt to get away. It was clear the smell that I'd first noticed on his breath was alcohol. "Go find one of the club girls," I hissed, trying to keep his hands from wandering further.
"I want fresh pussy," he said crudely. "Their cunts are all stretched out."
I brought my knee up and hit him between the legs as hard as I could, which gained me instant freedom. He cried out and fell to the floor, clutching his balls. I scooted around him and made for the door, still clutching the paper towels. I rushed outside, my abrupt appearance drawing more than one look of interest. 
Without explanation, my gaze sought out Cole. He was sitting in a kind of half-circle with some of his brothers. Lately, it seemed as though they were always in some kind of meeting, crouched or crowded together, talking about club business. I knew instinctively that this was about more than the businesses they owned. It was about what had happened to their club the day of the attack. Often their conversations turned angry and animated, and Demon would remind them of where they were. Only then would they quiet down or disappear to somewhere more private. Most of the time, when their emotions didn't get the best of them, they were closed-mouthed.
Cole looked over at me and our gazes locked. I saw a frown appear between his brows, and I wondered if he saw more than what I wanted him to see. I didn't want to stir up trouble. My mom had taught my sisters and me to be strong, independent women, to take care of ourselves while knowing when to ask for help when necessary. Now was not one of those times. I had the situation with Junior under control.
When I saw Cole's gaze shift, I followed it. Junior chose that time to come outside. His gaze found me and his face turned red with the glare he pinned on me. I felt a second of fear at what his look implied, but then reminded myself that I was surrounded by people. He couldn't do anything. I chewed on the inside of my cheek to keep from smiling at the painful way that he limped away. Maybe now he'd leave me alone.
I glanced back at Cole, worried when I saw the growing anger on his face. He was trying to decipher what was going on between Junior and me, his gaze moving back and forth between us, before he seemed to come to his own conclusions. When he settled his eyes on me again I had a feeling that he'd guessed exactly what had happened between me and Junior before I'd come rushing out the kitchen door. He looked ready to explode.
 I forced a smile and turned toward where the cluster of picnic tables had been set up, setting the towels down next to the roll that was almost empty. 
"You want to tell me what the fuck went on with you and Junior?"
I jumped and let out a little squeak. Jesus, Cole moved fast for a big man! I smiled, hoping to erase the scowl from his whiskered face. "Nothing I couldn't handle." I kept my tone light and indifferent which did nothing to calm the storm brewing in his beautiful blue eyes.
"I know Junior. The only thing he cares about is money and pussy." 
I barely cringed, having gotten used to the foul language that the men used. 
"He bothering you?" Cole crossed his arms, stretching the t-shirt he was wearing tightly over his mouth-watering pecs. I loved the way the muscles in his arms flexed, how the blood-filled veins running along the length of them stood out.
The man was a true alpha in every sense of the word. It was more than just his looks. It was that he carried himself, the aura that he gave off that revealed that he was dangerous and deadly. I got the impression that Cole could handle anything that came his way. 
He'd been keeping his distance from me since the explosion, but when he was near my body came alive, yearning for his mouth on mine, his hands on my body. In the beginning I'd thought that he was as attracted to me as I was to him, but lately I'd begun to feel that his attraction to me had waned. It was either that, or he was very much in control of his baser desires. I didn't want to think about him with any of the other women, but I knew that that was the reality of the kind of life he lived, that they all lived. If they didn't have an old lady or sweetheart, they didn't hesitate to use their club women for sex.
I smirked. "Did you see the way he was walking?" 
His response was to raise a brow. 
"Let's just say that he got a little handsy and I thought he'd like to know what a knee in the balls felt like."
Cole threw back his head and roared with laughter, causing several heads to turn our way. I stared at him, mesmerized by the thickly corded muscles in his powerful throat as they worked. I'd never seen anything half as sexy, and suddenly I wanted to put my mouth on him, to sink my teeth into him so that he knew he was mine. The feeling left me stunned because that wasn't me. But I wanted it to be. 
"I'm glad to know you can take care of yourself," he grinned after a while.
"My mom taught all us girls to take care of ourselves," I explained. "And I have two brothers who gave us a crash course on where to hurt a man."
"I'm glad, but don't get too cocky with power just because you got one up on Junior. He thinks women can't resist him. I'm sure he wasn't expecting you to go after his family jewels."
I shrugged. "Next time he'll know better." I hoped that there wasn't a next time.
Cole's next cold words confirmed it. "There won't be a next time. My brothers know that you're off-limits."
Wait, what?  That explained a lot. I'd been wondering if I’d developed some invisible affliction or disease from the way that I was being ignored by the club men. When I showed up to clean they couldn't get out of their campers fast enough, and if they found themselves alone with me they always seemed to have something else to do that required them to get away from me. It was almost as if they were afraid of me. I thought I'd been imagining it, but now it all made sense. 
"What the hell, Cole? Is that why most of them are keeping their distance? They won't even ask me to dance during your parties. Why am I off-limits?"
"You're here temporarily, and they don't need the distraction right now. We have too much shit going on that we’re dealing with."
"So?" I slapped my hands on my hips, not liking the humor reflected in his eyes. He thought this was funny?
"So, I don't want any of my brothers getting too close to you and thinking they love you or something. Messes with their heads and causes all kind of trouble."
"And what about me?  I have needs, too. What if I'm looking for a little male attention, Cole?" I wasn't, but it irked me that he could just warn his brothers away from me without my permission. "Aren't the club women a distraction?"
"For sex, that's all. They provide the relief we need." He reached forward and played with a loose curl against my temple. "A girl like you’d be hard to let go of."
"What makes me so different? I can provide relief, too." What was I saying? I felt like I’d lost my mind, but I was mesmerized by the way Cole's lips moved when he spoke, by how smooth and full they were. Before I knew what I was doing, I was running my tongue along my bottom lip.
I heard Cole’s low growl, his hand stilling against my temple, and raised my eyes to the flickering fire in his. "Is that so?" he asked softly. 
My panties became soaked from the mere murmur of those three little words. I felt my breath hitch as arousal surged through my blood, turning it hot. It took several seconds for me to digest the hidden meaning behind his question, and longer to realize what my runaway tongue had spoken. I may as well have come out and offered myself to Cole. That's basically what I'd done, and his tone revealed that he was considering it. 
I couldn't pull my eyes away from his. The thought of being with Cole held my body captive with intense desire. Suddenly I was reminded of how long it had been since I’d been with a man. The last time had been with my ex, Carlos, because I was a good girl and I didn't do one-night-stands. I'd broken up with him five months before because he'd had a wandering eye that kept his wandering hands busy when I wasn't around. 
As I stood silently in front of Cole, so much time passed that I began to feel rejected, and then disappointed. Apparently, Cole didn't want me badly enough. Well, screw him. I'd make it easy for him. I was going to turn him down before he turned me down first.
I gave him what I hoped was a sexy smile. "It's a good thing I'm a good girl and don't fuck men just to fuck them."
His brows shot up, and I walked away, totally satisfied.  
Chapter 13


Cole


We were gathered for church in the makeshift bar in the warehouse, the bay doors closed because lately we’d been unable to keep our voices or our tempers down. We all wanted retribution against the Devil's Soldiers, and the plan was to hunt every last fucker down and kill them. A few years ago when we'd patched over their club, there were a few members that we'd turned away because they’d been wild cards. They were supposed to take off their colors and disappear. After everything that had happened in the last few weeks, it was obvious that those bastards were trying to put what was left of their club back together.
Demon threw back his whiskey and rubbed the spot between his eyes. He had too much shit going on at one time, but he was doing a good job juggling it all. Even I could see that not having an old lady helped him to stay focused, but I suspected that there was someone on his mind. He was making more and more trips to Crystal's Palace, trips that had nothing to do with the club’s potential purchase of the place. The final sale hadn't even gone through yet.
"First order of the day--we elect a new VP." Demon's voice sounded hard yet tired. 
"I say we vote in LD," Sax nominated.
A few of my brothers nodded in agreement. LD would make a good VP. He had a good head on his shoulders, and he was a lethal brother. He'd been with the Desert Rebels about as long as I had, fourteen years, joining after he'd been discharged from the Navy and his wife and son had died. No one really knew the details of his story because he didn't talk about it. He was a private man, but my gut told me he that he stayed silent about his past because it was too painful for him to talk about.
I threw in my vote. "I second that."
"What the fuck?" Junior swore angrily. "I lose out on taking over for my dad when you all know the president's chair was rightly mine. Now I don't even get considered for VP?"
"Are we going to have this fucking conversation every time we vote in a new officer?" Demon snarled. "It's not just about moving up in the ranks, brother. You have to earn the spot, too."
Some of my brothers snickered, but no one said a word because it wasn't necessary. Demon had made it clear that Junior didn't deserve the president or the VP's spot. Being Killer's son hadn't guaranteed him shit, though he felt entitled. Maybe one day, when he got his fucking priorities straight, he would amount to something. 
"I'm for LD for vice president," Riggs spoke up, looking right at Junior.
Murmurs of agreement went around the room. Junior sat back in his chair with a glaring scowl on his face, a prime example of why he wasn't ready for more responsibility.
"Okay, hands up if you want LD for VP."
With the exception of one, all hands shot up in the air. Junior sat pouting, but eventually he raised his hand. 
"Congrats, brother."
LD accepted the congratulations that sounded out with chin lifts and a slight quirk on his lips. There was gratitude in his brown eyes, and a promise that he wouldn't let his brothers down. 
 Oz got up and went to where LD was sitting. "Need your cut so JoJo can add the new patch." LD got up to slip it off. He was a big dude, almost six-foot-seven, and that made him tower over most of us. At five-foot-ten Oz looked tiny next to him. LD handed his cut over to Oz, and then flipped back his long, blonde ponytail.
Demon was ready to move forward. "We sign the papers for Crystal's Palace next Tuesday. I want LD, Sax, and Cole as witnesses. Once we take ownership, we'll leave things the way they are for now, until we take care of the Devil's Soldiers. They're our priority. I want every last one of those fuckers in the ground."
We all did. They’d put five of our brothers in the ground, and we deserved revenge. Three of them had been shot to death. The thought of my brothers lying helpless after the explosion as the Devil's Soldiers killed each of them execution-style made my blood boil. It showed what ruthless cowards they were. 
"Dancer and Blue don't have any ideas where they could be hiding," Reid said. Dancer and Blue were two of the Devil's Soldiers who’d been patched over a few years back with Colton. 
"Colton?" 
He gave me a head shake. "No fucking clue, brother."
"What about the others? Do we trust them?"
I raised my brows to Loco's question. "Yes we do, brother. They've proved their loyalty."
"Cole's right," Sax backed me up. "We put all those brothers through the ropes. They passed all the tests, and it's been fucking years."
"Should have made sure the fuckers we didn't patch over were in the ground. Taking their cuts didn't mean shit."
"What's done is done," Demon snapped at Junior's complaint. "Killer didn't want unnecessary killing, and we took a vote. Who knew the half dozen or so members who we didn't find good enough to be our brothers would start shit back up?" 
Bull snorted. "They don't have a fucking clubhouse. Could be anywhere."
"How do we know that?" Loco was sitting forward in a chair, his legs spread and his hands  resting on his knees. He was a calm brother most of the time, but when he lost his shit he went bat-shit crazy. His green Mohawk was spiked high enough to be a weapon on its own. "We don't know what the fuck they've been doing."
Bull shrugged. "Just a feeling, brother. Those fuckers we followed from the construction site seemed to know their way around those trails surrounding Lake Mead."
"There are a lot of dirt roads that lead to the lake that campers and boaters use," Reid added. "I've taken Ellie to the lake on some of those trails. My old lady, nothing but the stars in the sky and the sound of nature while we're fucking our brains out--there's nothing like it."
"Aw, didn't know you were such a romantic, asshole."
Some of my brothers laughed, and Colton received the finger from Reid, which prompted more laughter.
A snarl erupted from Demon. "So what does your hunch tell you, brother?" He narrowed his eyes on Bull. "They wouldn't have made the move on the clubhouse if they didn't think they were ready to take us on." He shook his head. "They're not hiding out in some fucking ravine."
Bull shrugged, meeting our president's eyes. "There are a lot of roads that dead end right up to Lake Mead, quiet, isolated areas. I think it's possible they've set up camp somewhere and have been lying low. Making plans." 
Demon's gaze shot to LD, silently encouraging his input. He was the VP now. He was a listener; he liked to digest shit before commenting. All eyes were on him now.
He took a breath and exhaled noisily. "I think it has merit. Why else haven't we caught wind of anything?"
I agreed. "Makes sense," I added. "I've been out to a couple of those areas. Good place to go if you want to be left alone." 
It grew quiet. Demon was tapping a finger against his mouth, a faraway look in his eyes that told me that he was thinking deeply. Slowly he began to nod, his eyes clearing as his gaze encompassed us all. "Oz has spent the last few days hitting up our contacts and getting nowhere." 
The bastards hadn't made an appearance since the attack, and we'd put off searching for the fuckers to make time to bury our brothers. 
"Colton, Reid, and Loco, I want you to check out those areas. Oz, you continue to hit our contacts. The rest of us will continue to work on the clubhouse. I want it done yesterday. We get a call from Smith they're ready for a roof to go up, we'll send the prospects." Smith was the general contractor of the housing development project we were working on. 
"Are they ready to go solo?" LD questioned, getting raised brows from Demon.
"You questioning my decision?" he glared.
LD wasn't known for backing down. "With respect, Prez, we all get a cut from the construction payouts, and word of mouth gets us work." He didn't need to elaborate any further. If the prospects screwed up on a roof, it would mean our reputation. LD had brought up a good point.
Demon thought about it for a moment before addressing the room. "Anyone here feel our prospects aren't ready to do a roofing job on their own?" 
"They can do the work," I replied, thinking of all the hours we'd spent training them. "But I'd feel better if one of us checked it over and made sure shit was good at the end of the day." A couple of brothers mumbled in agreement. 
"I can do it," Riggs offered.
"Fuck no, brother," Demon was quick to say. "Don't need you climbing a ladder with your bum leg. I don't want you or Bull up there until you’re completely cleared by the doc." 
I could see that Riggs wanted to argue. He'd just given up his crutches two days earlier but he was still limping along. He'd refused physical therapy, opting to rebuild the muscle damage and strength in his leg in his own, stubborn way. Bull seemed good, too, but once in a while I noticed him rubbing his arm and wincing when he pulled it a certain way. Fisher, it turned out, was in the worst shape. He was in the burn unit at Lions in Las Vegas.
"Oz will do the inspections." Oz acknowledged Demon with a chin lift. "Unless there's anything else, church is over."
I pinned my gaze on Junior, thinking that now would be a good time to remind my brothers that Raven was off-limits, but I wanted to deal with the little fucker on my own. I'd been busy since the cookout, and he hadn’t been around. Now was the perfect time to set him straight. I kept my mouth shut with everyone else and someone opened the bay door so we could leave. As my brothers exited the building I made my way to Junior and put a hand on his arm to hold him back.
"Need to talk to you, brother." He stopped and we waited until we were the only two left in the room. I got straight to the point. "Leave Raven the fuck alone, or your balls won't be the only thing that gets action."
"So she went running straight to you? Complained I tried to get into her pants?" 
I saw fucking red at his admission and wanted to punch his smirk right off his fucking face. I shook my head. "No. She didn't need to." I clamped my hand tighter around his arm until I saw the tiniest twitch of his eye revealing that I was hurting him. "This is the only warning you'll get from me, brother." 
Junior knew better then to ignore my warning, or to goad me by throwing it back in my face. I hadn’t made it to enforcer by being nice. I knew how to interrogate people, how to get them to let their guard down right before I plunged in the knife. I didn't show mercy. I didn't give second chances. Junior was a poor excuse of a brother, and the only reason we kept him in the MC at all was out of respect for Killer.
I let him jerk his arm free, and grinned as he stomped away. 
Chapter 14


Raven


I stepped out of the shower and reached for a towel. As I'd hoped it would, the shower had revived me enough that I was actually looking forward to a night out. I'd accepted Holly's invitation to a girls' night with the old ladies. In three weeks I'd gotten to know them well. They were all very sweet and friendly. The whole MC was like one big family, and while the new clubhouse was being built they brought food for dinner every night. On the weekends they took turns hosting cookouts at their homes. 
I slipped into the dress that I'd borrowed from JoJo. They'd all been kind in offering to help out with clothes, but JoJo was closest to my size. Even her shoes fit. As I got ready for the night out, I decided that I might need to make another trip into Boulder City to do some more shopping. We'd all gone after the fire, but I'd just grabbed the basic necessities. I'd also had to purchase another phone.
The dress was tight spandex and clung to my every curve, leaving a good amount of cleavage exposed. It was shorter than I would have liked; it barely covered my ass. I hadn't wanted to insult JoJo, or any of the girls, when I'd tried on the dresses they’d brought earlier in the day. The others were too long, too big and loose, or the color didn't go with my skin tone. Her little black cocktail dress had been the best option.
I had to admit that I felt pretty being all dressed up again. I'd pulled my hair up and secured it with a decorative silver comb. Large, silver hoop earrings and a matching bracelet completed the look that I was going for. 
"Oh, my God, you're stunning!" Lulu gasped upon entering the small RV that we shared. 
"Thank you." I gave her a thorough look. "You look pretty hot yourself." She always did.
She laughed. "The boys like lots of boobage and spandex. I'm hoping to score with LD tonight. There's just something about that tall, big hunk of eye candy that gets my juices flowing." 
I smiled at her enthusiasm. It appeared that she was going out, too, but I knew that she was dressed for the members of the club. At the end of the day, they all gathered in the warehouse to drink and party with the girls. I would often join them, but when things started getting too sexual I'd leave. Not because I was uncomfortable, but because what I witnessed turned me on. 
Besides, I didn't want to watch Cole getting it on with any of the girls. So far I'd been lucky, and I’d started to wonder if he was getting it somewhere else. The girls were known for announcing their nightly conquests, and I had yet to hear his name mentioned. I tried not to think about Cole at all, and most of the time that worked, because I kept busy. But sometimes I would catch a glimpse of him, and then I couldn't get him out of my mind. The nights were the worst.
"You don't do girls' night with the old ladies?"
She snorted. "Are you kidding? You think the old ladies want us around, knowing that we've been with their men? They tolerate us here because they have to, but they don't socialize with us."
I would have been embarrassed for my insensitivity if Lulu hadn't responded so flippantly about it. "Sorry, I didn't think of that."
She waved me off. "Nothing to be sorry about, honey. Well, I just stopped in to grab a box of condoms. Have a good time!"
I chuckled. "You, too." I went to the door with her.
Once she was gone, and I stood at the top of the steps I looked out at the grounds. Bull was still on so-called protection duty and was going to take me to Boulder City to meet the girls. Apparently their investigation of me had been put on hold due to everything else that was going on with the club. Several of the men were walking toward the warehouse, smoking as they went along. One long wolf whistle drew my gaze to where a shirtless Colton had stepped around the corner of the new clubhouse. He had a huge grin on his tired, dirty face and was giving me a thumbs-up.
"Looking hot, sweetheart!" he called out.
"Thanks!" I hollered back, smiling. I tugged my dress down because his gaze seemed to be focused on my legs. As I did I heard another round of whistles and a series of catcalls that curled my ears due to the explicit nature of them. Like any other woman I liked being on the receiving end of a compliment or a long, appreciative look that spoke volumes and made me feel wanted. But these men took it to a whole other level. They weren't known for holding back when it came to expressing how they felt or what they wanted. 
I saw Cole before he saw me. He'd been working on the clubhouse all day. He was covered in dust and sweaty-looking, his long hair damp against his wide shoulders. I licked my lips at how oh-so-sexy he looked in faded jeans that fit tightly to his muscular thighs, showing the thickness and strength as he moved. He was shirtless, his chest and abs glistening with sweat from work. Lordy, lordy what the sight of that man did to my libido. 
It wasn't fair.
I couldn't look away as I imagined all sorts of dirty things that I wanted him to do to me. I willed him to look my way, and then finally he did. His steps faltered and I smiled at the interest in his eyes as they moved over me. I grew hot at the way his gaze lingered on my bare legs, but it was the searing look on my breasts that lit an inferno inside me. Excitement zinged through my body when he pivoted my way, his long legs eating up the distance between us in seconds.
I swallowed nervously, looking down at Cole from the top step.
"Fuck, woman, you look good enough to eat," his deep tone grated. The appreciation reflected in his eyes felt like a physical caress against my skin, leaving me breathless. "Where you off to?" 
"Bull is taking me to Boulder City. I'm meeting the old ladies for a girls' night." I finally gave up my attempt to try to keep my eyes off his magnificent body. If he could eat me up with his eyes, I could do the same with him. My girly parts were tingling with the need to know what it would feel like up against Cole's hard muscles. I made the mistake of lowering my gaze to the bulge at the front of his pants, surprised to see that he had a hard-on. As if on cue, his cock throbbed hard against his zipper. My pussy responded with a gush of pure arousal, and my eyes flew back up to Cole’s.
"Is that so?" His smirk told me that he'd caught me ogling him. "I don't know if it's safe turning you loose on the unsuspecting male population of Boulder City." His lips quirked with humor, the look in his eyes purely predatory.
"Afraid I'll corrupt them?"
He shook his head. "Afraid Bull is going to have his hands full fending off your admirers."
I laughed huskily. "Maybe I don't want him to fight them off. Maybe I'm looking to get laid tonight." Slightly shocked at my own boldness, I let a moment pass for my words to sink in. 
I knew that Cole wasn't a man you messed with, and the look that came over his face indicated that he wasn't happy with my comment. I didn’t know what had compelled me to say what I had; maybe I’d wanted to push him into something other than the cool indifference that cloaked him every time we interacted. I wanted a more honest reaction out of him, something that held more fire. 
Something he couldn't extinguish.
"Not going to happen," he grated after a while.
He sounded possessive as hell. A thrill traveled down my spine, because I wanted to believe this was turning personal between us, that Cole didn't like the thought of me with another man because he wanted me for himself. "You never know," I laughed, pretending that I thought he was kidding. "I've had a pretty long dry spell." Somehow I managed to keep the smile on my face.
"Not. Going. To. Happen." 
With each word he took a step up until I was forced back into the RV. The door shut behind Cole, bouncing off the back of him. His large presence filled the small area, and before I knew it I'd backed all the way into the bedroom, stopping only when the backs of my knees came up against the foot of the bed.
A sudden image of the two of us naked and twisting on the bed flashed in my mind, causing me to go weak in the knees. I caught my breath. "Wh-what are you doing?" The laugh that rushed up my throat revealed my nervousness. My heart was racing. I wasn't afraid of Cole; I was unprepared for the intensity of excitement surging through my body.
His smirk held little humor. "Making sure that's not going to happen." He stepped right up to me. 
"And just how are you going to do that?" I challenged him with an arched brow. I breathed in deeply, the sweat and the dirt, the musk that clung to him strangely erotic. I whimpered, and he hadn't even touched me yet. I fought the impulse to just lie back on the bed to see what he was going to do, but the possibility of his rejection held me in place.
His crooked smile, the hunger gleaming in his eyes, turning them dark, caused my pulse to race. He moved in slowly. "By doing this." His hand curled around the back of my neck and he pulled me in, crushing his mouth down on mine.
My core clenched.
I melted against him like ice cream on a hot surface, moaning beneath his lips and giving him total control. My heart rate soared, my senses overloaded in an instant. Cole's mouth was rough in his passion, working mine open so he could thrust his tongue against mine. This was no casual kiss. It felt as if Cole were staking a claim and owning my mouth. It was the kind of kiss that led to hot, all-consuming sex that left you sweaty and exhausted.
 I felt a hand slide around my waist, holding me tightly, and then it was falling to my ass and squeezing. He grunted, his cock throbbing against me strongly as his kiss turned into nibbling and sucking until my lips were wet and deliciously swollen. 
I pushed my hips into his, marveling at the size and strength of his erection. The fact that Cole wanted me was an aphrodisiac, feeding a need buried deep in my core and coaxing it out. My panties were soaked, my clit was pulsing. My blood was on fire, and when he went to pull away I was the one that latched on, biting down on his lower lip.
He grunted, his hand kneading a cheek of my ass roughly. "You're going to pay for that," he grated when I released him. 
There was a tap at the door, and then it was opening. "You ready, Raven?"
We didn't jerk apart when we were interrupted by Bull’s abrupt arrival, but stood silently, breathing hard and staring at each other. I ran my tongue over my bottom lip, watching Cole's gaze drop there. The look of arousal on his dark face was raw, almost primal. Beautiful. He looked like a man about to lose control. 
Slowly he stepped back. "Have fun tonight. Dance. Drink. But you fucking come home to me, am I clear?"
Perfectly. I could only nod, slightly dazed. I could do that. I didn't know if I'd have fun thinking about him and that kiss all night, or all the other spine tingling responses he'd wrung from my body, but I would try. 
He walked away, stopping to mumble something to Bull, and then he was gone.


****

Cole


No one touches her. Those had been the words that I'd uttered to Bull on my way out of Raven's RV. His response had been to jerk his head back to meet my eyes, and I could tell that he'd been trying to determine how serious I was. It took only a second for him to acknowledge my low demand with a chin lift. Good. I wouldn't have to worry about some man touching her, trying to get inside her panties, which I was sure were soaked by our hot kiss. It had been hot. Scorching hot. With the way I was feeling, I was going to make sure that no one was going to have the privilege of fucking Raven while I was around.
Not while I wanted her.
We'd been skirting around each other since she'd arrived. I was positive she'd felt the same attraction. After tonight, I didn't know what was going to keep me away from her. She'd taken my fucking breath away, looking like an innocent angel as she’d stood in front of me, dressed to kill, sending out a subtle challenge to me. She was so fucking beautiful. My dick had gotten hard instantly, leading me right to her.
I knew that I had to calm down. I liked rough sex. Fuck, I thrived on it, and the club whores knew how to take it. The way that my kiss with Raven had started out wasn't me, but I'd pushed back the monster that had wanted to just take her mouth and leave it bruised. The little control that I'd lost hadn't frightened Raven, though, and that was a fucking good sign.
 I hadn't fucked one of the club women since Raven had come on the scene. I'd convinced myself that it was because of all the shit the club had been dealing with, but I knew I was lying to myself. None of the club whores’ used up pussies tempted me when I wanted Raven, and not just because she was fresh meat. There was something different about the girl. I'd seen it when I’d first laid eyes on her, and when she’d opened her mouth and that sultry heat had come out, the sensual sound had reached something deep inside.
I wanted her like a fiend. I wanted my mouth on her, my hands, my dick inside that pussy. My brothers had heeded my warning to stay away from her, and some of them had probably guessed the selfish reasons for my demand. I didn't give a fuck. The ones with old ladies knew exactly why I’d made her off-limits. They'd all been through their own personal hell when they'd met their women. Hell, Sax was still working through shit with Holly over the whole baby issue.
I didn’t want Raven as an old lady. I just wanted her.
I entered the warehouse with the intention of winding down with a few drinks. It was clear what the other brothers were up to. Chewy, Riggs, and Loco were sitting down at the end of the work bench, shooting the shit and, by the looks of it, getting wasted. Mitzi was with them, making sure that they were all getting equal attention. Junior was sucking on Cherry's tits, the hand under her skirt working furiously between her legs. Lulu was sitting with LD over in a corner, and I could tell that she was working really hard to get his dick. She would have been better off hitting up another brother for what she wanted, because LD looked like he was already lost in alcohol.
The brothers with old ladies were absent, which was usual on a week night. Demon was nowhere to be seen either. He’d probably made the trip to Crystal's Palace again. I would be glad when we were done with the new clubhouse, because the warehouse was inadequate for what we were using it for. I aimed for the makeshift bar and helped myself to the tequila, pouring myself a generous portion.
I threw it back, enjoying the burn as it glided down my throat and hit my belly. A few more of these and I'd head back to my RV for the night. I'd stopped there earlier for a shower, had rubbed one off while thinking about Raven, gotten dressed, and then stopped at the trailer that we used for cooking and laundry. The old ladies had decided to make tacos, and I wolfed down several before going to the warehouse.
"You look tired, baby."
I was tossing back drink number two when I heard Tamara's voice next to me. I shot her a disinterested glance. "Not in the mood." Usually that tone was all it took to get a girl to walk away, but Tamara wasn't like the other club girls. I poured myself another drink, wondering what Raven was doing at that moment. "Fucking tired." We'd been busting our asses getting the clubhouse built as quickly as possible.
"I bet," she cooed close to my ear, moving behind me. The next thing I felt were her hands on my shoulders. "Let me work out some of the kinks."
Why the fuck not? I let her massage my shoulders and back, groaning when she hit a particular muscle that needed what she was giving me. 
"You are tight." 
There wasn't much strength in her hands, but it was better than nothing. What I needed was a deep tissue rub, but I'd settle for booze and weed. "Who's got the weed?" I could smell it.
"Here, brother." 
Loco passed a joint down to me. I took a couple of hits and passed it back.
"There's other ways of working out stress, baby," Tamara whispered into my ear, her hands still massaging me. "Why don’t we go to your trailer?"
I considered her offer, only because I was horny as fuck over Raven and I knew that fucking Tamara would take the edge off. Tamara was good with her hands and mouth, she knew how rough I liked it, and she delivered. She had a little bit of kink in her, too. She was open to bondage and golden showers. I hadn't done that particular act with her, but plenty of my brothers had.
My dick was about to pound right threw my fucking pants. I'd rubbed a few off thinking about Raven in the last few weeks--what would be the difference if I thought about her while I fucked Tamara?  I threw back my third drink and the next thing I knew, Tamara’s hand was at my zipper. She knew me well enough to know that my hesitation gave her a good chance of persuading me.
She put her mouth against my ear, her hand massaging my hard dick through my pants. "Come with me, baby. I know you've not been taken care of lately. Let me make you feel good."
The alcohol and weed were working, turning my brain numb and my thoughts muddled. The hand rubbing my dick felt fucking good, familiar, but I didn't want familiar. I wanted her hand to be Raven's. But I needed relief. I needed to feel the rush of spilling my cum. That was a familiar I could deal with. 
All I had to do was close my eyes and think of Raven.
I groaned, disgusted with my thoughts. Why the fuck did I feel that I needed to think of her to get off when I was with another woman? That was all kinds of fucked up. I was a free man. I owed loyalty to no one, except my brothers. Wanting Raven didn't mean that I couldn't fuck someone else. That's what we did. We fucked whoever we wanted, whenever we wanted, and we moved on. No fucking strings. No attachments. 
My gut said that things would be different with Raven. 
"Come on, baby, you know I can make you feel so good." She was tugging at my ear with her teeth. "I always do." 
Not going to happen. I remembered my words to Raven and snorted.  
"You want me to do you here?" She sank to her knees between my legs, trying to work my pants open in a kind of desperation. I stared down at the top of her white hair, and then further down to the tits hanging out of her skimpy top, but when she looked up at me her eyes weren't the ones that I wanted to see. There was a knowing gleam of triumph there, revealing a woman who was pleased with herself, possibly thinking that she had won. I hadn't touched her in weeks, and she'd finally worn me down.
Not going to happen.
I brushed her hands away, ignoring her surprised gasp. "Go find another brother," I said in a hard tone. "Not going to happen."
Her mouth dropped open for a second before she pulled herself together and got to her feet in a huff. She knew better then to cause a scene, but if looks could kill, I'd have been six feet under.
Someone laughed. "Come down here baby, you can suck my dick." It was Loco.
Tamara continued to glare at me, willing me with her eyes to change my mind. When I didn't she turned and stalked down to Loco, knowing that she couldn't deny him. If she didn't like her purpose for being at the club, she knew where the door was. 
That was the fucking problem with club sluts. They couldn't get it through their heads that just because they were at our beck and call didn't mean that they had a shot at becoming someone's old lady.
I threw back another shot and headed to my bed. 
Chapter 15


Raven


I'd needed this, getting away from Desert Rebels' compound and having a night of fun, even if Bull was sitting off to the side, keeping his eyes on me. He obviously took his job seriously. It amused me that a few women had approached him to dance. Why wouldn't they? Bull was a handsome man, but he steadfastly refused each one, staying in his chair and drinking his beer. Only once had I seen him leave his chair, and I assumed that he’d gone to the men's room. 
Eventually I forgot that he was there, giving myself over to the activities of the night. I was sipping vodka cranberry, enjoying The Black Eyed Peas’ I got a Feeling, and watching Ellie and Holly dancing together in the cluster of twisting, gyrating bodies. Ellie was Reid's old lady, a soft-spoken, southern gal from Georgia who taught fourth grade and reminded me of a curvy Reese Witherspoon. Her straight blond hair and bangs framed a heart-shaped face and blue eyes.
"Whew! That bartender is soooo hot!" Annie, Colton’s old lady, gushed as she returned to our table with another drink. She was fanning herself with a napkin. When the server had come along and asked if we’d needed anything, she'd purposely kept her mouth shut so that she would have an excuse to go to the bar. 
"Not as hot as Colton," JoJo reminded her with raised brows.
Annie shot JoJo an exasperated look as she was sitting down. "You don't have to remind me that I have an old man," she said. "I'm just looking. And do you think our men don't look when they're in a room with beautiful women?"
JoJo laughed. "Point taken." She sipped her drink.
Annie was an extravert. She loved being the center of attention, and was overly friendly to just about everyone. She worked at a gym, which I imagined helped her keep her hour-glass shape, and was probably one of the reasons that she kept her brown hair pixie short--it was low maintenance. It was a cute style on her. 
Despite her outgoing, flirtatious nature, I knew that she was crazy about Colton. I'd seen them together more than once, and they could never keep their hands off each other. It was obvious they loved each other. I had learned early on from observing the relationships within the club that these women loved their men unconditionally, and they trusted them. Listening to their conversations, seeing them with their men, made me yearn for what they had.
And that yearning made my mind drift to Cole. Our last interaction had almost sent me up in flames. The man sure knew how to kiss, and he was good with his hands. I found myself fantasizing about what sex with him would be like. Just imaging his cock slipping inside me made my pussy clench with need and drench my panties. I only hoped that his last words to me hadn't been said impulsively in a moment of unquenched lust. It hit me that I'd walked away from a horny, unfulfilled man.
Horny men and club sluts were a perfect match. Chances were that he would no longer be horny by the time I returned to my RV.
"It doesn't bother anyone that they have club women around them when you're not there?" I asked. Holly and Ellie had just returned to the table, but my question was directed at JoJo. She was the oldest in the group, and she had also been an old lady the longest.
In spite of the loud music surrounding us, our table grew momentarily quiet. 
"Well, speaking for myself, it did bother me in the beginning. Not because I didn't trust Oz, because I do. But those sluts are just that--sluts. They dress and act the part twenty-four-seven, and I hate the reason that they're there."
"I had a problem with it in the beginning, too," Holly admitted. "Well, I kind of still do. That bitch Tamara was a real pain in my ass at the beginning of my relationship with Sax."
Ellie was swaying slightly to the music. "She's so obvious in what she wants." 
"And she's persistent," Annie added, reaching for her drink. "But that didn't get her anywhere with Colton," she smirked. "Once he had a taste of me. That's the key. Give the man you want a taste, and he'll keep coming back for more."
The girls laughed. "That only works if he's into you," Holly cautioned, giving me a look that made me worry that she suspected something. "If he's just in it to screw you, then that's all you'll get. After he adds you to another notch on his bed post, it's bye-bye."
"Why are you looking at me?" I asked innocently.
She laughed. "Honey, you're the only one here who doesn't have an old man. We already claimed ours."
I frowned, reaching for my drink. "I still don't know why you're looking at me." Only I did. God, was my infatuation with Cole that obvious?
Ellie's southern drawl was soft and sweet. "Don't feel bad, Raven. It was the same way for me in the beginning. I was so attracted to Reid, the big, bad-ass biker. He resisted me every step of the way. They're all convinced that having an old lady will make them weak, so they run the other way when they see us coming."
"Yeah. They seemed to know before we did that we were ‘The One,’," Annie said, holding up air quotes.
"We know you're interested in Cole," Holly chimed in smugly, her tone daring me to refute it.
My eyes grew round in an effort to convince them of my innocence. "What? No—"
"And we know he's smitten with you."
I burst out with laughter. "’Smitten?’"
"Wrong word, Ellie," JoJo corrected with a grin. "He's in lust with her."
I shook my head and opened my mouth to deny it, then asked myself why I would. If they'd guessed that I was attracted to Cole, what was the sense in playing stupid? I was attracted to him.
"Our men talk to us, you know." Annie rose to her feet. "This is my favorite band. I'm going to dance."
I had completely tuned out the music. I exhaled loudly. "Well, maybe I'm in lust with him, too, and that's all it is."
"You two haven't…yet?"
I knew exactly what Ellie was asking. I felt heat crawl up my neck. "No."
"It's sex, Ellie. Screwing. Fucking. Bumping pee pees."
Bumping pee pees? I burst into laughter.
Ellie waved JoJo off. "I was trying to be a lady."
This time Holly was the one snickering. "You can't be a lady and still be with one of the Desert Rebels, Ellie. You should know that by now. Those boys are filthy, lust-crazed animals." Her gaze moved to me. "Just be forewarned, honey, don't expect candy and flowers from Cole if he makes a move on you." 
I was pretty sure he already had, earlier that evening, but I didn't say so. In fact, he'd made a couple of moves on me since we'd met, but he always managed to pull away before it went too far.
"They don't do that lovey dovey crap. They're rough and hard in bed, just like they live their lives," Holly continued. 
I was okay with rough and hard. Lord, all this talk about sex was making me horny. I felt like I should get out on the dance floor and work out some of the hunger in my blood. 
"Colton is an animal in bed," Ellie admitted with a dreamy look on her pretty face.
"When you're bumping pee pees?" JoJo got to her feet. "I've got to go to the little girl's room."
That left Ellie, Holly, and me at the table. 
"Something to look forward to." Holly shot me a wink.
"I don't know. Cole goes out of his way to avoid me."
"That's because he's scared, honey." I looked at Ellie for her to elaborate. "He knows that you're different, and it scares him because he wants you. He probably knew it the minute he looked into your eyes." 
I thought back to our first meeting, wondering if that’s what he had thought when he’d looked at me. 
"It's hard to know what they're thinking when they first meet you, they give off that tough, outlaw vibe."
That was the truth. Most of the men seemed to walk around with the same intense expressions, making them appear callous and distant, at least until you got to know them. I glanced over at Bull, looking for an example that would confirm this. Yep. Same stern, unapproachable face as the rest of them as he stared out at the crowd. Feeling my eyes on him, his gaze shifted to me, softening a little.
It occurred to me that I could easily be attracted to Bull. He had that bad-ass biker vibe down to a tee. He was big and solid, and his scar made him scary-looking, but when he smiled it made all the difference. Too bad I was already smitten by another biker. One who was even more dangerous.
I wondered if Cole was waiting for my return. He'd said that I was to come back to him. Did he expect me to go to his RV when I got back? Would I have the nerve to? I knew the answer to that without having to think about it. I didn't have that kind of confidence. And if I did, and then found him in bed with another woman? It would devastate me. Why leave myself open to that kind of hurt, that kind of rejection? No, it would be better if I just went to my own RV. If he wanted to continue where we'd left off, he knew where to find me. 


****

Cole


It was midnight when Bull texted me to say that he and Raven were on their way home. It would be another hour before they arrived. I debated about whether or not I would  just forget about the fucking hard-on I'd had since she'd left and let her go to her trailer to sleep. Fuck that. I was in fucking pain from wanting her so badly, and I wasn't going to get any sleep fantasizing about her and that curvy body, naked and in my bed. 
I lay in bed with one arm over my eyes, wondering what her reaction was going to be when Bull dropped her off at my RV. He'd texted me several times while they'd been out, had even sent me a picture of Raven out on the dance floor. That hadn't helped my predicament. Several times I'd reached for my dick, curling my hand around it and giving it a few jerks, but then I'd quit because I didn't want to waste my load on my belly and thighs.
She was a fucking goddess in that clinging dress, but I couldn't wait to peel it from her body. No, fuck that, I would rip it off her. Those stilettos made her killer legs go on for fucking miles, legs that I wanted wrapped around me while I was pounding my dick into her. In the photo her messy bun was even sexier falling halfway down around her neck as she wound her arms up over her head and moved her hips to the music. 
Christ. Another inch, and she would expose that sweet triangle-shaped spot between her legs. I wondered what kind of underwear she was wearing.
Once again the urge to reach inside my boxers and squeeze my throbbing dick to relieve some of the pressure was strong. Fuck. When I glanced down, the big mother fucker was pushing against the cotton, and I could clearly see the wet spot that had formed from my pre-cum. I shook my head. I couldn't remember the last time I’d been this horny. The first time I fucked Raven was not going to be slow and sweet. Hell, I didn't do that anyway. 
A light flashed through the opened curtains at my window, and I knew that Bull had returned. I practically jumped from the bed and headed toward the door, pushing it open. He was just parking the truck and turning it off. I saw him jump from the cab, but he wasn't the one I was interested in. I walked toward the truck in my bare feet, keeping my eyes on the passenger side door. It opened, and a pair of sexy legs came into view. I hurried over, pretty damned sure that Raven had forgotten how high up she was.
"Oh!" she half-gasped, half-laughed when I appeared out of the dark. I could see the glitter of her eyes, the white of her teeth. "You scared me!" she said breathlessly.
She couldn't get out of the truck because I had her trapped. I was so fucking close to snapping, it was a miracle that I didn't spread her thighs and take her right then and there. Bull disappeared without having to be told, I could see him walking away out of the corner of my eye. I grinned up at Raven, setting my hands on her bare knees.
"Spread those legs, baby, and hop on." I didn't give her much of a choice, spreading them for her and pulling her against me. "I've waited long enough for you." I wondered if she knew that my wait for her had started long before tonight. I knew that what we were about to do could complicate shit, but right then I didn't give a fuck. I was tired of denying myself what I wanted.
Giggling, Raven wrapped her legs around my waist. "Now this is service," she teased, and I could smell the alcohol on her breath.
She held on tight as I took the few short steps back to my trailer. I paused long enough to kiss her at the bottom step, growling into her eager, hot little mouth. Her fingers threaded through my hair, nails scraping my scalp as our tongues dueled. We were both breathing hard when the kiss was over.
"That was nice," she husked against my mouth.
Yeah, fucking nice, I thought with a growl. "There's more where that came from," I promised deeply. A lot more. I opened the door and let it slam shut behind me as I headed straight for my bedroom. Normally a bed was the last place I took a woman, preferring them bent over the back of a couch or up against the wall, but those options weren't available in these small RVs. 
We reached my bed. Raven seemed to sense what I wanted and lowered her legs until her feet were planted firmly on the ground. I was reluctant to release her, keeping her flush against my aroused body by sliding my hands up the backs of her thighs and grabbing her ass. I thrust my dick against her, closing my eyes and groaning low at how fucking good it felt.
"Cole!" 
My eyes snapped open at her breathless whimper. 
I caught the emotion in her voice and froze. "Raven, there's some things I need to tell you before we go any further." This was why I didn't fuck civilians. With club sluts, I didn't have to make sure that they understood the no-strings rules.
"Cole," she began with slight humor in her tone. "I'm a modern woman. I don't need you to go over the rules. We're two consenting adults about to have sex." She took a breath. "If this is the only time, it's the only time." 
She sounded convincing but I frowned, not ready to believe what I was hearing. It couldn’t be that easy. "And you're okay with that?" Hell, I wasn't sure if I was okay with that. Not coming from her. 
She shrugged, running her soft hands over my chest. "You'll be my first one-night stand, but what's the big deal?"
It was hard concentrating with her hands on me. I was done talking anyway. I slammed my mouth down on hers, causing her nails to bite sharply into my flesh. I kissed her until I had my fill, until her lips were swollen and wet, and she was panting. "Take off your fucking dress." I didn't trust myself not to hurt her by ripping it off her.
"Unzip me." She turned and presented me with her back. 
The zipper went from the top of her dress down to the top of her shapely bottom. I slipped my hands inside where the material fell away, sliding around to her belly and then up to cup her tits. Holy fuck, they were firm and full, yet soft as satin, and so warm. I tugged on her nipples until they were little pinpoints of raised flesh. She sucked in her breath, arching her back and thrusting her tits into my palms.
I leaned in and began to kiss the side of her neck, and then followed the line of her back down to the dimples above her ass. I brought the dress with me, and finally let it float to the floor, exposing all of Raven to my hungry eyes. Seeing the thin, silky string of her thong between the perfect moons of her ass nearly undid me. With one hand on her waist to hold her where I wanted her, I leaned in and bit one cheek while my other hand moved between her legs and tore her thong away.
The scent of her sex blew me away. I nibbled at her other cheek, dipping my finger between the soft, wet lips of her pussy. She trembled wildly, sucking in her breath. "Spread your legs, baby." She did as I asked, making room for me to tease her clit. "Sweet Jesus, you're so fucking wet," I grunted against the smooth flesh of her ass. 
"For you," Raven whispered in a shaky tone.
"Turn around," I demanded gruffly, helping her. My gaze zeroed in on her plump, pink cunt. It was clean shaven like I liked, and I could see the slick moisture glistening at the slit. I inhaled deeply, and then buried my face right where all the fucking goodness was. Raven stumbled back slightly, but my hands at her waist kept her from falling to the bed.
"God, Cole that feels so good!" Her hands fell to my head.
My tongue speared between the seam of her pussy and dove inside, tasting her slick cream and lapping it up. I wanted it all. "Mine. All mine," I grated like a possessive fucker. "Sweet, Raven, so fucking sweet." I wanted her to come, licking and sucking at her clit without mercy. Her hips bucked when I buried a finger deep inside her, and she whimpered and held my head tightly against her. As if I'd want to leave her sweet cunt. No, I was claiming this prize as mine. I was going to own it before the night was over.
I was going to own all of her.
I added another finger to her wet cunt, feeling her clamp tightly around the digits. Her heavy panting came faster. I grinned around her clit, recognizing the signs. I worked my fingers faster, deeper, and sucked on her clit, pulling it inside my mouth and pinching it with my lips. 
"Cole!" Her whole body quivered.
She was going to come, and I was going to be right there to take it all. It had been a damned long time since I'd gone down on a woman, and I was enjoying the hell out of the taste of her, her musky scent filling my lungs. Curling my fingers, I reached for her sweet spot, and that's when she really began to move. 
"Come for me, baby," I encouraged, tonguing her swollen nub. I felt the pre-cum dripping from my dick and soaking my boxers. 
"Cole!"
She clamped around my fingers and I knew she was coming. I pulled my fingers out of her convulsing cunt and replaced them with my tongue. I wanted it all, every last drop. I almost spilled my seed when the taste of her orgasm flooded over my tongue, warm and thick. I groaned through her soft cries and held her tightly against my mouth so that she couldn't pull away. She rode out her release against the slurping sounds of my mouth.
I didn't give Raven time to come down completely. I wanted her still sensitive and breathless when I slid my dick inside her. I gave her a shove and she fell back upon the bed, too exhausted to protest or care. Grinning, I got to my feet, removed my boxers, and came down on top of her.
"I'm going to fuck you hard and fast, baby," I said, close to her lips. "You won't be able to walk tomorrow without thinking of me between your legs." She shivered and moaned. "Tell me you're on something." I wanted her bare. Nothing between us. I wanted to feel skin on skin, heat on heat.
"I am," she whispered. "But—"
"No fucking buts." I took my dick in my hands and ran the head up and down her slit. "I swear I'm clean. You trust me?"
She nodded. "But—"
"Tonight you're mine. Tonight I own you." I couldn't wait any longer. I lined up my dick and penetrated her in one, hard plunge, all the way in until I was balls deep, slamming my mouth down on hers at the same time to stifle her cry.
Heaven. It was fucking heaven.
Chapter 16


Raven


Oh. My. God. I couldn't stop the scream from rising up my throat at the shock of Cole's cock thrusting into me. The burn and sting of my body adjusting to his girth and length took me a couple of minutes to get used to. There wasn't anywhere inside of me that I couldn't feel him, he bumped right up to my cervix. He continued to grind his mouth down on mine, his cock pulsing strongly inside me, adding longevity to the orgasm I'd just had. I could still feel my body twitching, and my clit was ultra sensitive.
My heart was racing.
My breathing labored.
Every one of my senses was attuned to the man who was rocking my world.
I ran my hands up and down his backside and wrapped my legs around his waist. He pulled back slightly, until my erect nipples were just brushing against his warm chest. 
"You okay, baby?" 
"Yes!" I gasped.
"So fucking tight," he murmured.
"You're so big." Shockingly so. Bigger than any man I'd had before.
Cole's eyes fastened on my breasts and then he took a nipple into his mouth. He sucked and tugged on it, clamping it between his teeth as he began to move his hips. I felt unbelievably empty when he pulled out, but only as far as the head, and then my long moan filled the RV when he glided back in slowly. It was amazing how much I could feel the definition of his cock, the ridges and the large vein that ran up the side. 
"Can you take it rough?" he gritted, keeping his pace even.
Was he holding himself back? "I want it rough," I responded. "Don't hold back, Cole."
He groaned and picked up his speed. Oh, lord. I began to move up the bed with every thrust of his hips, but it felt so good. When he moved to his knees and pulled my hips up, his cock hit every pleasure spot that guaranteed me another orgasm. His downward stroke rubbed against my clit, the head of his cock jabbed my sweet spot, and then he glided all the way home. I clenched my hands into the bedding, rolling my head from side to side as pure ecstasy surged through me. 
I couldn't believe that I was going to come again. I never came with a man inside me. I usually needed more stimulation focused on my clit. But Cole clearly knew what he was doing. "Cole!" I panted, slightly stunned. "I'm going to come!"
He grunted and said with a half-smile, "Fuck, baby, me too." He was pounding into me so hard that little grunts escaped me. 
I watched his face, marveling at the raw passion stamped there on his rugged features. His jaw was clenched tight, his nostrils flaring, and eyes were dark and heavy with arousal. Sweat gathered on his brow, dripping down onto my chest with his movements. His chest, abs, and arms were glistening, powerful muscles, straining. I reached up and ran my hands down the sides of his neck, his defined pecs, and the rolling hills of muscle below. He was beautiful to look at. Breathtaking to touch.
And tonight he was mine.
Our eyes locked. 
"Come on my dick, baby," he grunted, slamming into me over and over. 
"Oh, God! Oh, God!" I cried out, coming hard. Convulsions took control of my body, but Cole easily kept me where he wanted me and fucked me right through my orgasm. 
"Fuck," he grunted. "Your pussy is squeezing me tight," he rasped. 
I clenched my muscles as tightly as I could around his cock.
And then he was coming undone. He pulled my hips closer against him, our loins lined up and tight, his balls hanging down against my ass, and he exploded. 
"Aaagghh!" he roared, throwing his head back. Sweat ran down his body. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck." With his head back his throat muscles and Adam's apple were unmistakable. 
I could feel the warm release of his seed inside me, his cock ejaculating a steady stream for what seemed like forever. It throbbed and jerked inside me long after he was done, and I was surprised that he remained hard. Cole slowly lowered my legs, moving down over my body so that he remained inside me. He was careful not to crush me, holding the top half of his body slightly away with his arms.  
"That was . . .  that was intense," I found the strength to utter between breaths.
"Was I too fucking rough?" He sounded angry at himself.
"No!" I reached up and pushed his damp hair away from his eyes. "It was intense in a good way, Cole." I was being honest with him. "I've never come with a man inside of me before. I didn't know how good it could be." I grinned. His lips curled up at the corners, too. "I'd like to experience it again."  His smile disappeared, and I realized that he'd misunderstood me. "I don't mean with you!" Now he was scowling. "I mean, ah, unless you want to, um, do it again…" I was making a mess of it.
Cole leaned forward and kissed me. He didn't seem like the kind of man who cuddled or kissed softly after sex, he seemed more the type to roll away or just leave. Hadn't I been warned that he wouldn't do sweet and tender? It was a short kiss, as if he’d suddenly realized what he was doing. His grin turned cocky and he thrust his hips.
My eyes grew round with disbelief. "You're still hard."
"I'm going to fuck you again."
"You mean you can stay hard after you've come if you want to fuck again right away?"
His laugh almost dislodged his throbbing cock. "No. Usually when I come I'm done. For some reason with you, my dick wants a second go around." He narrowed his eyes, as if searching for something in mine. He began to shift his hips slowly, as though testing me. 
I couldn't contain my moan of pleasure when I felt his hot flesh swell inside me, fill me completely. I closed my eyes and gave myself over to the sensation that felt incredibly good, biting down on my bottom lip. My nipples tingled against his hard chest. I heard his breathing pick up and turn harsher. Just as I was getting used to the pace, Cole grabbed me by the hips and flipped me over onto my belly.
My eyes flew open and I caught my breath. The next thing I knew, I was being dragged to my knees with my bottom in the air, and then the emptiness I'd felt when he'd pulled out was replaced again. He slammed into me with a grunt, the new position letting me feel him in places I hadn't before. It seemed tighter, he seemed bigger, and before I had a chance to enjoy this new pleasure that was shooting through me, he started to fuck me faster than I could keep up with. 
"You like this, baby?" he rasped hotly against my ear. 
"Yes!" I cried out. I more than liked it. The pleasure paralleled nothing I'd had before. 
Sex before Cole had been mild and mediocre at best, my partners lacking in knowledge of my wants or needs. Their inexperience was brought to light now as Cole pounded and grunted behind me. There was no finesse in his rough love-making; it was purely animalistic and intensely satisfying. I'd never been so thoroughly claimed.
No, he was owning me.
Suddenly Cole's hands were beneath me, caressing and squeezing my swaying breasts. He twisted my nipples, the sting causing me to suck in my breath. The sharp pain morphed into the sweetest pleasure that traveled down to my clit like a bolt of lightning. 
"I knew you'd have a fucking hot pussy," he grated in my ear. "Been thinking about it since I laid eyes on you." 
His admission thrilled me, because it proved that he'd been attracted to me from the beginning. He transferred one hand to my pussy, easily finding my clit and rubbing it.
"Going to fill it with cum," he promised with a growl, his fingers knowing exactly how to work my swollen clit. "Going to put so much fucking cum inside you it will be running down your legs when you walk."
Oh, hell! I felt my orgasm climbing fast, and his filthy words added fuel to the fire. My whole body felt like a live wire shooting off sparks. I was being consumed. "God, Cole!" He pinched my clit and I detonated, screaming out my release as it rocked my body. The whole time he continued to plow into me, chasing his own climax. I reached back and grabbed his balls, squeezing them, and not gently. 
"Fuuuccckkk!" he roared, holding himself deep inside me as he came.
With a small smile of self-satisfaction I closed my eyes, laying my face against a pillow as I panted out of control, for control. His release had been just as strong as it had been the first time. I marveled at the strength of his cock when it swelled and released inside me. It was hot, knowing that his cum was filling me up, so much so that I could feel some of it leaking out of me where we were joined.
I moaned, clenching my muscles around his deflating cock and feeling him jerk, inhaling deeply the scent of sex surrounding us. It was strangely soothing, relaxing me into a kind of numb euphoria that made my limbs weak and my eyes droop. I was in a state of half-consciousness, too exhausted to move when I felt Cole pull out of me and then roll to the side and pull a sheet over us.
The last thing I remember was his arm curling around me to hold me against him. 


****


Cole


"Church, brother!" A loud banging followed the roar, rattling the cheap aluminum door. "Now!"
I jumped out of bed with a curse, wondering why Riggs was pounding on my door instead of calling me, when I checked my phone to see that I'd turned it off the night before. I grinned with recollection, and then glanced down at the woman in my bed. Naked curves and thick long hair were everywhere. Raven's tits were exposed, and I resisted the urge to reach out to caress them. Fuck, the sight of her first thing in the morning--I could get used to that.
Fucking her all night long.
I could get used to that, too.
She'd barely stirred at the noise. Church hadn't been planned for today, so I knew that something must have come up. Maybe the hideout of the fucking Devil's Soldiers had been found. I tugged on my jeans and carefully zipped them up. My dick was hard, and it wasn't morning wood. It was the woman snoring softly below me that had brought on this reaction. She looked like a fucking innocent angel, and I knew there was heaven between her silken thighs. When she stirred slightly into a new position, my dick jerked. Hell, it should have been down for the count, considering that I'd fucked her two more times during the night.
My gaze shifted to between her legs. What man could resist that pretty, pink pussy? No one, I knew. That was for fucking sure. 
I had to get out of there. I threw on my cut and boots and headed out. Two minutes later, I entered the warehouse with the rest of my brothers, surprised to see that Sax, Reid, Colton, and Oz had made it there before those of us that actually lived onsite.  
"Alright, brothers, let's get to it. Got a fucking problem," Demon said, getting right to the point. 
"Devil's Soldiers?" Loco asked with excitement in his voice. 
"No." Demon's eyes cut to me. "Got a call from Shark down in Pahrump." Shark was the Soulless Demons’ president. "Passed on something interesting."
"They find out who offed Cain?" 
Demon shook his head to Oz's inquiry. "No, he thinks they're getting close. He's got a couple of brothers staying in Bisbee looking for the killer. They got wind of something interesting and conveyed it to him. Word's going around in our circle for anyone who wants to earn a little extra cash."
I didn't like the way his gaze was focused on me. My gut told me that I wasn't going to like what he had to say.
"Which is?" LD's impatient voice broke the silence.
Demon took a deep breath. "Seems the woman you brought from Bisbee has a hit out on her, brother." 
What. The. Fuck.
That was the last fucking thing I’d been expecting. Who the fuck had she pissed off? I knew then that I should have kept Oz on her ass, but the attack on the club had put her on the back burner. I cut my eyes to Oz, his look mirroring my thought that we'd screwed up. I didn't blame him, though--I blamed her for lying to me. I’d known that her boyfriend story was shit. I should have gone with my gut and forced her to talk from the beginning. I got to my feet, ready to storm out of there.
"Shark doesn't know the girl is here, he was just passing on information."
"He knows we don't do hits on women," Sax growled in response to Demon's comment.
I caught Demon's shrug as I headed toward the open bay door entrance. 
"Where the fuck you going?" 
"To find out what the hell is going on," I snarled. I would have thought that was obvious after the news he'd just delivered.
"Wait, brother, we need to discuss this shit." 
I pivoted to face him, barely holding my shit together. I'd given Raven every chance to tell me the truth. 
"I called church because this could affect all of us."
Demon was right, and that was half the reason why I wanted to get to the bottom of it. I clenched my teeth and crossed my arms, too pissed to speak. I couldn't wait to get back to my trailer and pin Raven's ass to the wall. 
"Do we know why there's a hit on her?" LD questioned. 
Demon shook his head. "The client is anonymous, working through a representative."
"Then fucking find out!" I snapped, raising several brows. 
"You know that's not how this works, brother." 
I pinned my gaze on Bull. I didn't like his attempt at placating me. 
"Raven doesn't strike me as the kind of woman who'd do something to piss someone off that much."
I snorted. "She's not innocent, brother."
"You would know," he shot back.
What the fuck? Did he want her for himself? I lunged at Bull like a rabid dog. "You want to fuck her!"
"Yeah, but you actually did fuck her!" he fired right back. "Did you forget my trailer is right next to yours? You warn us away from her and then fuck her all night long?"
Why the fuck was he making this personal? He'd never told me that he was interested in Raven in that way. He hadn't moved from his spot, and I was almost upon him, ready to knock his teeth down his throat.
 "Whoa! Whoa! Brother!" Suddenly Sax, Loco, and Colton jumped to their feet and were on me, gripping me by the arms and holding me back.
"What the fuck?!" Demon bellowed. "I don't know what the fuck is going on, and I don’t care. Now calm your shit and let's finish this!"
His comment had been meant for me. Breathing hard through my nose like a fucking bull, I stopped fighting against the brothers that were holding me. Sensing that it was okay to release me, they dropped my arms and stepped back, but not too far. Bull and I continued to glare at each other.
"We need to figure out what we're going to do about her." Demon's gaze moved from brother to brother, a silent demand that they needed to voice their opinions.
"Give her to me," Junior suggested with a leer in his eyes. "I'll make her talk." He wagged his brows like a fucking fool, leaving no doubt about how he would go about doing it.
"Not going to happen," I grated at the little prick. If anyone was going to make Raven give up her secrets, it was going to be me.
"Send her away."
Riggs made it sound so easy.
"With a hit on her head?" Oz snapped, anger on his face. "We might as well kill her ourselves and claim the money."
I knew that he wasn't serious.
"Keeping her here might bring more trouble down on our heads," Demon spoke up, drawing all of our attention. 
LD snorted. "Never been afraid of trouble before." 
"And they'd have to find her first. How they gonna find her hiding out here?"
Loco had a good point, but I could not forget the deception she’d used in order to get our protection. I didn't like being lied to. It hit me that I was disappointed. I tried not to think about her killer curves, the feel of her silken flesh beneath my fingers, the feel of her thighs as she’d parted them to make room for me just before I’d plowed into her. I just managed to stop myself from groaning as I recalled how fucking wet and tight her cunt had been every time she’d hugged my dick.
Fuck. This was not going to end well. No matter what my brothers decided, I would go along with it because the club came first, always. 
We were a brotherhood based on trust and having each other's backs.
We swore loyalty to the club.
It didn't matter what our dicks wanted. 
"I'll handle her. The club comes first, always." This time no one stopped me from walking away. 
Chapter 17


Raven


I was in the RV where we prepared meals for the men, mostly breakfast and lunch. A dozen eggs were on the small counter in front of me, and I was cracking them into a bowl with a smile on my face, a night of sex with Cole playing on a running loop inside my head. The man was not only a God to look at, but his performance in the sack left nothing to be desired. He was a generous lover and skilled beyond words. I got tingly all over just thinking about it.
I shook my head, reminding myself that it was just sex, and that I shouldn’t make more of it than it was. We'd been attracted to each other from the beginning and had finally acted on it, but that didn't mean that I would get more than one night of Cole, or that he would get more than one night with me, for that matter. But I knew deep down that if the opportunity presented itself again, I would cave. I shivered just thinking about his big cock sliding into me again.
The door opened and Mitzi breezed in, looking awake and happy for a change. The club women were not morning people. "Good morning!" 
Mitzi and I got along fine when Tamara wasn't around. Holly's assessment of the club women had been spot on. Mitzi was a follower. It was pathetically obvious that she wanted to be just like Tamara, mirroring her attitude when they were together. It was as if she couldn't think for herself when she was with Tamara. When it was just her, she was a different woman.
"Hi. Your morning to help with breakfast?"
She nodded, opening the fridge and taking out a couple packages of bacon and sausage. The corners of her lips turned down. "Was supposed to be Cherry, but she couldn't drag her lazy ass out of bed." She pulled out a big skillet and slapped the two pounds of bacon into it before turning back to me. "So, I heard you and Cole doing the dirty last night."
My stomach dropped. Was she fishing? Would Cole have bragged to the other women about what we’d done? No. To his brothers, maybe, but not the women. I realized then that she must have actually heard us together the night before.
She giggled at my silence. "Honey, these RVs aren't exactly soundproof, and I was with Bull most of the night. His trailer is right next to Cole's." 
Shit. Had anyone else heard us? I glanced at her as I whipped the eggs.
She nodded, guessing that I was curious if Tamara had heard the news. "She knows." I was sure that Mitzi hadn’t been able to wait to tell her. "Tamara's my friend, but watch your back." 
That wasn't the first time someone had warned me of that, but hearing it coming from Mitzi was surprising. Wasn't that considered a betrayal? I poured the eggs into a large buttered skillet and added some shredded cheese on top. I wasn't sure what to say to Mitzi, or what she expected from me. 
"Don't want to brag about it, huh?"  She shrugged, turning the bacon. "That's okay. We've all had Cole's big cock, so we know what it’s like." 
Nice, I thought to myself. She shot me a smirk. If she thought she was telling me something that I hadn't already guessed, she was wrong. 
"Guess I'm just another notch on his bedpost," I said flippantly, showing her that it didn't bother me, even though it did. There was no way was I going to give her something to go running back to Tamara with. 
"It's good that you understand that." She began popping bread into the toaster. "That way when he goes back to Tamara—and he always does--" she shot me a sympathetic little smile, "--you won't be too heartbroken."
Did she seriously think that she was warning me as a friend? I got the impression that Mitzi was Tamara's minion, reinforcing what Tamara had been screaming at me since my arrival, only with a different approach. I hoped that I never got so stuck on a man that I turned into an obsessed, conniving woman. It wasn't attractive. 
I finished the eggs, turned off the burner, and poured them into a bowl. There was plenty of hot coffee, and Mitzi seemed to be handling the bacon and toast. I was ready to get out of there. The men would be arriving soon, and there wasn't enough room for everyone in there. I turned to leave just as the door flew open so hard that it swung back against the side of the RV. Cole stepped in, his large presence filling up the small space.
He looked positively wild. 
I'd been in the process of smiling when the look that he turned on me caused it to disappear. There was something damning in his eyes that I didn't like, something that scared me enough that I took a step back. Judging from the storm reflected in his cold eyes, he was beyond pissed. His mouth, the same one that had brought me so much pleasure during the night, was pulled back into a straight line against a clenched jaw.
His gaze flickered to Mitzi. "Get. Out."
So, his anger was directed at me. I immediately began to wrack my brain for what I could have done.
Mitzi didn't hesitate to scoot around Cole and leave without a word, but not before remembering to turn off the bacon first.  I could just imagine her running to Tamara after this. 
Cole’s fists were clenched tightly at his side as if he were ready to cause some serious damage. I made myself stand silently in place, deciding that the best thing I could do was wait for him to explain what was going on, praying that it wasn't as bad as my intuition warned me that it was going to be.
His stormy gaze held mine captive. "I knew you were lying," he accused between his teeth, stepping toward me. 
Shit! I took a step back, my eyes growing round at his sudden accusation. He didn't need to elaborate, I knew exactly what he was talking about. "Cole—"
"I want to know what the fuck you did to cause someone to put a fucking hit on you," he snarled, closing the distance between us faster than I could get away. 
I nearly choked out, "A-A hit!" I found myself backing up into the bedroom. I could only stare at Cole with disbelief. They had put a hit on me? "I-I," I couldn't get the words out. All I could think about was the revelation that there was a hit on me.
"I want to know what the fuck is going on," Cole grated, forcing me into the bedroom. "What kind of shit are you involved in, Raven?"
I gasped and came to a stop when the backs of my legs came up against the bed. "I don't know—" Oh, God, but I did. It was obvious to me that this had something to do with what I'd witnessed. 
He snorted, "You don't know?" He got down in my face. "Then who does, baby?" 
I shook my head, still in disbelief, tears filling my eyes because everything had turned to shit, and I wouldn't tell Cole what he wanted to know. I was too afraid to admit what I'd seen. Things had a way of getting out, and I had my family to think about. 
"Just like a woman, turn on the fucking tears," he said scathingly. 
That wasn't fair!
I wiped at my eyes before the tears could fall. "Screw you, Cole!" 
His eyes were hard on me for a minute. "Already did that," he sneered with distaste, and then he snorted. "Is that why you gave me your pussy last night? Did you think that when the truth came out that I'd go easier on you?"
I reacted without thinking, hurt that he could think that I would do something so conniving. I slapped him, following it up with a sob. "You came to me, asshole!" I hissed. "And what truth? You don't know anything!"
"That's right. I only know that you're a fucking liar who has a hit out on her, and that you being here means trouble for my club."
"Is that all you care about?" I screamed back, my heart racing. As soon as the words were out I wished that I could take them back. I didn't want to hear his answer, because I knew that I wouldn't like it. Cole had warned me from the beginning that his club came first, that he was responsible for their safety. He didn't care what happened to me. I was nobody to him. I was just a job to him, someone he spent the night fucking. That was all.
"Yes." His tone was as cold as the sharp blue of his eyes. "My club and my brothers come first, always. No pussy is worth forgetting that."
His unfeeling words caused me to wince. I wanted to slap him again, but sensed that this time that he would be ready for me. Tears clouded my vision, but not so much that I couldn't make out his stone-cold expression. "Your club knows about the hit?” I asked, the realization of the seriousness of this situation falling over me at once. “How much money will you get for killing me?" I knew that as Enforcer for his club, Cole would probably be the one responsible for carrying out the deed. "How will you kill me, Cole?" My words were barely above a whisper.
"We don't kill women," he snarled, showing his teeth. "But there are a lot of others out there who'd kill their own mother for the right price. They'll come looking for you."
I knew then that I had to leave the club for the same reason that I'd left home. I didn't want anyone to get hurt because of me. The killers knew who I was, where my family lived, but--thank God--for the time being it appeared that they were willing to believe the story my mom had told them. As long as they thought that no one knew what I'd witnessed, they would leave my family alone. That, at least, was something.
I'd find a way to get to Boulder City and would go from there. Where, I didn't have a clue. It was going to be difficult to leave without a vehicle. Maybe in time I could get my mom to sell my car and wire me the money. 
Cole was still standing in front of me, staring at me. "You going to tell me what the fuck is going on?" 
Somehow I managed to find the courage to shake my head. 
"God dammit, woman!"
His outburst frightened me, and I fell back on the corner of the bed. I jumped up just as quickly, but had nowhere to go but the tight area between the bed and the wall. Cole wasted no time in following me there and crowding me in with his huge bulk. With my back against the wall, he slapped his palms against the wall on either side of my head.
"Tell me what you're hiding," he growled.
Tears stung my eyes again, because I wanted to tell him. I wanted to tell someone that could help me, but Cole had already made it clear that he cared only for his club. Telling him wouldn't do a thing to solve my problem. No, the best thing was to leave there as soon as possible. Become someone new. 
We were at a stale mate. I could see the tic working in Cole's strong jaw, his eyes still glittering with anger. His breathing was slightly heavy, his warm breath brushing against my forehead. I could feel the heat of his body, so close that if I were to take a deep breath my breasts would touch him. If I were a more dishonest woman, and more experienced in the ways of disarming men with my body, I'd have used my wiles on Cole to manipulate him. But I wasn't that woman. 
"I know ways to make you talk," he threatened, his mouth hard.
"Then do it!" I foolishly demanded. "And why do you care so much? It's not as if you give a fuck about what happens to me."
He snarled, grabbed both my wrists, and slammed them against the wall. I sucked in my breath at the pain. "Can't protect my club if I don't know from who or what." 
"What makes you think whoever wants me dead will come here?"
He snorted, but his expression didn't change. "Because they'll be men like me."
Killers. He didn't need to say it. I shivered. "I'm sorry," I said, meaning it.
He released a harsh breath, and grated, "Me, too."
He slammed his mouth down on mine, taking my breath away with the intensity of it. It was a punishing kiss, meant to be rough and inflict pain. The grind of Cole's mouth over mine caused my teeth to cut into the soft flesh behind my lips until I tasted blood. I whimpered beneath his attack, because that's what it was, and then he forced my mouth open with his tongue and punished me more. Only it was a sweet kind of punishment that reached my core and made my pulse race. It wasn't supposed to be like this. 
I wasn't supposed to like it.
I felt his fist pound the wall next to my head and then he pulled away, leaving me devastated. 

****


Cole


Fucking hell! I shouldn't have kissed her, but the sweet scent of her soft body and the sight of her trembling mouth had drawn me in like a moth to a flame. I was pissed, and needed an outlet. I needed to deal with Raven, make her tell me what I wanted to hear, but I couldn't do it when my fucking dick was harder than steel and all I could think about was ripping her clothes off and fucking her until neither of us could walk.
So I'd allowed myself a kiss. Big fucking mistake. By the time I forced myself to pull away, I was shaking, I wanted her so badly. One night in her arms, owning her luscious body, and I was addicted to her. Fuck, I should have kept my dick in my pants. Should have found out first if she was who she said she was. 
Just as soon as I’d turned away from her I whipped back around and forced her against the wall again. She gasped as I pinned her with my body. "I want the fucking truth!" I snarled into her face, not caring that I was scaring her. "I want to know why someone wants you dead. I want to know what you did or what you saw that pissed someone off so much." I said the words through my teeth, watching her reaction carefully. I saw the tiniest flicker in her eyes when I asked what she’d seen. "You fucking saw something!"
She began to shake her head against the wall, her lips still swollen and wet from my kiss opening to respond. But it was the look in her wild eyes that affected me. She was scared shitless. "No!" she got out in a breathless whisper. "I don't know—"
With a growl of impatience, I swung away from her before I hurt her. I had to deal with her, but she wasn't the kind of enemy that I usually faced. Normally I would have wanted to torture or cause pain to someone that was withholding information from me, not fuck them. "Save your fucking breath." 
"What are you going to do?" She was right behind me as I headed toward the door. 
"Until I figure that out, stay the fuck away from me, Raven." I hoped that my tone frightened her enough into doing what I wanted. If I couldn't convince her that I was fucking serious, we were both in trouble.
I sensed her pull back as I slapped my hand against the door and exited the RV. My gaze took in the brothers who'd had the sense to wait around before coming in for breakfast. They gave me a wide berth as I walked through. When I was alone I yanked out my phone. I scrolled through the names until I reached the one that I wanted.
"Yeah?"
"Moody, brother, what the fuck did you get us involved in? The woman we're hiding for you has a fucking hit on her head."
"What the fuck?" I could hear the genuine shock in his gruff tone, revealing that, as I’d suspected, he'd known nothing about it. "A hit for what?"
"I thought maybe you had an idea, since you talked to her mom initially."
"Fuck, no, brother. I think I would have remembered if Rosie mentioned that her daughter had a hit on her. What's the woman saying?"
I released a snort of frustration. "She won't talk. Stubborn as hell." I grunted, considering that stubbornness and how I was going to get around it. "I had a hunch from the beginning that their ex-boyfriend story was shit."
"Sorry, man. I wouldn't have asked for your help if I'd know that she was bringing trouble."
"Not your fault, brother, and it's good you didn't bring her to your place."
"Yeah, fuck. I need that shit like I need a hole in my head." He released a harsh breath. "What can I do to help?"
I laughed humorlessly. "Not a fucking thing. Know you have your hands full. How's Bailey and your rugrats?"
"All good." I could hear the change in Moody's voice, the contentment. "Life couldn't be any better. Gave me another son a week ago. Two for two."
"Happy for you, brother." I meant it. "Was just hoping you knew something about the woman." I ran my hand through my hair, not realizing until now that I'd walked all the way to the road. 
He made a negative sound. "Heard someone took out Cain."
It didn't surprise me that he knew. Shark had probably called him. They were friends from way back. "Yeah, appears he was set up. Shark's got his men scouting for the killers now."
"Got a call from Demon, too. Found any of the Devil's Soldiers that have been plaguing you guys?"
"Nope. Figure they've split up and are hiding in different locations until they decide to come out to do their destruction like the fucking cockroaches they are."
"Could be they're hiding in plain sight, brother. Not wearing their cuts and mingling with the civilians."
"Same difference," I said, my thoughts turning to the fucker that we’d picked up in the ravine who was now in a cage at the back of the warehouse. 
Had to give the kid credit, he was tougher than I’d first thought. He'd taken a hell of a beating, but remained tightlipped. Had to respect him for his loyalty to his club, and I had to admit that he was the kind of brother we'd want in our own MC. But he wasn't in Desert Rebels, and the outcome wasn't going to change. Maybe I'd pay him a visit today and take out my frustration with Raven on him. He wouldn't last much longer anyway.
"So what are you going to do about the woman?" 
Moody's inquiry and the sound of a crying baby in the background brought me back to the present. What was I going to do about her? "Hell if I know at the moment, brother. Try and find out what the fuck is going on. Maybe I'll call her mother." The thought had just occurred to me, and it was worth a shot. I could hear the sounds of a busy household on the other end of the line and decided I wouldn’t keep Moody any longer than I had to. "Sounds like you're needed, so I'll let you go."
"Keep me informed, yeah?"
"Sure will." 
I found myself walking toward the warehouse. Too much shit was going on, and the kid was at least one loose end I could tie up. I'd make it fast, he deserved that. He'd been starved and beaten unconscious since we’d dragged his ass back there. 
When I entered the warehouse, Riggs, LD, and Junior were at the bar drinking. They must have been on a break from the work they were doing on the new clubhouse. All three cut their gazes in my direction.
"Going to finish with the prisoner," I explained, even though I didn't have to.
"I want to watch." Junior jumped off his stool with excitement in his eyes and what I could only describe as glee on his fucking face. 
It sickened me, and I shot him a glare until he got the message and backed off, sinking back down on his seat. The man enjoyed killing too much. We didn't kill for the pleasure of it, but out of necessity. We'd lost too many brothers the day Devil's Soldiers had attacked our clubhouse in a cowardly, surprise attack, and they had to pay. The fact that we weren't having any luck finding the fuckers was weighing heavily on everyone's minds. 
LD got to his feet to follow me. "The vat prepared?" 
I nodded. 
The vat was a tub of sulfuric acid kept buried in the floor. It was nasty stuff, but did the job. We used it to dissolve our victims, which saved on time and removed the possibility of getting caught that came with moving a body. At least the bastards were dead before we submerged them into it. It was rumored that the Devil's Soldiers ex-president, Tolbert, had used it as a means to kill his enemies. 
We went to the back of the room and moved some shit that we'd stacked in front of the secret panel to get to the locked door. Once we moved the panel, I worked the combination on the door and entered the room, instantly overcome by a rank smell that caused my nose to curl up. 
"Shit, brother, smells like he's already dead."
LD was right. I could see the man's condition as we neared the bars to his cell. He was strapped to a chair, beaten and bloodied, his head bent and his stringy hair hanging down in his face. Beneath his chair was a sheet of plastic splattered with blood and other bodily fluids, a circle cut out around the drainage vent in the floor. Once he was gone, the prospects would come in and clean the room, dispose of the plastic, and flush out the vent. 
I unlocked the door and we went in. He didn't acknowledge us, but I knew that he knew we were there. "You ready to talk?" I asked, already knowing what his answer would be. I was ready to end his misery.
"Fuck you." His voice sounded weak, exhausted, and he didn't even make an attempt to raise his head. He was black and blue where we'd broken his bones, most of his teeth were on the floor beneath him, and his face was a bloody mess. He stunk like piss and shit and death. 
I grinned, because "fuck you" was all I'd gotten out of him the last few times I'd come in. "Last chance to see your twenty-fifth birthday," I warned.  
"Fuck you."
I released a resigned breath, exchanging a look with LD as I reached for my gun. "I'm not fucking with you, kid. This is your last chance to talk." His attempt at a snort was pitiful and I could tell caused him pain. I'd gone in with the intention of using him to work out some of my anger over Raven, but I couldn't bring myself to continue beating on a man who now looked like a victim of the holocaust.  
I put my gun to his head and ended him with one round.
"Got fucking nothing out of him," I said in response to LD's silence. 
"His choice, brother."
Right choice for the fucking Devil's Soldiers, I thought. "Got to respect his loyalty."
LD grunted. We undid his bindings and then dragged him over to where the vat was hidden. LD hit a button on the wall and a section of concrete flooring slid open. We carefully lowered him into it and, once he was submerged, closed the lid.
"How are you going to handle Raven?" 
I looked over at him as I was locking the door back up. I couldn't keep the smirk from my face, which he returned, confirming that we were both on the same page.
"You know what I mean, brother."
"Don't know, yet. She isn't talking. Since her mother is the one who reached out to Moody, I'm going to give her a call. She may know something."
He nodded. "I'll text Blue and Chewy to come clean up."
Mention of the prospects brought my mind to Fisher. "Heard anything about Fisher's progress?"
"Yep, doing good. Demon checks in almost every day."
"Has he been able to shed any more light on what went down that day?" It was still a mystery as to how the fuckers who’d destroyed the clubhouse had managed to get close enough to do it without being detected.
"Nope. Same story you got from Gage before he died." 
Which hadn't been much. The club sluts hadn’t been very helpful, either. 
We parted ways after leaving the warehouse. My gaze shifted to the new clubhouse fucking glad that it was going up fast. We would probably be able to move into it in about another week. JoJo had already ordered the new furniture. There were eight rooms for the single brothers, a small suite for Demon, and another for the club sluts, all of which were on the second floor. The bottom floor was taken up with a room for church, a kitchen, and the main room of the clubhouse--the bar. Demon had made sure the new panic room was fireproof. The old adobe structure of the nineteen-fifties had been replaced with something that resembled a two-story fortress. 
I glanced over at the RV in which I'd last seen Raven. I wanted to go and force her talk, but more then that I wanted my hands on her delectable curves. My dick wanted to go there, too. But instead of heading in that direction I pivoted to my bike. I needed to ride.
A ride always soothed the angst inside me. If that didn't work, a good hard fuck would.
I clenched my back teeth as I mounted my bike and started it to life. 
In no time I was going full throttle down the middle of a road that split the desert in half. 
Chapter 18


Raven


I knew what I had to do as I watched Cole race away from the RV. I was leaving. It would be better for everyone. I fought back tears as I finished cleaning the kitchen, determined to remain strong. A strong woman survives. I hadn't been able to reach my mother, at home or at work, and I didn't want to contemplate the possible reasons for that. I'd ask Bull for help and if he refused I'd find some other way.
The big biker popped his head in just as I was wiping down the small stove.
"Almost done?" His tone seemed different, not as friendly as it usually was, and I guessed that it had something to do with the information that the club had discovered about me. I wondered if my so-called protector had now become my jailer.
"Yes," I answered briskly. I put the towel down and turned to him. "Bull, I need to ask you for a favor."
I immediately recognized the suspicion that came over his craggy features, the worry in his eyes as they rested on me. He continued all the way into the RV. "Yeah?" 
"I need a ride to Boulder City." His brows shot up. "I-I've decided to leave." 
He exhaled deeply and crossed his arms, exposing a stance that I'd grown very familiar with when it came to the men of Desert Rebels. It was their signature stance when they were standing their ground. "Sorry, I can't do that."
My heart fell because the friendly, easy-going man that I'd come to know and like had been replaced with a brooding, almost frightening antagonist. I didn't like this new Bull. As we continued to stare at each other, I felt anger slowly rising. I crossed my arms. "Why not? Am I a prisoner here?"
I could see that he was thinking over his answer before he responded. "I don't think so."
"You don't think so? What does that mean, Bull?" I frowned, trying to remain calm.
"It means that I don't make those decisions, Raven."
No, he didn’t, but I knew who did. I tried a different tactic. "I just need a few things."
He grinned. "You just said that you’ve decided to leave."
Shit! I had. I swung back to the window over the sink and stared outside, my mind working to figure out what my options were. I could call for a cab, but they would be spotted well before they made it to the gate. I would be stopped there. Or maybe they would have to let me go. They couldn't very well make a scene in front of witnesses. I suddenly had some hope. 
"Whatever you're thinking, stop." 
I met the hardness in Bull’s brown eyes.
"You'd keep me here against my will?"
Regret filled his eyes. "If I have to. Unless you're willing to tell us why there's a hit on you so we know what kind of trouble could be coming our way."
"I would think that your club would be glad to see the back of me."
"You don't understand, Raven. Whatever trouble you got yourself in got a hit put out on you. It could be one man or a fucking army that comes looking for you. You're easy money, and some men don't have a conscious when it comes to killing women. Hell, there might even be a female mercenary out there looking for your ass. The point is, this is our home. We're family. We protect what's important to us--our women, our children. We've lost enough brothers lately."
Oh, God, I understood, I really did. "Then all the more reason to give me that ride." I felt a sting in my eyes. "I don't want to be the cause of anyone getting hurt," I pleaded.
He shook his head. "I can't help you." He took a breath. "I came by to see if you wanted a tour of the new clubhouse. We'll be moving in soon."
I forced a tiny smile. "Maybe later. I didn't get much sleep last night." Boy, was that the truth. "I think I'll take a nap." I prayed that he couldn't see through my lie. I liked Bull. I knew that he was just doing his job, but I had to do what was right for me.
Bull acknowledged with a nod and backed out of the RV. I made sure that he was away from the trailer before I took out my phone and ordered an Uber. I hoped that it would come before Cole returned. I knew that his brothers could stop me from leaving if they wanted to, but I didn't want to face his wrath. 
As I waited for my Uber to arrive, I pulled out the money that I had in my pocket and counted it. I'd brought three hundred with me, and still had most of it left. I'd been lucky that Cole had insisted on paying to replace the clothes I'd lost in the fire, as well as my phone. Once I figured out what I was going to do, I would wire Mom for more. Cash didn’t leave a trail. 
First, I needed to get in touch with Mom. I'd tried calling her three times, and each time her phone had gone directly to voicemail. Too afraid to leave her a message, I could only wait for her to eventually call me. I wondered if she’d decided to work some extra shifts at Denny's. She was the manager there, and it wasn't unusual for her to pick up the slack when they were short-staffed. I knew, though, that if I didn't talk to her soon, I'd have to get in touch with my sisters.
The sound of a motorcycle approaching sent panic through me, and I rushed to the window and saw Demon and Colton riding through the gate. I knew now that the probability of my escaping was low. There were too many Desert Rebels around, and there was always someone manning the gate. At the moment it was a prospect by the name of Dancer. 
I pulled my bottom lip between my teeth with worry. I needed to think of a way to get my ass into the Uber while I was surrounded by an army of angry bikers who would most likely try to physically stop me. An idea came to me, and I ran to my RV and the bathroom. My gaze lit on the array of perfumes, hairsprays, and feminine products that I shared with Lulu. I snatched up the small canister of breath freshener and sprayed it, but it came out in too fine a mist. Next, I tried the cheap hairspray that Lulu used. That was when I got the notification on my phone that my Uber had arrived.
Shit! Taking the hairspray, I ran outside to see the Uber right outside the gate, the driver talking to Dancer and some of the Desert Rebels who were making their way there from different directions. I rushed to reach the gate first, clutching the hairspray against my chest, my heart pounding. When Dancer turned to stop me I sprayed him directly in the eyes.
"Sorry, Dancer," I said while I was spraying. 
His hands flew to his eyes and he instantly backed off. "Fuck!"
"Whoa! Whoa there, honey, what ya doing?"
I turned back to face Demon, aiming the can in his direction. He halted and threw up his hands. "I'm leaving!" I told him in a slightly panicked tone. My gaze moved around the group of men who'd appeared by the gate. They remained behind Demon, apparently satisfied to let him deal with the crazy woman.
"You can leave," Demon said slowly, showing me a mouthful of even white teeth. "No one's forcing you to be here. But you sure you're doing the right thing?"
I was breathing hard. "Yes." My eyes shifted to the Uber driver, a young woman who was watching the whole thing play out with slightly frightened eyes. 
"I take it that you're Raven?" she asked hesitantly. I nodded.
Demon's voice pulled me back to him. "You didn't have to go to all this trouble, honey."
"I-I didn't think you'd let me leave," I admitted. I glanced at Bull, who was watching me with a slightly angry expression. "I'm sorry, Bull, but I did what I had to. I don't want anyone hurt because of me." I looked back to Demon. "Thank you for your hospitality." 
He cocked his head slightly to the side, the look on his face making it clear that he thought that I was making a big mistake. "I don't want to see anyone get hurt either." His meaning couldn't have been clearer. It was a warning. "Why don't you just tell us what the problem is, and we can deal with it."
"I-I can't. I have to think of my family, too. The less people who know, the better." I was convinced of that. "I don't want to cause your MC any trouble. It's better if I just disappear."
"Don't be a fool, Raven," Bull finally snapped. He glanced at the Uber driver and then back to me, weighing his words carefully. "You're safe here."
"Let her go," Demon growled, turning away. "We've got shit to do." As he was walking away he put his arm on the back of LD's shoulder and mumbled something into his ear. 
Not wanting to take the chance that Demon would change his mind, I quickly climbed into the backseat of the car, watching as one-by-one the men turned away and returned to what they'd been doing. 
"Boy, that was intense. I've never been out here, but I've heard about the Desert Rebels," the driver said to me as she turned the car around. “What takes you to Boulder City?” 
“A job, hopefully,” I responded, realizing that, in reality, I had no idea what my next step would be. Getting in touch with any of the old ladies for guidance was now out of the question. I was going to miss their friendship. I was going to miss the men, especially a certain someone who had rocked my world.
"You shouldn’t have any trouble finding a job," the driver said. "There are lots, and new businesses are popping up overnight--hotels, bars, restaurants. Vegas is booming, and tourists eventually find their way here to see the Hoover Dam and other sights. Housing developments are going up all over, especially in the Lake Mead area.” 
“That’s good to know,” I told her, suddenly grateful that she was being so chatty. “You wouldn’t happen to know of any good hotels in the area? Something in between cheap and expensive?” I didn't want to stay in a roach infested dump, but I also didn't want to blow my money on the most expensive hotel I could find, either. There was no telling how long I would be there, and I wouldn't be able to move around a lot without a car. "Something close to businesses since I'll be walking."
"Hmm . . . " She thought for a moment. "I know! There's a new place I know of, rates aren't too bad, and the units are kind of like tiny apartments. They have a bathroom and the main room has a bed, a super tiny living area, and a kitchenette. They're right next to the Naked Lady. My husband, Tommy, works there, and I also happen to know that they're looking for a server."
"The Naked Lady? Let me guess—it’s a strip club?"
"Not really. It's a bar. They do have pole dancers, but Tommy says they're looking for servers right now, and the good news is that they wear clothes." She giggled. "It's a good place to work, the money is good. The servers who work there have been there forever." I wondered if that meant that most of them were middle-aged. "Tommy is the manager and also the bartender, he's been there for years, too. My name is Emily, by the way."
"I'm Raven." 
"Yeah, I know." I saw her wink in the mirror. "So what do you think?"
"I think it sounds too good to be true, but I need a place to live and work." Temporarily anyway.
"You won't be sorry. They're good people."
I sat back and let my thoughts turn to Cole. Would he be furious to find out that I was gone, or relieved? He'd been so damned worried about his club, but I really couldn't blame him for that. He had his family, just as I had mine, and our goal of keeping them safe was the same. I was surprised that Demon had let me go as easily as he had. I'd been expecting to have to fight my way out of there. If it had been left up to Bull, I would have. In time, he and Cole would realize it was better this way. 
Tamara would be happy to learn that I was gone. 
I closed my eyes, willing myself not to think about her and Cole together, or him with any woman, for that matter. I didn't have a claim on him, but I certainly felt that he'd claimed me the night before. If that was how he fucked all his women it was no wonder that they got so possessive. They wanted to keep him for themselves. I felt the sting behind my lids as I thought about what could have been. There was something about Cole that had drawn me to him, and I missed him already. 
Tears rolled down my cheeks, and I pressed my lips to keep from sniffling. 
I wondered if he would come after me.
If he even cared that I was gone. 
Chapter 19


Cole


I took a long drink of water and then poured what remained in the bottle over my head, feeling instant relief as the coolness ran down my overheated body. It had been hotter than hell up on that roof all day, and I was fucking glad that it was finally done. When it rained it poured, and fucking Smith had called to tell us that we had three roofs to put up at the same time. We were also finishing up the clubhouse so that we could move back in by the weekend. Demon had a big party planned.
I shook my hair like a mangy dog, ridding it of excess water, and then brushed it back from my face. Chewy and Riggs were cleaning up and putting shit into the back of the truck. I'd just gotten back from checking the progress of the other two crews. Loco, Blue, and Colton had finished up the house that they'd been working on, too, but Junior, Dancer, and Oz still had a day left. To be fair, their house was bigger.
"Smoke, brother?"
I looked down at the cigarette Chewy was holding out to me. I'd given that up years ago, but decided to say “fuck it.” I needed something to take the edge off, and the alcohol I'd been putting away since Raven had left was back at the clubhouse. She'd been gone a fucking week, and it had taken everything in me every damned day not to go after her ass. The fact that I knew where she was was the only thing keeping me away. I had eyes on her. I knew where she lived and worked. 
So far there'd been no word that anyone in the area was asking questions about her.
For now she was good.
Wished I could say the same for me, but I couldn’t get the little bitch off my mind. It was as if she'd cast a fucking spell on me. I worked my ass off during the day to keep my mind busy then drank half the night away hoping that it would knock me out so I could fucking sleep. All I could think of were her fucking sweet curves against me, beneath me, on top of me, and it wasn't enough.
I wanted more.
My dick wanted more. The fucker stayed hard half the time. The club sluts were available. Hell, they'd done their best to get me into their beds, but I didn't want just any woman. I didn't want easy pussy. I knew that I was only hurting myself by not going and getting Raven's ass, but I'd convinced myself that staying away from her was for the best. I wanted her for all the wrong reasons. Pussy was one thing, but wanting more with a woman like Raven wasn't conceivable. What Sax, Colton, Oz, and Reid had worked for them, but it wasn't for me.
I finished my smoke and crushed it out beneath my boot. 
"Man, I'm tired." Sax tossed his tools into the back of the truck. "Heard from Demon?"
"Yep. All the furniture and shit was delivered on schedule. There's a crew there now setting up the rooms."
"Can't believe we got the clubhouse done as fast as we did," Sax commented before dousing his head with water from the bottle he'd just opened.
I nodded. 
The water caused streaks of dirt to run down the length of his neck and torso. "Looking forward to this weekend." 
"You bringing Holly?"
"Shit yes, brother." 
"What do you say we ride into Boulder City tonight for a change of scenery?" Loco walked up to the truck, wiping his face and chest down with his stained t-shirt. "We deserve it after the last three days working in this fucking heat."
Sax shook his head. "Not me, brother. Looking forward to spending a quiet night at home with my old lady."
Loco shook his head with disgust. "And that, brother, is why I'll never have one. They stifle your fun."
"Don't knock it till you try it. Holly and I make our own fun," Sax smirked with a spark of humor in his tired eyes. "There's something to be said about going home to a warm and willing woman at the end of a long day."
"Club sluts are warm and willing." Loco's eyebrows did a little dance.
"Yeah, but with Holly I don't have to stand in line." Snickers followed his comment.
"What about you brothers?" Loco inquired as Junior and Dancer joined us at the truck. "Want to head into Boulder City later?"
"Fuck, yeah. I'm there,” Junior chimed in excitedly.
If Junior was going I would go just to keep his ass out of trouble. 
"Me, too." Excitement gleamed in Dancer's eyes. "I need to get laid." Prospects weren't allowed to touch the club women, they were there for patched members only, so Dancer did not get as much easy release as the rest of us did.
Hell, getting laid held appeal. I wondered if Raven--or, I should say “Anne,” since that was the name that she was going by now--would be working tonight. It was ironic that she'd found work at the Naked Lady, the bar that Moody owned. Tommy and another friend of mine were keeping an eye on her, and when I'd found out about her new job, the first thing I'd wanted to know was if she was dancing. No fucking way I'd be cool with her naked and grinding her pussy on a pole in a room full of horny assholes. 
I could have paid her a visit, but I was afraid that if I did I'd force her to come back to the clubhouse with me. Fuck, I knew that I would. The woman had a hit on her head, for Christ’s sakes. She needed protection. Demon had said that it was her decision whether or not to leave, and there was nothing we could do about it. She wasn't claimed by anyone in the club. He'd looked at me expectantly when he'd told me, as if waiting for me to claim her right then and there. 
As he’d waited for me to respond, I’d thought about what claiming Raven would mean for me. The loss of freedom and gaining the responsibility of someone else. Going home to the same woman every night, fucking the same pussy. That would get old after a while. My brothers with old ladies didn't seem to mind, though. They made it look easy. “Love,” they said. When you meet The One it makes all the difference.
No, what I needed to do was get Raven out of my system, not claim her. If she’d been a drug I could have detoxed, gone cold turkey. That wouldn't work with her. The longer I was away from her, the more I wanted her. The fucking wet dreams that I'd been plagued with lately kept the memory of that one, hot night that we’d shared alive. My dick was hard now just thinking of the little minx and how her cunt had hugged my dick tight and milked it dry while her little hands had cupped my balls.
The woman had dangerous skills.
That was the reason that I found myself riding to Boulder City with my brothers, not because I needed to keep Junior out of trouble. He'd been a convenient excuse, and one that I was pretty fucking sure my brothers saw right through. They knew Raven had a job there. Thoughts of seeing her were the driving force behind my real decision to tag along. I could see for myself that she was okay. Didn't mean that I had to touch her.
I wanted to, though. I wanted to touch her badly.
There were a few bars that we usually hit when we went to Boulder City, the Naked Lady by far our favorite. They had some busty, sexy ladies dancing there with moves that could get a brother off without even touching him. Word was that before Bailey had come along, Moody had fucked them all. The servers weren't bad, either, but they were strictly off-limits. Moody ran a clean bar that was frequented by bikers and truck drivers, but a lot of the town locals liked to go there, too. They offered private rooms for customers who paid extra for lap dances.
Once we entered the city limits we hit traffic and were forced to slow down. The Naked Lady wasn't far, and we arrived to a full parking lot. Semis were parked way in the back. Some of the patrons were mulling around outside smoking, and I was fairly certain that there was a couple fucking up against the side of the building in the shadows. I motioned as we were getting off our rides, hearing my brothers’ snorts as they took in the scene.
"Fuck, yeah, man, I hope to be doing that a few times before we head back." Dancer didn't wait for us as he rushed toward the door.
The rest of us stepped inside and halted, taking a sweep of the room. It was the typical bar scene that one would expect. Noisy, crowded, naked beauties at the poles and the servers gyrating between tables and dancers as they moved from table to table serving up drinks. I scanned for an empty table but found none. The bar was full, too, but I took a step in that direction, aware that Junior, Loco, Chewy, and Bull were right behind me. Had no fucking idea where Dancer had disappeared to.
I made eye contact with Tommy as we crowded together at the end of the bar, and he danced his way over to us. "Hey, man, what brings you here?"
Loco nudged me. "I see something I want." 
I turned to see him disappear into the crowd, a smirk on my face. Whoever the bitch was, she didn't stand a chance. Loco was a smooth talker and took the time to woo a woman into his bed.
I swung back to Tommy. "A change of scenery. Whiskey." My gaze cut back to the dancers, and I focused in on one in particular. I hadn't seen her before. She had the kind of killer curves that I liked, but she was pale and not the caramel skin tone that I now craved like a fiend. She noticed me watching her and grabbed her big tits, smashing them together and then licking them. 
"You won't find her up there." The snort of humor in Tommy's voice pulled my gaze away from her. "Anne made sure I knew that she wasn't going to take her clothes off as soon as she walked through the door.
Anne. Christ, did she think a little thing like changing her name was going to protect her for long? I wondered if she was working tonight, but I wasn't going to give Tommy or any of my lingering brothers more ammunition for ribbing me. I picked up the whiskey that Tommy had set in front of me and threw it back. He immediately poured me another.
When I looked over, Chewy and Junior were gone.
"Looks like your brothers are finding their targets early."
I acknowledged Tommy's comment with a nod. "Figured we'd give the sluts at the club a night off. So, how's Anne working out?"
"Great. I was going to call you, but since you're here I might as well tell you--she's leaving." 
What the fuck? He had my full attention now. 
He shrugged. "Something about being needed back at home."
I frowned, looking down into my whiskey glass. She'd run away from home. Now that we knew why, it made sense, but what didn't make sense was her going back. Whatever had happened in her past would be waiting for her there, and she would be an easy target now. What would make her go back and put herself in danger? I didn't like it, not one fucking bit.
I raised my gaze to Tommy. "When?"
"Soon. She came in earlier, said she was sorry for leaving me in a bind but that she had to leave right away. Think it has something to do with her mother. She hasn’t been able to reach her."
Fuck. I pivoted sharply and practically plowed my way through the crowd. I didn't even take the time to tell any of my brothers where I was going. If Raven was leaving she'd be taking the bus, but I'd check her hotel room first. I jumped on my bike, spinning the back tire as I revved out of the parking lot. The stubborn woman was going to tell me what the fuck was going on. Enough was enough. I was done.
The hotel she was staying at was just down the street. I knew what her room number was, and I pulled my bike up to the door with the brass number fifteen on it, relieved to see that the lights were on inside. It was a new hotel, with lots of lighting and landscaping. 
As I was swinging my leg over the seat of my bike, I caught sight of someone a couple of doors down entering their room. Something about the way he was dressed and the way that he watched me caused the hairs at the back of my neck to stand up. I kept eyes on him until he closed his door.
Reaching Raven's door, I raised my fist and pounded on it, not caring that it was loud and strong enough to rattle the window next to it. With every hit I felt my anger raise another notch. She was too stubborn for her own good. She would be putting herself in danger by going home. I was pissed that I hadn't come for her when she’d first left the clubhouse. I should have.
"Open the fucking door, Raven!" I finally hollered when it appeared that she was going to ignore me.
The door swung open instantly, just as I raised my fist to continue pounding, and the next thing I knew I had a distraught woman throwing herself against me. I braced myself from the momentum of her little body hitting mine just before she wrapped her arms around me and held on tight.
She was a hot mess, and sobbing out of control.
"Cole! I don't know what to-to do!" I could feel the wild trembling running through her whole body. "They have m-my mother," she hiccupped, keeping her face crushed against me. "And if I do-don't go back, they'll k-kill her!" I felt her fisting the back of my cut. "I-I need help!"
I knew that we needed to get out of the doorway and back inside her room, and I walked her backwards through the door's threshold and into the room, closing the door behind me.
"I-I-I need you!" she hiccupped.
Those three little words went straight to a place that I didn't know I had, and I knew then that I would help her in any way that I could. But first, I needed answers. I spied a chair in the tiny living room and went there, sinking down into it and pulling Raven down on my lap. She continued to cry and I let her, mostly because I didn't know what else to do. I wasn't a man who dealt with emotions well, and a crying woman had always made me fucking uncomfortable. I just held her tight, and eventually I felt her body relax as calm overtook the turmoil.
I waited a solid five minutes from her last sob before asking, "You ready to talk, baby?" 
She nodded. I couldn't see much of her face due to her hair being in it, so I gently brushed it aside. The brightest green eyes that I'd ever seen lifted to mine, glossy and filled with desperation. Her little nose was bright red, and her beautiful face was blotchy. She'd been crying for some time. An emotion I couldn't identify surged through me that caused my arms to tighten even more around her. 
"Then talk."
She wiped at her eyes and made a move to get up.
"No, baby. I want you right here." She settled back against me. "What happened in Bisbee that made you run?" I tried to ignore how good her weight felt against my lap, and how the scent of her teased me into wanting to find out if she tasted just as good.
"I saw someone murdered," she admitted in a croaky voice. 
Fuck, that’s not what I’d been expecting. 
"It happened in the alley between the club where I worked and another business. I was leaving one night, and there were four men there. Three of them were beating the other one up, and then . . .  and then I saw one of the men shoot him in the head." 
I could tell by the look in her eyes that there was more, and I waited for her to continue. 
"He was a policeman, Cole," she said softly.
"The man they killed?"
She shook her head. "No, the man who did the killing. He was the policeman."
Holy fuck. No wonder she’d run. She couldn't go to the police because she didn't know who she could trust. "Were the other two?"
"No."
"Did you get a clear look at them?
"I think I can identify two of them if I were to see them again. But the policeman, he kept in the shadows, but I'll never forget his voice."
I ran my hand over my lower jaw, frowning as an ominous thought occurred to me. There'd been another killing in Bisbee around the same time. Cain. "What about the man they shot?"
She shook her head sadly. "They beat him up pretty bad. From what I could see of his face, it barely looked human. His long hair was wet and saturated with his blood and clinging to his face."
Cain had had long hair, but that meant shit. "Did you hear anything?"
She grew quiet for a minute, trying to recall. "Yes! I'd forgotten until now. Right before the policeman shot him, he said, "Say hi to your dad for us in hell."
Fuck. I digested what she’d said. If she'd witnessed Cain being murdered then it was no wonder that they’d put a hit out on her. They couldn't afford for the Soulless Demons to find out. I had a feeling that I knew who the cop was, a dirty fucker who took bribes on both sides and owed his loyalty to no one. That made him dangerous, because you couldn't trust him, and if you were stupid enough to do business with him, you took your chances.
"They saw me running away, Cole." Raven's soft admission brought me back to the present. "Mom and I didn't realize until later that one of them got my license plate number. We'd already decided that I would leave my car behind, in storage."
"Smart," I said with relief. "Who came up with the lie to get my club to take you in?"
Raven glanced down, but not before I saw the regret on her face. "Does it matter?"
"No." I tried to keep my tone neutral, but I'd never liked being lied to, for any reason.
"I'm sorry, Cole," she said in a weak voice. "If it makes any difference, I didn't want to lie to you." 
That told me that her mother had probably been the one who'd come up with the ex-boyfriend shit. I could almost understand that, a mother protecting her daughter. "Why didn't you just tell me all this before?" I couldn't keep the hardness out of my tone. She should have trusted me.
"Would it have mattered, Cole? All you were worried about was the trouble I could bring to your club." 
I wasn't proud of that but it was true. I took my job as Enforcer seriously, and the safety of my brothers and the MC always came first. 
"That's why I left there. I don't want anyone hurt because of me."
I exhaled loudly. "What's this shit about your mother?"
New tears brightened her eyes. "I haven't been able to get in touch with her. She hasn't returned any of my messages. My sisters don't know what's going on, but they were contacted and told not to go to the police or they'd never see her alive again. Then earlier today I received a phone call from her phone, only it wasn't my mom. It was a man saying that if I wanted to see her alive, I had to come back."
I shook my head, angry that Raven thought she could deal with this all on her own. She was stubborn, but the woman that I'd met at the door had been vulnerable and overwhelmed. I felt guilt for making her feel that she'd had to leave the protection of our compound. It hadn't been my intention. Desert Rebels would never let a woman that they were associated with deal with this kind of shit alone, as long as the woman was honest and upfront about what was going on. That's why I'd had eyes on Raven since she’d left. I'd got in touch with an old friend of mine from my stint in the military, Brody Savage, and had hired him to stay with her, but covertly. Demon had pointed out that she wasn't a claimed woman, so that left me with no choice but to pay someone on my own to protect her.
Savage wasn't a true nomad in that he didn't travel the country like most did, but he was a dangerous son-of-a-bitch and a loner. He took on jobs of all kinds. I’d known that Raven would be safe with the ex-army sniper following her around. When I’d entered the parking lot of her hotel, I'd seen his bike backed into the spot in front of room fourteen. 
I was fucking surprised that he hadn't already come knocking on Raven's door. He had to know that I was there.
"What are you thinking?" her small voice asked.
"That you need help."
"Are you going to help me?"
"Yes."
Suddenly there was a hard knock on the door. 
Chapter 20


Raven


I jumped at the unexpected knock, which had come from the door that connected my room to my neighbor’s. My heart skipped a beat as I wondered who it could be, my mind automatically going to hit men. Cole grinned down at me, unconcerned.
"It's okay, baby, he's a friend." 
He gave me a little nudge and I got off his lap, still a little hesitant, in spite of his comment. When he reached back and checked for the weapon that was tucked into the back of his pants, it spiked my fear. Why would he do that if it was a friend on the other side of the door? He unlocked the door, keeping his hand on his gun, ready to draw it quickly if needed. He opened the door and came face to face with Christian Bale. 
Well, I knew that he wasn't the Christian Bale, but he could have doubled as a younger version of the handsome actor. He was a little rougher around the edges, with longer hair, and  taller with a much sturdier build, but his dark hair and eyes and his strong, intensely serious face resembled the actor so much that I couldn't stop staring at him. If he was Cole's friend, his expression certainly didn't reflect it.
"Hey, man, heard you come in." His voice was incredibly deep.
"Savage, brother, long time no see." 
He wasn't dressed like a biker. He was wearing a bomber-style leather jacket that looked soft as butter and well-worn over his shirt, faded jeans, and what looked like cowboy boots. Cole was tall, a couple of inches over six feet, but this man was taller.
I was relieved to see Cole relax the hand that had been poised on the handle of his weapon. The two men pulled each other in for a man-hug, and then Cole turned around and the man, Savage, followed him into the room. 
I met Cole's eyes, his smile putting me at ease.
"Raven--" Cole halted between us. "This is Brody Savage. He's an old friend."
Brody gave me a nod of acknowledgement, but his expression didn't change. "Nice to meet the woman I've been trailing for a week."
My eyes shot to Cole with surprise. 
He shrugged. "Did you think I was going to let you roam around unprotected for a week with a fucking hit on your head?"
"But . . . I don't understand." I truly didn't. He'd had someone following me for an entire week? How could I have not known that? I glanced at his friend again, but I didn't recognize him. I returned my gaze to Cole, seeing him in a different light. I'd thought that all he cared about was his MC. He'd made that clear enough. 
His callused hand cupped my cheek, making his dismissal hurt less. "I'll explain later." His interest shifted back to Brody. "Anything?"
"Not until today," I heard him respond as I headed toward the bed. I plopped down onto it using the headboard as a backrest. "Man next door arrived this morning. He's been acting suspicious."
"I saw him. Listen, we're going to be leaving first thing in the morning. Can you hang around until then? Make sure the bastard doesn't follow us?"
"First thing in the morning!" I hadn't planned on waiting that long. 
Both men turned my way, but it was Cole who made eye contact with me. "May as well get a good night's sleep."
"I was planning on sleeping on the bus."
"You'll be on the back of my bike," he said firmly. 
He’s so bossy, I thought to myself. My gaze slid over to Brody, who had a knowing smirk on his face. Knowing that he'd been following me around for a week, it occurred to me that I at least owed him a thank you. It still amazed me that I hadn't noticed him, he was definitely note worthy. 
"Thank you for making sure that I was okay this week, Mr. Savage. Although, I don't know how I missed seeing you."
His eyes crinkled at the corners when he grinned. "It's just Savage, darlin', and it was my pleasure." Even when he smiled his expression had a hard, intense look about it. "I'll be here ‘til morning," he said to Cole. 
"Thanks, brother." They turned toward the connecting door. "I owe you."
Savage glanced around Cole, his eyes connecting with mine briefly before returning to Cole’s. "Don't screw this up."
Cole grunted and shut and locked the door on his friend. I wondered what Savage had meant by that, but judging from Cole's reaction, I'd say that he knew. When he turned back to me his face was void of expression, but the look in his hard eyes said it all--he wasn't happy about his friend's remark. 
"I have some calls to make. I'll be right outside the door." His gaze flickered over me almost indifferently. "Might as well get some sleep."
After he left the room, I got up to change out of my jeans and tee. I'd already packed my small bag to leave, desperate to get on the road to get home. My sisters were frantic and terrified over what was going on, and I'd had to tell them the truth in order to stop them from going to the police. If we wanted to keep our mother alive, we had to play by the rules of whoever had her, and he'd been very specific. I knew what going back home would mean for me, but I would have done anything to keep my family safe. 
I made sure that Amber and Martha knew how important it was for them to keep their mouths shut. I had to hope that as long as they said nothing, the men that were after me would leave them alone. They’d been told not to share what they knew with our brothers, either. The less people who knew what I'd witnessed, the better and safer it would be for everyone. The less I had to worry about. Maybe I was being naïve in thinking that, but it's what kept me from losing my mind. 
As I crawled in between the covers in just my tee and panties, my thoughts drifted to my mother, wondering how she was dealing with all this. I prayed that she showed common sense by not fighting with the men who'd taken her, and that she realized how dire the circumstances were. She was a strong woman and not afraid to stand up for herself or others, but this was an unpredictable and dangerous situation. She needed to not make waves, because these men were killers and wouldn't hesitate to hurt her. The thought of them hurting her brought tears to my eyes.
I wondered if they still had a hit out on me since they were now making me go to them. They'd called me from my mother's phone, knowing that it was the only way I would have answered the call, which meant that they still didn't know where I was. Using my middle name while wearing a blond wig that I'd borrowed from one of the dancers, a lot of makeup, and glasses at work all week had probably helped me stay hidden. The wig and glasses alone had made a big change in my appearance. 
I closed my eyes and prayed for sleep, but I couldn’t get the sound of the caller's hateful voice out of my head. 
If you go to the police, we kill your mother. 
If you tell anyone what you saw, we kill your mother.
If you want to see your mother alive again, return home immediately. 
You have two days.
He hadn't said anything about what to do once I got home. The only thing I could do was wait around for him to make contact again. I hadn't recognized his voice. It hadn't been the policeman that I’d seen commit the murder, which meant that it had been one of the other two men that had been there. For all I knew, there were more people involved than just the three men that I'd seen. 
I could hear Cole's mumbled words through the door, but I couldn't make out what he was saying. He'd taken charge, and I couldn't deny that it brought me some relief. I had a feeling that he was familiar with dealing with this kind of situation.  What I couldn’t understand was why his primary concern had switched from the safety of his MC to mine. I was as confused as ever.
He was going to help me, but why? I had nothing to do with his MC. We weren't in a relationship. Sure, there was an attraction between us, and we'd had a night of smoking hot sex, which I wouldn't have minded repeating, but he didn't owe me anything. He could easily walk away and not look back. Maybe he thrived on this kind of danger, like some people thrived on racing cars and hang gliding. There was something about the adrenaline rush. Whatever it was, I was thankful that I didn't have to face this alone.
As I tried to shut down the thoughts swirling around in my brain, I let the comforting drone of Cole's voice lull me into sleep.

****


Cole


I paced back and forth before Raven's door, trying to keep my voice down so that my words didn't carry inside. I didn't want her to know until she woke up in the morning that I wasn't taking her home. No fucking way. My first call had been to my president. He needed to know what was going down, plus I respected his input. I'd already made my decision to go after the fuckers who were threatening Raven, and to rescue her mother, and I'd need the backup of my MC. 
His first fucking question had been predictable. "Are you claiming her?" 
I clenched my jaw tight. I'd expected him to ask, and my standard response of, “hell fucking no” wouldn't come out of my mouth. I knew that he wouldn't jeopardize my brothers or the MC for just pussy. If I claimed Raven, the club would follow me into the flames of hell to protect her, and Demon's question was meant to remind me of that. I couldn't fault him for that, even if it was going to force me into committing to something that I didn't want.
I exhaled loudly, running my hand through my hair. I could almost see his smirk. "I'm claiming her." I wanted to make sure that there was no chance for a misunderstanding. 
"You know that we're still looking for Devil's Soldiers, that we have that shit to deal with."
I hadn't forgotten. How could I, when my brothers and I went out every chance we got to follow up on leads and search out locations where one or more had been spotted? The fuckers managed to stay one step ahead of us. "Could be months before we find them." Why did we have to play this fucking game? "I don't plan the trip to Bisbee taking that long."
"You have an idea where Raven's mother is being held?"
"Nope. But I'm hoping Shark will."
"Why's that?"
"I think Raven witnessed Cain's murder."
"Fuck, brother, what gives you that idea?"
"She said she witnessed three men killing another man one night after she left work."
"So that's why she's here, she's running. They see her?"
"Said they got her tag as she was leaving."
"Well, that explains the hit. They know she witnessed the murder."
"Yep. Raven said a cop was involved. Can't ID him, but she thinks she can the other two. She said she heard the cop say something right before putting a bullet in the man's head, something about saying hi to his dad in hell for them. I'm hoping this information will mean something to Shark."
"Sure sounds like it could be Cain."
"Need to call Shark. He might know of a crooked cop in Bisbee. At least it's a place to start."
"Knowing Shark, he'll want to get involved. So far he doesn't have shit on who killed Cain."
"That's what I'm hoping for, brother."
"Okay, I'll call Shark. See you in the morning."
I’d figured Demon would want to make the call. He was friendlier with the Soulless Bastard president than I was. If it turned out that he knew of a crooked cop and could make a connection, we'd be able to kill two birds with one fucking stone. He'd get his VP's killer, and we'd get Raven's mother. I could only hope that shit turned out to be that easy.
I opened the door to hear Raven snoring softly. Grinning, I closed and locked the door and walked closer to the bed. As I began to remove my clothes, I stared down at her sleeping form. She looked like an angel lying there--no, scratch that, she was a fucking goddess, teasing me even in sleep, tempting me to ravish her. Her expression was sweet and serene in sleep, innocent, all that fucking hair spread out in silky strands around her face. Her full lips were parted slightly, giving me a tiny glimpse of her pearly whites.
She made me want her like a fucking drug. I couldn't remember wanting a woman with the intensity that I did Raven. In the back of my mind, I kept telling myself that all it would take was a few more fucks to get her out of my system. She was just a woman, like all the others, yet something about her was different. I wanted to fuck her now. Hell, my dick was asking me what I was waiting for, but I wouldn't. Not tonight, anyway. She needed her sleep.
I crawled in next to her. She turned against me and nestled her little body right up against mine, planting her ass against me as if she'd done it a hundred times before. I curled my arm around her enjoying the feel of her against my dick. It throbbed strongly against her, but other than a low moan, Raven didn't stir.
I grinned.
Tonight I was holding a purring kitten against me.
In the morning, I'd have to deal with a spitting tigress. 


****

Raven


I awoke to a persistent throbbing against my bottom and knew immediately what it was. I also had a rough hand curled around my breast from underneath my shirt. I wasn't surprised to find Cole there in bed with me. After all, my room only had one bed. As for sleeping against him all night, which I certainly must have done, the feel of being protected and safe had fed into my sub-consciousness and allowed me to get a good night sleep.
His light breath warmed the back of my neck where his face was buried. I wondered if he were still asleep, or if he just hadn't wanted to wake me by moving first. Cole didn't strike me as the kind of man who cared about such things. The thought of his thoughtfulness warmed me, while the feel of his hot cock prodding against my ass made me hot. It seemed as if it had been so long since I'd had that monster muscle inside me, pleasuring me in ways that I'd only fantasized about before. A friend had once told me that size didn't matter, that what mattered was what they did with it, and Cole had been blessed with both size and skill.
I moved ever so slightly against the crown of his cock, feeling the wetness of pre-cum against my exposed cheek. Somehow my panties had shifted during the night. I moaned with pleasure, marveling at how hot his flesh felt. I wanted him inside me, filling me with his big cock, the image causing wetness to slip through my labia and dampen my panties. It caused a little tickle in my clit. A whimper escaped me before I could rein it in, and that's when I realized that Cole was indeed awake.
His hand cupped my breast, his thumb playing with my erect nipple, sending a sharp tingle down to my clit. He rolled me onto my back and brushed my mouth with his in a tender exploration before forming a harder connection that stole my breath. I opened my mouth to his coaxing tongue, excitement racing through me when Cole seemed to lose control and covered my body with his. The large organ between his thighs nestled against my needy pussy.
His groan vibrated through our joined mouths as he plundered my mouth with quick, hot jabs of his tongue. My tongue reciprocated in the erotic tango, drinking up the hard passion we exchanged. An inferno burned inside me, starting at my core and blossoming into a kaleidoscope of sensations throughout my body. More wetness escaped my body, and I knew my panties had to be soaked.
I was so turned on that I began to writhe beneath Cole, my hands roaming over his body, discovering the chiseled muscles that took my breath away. I explored his broad shoulders down the slope of his back to the taut globes of his firm ass, marveling at the rippling of his muscles beneath my palms. All I wanted was for him to be inside me, and I arched my hips into his erection, encouraging him silently.
"Fuck me, Cole." I wasn't ashamed to ask. I didn't care how desperate I sounded.
"In time, baby." He said the words against my swollen lips, grinding his cock against my wet panties. "I'll fuck you until you can't walk." It was a promise that I looked forward to.
He pushed my tee up my body, exposing my breasts to his longing gaze, and then he kissed and nibbled his way over my chest before reaching a breast and latching on to a nipple. I moaned with pleasure as he tugged strongly on the bud, dragging my nails down his back and causing Cole to stiffen with a grunt. His mouth continued to lavish attention to both breasts, and I transferred my hands to his head, threading my fingers through his thick hair and holding him against me. "Yes!" I hissed, my toes curling with the feeling he evoked. 
He could love on my swollen, achy breasts all day as far as I was concerned, but Cole had other ideas. Lips, teeth, and tongue began to tease and torture my hungry flesh as he made his way down my body, leaving goose bumps in his wake, pausing to shove my panties aside to lick my slit, before traveling down my legs and back up again. I knew what his intentions were when I felt his hot breath against my pussy.
I caught my breath, meeting his eyes when he glanced up at me. A crooked grin spread across his face. His expression was raw, almost primal with the intensity of his arousal. Mine had to mirror his. I was so excited I could feel my heart racing in my chest, barely able to catch my breath. I was twisting with need, willing Cole to carry on, begging him to. I lifted my hips, nudging his chin to get him back on track.
His sexy grin grew wider, humor flickering in his lusty eyes. "Eager for my tongue?"
"God, yes! Stop teasing me!" I didn't appreciate his laugh, and I gasped loudly when he tore my panties away. 
"You asked for it, baby."
He dove in, literally, burying his face in my pussy and devouring me. The slurping sounds, the way his mouth sucked on my swollen labia and clit, and the depth that his tongue penetrated me all caused me to arch sharply and cry out. The pleasure was almost overwhelming. I clenched my hands into the twisted covers beneath me, throwing my head back and letting my senses become saturated with all that was Cole. 
My hips lifted. His tongue fucked me. The sounds of mutual satisfaction echoed loudly through the room. I was helpless to do anything but lay there and take the exquisite pleasure Cole was subjecting my quivering body to. My clit was swollen and throbbing, overwhelmed by the feel of the sweep of his tongue, and when his lips closed around it and sucked hard, I cried out, seeing stars. He slid his hands beneath my bottom and held me tightly against his mouth, burying his tongue in deep.
"Cole!" I came like a geyser, fast and hard, all over his tongue. His deep grunt revealed his approval as he fucked me through my orgasm. I convulsed helplessly, panting out of control. Cole continued to lap at my pussy long after I was spent, and my body slowly came down from the incredible high. After a minute I couldn't take any more, my body too sensitive. I put my hands against his head to push him away while I lowered my hips deeper into the bed to escape the connection.
My attempt to push him away was met with deep laughter. "Oh, no, baby." Cole grabbed both my wrists in one of his big hands and moved up my body. "I'm just starting on your little pussy." He settled his naked body on mine, pinning my arms above my head. He growled deeply, rubbing his chest against my breasts. "Fucking love your tits against me." He glanced down. "Those hard, little nipples." They were as hard as diamonds, and aching.
I felt his long, hot cock slip between my legs against my wet pussy, and whimpered. 
"Fuck." He thrust against me. "So fucking wet down there, baby." He kissed the curve of my jaw. "You're going to feel so good on my dick." One hand still grasped my wrists above my head. His other hand skimmed down my side, over my hip, and around to my ass. He didn't stop there, but continued until his fingers were buried in the crevice and teasing the little hole he found.
I sucked in my breath and shivered. 
He kissed me, letting me taste myself on his mouth. The scent and taste on his mouth was strangely erotic. Seconds ago his tongue had been in my pussy, and now it was thrusting against my tongue. If he thought his kiss was keeping my mind off where his fingers were, he was sadly mistaken. I knew exactly when his finger breeched my anus. The unexpected sting of his penetration was dimmed by the just-as-unexpected pleasure that followed.
A hum of bliss traveled up my throat. 
My reaction must have surprised Cole. "You like my finger in your dirty little hole?" He began to move it in and out slowly. "What about my big dick, baby? You want my big, fat dick fucking your tight little ass?"
My only response was a long, low wail and the need to have his cock inside me. "Cole, fuck me!" I knew that I sounded desperate, but I didn't care. I began to struggle against the hand holding my wrists.
"Answer my question, Raven." His finger continued to plow into me.
I emitted a sound of frustration. "Yes! Yes I want your big, fat cock in my ass!" 
A savage growl came from Cole, and then he entered me with a single hard thrust, gliding over all my pleasure points until the large crown of his cock was against my cervix. It didn't hurt, and the pleasure came from the knowledge that he was just that big. He filled me to capacity, and it was easy clenching my muscles around him and rendering him weak. I reveled in the shudder that went through his big body.
"That's it, big man. Fuck me! Fuck me good!"
"How rough can you take it, baby?" he panted, looking down into my eyes.
"Break me!" I whispered, feeling my body jolt with every plunge of his iron rod. The mild sting of his balls slapping against me added to my ecstasy. 
Cole's response was to pick up speed. He was hammering my body with hard, deep strokes that fanned my arousal to heights that I'd never experienced before. It wasn't just his cock fucking me, but his whole body. Skin gliding on skin, creating a fire between us. 
"Look at those tits," he grunted. I glanced down to see them jiggling wildly. "Touch them!" he demanded.
He released my hands and I did as he wanted. I cupped my breasts and squeezed them, twisting my nipples under his lusty gaze. Then I reached up with one hand and did the same to his nipple. He groaned loudly. I felt him swelling inside me and knew that he was close. I squeezed my breasts together and licked at my nipples.
"Jesus!" he snapped. "That's fucking hot, baby."
"You feel so good inside me," I murmured, meaning it. I released my breasts and started running my hands over him. "You make me feel so good." I rolled my head from side to side.
"It is good, baby. Fucking good."
I felt his rough hands caress down to my hips, curling around to my bottom, and then I was lifted up and pulled even closer against him. He moved even faster, slamming his loins into mine. 
"Going to fucking come, baby. Going to fill your cunt up with so much cum you won't be able to take it all." He grunted with every thrust. I clamped down on him, sensing that was what it would take to make him lose control. 
I watched the rapture spread across his strong face, and knew the second that he found relief. I felt his cock swell even more inside as Cole fused his loins to mine and gave a thundering roar, "Fuuuuccckkk!" 
I felt his release inside me, felt the heavy ropes of his seed with every pump of his cock. I was out of breath and he was panting harshly, sweat covering our bodies. Cole sank down onto me. I could feel the fierce pounding of his heart, and wondered if he felt mine. I wrapped my arms around him to show him that his weight didn't bother me. We basked in the glow for a few moments until Cole's deflated cock slipped out of my body, and then we both broke the silence with a moan. 
Cole had kept his promise. As he shifted away, I felt some of his cum escape my pussy. I pushed my shirt down to cover my breasts and brought the edge of the sheet over my lower body, as he relaxed on his back in all his naked glory. I didn't expect any cuddling from him. I knew that there would be no words of love or commitment. Cole was good at revealing what he was feeling during sex, but not so much afterwards. I'd learned after the first time we'd had sex that he seemed to go into a kind of denial afterwards, as if the only way that he could deal with what had just happened was by pretending that it hadn't.
I had a feeling that sex for him was different with the club sluts. After all, the girls there knew they were just there for no strings attached sex. 
If he could pretend the sex we'd just shared was no big deal, then I could, too. "Don't you think it's time we leave?" I sat up and put my feet on the floor, and then ran my hands through my ratted hair, working out some of the knots. His silence caused me to look at him over my shoulder. 
There was a smirk on his face. "I was hoping we'd go another round before leaving." His eyes raked over me boldly.
"Oh, you did?" I couldn't help returning his smile. "I have enough of your cum inside me." 
I was going for shock, but what I got instead was instant lust. It filled Cole's eyes, turning them a cobalt blue, and I had the feeling that if I didn't leave the bed he would pounce. The only problem was that I didn't have any panties on and my tee didn't begin to cover my girly parts. I wasn't shy, but wagging my naked ass in front of him could give him the impression that he could fuck me any time he wanted, and I wasn't going to make it easy for him.
Before I could guess at what he was going to do, Cole pulled me down onto my back, lying half on top of me. I opened my mouth to lay into him, but all I got out was a shocked gasp, because his fingers were suddenly inside me.
"Damn, woman, you can't say shit like that and not expect me to want to check it out. Especially when I'm the man who filled your sweet cunt." He wiggled his fingers around before bringing them out and showing them to me. They were glistening and thickly coated with cum. "Fuck, baby, I want to put some more there. I want to fill your ass up with it. I want to mark you all over."
God, his filthy words and the images they brought to mind turned me on. As our gazes clung with renewed lust, Cole slowly brought his fingers to my lips and traced the seam, spreading his cum over them. There was nothing hotter. He bent forward and planted his lips on mine, grinding it in. I moaned, and just as my weak self was about to submit to him and jump his sexy bones, he pulled back.
"I want to fuck you again, but it's going to have to wait. You're right. We need to get on the road."
I stared speechless as Cole got off the bed and disappeared into the bathroom. I could hear him peeing from where I sat on the bed. My lips were sticky with his cum, and I reached up to touch them, still slightly shocked at what he'd done. I’d been even more shocked when he'd walked away from me. 
I convinced myself that it was better this way as I rummaged through my bag for my panties, then I quickly dressed. Priorities, Raven, I said to myself.
Fucking Cole was not a priority.
Fucking Cole was a spine tingling, core clenching luxury. 
Chapter 21


Cole


I was standing in the open doorway of Raven's hotel room, waiting for her to come out of the bathroom, when the door to the next room opened. The asshole that I'd noticed the night before came out, carrying a small bag. It was obvious that he was leaving. We made eye contact. He looked away before he reached his car and stowed his bag in the trunk. I could have been paranoid, and maybe he wasn’t someone that I needed to worry about, but there was one thing I did know--he was carrying. I could see the bulge beneath his denim jacket. He got into his car and started it, shooting one last look at me before backing out and leaving.
"I'm ready."
I hadn't even heard her approach. I glanced down at her freshly washed face, picturing what her lips had looked like smeared with my cum. All signs were gone now, but I bet her pussy was still leaking. It gave me savage pleasure to know that she was walking around with some of me inside her. I had claimed her, and while she didn’t know it yet, I would make sure that she did soon. 
I just had to decide what claiming her meant for me.
"I've already stowed your bag." I closed the door behind us.
"I need to check out."
"Already taken care of." I mounted my bike. I had put in a call to the front desk when she was in the bathroom and paid her remaining balance on my card.
"But—"
I grinned at the confusion on her face, and, unable to stop myself, I pulled her in for a brief kiss. "Get on, baby." 
She opened her mouth, and then, thinking better of it, clamped it shut again. 
"Smart woman."
She climbed on and wrapped her arms around me. I wasn't satisfied with her position and reached back, curling my arm around the back of her and jerking her tighter against me. I ignored her huff. "Want to feel that pussy up against me." 
She hit my arm. "You're so dirty!"
I started my bike. "You love it!" I shouted over the noise.
I knew the shit was going to hit the fan when she discovered that I wasn't taking her to Bisbee. I aimed my bike for home, knowing that I wouldn't have to deal with her until we reached the clubhouse. The question was how long it would take her to realize that we were going in the opposite direction of Bisbee. 
It was early, and the desert sun was already beating down on us. I opened the throttle, exhilarating in the freedom that came with racing down the road and the sting of the wind against my face. There was fucking nothing like it. I'd had reservations when Killer had first decided to buy the old, abandoned movie set to turn into a clubhouse, but it had turned out to be the best investment we'd made. The roads were long and isolated, and gave us the freedom to go full throttle.
The location of the original clubhouse had, until recently, worked out in our favor, too. We still hadn’t figured out how the fucking Devil's Soldiers had gotten close enough to attack us. There were speculations, but nothing concrete. There had been the suggestion that drones armed with explosives and weapons had carried out the attack, but none of the survivors had seen or heard anything to support this theory.
We ate up the miles fast, and I could sense the instant Raven realized that we were going in the wrong direction. I felt it in the way she become rigid against me, so I was surprised that she waited until we got all the way to the new clubhouse before she said anything. Oz opened the gate when he saw us approaching, and I rode up to the clubhouse. Raven barely waited for the bike to stop before she jumped off and face me angrily. I shut down my bike and glared at her.
"Don't you ever get off my bike like that again," I growled.
She slapped her hands on her hips, ignoring me. "You never intended to take me to Bisbee, did you?!" 
Damn. She was a sight when she was mad, flushed beauty, heaving tits. Made my dick twitch. "Cool your pussy down, baby. I'm still going."
"And I'm going with you, Cole. She's my mother. It's me they want, and if I don't show up they're going to kill her. What part of that don't you understand, asshole?"
My brows shot up at her insult. "There's no fucking way you're going." I didn't want to tell her that there was a good chance that her mother was already dead. "There's more involved here than you know, and we'll deal with it." I brought my leg over the saddle.
Her eyes were like sparkling jewels of green ice glaring at me. "Why? Why all of a sudden are you willing to deal with it when before all you were worried about was your stupid club?"
Now I was angry. No one disrespected Desert Rebels. I grabbed Raven by the shoulders and brought her up close to my face. "Watch your fucking mouth, woman. This stupid club is the one that’s taking care of your shit and protecting you. And why all of a sudden?" I snarled down at her. "Because I fucking claimed your ass." I released her, dug out her bag, turned, and walked toward the door. It was a nice door. The club's name was engraved in the heavy wood.
"Wait one minute!" Raven reached me just as I was about to push the door in, grabbing me by the arm. I glanced down at her. "I don't understand. I mean, I know what it means to be claimed by one of you, but why me?"
My eyes shifted, taking in our surroundings, or more specifically, who was surrounding us. Loco and Junior were mulling around outside the opened bay doors of the warehouse, but their interest was on us. So was Bull's, who'd just exited his RV. We were getting rid of all of the RVs this afternoon, and he had a box in his arms as he headed our way. If they hadn't already heard that I'd claimed Raven, they knew now.
I grabbed her hand and pulled her behind me. "Come on." I intended to finish this conversation in the privacy of my room, which was now our room. Surprisingly, Raven remained quiet as I dragged her through the new bar and up the stairs. Opening my door, I pulled her inside and slammed it shut behind us. 
Raven stood there, defiance in every bone of her compact little body, the anger fairly rolling off her in waves. I'd like to take her, toss her onto the bed, and fuck the attitude right out of her, but the hard glitter in her eyes warned me that she would put up a hell of a fight. 
"I'm waiting," she snapped. "Am I your old lady now?"
I snorted. "Fuck, no," I lied, not ready to admit the truth even to myself. "Claiming you was the only way my club would protect you and get involved in your situation. I need their back up when I go to Bisbee."
Her expression softened, and—fuck me—tears filled her eyes. "You're still going to help me?"
"Jesus, Raven, what kind of man do you think I am?" I growled, uncomfortable with her show of emotion. "Let me give you the condensed version of what it means when one of us claims a woman." I stepped closer to her. "It means you belong to me, in every fucking way. It means your pain is my pain. When you're in trouble, I deal with it. I protect you and keep you safe above my own life. My brothers feel the same way about you."
She blinked up at me, a tear falling down her cheek like a liquid diamond. "So what does that make me if not an old lady?"
"Family," I said simply. "And my main chic." 
She rolled her eyes. "So I'm just another club slut?"
I knew that she hadn’t meant what she’d said literally, but I still felt the need to explain. "No, baby. You won't be giving your pussy up to anyone but me." I didn't want any misunderstandings about that. "No one puts his cum inside you."
She sucked in her breath, a flicker of awareness breaking through the liquid gloss covering her eyes. It was obvious that my filthy comment turned her on. My gaze dropped to her tits, her nipples hard as little pebbles, calling out to me. There wasn't time to fuck Raven again like I wanted to, but it didn't stop me from reaching out and pinching the enticing peaks through her tee.
"My dirty words turn you on." It was a fact, not a question. She nodded. Smirking, I hooked my fingers in the rounded collar of her shirt and gently pulled her against me. Her hands flattened against my chest, her head tilted up, her lips parted, and I swooped in and slammed my mouth down on hers.
My dick got hard the instant her little tongue jabbed at mine. I groaned with a mixture of arousal and regret. I grabbed the cheeks of her ass encased in tight denim and squeezed the luscious globes tightly, grinding my dick against her. Her little claws curled into my chest, and her whimper was my reward. I reached up and took a handful of her hair, pulling her head back roughly and capturing her gaze with mine. I stared long and hard into her dilated orbs, breathing hard through my nose.
She didn't say anything, but I knew what she wanted. I wanted it, too. I walked her backwards until I had her crushed against the wall. "Get those fucking jeans down," I ordered against her swollen mouth as I reached for my own, quickly undoing them and lowering the zipper. My dick burst through the opening as I jerked my jeans down to my knees.
"Oh, God!" Raven cried out when I lifted her and impaled her on my dick. She wrapped her legs around me and I went to town, fucking her fast and hard.
"Nothing hotter than sinking my dick into your juicy snatch, baby." It was the truth. Raven was made for my dick. Sliding into her wet heat was a combination of sensations that were hard to define. Her pussy was a tight fitting sheath that hugged every fucking inch of my dick right up to the root. As I pumped in and out, I reached down to play with her clit. My balls were already full and ready to blow.
"Yes!" she hissed against my neck, rocking with my movements. "Fuck me hard, Cole! I want to feel you after you leave."
Christ! I almost lost it then and there. A club slut could have uttered the same fucking words, and it wouldn't have had the same effect on me that Raven’s did. I flicked my finger against her clit, feeling her wild tremor, grunting with pleasure when it forced her body to clamp down on my dick. I continued to piston in and out of her, the sound of our bodies slapping together and heavy breathing music in the room. 
"Come for me." Her little clit was engorged and stiff, and I rubbed it until her breathing began to rise, revealing that she was getting close. I yanked my dick out of her sopping pussy and ran the crown up and down her slit and over her little rosebud. "I want to hear you scream my name, baby."
"I'm coming!" she wailed, loud enough to be heard throughout the clubhouse. She was quivering uncontrollably. "Cole!"
I slammed my dick back inside her, wanting to feel her pussy contract around me when she came. I fucked her through her orgasm, groaning at the heat and cream exploding around my organ. It was more than I could handle, and I bellowed my release, shooting my seed deep inside her body. "Aaarrghhhh!" I didn't give a fuck if my brothers could hear me. I pumped cum inside her until my balls were empty and the urge was gone. I kept Raven pinned against the wall as we struggled to catch our breath and our bodies stopped twitching.
"Wow, it gets better and better," she said weakly.
It fucking did. I pulled back a little to meet her eyes. A fresh fucked Raven was staring back at me, contentment in her lazy look, a tiny smile playing on her parted lips. I lowered my hands from her ass when my limp dick slipped from her body. 
She lowered her legs, giggling. "I don't know if I can stand right now."
"Then I've done my job," I said with cocky satisfaction. "Didn't mean for that to happen, but you're a hard woman to resist. I got to get on the road."
Her expression turned serious. "Cole—"
I could hear all of the questions in that one little word. I could hear the worry and the fear. I exhaled loudly and placed my forehead against hers, wishing I could promise her that everything would be alright. But the truth was, I didn't know that, and I wasn't going to lie to her. All I could do was give her something hopeful to cling to, and hope it was enough.
"Look, we don't normally discuss club business with the women, but since this is your mother I'll tell you as much as I can. Some of my brothers and I are meeting up with another MC in Bisbee. We think the man you saw murdered was a member of their club, and they've been looking for his killers. The crooked cop, and the words you heard him say before he ended the man, is the connection." She didn't look convinced. "I'll do everything within my power to get your mother out of there alive." 
"And I'm supposed to just hang here until you get back?"
"Yep. If you’re here I won’t have to worry about your ass. Okay?" I knew that she wasn't exactly cool with it, but she had to see that it was better this way. She would only be in the way if she came along, and I didn't want to put her in danger. "Let's go, my brothers are waiting."
It was decided that Sax, Colton, and Chewy would go with me. I hoped that the situation in Bisbee could be resolved in a couple of days but we had to plan shit carefully. You couldn't just take out a cop without creating problems, and the last thing we needed was to bring the law down on our heads. 
Demon had called Shark about our suspicions about the night before, and as soon as he'd mentioned that a cop had been involved, Shark had known who it was. And he had a good idea who the other two men were, too. They were lackeys who worked for the pig. If this was true, the hit had had nothing to do with the MC. It had been personal. Apparently, Cain and the cop in question had bad blood between their families.
Worst case scenario, the men Raven had seen weren't the same men that Shark had in mind, and that would put us back at square one. 
I stepped off the stairs, seeing my brothers waiting for me at the shiny new bar. The room was twice the size of our old clubhouse. Everything was new and clean, but I knew that wouldn't last. Desert Rebels were a rowdy bunch, and we liked to drink and party. We didn't care if the furniture looked old and scarred or the floors gouged and stained. Material things weren't important to us.
"We're ready, brother!" Sax called out. I gave a chin nod and the three of them left their stools and began walking my way. 
Junior remained seated, his gaze moving past me to where I knew Raven was coming up behind me. He was eye-fucking her, and it raised my hackles. I pinned eyes on him and waited for him to acknowledge me. When he did, I was sure that my glare warned him away from her. He gave me a cocky little smirk and turned away. I refrained from going over and knocking his teeth out. One day it was going to happen, though which brother would have that pleasure was still up in the air. 
I reached back for Raven's hand, pleased when she slipped hers into mine without persuasion. We went outside to my bike. My brothers passed us to where theirs were parked and climbed on. Once I was seated, I curled my arm around her waist and hauled her up close. 
"You going to be good while I'm gone?" I smirked.
Her eyes grew big. "I'm always good." I could tell that she wanted to smile, but the concern in her eyes kept her from giving in to the feeling.
"I'll get your mother, baby." Or die trying.
She nodded, and then surprised me by leaning in and kissing me. It was more of a peck than a real kiss, but damned if it didn't satisfy me. "Be careful, Cole."
"I like you that you’re worried about me." I dropped my eyes to her mouth, where I was running the tip of my finger over her lips. "Keep that pussy nice and warm for me, yeah?" My words were low, and I liked the blush that filled her cheeks.
She rolled her eyes and stepped back with a smile.
I glanced over at my brothers, gave them a nod, and then we were riding away. 
Chapter 22


Raven


A strong emotion gripped me as I stood watching Cole and the others ride away. The sting of tears filling my eyes came from the uncertainty of how this would all end. I could only hope that the end result was what I wanted, what I needed. I needed my mother to be okay. I needed Cole to be okay. The biker was slowly creeping into my heart. He was rough and crude around the edges, but there was a side to him that belied all that tough, brass emotion. 
"He'll be okay, sweetheart." 
Bull had snuck up on me, throwing a heavy arm across my shoulder. I turned and buried my face against his chest. He smelled good, as if he'd just taken a shower and put on clean clothes. 
"I'm worried about my mom." I sniffed.
"Yeah," he responded, his tone not convinced. His hand smoothed down my back. "If my brother saw us right now he'd cut off my dick."
I snorted, pulling away with a watery smile. "You guys are so dirty. All you think about are your cocks." I was so glad that he hadn't held a grudge for the way that I'd run away.
He threw his head back and laughed heartily. "Guilty." I rolled my eyes. "Come on, help me box up Cole's shit. They're taking the RVs away this afternoon and he didn't have time to pack."
"The new clubhouse looks great," I commented as we walked toward the RV that Cole had been living in. "The design seems more conducive to your needs." 
The main room--the bar--was much larger than the previous clubhouse, and had been furnished with dark, heavy tables and chairs that would hold up under the daily use of the heavy bikers and the wild parties they threw. Large fans hung from the ceiling throughout the room, and the simple industrial lighting was a good choice for the mood of the MC. The bar, which was twice as long as the old one, spanned one entire wall and faced mirrored shelving that stocked the alcohol.
"We had a say in designing this clubhouse," Bull said over his shoulder. "The other one was a structure built for a fifties western movie set and left abandoned."
"Oh, that explains why it had the old stagecoach vibe." 
"Yep." He stopped and motioned me ahead of him. "Ladies first," he joked with a sweep of his arm. I stepped into the RV to find three empty boxes. "This shouldn’t take long. Why don't you start in the bedroom and I'll take a look around out here."
"Yes, sir!" I snapped, giving him a salute before grabbing a box. I set it down on the bed and took a moment to reminisce about the night that Cole and I had spent in that bed. 
It looked the same--bed unmade, everything rumpled and bunched together as if an orgy had taken place. The thought of our sweaty, naked bodies writhing there caused me to get wet. I tried to push the memory aside, but sex with Cole had been nothing less than spectacular. He could have used some lessons in civility, but who wanted controlled finesse in the bedroom? There was a lot to be said for raw, animal lust.
As I began to pull off the bedding I made a note to wash it. In no time I'd filled one box with everything that I’d removed from his bed. I brought it back to the entrance door and set it on the floor. I noticed that Bull was picking up the few personal items that Cole had left scattered around the RV and was tossing them into his box without care. Typical male. We exchanged smiles
"Do you have someone you care about, Bull?" I don't know what compelled me to ask him, because I knew that he slept with the club sluts. Of course, for some men, the idea of being faithful to one woman was ridiculous.
"Why? You tired of Cole already and want a little Bull?" he joked. I shook my head and rolled my eyes, and then he got serious. "I care about a lot of people."
"That's not what I mean." I picked up the empty box. 
"You think I'd be sleeping with the club's sluts if I was involved with someone?" He chuckled, tossing a dirty mug with a Desert Rebels logo on it into his box. I winced at the sound of it hitting something metallic, wondering if it had broken. "Let me tell you something about my brothers, sweetheart. If they care about a woman, they don't fuck around on her with easy pussy. The brothers with old ladies are good and pussy whipped." He smirked. "Something I'll never be."
"Oh, okay," I laughed with disbelief. "You're not susceptible to falling in love?"
He ran a hand over his lower jaw, as if giving it some thought. "Thought I was in love once. Thought she loved me. Got pregnant with my brother's kid." My jaw dropped. His expression hardened. "Don't believe in love. Women are good for funning around with and providing relief and that's all."
"That's sad, Bull. Not all women are the same. I'm sure there's someone out there for you."
"There may be," he conceded, "but she might as well keep on walking. I don't intend to go through that hell again."
"I hope I'm around to see you fall." I was sure that he'd be eating those words some day.
"Why, you going somewhere?"
I shrugged with uncertainty. "I guess once this whole thing is over I'll be going home." The  thought made me feel a little sad. Bisbee had always been my home, a place where I'd always felt safe, but could I return to the life that I'd had before the murder? Could I leave Cole?
"Bull." I waited until he raised his gaze to mine and stopped what he was doing. "Cole said he claimed me." 
Bull’s mouth tightened, and a look came into his eyes that I didn't like. He looked torn. 
"But he said I’m not his old lady, so I'm confused." 
He exhaled a deep breath. "A brother can claim a woman as his old lady, which is the equivalent of marriage, or for his sweetheart." He hesitated, and I knew that there was more. "It's not done lightly. Brothers go down hard. We're used to living an independent, carefree life, and none of us are eager to get tied down with one woman. Kind of changes the scope of things." 
"Makes life better," I joked, which cased Bull to snort. "So what's bothering you then? And don't deny it, I can see it in your eyes. I already know it's not that you want me for yourself. So what, is Cole some kind of old lady, sweetheart serial killer?"
I wanted laughter but got stoicism instead. "My brother claimed you for the wrong reason. Watch your heart, Raven." He began searching the room again. "That's all I'm saying on the subject."
I knew Cole's reasons for claiming me, and I thought they'd bordered on chivalrous. He wanted to help me, protect me. I wasn't under the illusion that it was forever. But Bull was right--I needed to guard my heart. It would be easy to forget the circumstances of my situation being in a relationship with Cole. Not just a sexual one. I was halfway into loving the biker. 
I returned to the bedroom and went to the built in drawers. At least I knew that Cole’s clothes, which amounted to t-shirts, jeans, a couple pairs of boxers, and socks were clean. I brought a shirt up to my nose and inhaled deeply. It smelled of Cole. His clothes, like his bedding, were infused with his particular manly scent of musk and spice. It was warm and comforting, teasing my memory of our night. 
I poked my nose into the bathroom and found only the basic necessities on a shelf beneath the medicine cabinet. Arranging the box at the end of the shelf, I swiped the contents into it. The medicine cabinet had a bottle of aspirin and some rubbing alcohol wipes. 
"Don't forget to check the nightstand and under the bed!" Bull yelled from the outer room.
Under the bed? There was no under the bed, but I was glad that he had mentioned the nightstand, which I had overlooked. There was only one. I pulled out the tiny drawer and my eyes immediately landed on the opened box of condoms. I reached for it just as my eyes fell on the trash can at my feet. Taking in the contents, my heart sank, and I slowly lowered myself to the bed, stunned.
A used condom, several, in fact. Cole certainly hadn't missed me while I'd been gone. He'd had a busy week. I felt sick, even as I questioned why. What had I thought? That he was so enamored with me that he'd saved himself? There was nothing between us but sex, at least in his eyes. We'd taken advantage of our insane attraction to each other and that was all. 
Trying to convince myself of that wasn't working. Tears gathered in my eyes, and the familiar burn in my nose indicated that I was going to cry. The asshole didn't deserve my tears. 
I reached up and pinched the area between my eyes, hoping to control myself. I didn't want to break down in front of Bull when I couldn't give him a legitimate reason for it, but my heart had other plans. The thought of Cole in this room, fucking another woman with the same intensity and passion that he'd shown me, felt like a betrayal that I had no right feeling, even though my heart wanted to rip his out. He wasn't mine. I had to remind myself of that. This was the kind of life he lived.
The only consolation I had was that at least he'd used condoms. 
Asshole!
"It's quiet in here. What's going on?" 
I glanced up to where Bull had come to a halt just inside the doorway. I quickly wiped my eyes, but not fast enough. 
"Shit." He took two giant steps my way and sank down beside me, his gaze dropping to the trash can. "Fuck." 
A laugh burst from me. "That one word says it all." It grew quiet between us. I could tell that Bull didn't know what to say. 
I rose to my feet, and he did the same.
"You going to be okay?"
"Yep," I lied, forcing a watery smile. I was determined that I would be alright. "Just eager to get away from here." 
It was about as far from the truth as I could get. 
I was becoming an adept liar.
As we carried the boxes back to Cole’s new room in the clubhouse, I straightened my back and my determination to not forget what my relationship with Cole actually was--a temporary fix to a dangerous situation that would hopefully end within the next few days. Then I could go back to my old life. It was important that I remembered that.
I heard Bull's unintelligible mumbling and looked up to see Tamara and Mitzi posing in the doorway of the clubhouse, watching our approach. There was a knowing smirk on Tamara's face, her eyes all but sparkling with triumphant glee. I braced myself, because I knew that her smirk was meant for me. It didn't take her long to attack.
"I hope you didn't forget the condoms in the nightstand drawer," she smirked. "Cole and I will need them later."
I didn't bother pointing out that she was contradicting her earlier assertion that Cole fucked her without protection.
"Show respect," Bull grumbled. "Cole claimed her."
"So?" Tamara burst out with laughter. "Doesn't make the cow his old lady."
Bull dropped the two boxes in his arms and in a shockingly fast move reached Tamara, wrapped his large hand around her throat, and pushed her against the door. "Respect," he sneered between his teeth, close to her suddenly pale face. "Got me?" With that he jerked away from her and returned to the boxes. 
I watched, slightly stunned. Mitzi looked frightened and remained quiet, her eyes glued to Bull as if she were waiting for him to turn on her next. Tamara, on the other hand, got over Bull's attack quickly, and I knew that the eyes she pinned on me held something ominous in them. I didn't trust her. She clearly wanted Cole to herself, and felt that I was in her way. Recalling the condoms that I’d found in the trash, it didn't appear that she had any worries if they'd all been used on her. 
I followed Bull inside, not realizing that I'd been holding my breath until then. I'd half-expected the women to jump me on the way by. As warned, I was going to have to watch my back where Tamara was concerned. 
I had enough drama in my life. 
Chapter 23


Cole


We  met Shark and three other Soulless Demons in the parking lot of a hotel at the edge of town in Bisbee that looked as if had been closed down for a long time. What little landscaping was left was either overgrown or completely dead, the windows were boarded up, and the paint was faded and peeling off. Graffiti covered most of the single-floor building, and there were a couple of places where the boards had been removed from the windows and the glass broken. 
Shark, BC, Hammer, and a brother that I didn't recognize were already there when we arrived, sitting on their bikes and smoking. Sax and Chewy used the break to light up their own. 
"Hey, brother," Shark greeted me around the cigar clamped between his teeth, his brown eyes squinting at the smoke. He wasn't a big man, maybe around five-foot-ten or so, and slender, but he had a big personality, and he was mean as hell. He'd been president of his MC for as long as I'd known him. His gray hair was thinning at the top, which he usually kept covered with a bandana."Made good time."
"Took the highway." I leaned back on my seat, stretching my legs. "Want this shit done and behind us."
"Agreed." His eyes turned hard. "And I want the fucker who offed Cain. Too bad your woman saw it go down, but she's fuckin' lucky she got away."
My woman. Scared the shit out of me that I liked the sound of that.
"Who's the fucking cop we're after?" I wanted to know if it was the same one that I had in mind. 
"Name's Rocha, been with Bisbee's finest since straight out of cop school." Shark snorted. "Too fucking stupid to move up in the department, been a cop forever."
Yep, same fucking pig. Every town had crooked cops, and I'd heard Rocha's name thrown around in the MC circle for a long time, just never had any dealings with him. "Less responsibility means more time for extracurricular activities. Maybe he likes staying low key." 
"He and his two lackeys deal drugs on the street," Hammer added, braiding his long beard. "A little side business," he smirked.
I cut my eyes back to Shark for confirmation. He nodded. "Yep. Rocha heads up the operation, gets his supply from some seller down in Mexico. Weasel and Joker are his sales associates." A fancy name for dealers.
"So they take all the chances and he gets most of the money."  
"Sounds about right." BC flicked his butt away. 
"You know we can't make a move on them until we find Raven's mother," I pointed out, reminding them why we were there. "Once we get Rosie we'll help you take care of Rocha and his dealers."
It was hard to read Shark's face while he puffed his cigar and released bursts of thick smoke into the air. The silence that followed my comment told me that he was contemplating my words. His eyes on me were searching, as if he were trying to determine the best way to respond, which made me wonder what the fuck was going through his head. As the president of Soulless Demons he was in charge of this little operation. The problem was that we had different agendas.
He took his cigar out of his mouth. "We'll help you get the woman back, but we'll deal with Rocha on our own. Gonna take him back to the clubhouse so the boys can have a little fun." His grin was humorless. "They'll each want a piece of him for Cain."
I could fucking understand that. Hell, we'd extracted revenge for slain brothers before, too. It wasn't quick and it wasn't pretty, but it sure as fuck was satisfying. "What about the other two?" 
"We'll kill them after they take us to the woman," BC said in an uncompromising tone.
It sounded as if they already had a plan. I was cool with that. It would get me back to Raven faster. 
"What's the plan?" Sax was apparently on the same track as I was.
"Weasel and Joker don't keep to a regular schedule and they rarely meet their clients at the same location. They get a call, verify the caller is a regular, and set up a meeting."
Chewy scoffed at Hammer's comment. "How the fuck do they get new customers that way?"
"Through the regulars. They let Rocha's guys know they have people interested in their product. They drop a name, Rocha runs a check on them, if they clear, they're in. The regular gets approval to bring them to the next meeting."
"Sounds fucking complicated," I said. 
"Yeah, it's not the best process, but Rocha is a paranoid fuck. Does a good business in spite of it." Shark took a last puff off his cigar and tossed it, blowing out a thick plume of smoke. 
Sax gave a sound of disbelief. "What's to stop their regular from just showing up with someone else?" 
"The assholes stay in hiding until they know for sure the client comes alone." BC moved his head back and forth until he popped the muscles in his neck.
I shook my head with disgust. Pussies. "That doesn't mean shit. They could still be ambushed."
Hammer laughed, the sound loud and deep. "I don't think they've figured that out yet." His tone indicated that he didn't think they were smart enough to think of that.
"Okay, enough," Shark growled, and we all grew quiet. "We found one of their clients and had him set up a meeting." 
"Where and what time?" Chewy wanted to know.
Shark looked down at the clock on his handlebar. "Seven. We got half an hour to reach St. Elmo's Bar in the historic district. We'll park our bikes down the street from there, CB will go in alone. He'll signal us when he sees Weasel and Joker."
"What's the plan after we nab them?" Sax made a show of popping his knuckles, letting everyone know that he was more than ready to beat some ass. Rescuing women wasn't new to him. He'd rescued Holly from Crystal's Palace before they'd hooked up a few years before. "Any ideas where they may be keeping Rosie?"
All eyes were on Shark as we waited for his response. 
"Have no fucking clue, brothers. There's a lot of abandoned buildings around Bisbee, could be in any one of them." 
That could mean days of searching if we were forced to look, and there were no guarantees that we'd find her. Not to mention that once Rocha heard that his dealers were gone, he'd probably head straight to wherever she was being kept and kill her. We couldn't count on the dealers being alone at the meeting; there was a chance that they would have someone in the background, observing, ready to act if shit went south. Someone who wouldn't hesitate to call the cop.
"Could be he's got her in plain sight, locked her up on some trumped up charges," Chewy suggested. 
I highly doubted it. "Naw, brother, that would bring attention to Rocha. Besides, she would have notified Raven's sisters of her arrest." I exhaled loudly, antsy for the whole thing to be over. "We're going to have to work fast to find out where Rosie is, before Rocha gets wind that his dealers have been compromised."
"I think we can persuade them to tell us where she is," CB was playing with the tip of a nasty looking knife, an evil grin on his thin lips.
"In answer to your question," Shark said, pinning his eyes on Sax, "we'll remove them from the bar quietly, without incident. Like we're old friends. Earlier this morning we parked a van a couple stores down from St. Elmo's so no one in the bar will see what's going on. Hammer will already be in the driver's seat, Jude and CB will go along for the ride, the rest of us will ride our bikes. We'll meet back here."
"So we're just tagging along for fucking backup?" Chewy sneered, clearly not happy that he didn't have a bigger part in the scheme. "Fucking great." He crossed his arms.
Providing backup was exactly what brothers did. Sometimes that extra presence was all that was needed to keep things running smoothly. I pressed my lips and shook my head, glancing down at the ground. Chewy was a prospect, he should have known better than to question an MC president. I knew that his frustration was directed at the situation, not towards Shark. Shark knew it too, but he had the right to put Chewy in his place.
"I don't give a fuck about the woman, prospect," Shark barked contemptuously. "But I'm willing to help you get her back because your MC helped us find Cain's killer. We don't need help dealing with two drug-peddling pussies, so you're welcome to stay here."
My eyes shot up to Chewy and I gave him a meaningful glare, warning him to watch his mouth. I recognized the instant that he realized his mistake when his expression turned apologetic. He still had a lot to learn as a prospect, and knowing when to bow to his superior was at the top of the fucking list. Shark hadn't made president for nothing.
I had to give him credit for returning his gaze to Shark and meeting him square in the eye. "Sorry for the disrespect, brother. It won't happen again." 
Shark glared at him a minute longer, and then the incident were over. "Let's ride!"	
The sound of thunder vibrated around us as we revved our bikes and tore out of what had once been a parking lot. Shark took up the lead, his brothers directly behind him. I was in the lead of my brothers, Sax and Chewy flanking me, Colton behind. It took us twenty minutes to reach the historic district, and then we parked our bikes in front of the first building at the beginning of the street. CB was the only one who continued on to St. Elmo's Bar, parking close to the door next to someone's scooter. 
Shark moved to my side and gave me a nudge. "There's our druggie." He nodded towards a thin, long-haired man who was hunched over and walking down the sidewalk on the opposite side of the main road. He kept his head down, watching his feet. His appearance revealed that he'd been doing the hard shit for a long time.
"This is going to bring trouble down on his head." I didn't really give a fuck. I was just making conversation.
"Yeah, he was quick to point that out. Paid him enough to leave town and start over somewhere else."
"You really want Cain's killer."
"Didn't pay him to get my hands on Rocha, I did it for the woman." So the words he'd grated out to Chewy earlier had been just that--words. "Fucking hate men who abuse and use women for their own gain."
There was a story there that I would probably never hear. I decided not to remind Shark that the two who were dealing drugs for Rocha had also been involved in killing Cain. 
"How do we know Weasel and Joker aren't already inside waiting for him?"
"They could be," Shark responded, turning toward Sax. "Hiding somewhere like scared pussies. They never show themselves until they're sure their client is alone."
"I'm going to head to the van."
We watched Hammer cross the street and head down the sidewalk. The historic district of Bisbee looked like every other small town main street. Shops and restaurants lined both sides of the street, modern business in old buildings that the historic society spent money maintaining. There were upgraded street lights and landscaping. It was an old mining town located in the Mule Mountains, and according to a sign I'd passed on the way into town, it boasted a little over five thousand people. It wasn't the kind of place you'd associate with heavy crime, but drugs were everywhere. 
"What was the rift between Rocha and Cain?" I asked Shark, who was in the process of lighting a cigar. 
Shark took several deep puffs to make sure his cigar was lit before shaking out the match and dropping it to the ground. "Wasn't just Rocha and Cain, but their families, too. Kind of like the fucking Hatfield's and McCoy's. Went way back, starting with their grandfathers, over some mining rights or some shit like that. Cain never went into the whole story, just bits and pieces when he was fucking drunk. Stupid shit, really. Not worth a man's life."
I hadn’t known about that. Outlawing MC's did a lot of fighting and killing over the boundaries of what they believed was their territory, the property they owned. Even the jobs they took caused war. They fought and killed over what they wanted to keep or steal. Sounded like Cain and Rocha had had a similar situation going on. Sometimes shit can fester and eat away at a man's soul until he's obsessed with doing something about it or going insane. I didn't know of one biker who had a clean slate. Just as I was sure that there were civilians out there with blemished records, too.
"Let's go! Just heard from CB!" Shark was already crossing the street in a kind of running walk. 
We followed him, slowing down when we reached the sidewalk so that we didn't bring attention to ourselves, keeping close to the store fronts, even though not much was going on in town. That was good for us. We came up to the van and continued past. Hammer remained planted in the driver's side seat. I heard him start it up just as we opened the door to St. Elmo's Bar and went inside. 
My gaze immediately lit on the four men at the end of the bar, CB being one of them. He was the only one who seemed unfazed at the events unfolding. The druggie was shaking and trying to slink away into the background, while Weasel and Joker were stiff and unmoving on their stools in response to whatever CB was saying to them. He had an arm over Weasel's shoulder and was pulling him in as if they were old friends, but Joker had the tip of CB's blade pressed against his crotch. 
Shark addressed the nervous druggie first. "Get out of town." The kid took off without hesitation. Shark threw an arm across Joker's shoulder, smirking down into his worried face. "Hey, boys!" His grin was ear-to-ear, but I knew there was nothing genuine about it. "Came to pick you up for the party." 
"Afraid you've got the wrong men, we don't know you," Joker said, resisting against Shark's arm when Shark made a move to pull him off the stool.
I glanced around. The bartender was busy at a table where he'd just dropped off some drinks. I could tell that the customers were locals because they were friendly and chatty. There was a couple sitting close together at another table, looking all lovey dovey. A few other patrons were walking around checking out the shit covering the walls. No one seemed to be checking us out, except for the woman sitting further down the bar. 
She was on the prowl. I could tell that in the way that her drunken gaze moved over us as if she were trying to decide which one she'd set her sights on. Her eyes settled on me, and I watched her smile grow until it almost took up her whole, bony face. I grinned back, not the least bit interested but hoping she'd forget about the others and focus on me. Her air kiss didn't come as a surprise, and I responded with a wink as I continued to listen to what was going on with my brothers.
I realized my mistake in trying to divert her interest when she scooted off her stool and started walking toward me. Fuck! I quickly walked to meet her, taking her by the arm and spinning her back around to go back the way she'd come.
"Hey there, pretty lady. What say we head back to your seat and share a drink?"
She giggled, swaying slightly on her heels. "Aren't you a handsome one," she cooed, close enough to my face that I could smell the booze on her breath. "You're new around here."
"Sure am." I helped her back up onto the stool she'd vacated. Her drink was half-full. I wondered how many she'd already had, her eyes already glassy and heavy-lidded. "What are you drinking?" I pulled out my wallet. 
Hearing a slight commotion, I took a quick glance down to the end of the bar and saw my brothers rough-handling Weasel and Joker toward us. It was subtle. Jude, Shark, and CB had the dealers between them, keeping them close with a hand wrapped around each of their arms, while Chewy, Sax, and Colton walked close behind them. The talk that I heard coming from Shark was bullshit meant for any witnesses that might be asked questions later, something about being late for the bachelor party and missing the strippers if they didn't leave now. 
I smirked as they moved past, peeling off a hundred dollar bill. "Sorry, honey, I have to go. Enjoy a few drinks on me." I slapped the money down in front of her.
"Thank you!" she said cheerily, confirming what I'd already guessed. She was more interested in getting someone to pay for her drinks than in hooking up. Ben Franklin was suddenly more interesting to her than me, or anything else going on around her. 
I turned slowly to the door to follow my brothers out. By the time I stepped out onto the sidewalk, they were stuffing a struggling Weasel and Joker into the running van. The two had to know what was going to happen to them if they got into the vehicle. Jude and CB continued in behind them, sliding the door shut. As I got close enough to the van to hear the banging and grunts from inside, I laughed. It was obvious that the two dealers were already being interrogated.
I caught up with my brothers and Shark. We didn't talk. We headed straight to our bikes, climbed on, and got the fuck out of town. 
Chapter 24


Raven


Holly and I were sitting at a table in the clubhouse enjoying a beer and a burger that Lulu had made for us when my phone buzzed halfway across the table. I glanced down at it, eagerly reaching for it when I saw Cole's name come. He'd been gone almost three days and had sent me only one text message, and I'd been waiting anxiously for news of my mother. Holly gave me a hopeful look as I brought the phone to my ear.
"Cole?" I answered, a little rushed. "Did you find my mother?"
"Honey, it's me," a familiar voice said into my ear. I could hear the smile in her tone.
"Oh, thank God." I squeezed my eyes shut, allowing the tears of relief to flow.  "I was so scared, Mom!" I opened my eyes and gave a watery smile to Holly when she reached across the table and squeezed my hand. "Are you okay? Are you home? What happened? Are Amber and Martha with you?"
Her soft laughter cut off my deluge of questions. "Slow down, honey. All is good. Cole and his men rescued me from those men, and I'm home and unhurt. Maybe a little shaken up, but that's to be expected under the circumstances."
"Really? They didn't hurt you?" I wiped at my tears. "I was just about to leave to go to you when Cole stopped me. He wouldn't let me go with them."
"I'm glad, Raven. Those men had no intention of letting us live." A cold chill went over me. "They’re gone. We don't have to worry about them anymore." 
I didn't ask her how she knew that. I'd had a suspicion that Cole and the others weren't going to leave my mother’s captors alive, and my mother probably knew it, too. Those men had threatened us and kidnapped her in order to get to me. Turning them in to the police could have put them right back out on the street while we waited for due process to take care of them. 
"Your sisters are here with me now, so I'm not alone. We owe these men for what they did for us. Tonight your sisters and I are cooking them a meal, and they can stay in your brothers' rooms until they leave in the morning. A small thanks for their help."
I could imagine my mom insisting that the Desert Rebels who had rescued her take her up on dinner and a place to stay for the night. It was in her nature to take care of people. Cole and his brothers had saved our lives. That was huge, and I didn’t know how we could ever repay them. A meal and a bed seemed like so little. I realized then that the danger was over and that I had no more reason to run, or to remain at the clubhouse.
That knowledge made me feel a little sad.
"I'm coming home—"
"The hell you are," Cole's voice growled unexpectedly from the phone. He sounded as if he were walking. "Not until I get word from Shark that he's taken care of Rocha."
Rocha? Was he the policeman? "But I thought they were already taken care of."
"There's shit you don’t know and don't need to know. You stay there at the clubhouse until I get back."
I knew full well that there were things that I didn't need to know. My mind drifted back to the used condoms that I’d found in Cole’s trashcan, reminding me of why I couldn't wait to get away from this place. His bossy attitude rubbed me the wrong way even more than it usually did, and I felt my anger rise. Who did Cole think he was to boss me around like that? He was just fucking me like he was fucking everyone else. He didn't own me. 
I didn't even know if he wanted me.
"And what if I don't?" I snapped. Holly had been listening, and I watched her eyebrows shoot up. "You don't own me, Cole. You're just screwing me like you’re screwing all the other women here. You only claimed me so that I could stay under your club's protection while you went off and played hero. News flash: I don't need you anymore." 
Oh, shit! I hadn't meant to go that far. I felt immediate regret at my choice of words, knowing that it sounded as if I’d just been using Cole for protection all along and no longer needed him now that he’d taken care of my situation. It was the hurt that I'd felt when I’d seen those condoms that was causing me to lash out now. Knowing that he'd been with other women after I'd left the clubhouse had hurt me more than I cared to admit. Deep down I knew that wasn't fair to Cole. He'd had no reason to be faithful to me.
That didn’t mean that it hurt any less.
Holly gasped and covered her mouth, and when she began to shake her head I felt as if she were disappointed in me. We both knew how much I'd screwed up.
I had to fix it. "What I mean is—"
"I think it's fucking clear what you mean," Cole interrupted in a cold tone. 
"Cole—"
"You do not leave there until I return."
He didn't leave me any room to argue because he disconnected the call directly after his comment. I took a deep breath and hung my head. I couldn't bear to see the look of displeasure in Holly's eyes. I'd sounded ungrateful and unappreciative, and that wasn't how I felt at all. 
"I screwed up," I mumbled, disappointed in myself. 
There was an angry glitter in Holly’s eyes that I'd never seen before. "Yes, you did."
"Holly, I didn't mean half the things I said."
"Then why did you say them? You said Cole only claimed you to protect you, but he wasn't obligated to do that. He's off playing hero? All of the men of Desert Rebels are heroes. It's in their nature to protect women and children. They're good men, all of them. They do things they don't have to do because it's the right thing to do." She took a deep breath. "They're more than just scruffy-looking men in black leather."
I felt the tips of my ears burn from embarrassment. Holly had chewed me out, and rightfully so. I was ashamed, because I knew that Holly was right. I’d known it before she'd said the words. The only reason I was there was because the Desert Rebels had been willing to help someone they didn't even know. I'd let my emotions get away from me, using Cole's bossiness as an excuse to lash out. 
"If it hadn't been for these men, I'd be dead," Holly told me.
So would I. "Holly, I'm so sorry. I would never have said those things if I hadn't let anger and hurt get the best of me. I'm ashamed that I said that to Cole."
"Then tell him that."
I'd been about to when he’d hung up on me. "He didn't give me a chance."
"You'll get a chance, believe me." Her expression lightened. She took a bite of her hamburger and I watched her chew for a minute, her eyes studying me reflectively. "So what are you hurt and angry about?" 
I shrugged but admitted, "Something I have no reason to be angry and hurt about."
"What did Cole do?" 
I could tell that Holly was genuinely concerned, and I was thankful that her anger seemed to have vanished as fast as it had appeared. "Well, it sounds petty now. And I don't understand why I'm so bothered by it."
She reached across the table and, just as she'd done when I was talking to my mom, squeezed my hand in support. "I could probably guess if I thought about it really hard, but just tell me, honey."
"When I helped Bull clean out Cole's RV, I found a trashcan with used condoms in it. I had thought after he and I . . .  I guess I thought that, um, after we . . .  um . . . "I knew that I sounded like an idiot, but I couldn’t bring myself to say the words out loud to Holly.  
The corner of Holly's mouth turned down and I recognized the sympathy sweep across her face. "Slept together?" she offered for me.
I nodded. 
Holly clucked her tongue. "That's what they do, Raven. They don't think anything about screwing every woman in sight. It doesn't mean anything to them. Don't get me wrong, once they're in a committed relationship, most of them are faithful, but these boys are testosterone-filled sex machines. They don't realize that for some of us it means something if we sleep with them. That's why they usually stick to the club sluts. They don't have to worry about hurting their feelings."
"Doesn't hurt any less to know that Cole went from me to a club slut," I murmured.
"I know, honey. It sucks. You have feelings for Cole?"
Denial came instantly to my lips, but I bit the words back. I would only be lying to myself, because I was certain that Holly already knew the truth. "We've been attracted to each other from the start."
"And?" she encouraged.
I exhaled loudly. "I might like him."
She burst out laughing. "Well, I know he likes you, too. Sax said he's in denial about how much."
"Not enough to stop fucking the club sluts," I murmured in response. 
"Men are weak when it comes to easy pussy," Holly said bluntly. "You can't blame them when it's naked and flashing in their faces. That's part of the biker culture."
Doesn’t mean I’m going to like or accept it, I thought to myself. 
"Let's focus on the good news--your mom is alive and safe."
That brought an instant smile to my face. "Thank God. I owe Cole and the others so much for that. What do you suppose they did with those three men?"
Holly's response was a secretive grin. "What they had to do. The rule here is ‘don't ask’. They won't tell you anyway. It's club business. Just be glad you don't have to worry about them anymore and you can go home." She paused. "If you want to."
Did I want to go home? I had when I'd thought that my mom's life was in danger, but now that I knew that she and my sisters were safe and those men wouldn't be around to threaten us anymore, my desire to leave was suddenly not so urgent. At least not right away. But did I want to be here to face Cole when he returned? Yes, I decided, I did. Leaving would be the coward's way out and besides, I had a hunch that Cole would come after me if I left before he got back, even if just to say what was on his mind. 
"Don't you want to see where this thing goes with you and Cole?"
What thing? I snorted. "We're fuck buddies, Holly. It's not going anywhere. I'm sure now that the threat is over I'll be a free woman again."
"I wouldn't be so sure of that." My silence encouraged her to go on. "What if Cole used the threat against you as an excuse to claim you? And you said there was an attraction between you. These men are very territorial, honey. Trust me, they don't take claiming a woman lightly. I think there may be something there that even Cole isn't aware of."
I sucked in a deep breath before releasing it loudly. I couldn't help but think that if Cole truly felt something for me he wouldn't be screwing other women. Maybe he liked variety, but that was something that would never work for me. I didn't like sharing my men. I didn't give away my body lightly, or my heart.
"When are they coming home?" Holly asked, before taking a drink of her beer. 
"Tomorrow." I smiled, thinking about my mom and how hard she'd probably had to work to convince Cole and his brothers to stay overnight. "Mom is fixing them dinner and talked them into staying the night. In her world hospitality goes a long way in saying thank you."
"She's right. These men get little recognition for anything good they do. A home cooked meal and a clean bed for a night is plenty thanks to them."
"Well, they'll get a good meal, that's for sure. Mom's a great cook, and knowing her she'll pull out all the stops." I suddenly wished that I were there. I missed her cooking. 
The sound of giggling and male laughter caused us to turn and look at Tamara and Junior as they entered the bar. It was clear that they'd come from the direction of the stairs, and probably Junior's room. The two were all over each other, fondling and kissing each other as they made their way to a table. Holly and I had been so involved in our discussion that it was the first time that I’d noticed the room was filling up. Some of the Desert Rebels were there, including Demon, and the club women were busy keeping them happy.
Lulu was planted firmly on Bull's lap and gave me a finger wave when she saw me looking at them. I waved back, feeling sorry for her. She had a serious thing for LD, but he barely gave her, or any of the girls, the time of day. He was sitting at the bar, alone, nursing a drink, and appeared to be lost in thought. 
Prospects Dancer and Blue were filling drinks behind the bar. Cherry delivered a full tray to Reid, Demon, and Riggs. Before she could escape, Riggs dragged her down onto his lap and buried his face between her exposed breasts. She squealed with delight, and I turned and rolled my eyes at Holly.
"Looks like it's that time of day," Holly joked. "The big party was called off until next weekend, so it will probably be tame the rest of the night. A few hang arounds might show up, and maybe some friends of the Desert Rebels." 
"Well, I plan on staying in my room. I've already put in my five hours of hard labor for the day," I laughed.
"What?" Her face scrunched up in a mild frown. "Raven, claimed women don't have to work for their keep." I opened my mouth to protest, but Holly held up her hand. "You may be expected to help at the bar and in the kitchen, but the rest of the work is the responsibility of the prospects and club sluts."
"Well, no one explained that to me, and honestly I don't mind. I'd go crazy if I didn’t have something to occupy my time." 
Another high-pitched squeal drew my attention back to where Tamara and Junior. My eyes nearly popped out of my head in shock when I saw that she was sitting on the table, butt-ass naked, her legs spread, while Junior went down on her. Oddly, they were both looking in my direction. Tamara buried her hands in Junior's hair and began to thrust her hips up, grinding her pussy into his face.
"Jesus, I could have gone my whole life and not seen that," Holly grumbled with distaste. She grabbed her plate and empty can and rose to her feet. I followed suit. "That slut is a true whore."
I laughed, following her to the kitchen. "Isn't slut and whore the same thing?"
She glanced at me as she set her dirty dish into the sink. "Well, there should be another word to describe what she is, something that combines slut and whore."
We both laughed. I set my plate down on top of hers. "You leaving?"
"Yeah. Sax doesn't like me on the road too late. It's so dark and isolated."
"Thank you for coming out and spending the day with me." We walked back out into the bar and toward the door.
"Any time, honey." I walked her to her car. "I probably won't be back until the big party. Maybe you can come into Boulder City the middle of the week and we can spend the day just hanging out and doing shit."
"I'd like that." She slid in behind the wheel and started the car. "Drive safe."
With a nod Holly pulled away and through the opened gate.
I turned and went back inside, totally ignoring the activity going on inside the bar as if I had blinders on as I aimed for the stairs.
As I made my way through the room, I recalled Holly’s invitation, and couldn't help but wonder if I would still be here in the middle of the week to take her up on it.
Chapter 25


Cole


Weasel and Joker were dead. It had taken us a day to get out of them the location of where they were keeping Raven's mother because of their fear of Rocha and what he would do to them. The fuckers were too stupid to realize that they were going to die anyway. Once we'd made sure that they weren't lying about where Rosie was being kept, Shark had ended them with a bullet to their temples. Really we'd put them out of their misery, because they'd taken a hell of a beating. We'd had to break their kneecaps and cut off a few fingers, but it had been the threat of spilling their guts that had finally got them to talk. 
We'd found Rosie in a cage in an abandoned mine in the hills. She'd been roughed up a little, and she was frightened and filthy. She'd been left with a bucket in the corner, a bottle of water, and a couple of bags of chips. Her first words to me were to ask if her daughter was okay. Once I'd assured her that Raven was safe, her shoulders had drooped, as if a great weight had been taken off of them. 
She'd apologized profusely for lying to us, but I hadn't wanted to hear it. I hadn't shown disrespect, but I was sure that my stony silence had been enough to convey my true feelings about what they’d done.
Chewy had taken her home, while the rest of us had decided to help out Shark and go after Rocha with him. Getting to him had been surprisingly easy. The bastard had thought that he was invincible, untouchable. All we'd had to do was have one of his dealers call him and set up a meeting for a money drop. It was satisfying to think that because of Desert Rebels, Bisbee was free of one crooked cop and two drug dealers. 
Shark had tossed Rocha into the van and then he, Jude and CB took off. As soon as I got word that Rocha was dead, Raven would be free to leave. My mind drifted back to that last phone call with her, her sharp comment pissing me off all over again. Shit, I'd only been gone three days, but clearly something must have happened during that time that had changed her feelings towards me, something that had hurt or frightened her into lashing out as she had. 
Unless…unless she'd just been fucking using me all along, and she’d meant what she'd said about not needing me anymore. Women could be cunning when they wanted to be, using their bodies to get what they wanted. I knew that they weren't all like that, and I would have sworn on my mother's grave before that call that Raven was everything good and sweet. 
We'd had an attraction between us from the start, and while I'd fought it, I'd finally come to ask myself why. Maybe fucking her had been a mistake, and I needed to stop thinking with my dick. It was hard to stay indifferent when she was around, though. Her fucking curves, her smile, her spirit, her innocence, all served to feed the need and hunger I hadn't known I'd had until she’d satiated it. I fucking wanted the little bitch, and I thought she'd wanted me, too. 
I was a fucking fool. Who'd want a man like me? Certainly not a decent woman who deserved better.
Riding through the gates of the clubhouse was always a welcome sight. We'd left Rosie's early so we could make it back while it was still morning, the time when everyone would be sitting quietly in the bar, nursing hangovers and having breakfast. When we entered the clubhouse we were greeted with grunts and half-assed waves. The brothers were a sorry sight, their glassy eyes revealing their misery. I had to laugh at the brothers with their heads in their hands.
I knew the brothers with me would probably head right up to their rooms to clean up before heading home to their women. Normally I would grab a bottle and woman, too, but I had other things on my mind, and the woman I wanted wasn't there. As I walked through the bar I noticed Junior and Tamara together. Good, maybe she'd finally got the message to leave me the fuck alone. As I passed them they looked up, and damned if they didn't look like two snakes in the grass, scheming.  
I ignored them and took the stairs two at a time and opened the door to my room with enough force that it banged back against the wall. My eyes went to the bed, where a groggy, sexy, disheveled Raven had bolted up with a sound of surprise. Fuck, she was a hot mess. That wild hair of hers fell around her shoulders and tits like a silky waterfall, the nipples peeking out revealing that she was naked. The sheet had fallen to her waist, but once she realized what was going on she grabbed the edges and yanked it up.
"Fuck, you sleep naked now?"
"Cole." 
I slammed the door shut and walked toward the bed, my mouth pressed tightly. Seeing her so fucking innocent and enticing and knowing that I was having a reaction to it pissed me off. She pushed the hair out of her face, and as a small smile spread across those pretty lips, I had to remind myself what her last words to me had been.
Had she forgotten?
"Explain," I demanded sharply.
I could see it in her eyes that she knew exactly what I was talking about.
With something like regret she said softly, "Cole, I'm sorry, I tried to take back what I'd said and apologize, but you hung up—"
"I'm not talking about that," I snapped with a frown. "I want to know what the fuck happened that made you say that shit."
A look of confusion came across her face, and it was clear that she was still groggy from sleep. I didn't care. I went over to her to intimidate her, but when I got within striking distance I pulled her to her knees and against me. My eyes fell to the tits smashed against my chest, then back up to her flushed and beautiful face. Her full lips had parted with the escape of little puffs of air. My anger dissipated, and I knew that I was a goner.
I growled my frustration at my inability to remain detached. I wanted to kiss her. I wanted to crush my mouth against hers and take what I wanted. I wanted to taste her, feel the graze of her tongue against mine and swallow her whimpers. I wanted to devour her. I wanted to fucking own her by claiming her body until she screamed my name for more. Arousal burned through my blood as my control slipped into an animal instinct of feral possessiveness. 
She whimpered as if she could sense what I was going through, and that broke the spell. Before I gave in to the all-consuming need crushing my resolve and hardening my dick, I let Raven go before I couldn't. I needed fucking answers. She'd said she didn't need me anymore? Well, the look on her face said otherwise. 
"I didn't mean what I said, Cole. I spoke out of anger. You helped me when you didn't have to, you saved my mother. I'll never be able to repay you for that. I'm sorry for letting my emotions get the better of me."
"I recognized that you were hurt, baby." I wanted to know why.
"Don't call me that." She sank back on her bottom and lowered her eyes. "It doesn't mean anything, and I don't like being lumped in with your club girls."
I didn't call any of the club sluts “baby”. Most of the time I didn't call them anything, or if I did it was something not very flattering. They didn't get bent out of shape when they were referred to as whores or bitches. In some weird way they liked it. 
"Trust me when I say I've never thought of you as a club whore. And I don't call them ‘baby’ because it does mean something." If she hadn’t figured that out for herself, then maybe she wasn't as in to me as I was her. Her eyes lifted to mine. "So what happened while I was away?"
"It doesn't matter. Holly and I had a nice discussion, and she explained how bikers are with regard to women and the whole meaningless sex thing. I'm good now."
I frowned. She was lying, and I was getting fucking tired of it. "You know, I don't like liars," I scowled, leaning down into her upturned face. "I'm getting damned tired of you feeding me bullshit, Raven." 
Her eyes brightened with some emotion I quickly identified as anger. 
"Maybe you should try telling the fucking truth for a change," I grated. "Or don't you know how?" 
"Fuck you, Cole!" She lashed out, her tits heaving with the force of her outburst. She'd gone from soft and guarded to full on spitfire in a split second, and I could tell that she was just as surprised over her explosion as I was. 
I fucking loved her fire, it made my dick jerk, and she was about to find out that it had consequences. One day I was going to tan her little ass, show her who was in charge, but right now I wanted to fuck her more. I'd missed her. I removed my cut and shirt, tossing them onto a nearby chair. "If that's what you want." Keeping my eyes on hers, my hands went to my belt buckle. Her gaze dropped slowly down my torso, her eyes riveted on what my hands were doing. I slowly undid my pants, pulling them open and down enough for my dick to pop out.
I paused and waited for Raven's eyes to lift to mine. Unmistakable hunger stared back at me, arousal evident on her rosy cheeks. Her small tongue peeked out between the seam of her luscious lips, causing my dick to throb, and suddenly the thought of having her mouth wrapped around my shaft overwhelmed my rigid control. I fisted my dick and began to pump it, groaning low when the movement drew her attention back there. This time she drew her bottom lip between her teeth and I grabbed the back of her head.
"Knees. Now." She did as I demanded. "Put your mouth on me, baby," I pulled her close to my dick. Pre-cum slipped from the slit and was about to drop to the bed when Raven stuck out her tongue. A savage growl escaped me as I watched the pearly drop splash onto the tip before she drew her tongue back inside her mouth with a heavy moan. Wasting no time, I pushed between her sweet lips and filled her mouth. "Fuck!" I shuddered, closing my eyes in pleasure.
I pumped my dick in and out several times, surrounded by the wet heat of her mouth and tongue, the subtle hum of her moans causing more pre-cum to leak onto her tongue. Raven went to town on my dick in a careful frenzy that caused my legs to tremble. I groaned deeply when she wrapped her tongue around me, exploring the ridges and veins of my length and girth with enthusiasm. I opened my mouth to suck in air and glanced down at her, nearly losing control at the sight of her mouth wrapped around me.
I wasn't a small man, yet she seemed to have no trouble taking most of me. Each time I thrust forward I jabbed the back of her throat, and she used her throat muscles to swallow and take in even more. I clenched my hand in her hair to control her movements. My breathing turned harsh and choppy as the tingling in my balls warned me of what was coming. Raven's hands came into play, drawing a loud grunt from me.
"Fuck, baby, you're going to make me come."
My dick popped out of her hot mouth and she cast her eyes up at me, a seductive little grin on her lips. "I can only hope."
Fucking hell! I sucked in a feral hiss when Raven took my dick into her little hands and licked the crown as if it were her favorite ice cream. She worked her tongue into the slit, moaning with satisfaction when my whole body shuddered with response. "Fuck, Raven, you want my cum in your mouth or all over your pretty face?" I was that close, barely hanging on by a thread. 
Her answer was to take me back into her mouth, deep, and work against what little control I had left with her fucking throat muscles. She clenched around me like a tight pussy, only allowing me to pull back when she wanted me to. I threw my head back, thrusting faster and deeper, the hand in her hair tightening until I was sure I was causing her pain. Her hands went to my ass, her nails digging into me as she forced me tight against her mouth.
"Fuuuuuuuuuck!" I roared my release. The cum exploded from my balls and raced up my dick until I was filling her eager mouth and coming down her throat. I lost all control, and I could do nothing but stand there and let my orgasm run its course. I took savage pleasure in the sounds of Raven's moans as she swallowed my load.
Gradually my movements slowed, but my heart was still racing and I was still panting for breath. I slipped from Raven's mouth. Our eyes met and held. I took in the flush of color on her cheeks and the glaze of arousal in her eyes turning them cloudy and lazy. A drop of cum dotted her bottom lip and I scooped it up with my finger, slipping it between her lips. She sucked it off without needing any encouragement, and damned if my dick didn't twitch with renewed arousal.
"Fuck, baby, what did I do to deserve you?" 
She laughed. "Do you deserve me?"
I kicked my pants off and attacked her, pushing her back against the bed and covering her with my body. "Hell, no." I blocked her in with my arms on either side of her head. "You're too good for me."
"But I'm a liar," she reminded me.
"And that's going to stop. I get why you did it, baby, but starting now, no more lies, okay?" Her soft, warm body beneath mine felt like fucking heaven, my half-erect dick was buried in the hot wetness between her legs and happy as shit. "If we're going to have a chance, I expect honesty."
My comment caught her by surprise. Hell, it caught me by surprise. This woman was dangerous, making me want things I'd never wanted before, making me yearn for the contentment that some of my brothers had found. At some point I'd decided that I wanted to keep Raven, and my mouth was just catching up with my brain. 
"I expect faithfulness," she said after a moment of contemplation, "if we’re going to have a chance.” The hurt that I sensed in her tone surprised me, causing me to wonder at the reason for it. 
Fuck, “if?” I’d known that she would expect faithfulness from me, just as I would of her. Hell, except for the waitress that first day I hadn't touched another woman since she’d come into my life. Hadn't missed the easy pussy either. 
Then she surprised me by asking, "Why me, Cole? There are other women here."
"You're the one I claimed, you're the one I want."
"I don't want to be a convenience." 
What the fuck did that mean? "Care to explain that?" I suspected that something had happened while I'd been gone that had led her to think that she was just a convenience to me.
"Meaning if I'm not around, you don't get to grab one of the other women to fuck."
I snorted. "You think I can't be faithful to one pussy? Let me say it again, baby--you're the one I want. You're mine, Raven. I don't know for how long, or even what the fuck this is between us. But there's something about your sweet ass that I crave. You make me feel possessive as fuck, and that's not something I ever feel towards women." 
"So I'm different?" She smiled.
"You're different, baby. You make me different. I want to be a good man for you."
"You are a good man, Cole. I mean that. You took me in, kept me safe, and handled my trouble when you didn't have to. You saved my mother—" Her voice broke, and she took a minute to pull herself together. "No matter what happens between us, I'll always be indebted to you for that."
"How indebted?" I smirked, thrusting my hips into hers.
She snorted a laugh. "Well, not indebted enough that you’ll be getting any more of this if we fizzle out"
"The way I feel right now, we won't be fizzling out. If I could live inside your pussy I would die a happy man." I reached between us, grabbed my rod, and lined it up to her cunt. Raven automatically spread her thighs to make room for me, and I plunged into her sopping pussy. "Nothing fucking better," I groaned. "A nice pussy wet with my cum."
I slammed my mouth down on hers, swallowing her sigh of pleasure. 
Chapter 26


Raven


I bowed sharply beneath Cole when he slipped his hard length into me, opening my mouth for his tongue as easily as I had my body. The man owned me. I wanted him to possess me, and more than just my body. We were in full sync. We moved together like a well-oiled machine, the giving and taking complimenting our movements. I'd meant it when I’d said that he was a good man, and we had to get to know each other better, but right now I was content to give him my body while taking his.
"Feels so good, Cole," I whimpered against his lips. 
"Who fucking owns you, baby?" He pulled out only to thrust back in.
I clamped down on his cock, rewarded with his subtle tremor. "You, Cole."
"You belong to me now, woman." His thrusts said that he meant what he was saying. "No other man gets to fuck you. No one gets to fill your eager little cunt with cum but me." 
Oh, fuck, his filthy words caused a mini orgasm to ripple through my body. I literally felt my pussy pulsing around his cock. 
"Only my seed will be inside you, baby. Only my hands will touch this body." As he spoke his hands moved over me, leaving tingles in its wake. "You. Are. Mine."
"Yes!" I cried out in total agreement. I didn't want anyone else. Maybe we weren't completely there yet, but Cole was it for me. I'd never felt this way about any other man, and I knew that what we had was something special. The other women, the past, none of it mattered. What mattered was now, and us.
"So fucking tight," he murmured, pulling out to the tip and then plowing back in. "So fucking wet." His hand moved between us. He pulled out, took his shaft and ran the head up and down my slit and over my sensitive clit.
I bowed sharply, twisting my hands into the covers. "Cole!" 
"Scream my name, baby. I want the fucking clubhouse to hear you." 
He began to lick and suck at my nipples, biting them until I was squirming wildly beneath him. He plunged into me several more times, and then flipped me over onto my knees. I barely caught my breath when his hands went to my hips, pulling me back onto his cock. The new position took my breath away. Cole was fucking me fast and hard, burying his cock in all the way to the root, his balls slapping against the back of my legs, an erotic echo in the room. 
We were both panting and covered in sweat. My hair was sticking to me in places, and I could feel sweat dripping off Cole onto my back. My breasts were swaying against the bed beneath me, until his hands came around and cupped them. He used his grip to pull me up as he kneeled so that I was fucking him reverse-cowgirl style. 
"Oh, God!" I gasped sharply, leaning back against him and enjoying the ride. His hands caressed my breasts roughly, pinching the nipples until my toes curled against the bed. "I'm so close, Cole!"
"Going to get a fucking mirror so we can watch ourselves fuck," he growled in my ear. "Would you like that, baby? You want to see my big dick sliding up inside your tight little pussy?" He nuzzled the side of my neck, sending chills over my body. "You want to see my cum dripping out of your body, running down the inside of your thighs?" Growling, he sank his teeth into me briefly. "That would be so fucking hot, baby." 
He began to flick my clit. I threw my head back against his shoulder and turned my face toward him. He took advantage and covered my mouth with his, and that was all it took for to come apart. My orgasm exploded from me in giant waves that rocked my hips and caused my body to clamp down on Cole's cock. Our mouths separated, he grunted in my ear, and then I felt his warm seed flood my insides. He held me tightly against him, breathing heavily in my ear. We stayed like that until our orgasms waned and we were able to catch our breath.
I whimpered when Cole's cock slipped out of me, leaving me with a feeling of emptiness. I felt his cum dripping from between my labia, and then suddenly his hand was there. He grunted, gathering up the thick release and pushing it back inside me. 
My body super sensitive, I twitched wildly and then laughed softly. "What are you doing?"
"Want my seed inside you where it belongs," he rasped against my ear. "Someday I'll want it there for another reason." He moved from behind me and then pulled me down with him onto the bed. 
Ohmygod! Did he mean what I thought he meant? He really was serious about us. That knowledge warmed me inside. Cole had never struck me as the kind of man who would be interested in having a steady woman, much less a family. There were facets of the man I still had to discover.
Cole kept me spooned in front of him, our bodies tight. He didn't seem in any hurry to leave, and I was enjoying the intimacy between us. He hadn't seemed to want this sort of closeness before. I’d never been with a man before that wanted to cuddle after sex, so this was a new and pleasant experience for me. The few boyfriends I'd been with had been much younger and more inexperienced than Cole, and had been incapable of giving beyond the actual act of sex. 
Sex was a lot more than just the act of fucking.
"You're staying here." 
He hadn’t asked, “will you stay here,” or said, “I'd like you to stay here,” just, “you're staying here” in that rough, sexy voice that trickled down my spine like a subtle caress.
In spite of Cole's bossiness, I smiled. "Is that so? What about the life I have back home? My family?" 
His silence told me that he was considering this. "You live at home, yeah?" 
I nodded. 
"Now you live with me, and you can visit your family. They can come here."
"What about my job?" I'd given up my job, but I was fairly certain that I could get it back.
"Entertaining men?" 
I giggled. 
"Is it something you can do here?"
"I can do it anywhere," I admitted.
"What is it, woman?" He pulled me onto my back, his tone frustrated.
"Someday I'll tell you," I teased.
He growled. "What if I beat it out of you?"
I laughed. "What if you fucked it out of me?"
Instant arousal came into his eyes. "Don't tempt me, baby. Right now I need to get a shower and then update Demon."
I half-laughed, half-snorted. "You fucked me dirty?"
He winked, his grin purely feral. "Baby, dirty is the only way I know how."
Suddenly overcome with emotion, I reached up and curled my arm around his neck, so grateful for what he'd done for me. No words seemed necessary. Cole knew exactly what I wanted. He met my lips halfway in a kiss that was so unlike the man that I knew that it brought tears to my eyes. The kiss was tender. Soft. Filled with deep emotion. Our mouths worked together in a slow exploration that renewed the spark between us.
"Fuck," he growled after pulling away. "You're too tempting." With that Cole rolled away and got to his feet.
He was stronger than I was.
He stood there for a minute, shamelessly letting me check him out in all his naked glory. The man was a magnificent specimen, his cock at half-mast and bobbing. He ran his hand up and down his chest, a wolfish grin spreading across his handsome face.
"You're shameless," I murmured, feeling my body respond to his magnificence. "And a pussy tease."
He threw his head back and roared with laughter, and then, taking pity on me, turned and headed for the bathroom. I watched his retreating backside, licking my lips at the tight buns of steel. I lay back, totally happy and content, already knowing that I would stay. I would make a visit home to see my mother and sisters, but first I needed to get my car. No way was I going to stay without a way to get around on my own.
I listened to the shower running and got out of bed to dress with thoughts running through my head about all of the things I would need to do--find an apartment, possibly get back the job that I'd just given up at the Naked Lady. Cole wanted me to stay, but I didn't think he wanted me to stay there at the clubhouse with nothing to do. 
I was just straightening up the bed when he came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his lean hips and another around his thickly corded neck.
"You're a hot, wet mess." A God was more like it. "I'm going down for breakfast."
"Can you wait?" 
I paused at the door. 
"There's this new place I want to take you to. I'm in the mood for steak."
"For breakfast?" I shuddered with distaste, smiling. "I'm going down for coffee then. I need fuel." A slow smile turned up the corners of my mouth as a thought occurred to me. "This will be our first date!" I couldn't curb my enthusiasm, and my smile didn't waver under Cole's less-than-happy expression. "Get over it, asshole, this is a date." I left before he could refute it.
I heard Cole's growl while I was closing the door, and laughed all the way down stairs. 


****


Cole


I watched Raven's cute little ass leaving the room, slowly coming to the realization that she was right. Taking her to breakfast could be considered a date. I hadn’t wanted to burst her bubble by admitting that I'd taken Tamara to breakfast once, but it'd been as far from a date as the moon was from Earth. I didn't want to spend time with the club slut like I wanted to do with Raven. With Raven, I wanted to spend time with her in and out of my bed. That was a new concept for me.
A date.
Christ, I hadn't been on a date since high school. 
I quickly dressed and headed down to find Demon. With the trouble plaguing the club, I never knew when he'd call church. I wanted to touch base with him and find out if we'd had any luck in finding any of the pricks from Devil's Soldiers. 
I saw Raven sitting at a table, sipping coffee and talking to Lulu as I was walking down the stairs. As if attuned to my presence she turned my way, and fuck if her smile didn't get me right in the heart. What the hell? I wasn't used to feeling anything other than mild friendship or lust for a woman, but I knew shit was going to get complicated and messy with her. When emotions were involved, it always did.
I saw Oz sitting at the bar and made a bee line straight for him. "Hey, brother, Demon around?"
He shrugged. "Did you check his room?"
"Naw. Don't like bothering him when he's in there, especially if he's busy."
We both knew what “busy” meant when it came to Demon. Of all the brothers, he was the one who couldn't seem to satisfy his cock. Even before his old lady had served him with divorce papers he'd fucked around, a lot. She had, too. 
Oz snorted. "He hasn't been busy with any of the girls around here."
"Yeah, what's up with that? Must be some prime pussy at Crystal's Palace. That, or he's got a woman on the side that he's keeping from us."
"Guess we'll know when he wants us to know." His gaze turned speculative. "So how'd the trip to Bisbee go?"
"Shit's all taken care of," I told him. "Shark's got the crooked cop, just waiting for him to let me know the fucker is dead. The other two are already taken care of."
"So Raven is no longer a marked woman?" 
"Nope." I glanced into the mirror in front of us, watching Raven laugh at something Lulu said. 
"You keeping her?" He grinned, taking a drink of his coffee.
I didn't even have to think about it. "Fuck, yeah, brother. I've claimed her ass and I'm making her my old lady." Never in a thousand years had I ever thought that I would say those words. 
Oz’s eyebrows shot up at my admission, surprise spreading across his face. 
"Something about her, Oz. I knew it the second I set eyes on her." I gave him a serious look. "Tired of fighting it."
"Never thought I'd see the day when our enforcer would join the ranks of fallen brothers," he joked. Something in the mirror drew his attention, his mouth quirking with distaste. "Those two are up to something."
I followed his gaze to see Junior and Tamara with their heads bent together as if they were sharing a secret, but their eyes were on Raven. She was oblivious to their interest in her. I watched them for a minute, even after they realized that I was watching them and turned their attention away from Raven and towards each other. I had to agree with Oz. I didn't like the way they'd been watching Raven. I'd have to keep eyes on her.
"Can't say I'd feel bad if those two decided to disappear." I cut my eyes back to Oz. "Any news on Devil's Soldiers?" 
Oz shook his head. "It's like they fucking dropped off the face of the earth. We're beginning to wonder if it was someone else wearing their cuts that attacked the club."
That was a possibility, and it wouldn't be the first time that it had happened, but most MCs liked recognition for the shit they'd done to a rival club. Besides that, we didn't have any rivals in the area, so an enemy MC showing up in town wouldn’t have gone unnoticed. We may have been in the desert and fairly isolated, but we traveled everywhere. 
"I'm hungry." 
Soft arms slinked around my neck, and a pair of full tits crushed against my back. I'd been preoccupied with my thoughts, but Raven's husky tone against the side of my neck sent a jolt of lust straight down to my dick. "What are you hungry for?" I smirked. I turned slightly so I could curl my arm around her waist and pull her between my spread thighs.
"Well, if you have to ask…" She leaned against me suggestively, but the growling of her belly ruined the sultry mood she’d been going for. 
We both laughed. Oz shook his head at our display, but there was a grin on his face. The brother had been there and done that shit with JoJo. He'd been the first to fall.
"Brother, I'm taking my woman to Choo Choo for breakfast." I thrust my hips against Raven as I slipped off the stool.
"You should bring someone with you," he said seriously.
I shook my head. "Not on a fucking date." 
"A date!" Oz exclaimed, laughing. "Well then, no one would dare attack you on a date. Bring me back a Danish. I hear they make them fresh every day."
"Will do." I grabbed Raven's hand and pulled her with me to the door. We had to pass Junior and Tamara on the way, who were heavily into each other. She was sitting on his lap with his hand between her legs, and by the movements of her body it was clear that he was fingering her pussy. His other hand was fondling the naked tit he'd pulled out of her blouse. She had her hand inside his pants. Their mouths were locked.
Before I’d met Raven that would have been me, and not necessarily with Tamara. When I was in the mood I didn't care where I was. I'd grab one of the girls and we'd do the dirty right where we were. Raven was going to find out real soon that sex with me could be anywhere, anytime. That was part of what made it dirty and exciting. In fact, I already had plans to fuck her on my bike. 
Raven would be the one and only woman I'd fuck on my bike.
It was considered a rite of passage that we put all old ladies through. 
Chapter 27


Raven



When I realized that we were heading towards Cole's bike I pulled back. "I'm wearing a skirt," I pointed out to him. "Let me change into jeans."
Cole halted and turned back to me with a cocky grin on his face. "Nope. Need you in a skirt for what I have in mind, baby." His eyes roamed up and down my bare legs as he spoke.
"You look like a wolf sizing me up before you eat me."
He bared his teeth, and there was a gleam in his eyes that warmed my blood while feeding my imagination. "You don't get on my bike right now, I'm going to eat you right here." He handed me his extra helmet.
I caught my breath, watching him with speechless wonder as he slipped his helmet on and then climbed on his bike. Once settled, he cut his amused eyes to me. My heart began to race, picking up on the double entendre. Without another word I put on the helmet that he handed me and then climbed on behind Cole, wrapping my arms around his middle. I tugged my skirt down as far as I could, but it was short to begin with and the denim didn't give. Cole turned his head enough to look at me over his shoulder, his face splitting into a cocky grin when he saw my dilemma. I huffed with mild irritation. 
He reached back with both hands and wrapped them around my thighs, tugging me closer to his body. He slowly slid his palms down my naked thighs to my knees before giving them a squeeze. My panties instantly grew wet, my core constricted with need. It was clear that I was rapidly becoming a sex maniac around Cole. The man was potent and I was weak. 
Cole started his bike and we raced through the gate and onto the road. I didn't know where he was taking me, but I knew that it wasn't toward Boulder City. I didn't really care. Just being with him on his bike, speeding down the road with the wind against us, was exhilarating. Cole was a block of tightly controlled protection in front of me, his movements precise and experienced as he maneuvered the huge bike beneath us.
I wasn't afraid when I was with him, and was eagerly looking forward to learning more about the man. I already knew that he was loyal, honest, and fair. And in spite of what he thought about himself, he was a good man. The Desert Rebels may have been hard-edged, fight-ready outlaws, but they had good qualities, too. I was sure that my family would like him. I could see my brothers having a problem with the kind of life Cole led and his possessiveness toward me, but they would like the man that he was.
Content, I hugged Cole tighter, watching the desert landscape fly past until it gradually changed into rocky crested hills and small oases of greenery. We began to pass more houses, some old and falling down, and what looked like small settlements, where clusters of trailers were set up. Road signs indicated that we were approaching a small town. I could see it in the distance. Cole dropped his speed when we reached the limits, but we didn't go far. Soon he was pulling into the parking lot of a place named Choo Choo and parking his bike.
We weren't the only bikers there, and I didn’t miss the way that Cole examined the other bikes as we dismounted, sizing up the potential enemy I supposed, but quickly dismissing them. A smile spread across my face as I handed him my helmet.
His eyes captured mine, his filling with humor. "What are you smiling at?" He reached forward and ran his hands through my hair, which I assumed was a mess.
"You," I said. "You're always assessing the situation and ready for trouble."
The warmth in his gaze moved over my face. "That's my job, baby. Keeping you safe." Then, as if he couldn't help himself, he pulled me close and crushed my mouth beneath his. 
I moaned, willingly opening my mouth to his searching tongue, which was a big mistake, because once our tongues meshed we both went a little wild. Cole transferred his hands to my bottom, cupping the mounds and jerking me tightly against his loins until my feet were dangling slightly off the ground. A loud groan rumbled up his throat when I wrapped my arms around his neck to hold on. 
By the time he pulled away we were both breathing hard. "Damn, woman, you're a potent mixture of innocence and vixen, and you get my dick hard."
I laughed softly. "What do you think you do to me? My panties are soaked right now, and my clit is tingling."
He growled as if in pain. "Fuck. Let's get inside before I fuck you up against my bike for the whole fucking town to see."
Taking my hand, he turned and headed for the door. The Choo Choo was a quaint little mom and pop restaurant. The walls were lined with pictures from another era, photos of mining towns and miners and scenes from the old west, desert pictures with skylines streaked with vibrant colors while tumbleweeds dance across the dry earth. There were framed old newspaper articles. Small round tables with placemats designed to resemble the framed artwork filled the room, and about half of them were filled.
"Sit anywhere you want, folks!" 
I followed the voice to see an elderly woman standing behind the counter that separated the kitchen from the rest of the room. She immediately reminded me of a grandma with her gray hair pulled up in a bun and an apron covering the front of her. Behind her in the kitchen I could see a man who was about her age, and two younger people doing the cooking. 
Cole led me to a table by the window. 
"Nice place," I murmured, continuing my perusal of the inside. I could tell that the restaurant was new, but designed to reflect the ambiance of the history surrounding the area, of a much harder time in life.
"Good food, too," Cole said, already looking at the menu. 
I opened my menu, too. "What do you suggest?"
"Steak and fried potatoes," he said without hesitation.
"For me," I stressed with a smile, meeting his eyes.
He made a show of looking me over. Heat traveled up into my cheeks at the way his gaze lingered on my breasts. By the time his eyes met mine, again his had darkened with hunger, and not for food. "You'd probably like the eggs Benedict."
I loved eggs Benedict! 
"Good morning." I hadn't even noticed the waitress approaching. "Nice to see you again, handsome. Same as usual?"
I hated waitresses like her. Not because she was over-the-top-nice, but because of her familiarity with Cole and being so obvious about it. She wasn't just being friendly—her interested smile and the way that she licked her lips made it clear that she was hitting on him. I rolled my eyes. So far she hadn't even glanced my way. 
"Yeah," Cole responded. "You know how I like it."
What?! I glared at him, wondering if he'd slept with her. I forced myself to rein it in, because Cole was handsome and virile and sexy and everything else that women found attractive. Some women just didn't know to keep the effects of his presence on them to themselves. It didn't mean that they wanted to be with him. I narrowed my eyes on her, trying to discern if she was innocent. 
No, she wanted him.
I cleared my throat. "Good morning." Her gaze shifted to me. That's right, bitch, he's with someone.
"And for you?" she inquired, her pen ready on the paper.
"Coffee and the eggs Benedict."
As soon as she walked away I said, "She wants you."
"I know." 
My eyebrows arched with surprise at how quickly he admitted it. 
"Baby--" He reached across the table for my hand, his eyes smiling. "Doesn't mean I want her. Before you, yeah, maybe. Won't lie and say I didn't think about it. I've fucked a lot of women, and none of them meant anything to me. They were just a means to get off."
I snorted. "You're an asshole."
He didn't deny it. "What I did before you shouldn't matter."
He was right, it shouldn’t. But it still made me jealous to think of him with other women. How would he like it if we were surrounded by men that he knew I'd slept with? All three of them? 
"Didn't fuck her, babe." That was the first time he'd called me “babe”, and it warmed me inside instantly. "Not going to willingly put you in proximity with women I've been with unless it can't be helped." 
I knew that he was referring to the sluts at the clubhouse. "Thank you." The waitress brought over our coffee and then left again. I reached for the creamer. "Cole, I need to go home. I want to see my mom, and I need to get my car. I, ah . . . " I hesitated, unsure of how to say what needed to be said. "I, ah, I need to find a place to live if I'm going to stay here. Hopefully get my job back at the Naked Lady." 
He nodded as he took a sip of coffee. "We'll make plans, baby. As for the other shit—"
"Cole, I can't live at the clubhouse, and I have to work. I have to have something to do. I liked my job at the Naked Lady."
"You didn't let me finish, woman," he scolded lightly. 
I remained quiet, giving him the opportunity to say what he'd been about to say before I’d cut him off. 
"Know you can't live at the clubhouse. Don't want you around that shit all the time. Going to move you into my house." 
Cole had a house? I opened my mouth to speak, but he held his hand up, stopping me. 
"I have a small house halfway between the clubhouse and Boulder City, a foreclosure I've been fixing up. Figured someday I'd grow tired of living at the clubhouse. It's almost done, so you can move in soon."
"So you'll rent it out to me?"
"Fuck, no." There was a frown between his eyes, as if he couldn't believe that I'd suggested that. "Raven, you're my woman. I've claimed you for real, babe. That means I take care of you. You don't have to work, but not going to stop you if you want to. I get that you want your independence. If you're not ready for us to live together I'll stay at the clubhouse until you are."
I just stared at him in awe. He'd clearly been thinking things over. And if he thought I was going to move into his house while he stayed at the clubhouse around all those loose women he was in for a big surprise. 
"Don't think I've ever seen you speechless before," he joked with a grin.
The waitress came to the table with our food. She set the plates down, her gaze lingering on Cole. "Let me know if you need anything else."
"We will," I spoke, drawing her eyes to me. Cole chuckled and the woman left. I returned my gaze to his. "I guess I'm in shock that you have a house." I watched him salt and pepper his food.
"There are a lot of things you don't know about me."
"Or me you."
"You know what's important," he said before cramming a big bite of steak into his mouth. I swear the man barely chewed before he swallowed. "Going to change that, babe. First things first."
"What do you mean?" I took a bite of my eggs.
His fork, which was piled with potato, paused halfway to his mouth. "Going to make claiming you official today, put you through the rite of passage."
Rite of passage? A ceremony? I wasn't sure that I liked the sound of that. What kind of ceremony? I chewed my eggs as all kinds of thoughts went through my mind. My expression must have given my worry away.
A wolfish grin covered Cole's face as he chewed and then swallowed. "It's a kind of initiation into the MC, but it's for old ladies. Sax, Oz, Colton, and Reid all put their old ladies through it when they claimed them officially." He laughed at my concern. "Relax, babe, it won't hurt, I promise you."
I wanted to ask what the initiation would entail, but knowing Cole, he wouldn't tell me anyway. It was kind of thrilling to know that he and his brothers took claiming an old lady seriously enough to put them through a rite of passage. It showed the women that they were special, and that they meant something to the men. Surprisingly, I was looking forward to it. It would solidify our relationship. 
After a few moments I realized that Cole was still looking at me, waiting for a response. "I trust you." I could see that this pleased him.
 "Good. Remember that."
We ate the rest of our breakfast in silence. The waitress came back to our table a couple of times to refill our coffee cups and make sure that Cole noticed her. I wasn't stupid; I knew exactly what she was doing. By the time we were done eating, I was more amused over her desperation than anything else. Cole had simply ignored her. He'd been more interested in his steak and potatoes than her. When he was finished eating, he pushed his plate away and sat back in his chair, rubbing his full belly.
"Damn, I'm full."
"Well, you did eat half a cow," I teased.
He flashed his pearly whites at me. "Got to keep up my strength for what's coming."
"The rite of passage?" 
He nodded, amusement swimming in his eyes. "Your eggs Benedict good?"
"Very good."
"You didn't eat your muffin," he noticed.
"I never do." He reached over and grabbed half of it. I made a face. "It's all soggy." The fact that it was dripping with egg yolk didn't stop him from cramming it into his mouth. "You said you were full," I reminded him, smiling.
His big shoulders lifted in a shrug. "Always room for soggy English muffin smothered in egg yolk."
The waitress came over when she noticed we were done. "You folks need anything else?"
"Just the check," Cole said.
She smiled down at him, ripping it off her tab and handing it to him directly. "A pleasure, as always." She gave him a wink and spun around, leaving a trail of perfume in her wake. 
I rolled my eyes at the smug look in Cole's eyes.
"My dick didn't even twitch, babe," he said boldly. "Only for you." He scooted his chair back.
"You're an asshole." I shook my head and rose to my feet. As we walked to the register, I kept my hand on his butt in case our waitress was watching. It was a childish move, but I wanted her to know that Cole was mine. 
He. Was. Mine.
MINE.  

****

Cole


I knew exactly where I was taking Raven, exactly where I was going to officially make her my old lady. And if I did it right, she wouldn't even know what was going on until it was over. I grinned as I opened up the throttle and sped down the road until I came to the turn-off that would take us to Sunrise Heights, a spot barely known even to the locals, and where my brothers had taken their old ladies through the rite of passage. It was a breathtaking spot on the edge of an overlook facing a gorge that circled a crystal clear lake, and a great place for watching the sun come up.
I slowed my bike as we rode down the dirt trail, trying to avoid the bigger holes and rocks that caused my bike to bounce and slide. More than once I caught Raven's gasp in my ear, and her arms tightened around me. At the speed I was going, if I laid my bike down it wouldn't kill us, but it would hurt like hell. The ground was dry and hard beneath the sweltering sun.
Finally I saw the edge of the overlook coming up, stopping my bike a safe distance away from the edge, but close enough to see what I wanted Raven to see. There was no guard rail to keep people from getting too close, and over the years a few who had underestimated the unstable ground had perished. 
"Cole, it's beautiful here," Raven said in awe after I’d turned off my bike.
I removed my helmet and dropped it to the ground, and then swung around to face her, straddling my seat. Her eyes clung to mine as I reached up and wordlessly removed her helmet, dropping it next to mine.
"You're beautiful, baby." I ran my hands through her windblown hair, running my gaze over her high cheekbones, the crystal clarity of her sparkling eyes, her plump, rosy lips. From there my eyes traveled the graceful curve of her throat and collarbone, and down the deep V of her cleavage, revealing the tempting mounds of her tits. Her tee clung to her like a second skin, showing how hard her nipples were. I sucked in my breath when my eyes landed on the enticing triangle between her legs. Her short skirt had ridden up to the tops of her thighs, leaving her open to me.
I put my hands on her knees and gently massaged the muscles of her thighs as I roamed up and down her legs. Every time I got near her pussy I heard her breath catch, felt her flesh quiver beneath my touch. Her skin was soft and silky beneath my rough hands, the prize between her legs drawing me closer and closer. I could clearly see the triangle of cloth over her mound, and watched it become soaked with her arousal.
"What are you doing?" The huskiness of her voice revealed that she was turned-on.
"Touching you, babe." I could hear the hoarseness in my own tone. This time when my hands moved closer to her covered pussy I flicked my fingers over the thin silk, hearing her whimper. She spread her legs without being asked. I grinned, meeting her eyes. "That feel good?"
She nodded. I kept my eyes on hers, moving the soaked material aside and working my finger over her slit.
"Cole!" she gasped, reaching for my arms to anchor herself on the narrow seat. 
"You're wet for me," I murmured, fucking pleased. I ran the tip of my finger up and down her slit until she was breathless and trembling. "You want to come, baby?"
She was already panting and moving her hips against the finger that I'd slipped inside her pussy. My question caused her to open her eyes wide and look around us, as if to assure herself that we were alone. "Out here?" 
I nodded. I could see her swallow, and then she said almost shyly, "Yes."
It wouldn't have mattered if she'd said yes or not, I didn't intend to leave the area until Raven was screaming my name. I wanted her to come on my dick, but first I wanted to make her come on my fingers. Her pussy was dripping already, the sound of my fingers fucking her and her whimpers adding an element of eroticism that made my dick leak. Her nails bit into my arms, her plump lips parted as she panted. Her head was thrown back, her face lifting toward the sun with an expression of ecstasy. 
Jesus, she took my fucking breath away.
I curled my fingers inside her and reached for her sweet spot while my thumb flicked over her swollen clit. Raven's hips were rocking against my hand, and I knew by the tightening of her body and the moans escaping her throat that she was almost there. I decided to push her over the edge.
"You have a greedy little cunt, baby," I growled low. "I can feel your pussy tightening around my fingers, trying to suck them inside." She cried out softly. "You're so hot and wet. I know you want to put some cum on my fingers." She whimpered. "Put some fucking cream on my fingers so I can taste how sweet you are," I demanded gruffly.
"Cole, I—" She couldn't catch her breath, and I was about to fucking come inside my pants. I needed to be inside her, and soon. "Oh, God, I'm coming!" 
I felt her muscles clamp down on my fingers, and then she was exploding around me with an echoing cry. I kept my fingers buried deep and gave her time to ride her release until it gradually faded, leaving her twitching with the aftershocks. She leaned in against me. I buried my free hand in the hair at the back of her head and crushed her lips beneath mine.
Her mouth was soft and warm, her little tongue thrusting against mine and causing more pre-cum to leak from my dick. My balls ached with the need to unload. I could feel our hearts pounding against each other. Twisting the silky hair in my hand, I pulled Raven's head back and met the passion in her glazed eyes. "I fucking need you," I grated close to her face. I yanked my fingers out of her pussy. "Reach between us and undo my pants."
She did what I asked. No hesitation. No questions. 
I watched her small hands unsnap and then unzip my pants. The force of my hard-on slightly parted the material, but not enough that it slipped out. "Now take out my dick." Again Raven followed orders, her movements almost eager. I lifted my hips slightly so that she could get my dick out, and then lowered my ass to the seat again. "How bad do you want my dick, baby?"
Her eyes lifted from my dick to my eyes. She licked her lips. "Badly." Her tone was barely a whisper. 
"Tell me what you want." I was barely holding back from taking her like an animal. Lust surged like fire through my veins, telling me that the only thing that would cool my blood was the relief I'd find in her body. 
"I want you, Cole. I want your cock inside me, fucking me hard and fast. I want to come on your cock, I want your cum inside me."
I snapped and lost control. With a sharp pull I rid her of her panties, grabbed her by the hips, and jerked her forward, impaling her on my dick. We both released sounds of gratification, and then I was fucking her like there was no tomorrow. No finesse, no tenderness. It was raw and rough, and I relished in her little moans and grunts each time I slammed inside her willing body. My dick tunneled into her thick wetness until a barrier stopped it, and then I pulled out to the head and did it all over again. Raven was made for my cock. We fit.
I continued to plow into her, seeking my pleasure but knowing that I was giving her pleasure, too. As rough as I was being it was a miracle the bike beneath us didn't topple over. 
"Jesus, baby, I'm going to fucking explode."
"Yes!" she hissed. "Explode inside me, fill me with your cum!"
I grunted, feeling her body clamp down on my dick and I knew that she was close to coming again. It took everything I had in me to slow down. I wanted to feel her come undone around my dick, wanted to enjoy the wetness and spasms that would have her clenching my flesh without mercy. Sliding inside her felt so fucking good, and I knew that I couldn't hold back much longer.
"Baby," I panted harshly, "you need to put some cum on my dick so I can fill you with mine."
She moaned, clenching her muscles. I slammed my mouth down on hers with a grunt, feeling a ripple roll over my taut muscles. With the same hand I'd used to get her off before I grabbed my dick and ran it over her little clit until she was exploding uncontrollably. She turned her head away and sucked in air.
"Cole!" she screamed when her orgasm hit.
A feral possessiveness surged through me as she convulsed. I penetrated her pussy, which was pulsing with her orgasm, and fucked her through it, finding my own release with a roar. I clutched Raven to me roughly as I pumped her full of my seed, burying my face in the crook of her neck. She wrapped her arms around my back and we sat like that for countless minutes, our sharp gasps the only audible sound.
Soon, though, a whistling cut through the air, and it wasn't a bird.
Raven stiffened, and the slight movement of her head revealed that she was looking around for the source of the sound. I waited. She caught her breath and her whole body froze. 
"Cole—" It was a whisper against my ear.
"I know he's there," I said calmly. I pulled back slightly and looked in the same direction that Raven was.
LD was sitting on his bike, his massive arms crossed over his chest, silently watching us with a fixed expression on his craggy face. Couldn't tell if he'd enjoyed the show or not, the man was made of stone. The only life was in his unblinking eyes. I knew by his whistle that he was ready to go.
"Thanks, brother."
He gave me a chin lift, started his bike, and took off.
As soon as he was gone, Raven punched me in the shoulder. "What the hell was that all about, Cole?"
When she made a move to get off my bike I held her tight against me. "Calm yourself, woman. That was LD witnessing the rite of passage." 
She stilled, her mouth opening with disbelief. 
"The rule is that at least one brother has to watch the official claiming for it to be accepted by the club. Just be glad you’re not Annie. Colton claimed her in front of the whole damned club."
"You could have warned me," she huffed.
"Would you have consented to it?" 
She opened her mouth and then shut it just as fast. 
"I didn't think so." I smoothed my hands over her hair, staring into her slightly annoyed eyes. "Besides, I wanted you to enjoy it, Raven. If you'd known LD was watching you would have been uptight." I kissed her obstinate mouth, smiling inside when I felt her softening. I pressed my tongue against her lips, encouraging her to open to me, growling with pleasure when she did.
"I could fucking kiss you all day," I rasped against her mouth. "Consider yourself my old lady, now."
"You going to give me another orgasm?" There was a teasing light in her eyes as she bumped her hips against mine, reminding me that my dick was still inside her and growing.
"You're an insatiable bitch," I grumbled. "Fuck, yeah, baby. I'll give you all the orgasms you want."
I slammed my mouth back down on hers and proceeded to show Raven that I was a man of my word. 
Chapter 28


Raven



I didn't realize the significance of the rite of passage until Cole and I returned to the clubhouse much later that day and were met with a celebration, one in our honor. Hoots and hollers and raised glasses of congratulations greeted us when we entered the bar. Either LD had wasted no time in spreading the news that Cole had claimed me, or the whole thing had been planned in advance, and I was the only one who hadn’t known anything about it.
I glanced up at Cole suspiciously, and he winked down at me and took my hand, leading me further into the room toward the bar. It looked like everyone was there, including the old ladies. They were sitting at one of the tables, giving me the thumbs up with ear to ear smiles on their faces. I gave them a finger wave as Cole continued to steer me to a vacant stool next to Demon. As if on cue, the room quieted down.
"Brothers!" Demon made a show of looking over at where JoJo, Holly, Annie, and Ellie were sitting. "Old ladies. Meet our newest old lady, and property of our enforcer Cole--Raven!" 
With all eyes on me, I felt as if I should be wearing a crown or something. God, I hoped I wasn't expected to make a speech. A room full of burly bikers was intimidating, but at least they were all smiling. Well, most of them. I caught Junior's sneer, but quickly averted my gaze.
Demon turned to me. "Welcome to Desert Rebels, honey. You're one of us now. You're family. That means that you get respect, protection, and love from all the brothers and their women. You need anything, have any kind of trouble, the club takes care of it. All we expect in return is your loyalty and discretion when dealing outside these gates." 
He and Cole exchanged a knowing look, one that spoke volumes. I had a suspicion that Cole and I would have a talk later that would lay out the details of what would be expected of me. 
"Everyone drink up!" Demon raised his beer. "Food will be ready soon."
That explained where the club women were, because not one of them was present. The smell filtering through the room was heavenly, and if I had to guess, I would say that Lulu had probably cooked most of it. 
Cole and I hadn't eaten since breakfast, and I was starving. After my initiation in front of LD, he'd taken us down to the beautiful, blue lake. The flat rock that we'd found had been the perfect height from the cool water, and we'd spent hours sitting soaking our feet and talking. 
"Baby." 
I spun on my stool toward Cole. 
"You want to join the old ladies, go ahead. I'm sure they're dying to get you all to themselves."
His smile warmed me. I cast a glance at the women in question and found that they were all watching us with eager expressions. I laughed softly when Annie motioned me over to the table. I slipped off my stool.
"Just make sure you get my size right."
I halted abruptly, my eyes widening as it slowly dawned on me what he was referring to. Laughing, I shook my head with disbelief and took the few steps to their table.


****



Cole


I kept my eyes on Raven as she walked away, totally convinced that I'd made the right decision in making her my old lady, especially after the day we'd spent at the lake. Spending hours with a woman and just talking to her was new for me. It was not something I'd wanted or had the time for in the past. I'd just not been interested in getting to know a woman. Raven was interesting, and the more she'd told me about herself, the more I liked. She was kind and caring, but she still wouldn't tell me what she’d done at her job in Bisbee. I knew it would be easy to find out what it was, but I wanted her to tell me.
"What you thinking, brother?" 
I cut my eyes to Demon. 
"How fucking lucky you are?"
I smirked at the skepticism in his tone. "You don't think it's good when a brother finds a woman?" 
He shrugged, bringing his beer to his lips. 
"Don't compare all relationships with yours and Julia's, Prez. The brothers with old ladies seem happy enough. Maybe I want to see what the fuss is all about."
A snort escaped him. "Pussy whipped, all of you." 
Dancer was working behind the bar, and I signaled him for a drink when he glanced our way. "Tequila," I ordered, before turning back to Demon. "Seems there might be some special pussy you've been singling out at Crystal's Palace," I remarked, taking the drink Dancer handed me. 
He pinned his dark eyes on me for a long minute. "The brother's been talking?" 
I didn't respond, taking a drink instead. Demon released a heavy sigh, running his hand over the lower half of his whiskered jaw. "Fuck, figured that would happen sooner or later. You brothers are like gossiping old ladies." He hesitated for a minute. "Not ready to talk about it." 
I nodded with understanding, watching him chug down the rest of his beer, and noting that the sound of a saxophone was replacing the heavy rock that had been playing in the background. 
Sax didn't usually play in front of an audience, preferring the privacy of his room. I was no expert, but the brother was damned good, and the room quieted down to listen. I turned to see him standing over the old ladies at their table, his eyes closed and head slightly back, his Adam's apple bobbing as he blew out a an old song on his 1956 Selmer. 
Holly's face revealed her love for Sax, tears brightening her eyes at the deep emotion the saxophone seemed to be pulling from her. She seemed kind of sad, and I wondered if something else was going on with them. Sax had been moody lately. The other old ladies showed their quiet pleasure as they gazed at Sax as if he were the latest rock star, while Raven was swaying slightly back and forth in her chair, losing herself in his slow, sexy rendition of Ain't No Sunshine When She's Gone. 
"Brother's good," Loco muttered next to me. 
I couldn't disagree, turning back to face the bar. I held my empty glass up for Dancer to see. "Hit me again, brother." As he poured me another shot, I caught sight of Junior going up the stairs, and then I heard the sultry alto of a voice from heaven, singing along with Sax's playing. If the room had been quiet before, you could have heard a pin drop now, as all eyes were riveted on my old lady. 
Demon elbowed me. "Holy shit, brother, did you know your woman could sing?" 
I swung around and glued my gaze on Raven. She'd started out slow and low, as if unsure that Sax would welcome her joining in. He opened an eye and acknowledged her with a brief nod. Given his silent approval her tone grew stronger, yet didn't lose the husky quality that was so damned sexy. "Jesus, so this is how she entertained the men at her club," I murmured to no one in particular.
"Huh?" Loco grunted.
I shook my head, too mesmerized with the beauty coming from Raven's mouth to ruin it by talking over her. She was good enough to sing professionally. So was Sax. In fact, they made a good team. As the song wound down, Raven opened her eyes and her gaze locked on mine instantly. A teasing smile played on her lips that I wanted to suck right off. The smoky heat in her voice turned my fucking dick hard, and I moved slightly to get comfortable on the seat. Someone snickered, wasn't sure who, didn't give a fuck who. 
Sax and Raven ended at the same time, and the room broke out in applause and cheers. Holly stood and wrapped her arms around Sax's neck while the old ladies hovered around Raven, all chattering at the same time. Raven didn't even make an attempt to get a word in, her eyes still fixed on me. I crooked my finger at her. She stood, but then something Ellie said to her got her attention and she turned her way.
"Food's ready!" Lulu announced, entering the room. Mitzi and Cherry were behind her. 	
I got up and went to my woman. Deep in conversation with Ellie, she didn't see me approach. I stepped up behind her and brought my arms down around her neck, giving her ear a tug. "So you're a singer." I wanted to swallow her husky laugh. 
"Took you long enough to figure it out. I practically had to tell you."
I had nothing to say to that. With her against me, all I could think about was how responsive she was when we fucked. How giving. As I played with her ear, I caught sight of Sax and Holly making their way toward the stairs. There was only one logical reason to go upstairs this early in the evening.
Raven tilted her head back to look up at me. I took advantage and swooped down to cover her lips with mine. It’s what she wanted. As I ground my mouth over hers she opened with a moan, thrusting her little tongue against mine. I didn't give a fuck that we were in a room full of my brothers, my hand roamed down her body to her tits, cupping one and flicking my thumb over the extended nipple. I'd bet that she was wet between her legs, too.
Shit. When I realized how turned on I was I forced myself to slow down. I heard someone clear their throat. JoJo gave us a wink as she headed off toward the kitchen. You'd think after the day of fucking we'd had that I'd have been satisfied with a kiss, but I wanted Raven more than ever. She was a drug that I was addicted to, and I needed a hit.
No, I take that back. She’s in my heart.
"You're dangerous, woman," I growled down into her satisfied face. "I can't get enough of you." I thrust my hard dick into her backside.
She laughed softly. "I feel the same way." 
"How hungry are you?" I rasped into her ear, adding, "For food?"
She moaned with a wild shiver. "Not that hungry."
"I need you now." I nibbled the area beneath her ear. "Fuck, I want you."
"Then what are you waiting for?" she asked in a hoarse voice.
Growling, I snatched her hand up, spun her around and pulled her briskly toward the steps. As we were walking up the stairs we met Junior and Tamara coming down. It was clear from their appearances what they'd been doing. I clenched my jaw because the look in the club slut's eyes said she was going to cause trouble. Junior's drunken eyes were eye-fucking my woman, the things that he wanted to do to her transparent. Raven gasped and Tamara squealed when I ripped Junior away from her. Before anyone could guess my intentions, I had him pinned against the railing with my arm across his upper chest and throat.
"Keep your fucking eyes and your filthy thoughts off my old lady," I snarled, reminding him of Raven's new status. 
He laughed, blinking to clear his eyes of the alcohol haze. "Can't stop a man from thinking—"
"I can if he's dead," I grated between my teeth. I purposely looked over the railing to the floor below. "A fall from here could break your fucking neck." We both knew it wasn't an idle threat. 
"Fuck, brother, I don't need your woman. I got the best club pussy in the place."
I snorted, casting a quick glance at Tamara, who was standing in quiet fear. I saw that excitement shined in Raven's eyes. I almost made the critical mistake of telling Junior  that he only wanted my leftovers, but I wouldn't disrespect Raven in that way. Everyone there knew that I'd fucked Tamara. 
I was done. I gave Junior a sharp push against the rail and released him. Then I took up Raven's hand again and we finished our journey to our room. The door was barely closed when she threw herself against me. I stumbled back against the door with a grunt.
"Do you know how hot your growly, bad-ass manliness makes me?" she breathed against my lips. "I'm going to hate leaving you."
"What makes you think you're going without me?"
She pulled back with surprise. "You're going with me?"
I grumbled roughly, "Baby, how the fuck did you think you were going to get home? I'm not letting your sexy ass out of my sight."
She attacked my mouth with hers. I wrapped my arms around her and crushed her against me, grinding my dick into her until we were both breathless and wild. We stumbled our way to the bed and fell down, still clutching each other. My hands immediately began tugging her clothes off, while hers went to my cut. It didn't take much to shrug it off, and then her hands were at the bottom of my t-shirt. As she tugged it up my body I helped her get it off over my head. In a hurry to get to her tits, I tore her shirt off. 
"Cole," Raven laughed.
I growled and kept going. Her short skirt came next. It was easy to yank it down her legs and toss it to the floor. She kicked off her shoes, and then I was flat on my back, kicking off my boots as she worked at getting my pants down. My dick popped free, the rounded head purple and dripping pre-cum. Standing straight up, it throbbed strongly, tempting Raven to put her mouth on it as she worked my jeans down my legs.
"Fuuuckk!" I groaned as the wet heat of her mouth engulfed me. I instinctively thrust up, forcing more of my dick into her mouth. She moaned. I relaxed back on my elbows and watched her head bob up and down until I couldn't take it anymore. My balls were ready to explode and I wanted to be inside her when that happened. 
I grabbed her by the waist, flipped her over onto her back, and followed her there with my body. "Spread those thighs for me, baby." 
She did without question. I lined up my dick and thrust forward until I couldn't go any further.
"Oh, God!" Raven cried, arching her hips. She twisted her hands into the sheets beneath us, meeting me thrust for thrust. "Harder, Cole! Faster!"
I pistoned in and out of her sweet pussy, grunting with every hard thrust. Her tits were bouncing wildly, and I leaned down to take one into my mouth. Once I'd feasted on them until they were swollen and wet and the nipples hard, I flipped Raven over onto her belly. She automatically got on her knees and thrust her ass out. I looked down at her plump, glistening cunt, but it was something else that I wanted tonight. I parted the cheeks of her ass and stared down at the little star of her anus. I almost came then and there. I reached between her legs and gathered up some of the slick wetness there, bringing it back to her tight, little hole.
She gasped and jerked forward when she felt my fingers there. "Easy, babe. I'm just getting your little hole ready for my dick." I smeared her wetness over the area, slipping a finger inside.
"Cole," There was concern and a bit of fear in her voice. 
"I promise I won't hurt you, but I need this." I leaned forward and kissed one cheek and then the other before putting my mouth where I'd soon be putting my dick. I reamed her out good, until we were both breathing out of control and Raven was pushing back against my tongue and not pulling away.  
Once I’d got her ready I plunged my dick inside her pussy, getting it good and slick with her juices, fucking her back hole the entire time with my fingers and opening her up wider. She whimpered, and when I felt her pussy clamp down on my dick I knew that she was getting ready to come. I pulled out and placed my dick at her anus, slowly working it past the sphincter muscle until, with a pop, I was inside. A hiss escaped Raven, and I stilled to give her time to get used to my size.
"You okay, baby?" I reached beneath her and thrust a finger inside her pussy.
"Yes," she panted, her whole body quivering beneath mine. Sweat covered both of us.
"You tell me it hurts or you don't want this and I'm out. Okay?"
She exhaled loudly. "Okay."
I began to move, slowly at first, inching my way in a little at a time. I had to grit my teeth to keep from plunging all the way, it felt so fucking good, as tight like I’d known it would. She was squeezing my dick good, and once I was buried to the hilt a shudder ran over me. "Jesus, woman, you're squeezing my dick good." I pulled out to the head and then slid back in.
"So good!" Raven gasped. "Feels so good, Cole." There was slight surprise in her tone.
"Fuck, yeah," I rasped, kneeling behind her and picking up speed. I added a finger to her pussy, aiming for the sweet spot that would make her climax. I was right on the edge, trying to hold off until she came with me. It didn't take long for both of us to reach the level of intensity that promised and delivered complete and utter rapture. 
She screamed. I roared. Each of us consumed with the intensity that controlled our movements. We were helpless to do anything but ride it out. 
Chapter 29


Raven


Cole and I had fucked the night away. His prowess in bed was exceptional and blissfully satisfying, but exhaustion had finally won out. We’d fallen into a deep sleep curled around each other. The fact that Cole had kept me tight against him put a dreamy smile on my face, and I hated to move, but I had to pee. I carefully wiggled out from beneath his heavy arm and rolled away from him.
I glanced back at him as I walked naked to the bathroom, thankful that he hadn’t stirred. It didn’t take me long to pee, and then I brushed my teeth. Spying some dental floss on the sink I pulled off a strip. I paused in the doorway running it between my back teeth, and watched Cole sleep, I was about to drop the floss into the nearby trash can when something caught my eye.
"Oh, God, not again," I murmured as if to myself, staring down at the trash can right outside the bathroom door. I couldn't believe what I was looking at. Several used condoms, sitting right there on top.
"What not again?" Cole questioned from where he still lay in bed. 
Movement drew my eyes to see him lift his upper body until he was leaning on his elbows, a slight frown on his face. I blinked back tears. I couldn't help it. How was I supposed to respond to this? I just shook my head in denial and returned my disbelieving gaze back down to the condoms. 
When did he have time to fuck anyone else, was the insane thought that went through my head, followed by heartbreak. 
"Babe, what is it?" Cole pulled back the covers and jumped from the bed. I was aware that he’d come to stand next to me, but I couldn't pull my watery gaze off the condoms. "What. The. Fuck." 
His astonishment caused me to lift my eyes to his, but it was the way that he'd pinned his accusing gaze on me that clarified exactly what Cole was feeling--distrust and betrayal. It dawned on me that he thought that I’d left those condoms there, and I realized that somehow the tables had been reversed. The thought that he could believe that I'd been messing around with someone else crushed me. As we stood staring at each other, a multitude of mixed emotions crossing each of our faces, it became apparent that we were both trying to explain away what we were looking at. 
The look in Cole's eyes destroyed me, but it wasn't lost on me that I hadn't hesitated to believe the worst of him, too. The truth was on his face, though, and I knew that he wasn't faking it. He was as shocked as I was over the condoms.
"I swear I haven't been with anyone but you since I came here." I flinched at the desperation in my voice, but I had to wipe the suspicion off his hard face. "I thought they were yours, Cole. You and I haven't been using protection. I thought that you'd been with one of the club women."
Something flickered in Cole’s eyes, and his hesitation told me that he was contemplating the sudden appearance of these condoms and what they meant. I held his gaze, willing him to see the truth. Begging him to. 
"What did you mean by ‘not again?’" he demanded roughly.
"I found the same thing in your RV the day Bull and I cleaned it out. It was the morning that you brought me back here and left for Bisbee." 
His frown convinced me that he didn't know anything about those condoms. Had I been wrong then? "Tamara made a comment about them, so I just naturally thought that you'd been with her during the week I was gone."
"You found a trash can full of fucking condoms?"
"Used condoms," I clarified. 
"Well, I guess that explains your change in attitude when I called you," he said, as if to himself. He snorted, his scowl growing deeper between his eyes. "I haven't touched that bitch since the night I fucked you. Hell, even before that, when I picked you up at Denny's."
"But, then who . . .  I don't understand…"
He scoffed. "I think it's fucking clear, baby. Someone's playing games. And I think I know who the assholes are."
"Tamara?"
"And Junior."
"Junior?"
"Yep. I think they're working together to try and come between us. Every time I see them together they look like they're scheming."
"That's kind of childish, Cole."
"Have you met Junior? And never underestimate a woman scorned. Tamara wants me, Junior wants you."
"But he's left me alone—"
"Baby, every time that man gets you in his sights he makes his intentions known."
"So what are we going to do?"
"You're going to do nothing. I'll deal with them when we go downstairs. Get dressed."
I sensed a fight coming on, and had to admit that it made me nervous. I trusted Cole to handle anything that came his way, and knowing him he was going to attack Junior and Tamara head on and put an end to their trouble-making ways. I was having a hard time believing the lengths that certain people would go to in order to work things out in their favor. This could have ruined me and Cole! And it almost had that first time in the RV, before I’d even had rights to Cole. 
"Babe?" 
I blinked out of my thoughts and followed the sound of his voice to see that he was half-dressed.
"Do you plan to go to breakfast in your birthday suit?" His grin caused me to smile. "Because I have to tell you, I may be mighty, but I doubt I can hold off half a dozen or so brothers eager to get a taste of you."
"Maybe I want to test how strong your lust for me goes," I teased, reaching for a pair of jeans.
"I'd kill every fucking one of them who tried to get to you," he said in a seriously menacing tone. "And lust isn't the only thing I feel for you."
I caught my breath. Was he saying that he loved me? "But they're your brothers. What about all that ‘the protection of the club comes first’ BS?"
He was slipping into his cut. "It's not bullshit, babe. But if a brother makes a play for an old lady, that's betrayal, which makes him an enemy."
I pulled on a loud, gypsy-style blouse with a scooped neckline. The orange, gold, and red colors complimented my darker skin, and it made me feel pretty and feminine. I went to the bathroom and ran a brush through my long hair. Just as I was gathering it up into a messy bun, Cole walked into the room. He came up behind me, wrapped his arms around my waist, and pulled me back against him.
Our eyes met in the mirror. "I like this blouse on you, makes you look all kinds of wild and exotic," he murmured against my ear. "We look good together, yeah?" 
"Yes." Very good.
"But not as good as when we're both naked," he smirked, ruining the moment.
I laughed in spite of myself. "You just had to ruin it, didn't you? And here I thought you were going to get all mushy and poetic."
"That's not me, baby. You'll get the fucking truth, that's all I can promise. You ready to go down?"
I nodded. He planted a kiss on my exposed shoulder and let me go. Within minutes we were downstairs. Our intention had been to get breakfast, but as soon as we saw Junior and Tamara eating together at a table, Cole made a beeline for them. The room was full of his brothers. Lulu and Cherry was also there. While they were all in various stages of finishing up their breakfasts, something in the way Cole looked made forks and coffee cups halt suddenly in mid-air, and silence followed. Eyes were pinned on him as we reached Junior and Tamara's table.
Junior was smart enough to watch Cole's movements with a slightly worried expression. Tamara sat smugly with a satisfied gleam in her heavily made-up eyes, her breasts all but hanging out of the thin, untied robe she was wearing. It was clear that she was looking forward to the confrontation that was about to happen.
"Good morning, baby." The familiarity in her voice pissed me off.
Cole totally ignored her as he reached down and grabbed Junior to his feet with a fist twisted in the material covering his chest. "You're scum, brother," Cole grated into Junior's face. "The next time you leave a used condom in my room, I'll make you fucking eat it."
Junior’s eyes shifted around the room, seeing that they had an audience. "Fuck you!" he snarled. "Those aren't my condoms!"
"How did you know there was more than one, asshole?" Cole drew back his arm and punched Junior directly in the nose. Junior went stumbling backwards, wiping out chairs as the momentum sent him crashing through the room like a wayward torpedo.
Tamara got to her feet with something close to excitement sparkling in her eyes, as if she'd convinced herself that the two men were fighting over her. She made me sick, because I sensed that a large part of this shit had been her doing. She seemed the manipulative-type. 
Junior was back on his feet almost instantly and coming at Cole like an enraged bull, causing the club slut to jump out the way with a squeal. Noise and movement from the side drew my attention away from Cole and Junior to see their brothers had left their tables and were crowding together, ready to break the fight up if it got too violent.
My gaze returned to Tamara. She was standing there gloating, and I was sick of it--sick of her interference, sick of her snide remarks and her throwing it in my face that she and Cole had been fuck buddies. I took the few steps to get to her. Her gaze was focused on Cole and Junior as they went at each other with closed fists, so she didn't see me coming. If any of the men were concerned about my intentions, none of them made a move to question me.
"Hey, bitch." 
Tamara turned my way. I didn't hesitate, didn't question what I was doing, I only knew that I was tired of her. I drew my arm back and slammed my fist into her face as hard as I could, knowing that I had to make it count. I wasn't a violent person by nature, I had never fought anyone in my life, and I knew that if I didn't get her good up front, she could--and probably would--pound me into the ground.
The satisfaction that I felt when my fist connected with her nose and upper lip made me feel invincible. As she started to go down I took advantage and hit her again, clipping her in the eye. She hit the floor and grabbed at her bloody nose, her shrill screams echoing throughout the bar. "Remember this next time you mess with me or my man," I threatened, standing over her. "And just to clarify--Cole is my man." I pulled back my foot to kick her when a strong arm wrapped around my waist and I was hauled away.
"Think you made your point, honey," Bull said, close to my ear. I could hear the smile in his voice. 
Huffing, I glanced up to see Cole heading my way, a big grin on his bloody lip. My gaze darted to where Junior lay unconscious on the ground before returning to my man. I was trembling like a newborn lamb in response to what I’d done, wondering how much trouble I’d just gotten myself into.
"She deserved it, Cole."
"Fucking proud of you, baby," he surprised me by saying. "And if Bull doesn't get his fucking hands off you, he'll be joining Junior on the floor."
Bull laughed, releasing me instantly. "Just wanted to keep your woman from killing a club bitch, brother. We can't afford to lose pussy."
I rolled my eyes, and then found myself in Cole's arms. "Your lip is bleeding," I said softly. Everyone who'd left their chairs began to make their way back to them.
"Kiss it and make it better," he returned. I gave him a careful peck. "Let's get some breakfast. After that I'll show you my house." He wrapped his arm across my shoulder. "And will someone shut that bitch up?" 
Tamara was still moaning and clutching her nose as she writhed on the floor. The only one who moved to assist Tamara was Riggs. LD was bent over Junior, slapping him conscious. 
"We good, babe?" He was looking down at me.
"Very good," I responded smiling.
"We got plans to make."
Yes, I thought. "I want to go home first."
"Right after I hear from Shark that it’s safe for you."
How could I have forgotten about that? It reminded me about the other trouble the club had been having with the Devil’s Soldiers, and the entire reason that they’d needed a new clubhouse. I supposed trouble for the club was a natural occurrence, and something I would have to learn to live with. Distancing myself from the clubhouse by living off-site would allow me to live a somewhat normal life, while still keeping the man I wanted. 
I smiled up at Cole.
He smiled down at me.
I was pretty sure that I loved him, and that he felt the same about me. 
Epilogue



Three months later…

Cole


 My multilevel house was built on a rocky ledge with views of Lake Mead in the distance, and located halfway between the clubhouse and Boulder City. Some of my brothers and I were sitting on the open-air porch, doing the usual shit that we did every weekend. The smell of cigarettes was thick in the air, even though the brothers partaking in that bad habit had congregated at the end of the porch. Loco and Chewy were smoking weed. Chewy and the other two prospects, Dancer and Blue, had all been patched in a week before, after we'd recruited two new hang-a-rounds that showed potential of becoming good, strong members. 
Our women were inside mixing drinks and fixing side dishes to go along with the chicken and ribs that were cooking on the grill. I guessed that there was probably a lot of baby talk going on inside, as both JoJo and Ellie had recently found out that they were pregnant. Their laughter and chatter carried outside, as did the sound of dishes and silverware clanging together as they made whatever the fuck they were making. 
I picked out the sound of Raven's laughter above the others, and it brought a smile to my face. I was fucking lucky, and happy. I’d never wanted this kind of life. Had always thought the club and brotherhood was all I needed. But Raven made it so much better. The brothers with old ladies had been right--nothing topped coming home to a warm and willing woman and a home cooked meal at the end of the day. When she wasn't working. Christ, if I'd had my way she wouldn't work at all. She didn’t need to. I made more than enough to take care of us both, so we’d compromised by her working part-time at the Naked Lady. 
The only thing that would have made life perfect would have been finding the Devil's Soldiers, but the fuckers were nowhere to be found. They were ghosts. They hadn't made any other appearances after they’d taken out our original clubhouse, and none of our usually reliable sources had turned up anything. We weren't giving up, though. The cowardly shit that they'd done would not be forgotten or forgiven. We'd hunt for them until we flushed them out of whatever hole they were hiding in, and then we'd end them. 
"I still can't fucking believe this is your house, brother." Loco took a last drag of his weed and pinched off the end to save the butt. "You are one lucky mother fucker."
I'd lucked out. The house wasn't all that old, but the last tenants had destroyed it and defaulted on the loan, living like animals until the bank had finally taken it back from them. It had needed a lot of repairs in order to be habitable again, so I'd gotten a good deal on the price. Once the renovations had been done, I'd given Raven my credit card and told her to decorate it any way that she wanted.
She'd done a knockout job, and I still had some money left.
I picked up the beer next to my chair. "There's other foreclosures out there, you just got a find them." Bull was looking, too.
"But the view, man, it's like . . .  it's like a . . .  a fucking piece of, of heaven."
Laughter burst out in response to Loco's unmanly description. "Smoke more weed," Demon joked.
Loco laughed, too. "Fuck you, brothers." 
Raven poked her head outside the door, her long, silky hair falling forward like a shiny waterfall. "Anyone need refills?
"I could use another beer," Demon responded.
"Me, too, honey," Reid chimed in.
Her gaze, so alive and vibrant, met mine. "What would you like, baby?"
Christ, when she called me that it did all kinds of good shit to my insides. "Come here and I'll show you."
She giggled. "Let me get the guys beers and I'll give you a few minutes."
She was back in two minutes, handing Demon and Reid their beers, and then she came to me and I pulled her down onto my lap.
"A few minutes are all you can spare?" I grinned.
"Well, anymore and I'm afraid we'll be giving your brothers a show."
"We like shows." Loco's eyebrows danced up and down.
I nuzzled my face against the sweet fragrance of Raven's neck, inhaling deeply. "What are you girls cooking up in there?"
"You got me on your lap, and that's all you can think about?" She poked me in the belly. "Food?" she scoffed.
"My stomach or my dick, babe."
Her laughter gave me peace. It made the day brighter and filled my life with the good stuff. I was growing hard beneath her, but that was nothing new. Our appetite for each other was insatiable, and when it came to sex, Raven was open to it anywhere, anytime. Most of the time I was the one who held back, unwilling to give my brothers a peak of my woman's tits and ass. I was a possessive fuck. If I fucked her in public I made damned sure she stayed covered.
I groaned low when I realized that she was rubbing her bottom against my dick on purpose. "You're a little cock tease," I whispered in her ear.
Her husky laugh prompted me to grasp her by the back of her hair and crush her mouth to mine. I wasn't gentle. I ground my mouth over hers, forcing my tongue past the seam of her lips and entering her mouth roughly. Her little tongue fought back, and I felt her hands clench into the material covering my chest. 
By the time I pulled away, we were both out of breath. 
"I don't think I'll ever get tired of you, babe."
"Ditto," she countered, her eyes filled with smoky heat. 
I helped her off my lap and watched the sway of her hips as she walked to the door. Neither of us had said “I love you” yet. I was fine with that. It was there. 
"Oh, by the way--” She turned from where she’d been about to walk back inside the house. "Mom's coming for a week in July." 
I acknowledged her with a nod before she disappeared inside.
Beside me, Demon snorted loudly. "You're good and domesticated, brother."
"You should try it, Prez. It has its perks."
"No doubt." He exhaled heavily, staring in the direction of the lake. "Tried it once, it's not for me."
"Yeah, I recall saying the same fucking thing." Demon cut his eyes to me. "So did the other brothers who have old ladies."
He grinned, looking back out at the lake. "None of you know any better. The same pussy every night?" He shook his head. "Don't want to piss off my dick while it's still in working order."
We both laughed. All of us domesticated brothers had said something similar at one time or another. But when you find The One, that's it. Variety doesn't seem so appealing anymore. 
I hoped that Demon's day was coming. 
In fact, I knew it was…


The End

Thank you for reading my book, COLE. A review where you purchased it would be greatly appreciated. Please continue reading for more information about me and my books. Join my mailing list to get notifications of new releases. Copy and paste the following link. https://madmimi.com/signups/23b0628d798f41b8a96c5af3fb604e8b/join




Desert Rebels MC Book 2, DEMON, coming out later this year.

Demon - He's a known womanizer and a man with secrets but he runs his club with an iron fist. He had an old lady once, and he doesn't want another one. Yet a spirited little club girl catches his eye and fear forces him to push her away. Trouble in the MC has to be dealt with first, but betrayal brings them back together leaving him with a decision to make, either trust her and claim her or send her away for good. 

Bobbie - She's a club girl meant to be there to satisfy the men but there's only one man she wants, the president of Desert Rebels. He avoids her until the pain of seeing him with every other woman causes her to leave. But leaving doesn't keep her from trouble in the club, and soon she's right back where she started. Distrust and betrayal comes between them but she's determined to prove to Demon that she can be the old lady that he needs.




About Tory Richards

Tory Richards is an Amazon bestselling author who writes smut with a plot. Born in Maine, she's lived most of her life in Florida where she went to school, married, and raised her daughter. She's retired from Disney and spends her time with family and friends, traveling, and writing. 



Desert Rebels MC Series
Cole
Demon
Sax
LD
Bull



Phantom Riders MC Trilogy


Phantom Riders MC - Book 1
Betrayal leaves Hawk, president of an outlaw motorcycle club distrustful and hating woman. Once he’s satisfied his animal urges he casts them aside without a second thought. But then Audra shows up, threatening his club and way of life and Hawk has to decide to turn the sexy pint-sized package of trouble loose, or claim her for his own.

No Mercy - Book 2
Rock’s the VP of Phantom Riders MC. Dangerous. Unpredictable. Ruthless. A killer who’ll stop at nothing to keep what’s his. Allie had given Rock her virginity, and then ran away when she got pregnant. Club trouble doesn't stop him from showing up at her door seven years later, demanding his son, and claiming her.

What He Wants - Book 3
Big John...club enforcer. He's big and scary and he sets his sights on Daisy the instant he locks eyes on the curvy beauty. Daisy...she's grown strong and independent since leaving an abusive marriage, but nothing prepares her for the hulking, sexy biker who wants to claim her!



Nomad Outlaws Trilogy Book 1


Ruthless - Book 1
Blurb - Wildman forced Rebel to take Ginger's innocence in a sick and twisted initiation to prove his loyalty. He helps her escape, and she disappears soon after, helping herself to his money first. Four years later he tracks the innocent beauty down, but it isn't just his money that he's after. He wants Ginger for himself, and he'll go to any lengths to claim her.

Dangerous - Book 2
Jace is a nomad, an outlaw biker who likes to work alone. Fierce, dangerous, a killer when he needs to be. He calls no place home, and no woman owns his heart. Until her. Luna.

Furious - Book 3
Moody had it all once, and lost it in a heartbeat. Now he goes through life as a cold, heartless nomad. A man to avoid and be afraid of, uncaring that each day could be his last. He gives a fuck about nothing and no one, until an innocent woman appears out of nowhere, unafraid of his fury, challenging his demons, making him want to live again. Is he strong enough to let her into his heart?


*****

Phantom Riders MC - Hawk
Excerpt

I quickly scooted out of the booth, realizing Hawk was right behind me. Before I could question him, he grabbed my arm and proceeded to jerk me in the direction leading to the back of the bar. I glanced around the bar wildly, but I didn’t see Dane’s men anywhere.

“They left, but they’ll be back.” We entered a dark hallway and halfway down he stopped us at a door. I expected him to knock, but he lifted his leg and kicked the door in, causing the occupants in the room to scream out in fear. “Out!” he snarled.

I barely had time to acknowledge the naked couple before they snatched up their strewn about clothes and rushed past us. As the man passed me I recognized him as one of Hawk’s men. We made eye contact long enough for him to wink at me. Once they cleared the threshold, Hawk pulled me inside and slammed the door behind him.

“Take your clothes off.”

“What?”

“Take your clothes off.”

I know my jaw dropped at his demand. When I realized that he meant it I began to back up, slowly shaking my head. “You’re crazy!” I whispered sharply. 

“Take your fuckin’ clothes off!” So far he hadn’t moved from his spot, yet I’d backed up until my back was against the wall. “Those men knew how to find you, which means there’s a bug on you somewhere.”

I tried to decipher what he was saying, but my brain wouldn’t wrap around the words that he thought I had a bug on me. He took a menacing step toward me, and that was all I needed to do what he wanted. Strangely, I wasn’t afraid of Hawk, only of what having his hands on me would make me feel. I was attracted to him in a strange way that left me feeling confused. Maybe it was because I knew that he wasn’t attracted to me. 

I quickly removed my hoodie and handed it to him, kicking off my shoes at the same time. As Hawk began going over it, I unzipped and rolled down my jeans. I’d reached for the bottom of my t-shirt when a memory slammed into me.

“Just a minute.” I waited for him to look at me. “There’s no way there can be a bug in these clothes because they aren’t mine. I took them from a dryer in the laundromat.” 

He hesitated for only a second. “I want everything.”

Deciding not to argue with him, I removed my t-shirt and threw it at him. He caught it to his chest and I swear I saw the tiniest curve of his mouth showing amusement at my irritation. He examined my clothes thoroughly, finding nothing, as I’d expected. Then he turned those dark eyes on me, running his gaze up and down my body, missing nothing.

“Everything,” he demanded. “Or did you borrow your underwear, too?”

No, the underwear I had on were mine. An expensive, sexy, thong and bra set Dane had purchased for me from Victoria’s Secret. The way Hawk’s gaze moved over me turned me on when it shouldn’t have. I was no stick figure, my short height gave me curves I’d spent half my adult life hiding, until I’d realized that some men liked meat on their women. The coffee eyes on me now revealed that Hawk was no exception.

I swung around and reached up to unhook my bra, hearing Hawk’s hiss. Tossing the bra to him, I waited, unsure if I would be able to remove my thong. This was silly because my backside was completely naked to him in that moment. I pulled it down, catching another hiss from Hawk when I bent slightly to work it over my knees and down my legs. I tossed it over my shoulder in his direction. Completely nude, I reached for the top sheet on the bed before facing him again.

“Satisfied?” I nearly swallowed my tongue when I saw that he had my thong in his hands. There was no way a bug could be hidden in that tiny, see-through thing.

Hawk’s expression was savage. Something strong and basic controlled him. He reminded me of a bronze statue, solid and powerfully intimidating. I was a prisoner, held captive by the intensity in his eyes. Slowly his hand moved upward to his face, pausing right beneath his nose. His nostrils flared and his eyes closed as he crushed the bunched thong and inhaled deeply. 

Ohmygod, I’d never seen anything so compelling, so erotic. Lust slammed through me, flushing heat over my whole body. I held my breath and watched as his eyes opened slowly, lazily, revealing the truth. He was as turned-on as I was. No, scratch that—he was ravenous! 

“Toss me your shoes.”

What? Was I reading him all wrong, seeing something I only wanted to see? But then everything I’d learned during my short acquaintance with Hawk came back to the surface, reminding me that he ignored his emotions and his body’s cravings. I didn’t think that he was afraid of letting go, he didn’t strike me as a weak man, but as someone who thrived on absolute total control. That made him very dangerous.

I grabbed my Valentino sneakers and tossed them to him. He caught them with one hand. He examined them thoroughly, frowning when he came to the pyramid studs decorating the side. One of them appeared to be loose and with little effort he was able to remove it. He held it up for me to see but I had no idea what he wanted me to acknowledge.

“It’s decoration.” 

He shook his head. “It’s GPS.”

****

Ruthless  
Nomad Outlaws Trilogy Book 1
Excerpt


I grabbed Ginger by the hand and pulled her out of the room, down the hall and to the bathroom. Her resistance was futile, her fear unimportant. I knew what I had to do, and if she were smart, she'd realize it, too. If she wanted to live. I opened the bathroom door and yanked her inside, thanking fuck that I found it empty. It was filthy, but better than nothing, and it had a shower that everyone used when they felt the need to be clean, which wasn't often. 

Ginger spun around when I shut the door, the look of a trapped animal in her pretty blues. I ignored her growing terror, steeling myself for what I had to do. Even behind closed doors I had to make it real, had to be convincing that I was an unfeeling bastard. I saw her swallow, could see her tits rising and falling rapidly as the fear of the unknown overwhelmed her. She was expecting the worst, preparing herself to do whatever she had to do to survive.

"Take off your clothes." I kept my tone harsh, indifferent to her growing panic.

She shook her head vigorously and stepped back, slamming hard against the cracked porcelain sink. A nervous cry escaped her, and her eyes were wild as she took in her surroundings and realized that there was no escape. Her gaze touched on the door behind me before meeting my eyes.

"Please‒"

"Take off your fucking clothes," I said in an uncaring, demanding tone. "You're filthy, and not in a way that gets my dick hard. Now undress." I removed my cut and the t-shirt beneath it. "In fact, I think I'll join you." Her eyes nearly popped out of her head at that. "If you're not undressed by the time I'm out of my clothes, you won't like the consequences." I kicked off my boots as my hands went to the front of my pants. 

As I’d expected she would, Ginger's small hands began to unbutton her blouse. Slowly she began to expose enticing, creamy skin to my wandering eyes. I undid my pants. She lowered her gaze to the floor and turned around before reluctantly removing the garment. I let her have her moment of modesty before I looked into the mirror in front of her. Fuck. My dick took notice of her perfect tits and rosy nipples. Hard nipples. Surprising.


****

Dangerous  
Nomad Outlaws Trilogy Book 2
Excerpt


“What’s the hurry, darlin'?” This came from the biker that I'd been hoping to avoid. Samson had moved away, and the man's hands were resting on top of his thick thighs as he balanced his bulk on his bike. 

He was wearing biker gloves, the half-finger kind. As I glanced over the patches on his vest, I noticed that he had one on that said “Nomad”, while the other bikers’ patches revealed that they were in the Wreckers MC. His muscular bulk, the bulging muscles that I'd already noticed in his arms, revealed that he was a powerful man. He was nowhere near as handsome as the blonde God, but there was something about him that made him appealing, too appealing for my peace of mind. His square jaw and strong, firm mouth was sensual. Even though his eyes reflected friendliness, I got the impression that this man was dangerous and someone to be careful around. 

“I’m hungry,” I finally said, as if that explained everything. I ignored the chuckles of two of his friends, mesmerized by the steel blue of his eyes as they dropped down my body in a lazy assessment that stole my breath.

“Me too,” he returned, his gaze roaming back up my body. "And you're just my type."

Instant heat flushed through me. He was teasing me, and I didn't like the quirk on his mouth. The way he was looking at me made me feel naked in my jean cutoffs and clinging t-shirt. As I felt my nipples betray me by hardening beneath his stare, I took a breath and forced myself to walk away. 

"Sounds like your problem," I said indifferently.

There was no way I was getting involved with an obvious bad ass when I’d just gotten rid of one.
Well, one who’d thought he was, anyway. 






