
Table of Contents
Coming Home
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-one
Chapter Twenty-two
Chapter Twenty-three
Chapter Twenty-four
Chapter Twenty-five
Epilogue
About the Author



Coming Home

By Savanna Grey

Copyright © 2013 Savanna Grey



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording or by any information storage and retrieval system – except in the case of brief quotations embodied in the critical articles or reviews – without the written permission of publisher or author, except where permitted by law.

Published by Savanna Grey
Cover art by Book Designs by Dee
Photos used to design cover were legally obtained from Colourbox.com

A Note From Savanna:
I am so very excited to share Victoria’s and Drue’s story with you. Their sweet struggle between love of friends and family is so heart-warming. The strength of a small town community is priceless as Victoria discovers. 
I hope you enjoy their journey as much I did writing it. Even I was surprised by a few twists and turns the story ended up taking.

I would be remiss to not thank several people who helped bring my first book to fruition.
First, to my husband, children and extended family for encouraging me to finally put pen to paper, I love you all so very much. A special thank you to my mother for that extra push. Without that conversation, this never would have come to fruition.
To Deanna Hatmaker of Book Designs By Dee, thank you for bringing Victoria and Drue to life with the cover art. It’s really them. Author Janice Baker has been a lifeline throughout this entire process.
For endless nights of reading, editing, encouraging and constructively keeping me on track, I thank Barbara Durley for being my voice of reason.
To my readers, thank you for your support. I love to hear from you. Please visit me at:
Website: www.authorsavannagrey.com
Facebook: www.facebook.com/authorsavannagrey
Twitter: @AuthorGrey
Email: authorsavannagrey@gmail.com
 
Chapter One

Leaves rustled and rolled across the dying grass as the wind tussled Tori’s auburn curls into her face. Victoria Winslow would normally have admired the scenery. Mid-October in Illinois with all its changing colors and cooler weather was one of Tori’s favorite times of year. Today, though, she paid no mind to her surroundings. Two weeks ago she had stood in this same place as her beloved grandmother had been laid to rest. Tears streamed down her face unnoticed as emotions and memories swamped her.
  She was alone now. Truly alone. She felt the threat of the dark depression try to creep in, but she couldn’t allow it. She feared if she did, she would not escape it. She was stronger than that. Her grandmother Millie would not want that.
  Tori had adored her grandmother and grandfather, who had passed two years before her grandmother. They were truly the only parents she had known. Tori’s parents had been killed in a car accident when she was just five-years-old. Her grandparents had taken her, raised her and loved her from that day on. 
  With both of them now gone, Tori was at a loss. 
  She laid the flowers she had been crushing so tightly to her chest on the grave. “Well, as grandma always said – The Lord never gives you more than he knows you can handle. He must think I am an awfully strong person, Grandma, because all I want to do right now is curl up into a ball and pretend that you aren’t really gone.”
  The wind picked up just then and felt like an embrace around Tori. She smiled. “Yeah, I know. Self-pity gets you nowhere.”
  Tori blew a kiss at the headstone and lovingly stroked it. “I’ll talk to you soon. I’ve got a lot of things to do and decisions to make now, don’t I?”
  Everything had been left to Tori – the house, the land, and all its belonging. Now she had to decide what to do with it.
  Did she keep it or did she sell it? That is what she had to decide.
She had just over a month to decide and to get things settled before she had to return to work in Chicago. Her publishing firm where she was an editor had given her a leave of absence until after Thanksgiving to get it all figured out.
  As she folded herself back into the car and headed for home, butterflies settled in her stomach at the thought of being home for a solid month. It had been six years since she had lived here and six years since graduation night when everything had changed. She wouldn’t think about that right now, but she knew she wouldn’t be able to bury those memories for long.

  The Winslow property sat just on the outskirts of the small town of Oak Creek, population 1,500.       As Tori crossed the railroad tracks she had walked along many times as a child down to Oak Creek, the house came into view. The two-story farmhouse with wrap-around porch sat in the middle of five acres, surrounded by lush farmland. The property bordered the Morgan farm. 
  A warm smile crossed Tori’s face as she looked down the road to the Morgan’s home, which was about a mile down from hers.
  Kevin Morgan had been her best friend since Kindergarten, and at age twenty-four he still was. They had started school together. Tori still remembered that fateful day that began a life-long friendship.
Tony Miller was a first grade bully that liked to pick on little girls. Tori had been his target that day on the school bus. He had sat behind her and was determined to make her cry by pulling her braids and teasing her. Kevin was right there to defend her. He put Tony in his place and was Tori’s bus partner and friend from that day on.
  Tori and Kevin had shared everything growing up. She could not count how many endless nights they had spent up on the hill at the Morgan farm under the massive oak tree overlooking their property. The whispers of the wind knew the many secrets, joys and frustrations of two child-hood friends. They had been inseparable. Everyone assumed a romance would develop, but it hadn’t.
  Kevin was truly the brother she had never had. They loved each other like family. Even after they graduated and went off to college, Kevin to University of Illinois and Tori to Arizona State, they stayed in close contact by email and phone.
  There wasn’t much that Kevin didn’t know about with one exception. Tori’s smile faltered just a little at the thought of Kevin’s brother, Drue. She took a deep breath to calm the flutters in her stomach. No. It couldn’t be flutters after so many years. It had to be hunger.
  Drue was two years Kevin and Tori’s senior and had walked on water as far as the teenage Tori had been concerned. 
  He and Kevin were so different from each other in personality, but no one could mistake them for not being brothers. Both were tall, broad-shouldered boys – well, men now – with dark chestnut hair that brought out the emerald green of their eyes. Their stares had the capability of losing you in their depths.     Tori remembered when Drue would get angry with them for pestering him around the farm or sneaking up on him when he was with his latest girlfriend. His eyes would turn the deepest pools of emerald green she had ever seen. 
  Both boys had been taught from an early age by their father to work hard and be responsible. Kevin was the happy-go-lucky one of the bunch. He was always so carefree and mischievous. Drue was much different. He was always so serious and quiet. He would constantly reprimand Kevin and her for wasting so much time doing nothing but daydreaming up on that hill. 
  Of course, they in turn would always reply by telling him to “Lighten Up, big Brother.”
  Drue would always just grunt and go on to the next chore.
  Ironic how opposites attract, thought Tori. She had secretly adored him for years. No one knew, not even Kevin. That was until the night of hers and Kevin’s graduation party. 
  The Winslow’s and the Morgan’s were proud of their children and didn’t mind letting everyone know it. So, when she and Kevin graduated, they threw a big barnyard shindig as her grandpa always called it.
Tori still remembered how the Morgan’s barn looked with the lights strung, the band playing and practically the whole town was there to celebrate.
  She painfully remembered watching Drue dance with what seemed like every girl in town. Tori had not lacked for boyfriends herself, but she only had eyes for Drue. 
  He had come home for Kevin’s graduation and was on summer break from his sophomore year at college. Time had done nothing to lessen the feelings Tori had for Drue. This frustrated and angered her.   She just couldn’t understand why she could not get over Drue Morgan.
  Why couldn’t she have fallen for Kevin? Cupid had such a sick sense of humor.
  Her anger and frustration drove her that night. The memory burned her cheeks. 
  Her jealousy and need had taken such root watching Drue, she could stand it no more. 
  She had fled the barn for much needed air before her lungs exploded from the pent up pressure. She was leaning up against the barn bent over trying to drag in big gulps of air when out of nowhere and to her dismay, Drue was at her side.
  “Victoria, what’s wrong? Are you alright?”
  He had always called her by her given name, never Tori like everyone else.
  He had touched her so gently and his voice held what seemed like such concern that when Tori looked up and straight into his sea green eyes, she couldn’t stop herself. She kissed him. Really kissed him.
  Tori had to laugh, shaking herself out of the past. More like threw herself at him.
Once Drue recovered from the shock, he removed himself from Tori’s embrace and proceeded to give her one heck of a lecture.
  “What in God’s name is the matter with you?” he demanded.
  “I’ve never seen you act like this. Is this what has become of you the past two years? Do you make a habit of throwing yourself at any available male? You should be grateful that it’s me standing here and not someone willing to take what you just offered for Christ’s sake!” he thundered.
  She had run back to her house a mile up the road and had not spoken to Drue really since then.
  Oh, they had seen one another at family gatherings and holidays but never been alone. It was always the required pleasantries but nothing more. The tension was always there between them.
Tori had vowed that day she would put Drue Morgan behind her, and she had, hadn’t she? 
“Enough of that train of thought,” Tori told herself.
She wasn’t eighteen anymore and life had moved on. She was looking forward to spending some time with Kevin and catching up. He had been so supportive through her grandmother’s death. So had Mr. and Mrs. Morgan. She didn’t know what she would do without them.
She looked up at her home and thought how quiet and lonely it was going to be. She wasn’t quite ready for that.
She kept her car headed up the road to the Morgan’s. She would stop in on Kevin first before she got settled.

Chapter Two

As Tori crossed the yard up toward the Morgan house, she noticed the tractor sitting out in front of the barn. She heard what sounded like a clanking noise coming from the general vicinity and headed that way. 
  As she neared she saw long legs and a cute backside facing her in a pair of close-fitting worn jeans bent under the tractor hood. Kevin always did look good in a pair of jeans. She couldn’t resist. She knew how ticklish he was.
  Sneaking up behind him, she pounced, grabbing his sides and tickling away yelling, “Skittles!”
This was the nickname she had dubbed Kevin one winter when they were in grade school. His Aunt had given him a bright green scarf and bright orange sweater. She had thought he looked like a rainbow of Skittles candy wearing that. The nickname had stuck.
  Unfortunately for Tori it wasn’t her Kevin that banged his head on the tractor jumping in surprise and turning ready to attack.
  At the same time proceeding to spill whatever brown oily-looking substance he had been holding all down the front of his shirt. 
  Drue’s fiery green eyes stared back at her.
  “What the he...” he began to roar and stopped short.
  “Victoria?” he said almost in confused wonder. A mixture of emotions crossed his face before he seemed to gather his composure. Only his irritation remained.
  “What the hell are you doing here and why are you sneaking up on me almost giving me a concussion?” he grumbled as the rest of the oil that covered his torso dripped from his chin onto what was left of his stained shirt. He was rubbing his head where he had hit it on the tractor.
  She found her voice somewhere. So shocked was she to come face to face with a man she had not said more than a few words to in six years. Always one ready to defend herself, Tori straightened her 5’ 2” frame self-consciously against his six-foot frame and retorted, “I would think for an intelligent man like yourself, Drue Morgan, it would be obvious that I mistook you for your brother!”
  Drue continued to stare her down all the while fluid dripping from his chin. The situation struck Tori so unbelievable funny she could not contain herself. She couldn’t help it. The first laugh slipped out before she could stop it.
  “You find this amusing, Miss Winslow?” Drue ground out through clenched teeth.
  “Miss Winslow?” thought Tori. Oh he really was steaming.
  Whether it was from the tension or seeing him again or just the plain hilarity of the situation, Tori didn’t know, but the laughter came. It bubbled out of her like an erupting volcano with gut-wrenching ripples.
  Nothing could have prepared her for what happened next. She felt his hands on her forearms before she realized his intent as Drue pulled her forcefully to him.
  Chest to chest Tori looked up into Drue’s face and knew she was in trouble.
  His eyes had turned emerald green, stormy and turbulent. She had seen that look before and knew whatever was coming next could not be good, but never would she have expected what did. She hiccupped as she tried to curb her laughter.
  He swooped in quickly and pressed his lips to hers in what was meant to be a punishing kiss, but once their lips met, something happened. Sparks ignited. Her lips opened to him and his tongue invaded her mouth, scorching her.
  Just as quickly as the assault to her senses had began it ended.
  Tori knew she was standing there in shocked amazement and silence as Drue set her away from him.
Her stomach was in tight knots and she tingled from head to toe. 
Never in a million years would she have expected their reunion to be like that. His kiss had seared her to her soul. She was certain she now knew what it must feel like to be struck by lightning.
  “I see you have yet to learn that when you strike a match, you could get burned, Victoria.” Drue drawled dryly.
  “I on the other hand have learned something new today.” he stated sarcastically.
  His mouth twisted in that lopsided grin of his that always drove her crazy.
  “I think I may have discovered the only way to shut you up,” Drue stated. “Now I guess we are even.”
  With that he turned on his heel and headed back up to the house.
  Just as Drue came to the back door, Kevin came flying out of it. He looked at Drue with raised eyebrows smiling.
  “Hey big brother, did you have a fight with the tractor and loose?” Kevin goaded him mischievously.
  “Your evil twin has returned.” Drue stated dryly.
  Kevin’s head shot up and scanned the yard. His face lit up and he gave out such a hoop of joy that the birds scattered from their trees.
  Kevin bounded toward Tori. This caused Tori to shake the fuzz from her muddled brain. He picked her up hugging and swinging her around in circles of delight.
  He set her back down and held onto both her hands.
  “You’re back! Why didn’t you tell me you were coming today?”
  Tori smiled at her friend. It was so comforting to see him.
  “Are you alright? You’ve lost weight. Aren’t you eating? What...”
  Tori interrupted him
  “Kevin. Slow down.” She chuckled.
  “I’m fine. It’s just been a trying time. You know that.” She finished quietly.
  Kevin held her close and whispered in her ear.
  “I know, Sprite. It’s going to be all right. You know I am here for you.” He said gently.
  Tears fell as she clung to Kevin. She was so grateful for his support, especially since she felt so alone.
   Kevin stopped short and stared at his friend. With his typical raising of his eyebrows he questioned Tori.
  “Just what in the world have you gotten into,’ he asked as he wiped oil from the side of her face.
  “Don’t tell me you and Drue have mended fences and were working on the tractor together,” he teased.
  Tori looked down at her sweatshirt that was now streaked with oil.
  She could feel the grime across her face that had been transferred from Drue’s when he had kissed her.
No. No need to review that scene in her mind. She needed to forget all about it, although she doubted she would be able to any time soon.
  She playfully punched Kevin’s arm.
  “Your brother was paying me back for sneaking up on him, nearly giving him a concussion,” Tori grumbled. 
  “I thought it was you.  You have to admit, your back sides do resemble one another,” Tori said laughingly.
  The image of Drue’s backside as he was bent over the tractor invaded her memory. Heat spread through her entire body.
  “Stop it.” she mentally scolded herself. “Nothing good can come of those kind of thoughts.”
  Kevin reeled her thoughts back in.
  “So, I guess this means you and Drue didn’t kiss and make up?” he teased.
  Tori’s face paled, and she thought she would faint.
  Had he seen what had happened, she wondered?
  “Hey,” Kevin said more seriously. “I was just kidding. I know you and Drue have always been a thorn in each other’s sides, but for the life of me I can’t figure out why.”
  Kevin just shook his head. He hugged Tori close once again.
  “I am just so glad you are here.”
  “I have a lot to take care of over the next month.” She stated sadly.
  “You’ll get through it. It will be tough, but you are not alone, Tori. My whole family is here to support you.” Kevin affirmed what she already knew.
  “Well, I need to go get settled at the house. I haven’t been there yet.” Tori moved away from Kevin.
  “Alright, but come have dinner with us tonight. Mom and Dad will be thrilled to see you.”
  “That would be great. Normal time? 6:30?” she asked.
  “You betcha. Be here or be square.” He taunted her.
  “As if!”
  Victoria walked to her car as Drue watched from his upstairs bedroom window.
Lord how that girl, correction – woman, got under his skin. Time had apparently done nothing to change that with the exception that the result of his reaction to Tori had definitely intensified. She had always been cute and full of energy, but she was all grown up.
  She had turned into a beautiful vibrant woman. Her petite frame with her dark wavy auburn hair that curled halfway down her back was enough to catch any breathing male’s attention, but it was her eyes that always held Drue. Their deep brown depths always held so many emotions. She never had a poker face. She expressed herself freely and openly.
  He had worked hard over the past several years to ignore the attraction he felt for her. 
He couldn’t believe he had kissed her! What was the matter with him? He could still taste her on his lips and smell her sweet scent of lavender and lemon.
  She had always brought him to the brink of his control, and today he had lost it. Never had that happened. Even when the tables had been turned and she had surprised him so many years ago with a kiss.
  Drue had controlled himself then even though he had found himself wanting to return her kiss. He couldn’t. It would have been wrong. She was Kevin’s girl. At least that was how he had always looked at her.
  Even though it seemed amazing that there had never been any kind of romance between them, Drue fully expected them to end up together. Their lives had always been so closely intertwined. Even now he knew they spoke weekly.
  Victoria was off limits. That was why he had always pushed aside any feelings he may have harbored for her when they were growing up. Something had always been there nagging in his gut that intensified whenever she was near.
  What rattled him was that just the sight and sound of her today had unleashed such a reaction that he had actually kissed her. 
  He had meant it in anger but when his lips had touched her, his anger turned into such a heated rush of desire it had unsettled him.
  Never had he experienced such a reaction to any woman.
  He didn’t like it. He had always practiced self-control. It seemed that Victoria could reach something in him that no one else ever had. He was going to have to be very careful not to let that happen again.
  The further away from her he stayed the better. He knew that would be difficult, but she would only be here a few weeks, right? He would just have to deal with it until she left.
  A heavy feeling settled in his chest at the thought of being so close but yet so far from her.
He knew the sooner she left the better.




Chapter Three

  Tori climbed the white slightly wobbly front steps to her grandparent’s front porch. The wooden weathered porch swing creaked back and forth in the gentle fall breeze to her left. Her grandparent’s white wicker chairs with bright yellow and blue patterns welcomed her home.
  So many nights had been spent on this front porch. So many wonderful memories. They were like a picture show in her mind full of vivid colors. Her first skinned knee when grandpa taught her to ride her bike. Her excitement telling her grandma how Kevin had stood up for her that first day of school, writing for the school newspaper, her first kiss, breaking up with Bobby Johnson and so much more. 
  This front porch had been an integral part of her childhood. How could she feel so sad when she had been blessed with so much love?
  Tori took the three additional steps to the front door, took a deep cleansing breath and turned the key.
Warmth surrounded her. She sat her bags down at the foot of the stairs in the foyer. It had been just two weeks since she had buried her grandmother. The house felt so empty and quiet. No one greeted her. No sounds but the creaks and moans of an old house.
  She felt an overwhelming sense of loneliness.
  Walking through the house to the living room, Tori stopped in front of her grandmother’s rocking chair. It had always been her favorite chair, one that had rocked her since she was a baby. She had always felt safe and loved wrapped in her grandma’s arm, singing her to sleep to “In the Garden” her grandma’s favorite church hymn.
  Curled up in an afghan rocking back and forth, tears pricked her eyelids. “I miss you both so much," she whispered.
  All of her life was tied to this house. It’s contents. It’s memories. Even the cement outside had her handprint in it when grandpa had poured new steps to the back door.
  What was she going to do? She had a meeting with the solicitor in two days to go over the estate. She already knew the house was hers. The question was what was she going to do with it? Her life was in Chicago. Her friends. Her career. Her publisher. 
  For the past three years Tori had worked as a Senior Editor for McNutt Publishing House. Losing herself in the pages of a story and picturing the people, their habits, their adventures and hardships brought to life by the creative minds of the writers wasn’t work to Tori. She loved every minute of her work. What she desired even more was to write her own stories. Even now she was awaiting the review from her publisher on her first submitted novel. She knew it was good, but would they see it as good enough? Soon she would know. Then what?
  She loved the city, but it felt so good to be home. Home. There was no doubt that this was still home.
Can I sell it and walk away? That thought made her even sadder. Taking care of a property this size was a lot of responsibility. She couldn’t do it from Chicago. She really had a lot of thinking to do over the next few weeks and decisions to be made.
  Well time’s a’ wastin as grandpa would say. Tori folded the afghan and decided a cup of coffee is just what she needed before unpacking.
  Wiping her eyes and telling herself yet again that she was so grateful for the love and life she was given by her grandparents, she made her way to the kitchen and instantly stopped. Closing her eyes she breathed the scents in.
  The smell of sugar and cinnamon greeted her. She expected to open her eyes and see her grandmother standing at the stove. She breathed in deeply. Oh how she loved the smell. A smile graced her tear-stained face as an idea grew. She knew just what she was going to take to dinner with the Morgans.



Chapter Four

  “Knock! Knock! Anybody home?” Tori asked as she entered the back door through to the kitchen at the Morgan’s home that night.
  “Victoria, come in. Come in, dear. It’s so good to see you.”
  Mrs. Morgan said, drying her hands on a dishtowel at the kitchen sink.
  “I brought sugar crème pie.” Tori offered, handing the pie to Mrs. Morgan.
  “Oh, we better put this up before the boys smell it, or else they won’t eat any dinner first.” Mrs. Morgan teased.
  “Is that sugar crème pie I smell?” Mr. Morgan entered the kitchen and wrapped his arms around his wife and nuzzled her neck.
  Mrs. Morgan swatted at him.
  “You go on out of here, Bob Morgan. No pie until after dinner.”
  Bob and Claire Morgan had been married for 30 years and still acted like newlyweds. Tori was always amazed at how evident their love for each other was. They were an amazing couple and were like surrogate parents to her.
  Bob enveloped Tori in a bear hug.
  “Welcome home, honey. We’re glad you’re here.”
  He held her at arm’s length and looked closely at her. His eyes narrowed with concern.
  “You doing all right? You look like you need that pie more than I do.  Apparently you didn’t forget how to cook, so what’s your excuse for losing weight?” he scolded lovingly.
  “I know. I know. Kevin already lectured me. He’s promised to fatten me up while I’m here.” Tori joked.
Speaking of the devil…
  Kevin stormed into the kitchen and grabbed hold of Tori around the waist from behind.
  “Say you’ll marry me now so I can have a lifetime supply of sugar crème pie!” he swooned.
  Tori smiled up at her friend.
  “Then all your teeth would fall out, but I guess you could gum sugar crème pie.” she offered.
  Everyone laughed, including Tori until she turned in Kevin’s embrace and her eyes met Drue’s at the kitchen door leading to the dining room.
  He was frowning at her as usual.
  “I see some things never change.” he stated dryly.
  “Don’t worry bro. I’ll share the pie.” Kevin grinned mischievously and released Tori.
  “Dinner’s ready. Everybody go wash up.” Mrs. Morgan ordered.
  “Victoria, would you please help me with the food.”
  “Absolutely. Everything smells mouth-watering as usual, Mrs. Morgan.”
  Tori had eaten many a night at the Morgan dinner table.
  “Your famous barbeque chicken if my nose is not mistaken.” Tori stated.
  “Flattery will get you everywhere, won’t it Mom?” Kevin teased as he came into the dining room.
  Everyone was taking a seat at the round table, and it appeared Tori was being left the chair between    Kevin and Drue. Lucky her.
  Okay. She could do this, she kept coaching herself.
  Just act normal. Forget that kiss ever happened.
  Yeah right. Like that was going to happen.
  The conversation caught her up on what had been happening around town. The talk of course of the success of the crops that year, new machinery they were looking at for planting in the spring, who had gotten married, who had babies.
  It was all so comfortable and familiar. Tori felt a tug at her heartstrings. She loved these people and this place. It was so much a part of who she was.
  “So, Kevin tells us you are on a leave of absence until after Thanksgiving to settle things with Mildred’s estate.” Mr. Morgan began.
  “If you don’t mind me asking, honey, what do you plan to do about the property?”
  “Bob Morgan! Give the child a chance to get settled before you start giving her advice. My goodness!” Mrs. Morgan chastised.
  Tori smiled weakly.
  “It’s okay, Mrs. Morgan. You know you all are like family to me. There isn’t anything you couldn’t ask me.”Tori replied.
  “Tori, we are worried about you. We know you have decisions to make about the house and the estate.   We also see that, not to keep bringing it up, but you have lost weight since the funeral. You have to take care of yourself, sweetheart.”
  Their concern was her undoing. She had kept so much of her grief inside. Now being here with all of them so caring and loving, a tear escaped down her cheek.
  “Excuse me.” Tori quietly left the dinner table to go into the kitchen.
  She just needed a minute to pull herself and her emotions back in check. She stood at the kitchen sink looking out the window. 
  She didn’t hear him come in, but she felt the hand on her shoulder. She thought it would be Kevin.
  “I’m fine Kevin. Just a little weepy. Stupid girl thing I guess.” She joked pathetically.
  “I’m sure he will be glad to know that.” Drue replied softly.
  Tori gasped as she realized it wasn’t Kevin that had followed her into the kitchen, but Drue.
  “You know, Sprite, I don’t think I have ever actually seen you cry in all the years I have known you.”
  Tori didn’t miss the mention of her childhood nickname Kevin had given her. She was surprised to hear him use it.
  Drue turned Tori around to face him. He studied her face as her doe-like brown eyes and pixie-like face stared up at him.
  She was at a disadvantage this close. She had to bend her neck back to look up at him. Drue gently wiped the remaining tears from her cheek with the pad of his thumb.
  “You know, my mom is always trying to convince us boys that it isn’t a sign of weakness to cry. Maybe  you should listen to her as well.” He said tenderly.
  Tori’s heart thudded. Her breath caught in her throat. Being this close to Drue was nerve-racking, especially in her vulnerable state.
  “Did you come in here to make fun of me, Drue?” Tori asked.
Drue smiled.
  “No, I came in here for pie. The one Mom has been trying to hide until we finished our supper.”
Drue grinned cheekily and wriggled his eyebrows mischievously.
  Tori laughed. She couldn’t help it. She hadn’t seen this side of Drue up close before. It was unnerving.   Kevin was the playful, teasing one. Not Drue.
  This was dangerous ground.
  “Well, don’t let me keep you. You better take it in before they all come looking for it.”Tori conceded.
  Drue took the pie from Tori and started back to the dining room. He stopped and turned to Tori.
He cleared his throat and looked uncomfortable.
  “Look, Victoria. I wanted to apologize for this afternoon.” Drue started.
  Tori looked at Drue in shock. Had she heard him correctly? Were her ears deceiving her? In twenty-four years she had never heard Drue apologize for anything. Never. Sure, he would be the first to admit he was wrong about something, but when it came to Tori he always thought he was right in their disagreements.
  “You caught me off guard today, and I reacted unacceptably. I am not making excuses. I only hope you know I would never…”
  Drue fumbled and shuffled his feet.
 Tori could see his discomfort as well as his genuine effort to smooth things over. This was a new side to Drue for her. First the fiery, passionate man who had kissed her that afternoon and now a reluctant unsure side that was most definitely not his comfort zone.
  Tori was fascinated by this new insight. She had always sensed so much more hiding under the surface that he would not let be exposed. She only wished she were the one who could free him from his emotional constraints of always being the strong dependable and responsible son.
  At least make him realize that it wasn’t a weakness to have feelings and live life. Have some fun.
Just maybe the next month would give her the opportunity to show him. Dare she set herself up to fall for Drue all over again, or could she be stronger than that?
  She would just have to keep reminding herself that Drue did not feel that way about her.
  “Drue, it’s alright.” Tori started. “I know you would never hurt me intentionally. We just seem to have the knack for pushing each other’s buttons, don’t we?”
  Tori smiled at Drue, her eyes warm and forgiving.
  Drue shook his lowered head and chuckled, returning Tori’s smile.
  “No argument there, Victoria.”
  Now why did her name have to sound so seductive on his lips? She had never really cared for everyone calling her by her given name until she had gotten older. It had always irritated her that Drue would never call her Tori, but when he said her name it took on a seductive tone.
  “Why do you suppose that is, Drue?
  “I don’t know if I have an answer to that. Sometimes it’s just the way it is between two people.” “We are very different.”
  He sure as hell wasn’t about to tell her he burned to push her up against a wall and kiss the living daylights out of her.
  “Well, the way I see it we have two choices. We can continue to hen peck each other at every encounter, or we can call a truce.”
  “I am after all going to be here for a month. We will more than likely be seeing a lot of each other. I don’t know about you but the thought of being at odds with you is not very appealing, so what do you say Morgan? Do you think the grown up Victoria and Drue can play nice?”
  She leaned back against the kitchen counter to look directly at him.
  Was he frowning or pensively considering her peace treaty?
  He looked directly at her then. Something was there in his face. She couldn’t quite identify what. She could sense it more. His mood shifted. The tension in the air was thicker, but it wasn’t unpleasant. It was electric and made her fidget.
  “Drue?”
  “Thank you for believing me, Victoria. It means more than you know.” He stated very seriously.
  “And as far as the truce is concerned, I accept that challenge. It should prove to be no ordinary task for either of us.”
  Tori laughed. “We’ll just have to wait and see, won’t we?”
  She playfully bumped her hips into him.
  “Come on then. Everyone is going to be thinking we ate the pie ourselves.”

Chapter Five

  Tori and Drue came into the dining room together still laughing. Everyone was so surprised at his and her playful demeanors all activity stopped.
  “What? Did I spill something on me?” Tori looked down at her blouse.
  “Oh, nothing dear.” Mrs. Morgan was the first to speak. “We were just wondering if we might get an early snow as you and Drue seem to be getting along is all.”
  “You have to admit it is an unusual sight to see the two of you laughing together.” she finished.
  “If that isn’t the understatement of the year.” Kevin chimed in.
  Tori popped Kevin on the back of his head playfully as she moved to sit down.
  “Should you tell them or should I?” Drue smirked.
  “Oh by all means, please do so.” Tori smirked back like a Cheshire cat with a secret.
  “Alright. Spill it. What are you two up two?” Kevin asked. “You are freaking me out.”
  “Victoria and I have agreed to a truce.”
  Tori guessed you could best describe everyone’s response as shock.
  “Well, I think that is wonderful news!” said Mrs. Morgan.
  “We just decided it was time to bury the proverbial hatchet and get to know the grown up versions of our adversarial selves.” Tori smiled.
  “We just haven’t set the terms yet.”
  “Terms?” Drue questioned warningly.
  “Gotcha!” Tori laughed playfully.
  Drue bowed his head in mock defeat.
  “Father what have I gotten myself into?”
  Mr. Morgan rolled his eyes. He wondered what the return of Victoria Winslow would bring. He could feel the unspoken tension in Drue. He knew his son. Something was up. Those two had always gone head to head. He wondered what would happen now that they were all grown up. Did his son remember that opposites had a tendency to attract? He imagined his son would learn soon enough.
  “You are on your own with this one, my boy.” stated Mr. Morgan.
  “Some lessons have to be learned on their own. This I believe is one of those times.”
  The rest of the meal passed amicably with no further reference or questions as to what Tori’s plans were.
Mr. Morgan squeezed her hand in a supportive gesture. Tori just smiled and nodded her acknowledgement.
  When she sat back down at the table, Kevin gave her leg a squeeze in the same show of support.
  When Tori turned to Drue, he was smiling, but it didn’t reach his eyes. He was looking at Kevin’s hand on Tori’s thigh with what some would say was disdain, but Tori didn’t recognize it.
  Others around the table picked up on it though. Drue’s parents shared a knowing smile with one another.
  “Hey, Tori” Kevin piped in. “You are just in time for the County Fair! It starts tomorrow.”
  “Oh my gosh! I haven’t been to that in years, not since our senior year I don’t think.” Tori bubbled.
  “Oh Yeah. I remember. That was the year you got sick on the buckets and lost it all over Jimmy Martin,” Kevin snickered.
  Tori covered her face and grimaced at the memory.
  “Thanks for reminding me of that, Kev. Appreciate that,” Tori pretended to sulk.
  “Well, we are all going Saturday, so you have to go with us,” Kevin stated unquestionably.
  “Sounds like fun as long as you don’t make me ride the buckets.” Tori teased.
  “We’ll just let Drue ride with you,” Kevin said laughingly.
  Drue had been listening to their playful banter.
  “This is one guy who likes to keep his feet on the ground.” was all Drue said in reply.
  “Fuddy duddy.” Tori threw back.
 “Scaredy cat.” Kevin chimed in.
  Drue contemplated and suddenly shocked the room by saying, “ All right. You’re on.”
  Together both Tori and Kevin gasped, “What?”
  “You heard me, Victoria. Unless you are chicken.” Drue goaded. “Buckets Saturday night, and I wouldn’t recommend eating corndogs before the ride either.”
  “You’re on!”
  Tori could not seem to calm the butterflies in her stomach. She didn’t know if it was nerves or excitement or maybe a little of both.
  She couldn’t deny the effect Drue still had over her. Her body wouldn’t let her, but it was more than that. She was drawn to him like a magnet. There was so much of him that he did not let people see, but she knew it was there lying dormant just under the surface.
  She wondered if she would be playing with fire, as he had said,  by awakening those sleeping emotions within him?
  A shiver ran down her spine at the thought. Now that she’d had first hand knowledge of the passion inside the man, she could only imagine what he would be like completely uninhibited.
  Would she be woman enough to get through to him and could her heart handle the repercussions?
  It was too late to back out now. She was no coward. Tori just prayed that this would be one time where she could hold on to some reserve of her own without making a complete and utter fool of herself a second time around.
  Laughter brought Tori’s attention back to the table. Kevin had said something to amuse everyone apparently. 
  She sighed in contentment. It was so peaceful and relaxing here.
  Drue stood, thanked his mother for dinner and carried his plates into the kitchen.
  Tori came into the kitchen with an armload of dishes.
  She grinned at Drue.
  He narrowed his eyes. “Why are you smiling like that?”
  “Oh, no reason. Since you seem to be in such a rambunctious mood, and Kevin went out to make the nightly rounds, and your mom and dad went for a walk, I volunteered you to help me do the dishes.” Tori finished smugly.
  Drue groaned. “Great. Thanks.”
  “I’ll run the water. You get the rest of the dishes from the table.” Tori directed.
  “Yes, Ma'am.” He continued to grumble and walked off.
  Drue almost dropped the dishes as he came back into the kitchen.
  To his dismay Tori was standing at the kitchen sink already washing dishes, but that wasn’t what stopped Drue in his tracks. It was the sight of Tori humming and swaying her hips to the music in her head. It was almost hypnotic to watch.
  “There you are,” Tori teased. “I thought you had run out and left the dirty work for me.”
  Tori glanced at Drue as he set the rest of the dishes down for her to wash.
  He didn’t look any too pleased to be there. His forehead had the familiar creases Tori had seen a million times when he was dissatisfied or about to lecture her and Kevin.
  She tossed the dishtowel at him playfully.
  “Here you go, mate.”
  Tori continued to hum and sway while she washed.
  Drue continued to look stern while drying.
  They established a good rhythm. They made a good team Tori thought as they worked in silence. If only he weren’t so stubborn and hardheaded!
  “Wonder what’s taking Kevin so long?” Tori asked.
  “Not to worry,” Drue stated flatly. “Your other half hasn’t left you. He never leaves you alone for long.”
  “Other half?” Tori looked at Drue confused.
  “You know there is nothing more than a lifelong genuine friendship between your brother and me.”
  “Uh huh, sure. And the moon is made out of cheese.”  Drue said sarcastically.
  “Ugh!” Tori growled. “Why does everyone always assume just because we are such close friends there should eventually be romantic ties as well?” 
  “Kevin is like a brother to me and vice versa. To think there is anything else is just gross!”
  Tori took all her frustration out on the plate she was scrubbing. If she wasn’t careful the enamel was going to come off.
  “Really?” Drue pushed back. “If that is so, then why isn’t there a Mr. Right involved in your life? Where is he, Victoria?”
  She took a deep breath and considered how to answer that. She couldn’t tell him that being back home had dusted off feelings that had been dormant for the past six years but never gone, as she had convinced herself.
  “He’s out there, Drue. Fate just hasn’t brought us together yet, but it will happen when the time is right.” Tori replied quietly.
  “You and your romantic notions. Always with your head in the clouds,” Drue said disgusted.
  “It might do you some good to stick your head in the clouds once in a while.” she told him.
  “Let go a little. It wouldn’t kill you.”
  “I am just fine with the way I am.”
  She didn’t give up.
  “Well, maybe you are, but I think you would be amazed at how good it feels to let go sometimes. Unwind.”
  “Is that so?” he asked with raised eyebrows.
  “Are you volunteering to show me how to, Victoria?”
  A shiver ran down her spine. Oh boy would she. Then an impish thought crossed her mind. She looked at the water hose on the sink. Should she?
  “I could teach you a few things,” was her suggestive reply.
  “And just what did you have in mind?” Drue returned the challenging question.
  Was he really playing this game with her?
  Before he had any idea of what she was doing, Tori grabbed the hose and sprayed Drue straight in the face, lukewarm water soaking him.
  “You could cool off for starters and not get so irritated about the little things.” She said laughing whole-heartedly watching water drip from his face.
  Drue went very still.
  In a controlled tone he said, “Victoria I am warning you…”
  He didn’t get any further. Tori proceeded to spray the front of his shirt down to the crotch of his jeans laughing all the while.
  Just as she turned to put the hose down Drue grabbed for her and pulled her against him, the hand and the hose pinned between them.
  Her laughter died in her throat when she looked into Drue’s stormy green eyes. Turbulent and intense she knew she was in trouble.
  “You’re playing with fire, Victoria.” he ground out. “I told you this afternoon you should remember what happens when you strike a match.”
  He brought his lips to hers then with a demanding, penetrating kiss. Tori dropped the hose and her arms snaked around his neck and sifted through his hair.
  She felt such a need ignite inside her it couldn’t be ignored. She needed to be closer to him to feel his body against hers.
  Tori returned his kiss with a passion she didn’t even know she possessed. Never had she experienced such exploding desire. She was on fire from the inside out.
  His tongue probed the inside of her mouth touching and tasting in wild abandon. Tori felt the counter behind her as Drue pushed her back against it. She felt too his response to her against her leg through the restraining material of his jeans.
  His hands moved down her sides to cup her bottom in his hands and lift her against him as his quest continued. 
  He lifted her to the countertop where she wrapped her legs around him holding him tighter to her. 
As if of their own accord her hips were grinding into his erection. God but he made her wet. 
  A moan escaped Tori at the sensations spreading through her. Never had any man made her feel the way Drue did. She was sure she was one of the few twenty-four-year-old virgins left in the world and didn’t have much experience to draw from, but his touch was exquisite. She loved the feel of his mouth on her and his hands trailing her body. She returned his passionate kisses with fevered need.
  Just as quickly as he had started, Drue stopped just as suddenly.
  He stared down at Victoria incredulously, his eyes dark with desire.
  Off-balance and wanting his lips back where they had been, she tried to pull him back.
  He pulled away and took a step back.
  “Drue?” she questioned as she gently brushed his cheek.
  He started at her touch as if she had burned him and released her from his hold.
He might as well have slapped her. The pain would not have been nearly as bad as being rejected like this.
  She turned her back to him facing the kitchen sink and stared out the window as tears welled in her eyes.
  I will NOT cry. I won’t, she lectured herself.
  “Victoria, I am so sorry.” Drue started very solemnly.
  She couldn’t take it. Why had he stopped? Why had he even started something?
  She knew he had felt what she was feeling. She had felt his reaction to her. They hadn’t done anything wrong. It had been amazing as far as she was concerned. She couldn’t be reading him wrong, could she?   What was he so afraid of? What was holding him back?
  Anger grew and welled up inside her chest.
  “What are you sorry for, Drue?” she asked quite seriously.
  “That you did kiss me or that you stopped?”
  “That I kissed you of course.” He replied in disgust. 
  Drue scrubbed his face with his hands as if to clear his head. He drew a deep settling breath.
  “We both know I never should have done that.” He stated matter-of-factly, which irritated Tori even further.
  “And it will not happen again,” he said, emphasizing the word not.
  “You have my word on that for whatever it’s worth at this point.”
  “Chalk it up to provocation? Is that it Drue?” she asked.
  “I just pushed one too many buttons, and you just reacted. Does that about cover it in your mind, Drue, or did I leave anything out?” she couldn’t keep the sarcasm nor the hurtful edge from ebbing out.
  She threw the dishtowel on the counter and turned to go. She stopped at the back door. She didn’t want to leave things like this.
  “Look, Drue. I admit I was trying to draw you out and have a little fun.” Tori started.
  “And maybe I went too far, but ask yourself this question.”
  “Why is it that not once but twice today you have reacted in this manner? Just an off day or is it something more?”
  With that Victoria Winslow held her head high and walked out of the Morgan home.
  She didn’t take a breath until she was back on Winslow property. When she finally slowed her step, the chill of the night broke through her endless berating thoughts.
  Jeez, Victoria! When will you ever learn, her conscience scolded her.
  “Not once but twice you give in to Drue Morgan, making a complete and utter fool of yourself. You might as well have asked him to take you to bed!”
  “Oh Em Gee!” she growled.
  She trudged up the front porch steps and made her way upstairs to prepare for bed. 
  Like she was going to be getting any sleep tonight. Even if she could, she didn’t think she wanted to. She had an uneasy feeling that her dreams would haunt her by replaying the scene in the Morgan’s kitchen. 
  One thing she was certain of. Drue was not indifferent to her. Far from it if his reaction to her tonight was any indication. The question is what kept pulling him back?
  Secondly, did she really want to explore if there really could be anything between them?
She had her life in Chicago and the hope that her first book was about to be published. Drue’s life was here on the farm.
  No good would become of pursuing Drue yet again.

 

Chapter Six

   Okay. I know that box has to be up here somewhere.” Tori said to herself. “ Grandma never threw anything away.”
  She circled the house-length attic, looking at stacks of boxes, furniture and even toys she recognized from her childhood.
  Porcelain dolls sat neatly in a row on a shelf. Shelby, Cassie, Polly and Anna smiled down at her in their faded checkered red and blue dresses.
  Below that sat a wooden rocking horse whose faux mane was matted, the seat was worn from the many hours it had been ridden, and his painted black nose was partially missing.
  “This place is like a time capsule.” Tori smiled. Every part of her life up until college was in this house, including the attic. There wasn’t a place she didn’t feel her grandparents presence.
  She went to a corner of boxes that were labeled “School Years”.
  She scooped the top box down to the floor and sat Indian-style. When she opened the box she found every school annual for each year of school she had been in.
  Good Lord! We need to make sure these never leave the attic she thought to herself.
  Dusting her hands off on her jeans, she started flipping through the first book. 
It was her sophomore high school year. There was Kevin with his cheesy smile. There she was with her poofed-out hair, a perm that had gone sadly wrong. Hard to believe we intentionally styled our hair that way. Laughing she turned to the senior portraits.
  Drue was just as serious then as he was now. His clean-cut short brown spikey hair and warm smile seemed to highlight his maturity even then. His quote said it all for him. “Work hard. Play later.”
  Just then she heard the front door open and close.
  Probably Kevin.
  “I’m up here in the attic.” she called.
  She heard heavy boot steps come down the entry hall to the attic steps. One. Two. Three steps. Then a familiar brown-haired hot as hell boy- no man- popped into the attic.
  Drue’s eyes searched the attic and stopped when they landed on Tori.
  He stopped his ascent and stared at her as if he was unsure of his next move.
  “Uh, Hi.”
  “Uh, Hi, yourself.” “What brings you my way this morning?”
  “Mom wanted me to come by and help you get the extra lights out for the festival dance.” “Looks like you beat me to it.”
  “I haven’t found that box yet.” Tori replied. “I did find all of my old school annuals.” “Pretty good morning’s entertainment. I can’t believe my hair actually looked like that!” she finished with mock disgust.
  Drue chuckled. “I don’t remember your hair being that bad.”
  “That bad?” Tori asked. “Gee thanks. That’s in the park with ‘No that dress doesn’t really make you look fat.’. Guys always look better in these things than we do anyway.”  She closed the book and placed it back inside the box.
  “I’m going to take this downstairs and drive down memory lane later.” 
  She closed the box up and placed it next to the attic opening.
  “Okay. Let’s find those lights.”
  She was so surprised that seeing Drue this morning hadn’t been awkward. After the scene in his kitchen and her parting words, she had not been looking forward to coming face to face with him again.
  It was probably due to the fact that both of them seemed to be pretending that it had never happened.
  “Grandma had every box labeled. It shouldn’t be too difficult to find.” “You start at that end and I’ll look here.” She directed. “We’ll meet in the middle.”
  She chuckled. “Hey isn’t that a Diamond Rio song?” “I love them!” 
  Drue had his back turned to her reading labels on boxes. He smiled to himself. Victoria’s mind always ran full tilt. She was a fireball of energy. Who needed light bulbs with her around? She lit up any room she came into.
  They worked in silence for a while, searching for a box that would indicate containing lights.
  “I haven’t found anything remotely close to lighting. You?” Tori asked Drue.
  “Not yet, but there seems to be just a little bit of everything under the sun.”
  “I know. That’s what I was thinking when I first came up here this morning.” Tori said thoughtfully.
  “Oh! Wait. Maybe I’ve found something.” Tori reached up on tip toe to slide a box off a stack.
  Drue turned around just as Tori was twisting around to bring the box down.
  “Victoria, be caref-“
  As she turned to set the box on the floor, her feet tangled with one another and she started to lose her balance. Drue tried to get to her in time, but just as he grabbed the box Tori reached out and caught her hand on a nail.
  “Owww!”
  She felt pain stab the palm of her left hand. Drue quickly set the box down and turned back to Tori. She had sat back down on the floor holding her hand to her chest.
  “Victoria, let me see your hand.”
  She looked at her hand and saw blood streaming from a small puncture wound in her left palm below her thumb.
  Strong and able to handle most situations but the sight of blood, seeing blood escaping her own body even at a small rate made Tori feel faint.
  “Ugh! I don’t feel so good.” Tori grumbled. “Stupid nail.”
  Drue took her hand in his to examine the damage. It wasn’t too deep a cut, but it did need to be cleaned.   He looked at the nail that was the culprit. Just as he suspected. Rusty.
  He didn’t know when was the last time she had a tetanus shot, but he bet she was due.
  “Okay. Let’s get you downstairs so I can clean this up.”
  Drue took charge then. He helped Tori to her feet, gently pulling her up.
  She looked a little pale even though her cheeks were flushed.
  “You okay?” Drue asked.
  “Yes. I just don’t have a strong stomach for the sight of blood, especially my own.” She took a deep breath to suck in some oxygen.
  Drue headed down the steps first. He wasn’t entirely sure she was going to be steady on her feet. It wasn’t the injury that was an issue. It appeared to be her squeamish stomach. He didn’t want her to pass out coming down the attic stairs and end up with bigger problems.
  The thought of Tori being seriously injured created a strange feeling in his chest. It tightened. It was uncomfortable. He didn’t like it. He pushed those thoughts away and led her to the kitchen after she safely descended the steps.
  “Here. Sit down while I find something to clean that wound.” He sat her in a kitchen chair.
  “Where did Millie keep first aid supplies? Upstairs or downstairs bathroom?”
  “Both.” Tori mumbled. Drue figured he’d start with the downstairs first. 
  Her hand was throbbing . Why was it that the smallest injuries could hurt the worst?
Just like a paper cut. They were the worst.
  Drue came back in a few minutes later with peroxide, a gauze bandage and first aid tape.
  “Alright now. I need to clean this. It might hurt a little.” He said a little uncertainly.
  Tori frowned. She wasn’t a fan of pain either.
  “Come on. Be a big girl.” Drue teased trying to lighten her mood.
  He directed her over to the kitchen sink. He stood behind her.
  “Hold your hand over the sink while I pour this on.” He opened the bottle of peroxide and held her wrist with one hand and poured the peroxide over the wound with the other.
  “Eww. It’s cold, but at least it doesn’t burn.” Tori let out the breath she had been holding.
  The peroxide fizzed and bubbled over her hand as it penetrated the puncture and cleaned it.
  Drue gently dried around her hand with a paper towel and sat her back down at the kitchen table. 
  He moved a chair next to hers and picked up her hand to examine it. 
  Heat shot up Tori’s arm that had nothing to do with her injury. Her gaze went directly to Drue’s. His eyes were already on her. He had apparently felt it to. 
  “I’m going to put some antibacterial cream on this and a bandage.”Drue stated. His eyes never left hers.
  God he was so intense. If he didn’t stop looking at her like that –
  “Then we have to go in to town and have a doctor give you a tetanus shot.” Drue interrupted her thoughts.
  Shot?  “What are you talking about?” Tori sputtered?
  “I don’t need a shot!”
  “Now, Victoria.” Drue continued as he bandaged her hand.
  “You don’t want to take a chance of getting an infection, do you? Although doesn’t that lead to lockjaw? That could be a plus for you in many ways.” Drue’s lips smirked. He figured that would get a rise out of her.
  She straightened in her chair her chin coming up.
  “Hey! That wasn’t very nice, and I’m not twelve anymore.” she scolded. “You don’t need to treat me as if I am.”
  His hands stilled on her arms as he finished taping the bandage. She looked up at him feeling the tension shift in the air.
  His hand caressed her cheek and placed a wisp of hair that had escaped her ponytail behind her ear.
Holding her chin he looked straight into her shining brown eyes.
   “I’m more than well aware of the fact you are no longer a kid.”
  The green of his eyes has turned a deep emerald. Her breath caught in her chest as if in slow motion Drue leaned into her and gently brushed her lips with his. It was a tender sweet kiss that knocked her socks off.    Not like last night with enough passion to ignite the house, but a soul-sweeping whisper of a touch that sent her reeling and wanting more.
  Her eyes had closed of their own accord. As Drue pulled away they fluttered open. She stared back at him unsure of what to say.
  “We need to talk, but first I need to get you to the doctor.” he stated matter-of-factly.
  “Get your coat and your purse while I call Mom and let her know what’s happened.”
  Grumpy and her hand aching, she didn’t like how he was ordering her around.  She was so used to bantering back and forth with Drue. Spending more time with the adult Drue was proving very challenging. He was still the same ole Drue. The man with a plan. Organized, responsible, hard-working, but underneath that was a gentle, loving and certainly a passionate man. She had experienced that first hand. 
  Yes, she knew they needed to talk. She just wasn’t certain she was prepared to hear what he had to say. 
  Well she guessed she needed to put her big girl panties on and suck it up for this shot and their talk.
  She grabbed her purse from the hall table and her coat from the hall closet. As she walked back into the kitchen where Drue was on the phone, she heard him say “Yes, Mom. I promise she’s okay. It’s just a precautionary measure to insure she doesn’t get tetanus from the nail.” He looked up and shook his head.     “Tell Kevin she is fine. He can look her over when we get back. We’ll see you for dinner.”
  He hung up the phone and turned back to her.
  “Come on let’s get this over with before they send out the Calvary.”
  She wasn’t certain if he meant the shot or their talk. She guessed she would find out soon enough.

  It was just a short fifteen minute ride into Mumford where the doctor’s office was located. They made the ride in relative silence. It wasn’t awkward really. Just quiet. The radio was playing George Strait.   Who needed to talk when the King of Country was singing anyway, right?
  Her hand still ached a little, but it certainly wasn’t anything a few ibuprofen couldn’t handle.
  “Dr. Ross’s office is just up the road.” informed Drue. “He’s been here for about five years now ever since Dr. Hobbs retired.”
  Victoria smiled. Dr. Hobbs had treated many a cold, flu, even her broken arm when she fell out of the oak tree on the farm. He had been a kind and caring doctor.
  “What did he and Mrs. Hobbs do? Did they get the RV and travel like they always talked about?” Tori questioned.
  “They sure did. Mom got a postcard from Mrs. Hobbs a few weeks ago from somewhere in Arizona.”
  “Well good for them,” Tori said and she meant it. “They deserve it. He worked hard taking care of this community ever since I was a little girl.”
  He parked in front of a small brick building with a large glass window with a sign stating Mumford Medical.
  “This is it.” Drue hopped out of the truck and just as Tori was about to open her door, Drue beat her to it.
  She looked up at him and smiled. “Thanks.”
  She couldn’t remember the last time anyone had opened a car door or any door for that matter for her. It was a lot chivalrous act these days. Mr. and Mrs. Morgan had raised their boys right. No doubt about that. 
  They walked into the clinic. It was a warm welcoming waiting room with large brown chairs and pretty pictures of families and places in the community adorning the walls.
  “Hi, Gail. Is the Doc available for a walk in?” Drue asked the cute blonde behind the front desk.
  “You know for you Drue he is always available. I’d make sure of that.” The blonde smiled brightly at Drue.
  Well then, thought Tori as she frowned. I’ll just bet she would.
  “It’s not for me. It’s for my…my friend Victoria here.” He hesitated and stuttered slightly.
  “Oh, well then I just need her to fill this out, and we’ll be good to go.” The blonde looked Tori up and down as if she were trying to decide whether to let her in or not. Tori smiled sweetly at the girl and took the clipboard.
  “Hussy.” Tori mumbled under her breath.
  “What was that, Victoria?” Drue asked.
  “Fussy.” she replied. “You don’t need to make such a fuss.”
  She quickly sat down to fill out the paperwork and realized she had a problem. The hand she wrote with and the hand that was injured were one in the same. 
  She looked up at Drue as he continued to chat with Gail. 
  “Ah, Drue…” she grabbed his attention.
  He glanced over at Tori and saw the frustrated look on her face. “What is it?” he asked. “What’s wrong?”
  “You mean besides not wanting to get a shot?” she replied sarcastically. “I can’t fill this out.”
  “Why not?” Drue asked.
  Then he saw the problem. He knew Tori was left-handed. He saw the pen in her injured hand.
  “Ah. I see. Here, let me.” Drue took the clipboard and pen from her. “I’ll fill it out. You just supply the necessary information.”
  “Okay. You haven’t had any other surgeries besides the appendix removal, have you?” Drue asked.
  “You remember that?” Tori asked surprised.
  She had been 10 when that had happened. She thought she was dying. She and Kevin had been playing pirate and damsel in distress under the oak tree that summer when she had doubled over in pain. 
  “Of course I do. Kevin thought you were going to die.” Drue told her. “I wasn’t so sure either, basing it on how you looked and the pain you were in. I thought we were going to have to sedate Kevin he was so upset.”
  “Yes, even that had a positive outcome.” Tori remembered and smiled. “We ate all the ice cream we wanted for weeks.
  Drue laughed. “I remember that too. You guys were spoiled rotten.”
  “We were not.” Tori started.
  Just then a nurse with a friendly smile called Tori back.
  “Be a big girl and you might get a sucker when you are finished.” Drue teased her.
  “Funny. Very funny.” Tori stuck her tongue out at Drue playfully and went through the door to receive her torture.
  Drue waited. It had been 30 minutes already. There had only been one other patient come in since they had. He didn’t think it would take too long. He hoped everything was okay. It was just a little puncture wound.
  Just then the door opened and Tori came out. She had a new bandage on her hand and a band aid now on her arm where he assumed she had received her shot. She looked paler now than when she had gone in.
  He stood and met her at the reception window.
  “Everything go okay?”Drue asked.
  She frowned back at him and turned back to Gail to receive her receipt.
  “Come on. Let’s go.” Tori mumbled.
  Drue was confused. Was she upset about the shot? Surely it wasn’t that big of a deal. Sure. Nobody likes to get them, but they were necessary when needed.
  Tori didn’t say anything as Drue opened the truck door for her to get in.
  As he slid in beside her, he started the truck and studied her. “Something wrong?”
  Tori shifted in her seat and turned to face him with a look of embarrassment on her face.
  “Nothing, unless you consider that fact that I passed out at the sight of a needle and embarrassed myself to death, anything wrong.” She muttered and looked down at her hands in her lap.
  Drue couldn’t help it. He smiled. Right there that instant she reminded him of the twelve-year-old Victoria that always pulled at your heartstrings when something hadn’t gone her way.
  “Is that all?” Drue asked. “Well, would a lollipop make you feel better?”
  When Tori turned to Drue he was holding up a blueberry sucker from the doctor’s office.
  He smiled and shook the sucker back and forth and arched his eyebrows, his eyes twinkling.
  She couldn’t help herself. She started laughing. She laughed at her childish pouty behavior, at the absurdity of her fear of needles and the fact that she had been so embarrassed in the doctor’s office just a few moments ago.
  All the pent up tension of the morning evaporated. Just like that. She smiled and swiped the sucker from Drue.
  “Let’s go home and forget all about this morning.” Tori stated cheerfully. She unwrapped her sucker and enjoyed the sweet sugary taste.
  Drue had been wonderful all morning. From cleaning her up, to bringing her to the doctor to cheering her up, his caring, gentle, and yes, playful persona had been what she’d needed. She owed him.
  “Drue.” she started. He looked over at her questioning.
  “Thank you. For everything.”
  Their eyes met and he smiled back. He placed his hand on her knee and said. “It was nothing Sprite, and you’re welcome.”
  “You want a lick?” Tori asked Drue teasingly. Then she realized what she had said. Oh God.
She looked at Drue eyes wide in shock.
  He looked right back.
  “More than you know.” was all that he said.
  It was enough. Tingles ran through her making her shiver as Drue leaned over and licked the candy, never taking his eyes from her.  She didn’t know where their conversation would take them later, but part of her was very much looking forward to it if his responses and gentle touches today were any indication of his feelings. She never was one to back down from a challenge. She wasn’t about to start now. Her future and her happiness just may depend on it.
  Drue sat back - a serious look on his face-  shifted into gear and headed home.



Chapter Seven

  Drue came to a stop in front of Tori’s house and right away noticed Kevin sitting on the front porch waiting for her.
  “I’m surprised he didn’t meet us at the doctor’s office.” Drue said sarcastically.
  Tori smiled at Kevin through the window and waved.
  “He is probably here for all the gory details.” laughed Tori.
  Before she could open the door, Drue reached over and grabbed her hand.
She stopped and looked over at him questioningly.
  “We still need to talk.” Drue stated very seriously.
  “Okay, Drue.” Tori started. “I’m pretty sure I know what the topic is, but just so we are clear, is this about last night?”
  “Yes, it is. I believe you asked me a question that I intend to answer.” Drue continued.
  “Let’s talk after dinner tonight. Mom said to tell you she and Dad expect to see you there.” Drue smiled.
  “I think they just want to make sure you are alright too.”
  “Always nice to know people care about you.”
  Just then Kevin swung the door open and pulled Tori out of the truck. He bombarded her with questions.
  “Are you okay? Do you feel very much pain? Is there anything I can do? Did big brother take care of you?”
  “Kevin, take a breath!” Tori teased. “I’m fine. See? Just a little more than a scratch now.”
  Kevin looked at his brother through the open door of the truck.
  “Hey, man. Thanks for taking care of her.”
  He turned to Tori and ushered her up the steps. “Come on.” 
Halfway up the steps he said “You can make us some coffee and tell me all about it.” 
She elbowed him in the side and laughed as he picked her up and carried her the rest of the way up the porch.
  “Put me down, you fool.” she smacked at his back playfully.
  “I’ve already made one trip to the doctor’s office today. I don’t need to make another one when you drop me.”
  Drue watched Kevin and Tori as his hands fisted. It was his hands that belonged wrapped around her not Kevin’s. Or was it? He had thought all along that the two of them would end up together, but last night he had replayed the last nineteen years in his head. Never once had there been any sign of a romance between the two. It had just been expected. So if his brother had those type of feelings for Tori, he had never shown them or expressed them. Drue didn’t know what all of these feelings were or what exactly to do about them, but he knew with Victoria here he couldn’t ignore them any longer. He had ignored them long enough. It was time to find out where this might lead, but first he had to talk with his brother. He drove the half mile from Victoria’s house to his, and as he parked in the driveway he vowed to have the first discussion with his brother before talking with Victoria tonight.

  Tori handed Kevin a steaming cup of black coffee and doctored hers up with French Vanilla creamer and two spoons of sugar. Mmmm…she loved that smell. No better medicine than a good cup of coffee.
  “Let’s go sit on the front porch.” Tori led the way and took a seat in one of the cushioned wicker chairs.
Kevin sat next to her.
  “I’m sorry you had to put up with Drue at the doctor’s office.” Kevin said. “I’m sure he was a real peach to deal with.”
  “Actually he was great through the entire thing.” Tori smiled, reflecting on the morning.
  “Seriously?” Kevin joked. “We are talking about my stoic no-nonsense brother, right?”
  “Yes, we are. He was very compassionate and kind.” Tori shared. “He cleaned me up, got me to the doctor and even rewarded me with a sucker for being a big girl.” Tori laughed.
  Kevin stared at Tori as she told him some of the details of the morning. He watched her animated face and saw something hidden behind what she wasn’t saying.
  Hmmm…thought Kevin. Interesting. Very interesting.
  It would seem that maybe fate was finally stepping in to help this situation along between his best friend and his brother that had been there for years. Maybe, just maybe he could play a hand in it as well.
  “I know you only just arrived yesterday, Tori, but what’s the plan?” Kevin asked. “It’s mid-October. You said you are here for four weeks. Does that mean you are going to be here for Thanksgiving?”
  “Yes. I am scheduled to go back to work the Monday after Thanksgiving. Sooner if I get everything worked out.” Tori answered.
  “What does ‘everything’ consist of?” 
  “Well, the biggest decision I have to make is what to do with the house, Kev.” Tori sighed.
  “I live in Chicago. Even though it’s only two hours away, this place is a lot to take care of. I can’t imagine not having it to come home to, but at the same time, I’m not sure I am prepared to take care of it right now either.”
  Kevin took her hands into his and squeezed as a show of support. 
  “Listen, Sprite. You know my family and I are here for you. If there is any way we can help you, you know we will.”
  “I know that. I just have to figure this out. I’ve got some thinking to do. It’s a little complicated, but life is, isn’t it?” 
  “I miss them both so much that sometimes I feel like it will consume me.” Tori said sadly. “Then I hear grandma tell me that having a pity party never helped solve anything.” Tori smiled again. “Something to be said for all the wisdom she shared. She was usually right.”
  “You will figure it out, Tori. Sometimes you just have to listen to your heart.”
  “What? Is this my let whatever happens, happen best friend going soft on me?” Tori teased.
  “Just don’t be in a rush to make a decision. Take the month and enjoy your time back home.” Kevin said. “I, for one, am glad to have you here, and I know I’m not the only one.”
  Tori wasn’t about to ask who else he was referring to. Kevin knew her inside out, and she was pretty sure he knew she felt “something” for Drue. He knew her too well not to know, but they had never once broached that subject. She wasn’t quite ready to now. Maybe soon. Once she understood herself what those feelings were and what she was going to do about them.
  Kevin jumped up from the chair.
  “Enough of this serious talk. It will ruin my carefree reputation!” he mocked.
  “Need to finish up a few things.” Kevin stood and hugged her. “Call me if you need anything, otherwise,   I’ll see you at dinner.”
  “Thanks, Kev.” Tori hugged him good-bye and took their coffee mugs into the kitchen and washed them up.
  It was four o’clock. She had two hours until dinner. She had enough time for a quick nap to refresh herself until then.
  She went upstairs to her bedroom and set her phone alarm for five just in case. She didn’t want to be late. Mrs. Morgan would tan her hide. She drifted off smiling as she remembered how many times Mrs. Morgan had threatened to do just that.

  Drue saw Kevin coming across the yard from Victoria’s as he tinkered in the garage needlessly reorganizing tools and parts that were already organized. One thing that Dad had instilled in his boys at an early age was to respect your belongings and take care of them. He didn’t tolerate using something and not putting it back where you found it.
  Well he guessed now was as good a time as any to have that talk with Kevin. He really wasn’t looking forward to it.
  He’d rather sign up for a root canal than discuss his feelings with his little brother.
  “Hey, man, what are you up to?” Kevin asked as he came into the garage. 
  The smell of gasoline, oil and dirt penetrated the air where tractors, lawnmowers, gas cans, tools and parts were housed.
  “Just straightening up.” Drue wiped his hands on a shop rag and cleared his throat. “I was wondering if you have a few minutes?” Drue asked his brother. “There’s something I need to talk to you about.”
  Kevin studied his brother. Whoa. He could count the times on one hand that his brother had wanted to talk about anything other than farming. He didn’t think this had anything to do with the farm by the looks of how uncomfortable his brother was. Drue’s forehead was creased and his eyebrows drawn together as he shifted his weight from one foot to the other.
  “Sure. What’s on your mind?”
  “Are there any romantic intentions on your part regarding Victoria?” Drue pushed out. He wasn’t one for beating around the bush.
  Kevin almost choked on his own saliva. He hadn’t expected his brother to start the conversation there.
  “What?” he almost hollered. “Tori is like a sister to me.” Kevin said. “That would be like incest or something. Gross!”
  “So, I take that to mean you do not.” Drue stared at his feet as he talked.
  “No, big brother. I have feelings for Tori. I love her, but just like I love you, Mom and Dad. She’s part of the family.”
  Kevin had a feeling he knew where this was headed, but he had no intention of making it easy for Drue. He knew Tori had been drawn to Drue since they were little kids. He also knew Drue had been drawn to Tori, but he always refused to give in. He didn’t understand why. Tori was an amazing woman. He always wondered why something hadn’t developed between them, but it never had. They had always been two peas in a pod or more like two partners in crime but nothing more than best friends.
  “Kind of a strange line of questioning coming from you, big brother. What gives?”
  Drue cleared his throat yet again and looked up at Kevin.
  “What would you say if I told you that I do have feelings for Victoria, and they aren’t exactly brotherly.”
  Drue waited for his brother’s response, holding his breath.
  “Hot Damn!” Kevin erupted. He jumped off the green and yellow riding lawnmower seat he’d been sitting on. He smacked Drue on the back and said “It’s about time you admitted that.”
  Drue was stunned. What did Kevin mean it was about time? Had he known all along the struggle Drue had fought to keep Tori at bay?
  “You’re not angry?” Drue questioned. “It doesn’t bother you that I have feelings for her?”
  “Of course I’m not angry.” Kevin told Drue. “I’ve wondered what’s been holding you back all these years. It was obvious the two of you were drawn to each other, but you never pursued her.” Kevin stared at his brother.
  “Why is that exactly, Drue? And why now? What’s changed?” Kevin waited for Drue’s answer.
  “You were the reason I never pursued Victoria. I always thought the two of you belonged together and would eventually end up together.” Drue took in a deep breath.
  “It didn’t matter how I felt if you had feelings for Victoria. I just kept brushing them off and telling myself it was nothing, just an annoyance that would eventually go away.”
  “And…” Kevin prompted for Drue to continue.
  “The feelings haven’t gone away, Kev.” Drue said and chuckled. “She drives me crazy. Having her home for just two days and it’s cracked that wall wide open and…” Drue shook his head. “and I can’t believe I am telling you all this.”
  Kevin smiled at his brother. It was rare to see Drue so flabbergasted and not in control. He liked it- a lot.
  “Drue, sparks fly off you and Tori when you’re together. Most people think its tension because you are at odds, but it’s really because you guys gravitate to one another.” Kevin continued.
  “I think it’s great. Tori’s an amazing person, and you’re not such a bad guy either.” Kevin joked to lighten the situation.
  “So if you’re asking if I am okay with you pursuing whatever it is between you and Tori, then yes, I am okay with it on one condition.” Kevin said with all seriousness.
  Drue raised his eyes again at Kevin’s serious tone.
  “Condition?” Drue asked.
  “Don’t hurt her.” Kevin finished.
  “I don’t know what this is or where it will lead between Victoria and me, but I will not intentionally hurt her.” Drue told Kevin. “It’s the last thing I’d want to do. It’s the other reason I never entertained the idea of a relationship with Victoria. I don’t want to create any friction within our family.” Drue continued.
  “I don’t know how Victoria feels, but I know she isn’t immune to me.” Drue stated with a smile.
  “How do you – ’’ Drue stopped him.
  “I’m not telling you how I know. I just do, and we will leave it at that.” Drue smirked at his brother. He wasn’t going to kiss and tell.
  “Well, I’m in both your corners, so I hope things work out. Then maybe she’ll really be my sister.” Kevin said to Drue.
  “Whoa! Let’s not rush into anything.” Drue said with all seriousness. “We’ll have to see where this leads one day at a time. I don’t even know if it will lead anywhere at all.”
  Kevin hoped his brother was wrong. He hoped it led right to the church. He loved them both and knew in his heart that their destinies lay entwined. God. He sounded like a romance novel.
  “You know anything I can do to help I will, big brother.” Kevin said.
  “For starters you could keep your hands off her a little more.” Drue grudgingly admitted.
  Kevin laughed heartily. “Oh, Dude. You got it bad.”
  “Yeah. That’s what I’m afraid of.” Drue admitted. “Not a word to Mom and Dad, big mouth.”
  “Hey, they won’t hear it from me, but you know mom’s radar.” Kevin reminded Drue. “It won’t take her long to figure it out, so you better figure it out before she does.”
  Kevin headed toward the house on that last comment. Drue shook his head. He couldn’t believe he had just had this conversation with his brother about Victoria, but he felt like a huge weight had been lifted off his shoulders. Now the only thing holding him back from Victoria was himself.


Chapter Eight

  She was having the most delicious dream.
  Drue was holding her, stroking her hair and pressing feather-light kisses to her forehead, her cheek, her lips. Mmmm. So good. She turned into him and felt a solid wall against her hand.
  Wait. What? That felt too real. Slowly Tori’s sleep-softened blue eyes drifted open and looked straight into Drue’s vibrant green ones.
  A slow smile spread across his face. “Time to wake up, sleepy-head.” Drue said softly as he tucked a strand of unruly hair out of her face and behind her ear. 
  She smiled automatically back at him, stretching languorously.
  “Drue?” she questioned. “What are you doing here?”
  She sat halfway up in bed awaiting his reply.
  “Firstly, I came to check on you and to make sure you aren’t going to be late for dinner.” he stated as he continued to gently caress her face.
  “Secondly, I came to tell you that I can’t stop thinking about you, Victoria.”
  With that statement Tori looked deeply into Drue’s eyes. She saw the longing and heard the rawness in his voice as he waited for her response.
  “You can’t?” she whispered breathlessly as her throat constricted with emotion.
  “You asked me last night what I was sorry for after I pulled back in the kitchen.” Drue continued. “You were right. I am not sorry that I kissed you. I’m sorry that I stopped, because I didn’t want to, and I don’t want to stop now.”
  He pressed another gentle kiss to her lips.
  “There’s nothing I want more at this moment.” Drue studied Victoria’s face. He could see her surprise, but he also thought he saw hope.
  “The question is do you feel the same way?” Drue couldn’t stop his hands from caressing up and down her side as he talked.
  “Do you …” Tori interrupted Drue.
  “Shut up and kiss me.”
  Drue needed no further encouragement.  Their mouths met halfway as they leaned into one another.  Instant fire shot through Tori as Drue’s lips lit a flame that blazed inside her. What started as gentle probing quickly changed to an all out assault to her mouth and her senses.
  Their tongues tangled as he sucked hers into his mouth. Tori gave as good as she got and she nipped his lower lip and soothed it with her tongue.
  Panting they broke apart to gather some much needed air into their lungs. Drue pulled away only inches from her face. He rested his forehead on hers as they caught their breath.
  Tori’s legs were now entwined with Drue’s and his chest pinned her beneath him on the bed. 
  All that could be heard in the bedroom was their panting.
  She couldn’t help but chuckle.
  Drue raised his head and looked at her questioningly.
  “Pinch me, because I must be dreaming.”
  Drue hand slipped to her behind and gave her a sharp pinch.
  “Ouch!” she shrieked. “I was speaking metaphorically.”
  His hand began to massage the spot where he had just pinched.
  Oh, did that create a delicious sensation. Tori’s leg rubbed up and down Drue’s as he massaged her.
  “Does that feel better?” Drue asked teasingly.
  Tori stared at Drue not sure she could believe nor understand this change in his behavior. She’d seen glimpses but never been front and center as a recipient to this charming, playful individual lying in her bed.
  “Who are you, and what have you done with Drue Morgan?” Tori asked somewhat seriously.
  She loved the feel of him against her. It was doing crazy things to her libido. If she were to lay here much longer with Drue she wasn’t sure what she might do.
  “This is me, Victoria, wanting you.” He stroked her hair as he talked. “I’ve wanted you for a very, very long time, but I was never able to admit it.”
  Her world turned upside down. He’d wanted her for a long time? Seriously?
  “And now you can?” Tori managed to whisper. “What’s changed in two days?”
  He was continuing to rain tender kisses on her cheeks, her neck and her lips, causing her to lose focus on what they were even talking about.
  She untangled her legs from his and pushed herself up to a complete sitting position beside him.
  She shook her head to clear it from the passion-filled cloud she was in.”I can’t concentrate when you are kissing me.”
  Drue’s smile spread across his face like a cat that had stolen the cream. He liked the idea that he had the same effect on her that she had on him. 
  “What’s changed, Drue?” Tori asked again more seriously this time.
  She didn’t want this to be some hormone rush he was experiencing, and in the end he would back away again when he changed his mind or decided this wasn’t a good idea, leaving her heart tattered and possibly broken this time.
  He couldn’t stop touching her. He knew they needed to finish this conversation before they could move forward, but being this close to her, having held her and tasted her he wanted more.
  He continued to stroke her hair as he spoke.
  “I have, Victoria.” Drue simply said. “I’m tired of fighting what I feel for you. I can’t and don’t want to any longer.” Drue sighed. “For years I fought the feelings I had for you because I thought you and Kevin were meant to be together.”
  “Ugh! That’s like being with my brother. I-’’Tori was interrupted by Drue laughing.
  “That’s exactly what Kevin said…well…sister anyway.”
  “Wait. You talked to Kevin about us or whatever this is?” Tori asked surprised.
  “Yes, I did. I didn’t want there to be any misunderstanding between Kevin and I if I were to have this discussion with you.” Drue explained to Tori. “I hope you understand why I had to do that.”
  And that was part of what attracted her to Drue in the first place, his loyalty to his family. 
  “Of course I understand, but I don’t understand why you let that be an obstacle when there has never been anything between Kevin and I but true friendship, Drue.”
  “I believe that now, Victoria. I thought that maybe it was just an adolescent crush and once you were gone away to college the feelings would diminish and it would be as if they never existed.” Drue chuckled and shook his head.
  “God was I wrong.” He lifted and held her chin so he could look directly and pointedly into her eyes as he said, “Victoria, I’ve never wanted anyone more than I do you. You got under my skin in 30 seconds flat two days ago when you came home, and I can’t get you out.” Drue explained. “I don’t want to. I want to find out what this is between us and get to know the adult you, because there is nothing childish about what I feel for you right now.” He watched her expression change as she listened to him explain his feelings.
  Her eyes darkened and huge smile spread across her beautiful face.
  “The question is do you feel the same way, and if you do, are you willing to explore whatever this is together?”
  She didn’t hesitate. Her exuberant “Yes” as she lunged at him in her excitement and knocked him back down on the bed from their sitting positions had him laughing whole-heartedly.
  She was showering kisses everywhere her mouth could find skin. His ear, his cheek, his forehead and then his mouth.
  One touch and the fire was reignited. His arms surrounded her as he flipped her onto her back giving him the advantage. He drank in her flavor and tasted her sweetness. He couldn’t get enough of this woman. He didn’t think he ever would. He didn’t know how in two days he felt that he would thirst to death if he didn’t taste her. He didn’t want to analyze that now. He just wanted her.
  The kisses turned to touching as his hand slid and cupped her breast. The tight bud strained for his touch. Her moan as he rubbed her made him painfully harden in his jeans. She was rubbing against him, the friction a painful pleasure for them both.
  Just then a loud obnoxious beeping sounded on the nightstand breaking them apart.
  Drue was trying to get himself under control and figure out what the hell that noise was and make it stop as Tori leaned over and grabbed her phone off of the nightstand.
  He watched her swipe a button on the phone and the incessant noise stopped.
She held up the phone to him and laughed.
  “Saved by the alarm clock?” she teased.
  She set the phone down and lay back on the pillow exhaling loudly.
  If the alarm hadn’t gone off, she wasn’t sure she would have been able to have stopped where this seemed to have been heading. Even though she loved him- no- loved the feel of Drue with her, she knew it was too soon for them to take it to that level. They didn’t need to jump off a bridge right out of the gate.   She hoped he understood and agreed with that. Drue swiped his hand through his hair, a tell-tale sign that he was just as unsettled as she was.
  “Yeah. I guess so. Probably a good thing given that things were heating up in here.” He leaned over and gave her one last chaste kiss and sat up.
  “The funny thing is I really did come over here to just talk.” Drue smiled ironically. “You see the effect you have on me already, Victoria?” He stood and straightened his clothing and tucked his shirt back into his jeans.
  She laughed and stood with him. She ran her hand down the front of her length and back up smoothing out her semi-wrinkled clothing.
  “Think it’s obvious you aren’t alone in that.” Then she frowned.
  Drue became concerned. He came around to her side of the bed where she stood.
  “What is it” he asked. “What’s that look for?”
  “How is this supposed to work exactly, Drue?” she asked confused. “We’ve never been anything but at odds with one another. How is it going to be actually spending time together?” she asked. “What if it’s not what we thought it would be?” She looked like she was about to break down in tears.
  “Victoria, let’s take this a day at a time, okay?” He lifted her chin yet again. “Hey, the hard parts over. We don’t have to break the ice. We know each other figuratively speaking, right?” That received a slight smile in response.
  “Now let’s just spend time finding out if this is more than getting under each other’s skin. If it’s not then we agree to at least go back to the normal behavior of you and Kevin antagonizing me when we are together. Agreed?” he waited for her response hoping he hadn’t read this situation incorrectly.
  “Agreed.” Tori stated firmly. Drue pulled her in for a warm embrace and squeezed her tightly.
  “Okay. Deep breath. Get ready, and we’ll head on over for dinner with the family.” He knew this should be an interesting evening, especially if he couldn’t keep his hands off her during dinner.
  She didn’t know if she could ever go back once they took this step forward, but she would never do anything to hurt the Morgans. She also knew she didn’t want to lose this chance to get close to Drue.   She’d waited what felt like her entire life for this opportunity. No pain. No gain, right? Wait. She needed a different phrase. No need to start out with that negative symbolism, was there? How about all or nothing? That was it.

  She was in this to win it…more importantly to win his heart. She just wondered if he was ready to give his heart away?



Chapter Nine

  “Something smells good. I hope this means dinner is ready because my stomach is gnawing on my backbone.” Drue joked as he and Tori entered the Morgan’s kitchen through the back porch door.
  Drue walked over to the stove and lifted the pot lid and inhaled deeply. He smiled. “Beef Stew - it’s what’s for dinner.” He continued jokingly.
  Kevin watched his brother acting so animated. He raised his eyebrows to Tori questioningly, causing her to blush. Something had definitely put a smile on his brother’s face, and he was fairly certain it was the girl he was staring at.
  Mrs. Morgan called from the dining room to wash up because dinner was ready. 
  “I'll go use the hall bathroom. You can wash up at the kitchen sink.” Drue said to Tori as he exited down the hall.
  Kevin came up beside her at the kitchen sink, both sharing the space to wash their hands for dinner.
  “So, Sprite, what have you been up to this afternoon, and does it have anything to do with the goofy-assed smile on my brother’s face?”
  Tori and Kevin had always been honest with each other even when it hurt. Now she was drifting in unchartered waters where discussing Drue with Kevin was concerned.
  She flicked drops of water at Kevin’s face as she finished washing her hands. “Don’t be such a ninny and give me the hand towel, otherwise I’ll be forced to use your shirt to dry my hands.” She teased hoping to divert his attention away from what may have put Drue into a good mood.
  “Oh no. I don’t think so.” Kevin said as he grabbed her wrists and held them in front of her. “You’re not evading my questions that easily.”
  He suddenly got that look on his face he always gets when he is up to no good, just down right mischievous. 
  “Kevin, what are you up-“ Tori started but was interrupted.
  He wagged his eyebrows up and down sinisterly and said, “I have ways of getting the information out of you.”
  “Kevin, don’t you dare. I swear- “ she didn’t get any further before he started tickling her without mercy.
  Between giggling and trying to wiggle out of his grasp she tried to get him to stop.
  “Kevin Michael Morgan stop this instant!” she shrieked.
  From the doorway they heard “I thought we talked about less hands on.” Drue stood leaning against the doorway a frown burrowing his handsome features. He hadn’t asked a question. He was making a statement, and from the look on his face he was no longer kidding around.
  Kevin stood the bent Tori upright and took a step back. He grinned at his brother.
  “No harm no foul, Bro. Just messing around with my best friend.” Kevin said ribbing his brother.
  He could see by Drue’s face that Tori had really gotten under his skin. Just how badly remained to be seen, but he knew he’d never seen his brother act like this about any other girl either. This could get sticky, but he sure as hell wasn’t stepping away from being with his best friend. She was his friend first, and she meant the world to him. If they were going to pursue this, there were going to have to be some ground rules, and his brother wasn’t going to be the one to set them all either.
  God, he sounded like he was ready to fight his brother over their favorite toy. He laughed to himself. This could prove to be an episode off one of Mom’s soap operas. Let’s just hope no one dies, no one get hurts and somewhere in there is a happily ever after.
  Kevin winked at Tori and walked past Drue smirking into the dining room. “Come on you two.” Kevin said in passing. “Quit messing around, and let’s eat. I’m hungry!”
  Drue held out his hand to Tori and rolled his eyes at his brother. He pulled her to him when she was in reach. He kissed her forehead and not her lips because he couldn’t stand not to touch her, and he knew that if he did kiss her lips it wouldn’t end there.
  “I’ve come to realize I don’t particularly care for my brother’s hand being all over you.”
Tori looked into Drue’s eyes to try and read his expression.
  He was serious. The stern set to his mouth told her that. Was that jealously she sensed? No. It couldn’t be. Of Kevin? Come on!
  “Think of him like a brother, remember?” Tori reminded Drue comically.
  “Now, your hands all over my body is an entirely different story, and if you don’t take them off me right now, we just might embarrass ourselves in your kitchen.” She finished cheekily.
  She reached up on tiptoe and kissed his cheek and led him into the dining room.
  Dinner as usual was an amazing meal and conversation flowed so comfortably. She was seated next to Drue and across the table from Kevin, who kept making smooching lips at her when Drue was talking to his Mom or Dad. She kicked him under the table once and received satisfaction that he had to suffer in silence or else draw attention to himself. She pouted at him and mouthed, “Poor baby.’
  They thought they had gone unnoticed until Drue stopped mid-sentence, laughed and said, “What are you two- twelve?”
  Tori and Kevin were so surprised they were speechless all of about thirty seconds, then they laughed whole-heartedly, deep belly laughs that brought tears to Tori’s eyes. 
  She hadn’t laughed this much since, well, since before her gram died.
  “Sorry Mr. Morgan.” Tori began. “I guess Kevin still brings out the worst in me.” She teased her friend.
  “Me?” Kevin replied. “I wasn’t the one who decided to start something up with my-“ 
  Tori interrupted. “Hey! Don’t you dare say it.” She continued.
  Drue finished it. He placed his hand on Tori’s thigh under the table and squeezed gently, sending tiny little eruptions of delicious sensations traveling up her thigh to her center.
  One touch, really? That was all it took to light her up? Lord she was in trouble. She stopped short and looked up at Drue guiltily.
  “Sorry, but if your brother wouldn’t bait me, I wouldn’t have retaliated.” She grumbled.
  Drue continued to stroke her thigh as he glanced across the table at his brother.
  “Think you two can behave long enough to finish dinner, or do we need to get the children’s table out just like we do during the holidays?”
  Mr. And Mrs. Morgan both joined in the laughter. “Oh it’s so good to have you home, Victoria.” She commented. “Makes us all very happy to have you here with us.”
  Drue squeezed her leg one last time and resumed eating.
  She couldn’t resist. She knew it was childish, but she stuck her tongue out at Kevin anyway, dirty rotten scoundrel. She’d get him later.
  Kevin nearly choked on his tea, and Mr. Morgan continued to laugh. “Yes, it does especially when we get dinner and a show.”
  Drue rolled his eyes at his father. “Please Dad. Don’t encourage them.” He said pleadingly.
  His mother piped in drawing the table’s attention. “Speaking of holidays reminds me about the Fall Festival Dance.” She said excited. “Victoria, I hate that you hurt your hand looking for decorations.” She continued. “I hope you’re feeling alright, dear.”
  Tori smiled. “It really was nothing, just a small puncture wound. Drue made sure I was doctored up. I think he may even have enjoyed the pain I was subjected to when the doc gave me a tetanus shot.” She teased.
  “Well, I’m just glad Drue was there to help you.” Mrs. Morgan said happily. “Now, let’s talk about our schedules tomorrow.” Mrs. Morgan could switch gears in a nano second. “We have a group of girl scouts coming out to the farm to pick out and paint pumpkins. Thought maybe you’d like to help us with that, Tori. They will be here at ten o’clock if you are available and want to help.” Mrs. Morgan finished.
  Pumpkin season on the farm had always been her favorite time of year. She loved everything about fall, the orange and red hues of leaves changing colors, the crisp fresh chill in the air and of course pumpkins!
  “Of course I’ll help.” Tori chimed in. “You know I’d love to!” she finished excitedly.
  Drue watched the excitement cross Tori’s features as she talked about her memories of being on the farm in the fall. Her face was so animated as she talked about the seasons changing, the kaleidoscope of colors and the community picking pumpkins on the farm. There was no doubt she loved it here, but was it just fond memories that linked her here or could it be more? All Drue knew was he had approximately four weeks to spend with her, and he didn’t plan on wasting any of it.
  “After the girl scout’s visit, we will all head down to the county fair if everyone still wants to go.” Mrs. Morgan said with a smile.
  Kevin whooped like a child. “Of course we want to go.” He chided his brother and Tori. “I seem to remember a little bet between Tori and Drue involving some twirling buckets.” he reminded everyone.   “I’m taking my camera for that.”
  “You’re evil, Kevin Morgan. Pure evil.” Tori scolded.
  “I know. That’s why you love me.” Kevin replied and got a kick under the table from his brother this time.
  “Ouch!”
  Tori huffed and grinned mischievously back at Kevin.
  “Alright you two, don’t make me take you out back and hose you off.” Mr. Morgan said in a mock stern voice. “Haven’t had to do that in quite some time. Could be fun for old- time’s sake.”
  Everyone laughed at that. Then Tori’s thoughts went to Drue being hosed down and his t-shirt soaked to his muscular chest she had been caressing just hours ago, and she stopped short. She wiggled in her seat as wetness instantly pooled between her legs. 
  Stop that train of thought right now. Think cold shower.
  Too late Drue saw the change in her eyes, the soft brown turning to dark chocolate when she was aroused. There was no mistaking it. He had witnessed it just hours before when he’d kissed her senseless.
  Okay. Dinner was over. Time to take a walk, and he knew just where he wanted to take her where they could enjoy the evening air and cuddle up.
  He placed his napkin on the table and thanked his mother for dinner.
  “Amazing, as always, Mom.” He leaned over and kissed his mother’s cheek.
  “Think I’ll walk some of it off.” He replied. “Anyone else up for a walk?” He asked the question aloud as if he was asking the entire occupants of the dining room, but he was looking directly at Tori. There was no mistaking his intention even if his words implied otherwise.
  Mr. And Mrs. Morgan gave each other a knowing look.
  “You go ahead, dear while Kevin cleans up tonight.” His mother stated.
  “Tori, you go with Drue and enjoy the fresh air, honey.” Mrs. Morgan finished.
  She looked over at Kevin and gave him a look that said “Don’t you dare argue with me, son.”
  Tori and Drue excused themselves from the table, grabbed their jackets and headed out the back door.
They had walked just a few feet around to the side of the house that was no longer visible from the kitchen window, and Drue stopped.
  “I’ve been wanting to do this all through dinner.” He said as he lowered his head and claimed her lips. It was a sweet exploratory kiss at first but quickly changed once their tongues touched. 
  Fire zinged through Tori at Drue’s touch. They broke apart breathless. She hugged him close, and then stepped back looping her arm through his.
  “Maybe we should walk a little to cool off, huh?” she stated regretfully.
  “Yeah, maybe so.” he agreed. “How about I escort you home, my lady. Wouldn’t want some randy fox or rascally raccoon to come after you in the dark.” he teased.
  “Why thank you, kind sir.” she played along. “That would be mighty generous of you.”
  They walked in companionable silence the half mile across the lawn to her front porch. The more she was exposed to the playful sexy side of Drue Morgan the more drawn in she became. The seriously focused, responsible and no-nonsense Drue she knew. This playful side was an attractive nuance that was drugging her senses and leaving her light-headed, well that, and his kisses had something to do with it too.
  They climbed the steps to the front door, and Drue stopped and took her hand to his lips.
  “Until the ‘morrow I bid you ado.” He replied and bowed.
  He grinned as he straightened but was surprised when Tori said, “Oh shut up and kiss me.” and pulled Drue to her.
  Now that he could do.



Chapter Ten

  Laughter filtered through the bright crisp morning as ten little girls in Daisy and Brownie Girl Scout uniforms flitted around the Morgan farm in search of the perfect pumpkin.
  Their chatter was endless. Their excitement was contagious. Tori watched the girls as she set up the paint tables at the side pavilion connected to the fresh market stand at the front of the farm. The Morgans had always supported the community through open activities on the farm. This was one of them. The Girl Scouts had been coming ever since she could remember to earn a patch for learning how to grow pumpkins.
  All the girls were brought to the hay circle near the pavilion after they had picked out their pumpkins.   She listened as Drue complimented them on their picks of pumpkins. He began his story of how to plant, grow and harvest pumpkins.
  “Did you know it takes 75-100 days to grow pumpkins?” he asked the little girls.
  He was animated with them and gave them his full attention. Two things stood out to Tori that warmed her heart. It was obvious   Drue loved farming as he shared with the girls, and secondly he was great with kids. He would make a wonderful father someday.
  As soon as the thought crossed her mind, a mental image of what Drue and her children would look like followed.
  Dark auburn or chesnut hair, brown or green eyes with stubbornness guaranteed. 
  “Whoa!” Tori thought. “Where did that come from?” She shook her head at herself. “Nothing like putting the cart before the horse, girl. Get a grip.”
  Just then applause erupted indicating Drue had finished his lesson on growing pumpkins. The adult leaders, Kevin and Drue led the girls over to Tori where they helped them get situated at the paint tables to begin decorating their pumpkins.
  Trash bags were placed over their heads where holes had been made to accommodate them to protect their clothing while they painted.
Plates with all different colors of paint had been laid out across the tables with multiple paint brushes along with sponges and other applicators.
  The girls squealed with excitement as they became miniature Van Gogh’s, each one excited to express themselves through art.
  All but one it seemed. She was a curly-haired blonde cutie on the end. She looked to be about five-years-old, and her bottom lip was poked out in the cutest pout Tori had ever seen.
  She walked over to the little girl. “Hi, My name is Tori. What’s yours?” she asked.
  The little girl looked up at Tori sadly. “Megan.” she barely whispered.
  Tori squatted down so that she was eye-level with Megan.
  “Well, Megan. You don’t seem to be very excited to paint your pumpkin.” she stated matter-of-factly.  “Is something wrong?”
  “My little brother wants to paint, and Lisa said he can’t.” Megan answered.
  “Oh. I see.” Tori said softly. “Where is your brother?”
  Megan pointed to a smaller blonde-haired version of herself hugging a woman’s left leg with tears staining his face. He looked to be around two-years-old.
  “How about if we get your brother a pumpkin and let him sit right here beside you to paint his own?” Tori offered. “Would you help him do that?” Tori asked.
  Megan’s little face lit up with pleasure. “Oh yes, I would.” she answered cheerfully.
  “Alright then. Let’s go get him.” Tori took Megan’s hand, and they walked together to collect her brother, Tommy.
  Drue had watched Tori as she had approached a little blonde girl at the end of the table. He was just close enough to catch bits of their conversation to get the gist of what was going on. Something twisted in his chest as he thought about how kind-hearted and intuitive Tori had been to the little girl Megan. She would make an amazing mother some day. The thought of Tori pregnant didn’t scare him as much as he thought it should. In fact he kind of liked the idea. He liked the idea even more when he thought about what had to happen for her to become pregnant. Unfortunately his body started to react to those thoughts in ways that were not appropriate when you were helping little girls paint pumpkins. “Cool it.” he told himself. There was a time and place for everything he reminded himself.
  As Tori came back to the table with Tommy and Megan in tow with Tommy’s pumpkin, Drue smiled at her. He walked over and placed his hand on her shoulder from behind and gave her a gentle squeeze.
  “Nice thing you did there.” he whispered in her ear as he moved on to help the others finish decorating.
Goosebumps. Every time he touched her he made her tingle, and she loved it.
  She smiled back at him and nodded. She looked around at Kevin, Drue, his Mom and Dad with the people in this community, and it all just felt so much a part of her she almost felt like she had never left. It would be so easy to want to stay here if only… She would just have faith in Drue that the next few weeks showed him she was what his heart desired.
  They all waved good-bye to girls as the vans that had brought them drove away.
  “I had forgotten how much fun that is.” Tori said cheerfully as she turned to help finish cleaning up.
  Drue came up beside her and placed his arm around her shoulders as they walked.
  Mr. and Mrs. Morgan fell in step behind them. They exchanged glances of surprise at Drue’s open gesture of affection. Obviously something had changed. They knew something had been set in motion at dinner last night when Tori had sat beside Drue and not Kevin, but nothing had been said. Now Drue was affectionately walking beside Tori in plain view of them and Kevin. Kevin. Mrs. Morgan glanced in his direction. If something had finally transpired between Drue and Tori, how did Kevin really feel about it?
  She knew it wasn’t the fourth of July, but she thought this change of events could create a chain reaction from her youngest son. She would have to keep an eye out for any sign of trouble. She wanted both her sons to be happy and Tori as well. 
  “Thanks for all the help this morning everyone.” Mrs. Morgan told the group. “I know you have things to get done before we leave for the fair, so you better get to it.” she commanded lovingly. “What time are we planning on heading out, dear?” she looked to Mr. Morgan.
  “Planning on pulling out at around four o’clock.” He answered.
  “I’m driving, and Tori’s riding with me.” Drue threw over his shoulder. He leaned down close to her ear and whispered, “I hope.”
  Drue turned to Kevin before he could say whatever he was about to say and said, “And you’re not, little brother.”
  “I guess that means you’re stuck with me, Mom.” Kevin playfully pouted. “It’s a sad day when your best friend chooses your brother over you.” he jested at Tori and winked at her.
  They finished cleaning up, and as Tori prepared to head back home to fix lunch and check emails from work, Drue grasped her elbow stopping her.
  She looked up at him questioningly.
  “I’ll pick you up at four.” Drue said. “Don’t eat any hotdogs for lunch. We still have a bet to resolve and a date with the twirling buckets.” He laughed and so did Tori, but all laughter ceased as he brushed his lips to hers.
  “See you at four.” he finished and left her standing with her mouth gaped open.
  “Good thing it’s October or you would draw flies with that mouth gaped open like that.” Kevin said from beside her.
  She jumped. “Jeez, Kev. Quit sneaking up on me!” she laughed away her embarrassment.
  “Hope you know what you are doing, Sprite.” he said to her seriously. “I don’t want to see either one of you hurt, and I sure don’t want to lose my best friend.” he said sincerely.
  “No matter the outcome of whatever this is, Kevin, Drue and I are not going to let it have any kind of negative impact on your family.” she told him seriously. “I promise.”
  She hugged her best friend. She truly did love him like a brother. “And thanks for caring.” She finished and kissed him on the cheek.
  “I hope you are right, Sprite.” Kevin said. “for everyone’s sake, because I’d hate to have to disown a brother. Makes living in the same house a little uncomfortable I would imagine.” He teased to lighten the mood.
  “I’ll see you at the fair.” Tori called over her shoulder. “Water pistols at dusk.” she challenged and headed across the field home.
  Just as she was coming to the front porch steps, she heard a vehicle coming up her drive. She wasn’t expecting anyone, so she had no clue who it could be. Probably someone from town coming to visit.
  She stood on the front porch waiting as the vehicle drove closer. As the vehicle stopped in the drive beside the house, Tori couldn’t believe her eyes.
  As the car door opened, Tori was already flying down the steps.
  “Katy!” Tori hollered. “What in the world are you doing here?” she asked happily.
  “I would say I was coming as a friend to check on you and see how you were managing out here in Sticksville, USA, which is part of the reason, but mainly I am here on official business.” her friend and co-worker stated seriously.



Chapter Eleven

  Tori stepped back with both hands holding onto Katy and looked at her face to glean whether her friend was serious or not.
  Tori had met Katy Martin at the publishing house in Chicago on the first day she had started working there. They had become fast friends and each other’s sidekicks ever since.
  “Is something wrong at work, Katy?” Tori asked concerned. “What is it?”
  Her friend couldn’t keep a straight face. She grinned from ear to ear. “Oh!” she shrieked in excitement. “I couldn’t tell you this over the phone.” Katy rushed out. “You did it!” she shouted. “You really did it!”   Katy was jumping up and down in her excitement.
  “What?” Tori asked startled and laughed. “What did I do?”
  Her friend just stared at her with that knowing smirk on her face as if she were willing Tori to guess.
  Then it hit Tori. “Wait.” Tori sucked in a breath. “You don’t mean – they…I…my book?” Tori sputtered out in astonishment.
  “Yes! They are picking up your book!” Katy shouted as she handed Tori the company’s acceptance letter.
  The two friends danced up and down and shrieked around the front yard.
  “Oh Em Gee!” Tori said gleefully. “I have to tell Drue and Kevin! Come on.”
  Tori grabbed the letter from her friend’s hand and started running across the yard to the Morgan’s house. She could see Drue and Kevin out by the barn.
  “Guys!” she hollered as she came into their yard. “You’ll never guess what has happened.” 
  Drue and Kevin both looked up startled, thinking something was wrong.
  Kevin got to Tori first. He held her arms to stop her from jumping up and down.
  “Are you alright?” he asked concerned. “What’s happened?”
  “They’re publishing my book!” she shouted still jumping for joy even as Kevin still had hold of her arms.
  Hearing the news Kevin whooped and hollered right along with her, picking Tori up and twirling her around in a circle.
  “That’s fantastic, Tori!” Kevin told her ecstatic for his friend.
  She turned to Drue who was walking toward her with a smile. She didn’t hesitate. She ran to him and jumped into his arms, her legs circling his waist.
  “Can you believe it, Drue?” she said excitedly. “It’s really going to happen. Victoria Winslow, published author.”
  “Congratulations, Victoria.” Drue cupped her bottom in both hands as she hugged him tightly. Tori drew back planted a firm kiss to Drue’s mouth.
  “I’m so excited.” Tori said.
  “We couldn’t tell by the way you ran like a banshee across the yard.” Katy said as she caught up and tried to catch her breath.
  Both brothers turned in surprise at Katy’s arrival into the yard.
  “Katy!” Kevin said in surprise. “What are you doing here?”
  “Hi!” Katy greeted Kevin. “I was the special messenger of that letter, and there was no way I wasn’t going to deliver it personally.” she finished with a smile.
  Kevin gave Katy a hug. The two had met on the several visits Kevin had made to Chicago to see Tori. They had hit it off instantly, and the three of them always had a good time together. In fact, Tori knew   Katy had a little crush on Kevin, and she wasn’t too sure that he wasn’t attracted to Katy.
  Drue let Tori unwind and slide down his form until her feet hit the ground. He leaned forward and kissed her forehead affectionately as he frequently did and said for their ears only “The next time you have those legs wrapped around me like that, we better be alone.”
  She smiled up at him at the same time she felt the effect she had on him.
  She mouthed the word “Sorry” to him and kissed his cheek.
  “Okay, I couldn’t wait to tell you both, but I know you are working, so Katy and I will go back to the house and catch up.” Tori told the group. She turned to Katy.
  “Are you staying for the weekend I hope?” she asked Katy.
  “Yes, if you’ve got a bed for me.” Katy teased.
  “If she doesn’t, I do.” Kevin couldn’t resist.
  Tori smacked Kevin’s arm. “I'll bet you do.”
  “Great!” Tori continued. “This will be so much fun. We are all going to the fair this afternoon. You’ll love it Katy.” 
  The girls headed back to Tori’s house while Drue and Kevin finished up around the farm.
  It waited as long as Katy getting her bag out of her car and both of them going into the kitchen to make a cup of coffee.
  “I thought I was coming here with big news, but apparently you have some of your own, so spill it.” was out of Katy’s mouth before she could take a seat at the kitchen table.
  Tori laughed. “What?” she played ignorant. “You mean Drue?” she asked.
  “No, I’m talking about the chickens, you pumpkin head.” Katy said sarcastically. “Of course I’m talking about Drue. What gives?”
  Tori set the pod in the coffee maker and hit the brew button. She was grateful to her grandmother that she had accepted the pod coffee maker as much coffee as she drank.
  “You’ve been gone barely a week, and you’re already locking lips with the boy next door?” Katy teased.
  Tori sighed as she handed her friend a cup of coffee and joined her at the kitchen table.
  “I’m just as surprised as you are, my friend.” Tori told Katy shaking her head. “One minute I think I’m goosing my best friend, the next I’m being kissed by his brother, who I have had an antagonistic relationship with since I was five-years-old.” She sighed.
  “I’ve never admitted this to anyone, but I have secretly been in love with Drue Morgan for as long as I could remember, first as an adolescent crush and then with raging pubescent hormones.” Tori continued.
  “I even attempted to show him once how I felt.” Tori’s face scalded red with remembered embarrassment. “It didn’t end well.”
  She took a sip of her coffee as memories flooded her. 
  “And?” prompted Katy. “How’d it get to you wrapping yourself around him in the back yard a few minutes ago?”
  “God, Katy. It’s all happened so quickly, but it feels comfortable, so right, like it’s never been any other way.” Tori said almost amazed. “There is no awkwardness around each other, because we’ve known each other forever. What’s exciting and new is being close to him intimately and spending time intentionally alone together for the first time ever.” Tori laughed.
  “It’s always been Kevin and me.” she continued. “He’s been my best friend since Kindergarten. Drue was always in the background chiding us for goofing off too much or not working hard enough, but I’ve always been drawn to him.”
  “When I was little I used to follow him around the farm like a shadow.” Tori chuckled. “He used to get so frustrated with me, he would march me home himself just to get me out from under him, but he was never mean. In fact I always felt safe with Drue around. I just wanted to be near him.”
  “So what happened?” Katy asked. “You haven’t said anything about him in the two years I’ve known you, only in reference to Kevin.”
  “I threw myself at him during Kevin and my graduation party.” Tori told Katy. “It was humiliating.”
  “What?” Katy asked. “I knew there had to be a good part. Go on.” Katy encouraged.
  “You’re terrible, you know that?” Tori teased. “Not a lot to tell. I made a pass at Drue. He turned me down flat. I went away to college, he finished school as well, and we’ve gone on with our lives.”
  “That’s it?” Katy said disappointed.
  “It was until I came home this time.” Tori continued. Tori explained how she mistakenly grabbed Drue’s backside instead of Kevin’s, and how it had led to Drue kissing her.
  “Talk about an instant flame, Katy.” Tori told her friend. “Every time he touches me, I come unglued. I’ve never wanted anyone more, and it scares me.”
  “Scares you?” Katy asked. “Why? It sounds wonderful! Wish I had someone that looked at me the way he looks at you, like you are a three-course meal and he’s skipping right to dessert.”
  “He makes me tingle, Katy.” Tori said quietly.
  “Uh oh.” Katy replied. “You’ve got it that bad, huh?”
  Tori nodded her head in affirmation.
  “What am I going to do, Katy?” she asked with desperation in her voice? “The reality is I live in Chicago. I now have my first book to be published, I’ve got to figure out what to do about this place which is 200 miles away from Chicago, and Drue’s place is here.” Tori stared into her coffee.
  “There’s more at stake here than just us. I love his family more than anything, and Kev is a solid part of my foundation. I couldn’t lose him if things go badly between Drue and I. What if it doesn’t work out?”
  Katy stared at her friend and said, “But what if it does?”
  Tori stared at Katy as if she’d smacked her upside the head and laughed out loud.
  “You always know how to make me feel better, Katy.” She hugged her friend and said, “Come on. Let’s get you settled upstairs and then it’ll be time to act like kids again.”
  “When did we stop being kids?” asked Katy grinning wickedly.
  “You sound just like Kevin.” was Tori’s only comment.



Chapter Twelve

  Tori heard the knock at the front door, and then heard it open as she headed down the stairs.
  “Hello!” hollered Drue as he came through the door. Kevin was directly behind him.
  She smiled at them both. “Are we ready to ride?” she asked both brothers.
  “That depends.” Kevin said. “What have you eaten today?” he teased.
  Katy came down the stairs and greeted Drue and Kevin.
  “What’s the game plan?” asked Katy.
  “Well, I’m glad you asked.” Kevin jumped in with mock seriousness. “Since my brother is so desperate to be alone with my best friend, I thought it only fair that I steal you away from Tori.” he continued.   “How about you ride with me and let these two knuckleheads have some alone time.” Kevin finished drawing out the last two words.
  “Funny, Kev.” Tori snarled at her friend. “It’s not like we are going to jump each other’s bones in the truck.”
  “A guy can dream, can’t he?” Drue asked devilishly.
  Tori blushed. “Let’s go.”
  Drue patted her butt as she passed in front of him for good measure and arched his eyebrows mischievously.
  “Remember what you said about handling matches, Morgan?” Tori asked Drue.
  He just grinned from ear to ear as they headed out of the house to the county fair.

  Tori loved the sensations elicited from the smells at the county fair. Nowhere else were you exposed to vinegar on French fries, fried bologna, Indian bread, corn dogs and cotton candy all in one place. The dings, bells and whistles followed by cheers from the crowds as games were played and lost while shrieks and screams from the occupants of the roller coasters rang through the air as they crested and turned.
  Drue watched Tori’s expression as they entered the fair. Her eyes lit up with anticipation and excitement just like a child. Her natural competitiveness made her adrenaline kick in and her pulse speed up. Her excitement and anticipation was contagious.
  “Where to first?” Drue asked.
  “Cotton Candy.” She answered. Kevin stepped in.
  “Uh, that’s a big fat negative. Not if you plan to ride.” he told Tori.
  “You’re not the boss of me.” Tori answered Kevin playfully. Just as he was about to retort, Drue stepped in.
  “Don’t make me separate you two already.” He picked Tori up and placed her on his left side opposite Kevin and laughed.
  “Stick that lip out any further and I might have to do something with it.” Drue teased.
  Tori thought she liked the sound of that. Drue saw the response in her eyes. ‘Later, spitfire.”
  Drue had never really called her anything other than Victoria, but when he did, she liked it. It fit with him.
  “I’ve got a match…” she said  and laughed.
  He smacked her backside just enough so it carried a little sting. “You’ll pay for that.” She told him.
  “Let’s get this dare over with, so I can kick Kevin’s butt at water guns.” Tori grabbed Drue’s hand and led the group to the spinning buckets line. 
  “Don’t fail me now, stomach.” she said to herself mostly, but Drue heard her.
  “Worried?” he asked. “No, of course not.” she answered, but maybe she was just a little concerned. She hadn’t ridden a ride like this for several years. Throwing up on your date just wouldn’t provoke a positive response, she didn’t imagine.
  They loaded into the buckets, Drue with Tori and Kevin with Katy. The buckets slowly moved clockwise upward, beginning to swing as they moved. Drue saw Tori clench her fists at her sides. He placed his hand over hers, and as she opened her fist, he clasped it in his. 
  She felt her stomach come into her chest as they did the first upside down spin. “Oh, Lord.” she thought. Then they were in full swing- or spin. Round and round they went until Tori wondered if they were ever going to stop and then they did. The attendant opened the cage door and Drue exited helping Tori do the same.
  “I did it, and I didn’t throw up on you!” she said with adolescent excitement and grabbed Drue to give him a celebratory kiss.
  He didn’t release her immediately. He lingered lowering his lips to hers a second time for a more gentle touch. He flicked his tongue out to run along her lower lip and sucked. Her sharp intake of breath and her body leaning closer in to his told him of her reaction without any words. 
  They parted slowly and smiled. 
  Kevin interrupted by jumping down from the basket with Katy in tow. “What’s next?” How about the Mega Loop?”
  They rode four more rides before grabbing a quick bite to eat. Tori checked her watch. They had fourty-five minutes until the Carolina Moon concert started, so they headed over to the amphitheater to insure they could get good seats.
  “I love these guys. I can’t believe we get the chance to see them.” Katy shared.
  “You’re a country music fan?” Kevin asked surprised. “I would have pegged you for a new ager being such a hip city girl.”
  “Stereo-type much?” Katy mocked. “I may live in Chicago, but I grew up in a small farm town in Indiana. “Is there any other kind of music?” she asked.
  Shaking his head he said, “Guess that just goes to prove you really shouldn’t judge a book by its cover, huh?”
  The foursome made their way to the theater where they were able to procure fourth row center stage seats. The  girls were ecstatic. While they waited for the concert to begin, several people passed that they recognized. 
  “Tori Winslow, I didn’t know you were back in town.” A tall lanky woman with pretty blonde hair with a pony-tail, short jean mini-skirt and bright red lipstick stopped beside their row.
  “Hi, Suzanne.” Tori greeted the woman. “Yes, I got back in a few days ago.”
  “Well, you need to come by the diner and catch up.” The girl Tori had been on the cheerleading squad with in high school continued. “I know Mom would love to see you. We were so sorry to here about your grandma.”
  “Thanks, Suzanne. I’ll be sure and do that.”
  Several more friends and acquaintances of both Tori,  Kevin and Drue’s stopped by to say hello.
  “We are most certainly not in Chicago anymore.” Katy said smiling. “It’s like being where everybody knows your name, but it’s not a bar, it’s a town.” she finished laughingly.
  Tori thought about what Katy had said as someone came on stage to announce the band. Growing up she’d thought her life had been too sheltered in this small town. She’d wanted to see and do more. That’s why she went to school in Arizona and took the editing job in Chicago. She’d wanted to spread her wings.
  While she loved her life in Chicago with her friends and her job, she never realized or maybe admitted how rooted she was here, and how coming home this time had felt as natural as if she had never left.
  She looked over at Drue as he sat beside her saying something to Kevin. Things can change in an instant, and they had. With her grandmother passing, she and Drue sparking off each other from the moment she had returned, and the news her publishing company was taking on her book, she felt overwhelmed. Quite frankly she was scared, especially when it came to her and Drue. She’d thought she’d buried her feelings for him and now having the seams of her emotions burst wide open at his very touch was like riding over the edge of a waterfall. It’s beautiful while it’s happening, but at the end of the ride will it end safely or will it end in disaster? Tori wasn’t afraid of taking risks in search of true happiness, but she was afraid of losing the Morgans all together if this relationship with Drue didn’t turn out as she hoped.
  The lights dimmed and the music started as the band appeared on stage. A cool breeze blew Tori’s hair across her face and she stood and cheered the band on. Drue watched the delight she expressed in listening to the band. She sang along as they played one of her favorite songs, swaying back and forth with the music.
  She was a beautiful sight, her auburn hair curling down her back and blowing in the slight wind. Her cheeks were blushed from the chill and her eyes were sparkling. She looked happy, thought Drue and that made him smile. He’d been doing a lot of that since she’d come home. It made him happy just to be around her. If he were really being honest, he had to admit it had always made him happy to be with her, except for the inner battle he’d waged through his teenage years to ignore the attraction he felt for her.
  Even now he couldn’t quite believe that he had given in and that it was him and not Kevin that she wanted. He wasn’t going to try and figure it all out. All he knew is he wanted to be with her, and he wasn’t about to look a gift horse in the mouth. He was accepting it, and he had no intentions of giving it back.
  The band played for almost two hours and came back for two encores. 
  “That was a fantastic show!” Katy said with exuberance. ‘Now where do you all go to have some fun around here?”
  “I thought we were having fun.” answered Tori.
  “You know what I mean.” Katy continued. “To have a drink and celebrate your book being published.”
  Tori looked at her watch. It was after eleven o’clock. She knew Drue and Kevin didn’t have to get up as early tomorrow as it was Sunday morning, but she also knew they were tired from working all day today.  Katy also had to drive home tomorrow. 
  “It’s late, Katy.” Tori replied. “How about we take a rain check?” she asked.
  “I’ll agree to that, but only if you make your famous enchiladas.” Kevin chimed in as he grabbed Tori by the waist and swung her around as if they were dancing to a Mexican corrida dance.
  She laughed and extracted herself from his arms crying “Uncle! You win. Enchiladas it is.” 
  Drue couldn’t help but frown at the two as they danced around. He knew they both said they were just friends, but everything flowed so easily between them. His subconscious just wouldn’t let go of the possibility of the two of them together, and that was what caused him to frown.
  He walked over to Tori and slipped his arm around her waist as if he were staking his claim.
  He kicked his thoughts to the curb and smiled down at Tori, not wanting to ruin a good night. 
  “Ready to head home?” he asked.
  “Yes, let’s go.” She answered. “I’ll see you back at the house, Katy. Keep your hands to themselves.” She winked at her friend and hugged Kevin good-bye.
  Tori and Drue walked hand-in-hand toward the exit in companionable silence, his thumb caressing the inside of her palm.
  They were greeted by several neighbors as the made their way to the truck.
  “It’s as if I had never moved away from here.” Tori told Drue. 
  “Is that a good feeling or a bad feeling?” Drue asked uncertain.
  “Oh, definitely good.” she replied. “It’s like being a piece of a puzzle that fits no matter how many times you take it apart and put it back together. It belongs.” 
  Smiling she snuggled closer as they walked. Drue’s arm held her closer around her waist. 
  “You do fit, Tori.” Drue answered seriously. “This is your home.”
  They reached Drue’s truck in the parking lot field that was starting to empty out after the concert.
He opened the passenger door and helped Tori climb in, lingering just a whisper holding her hand.
Drue crossed around the front of the vehicle, and as he slid into the driver’s seat, Tori smiled up at him.
  “Thank you for tonight.” she started. “I haven’t had that much fun in a long time.”
  “Me either.” Drue replied. “I don’t think it would have been half as much fun without you here. You’re pretty fearsome with a water gun in your hand.” he said teasingly as he remembered her slaughtering   Kevin in the water gun horse race three times in a row.
  Her laughter mingled with his as he started up the truck, and they pulled out of the lot towards home.
  Tori yawned and Drue pulled her to him. 
  “Slide on over and lay your head on my shoulder.”
  There was plenty of room in his dual cab truck. As she moved over and laid her head against his shoulder, Drue placed his hand on her thigh protectively.
  The radio played soft country music and as they drove the thirty-minute drive back to Oak Creek, he absently caressed her leg.
  Tingling sensations traveled up her body at his touch. In response Tori’s hand had begun caressing his chest in small circular motions.
  “Keep that up, and I’m going to have to pull over.” Drue said as he cleared his throat.
  Tori grinned. “Why?” she asked. “Do you need to check the tire pressure?”
  “More like my blood pressure.” Drue growled.
  Tori lifted her head and twisted slightly in the seat.
  “Really?” she asked. “Well let me just look you over and see if we can identify the problem.”
She leaned into him and flicked her tongue against the inside of his ear, blowing lightly against it.
  Drue shifted in his seat, his grip tightening on the steering wheel.
  “Victoria, I’m warning you.” he said through clenched teeth.
  A thrill ran down her spine as she witnessed the effect she was having on him. How many times had she wished she could be this close to him?
  She continued her attentions by nipping at his neck and licking each spot as if to soothe where her teeth had just been.
  Her tongue seared his skin. Heat spread to his mid-section and his jeans became unbearably tight as the evidence of her effect on him could not be hidden. He had the hard on of his life.
  “Hmm…” Tori whispered into his ear. “Definitely sensing an increase in the pulse at the base of your neck.”
  Drue’s knuckles were now white wrapped around the steering wheel.
  “You seem a little tense.” she said as she gently massaged his shoulder. 
  She couldn’t believe she was pushing him like this, watching as his control slipped little by little. 
Drue always held on to his control, and to know she was the cause of his reaction right now drove her excitement up another level.
  Suddenly the truck took a hard left and slammed Tori against Drue.
  She managed to sit upright and looked up confused at what had just happened.
  “Was there an animal in the road?” was her first thought.
  Then she saw they had turned onto a dirt road in between two cornfields. Where was he going, she wondered?
  “Taking the scenic route home?” she questioned.
  Drue didn’t respond. He drove a few miles down the dirt road and came to a clearing underneath a large oak tree.
  He pulled the truck beside the tree and put it in park.
  “Drue, What are we…?”
  She got no further with her question as Drue turned to her, wrapped his arms around her and assaulted her lips with a molten kiss. 
  Her response was instantaneous. Her arms wrapped around his neck as her fingers tangled in his hair.
  His hair had grown a little longer this summer and looked slightly unkempt in a sexy kind of way. She really liked it.
  His hands roamed her back down to her bottom and cupped her, molding her even closer into him.
  Opening up to him, his tongue invaded her mouth as he drew in her sweet taste.
  He pushed her back down to the leather seat as he struggled to be closer to her.
  He needed to be close to her, couldn’t think of anything else at this moment. He just plain needed her.
Need intensified as she rubbed her body against his, sensations overtaking them both.
Heat pooled between her legs. She wrapped her ankles around his legs pushing into him, his erection digging into her through their jeans.
  As his hand cupped her breast kneading the taunt nipple as he kissed her neck, she reached for him.
She rubbed against his manhood and felt him jerk in his jeans. 
  Was she really being this bold? God help her because she couldn’t help herself.  
  She loved this man. Oh, God! She loved him. 
  That thought was like an icy bucket of cold water to Tori’s libido.
  She had never stopped loving him. She had been fooling herself for so long that the feelings she had for Drue had been buried and gone. 
  All it took was a week being home and she was in over her head.
  She knew he had feelings for her too, obviously, but love? 
  If she put herself out there like this, it could lead to heartbreak again just like six years ago.
  It took a moment for Drue to realize she had pulled back from him.
His head came up and he looked into her eyes.
  “Drue, we need to slow down.” She said into his passion-filled gaze.
  She knew the same emotions were reflected in her eyes along with something that probably looked like fear. She hoped he wasn’t that perceptive in the dark.
  They broke apart, needing to take in air, their chests heaving, but Drue did not lessen his hold.
He turned his head into her neck breathing in her fresh scent. He touched his forehead to hers as he had done before, trying to get his lust-filled body under control.
  “God, I’ve wanted to do that all night.” Drue said as he brushed his hand along her cheek.
  “Guess things were getting a little out of hand.” he continued. “But don’t expect me to apologize this time, because I’m not going to.”
  He stared at Tori waiting for her to say something.
  She smiled up at him.
  “I’m certainly glad of that, because I’d hate to have to water you down again.”she teased.
  He chuckled as he untangled his body with hers and sat upright.
  He helped her come back to a sitting position beside him.
  Both were drawing in deep breaths of air, trying to calm their heated bodies.
  “What are we doing, Drue?” Tori asked quietly.
  “I would have thought that was pretty obvious, but if I need to explain it…” Drue teased.
  He then saw the trepidation on hers face and sobered instantly.
  “I’m serious, Drue.” she continued, twisting the flap of her blouse in between her hands looking down to avoid facing him.
  “Do you know that every time you walk into viewing distance I can’t think of anything else except getting my hands on you, even if it’s just to hold your hand.” Drue admitted to Tori.
  “It’s never been like that with anyone else. Only you. I want to be with you, talk with you, share my day, but most of all I want to hold you, to love you Tori. I’ve never wanted anything more.” 
  He tipped her chin up to force her to look him in the eye.
  “I never dreamed it possible to be able to hold you like this, to tell you how I really felt.” he said as he rubbed his thumb across her bottom lip.
  “I let Kevin be my excuse, because I was afraid to find out otherwise, so I told myself that you were off limits.”
  Tori was shocked at his admissions. How long had he felt this way? Both of them had been so foolish and lost out on so much time together.
  “Do you remember the time you and Kevin climbed the grain bin on the farm, and you fell off the ladder and broke your arm, and I carried you all the way home?”
  She nodded her head yes in response.
  “You were ten. I was twelve.” He continued. “Even then I couldn’t stand the thought of you being hurt.” 
  “You carried me all the way home, up the steps and into the house.” Tori remembered. “You didn’t want to put me down until Grandma made you.”
  “Do you also remember your high school prom when Jimmy Johnson’s car got a flat and you had to ride home with me and my date?”
  Tori looked at the slightly guilty look on his face as he brought her thoughts back to that night.
  “It wasn’t an accident.” Drue confessed. “I let the air out of his tire, so that you would have to ride with me. I didn’t want you alone in the car with him, where he could put his hands on you. It drove me crazy thinking about you alone with him in that car.”
  Her eyes were wide in amazement. Never had she even guessed that he would do or want to do anything like that.
  His actions thrilled her to her core.
  “Why are you telling me all this now?” she asked hope springing from its well-hidden nook in her heart.
  “For some reason the fates have given me a second chance with you, and I don’t intend to blow it, Victoria.” He answered, his gruff sweet voice washing through her like satin.
  What was he saying? What did this all mean? She felt like she couldn’t put together two coherent thoughts.
  “In my heart you’ve always been mine. You’ve always belonged here with me. I just wouldn’t let myself believe it would ever come to fruition because of yours and Kevin’s friendship.” He took a breath.
  “What I’m trying to say is that I want to be with you. I love you, Victoria Winslow. I always have. I am not letting you go so foolishly again.”
  He leaned down and gently kissed her, passion just under the surface as their lips met.
  Her heart flipped as tears pricked her eyes.
  “You love me?” she nearly croaked.
  He gently wiped a tear that escaped down her cheek.
  “Yes, my little spitfire, I do. With all my heart, and it’s yours if you’ll take it.”
  Happiness seared her soul at his words…words she thought never to hear from him. Then reality crept in.
  “Drue, I love you too. I always have, but it’s not that simple, is it?” she said sadly.
  “I live in Chicago and your life is here on the farm.”
  “If you want something badly enough, Victoria, then you find a way. We don’t have to have all the answers tonight, do we? We will figure this out together; otherwise the option is being without each other. Now that I have you, I’m keeping you. You’re mine.” Drue finished.
  She wanted to believe him that they could find a way to make this work. She had never wanted anything more, but uncertainty remained. Was she strong enough to see this through no matter how it ended? They had three weeks until she had to be back at work to figure it out. She would just have to have faith that their love truly was strong enough to see them through.
  She shook her head in amazement. Drue loved her. Whatever else happened, she had that to keep her strong.
  “I love you.” was all she said in reply.
  Their lips locked one last time before they headed back out the dirt road toward home.
  As they pulled up the drive to Tori’s home, she couldn’t help but smile at the events of the evening. How things could change in an instant. Her future looked brighter than ever before. Although she was scared, she wouldn’t let fear stand in her way. She didn’t expect to get much sleep tonight.
  Standing on her front porch, Drue kissed her goodnight. It was different now that he had confessed his love for her. It was like a barrier was gone, and it was as natural and comfortable to be in his arms as if she had been there forever. 
  “Good Night. Sweet Dreams.” She told him as she opened the front door.
  “I don’t think sweet comes to mind when I’m thinking about what I want to be doing with you right now.” Drue responded.
  He winked and got in his truck and headed home.
  As Tori entered the house, she saw a note from Katy on the hall table. She’d already gone to bed, but the note said she wasn’t off the hook.
  “Dirt at Dawn” was all it said.
  Tori laughed as she read the note. Leave it to Katy to make sure she didn’t miss out on anything.



Chapter Thirteen

  Tori was up bright and early Sunday morning. Katy was heading back to Chicago around lunchtime, and she knew she’d be waiting to get what she was sure Katy hoped were the “dirty” details.
  A lopsided grin crossed her face as she remembered last night’s events. She hadn’t been dreaming. Drue had said he loved her and that they would figure it all out.
  She had waited a lifetime to hear those words. Now that she had she wasn’t sure what was next. She’d never been down this road before. All she knew was that the situation was different now. She even felt different. Giddy better described how she felt right now. She was certain that her feet were not touching the ground because of floating on cloud nine.
  She was just prepping the coffee when she heard footsteps coming down the stairs.
  “Oh, I see we made it back in one piece, but did ‘everything’ make it back in tact?” Katy asked teasingly as she entered the kitchen.
  Blushing Tori handed her friend a warm mug of freshly brewed coffee.
  “Ah…heaven in a cup.” Katy breathed in the rich aroma. 
  “No normal person can live without this in the morning.” she said seriously.
  “Judging by the beautiful blush creeping all the way up your ears, you had an enjoyable ride home from the fair last night, so spill it.” she demanded.
  “Give a girl something to drool about when she has nothing of her own.”
  “He says he loves me – that he always has.”
  Katy’s coffee spilt as she choked on her sip and sat the cup on the table with a loud clink.
  “What?” she sputtered. “Are you serious? What did you say?” she asked as she sat up straighter in her chair and leaned forward as if hanging on Tori’s every word.
  “What do you think I said?” Tori responded. “I love him too – always have.”
  “Oh My God! This is huge – front page we’re talking here, not some page eight editorial fill –in.” Katy said in amazement.
  “What does this mean?” she asked. “I mean, two separate cities, your job, your book…what are you going to do?”
  “We haven’t gotten that far yet.” Tori took a sip of her coffee as Katy asked all the same questions that had been plaguing her since she got up this morning.
  “Drue said we don’t have to have all the answers right this moment, that we will figure it out together. I just hope he’s right.” 
  “That sounds logical to me.” Katy continued. “No need to make rash decisions. You’ve admitted your feelings for one another. That’s a big step. Now see where it leads. It’s not like people don’t have long distance relationships.”
  Tori didn’t know how she felt about that. Being apart from Drue wasn’t very appealing. If they were going to make a go at a real relationship, didn’t they need to spend time together to find out where it could lead? 
  Although four hours distance away wasn’t that far. If they were truly committed to having a relationship, being required to make that extra effort would mean something, wouldn’t it?
  “You may be right. I just don’t know how all this is going to work. On one hand I’m walking on air, on the other I’m scared to death.” Tori shared with her friend. “I need to stop thinking so much and take it a day at a time.”
  She rinsed out her coffee cup and placed it in the dishwasher.
  Katy hugged her. “I’m really happy for you, ya know, maybe even a little jealous.” she teased.   “Remember if it’s meant to be, it will all work out.”
  She squeezed Katy tight and shook her head in agreement.
  “I think I’ll take a little walk and get some fresh air.” Tori said. 
  All this analyzing and fear of the unknown was getting her nowhere.
  “I’ll be back in a little while.”
  “Okay. I’m going to hop in the shower and get situated to head out.”
  Grabbing her sweater, Tori headed out the front door into the crisp October morning air. It was chilly but not uncomfortable. The wind blew leaves lightly across the yard as she made her way around the house up a familiar path to one of her favorite spots, an oak tree that sat on a small hill in between the Winslow and Morgan properties. 
  The tree stood tall and proud like an extension of Mother Nature overseeing the land, it’s branches widespread but baron of leaves.
  She sat down and leaned back against the large trunk.
  Really it was her and Kevin’s favorite spot. They had spent many an hour under this tree from pigtails to puberty. Their initials were actually carved on the tree. They had left their marks when they had been-oh when was it- around ten she thought.
  The opportunity for them to really sit down and catch up had not presented itself since she had come home. So much had happened in a week’s time. Had it really only been a week since she came up the drive to the Morgan’s home? She chuckled. She was still having trouble processing all that had happened when she heard leaves rustling and crunching under someone’s feet.
  She looked up and saw – speak of the devil – Kevin coming up the hill towards her.
  “Good Morning!” he greeted her as he reached the top of the hill and sat down beside her. “Fancy meeting you here.”
  “Likewise, although there was a time if people were looking for us, this is where they started.” Tori responded reminiscing. 
  Kevin smiled in return. “Doesn’t seem like it’s been six years since we sat here pledging never to lose sight of our friendship as we went our separate ways into dreaded adulthood.” he said as he shuddered.
  “I think we’ve done a pretty good job of keeping that promise, don’t you?” he asked as he clasped her hand and gave it a friendly squeeze.
  It was normal for Kevin to grab her hand, wrestle with her, give her a piggy-back ride or whatever the mood struck. It had never been awkward until this moment. 
  His tone held something different in it than usual. She looked up at his face to try and read what he wasn’t saying.
  “I know we have.” answered Tori.
  ‘We have always shared pretty much everything with each other, haven’t we?”
  Tori answered “Yes…”
  “Everything except how you really feel about my big brother.” Kevin said and lifted Tori’s chin with his index finger as she had looked down at her feet at his comment.
  “I have one question.” he continued. “Why not? Why didn’t you feel you could  share your feelings for Drue with me? Did you think I’d have an issue with it?” 
  Tori wasn’t sure how to explain it to Kevin so that he would understand.
  “I’ve had different feelings for Drue back further than I can remember.” Tori explained. “At first I was embarrassed, a young girl with a crush. Then it grew into more, and I didn’t know what to do. He didn’t seem to see me as more than your annoying little friend who was always around, so when I turned 18, I decided to do something about it.”
  Kevin waited patiently for the rest of the story.
  “Needless to say it didn’t go well. From that night on, I vowed to bury my feelings for Drue and move on with my life. I thought I had, but I guess that was only because I hadn’t been here very much to test that.”
  Tori laughed and shook her head.
  “It’s crazy really. It was like a lightning bolt struck when I came home and ran into Drue, thinking it was you. Feelings that I thought were long gone forged to the surface not to be denied. The even crazier thing is he feels the same way.”
  She looked at Kevin and worried how he would respond.
  “I was embarrassed at first, then I just wanted to forget. Now I’m feeling happier than I ever have and scared to death of how it may or may not end up.”
  She waited for his response. What she would do if Kevin didn’t forgive her for not sharing with him, she didn’t know. He just had to.
  “First of all I already knew you had feelings for him. I just didn’t realize how deep. I know you to well, remember? I even know you’re still a virgin, unless that changed last night.” Tori gasped in surprise at his statement and punched him in the arm.
  “Didn’t think so. Secondly, I know my brother. He’s wired differently than me and certainly more cautious even if what he wants is right in front of him.”
  Suddenly he flipped Tori on her back and lay across her chest playfully pinning her to the ground.
  “Lastly, I love you like a sister. You are already part of my family. There is nothing that would make me happier than for that to become a reality, so go make it happen and if you need help with my sometimes block-headed brother, just let me know.”
  He kissed her forehead and hugged her. Tears filled her eyes as happiness overwhelmed her. 
  “Now can we move on? This is old news already.” He teased as he helped her stand.
  “Mom said to be ready for church at ten o’clock on the dot. We’ll pick you up. Don’t be late or you’ll know the wrath of Claire Morgan.”
  Tori smiled remembering how Mrs. Morgan had so easily kept them in line for so many years growing up.
  “Is Katy coming with you?” Drue asked.
  “No, she decided to head out early to hopefully beat traffic this afternoon.”
  “That’s too bad. We had a really good time last night. Tell her I said goodbye.”
  Tori thought she picked up something in Kevin’s voice when he asked about Katy, something a little more than general curiosity.
  “Something happen between the two of you last night?” Tori asked.
  “What? No! We just had a lot of fun that’s all.” Kevin replied defensively.
  “Hmmm. Me thinks thou doth protest too much.” She teased and ran down the hill as he reached out for her.
  “See you at ten.” Tori headed home to get ready for church service. It would be great to see so many of her friends in town.
  Tori didn’t know that Drue had witnessed the entire scene with her and Kevin from afar as he had exited the tool shed and saw Kevin climbing the hill to her.
  His gut was clenched with jealously as he watched Kevin holding her hand. He had almost climbed the hill when he saw Kevin flip her over and lay atop her. When he had kissed her forehead
 that had just about been his undoing. He didn’t want any other man touching her even if it was his brother. 
  He knew they were best friends, but dammit, that was his woman. 
  He was cleaning his hands as Kevin rounded the vehicles beside the tool shed.
  “Hey, big brother. You better get cleaned up for church. You know what happens when we are late. You’ll end up on the black list with Mom.” he told Drue.
  “Looks like you weren’t too worried about being late up on the hill a few minutes ago.” he answered sarcastically.
  Kevin stopped midstride and turned to face Drue.
  Frowning he said, “You’ve never been one to mince words, so spit it out if you’ve got something to say.”
  “Just looked to me like you were nice and cozy up there under that tree with Victoria.” he grunted.
  “Oh, so that’s what this is about.” Kevin shook his head. “I can see why you might want to be all possessive of someone like Tori, but let’s not forget that she has been my best friend a lot longer than she has been your…” he hesitated and questioned his brother. “Just what is she to you exactly, bro?”
  Drue’s back went rigid first at Kevin’s words then at his question.
  “That’s none of your damn business.”
  “I’ve always made it my business to know what’s going on with Tori, and you know that. Not going to change just because you’ve decided to take a liking to her.”
  Kevin stood his ground ready to hash this out with his brother.
  “Like?” Drue said incredibly. “You think what I feel for Victoria can be classified as ‘like’? You’re not in the same ball park. Hell, you’re not even in the same state.” he finished bracingly.
  Kevin had lifted his eyebrows in surprise during his brother’s heated torrent.
  “Wow! So that’s how it is, huh? I had no idea you felt that way about Tori.” He shook his head in disbelief.
  “Does she know how you feel?” he asked.
  Taking a deep breath, Drue confessed “Yes, she does. We talked last night. I don’t know what it means, where it will go. I only know I want Victoria in my life.”
  Kevin smiled at his brother.
  “Word of advice. Stop acting like such a knucklehead, and you might have a shot of making that happen.” he teased. “Now come on, or we are both in danger of being late.”



Chapter Fourteen

  The little brick church that Tori, Drue and Kevin had all been baptized in sat in the middle of town surrounded by trees that flanked all sides standing tall as if guarding the saints within. It’s stain glass windows gleamed in the bright October sunlight.
  Tori had ridden in the truck with the Morgans per Mrs. Morgan’s insistence, which made for close quarters in the back of the extended cab. It was the first contact she had made with Drue since last night’s confession of love, and she felt a little uncertain as to how to act.
  Drue had never been one for public displays of affection, not even as a teen. So when he reached over and clasped her hand as she exited the truck and continued to hold her hand as they walked into church, she was speechless. He gave her hand a reassuring squeeze as if he knew she was uncertain and smiled.
  How did one simple gesture flood her with warmth? It wasn’t the smile really but what she saw reflected in his eyes when he looked at her.
  Yes, he wanted her but she could also see the love there too. It still amazed her.
  Walking into the church, Tori was greeted by numerous individuals asking how she was doing and how sorry they were about her grandmother.
  This small town community could be claustrophobic at times, but they were a tight-knit group that was a strong support system. They took care of their own, which was a far cry from life in Chicago. As crazy as it was she enjoyed the hustle of the city, but she would always look forward to the relaxed pace of home.
  Pastor Adams welcomed her home with a generous hug. She had grown up in this church, had been baptized here and one day she hoped to be married here.
  She looked up at Drue as the thought crossed her mind. Would their relationship develop into a lasting love of a lifetime? She knew how she felt, but where Drue’s thoughts were was anyone’s guess. Time would tell. She also knew that having a long distance relationship would not be easy, but if they truly loved one another, they would figure out how to make it work.
  Ironically Pastor Adam’s sermon focused on putting our faith in God’s plan and not our own. Tori laughed to herself as the Lord and her both knew that patience was not her strongest virtue. When she wanted something, she usually went after it. Too much was on the line to push forward fast and furiously.
  ‘Patience’ she chanted to herself.
  When the service ended and thye stood, Drue placed his arm around Tori’s waist and walked with her through the progression line outside. She didn’t fail to notice the several curious glances that came their way. By dinnertime all of Oak Creek would know that Drue Morgan had staked a claim to little Tori Winslow.
  As they came down the church steps walking toward the truck she leaned close and said, “You do realize that all of Oak Creek will be discussing your public display of affection before dinner tonight, right?”
  Drue chuckled and replied, “That was my intent. The grapevine network will have done their job, so that come the festival dance, I won’t have to fight every eligible bachelor off.” He stopped and turned to her as they approached the vehicle.
  “There will be no mistaking the fact that you are mine.” he told her possessively and leaned down to brush a kiss against her cheek.
  A shiver of pleasure ran down Tori’s spine at his words and his touch.  
  The possessiveness in his words could have set Tori off if it weren’t for the sincerity attached to them.   He made her feel not only loved but protected. She didn’t feel so alone when he cocooned her in his arms and his words as he just had.
  Kevin came up behind them and jumped in the middle interrupting. “Who’s up for burgers at Rosie’s?”
  His mom and dad followed and Mr. Morgan piped in, “That sounds like a fine plan to me. How about you, Mother?” he questioned his wife.
  “You won’t hear me argue about not having to cook.” she teased.
  “Oh, does Rosie still have the best hot fudge sundae in town?” Tori asked licking her lips hopefully.
  “Well, technically she’s the only place with hot fudge sundaes, but they are still the best.” answered Kevin jokingly.
  “Sounds great to me.” Tori replied as Drue gave his consent as well.
  They drove the few blocks to Rosie’s Café and filtered in. A flaming redhead behind the counter waved as they came through the door. The café was a fifties-style diner with a full-length counter and bar stools, booths and soda fountain to boot.
  The red and white shiny seat cushions and black and white tiled floors put you in a good mood the moment you walked in.
  As they sat down at a table toward the back, the red-head came toward them with menus.
  “Well if it isn’t sweet little Tori Winslow.” she began as she placed menus in front of them. “How are you, sweetheart?” 
  “I’m doing okay, Rosie.” Tori replied. “I’ll be even better after I have one of your sundaes.”
  “You bet, honey.” She continued. “We sure are sorry about your grandma. She was a good woman.”
  “Thank you, Rosie. I miss her too.”
  “Okay, I can hear those stomachs growling, so what will it be?” 
  “Cheeseburger with lettuce, tomato and mayo for me.” Tori said. “Give Kevin my coleslaw.” She shuddered at the thought. She never had liked coleslaw.
  “Give me the same but make it a double.” Drue chimed in.
  They finished their orders and waited for their food.
  “I can’t believe next weekend is the fall festival dance.” Mrs. Morgan said. “We have a meeting tomorrow night at the house to go over the checklist and make sure we have everything we need. You all need to be there at 7:30 sharp.”
  Kevin and Drue both groaned aloud. “Yeah.” Kevin said unenthusiastically.
  “I’m so glad I will be here for the festival this year.” Tori shared. “Missing it last year because of work was a real bummer. It’s always been one of my favorite events.”
  “Did the boys remind you about getting a costume for the party?” Mrs. Morgan asked. “You’ll need to figure out what costume to wear. We are all dressing up.”
  “I was going into Hartford Tuesday to pick out mine at the costume shop.” Kevin told Tori. “You can go with me to pick out yours. Maybe we can find Yin and Yan costumes together.”
  “That would be great!” Tori answered excited. “ I love costume parties.”
  Drue shifted in his seat. He hated that it got under his skin at the thought of Kevin and Tori spending time alone. It had irritated him before, he just hadn’t been willing to admit to the true reason of why it bothered him. 
  Now that their relationship was moving forward and he could be honest with himself and her – for the most part- he was finding himself to be territorial where she was concerned. Never had he experienced such possessive tendencies toward a woman until now. He might as well don a loin cloth for the costume party and beat on his chest like Tarzan.
  “You up for a roadtrip to Hartford?” Kevin asked Drue.
  “I can’t Tuesday.” he replied. “I have a feed supplier coming in for a meeting.”
   Tori thought Drue looked irritated, but she couldn’t think of a reason why he would be.
  Lunch had been a pleasurable event, especially talking about the upcoming festival.
  “Don’t worry.” Kevin told his brother. “We can pick out your costume for you.” he said as he wriggled his eyebrows mischievously.
  Drue laughed at the thought. “How about Victoria picks it out, and it needs to cover my entire body, not just parts of it this time.”
  Last year Kevin had picked out his costume. He had come home with what looked like no more than part of a bed sheet and told him it was a Greek God costume. It had only covered half of his body if that.
He’d felt like a piece of meat on display at the butcher shop.
  “I’ll take care of you, not to worry.” Kevin finished.
  “That’s what I’m afraid of.” Drue answered as Rosie brought their sundaes out.
  “Oh, I have been looking forward to this.” Tori said longingly as she scooped up the vanilla ice cream drenched in hot fudge.
  She placed the entire spoon in her mouth and licked the ice cream off. Drue became hard instantly. Jesus, how could something so innocent have such an effect on him and with his parents right across the table?
  “Get a grip!” he told his over-active libido.
  Just then Tori turned to him, her spoon offered up to him.
  “Do you want a bite?” she asked him innocently.
  He swallowed and cleared his throat. “No, I’m good.”
  “Your loss. My gain, just hopefully not too much of a gain.” she laughingly commented.
  “Drue Morgan, where have you been hiding yourself?” asked an approaching busty blonde with curves Tori could only dream about.
  She came up behind Drue’s chair and wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed his cheek.
Tori saw Drue roll his eyes and give his brother a look. 
  “Jill, I’ve been working. How are you?” he replied uncomfortably shifting in his seat.
  “Jill Thompson” thought Tori. She recognized her now from school. She had graduated with Drue.
  “I thought maybe you fell off the face of the earth since I haven’t heard from you. It’s about time we did dinner and a movie again. Give me a call.” she finished and winked at him as she exited the diner.
  Drue looked over at Tori. “One date. That was it. It was enough.” 
  “Hey, you don’t have to explain to me.” Tori told him with a smirk. “You don’t hear me spilling the beans about all the men I dated in Chicago, do you?” she teased.
  He didn’t need to know that it had only been two men that had been really just friends more than anything. 
  “Men?” Drue and Kevin said at the same time?
  Tori couldn’t keep a straight face. She chuckled as she looked at their expressions. 
  Kevin was the first to respond. “I should have known. You almost had us there, Sprite.”
  Mr. and Mrs. Morgan joined in the laughter. 
  “Looks like you need to remember she can give as good as she gets, son.” Mr. Morgan said to Drue.
  Drue smiled at Tori knowingly. “I’m figuring that out pretty quickly, Dad.’
  Tori blushed. Time to change the subject.
  “This afternoon I’ve got a to do list left by Katy, and I also promised Mrs. Kincaid that I would box up clothing from some of the closets for the Salvation Army. She’s picking it up tomorrow.” Tori shared.
  “Who wants to help me this evening?” she asked as she looked to Drue and Kevin.
  “Don’t look at me. I’ve got a shed door that has to be fixed.” Kevin told her. “Looks like big brother will have to step up.”
  “I’ll come over after dinner and help you.” Drue replied.
  He was looking forward to some time to themselves. Although it was becoming more and more of a challenge not to try and rip her clothes off when they were alone. Lord, give him strength.



Chapter Fifteen

  Tori spent the afternoon on her laptop reviewing her contract proposal from her publisher. The bullet points looked pretty standard, but she was still going to have her attorney look it over just to be on the safe side.
  She was still in awe that all of this was coming to fruition. All her life she had dreamed of writing. Now that dream was coming true. She smiled sadly and glanced over at the living room fireplace mantle. From her spot on the floor sitting at the coffee table it looked like the photographs of her grandparents were smiling down on her.
  “I so wish the two of you were here to share this with me.” she said aloud. Even though they were not, she knew they would have been proud of her.
  Life was changing rapidly. So much had happened in the last month. Out of the ashes of heartbreak at the loss of her grandmother had come joy and love in the form of her book being published as well as coming back to Drue.
  Thinking of him brought a smile to her face. Excitement stirred in her belly realizing they would have the house to themselves. There hadn’t been a lot of that in the last week. Whether it was family dinners, church or the fair, someone had always been with them. On the few occasions they had been alone things had heated up.
  She tingled all over remembering the ride home from the fair. That man made her hotter than a leather car seat in Phoenix in mid-July. He did more than make her temperature rise. He made her feel loved.  The way he would caress her cheek when he was sharing something,  or the way he treated her like porcelain that might break when she had injured her hand. The way he worked so hard on the farm to help his family continue to be successful in times that were so difficult. He was a man of honor, integrity and sincerity.
  He made her feel good inside and out. Something like this was worth fighting for no matter how difficult it might be.
  She looked at the clock. Dusk was settling in. It wouldn’t be long before Drue would be there. Tori decided to take a quick soak in the tub to relax before he did arrive.

  Drue had knocked before he entered but didn’t hear any response. When he came into the hallway he looked to his right expecting to see her in the living room, but there was no sign of her. He headed down the entryway hall toward the kitchen. Not in there either. He called out again.
  No answer. Growing a little concerned, he went back the way he came and headed up the stairs to the bedrooms. Maybe she had decided to take a nap. He would enjoy waking her up, he thought to himself.
  He came to the top of the landing and headed for her bedroom, which was the second door on the right. As he opened the bedroom door, he called out her name again. Not only was there no answer, but there was no Victoria either. 
  “Where in the world is she?” he asked himself aloud.
  Just then he thought he heard something coming from the bathroom. The door was slightly ajar.
  He froze in his tracks as he opened the door and found Victoria naked in the bathtub covered sporadically by fading bubbles. Her nipples peaked out of the water teasing his senses as his breath caught in his chest.
  He realized the reason she hadn’t answered him was because she was wearing headphones listening to music.
  God she was beautiful. The best thing for him to do would be to turn around and wait for her to get out of the bathtub on her own, but he couldn’t look away. As he waged the inner battle with his conscience,   Tori opened her eyes and caught sight of him in her peripheral vision.
  She screamed, startled to find him standing there.
  Water sloshed over the top of the tub as she scrambled to a sitting position, covering herself with her hands.
  “Drue!” she screeched. “What are you doing in here?” her breaths coming in short gasps. “You nearly scared me half to death.”
  Silence met her words as Drue continued to stare. Slowly he walked to the stand beside the claw foot tub and picked up a bath towel.
  Without saying a word, he turned to her and held out his hand.
  Tori knew that if she took his hand, this could turn into a very precarious situation. Was she prepared to handle what she knew might come next?
  The deep green of his darkened gaze told her he was aroused. Her nipples hardened as he continued to watch her, waiting for her response.
  Tori knew there was no going back if she took his hand. Slowly she lifted herself out of the water and stood before him open to his full scrutiny. He drank her in with his eyes roaming from her wet wavy auburn hair flowing down her back to the matching patch of color between her legs.
  She couldn’t help blushing. No man had ever seen her nude before. Although she was embarrassed, she wasn’t uncomfortable with Drue. She was just afraid of the unknown.
  Reaching out to take his hand, she grasped his tightly. He closed the distance between them, wrapping the towel around her now heated body. The goose bumps running down her flesh were not because she was cold but because of her awareness of him.
  Rubbing his hands up and down her body helping her dry herself off, heat spread.
  His breath brushed her neck as he leaned in closer to dry her back.
  He stroked her body through the towel with such reverence, gently massaging and caressing her. The tingling spread from her scalp to her toes.
  Wrapping the towel around her, he gently pulled her to him. Her hands holding on to the towel were trapped between them against his chest.
  “I’ve never seen anything more beautiful.” Drue finally whispered as he lowered his lips to hers.
  The kiss was tender as his lips moved against hers. Her heart racing no longer had anything to do with being startled. Her adrenaline sped through her system.
  “When I couldn’t find you downstairs, I thought that maybe you had fallen asleep.” Drue explained as he set her away from him. “I never imagined I would have walked in here to find you…” he didn’t finish the statement. He just looked at her with such emotion in his expression that Tori felt her knees grow weak.
  “I’ll wait for you downstairs.” he told her gruffly.
  As he left the bathroom Tori was undecided. Several thoughts entered her mind. He had been so caring and gentle when he had helped her out of the bath tub. She had felt loved. He made her feel loved.
  She didn’t want this to be a moment where she regretted not taking the chance while it was there. She didn’t want him to leave. She wanted him to stay. She had never been more certain of anything.
  As Drue walked into her bedroom and headed toward the door, Tori followed.
  Standing at the side of her bed, she called to him.
  “Drue.” Her voice was heavy with desire. “Don’t go.”
  As he turned back toward her, she let the towel slowly drop to the floor. She really had no idea what she was doing, as she had never done this before. Expecting to be completely uncomfortable when the time came, she was amazed at how natural it felt to be standing here completed naked emotionally and physically. She needed him. 
  He took a steadying breath. “Victoria, a man only has so much will power, and where you are concerned mine is thread thin.”
  She smiled at him then, loving the thought that he wanted her that much.




Chapter Sixteen

   Closing the distance between them she walked across the carpeted floor to him. Her arms wrapped around his neck.
  “I’m attempting to do the right thing here, but you are making it damn near impossible.”
  Standing on tip-toes, she placed a feather-light kiss to his lips. She felt almost brazen standing in front of him completely bare, but she didn’t care. Loving him for so many years and finally being able to show him her love was an opportunity she would not overlook. Even if it turned out to be just this one night together, she would cherish it forever.
  His hands surrounded her, caressing her shoulders and sliding down her back as he deepened the kiss. He drank her sweetness in as his tongue tangled with hers. Moaning she arched into him. He trailed kisses down her neck and earlobe before returning to her lips.
  Tori felt the need building inside her. 
  Drue broke the kiss and stepped back, but his hands rested atop her shoulders steadying her. He looked her body over from head to toe, his eyes coming back up to meet hers.
  “Victoria, are you sure about this?” he asked seriously. “There’s no going back, so if you have any doubt speak up now while I still have a semblance of sanity left.”
  Touching his check she said “I’ve never been surer of anything than I am right this moment with you.”
  That was all the acceptance he needed. He scooped Tori into his arms and carried her the short distance to the bed. He lay her gently down and sat next to her to remove his boots.
  Unbuttoning his shirt and pants he stood to remove them and laid them on the chest at the end of the bed. His boxers were all that remained to reveal him to her completely.
  “Boxers, huh?” Tori commented. “I would have taken you more for a briefs man.” she teased but all joking left her as he slowly pulled down his briefs and stood fully erect in front of her.
  She stared shamelessly. He was an Adonis, his legs muscular from working hard on the farm, his abdomen toned by the endless hours of labor. 
  He came to her then sliding up the length of the bed. Raining kisses up her legs, the inside of her thigh, across her stomach.
  Tension built inside of Tori. She withered beneath him unconsciously communicating her need for him.
  His attentions turned to her breasts his tongue teasing her nipples while cupping her. Sensations she had never felt before shot to her core.
  He traveled further up her body nuzzling her neck and then her mouth once again.
  “Your skin is like satin and your scent is intoxicating like being in a field of wildflowers.” he groaned.
  He rose up on his elbow to look into her passion-flushed face.
  Still unsure but knowing it would be the most difficult thing he’d ever done besides walking away from her six years ago, he asked again.
  “Honey, I want you more than anything, but are you certain you’re ready for this?”
  “Drue” she almost whispered “love me. Please just love me.”
  He kissed her passionately their tongues dancing in and out of each other’s mouths. He reached for a foil packet he had placed on the nightstand taken from his wallet.
  Tori reached for his hand to stop him as he went to tear it open.
  “I don’t want anything between us. I want to feel you when you make me yours for the first time. My first time.” She said quietly. “I’m protected.”
  Drue felt a thrill slide through him. Her first time? She was still a virgin? He knew Victoria didn’t date a lot of different men and had never really seemed to be serious about anyone yet, but she had been at university. He just assumed…the thought that he was truly making her his caused such a protective and possessive feeling to come over him that he stilled.
  He looked into her wide eyes, seeing her uncertainty along with her desire for him, but he also saw the love shining from her eyes. 
  Placing the packet back on the table he turned back to her.
  This woman was a gift he had been offered a second chance to be with. He was still in awe that she was here with him. 
  “Love me Drue.” she said again as she wrapped her legs around his waist feeling his length against her.
  “I intend to, honey. Forever.” he said as he slowly entered her. He felt her resistance as he broke through. He hated the thought of hurting her and held her tightly.
  He felt her tense beneath him. 
  Tori felt the sharp pain shoot through he,r but it wasn’t unbearable. He was so large inside her. He completely filled her as if they were now one - two halves of a whole joining together. 
  “Breathe, sweetheart. It won’t hurt like that again.” he kissed her softly wishing he could take away her pain.
  He moved slightly pulling back and entering her again. As he did pleasure coursed through Tori. She lifted her hips to him wanting him completely.
  As he took her breast into his mouth her pleasure intensified. Pressure built inside her. His strokes increased causing the crescendo of pleasure to grow. Then her world exploded around her, rocking her to her core and Drue followed her over the cliff of passionate release.
  Their breathing labored and their bodies flushed with beads of sweat, Drue shifted to one side and slid her against him.
  He was caressing her hair as he asked “Are you alright?”
  She smiled as she thought how to answer that. Feeling drugged with pleasure, she turned her face to him.
  “I never imagined…well of course I’ve imagined, but the reality of being loved by you far surpasses what my imagination had created. You are an amazing man, Drue Morgan.” she whispered and kissed his cheek.
  The vice twisting his gut had guilt seeping in, placing a shadow over what he had just done.
  She read the emotions crossing his face and sat up on one elbow.
  “Please tell me it isn’t guilt that I see flashing across your face.” 
  “I should not have…”
  She interrupted him. “You shouldn’t have what? Loved me? Because that’s what you just did, or at least that’s how it felt to me.”
  Sitting up and pulling the sheet with her to cover herself, she continued.
  “Or was this a get it out of your system, now we can move on incident that - ”
  He shot to a sitting position anger reddening his complexion.
  “Hell no it wasn’t, and you know it.”
  She smiled knowingly at him then and placed her hand on his cheek.
  “I know that. I just wanted to make sure you admitted it to yourself as well. What we have is very special. Don’t ruin this moment by bringing regret into it.”
  She wrapped the sheet around her as she stood.
  “Now I’m going to take a quick shower. Then after that I’ll fix us a snack while you jump in the shower, okay?” 
  She left him lying on the bed with a slight frown puckering his forehead.
  He watched her walk into the bathroom, her beautiful dark hair trailing down her back. 
  He sat back on the pillows and scrubbed his hand down his face. 
  The strangest feeling had come over him. Underneath the trepidation and guilt of taking Tori, he felt different. He wasn’t sure how to describe it to himself. It was like something had clicked into place that had been missing; that he didn’t even know had been missing. He felt…complete.
  He loved this woman and had no intention of letting her go. The question was how did he convince her to stay?

  The shower cooled Tori’s heated skin. Her head leaned against the side of the shower wall as her mind raced. Her body still tingled from the sensations still lingering. 
  Not only was he a strong, generous and caring man, but he was protective, possessive and she could now add amazing lover to the list.
  She had given herself freely and without regret. She had waited twenty-four years for this moment, and it had been worth the wait. No matter what the future held, her heart belonged to him. 
  Coming out of the bathroom she stood in a t-shirt and cotton shorts. “Bathroom is all yours. Towels are in the cabinet on the right.”
  She brushed a quick kiss to his lips and jumped back when he started to pull her close.
  “I’ll see you downstairs.” she said as she walked out the bedroom door.



Chapter Seventeen

  As Drue came down the stairs he heard Tori in the kitchen humming to the radio. Lady A streamed through the airwaves as she busied herself at the stove.
  Her long grey t-shirt with the UofA printed on the front came down to just above her knees, hiding her shorts. It gave the false impression that was all she had on.
  He was always struck by her natural beauty and how she seemed so unaware of it. 
  Walking up behind her, he brushed her hair from her neck, gently placing a kiss just below her ear.
  “Hi.” was all she said as she leaned back against him.
  “Something smells good.” he said, peeking over her shoulder at the pan on the stove.
  “I was hungrier than I thought, so I threw together an omelet. Ham, cheese, onions and peppers okay with you?”
  “Have you ever known me to turn down food of any kind?” he teased.
  “Hand me two plates from the cabinet on your left.”
  He retrieved the plates and watched as she served up the omelets. 
  Her hair was still damp and wavy from her shower, and her scent still drove him crazy.
  His hormones were reacting like a randy teenager, but he didn’t care. Now that he had her, he wouldn’t let her go. He would never get enough of her.
  Placing their plates on the kitchen table, she went back to the cabinet to collect two coffee mugs.
  “Straight up for you?” she asked as placed the mug under the coffeepot dispenser.
  She was surprised when she felt him behind her again. He placed his arms around her waist and nibbled her ear.
  “Yes, I think I could take you straight up, Victoria.” he said against her ear.
  “Do you have any idea how intoxicating you are?” he growled.
  She turned in his arms as his mouth covered hers. His tongue invaded and dueled with hers. His hands cupped her bottom, lifting her to the countertop. Her legs wrapped around his waist as he continued to plunder her mouth.
  Breaking away to catch a breath, Tori chuckled.
  With her forehead against his she asked “What is it with us and kitchens?”
  Drue’s laughter joined hers just as the backdoor opened and Kevin walked in.
  “Knock! Knock!” he hollered and came to an abrupt stop as he saw Tori sitting on the counter wrapped around Drue with his brother’s arms locking her in an embrace.
  “Oh, hey! Didn’t mean to interrupt…” he started.
  A blush crept up Tori’s neck and spread all the way to her ears. 
  She untangled herself from Drue and he stepped back, helping her down from the countertop.
  “Then why are you here?” asked Drue annoyed.
  “Mom sent me over to see if you guys needed any help with boxing things up for the Salvation Army, but it looks like you got sidetracked.” he teased them.
  Tori felt like Kevin could see right through her as if she was wearing a flashing sign that said “Your brother and I just did the nasty” as they used to call it when they were in high school.
  She could assure him there was nothing nasty about it. That thought made her giggle.
  Kevin looked at her knowingly.
  “So what have you two been up to?” he asked watching his brother’s face convey his agitation. 
  “None of your da-’’ Drue started to reply until Tori cut in.
  “We were just sitting down to have a late snack. Would you like to join us?” Tori asked.
  “Hey, when have I ever turned down food?” Kevin said eagerly.
  “Never.” Tori said laughingly. “Guess the apples don’t fall far from the tree.” she said smiling at Drue.
  Tori retrieved another plate from the cabinet and served up an omelet for Kevin.
  Placing the plate in front of him at the kitchen table she asked “Coffee?”
  “Absolutely.”
  She didn’t have to ask him how he drank his. She already knew he took his black. He didn’t agree with her tastes in “frilly” coffees as he put it.
  Drue watched Kevin and Tori as they interacted. It struck him again how easy and comfortable they were together. Not like the tension that existed between he and Victoria. Maybe now that they had taken the next step in their relationship some of that tension would diminish. 
  Who was he kidding? Just being near her made him feel as tightly strung as a guitar string.
  Tori felt Drue’s tension from across the table. She looked at him questioningly, but he gave nothing away.
  Was he berating himself for what happened earlier? Did he regret their lovemaking? She prayed that he didn’t. Knowing Drue, he was feeling like he’d taken advantage of her and that went completely against his grain. She knew he’d wanted to make love to her, but that wouldn’t deter him from feeling guilty. 
  Just then he looked up at her from his coffee and caught her staring at him.
  A slow smile crossed his face as he stared back, both looking at each other as if they could crawl inside. The thought sent delicious shivers down her spine.
  Drue noticed. His smile widened. 
  “Don’t you have somewhere other than here to be, little brother?” Drue questioned Kevin.
  Kevin had just laid his fork down and finished his coffee.
  “Not really. I could go for…” he hesitated as he saw the look of irritation directed at him from his brother.
  It was a get lost kind of look.
  “Uh, actually I do have some things I need to do at the house after all.”
  He stood and took his plate and cup to the dishwasher. 
  Tori stood with him.
  He gave her a hug and a kiss to her cheek.
  “Thanks for the grub. I’ll talk to you tomorrow.” he said.
  As he headed for the back door he turned to Drue grinning.
  “See ya later, bro. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.” and he shot out the door before Drue could come after him.
  Drue helped Tori clean up, and they moved to the living room.
  “Stay for a movie?” Tori asked.
  The clock on the mantle showed that it was just nine o’clock. He should probably head home, but he wasn’t ready to leave her.
  They still needed to discuss what had happened upstairs earlier.
  “I’ll stay, but I think we should talk first, Victoria.”
  She sat down on the sofa facing him, one leg drawn up underneath her.
  “What do you want to talk about?”
  “Don’t you think we should talk about what happened earlier between us?”
  She sighed. “What is there to talk about? We made love. It was beautiful. End of story.”
  Grasping his hands in hers, she looked him straight in the eyes. “Don’t over-analyze this. This doesn’t change anything.”
  When he started to interrupt her, she continued.
  “Well, if anything I feel closer to you now more than ever. Don’t put the wall back up between us.”
  He leaned in closer to her as he said “I don’t want anything between us.”
  Closing the distance she met him halfway as their lips locked.
  “Your kisses are just like potato chips. You can’t have just one.” She teased as she came back for another.
  He chuckled as his mouth sank into hers again.
  “Okay, movie time. You start a fire; I’ll set up the DVD.”
  As the slapstick comedy began to play, Tori cuddled up to Drue on the sofa, covering them with a soft fleece blanket.
  The room was cozy,  the only light coming from the television and the flickering of the fire.  They both stretched out on the sofa.
  Warmth seeped through Tori as she snuggled against Drue. His arms cradled her and their legs entwined, they both fell fast asleep.



Chapter Eighteen

  Her pillow felt so comfortable, Tori thought as she stirred, coming slowly awake. She stretched and felt something move against her.
  “Good Morning, Sleeping Beauty.”
  Tori’s eyes shot open. Drue. Her soft pillow was his chest. She sat up quickly giving herself a head rush. Soft light filtered through the curtains, but it was not yet fully daylight.
  “We fell asleep.” she said groggily. Drue was still stretched out on her sofa, his head resting on his arm.
  He had watched Tori peacefully sleeping for the past hour and then regretfully awaken in his arms. She had snuggled so sweetly to his side. Her nearness had felt so comfortable, so right. He hated for the moment to end.
  She took in a sharp breathe. “Oh my gosh! What are your parents going to say?” 
  Drue couldn’t help but laugh. He pushed himself upward and sat beside her.
  “I’m fairly certain they have realized I’m not at home, since it is half past six. I am usually the first one down for coffee at six o’clock.”
  “What in the world are you going to say to them?” 
  “Good Morning is usually a good place to start.” He teased.
  “How can you joke at a time like this?” she asked mortified. “How am I going to look your parents in the eye? You know what they will be thinking!” she exclaimed.
  “What they will be thinking will be true whether I had spent the night on your couch or not.” he said matter-of-factly.
  She buried her face in her hand, her elbows propped on her knees. 
  “This will be like the walk of shame home. Doesn’t that bother you?” she grumbled.
  “No, it won’t.” he said smiling. “I drove over here last night.”
  She groaned even louder at his statement.
  “You do realize that anyone that has passed by my house this morning will have seen your truck in my driveway. It will be on the front page of the newspaper that you spent the night.”
  He took Tori’s face in his hands and turned her so they were looking directly at one another.
  “I would not change one minute of what happened last night. Would you?”
  Her insides went completely soft at his words. She leaned into him and placed her head on his shoulder.
  “No, you know I wouldn’t either.” she answered softly.
  “Then no more nonsense about what everyone else will be thinking. Agreed?”
  “Agreed.”
  He drew back and looked at her still sleep-softened face. Pressing a light but meaningful kiss to her lips, he whispered against them “I’ve got to go. The crew will be waiting.”
  “I’ll see you tonight for the festival meeting at your house.” She replied.
  “That will make for a long day without being able to do this.” 
  He drew in a deeper kiss, his tongue running along her lower lip.
  She loved the tingles that coursed through her body at his touch. She shivered.
  “Isn’t absence supposed to make the heart grow fonder?” she teased.
  “Something like that. Gives us something to look forward to anyway.”
  “Alright. Go on. Get out of here. I’m already behind. Mrs. Kincaid will be here this afternoon to pick up boxes of clothing that I don’t even have in a box yet.”
  “We will talk tonight after the meeting.”
  He brushed one last kiss against her cheek and was gone.
  Saying I love you had been on the tip of her tongue, but she had held back. Neither one had professed their feelings verbally last night, more so expressed them with their actions. 
  Drue had not only made love to her physically but had made her feel loved emotionally without even saying the words.
  His gentle touch, the way he had been so careful with her and concerned had made her feel like a prized possession.
  The morning after awkwardness had never come. With the exception of realizing he had spent the night and facing his parents, waking up in his arms had been wonderful.
  Did you ever outgrow feeling like you’d been caught doing something you weren’t supposed to be doing even when you were an adult child? 
  That was an oxymoron, wasn’t it? She laughed to herself.
  Okay. Enough psychoanalysis. Time to get to work.

  Two hours into going through her grandparents’ closets and Tori was certain they were pack rats. Her grandmother had kept every card, art project and picture Tori had ever given her. Fifteen boxes were stacked in the corner marked Salvation Army ready for Mrs. Kincaid to pick up.
  Kleenex littered the closet floor as Tori had broken down several times as she had sorted through her grandmother’s belongings.
  She was sitting on the bedroom floor with a box of costume jewelry. A green and gold chain with a large diamond-shape green faux emerald hung around Tori’s neck. It had been one of her favorite necklaces as a child. 
  This box of jewelry had been in her grandmother’s bottom dresser drawer as Tori had been growing up. 
At age five she would play dress up and come into her grandmother’s room and put jewelry on that she kept in the bottom drawer for her. It was all costume jewelry that her grandmother had acquired over the years.
  Tori had felt like a special princess wearing the jewelry. 
  Tears spilled down her cheeks as the memories flooded her.
  Right at this moment she was grateful to her grandmother for hanging on to things. This box of jewelry held so many happy memories for Tori. 
  She placed the lid atop the box and put it safely back on the top shelf where she had discovered it.
  Just as she was wiping her eyes, the doorbell rang.
  Was it time for Mrs. Kincaid already? Glancing at the bedside clock Tori saw that it was indeed two o’clock.
  She opened the front door and welcomed Mrs. Kincaid in.
  A young man close to Tori’s age had accompanied her.
  “My dear, this is my nephew Jordan. He’s here visiting his mother this week and will attend the festival.   I recruited his help today to retrieve the boxes.”
  “Hi, Jordan. I’m Victoria.” He took her outstretched hand and held it for what Tori felt was just a few seconds too long.
  “It’s very nice to meet you. Actually we met a few times when we were kids, and I came to visit. You probably don’t remember.” he said.
  “No, I’m sorry. I don’t.” 
  He was good-looking if you liked blonde-haired, trying too hard, kind of slick-looking type of guy, which Tori did not. 
  “The boxes are right in here.”
  Her grandparents had moved their bedroom downstairs several years ago to avoid climbing the stairs. This room had served as a den growing up.
   Jordan began carrying the boxes out to Mrs. Kincaid’s truck. Mrs. Kincaid noticed the tissues on the floor and Tori’s puffy red eyes.
  “I know how difficult this must be for you. You know we are all here to support you if you need anything through this transition. All you have to do is ask.”
  “I appreciate that. That’s one of the many benefits of living in a small town. The community support in time of need is amazing. Everyone has been so wonderful.”
  “Just know that with your donation today that you will be helping a number of people at the Town Community Center and the Shady Groves Convalescent Home.”
  “I know that would have pleased my grandmother.”
  She had always helped those in need. Whether it was serving food at the soup kitchen during the holidays or volunteering at the senior center during the week, she had always been involved in helping people.
  “That was the last box.” Jordan said as he came back in the room.
  “Can I offer you both some tea?” Tori asked as they exited the bedroom.
  “No, my dear, thank you. We need to get these boxes dropped off, and we have one more pick up to make first.”
  Mrs. Kincaid headed for the front door, but Jordan held back.
  “I hope you will save me a dance at the festival.” he commented to her as he paused in the entryway.
  “I believe Ms. Winslow’s dance card is already filled.” came a gruff reply from the kitchen doorway.
  Tori jumped in surprise turning around to look as Drue stood a few feet behind them.
  “What it is with you and Kevin trying to give me a heart attack sneaking up on me?” she laughed.
  She walked over to greet him, and he pulled her to him for an over-the-top kiss hello.
  Breathless Tori said, “Well hello to you too.”
  Drue kept his arm around her waist as he looked down the hallway at Jordan Kincaid.
  “Jordan.” he greeted the man, his eye contact making sure he sent the message that Victoria was not only taken but belonged to him.
  “Drue. Good to see you.” He nodded his head in silent acknowledgement to the message Drue was sending and swiftly followed his aunt to the front door.
  He certainly didn’t lack self-confidence Tori thought to herself. You had to give the guy credit for that at least.
  Mrs. Kincaid hugged Tori and thanked her again.
  “We will see you Saturday at the festival.”
  Tori watched from the front porch as they drove off. When they had turned out of the driveway she turned to Drue who stood beside her.
  “I didn’t expect to see you this afternoon. To what do I owe the pleasure of this surprise?” she looped her arm around his waist as they walked back into the house. 
  “I was having withdrawals, so I decided to come over to get a quick fix.” 
  He suddenly pushed her up against the hall wall his hands on her hips and his mouth on hers. He was aggressive, his need pouring from his kiss. His grip tightened on her thighs as he pulled her closer. 
  It was over as quickly as it had started, but it had been a complete assault to her senses. 
  “I think that will hold me until dinner. We’ll have to see.”
  Lord the man could kiss her socks off in thirty seconds flat and make her weak in the knees.
  Dirt streaked down the side of his left cheek and his stubble had grazed her cheek. He looked rugged, and she loved it.
  His expressed need to see her filled her with such happiness, she almost bubbled with it.
  “What if it doesn’t hold me?” she asked sassily.
  “Then I guess you’ll have to hightail it over to the farm and hunt me down for your fix.”
  He kissed her forehead.
  “I just wanted to check in and make sure you were doing alright. I know this is hard for you.”
  He brushed a loose hair that had escaped her braid behind her ear.
  “It has been a difficult morning, but I’m okay. It had to be done.” she answered sadly.
  “I ran across some wonderful memories during the process. That part has been really nice. My grandmother kept everything I think.” 
  She laughed as she shared with him some of the keepsakes she had found in the closets.
  “Well, I need to get back, but do me a favor.” he said.
  “Anything.”
  “If slick comes sniffing around you again, tell him to get lost before I do.”
  With that comment he winked at her and scooted out the back door.



Chapter Nineteen

  The Morgan’s driveway was full of cars when Tori pulled in that evening. She was certain that half the town had shown up to help make sure the festival was a success. It was the highlight of the year.
  She parked in the back near the barn to accommodate room for others to continue parking. 
Grabbing the cupcakes she had baked earlier, she scrambled from her car and went in through the back door.
  The noise hit her as soon as she walked in. Several people were in the kitchen to greet her as she sat the cupcakes down. Trays were being loaded up with baked goods and finger foods to feed an army it looked like.
  As she walked through the dining room she had to sidestep as a brown-haired little boy chased after a brown-haired female version of himself.
  “I’m sorry” said a frazzled looking woman as she followed close behind the two. “There aren’t enough vitamins available for me to be able to keep up with those two monkeys.” she said as she flashed by in hot pursuit.
  Chatter filled the Morgan house as people were still filtering in. The men had cornered themselves off in the family room with talk of the market, feed prices and fall crops.
  If the women weren’t in the kitchen filling up plates to set out, they were in various groups catching up on town news.
  She saw Mrs. Morgan bent over a sour-looking Mrs. Parker, trying to appease her. If Mrs. Parker wasn’t the center of attention she wasn’t happy. She didn’t envy Mrs. Morgan.
  Her eyes searched for a certain Morgan family member, but she hadn’t located Drue as of yet. 
Just then she was grabbed around the waist and hugged from behind.
  “Where have you been? I have missed you!” Kevin whispered in her ear.
  She laughed good-naturedly with her friend. He always knew how to make her smile.
  “Making your favorite cupcakes for one thing.”
  “Carrot cake?” he hoped.
  “Is there any other kind worth making?” she teased him.
  “I knew I should have married you a long time ago.” he said mock seriously. “Now where are my cupcakes?”
  Kevin walked off toward the kitchen on a hunt.
  Drue had just come in the room when he heard Kevin make the marriage comment to Tori.
It felt like someone had kicked him in the gut. In his heart he knew Kevin had only been kidding, but his mind was playing some crazy games with his common sense. 
  He didn’t feel very sensible right now, not after watching Kevin wrap his arms around his woman, whisper something in her ear and then tell her he should have married her.
That’s what everyone else was wondering too, weren’t they? Hell, so had he just a few short weeks ago.
  They didn’t know what he did. They didn’t know what he and Tori had shared last night, nor the feelings they had for each other.
  Maybe it was time he made sure they did. He knew they were wondering after they had been seen at church together, but nothing had sent the message home that Tori was his woman.
  He walked toward her with purpose in his stride and on his face.
  She looked up as he came across the crowded room, her expression changing to one of questioning when she saw the look on his face.
  “There you ar…” Before Tori could finish Drue gathered her into his embrace and kissed her deeply, his arm bracing her around the waist as he slightly bent her backwards.
  He drew back slowly but did not release his hold. 
  “Hi, yourself.” he said. “Miss me?” he asked smiling that devilish smile of his.
  Suddenly Tori became aware that the dining room had become significantly quieter. As she looked around, she saw that she and Drue had become the center of attention.
  This was so unlike him. He had always believed that personal business should remain just that…personal.
  So, why all of a sudden was he providing public displays of affection in a room full of townspeople?
  “Alright Morgan.” she said confused. “While I appreciate your salutation and warm welcome, it’s totally off base for you. What gives?”
  “Drue, will you help your father move some more chairs into the family room so we can get the meeting started?” 
  His mother was in her element going over plans, supply lists and assigning work tasks for the festival.
Everyone was eager to be a part of it. The food booths, the craft show and the barn dance was an opportunity for everyone to get involved.
  Looked like it was going to be another record year.
  “Saved by your mommy” Tori teased him. “She can’t keep you tied up all night.”
  He winked as he headed toward his mother.
  What had gotten into him? He was playful and downright mischievous, and it unnerved her. She didn’t know what to expect. Never had she thought to use the terms unexpected and playful as descriptors for Drue’s behavior.  It was one for the record books, she was certain.
  Smiling to herself, she walked over to the refreshment table in the corner to pour herself some tea before the meeting got started. 
  She noticed the ice cooler was getting low, so she decided to go out to the back porch and refill it from the freezer.
  As she scooped ice into the cooler, she heard two voices coming from the kitchen through the crack of the back porch door. She wouldn’t have paid much attention, but she thought she had heard her name. She stopped to listen.
  “Can you believe how Tori has come back into town like she owns the place. Not only has she always had Kevin trailing around her like a puppy, now she has Drue by the nose as well.”
  Tori took a step closer to the door not believing what she was hearing.
  “I know Jill. Did you see how Drue nearly laid her out on the floor earlier with that kiss? I almost told them to get a room.”
  “I never thought she was a tramp, but she’s been away in the city for a long time. Who knows what she’s like now. She doesn’t seem to have any qualms at playing the two against each other.”
  “Yeah, well, I had a chance at Drue before she came back into town too. Now all they seem to be interested in is her apparently.”
  “She’s supposed to leave in a couple weeks.”
  “It can’t come soon enough as far as I’m concerned.” Jill said.
  Tori felt sick. She couldn’t believe what she was hearing. She recognized the girl called Jill from the diner, the one that had went out with Drue. She didn’t know who the other girl was. It didn’t matter really.   All she knew was they were completely wrong. 
  How could anyone think she was playing the two brothers? Anyone who knew her would know that she and Kevin were best friends, wouldn’t they? 
  Drue hadn’t believed it, her sub-conscience whispered.
  My God! Is this what everyone in town thought of her?
  She finished filling up the cooler, and shut the freezer door. Carrying the cooler back into the dining room, she ran into Kevin.
  “Here, let me take that from you.” He grabbed the cooler, but when he looked at Tori’s face he stopped.
  “Hey, what’s wrong? Are you okay?” He set the cooler down and came up beside her, his hand on her elbow.
  Tori could see Jill and her friend off to the side snickering while they watched her and Kevin.
  Suddenly Drue was on her other side. 
  “What are you two up to?” he asked teasingly, but he immediately realized the tension in both Kevin and Tori.
  “Hey, what’s going on?” he asked scanning both their faces.
  “That’s what I was trying to find out.” Kevin answered.
  Tori felt like the room shrank standing between the two of them. She looked around the room to see if others were watching them. She felt like she was on display.
  Never had she cared what anyone thought, but never had she been in the position to lose her best friend and her extended family if something went wrong to sour the relationships.
  It scared her beyond measure.
  “Nothing is wrong. I just have a tremendous headache.” Tori told them both.
  It wasn’t a lie. Her temples were now pounding in her head.
  “I really just need to go home and lie down. Would you please tell your mother I’m sorry. Tell her I’ll help anyway she needs me to.”
  “Let me take you home.” Drue told her.
  “No. I drove over. I’ll be fine. Stay and help your mother.”
  “Don’t forget we are going to Hartford tomorrow to pick out costumes. I’ll pick you up at ten.”
  She turned toward the kitchen but stopped and looked back.
  “Okay. I’ll talk to you both tomorrow.” she said and slipped out the back door.
  Kevin knew his friend better than anybody. Something was wrong. She might have a headache, but something had caused the strain he saw in her eyes. It hadn’t been there earlier.
  “Headache my foot. Something upset her.”
  “You think so?” Drue asked.
  “I know so.”
  Drue looked around the room and spotted Jill and Amy Armstrong in the corner huddled together watching them. When he looked straight at them, they wouldn’t meet his gaze. 
  Hmm. His gut told him they had something to do with this. He’d let Tori go home and rest, but he would get to the bottom of what had upset her tomorrow.



Chapter Twenty

  Tori hadn’t slept well. She fumbled down the stairs into the kitchen desperately wanting coffee. Coffee made everything better in her book.
  She sat at the kitchen table nursing a warm cup of liquid love.
  She sighed remembering the conversation she had overheard last night. At the time she had been distraught to hear someone talk about her in that manner.
  After sleeping on it she realized Jill had motive to be so inflammatory toward her character. She wanted Drue.
  Girls could be petty, but women could be downright hateful when it came to fighting for the man they wanted even if said man wasn’t interested.
  It wasn’t all cupcakes and roses living in a small town.
  She’d just been caught off guard, and with everything that had happened in the last month she was overly sensitive too. She guessed she needed to toughen up and deal with it.
  Looking at the clock, she realized she’d better shower and get ready. Kevin would be here soon to pick her up.

  Kevin sat with his mother going over a list of supplies she had asked him to pick up for her today when he went into Hartford.
  “Make sure to check things off as you pick them up. I don’t want to miss anything.” His mother instructed.
  “I’ll make sure Tori helps me keep track. You know she’s good at that.”
  “Speaking of Tori, have you talked to her this morning? Is she feeling alright? I was worried about her last night.” 
  “I called her a little while ago. She’s feeling fine this morning. I think it was more a case of someone and not something that was bothering her.” Kevin told his mother.
  Mrs. Morgan’s brow creased. “What do you mean ‘someone’? Did someone do something last night to upset her?”
  “I don’t know who or what yet, but I know Tori. Something happened. I’ll find out today. You know she tells me everything.”
  “Not everything.” Drue stated dryly as he entered the room.
  He knew she hadn’t told Kevin about their night together. His brother hadn’t come out and asked, but he knew he assumed given the fact that he didn’t come home until breakfast the next morning.
  Kevin glanced over at his brother. He was a younger version of their father. Didn’t take much imagination to know what the years would do to him. You just had to look at their dad.
  He usually held his cards close to his vest, so that you never really knew what he was thinking until he wanted you to know. 
  This sudden change where Tori was concerned was baffling. He knew Drue wasn’t playing with her emotions. That wasn’t his style, but then again neither was jumping in without looking either. Always the cautious one, Drue knew the answers before he ever asked the question.
  So what was so different this time? Could it be that he really had fallen for Tori?
  Shaking his head, he pushed the thoughts aside. It was up to the two of them to figure it out. He just didn’t want to see Tori’s heart broken, nor his brother’s for that matter.
  “You’d be surprised at what Tori does tell me, big brother.” he bragged.
  “You’d be even more surprised at what she doesn’t, little brother.” Drue replied smugly.
  Mrs. Morgan interrupted their bantering. “Here’s the final list, Kevin. Now you better get going.”
  “Take care of my girl.” Drue said to Kevin’s back as he headed out.
  “I always do.” he threw over his shoulder.
  Mrs. Morgan handed Drue a cup of coffee. 
  She watched her son closely.
  “What is it mother?” he told her. “Go ahead and ask.”
  “Oh, it’s nothing really, dear. Just wondering when it is that Tori became your girl is all.” she said lightly.
  Drue knew this conversation was overdue. He was surprised she had lasted this long.
  He loved his mother dearly, but he’d just as soon she kept her advice in the relationship department to herself.
  He wasn’t exactly comfortable discussing Victoria with her.
  “I wondered how long it would take.” he teased.
  “You have to admit it’s all very sudden.”
  “Actually, no, mom it isn’t. This has been a long time coming.” he said seriously.
  “Explain please.”
  “Let me ask you a question first. Why do you think Victoria and Kevin haven’t ended up together as a couple? I always thought they would.”
  “Oh, I see.” said his mother. “I know why they haven’t. They are too much alike for one. There’s never been any chemistry there. They truly are like brother and sister. They are best friends. It’s never been any more than that and never will be I’d imagine.”
  “You know, I finally just figured that out the last two weeks. All along I expected them to eventually end up together. They seemed perfect for each other.”
  “And now?” she asked.
  “Now I know she was meant to be with me. I’ve felt that way for a long time but would never admit it because of Kevin.”
  “Honey, I thought she just got on your nerves and rubbed you the wrong way.”
  “More like under my skin, Mom. It’s always been that way, especially since high school. I just pushed it back and figured eventually it would go away.”
  “But it didn’t go away?”
  Drue chuckled.
  “You ever wondered what it would be like to be struck by lightning?” he asked his mother with a smirk.
  “Well, I don’t have to wonder. I know, and her name is Victoria. Since the first five minutes she has been back home, something changed. It’s like the dam I built to push all the emotions I felt for her behind cracked and burst open. I couldn’t stop it.”
  He shook his head in wonder.
  “Want to hear the craziest part?” he looked up at his mother.
  “She feels the same way, has for years but didn’t know what to do about it.”
  “Why is that crazy, honey? Anybody who knows you loves you.”
  “It’s such a weird feeling. She still drives me crazy, but all I can think about is her.”
  “Have you thought about what happens in a few weeks when she has to go back to Chicago?” His mother placed her hand on his across the table. “What then?”
  “We haven’t figured that part out yet, but I know I have no intention of letting her go. Chicago isn’t that far away. We will find a way to make it work.” He was confident of that. The alternative was unacceptable.

  Tori enjoyed riding the thirty-minute jaunt into Hartford with Kevin. One thing she loved about being back home was the scenery. The trees came to life with their vibrant fall colors.
  “So, you want to tell me what happened last night that caused you to leave?” Kevin sprang on her right out of the gate.
  “Darn you for knowing me so well.” she teased. “It really was nothing. Just me overreacting to two petty girls running their mouths in a small town.”
  “What were they saying that got you so upset? You usually don’t let gossip bother you.”
  “I know. It was immature. I’m over it now.” She sighed.
  “You still didn’t answer my question.” he pushed.
  He didn’t like the fact that she was trying to keep something from him. Normally she was an open book as far as he was concerned.
  “Look Jill and some other girl were talking about Drue, you and me and that I was leading you both around by the noses basically. It just got under my skin is all.”
  “What!” he exclaimed. “Those petty little fools. They don’t know what they are talking about.”
  “I know that, and you know that, but I guess everyone is entitled to their opinions.”
  “I guess I could see how they might think that about Drue given how he has been following you around like a puppy and marking his territory and all.” he teased.
  “Hey!” she said smacking his arm playfully as she laughed.
  “Made you laugh and smile. Double points.”
  She smiled at Kevin. That was a game they had always played growing up when one of them was sad or upset. It was the other’s goal to make them smile and laugh. If you accomplished either one, you earned points. The points didn’t mean anything, just keeping score did.
  “So, where are we headed first?” Tori asked.
  “We have a gigantic list from my mother to get party supplies at Party Central. Figured we’d get that over with then head to the costume shop.”
  “Sounds like a plan.”
  “It’s your job to keep track of the list, because if I go home without something, you might as well fix my last supper.”
  “Don’t worry. I got your back.”
  And he knew that she did.

  “This is a lot of greenery. Are you sure she isn’t decorating more than the barn?”
  “She has a new design outline this year. The theme is ‘Enchanted Evening’.” Kevin informed her.
  “Sounds wonderful. I can’t wait to see it.”
  “Here’s the extra white lights she requested. I think that’s the last item, isn’t it?”
  He hoped so. He was so ready to get out of this store.
  “Yep. That’s the last thing.” Tori confirmed.
  They checked out and loaded up the truck with all the supplies.
  “Okay. Next stop Costume Central.” he said excitedly. 
  Kevin loved dressing up and acting out. It was part of his playful nature. 
  “I can’t wait to see what kind of costumes they have available.” he continued.
  You would think it was his birthday or something, thought Tori.
  Costume Central was a specialty shop in the heart of downtime Hartford. They specialized in costumes and make up, particularly for the local performing arts theater and college drama club.
Their costume selections ranged from the jovial for the comedian to the thespian who favored Shakespeare. 
  The bell above the door jingled as they walked in.
  It was just before lunch, so not too many people were milling around.
  “Let’s separate. You start here. I’ll start down there, and we can work our way to the middle.” he suggested.
  “Shout out if something catches your eyes.” and he shot down the aisle.
  Laughing Tori started looking through the racks. Should they go comical or more serious?
Kevin did say the theme was an Enchanted Evening, so maybe more classical. 
Maybe something from the Regency Era would be just the thing. Something immediately sprang to mind.
  She knew just the thing. Surely the shop would be able to accommodate her.
She went off in search of the shop keeper.
  All in all it had been not only a productive but what Tori would call a successful day.
Supplies had been bought. Costumes had been commandeered. Even Kevin was pleased with her costume idea, which had also included Drue’s costume. She wasn’t certain how he was going to react to tights, but she knew he would look dignified dipped in sexy.
  She giggled. She couldn’t wait to see him in it.
  Kevin dropped her off, reminding her they were starting to clear out and decorate the barn tomorrow.     Just four more days until the festival.



Chapter Twenty-one

  Just after eight o’clock that evening Tori sat in her favorite working spot, seated on the floor with her laptop on the coffee table. 
  Several edits on her book had come back, and she was reviewing them now. 
  “Apparently someone needs to take this person’s red pen away.” she grumbled to herself.
“If I’d wanted to say it that way, I would have.”
  A short rap sounded at the back door, but before Tori could see who it was, Drue opened the door and came in.
  “Hello?” he hollered. “Has anyone seen my favorite girl?”
  “What do you mean by favorite?” she answered back. “You have more than one girl?” she questioned.
  Drue came down the hall and turned into the living room.
He paused. It was strange how now when he first made eye contact with Victoria that he felt a little zing go through him. 
  She scrambled to her feet as he entered the room.
  He reached her just as she stood. His arms wrapped around her, his lips finding hers for a tender kiss.
  “Mmmm…just what I needed after being torn up by my editor.” she said leaning into him.
  “Do I need to beat him up for you?” he asked teasingly.
  “No, you know me. I don’t get mad. I get even.” She smiled wickedly.
  “Don’t I know it.” He thought of the many times she and Kevin had pulled a stunt to get back at him for something growing up.
  They sat down on the couch facing each other, Drue not letting go of her hands. He slowly traced circles on her palm.
  “Kevin says you found amazing costumes. Dare I ask what we are dressing up as?” he asked her with slight trepidation.
  “Oh, we did!” she said with excitement. “To complement your mother’s theme, I thought it would be fitting to go with something from the Regency period.”
  He waited knowing whatever it was, he probably wouldn’t like it.
  “We will be characters right out of Jane Austen’s book Pride and Prejudice. Mr. Darcy, Mr. Bingley and Ms. Elizabeth Bennett will be attending the festival this year. The costumes are perfect. They will look as if we walked right off the pages and into today. I can’t wait!” 
  Her cheeks were rosy with excitement. Drue smiled down at her. 
  “This involves tights, doesn’t it?” he asked grimly.
  “Stockings, my lord. Stockings.” She couldn’t help but giggle.
  “Alright, I’ll suffer the indignity of it all for you.”
  “That’s one of the reasons I love you, your willingness to make others happy at the sacrifice of your own.” 
  He leaned in closer just mere inches from her face.
  “There is something that would make me much happier right about now.” he said softly.
  Tori’s breath caught. Sensations prickled her skin as his breath brushed her face.
  He didn’t wait for her response. He captured her lips with his, gently at first, but the kiss changed quickly. His tongue dipped inside her mouth tasting her sweetness. 
  His lay her down on the couch, one hand in her hair the other circling her waist.
  Tori couldn’t get close enough. Need spread like fire to her core. The kiss deepened and she melted into him.
  He withdrew slightly allowing them to catch their breath, his forehead pressed to hers. Her legs were entwined with his as he lay atop.
  “Now that makes me very happy indeed.” He told her as he breathed in her fresh scent.
  He nuzzled her neck, his tongue lighting sparks up her neck and behind her ear.
  “I missed you today.” he told her seriously. His hand caressed the length of her as he spoke.
  “Mmmm, it just so happens that I missed you too.” she whispered as she pressed into him communicating her need. “I think I know a way we can make it up to each other.” her hands massaging his back.
  The fire burned brightly and cast a welcoming glow. Tori gently pushed Drue upright.
  “Where are you going?” surprise and disappointment laced his words.
  She stood in front of him and held out her hand. He placed his hand in hers and stood. She didn’t go far. She led him to the braided rug that lay in front of the fireplace. Taking the afghan from the couch, she spread it atop the rug.
  She turned back to Drue as he reached for her again.
  “I like how you think, Ms. Winslow.” he said as his head descended. 
  Lips locking, need pulsed through them. His hands gripped her backside and lifted her into him.
  She had turned the lamp off so that the only light in the room was the glow emitted from the fire. Its flames danced around them, wrapping them in its warmth.
  Kneeling on the blanket, he continued to rain kisses down her neck and back to her lips as his tongue tangoed with hers.
  He cupped her breast, his thumb bringing her nipple to a hardened peak. His hands slipped beneath her t-shirt, loving the feel of her silky skin. He removed her shirt and tossed it to the couch.
  He paused just looking at her. Desire darkened his emerald eyes. Excitement built inside Tori. When he looked at her that way, she felt like he was seeing her soul.
  “You’re so beautiful.” he said reverently.
  Tori proceeded to return the gesture, loving the feel of his skin against her as hands traveled the length of his naked chest.
  Laying her against the blanket, he unbuttoned her jeans and slowly slid them down her legs, caressing the inside of her thighs as he went. A visible shiver went through her as heat pooled at her center and anticipation built.
  He lay beside her as she turned to him. His tongue was like a hot brand burning her as he tasted first one breast then the other.
  She was drowning in pleasure. Whimpering softly, she lifted into him. Her nails dug into his back unconsciously.
  Suddenly in the recesses of her mind she heard a door open. Her mind fogged with passion, it didn’t register right away for her. 
  She felt Drue still and lift his head just as they heard, “Hey Tori…Drue, where are you gu – Oh, Whoa!”
  Kevin stuttered as he slid to a stop in shock at the living room door.
  Drue covered Tori with his body and growled at his brother, “Don’t you EVER knock?”
  Kevin didn’t move for what felt like forever to Tori until Drue said calmly, almost too calmly “How about getting the hell out of here?”
  “Uh, yeah. Sorry.” was all Kevin could muster as he hightailed it out the way he came in.
  Drue released a frustrated breath and felt Tori shake beneath him. Not tears. He couldn’t stand to see her cry. It wasn’t that big a deal. He was going to have to kill his brother, but she could find a new best friend.
  Then he heard her giggles escape from beneath him. It wasn’t tears racking her body now, but laughter.
  He sat up beside her and looked down at her. She did have a few tears streaming down her face, but it was from the gut-wrenching laughter she had collapsed into.
  “It’s not that funny, Victoria. In fact I don’t find it comical at all.” Disgusted with his brother for interrupting and the mood obviously ruined, he helped Tori get to her feet.
  “My patience is wearing a little thin where my brother is concerned.” 
  Tori looked at Drue’s face to gage his expression. He was serious. He was angry with Kevin.
  Collecting her clothing and redressing, she wondered how Kevin was handling the scene he had just witnessed. She wasn’t looking forward to rehashing it with him, but she knew she would have to. He never was one to let her off the hook for anything.
  “There’s no reason to take it out on Kevin. I think he was more surprised than we were when he came in.” she said matter-of-factly to Drue.
  ‘Yes, there is. If it wasn’t for his interrupting, I would be buried deep inside you right now showing you how much I missed you today. Instead I am unsatisfied and just plain pissed.” 
  The mental image he created did crazy things to her libido, but the physical image of him frowning on her couch looked like the roaring lion with the thorn in his paw. He was absolutely the most sexy, adorable man alive, and he was hers. 
  The question was for how long. Don’t go there, she warned herself. 
  “How about I make it up to you with a pile of fresh baked chocolate chip cookies? Chocolate is no substitute for sex, but it’s the next best thing.” She told him leaning in to whisper in his ear.
  “I know that now thanks to you.” She winked at him and headed for the kitchen knowing he would follow.



Chapter Twenty-two

  They talked for another hour over cookies and coffee before saying goodnight.
  The closeness and ease of being together was so natural. Tori loved the fact that she didn’t have to hide her feelings and her love was not only shared but returned. Something this right had to find a way to work. 
  Closing the door and turning lights off as she headed upstairs to bed, Tori wondered if she would be able to sleep. Tomorrow was a big day. The decorating and set up would begin for the festival. Watching the barn being transformed was always exciting.

  Tori grabbed her jacket as she headed over to the Morgan’s house the next morning. She could see across the field several cars had already arrived. It was just after ten, and the morning was bright and cool.
  As she drove up the drive she could see Kevin directing a group of men moving bales of hay. He turned, hearing her car and waved.
  He walked over to her car with a smirk on his face, and Tori knew he wasn’t letting last night’s free show go.
  He grinned from ear to ear. Tori couldn’t help the blush that crept up her cheeks.
  “That grin gets any bigger, a bird could use your pie hole to build a nest.” her words dripping with sarcasm.
  “Good Morning to you too, Hot Pants. No, wait. There weren’t any pants involved, were there.” he harassed her.
  “Alright. Get it over with now, but I wouldn’t let your brother hear you. He wasn’t any too happy to have you barge in last night.” 
  He laughed at that. “Don’t I know it. I have been getting the silent treatment all morning.”
  Placing his arm around her shoulders he said “Come on. You’ve been assigned to help with the lights.” and guided her towards the barn.
  Drue saw them walk in as he stood where the stage had already been placed in the back for the band.
  He honed in on Kevin’s arm being draped across her shoulders. He was still in a foul mood from his brother’s interruption last night and seeing him with his arm around her notched up his irritation a few more degrees. 
  He was getting tired of his brother always being in the middle. How were he and Victoria supposed to have a relationship if he was always getting in the way. Something was going to have to give, and it wasn’t going to be him.
  “Hey, man. You paying attention?” someone hollered at him. 
  Not to what he was supposed to be doing thanks to his brother. Focusing back on his task, he placed the remaining slats in place for the stage and secured it.
  Groups of people littered the barn conducting various tasks. 
  There was lighting to be strung, tables and chairs to be erected, decorations to be laid out and hung up, and the list went on. 
  His mother was at the center of it all, her clipboard in hand. She loved putting this event together. It had been going on for ten years now. Everyone enjoyed it so much each year that they flocked to help put it together. 
  Usually they had too much help, but she found a job for everyone to take part in. No helping hand was turned away.
  Drue made his way over to Tori who was at a table in a corner filled with boxes of lights. Coming from behind, his arms snaked around her waist. As she looked up over her shoulder, he planted a quick kiss to her cheek. 
  “I hope you brought your patience with you. I think you’re going to need them with the amount of lights you have to untangle.” 
  “As luck would have it I seem to have an ample supply on hand today. I always stock up when I am with your brother.” she teased.
  She felt him tense against her. Turning in his arms, she looked at him questioningly.
  “You’re not still upset about last night, are you?”
  His forehead creased and he shrugged his broad shoulders. “I’ll get over it eventually.” was all he said. “I’m off to help get the generators set up. I’ll see you later.”
  Tori wondered if there was more to the frown she had seen creasing his tanned face. She was determined to find out, but it would have to wait until later. Right now she had a mountain of lights to contend with.
  Things were coming together very nicely. Everyone had been working for several hours. It was just after lunch, and Tori felt like she had gained her second wind.
  She was working with Kevin and a few other girls stringing lights from support beam to support beam. Since she was smaller, she was the one climbing the ladder to attach the lights to hooks that had been put in place.
  The ladder apparently wasn’t on level ground when they had moved it over, so as Tori leaned forward to reach the hook, it started to teeter. The girl spotting the ladder at the bottom wasn’t prepared as Tori tried to counter the movement forward by leaning backward. 
  Kevin was carrying another box over for them, or he would have been spotting her. He saw what was happening and dropped the box he was carrying, yelling “Tori, hang on!”
  Just as the ladder gave way and tipped forward, Tori had two choices: go with it or let go.
  Kevin was there and yelled for her to let go. “I’ve got you, just let go!”
  She trusted him and did as he instructed. As she fell backwards, she prayed he did. Just as suddenly as it occurred, it was over. It happened all in a matter of seconds, but it felt longer.
  True to his word, Kevin was there and caught her in his arms, hugging her close, his chin resting atop her head.
  “Crap, Tori. That was a close one. Are you alright?” he asked as he stood her upright.
  “I am, thanks to you.” She hugged him again.
  Drue had looked up from hammering nails when he’d heard Kevin yell Tori’s name. He’d watch as if in slow motion as the whole thing happened.
  Seeing Tori in Kevin’s arms cemented his foul mood. He was grateful that his brother had been there to prevent her from getting hurt, but his alpha male ego was focused in on the fact that he was always there with his hands on her in some form or fashion every time he turned around. 
  He headed for Kevin with a look of purpose on his face. 
  “Hey big brother, did you see what happened?” he asked. “You can thank me later.” he said gloating slightly.
  “I need your help in the garage.” was all Drue said and kept walking obviously expecting Kevin to follow.
  Tori was dumbfounded. He hadn’t even acknowledged her standing there. Then he had all but glared at Kevin.
  “Somebody’s got a burr up their butt.” Kevin told her as he turned to follow Drue.
  What in the world had gotten in to Drue. It wasn’t like him to be downright rude. Steam had practically been coming out of his ears when he spoke to Kevin.
  She picked up the ladder and the strewn lights. She told Missy, the girl that had been helping her, that she would be back in a minute.
  Before she could get to the door Mrs. Morgan was advancing on her.
  “Tori, honey, are you okay?” Mrs. Morgan held her shoulders and conducted a visual inspection from head to toe.
  “Yes, I’m fine. Kevin caught me, so no harm was done.”
  “Thank goodness. I swear, I don’t know what we would do if something happened to you.”
  “Thanks Mrs. M. Ditto on my part too.” She hugged her and headed toward the garage to get to the bottom of what had gotten under Drue’s skin.

  As she approached the garage, she could hear elevated voices. 
  “What is your problem, big brother? You’ve got quite the attitude today.” Kevin asked Drue.
  “My problem is you.”
  “Me? What did I do? I said I was sorry for walking into Tori’s house last night. How was I supposed to know you guys were doing the nasty?” he shook his body in disgust. “I’ll probably need therapy.”
  “Funny. Always the jokester, and that’s just the tip of the iceberg where you’re concerned. I’m sick and tired of every time I turn around there you are with Victoria.”
  “What? Are you serious? Are we really going to go down this road?”
  “I think it’s time we did. How am I supposed to develop a relationship with her if you are always in the middle?”
  “You sound like you got a shiny new toy, and you don’t want to share it.” Kevin snarled. “She’s not a thing to be played with. She’s been my best friend way before you decided to get into her pants.   Nothing’s going to change that.”
  Kevin knew he had pushed too hard, but dammit, he wasn’t giving in where Tori was concerned. He wanted them to be happy, but that didn’t mean he was going to sacrifice a lifelong friendship either.
  Tori sucked in deep gulps of air finding it difficult to breath. What was going on? Drue and Kevin couldn’t be fighting about her. That had been one of her biggest fears in getting involved with Drue. 
  She hadn’t wanted to jeopardize her friendship with Kevin nor create any issues between them because of her, but that’s exactly what it sounded like was happening. 
  She walked around to the side of the garage where she couldn’t be seen but could still hear them.
   “I’m warning you Kevin, give us some space. Don’t force me to ask her to choose.”
  Kevin knew his brother had never reacted this way to any other female. For him to even threaten such a thing showed how out of control his feelings were and how much he cared about Tori. He knew he needed to blow off steam, so let him. That didn’t mean he was going to make it easy for him.
  “Be careful what you do, big brother.” he warned. “You may not get the results you think you will.”
  Tori felt ill. She had heard enough. She felt like her heart was being squeezed by an invisible force, and it would burst any second. Her worst nightmare was coming true. Tears pricked her eyes as she replayed Kevin and Drue’s words in her mind. 
  How could Drue think Kevin would be in the way of their relationship? Hadn’t she given him the one thing she had never given anyone else? Couldn’t he see how much she loved him, and how different her feelings and relationship was with Kevin?
  Jealousy was an evil green-eyed monster and had destroyed many a friendship and family. There was no way she would be the cause of creating such a rift between Kevin and Drue.  
  She only knew of one way to prevent that from happening, but the thought of actually doing it shattered her heart into a million pieces.
  Wanting nothing more than to go home and curl up in a ball and hide from prying eyes but knowing it would be too obvious to all involved, she solidified her resolve and plastered the best fake smile she could muster. 
  If she could get through the next few hours she deserved a freaking Emmy. It would be the performance of her life. She didn’t have a choice.



Chapter Twenty-three

  Tori went back to the barn to help finish stringing the lights. It was about fifteen minutes later that first Kevin and then Drue came back in.
  Here we go. Kevin knew her so well that she was going to have to work really hard not to give anything away.
  “Everything worked out?” Tori asked nonchalantly.
  “Yep. He just needed an attitude adjustment. He’ll be fine.”
  She wasn’t so sure about that. It had only been two weeks since they had started this whirlwind romance.   If this was how Drue was acting now, the damage would be done too quickly to recover from before she could do anything about it.
  “I’ve got this covered here. I’m just wrapping the poles now with the strands hanging from the hooks. No ladder involved.” She hoped she sounded convincing. “Why don’t you go see where else you can help out?” she suggested.
  Kevin laughed. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d think you were trying to get rid of me.”
  She paled slightly. “Yeah, right. Like I could ever do that.”
  He paused looking at her questioningly. She thought she’d blown it.
  “Okay, if you really don’t need me…” he pouted exaggeratedly and walked over to his mother to see where else he could help.
  Suddenly Drue was beside her. “Hi.” 
  She could do this. “Hi yourself.” was all she said as she kept wrapping lights around the pole.
  “You sure you’re okay?” he finally said. 
  She paused for a second and looked at him. “Sure. I’m good. How about you?”
  “Sorry I was so gruff earlier. I …” 
  “Think nothing of it. Look, let’s talk later, okay? I want to get these lights wrapped up. No pun intended.”
  He was surprised by her somewhat brisk tone. He couldn’t be sure, but something didn’t feel quite right.
  Maybe he was just imagining things. He’d created enough trouble for one day. 
  She was right. They could talk later.
  It was just after five in the evening when things started to wind down. It wasn’t complete yet, but it was getting there. Lots of loose ends to tie up to make the picture complete, but Tori could picture it in her mind.
  She just hated that she wouldn’t be there to see it. She knew what she had to do. It was best for all involved.
  Letting Mrs. Morgan know that she wouldn’t be staying for dinner and to tell Drue she would see him in the morning because a hot bath and a good book were calling her name, she headed back to her house.
  As she parked the car and started up the front steps her cell phone rang. It was Drue.
  “Hey, why didn’t you stay for dinner? Aren’t you feeling well? Do you want me to come over?” he asked in rapid succession.
  “I’m just beat, and I know my muscles will be screaming tomorrow. I’m going to soak in a hot bath with a good book and call it an early night. You should probably get your rest too. There’s still a lot to be done tomorrow.” She cleared her throat as she began choking up.
  Keep it together, Tori. You can’t cave now.
  Silence met her on the other end of the phone. Then finally he said, “If that’s what you want, but call if you need someone to wash your back.” 
  She smiled sadly. “You bet. I have Kevin on speed dial.” she said for good measure.
  “Good-bye Drue.” and she disconnected the call.
  She wasn’t certain but she thought she felt even more lonely now than when her grandmother passed as she sat at the kitchen table with pen and paper.
  She loved the Morgans more than anything. All of them. She could never live with herself is she was the cause of strife between them, especially Drue and Kevin. 
  As she picked up the pen to write first to Kevin and then to Drue, tears were already running down her face.
  She finished the two letters and left them on the kitchen table addressed to each of them.
  Climbing the stairs, she grabbed her suitcase out of the hall closet. She didn’t feel like she had the energy to even put one foot in front of the other, but she had to.
  She threw clothes into the bag not caring if they were neatly packed. Grabbing only what she absolutely needed to take with her, she put the bag by the bedroom door.
  She stripped out of her clothes and took a quick shower washing away the grime from the day, wishing it would take away the heartache too.
  Drying off and donning pajamas, she fell into bed. She didn’t know how long she lay there crying herself to sleep. Eventually she drifted off.

  Kevin bound down the stairs ready for breakfast. He was starving this morning. He knew they were jumping right back into final preparations for the festival. Yesterday had been a long day, not to mention eventful.
  As he came into the dining room, he found his mother, father and Drue already present.
  “Good Morning, wonderful family. How is everyone this morning?” he asked.
  “Someone is in a good mood this morning.” Mrs. Morgan said. “It’s a good thing too, since you will be short one helper today.”
  “Who is that?” he asked unknowingly.
  “Tori called a little while ago. Seems she had to go back to Chicago. Work related she said. She didn’t want to wake you, so she waited until she knew I would be awake.”
  Drue stopped in mid-bite as he looked at his brother. Something wasn’t right. Why wouldn’t she have called him? First, last night she was stand-offish and now she was gone? What was going on?
  “Did she say anything else?” he asked skeptically.
  “Oh, yes. She said to tell you both that she left something for you on the kitchen table.”
  Kevin knew that something was definitely off. This wasn’t Tori’s mode. 
  He and Drue jumped up at the same time heading for the back door.
  “What about your breakfast?” their mother called as they raced out the door.
  As they loaded into Drue’s truck, he looked over at Kevin.
  “What do you know about this?” he asked accusingly.
  “Nothing. I’m as flabbergasted as you are.”
  They went around to the back door where a key was underneath the doormat. 
  Drue didn’t know why, but he felt a since of trepidation creep over him as they walked into the kitchen.   It was eerily quiet.
  On the kitchen table set two envelopes, one marked with each of their names.
  He didn’t like this. Not one bit.
  They looked at each other before going to the table to open the letters.
  “What is going on?” Kevin said out loud.
  They started reading their letters.
  “She heard us yesterday in the garage.” Kevin said first.
  Drue was deathly quiet as he read her letter. When he finished, he crumbled it into a ball.
  Kevin looked on as his brother fought an inner battle for control.
  Drue couldn’t believe she had walked away and left him with a Dear John letter. What the hell was that, anyway?
  “She obviously didn’t hear the entire conversation, or she would have know that we worked through it.” Kevin continued. “She thinks you were going to ask her to choose between the two of us. She could never do that.”
  “It was her biggest fear of us getting involved and our relationship not working out, that it would cause discord in our family.” Drue said disheartened.
  “I won’t let her do this.” he said with determination. “Opting out on our relationship is not a choice I can live with. She belongs here with me. With us and our family.”
  He stood. “Come on.” was all he said to Kevin as he headed out the door they came in.
  “Where are you going?” Kevin said as he followed behind.
  “We are going to bring her home where she belongs.”
  With Kevin’s help and a few tricks up their sleeves, she wouldn’t have a choice but to listen to them. They had to make her see sense. They’d finally found their way to each other. Did she think he would let her go so easily without a fight? She had another thing coming.
  He had a few stops he needed to make, and Kevin enlisted the help of someone close to the situation for reinforcements.
  Tomorrow wouldn’t come soon enough.



Chapter Twenty-four

  Tori felt like she had been run over by a truck as she rode the elevator to the 14th floor. It had been three weeks since she had been at work, and right now she was looking forward to the familiar comfort zone and people to bury herself in work.
  She had half expected to receive a call from Drue or Kevin at least, but neither one had tried. Even though she was relieved, part of her was hurt. Maybe that’s why she hadn’t heard from Drue especially.   She knew he would be hurt by her letter and not telling him face to face.
  She just wasn’t strong enough right now. She loved him too much. If she would have tried to tell him face to face, she didn’t think she would have been able to.
  When she got off the elevator, Katy was waiting for her. One look at her friend, and she nearly lost it.
  “Don’t say anything, Katy. Not here. I can’t talk about it. Not yet.” she begged.
  “Of course not. We’re going to get the biggest cup of coffee we can find and get you started on the huge stack of edits I put on your desk.”
  She smiled at Katy. “Thank you.”
  Remembering her grandmother’s words again, if it didn’t kill her, she’d end up stronger, right?
It was just after lunch when she heard a scuffle at the front reception desk. As she rounded her cubicle she stopped in her tracks and stared.
  No, it couldn’t be. There standing in the reception area were both Drue and Kevin.
  God, no. She wasn’t ready to face them. Turning to go in the opposite direction, she heard her name called. It was Drue.
  Slowly turning around, she faced him as he approached, Kevin close behind.
  Her mouth suddenly felt like she had swallowed cotton.
  “What are you doing here?” she squeaked out.
  “I guess I could ask you the same question, given that you are supposed to be at home with me.”
  He stopped directly in front of her. He was angry all right, but more visible was the hurt in his beautiful green eyes, and something else. Determination.
  Kevin reached them then. “Not like you to run, Sprite.”
  “I didn’t run. I just didn’t want to ruin the festival and…”
  “And what?” Drue questioned gruffly.
  She looked at him pleadingly. “We can’t discuss this here at my place of work. You need to leave.”
  “You are absolutely right.” He said to easily.
  “And you’re coming with us.” He finished.
  “No, I’m not.” she said firmly.
  Drue took one step closer to where they were only a breath apart.
  “You will come voluntarily, or I will carry you out of here myself.”
  “You wouldn’t.”
  Tori could already feel the eyes on them popping up to look over their cubicles to see what the commotion was all about.
  Without hesitation Drue picked Tori up like a sack of potatoes and threw her over his shoulder, pinning her legs so that she couldn’t kick him in the process.
  “Don’t say I didn’t warn you.” He finished as he turned around with her in tow toward the elevator.
  Claps and whistles erupted from her co-workers.
  “Way to go, Tori!” someone yelled out.
  “You can’t do this. People get arrested for stunts like this.” she huffed at him. “You’re going to get me fired.”
  “Already taken care of. Katy talked to your boss before we got here. You’re still on leave.”
  “Katy did what?” she screeched. “How did you…Kevin!”
  She knew Kevin had to be behind this.
  “Just calm down before you hurt yourself. Give me a chance to explain. You owe me that much, Victoria.” he said with warning.
  That quieted her down. She hadn’t wanted to do this, but she didn’t see any other way. 
  “You can put me down now.” she told him.
  “Will you come home with us so we can talk this out. At least attend the festival. Mother would be heartbroken if you didn’t.”
  Oh, way to play dirty by throwing his mother into it.
  “Okay. I’ll go with you, but that doesn’t mean I am changing my mind about anything.”
  She followed them down to their truck. 
  “What about my car?” she asked.
  “Got it covered. Katy is taking it to your apartment.”
  She couldn’t believe her two best friends had worked against her. She would deal with them later. Right now she needed to focus on hardening her heart against whatever Drue had in mind.

  The drive back to Oak Creek was done in almost complete silence. An hour into it Tori actually dozed off. She hadn’t slept the last two nights. Leaning against the cab door in the back by herself as Kevin and Drue rode up front, primarily because he wasn’t taking any chances on her running, Drue could see the shadows under her eyes. He would make sure he was never the cause of those sleepless nights again. And if he was, it would be due to pleasure and not pain.
  They pulled into Tori’s drive around five that afternoon. 
   He opened the cab door to wake her. Gently he caressed her face.
  “Victoria, we’re home. Wake up, honey.”
  Slowly she stirred until recognition dawned. She sat up straight. Drue could almost see the armor going back into place.
  She certainly wasn’t going to make this easy. Guess he couldn’t blame her.
  “I don’t suppose you want to join us for dinner tonight?” he asked her.
  “No, thank you.” she replied tartly.
  “Have it your way. I’ll be over to talk after dinner.”
  “Doesn’t mean I’ll be available.” she retorted, tired of being pushed around.
  He had her up against the truck in five seconds flat.
  “Still striking matches and not expecting to get burned?” he whispered against her ear.
  “Expect me at eight.”
  He got back in the truck and looked at Kevin who had been silent through the entire episode.
  “What?” Drue asked his brother frustratingly.
  “I’ve just never seen you like this. You really do love her, don’t you?”
  “Yes, I really do.” He shifted into gear and headed home.
  Kevin knew how stubborn Tori could be when she set her mind to it. He had to make sure she was going to listen to Drue. He stepped outside the house to try and call her cell phone. Of course, she ignored him, so he sent her a text. 
  “You didn’t hear the entire convo.” he messaged. “Listen to him. Give him a chance to explain.”
  Tori held her phone and frowned at the messaged Kevin had just sent.
  What did he mean she hadn’t heard the whole conversation? She’d heard enough to know they were headed for trouble.  
  Eight o’clock sharp a knock came at the front door. Ready or not, she guessed it was time to get this over with.
  Taking a steadying breath, she opened the door and let Drue in.
  “Wasn’t sure if you would open the door or not.” he stated quite simply.
  “Didn’t think I had an option.”
  “Let’s sit down in the kitchen. I could use a cup of coffee.” He took her hand in his and led her into the kitchen. She didn’t pull away, which he took as a positive sign.
  Whatever she was, Tori wasn’t a hateful person. In fact the entire reason she had broken it off with him was due to not wanting to come between him and his brother’s relationship.
  Tori fixed two cups and sat across from him waiting to hear what he had to say.
  “First let me say I’m sorry I was such a unmitigated ass.”
  That was not what she had expected to hear.
  “Go on.”
  “You have to admit this thing between us opened the floodgates and there was no looking back. I wasn’t exactly prepared for the siege of emotions I would feel, especially when it came to your close relationship with Kevin.” he continued.
  “After we made love, it got under my skin more and more. I didn’t know how to process it. I just knew I didn’t like the thought of another man’s hands on you, not even my brother’s.”
  Tori knew he had been jealous, but that did not excuse the things she heard him say in the garage to Kevin.
  “I wanted you more than anything and for the first time, I could see the possibilities of that being a reality. When it was, I was afraid that Kevin might get in the way of that. I wanted to keep you all to myself. I discovered I have a little alpha male in me that I didn’t know I had. Combine that with all the new feelings I was experiencing, it was the perfect combustible cocktail. When you fell into Kevin’s arms after he walked in on us, I just lost it.”
  “I meant what I said, Drue.” she said softly with her head bowed. “I won’t be the thing that comes between you and your brother, and I will never choose between you.”
  He sighed. “I know what you heard. Essentially you heard my little tantrum telling Kevin that you belonged to me, and I would make you choose. After I said a few more stupid things, my brother set me straight on all of it. You must of left before then. If you had stayed you would have heard him. He said if I couldn’t see how in love you were with me and that he loved you like a sister, and he definitely didn’t want to sleep with his sister. Well, you get the picture.” he said grimly.
  “It took all the wind out of my sails and made me see how selfish and immature I was being. I have waited for you and wanted you for so long, I just didn’t want to share you. I know it was stupid, but I’m only human.”
  Tori was afraid to believe that he and Kevin had truly worked through this. Even if they had this time around, would Drue be able to deal with their friendship in the future?
  “All I’m asking is that you sleep on it and talk with Kevin tomorrow. Then decide if you are willing to give me another chance. If not, I’ll take you back to Chicago on Sunday after the festival.”
  He looked at her hopefully. “Will you do that at least?”
  He grasped her hand pleadingly.
  Looking into his eyes, Tori saw the same pain in his as she knew was reflected in her own.
  “Yes, I’ll sleep on it, and we can talk tomorrow.”
  “Thank you, Victoria.” 
  Standing they walked to the front door. He embraced her then gently and kissed the top of her head.
  “Just remember how much I love you. I’m still new at this too, ya know.”
  With that he was gone and she was alone.
  Exhausted she didn’t want to think anymore tonight. She wanted to get lost in dreamland where sugarplums and fairies danced, she hoped.
  Regardless of whether she wanted to or not, she had to face reality tomorrow.



Chapter Twenty-five

  Today was the day the town had been waiting for all month. The Fall Festival had arrived. Booths lined   Main Street with local fare. Fresh grown vegetables, jams, pies and arts and crafts filled the four block area. Games were set up for kids and adults alike.
  All the Main Street activities would take place until six o’clock. Then the party would start at the Morgans’s place.
  She wasn’t in much of a party mood. Sitting on the front porch nursing a cup of coffee, she replayed all that Drue had confessed last night.
  Was she being a coward to turn tail and run away from the love of her life, or was she making the best decision for all involved?
  What if it didn’t work out, she asked herself.
  What if it did? It was almost like someone had whispered in her ear. She looked to her left where the front porch swing was moving gently. There really wasn’t any breeze to speak of.
  She smiled. I hear you, she thought to herself as she thought of her grandmother.
  Hadn’t she been the one to push Drue to take a leap and find out where it would lead them? He had, and now she was walking away at the first sign of trouble?
  He had been nothing but loving, caring and giving to her throughout the past few weeks. 
  Quite frankly she had been miserable the past two days without him. Imagining the rest of her life without him just wasn’t an option she wanted to accept.
  She loved him and wanted to be with him, and if his knuckle-headed alpha male reared its ugly head from time to time, she would just have to tame him.
  Smiling she knew it was time to start getting ready for the dance. It was going to take some time to put her war paint on.

  She had asked Kevin to pick her up instead of Drue. She had wanted an opportunity to speak with him before the dance.
  When she came out to get in the truck, he whistled low. 
  “Wow! My brother is going to have a heart attack when he sees you in that dress, and how did you get your hair to curl like that. You look amazing!” he gushed.
  Her violet gown brought out the red highlights in her auburn hair, which had been rolled in large banana curls and fastened and shaped around her face. Her gown was form fitting and exposed her bosom just enough for the imagination and flowed outward to the floor from the waist down.
  “You, kind sir, are a flirt.” she teased. 
  “Ah, she smiles. Does this mean we have a truce for the evening?” he asked with slight trepidation.
  “Answer me one question, Kevin.” she said very seriously.
  “Anything. You know that.” he replied.
  “Did you and your brother really work through the weirdness and adjustments of he and I being in a relationship?” Her future hinged on his response.
  “Yes, we did, Tori. Now that’s not to say there won’t be future disagreements as we transition this and learn how to adjust, but that’s life isn’t it? The key is for all of us to work it out. You can’t run when things get difficult. You have to face your fears. We all do. He loves you, ya know.”
  “I know. I love him too.”
   “Enough of this nonsense. We have a party to attend.”

  Guests had been arriving since six o’clock. It was now just after seven. People danced the two-step out on the laid out dance floor in the center of the barn.
  All around were tables scattered with candles adorning them as centerpieces. 
What caught Tori’s fascination was the effect of all the white lights strung throughout the barn with greenery. It looked like the enchanted forest. It was beautiful.
  “Ms. Bennett, may I have this dance?” Kevin bowed to her and asked for her hand.
  She giggled and curtsied in return.
  He twirled her around the floor, his movements fluid and at ease. He always had been a good dancer, and they had danced together for years.
  Her gaze roamed the barn, but she still had seen no sign of Drue. Where was he? She was anxious to see him and wasn’t entirely sure where to start when she did.
  The song ended and Kevin put his arm out for her. She clasped his as he walked her off the dance floor.
  “How about some lemonade?” he asked.
  “Sure. That would be great.” She thanked him as he left her to collect their drinks. Nervousness built in her. She wanted to see Drue.
  Suddenly the sounds of Brett Eldredge’s Mean To Me flowed through the speakers and in her ear she heard, “Dance with me.”
   Instant tingling sensations swamped her as Drue led her to the dance floor. He pulled her in close as the song began, a man professing his love in the ways that the object of his affection meant to him. She lay her head on his shoulder as the song washed over them. 
  They fit so perfectly together. She thought her heart might burst from the emotions overwhelming her.   How could she have thought to give this man up when he was her everything?
  She raised her head to look up at his face. All the love she felt for him was reflected in his own eyes. She gasped not even realizing it.
  “I want to be all those things to you, Victoria, especially the one that changes your name.”
  He stopped dancing and stepped back from her. What was he doing?
  Looking up at the band as the song finished, he nodded his head. All was quiet.
  “What’s going on,  Drue? What are you doing?”
  “Victoria, you mean everything to mean. I can’t see a future, not a happy one, without you. I love you.”
  Suddenly he dropped to one knee right in the middle of the dance floor with half the town looking on.
  “Drue…” she whispered.
  “Let me be the one to change your name. Be mine forever, Victoria Winslow. Come home where you belong and marry me.”
  She stood in shock and amazement as he reached in his pocket and retrieved a ring box. When he opened it, the most beautiful oval-shaped sapphire sparkled up at her.
  “A diamond didn’t convey to you how much you mean to me. When you look at this sapphire I want you to remember every day that there is no ocean deep enough to show you what you really mean to me.”
  Tears now streamed down Tori’s face as she watched him take the ring from the box. As he held it suspended, waiting to place it on her hand, he asked again.
  “Will you be my wife forever and always?”
  She nodded her affirmation because she didn’t think she could speak.
  He placed the ring on her finger, and she couldn’t hold back. She leaped into his arms, her lips finding his. Forgetting they were in a barn filled with people, their love was cemented with an endless kiss.
  Well, endless until the thundering applause broke through their euphoria. 
  She broke away, burying her face in his neck. He held her tightly, never intending to let her go.
  “I love you, Drue, forever and always.”
  He cupped her face and placed a chaste kiss on her lips.
  “Welcome Home, Victoria. Welcome Home.”


Epilogue

  “Come on, Tori! Sit still. I’m almost finished.”
  Katy put the last of several beaded bobby pins in Tori’s hair. It had been pulled up on top of her head, but pieces cascaded down her back with daisies placed throughout.
  “You look amazing, Tori. I don’t know if Drue will make it through the ceremony without his alpha side throwing you over his shoulder and taking you in the barn.”
  She felt beautiful but more because of what was on the inside. She had to admit she didn’t look half bad for a bride, her dress a traditional floor-length gown adorned with lace around the edges. It was cut straight across her chest and rested just below her shoulders.
  She couldn’t believe it had been just six short months ago that Drue had proposed.
  Since then she had moved back from Chicago. They were going to make her grandparents’ house their home.
  Her job had agreed to let her continue her employment from here as she was one of their best editors. On top of that, she had already mapped out her next book.
  Her first release had steadily climbed the NY Best Sellers lists. She couldn’t be happier.
  “Are you ready? I think it’s time.” Katy said as she heard Mr. and Mrs. Morgan knock at the door.
  Mrs. Morgan was already in tears. “Honey, I am so happy for both of you. We love you so much.” 
  Mr. Morgan was walking her down the aisle.
  “You’ve always been a part of this family. I am very pleased to see that be made official today.” He kissed her cheek.
  “Are you ready? I think my son has worn a hole in the carpet pacing back and forth. If we don’t get you out there, I’m pretty sure he will come and get you himself.”
  Tori had no doubt that he would. She loved the fact that he was not willing to let anything stand in the way of them being together.
  They had decided to marry on the adjoining two properties that had brought them all together in the first place.
  It was a beautiful April day for a wedding. Katy was her maid-of-honor and Kevin was Drue’s best man.
  She had watched the two of them together over the last week and thought she had seen a spark a time or two. Wouldn’t it be something if…well, she guessed she better focus on her own match at the moment before worrying about her two best friends.

  The wedding march signaled to her it was time. Everyone stood as Mr. Morgan walked her down the aisle that was lined with daisies. The bright yellow ribbons danced in the breeze as she made her way to Drue.
  His eyes were intense as they locked with hers. She felt no fear as she drew closer to him only anticipation.
  Mr. Morgan handed her over to Drue, and he clasped her hand tightly not letting go.
Over his shoulder she saw Kevin smile and wink at her. 
  Her heart overflowed with happiness. She couldn’t imagine being anywhere else.
  She had truly come home.


About the Author

Savanna Grey is the author of Coming Home. Falling in the contemporary romance genre, her stories relate to real-life situations with the best imaginary friends you could ever have, according to author. Her passion for writing developed due to her love of reading. She looks forward to sharing her upcoming novels and hopes that you enjoy reading them as much as she does writing them.  Savanna lives in North Carolina with her husband, four children, a spoiled dog and grumpy cat. When she is not writing, she is spending time at the river enjoying her family and friends.
