
COMING HOME
The Protectors Series, Book 5
by Leeanna Morgan

Copyright © 2017 Leeanna Morgan
Smashwords Edition
ISBN 978-0-9941444-1-6
Published by Rogan Press

For more information visit www.leeannamorgan.com

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead, is co-incidental.

All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the US Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without prior permission of the author.
About This Book
Stan Lewis is the director of Bozeman Deaconess Hospital. With less than three months until the opening of a new neonatal unit, he needs to organize the biggest fundraising event Montana has ever seen. An event staging company could be the answer to all his problems, or create more than he ever imagined. 

Mia Costas is a successful artist, not an event planner. But, when two of her best friends ask her to help stage a charity gala, she reluctantly agrees. When she realizes how important the event is, she knows she’s not the best person for the job—and so will Stan if he discovers who she is.

With the hopes of more than one child resting on their shoulders, Stan and Mia work together to create a night no one will forget. And maybe, if they let themselves believe in the power of love, they can create a little magic of their own.

Coming Home is the fifth book in The Protectors Series and can easily be read as a stand-alone. All of Leeanna's series are linked. If you meet a character you like, you could find them in another book. If you would like to hear about new releases, giveaways and more news, please join Leeanna’s newsletter group at www.leeannamorgan.com. Happy reading!


Other Contemporary Romances by Leeanna Morgan

Montana Brides:
Book 1: Forever Dreams (Gracie and Trent)
Book 2: Forever in Love (Amy and Nathan)
Book 3: Forever After (Nicky and Sam)
Book 4: Forever Wishes (Erin and Jake)
Book 5: Forever Santa: a Montana Brides Christmas Novella
Book 6: Forever Cowboy (Emily and Alex)
Book 7: Forever Together (Kate and Dan)
Book 8: Forever and a Day (Sarah and Jordan)

The Bridesmaids Club:
Book 1: All of Me (Tess and Logan)
Book 2: Loving You (Annie and Dylan)
Book 3: Head Over Heels (Sally and Todd)
Book 4: Sweet on You (Molly and Jacob)

Emerald Lake Billionaires:
Book 1: Sealed with a Kiss (Rachel and John)
Book 2: Playing for Keeps (Sophie and Ryan)
Book 3: Crazy Love (Holly and Daniel)
Book 4: One And Only (Elizabeth and Blake)

The Protectors:
Book 1: Safe Haven (Hayley and Tank)
Book 2: Just Breathe (Kelly and Tanner)
Book 3: Always (Mallory and Grant)
Book 4: The Promise (Ashley and Matthew)
Book 5: Coming Home (Mia and Stan)
Book 6: The Gift (Hannah and Brett)
Book 7: The Wish (Claire and Jason)
CHAPTER ONE
“What about this one?” Mia held a watercolor canvas against the wall.
Claire shook her head. “It doesn’t look right. You need something more vibrant beside the other paintings.” She walked across to the table in the middle of the room. “Here. Try this one.”
Mia swapped the canvases over. “Tell me quickly if it works. This one’s heavy.” After choosing where more than thirty paintings would be hung for their exhibition, her arms were aching. “Is it okay?”
“It’s perfect.”
“Thank goodness for that.” Mia carefully placed the oil painting on the floor, leaning the top edge against the wall. She looked around her grandfather’s art gallery and smiled. “This will be our biggest exhibition yet.”
Claire picked up her clipboard and frowned. “Everyone from the Bozeman Art Collective has dropped off their work except Elizabeth. I hope she’s okay.”
“I’ll give her a call.” Mia rolled her shoulders, trying to relax her sore muscles. At five-foot-three she wasn’t tall by anyone’s standard. Holding the paintings while they decided where to hang them wouldn’t have been difficult if she’d been Claire’s height.
The side door to the exhibition space opened and Claire’s sister, Hannah, walked inside. “Wow. You’ve done so much.”
“Granddad has organized his usual team to hang the paintings this afternoon. All we had to do was decide where they would go.” Mia tilted her head. “You look worried. What’s happened?”
Hannah dropped her bag on a chair. “Do you remember when I told you about the Jenkins’ wedding?”
“The one that would be Montana’s wedding of the year?”
“That’s the one.”
Claire’s mouth dropped open. “Did we get the contract to stage their reception?”
“Not exactly.”
For someone who had been talking nonstop about the wedding, Hannah didn’t seem very excited. 
“What did they say?” Claire asked.
Hannah crossed her arms. “Mrs. Jenkins wants us to organize the whole wedding.”
“Everything? But we’re not wedding planners.”
“I know. But Mrs. Jenkins and her daughter saw what we did for the Trembaths’ wedding. They want something similar, only bigger.”
Claire frowned. “But the Trembaths only had fifty guests. At last count, Beverly and Craig’s guest list was up to 258.”
“I tried telling Mrs. Jenkins that this would be the first wedding we’d ever managed, but she wasn’t worried.”
Mia watched the two sisters digest what an event of that size would mean. As well as being talented artists, Claire and Hannah ran their own event staging company. It had taken a lot of hard work, long hours, and a folder of glowing referrals to get them to where they were today. 
Claire bit her bottom lip. “The Jenkins family own one of the largest ranches in Montana. There will be people coming from across America for Beverly’s wedding. We can’t say no.”
Hannah opened her laptop. “I’ve looked at our schedule. We already have a lot of pre-Christmas events to stage. And we know what Mrs. Jenkins and her daughter are like from the engagement party. They might say they want something similar to the Trembaths, but they’re just as likely to change their minds.”
Mia was so glad that all she had to worry about was the art exhibition. “I don’t mean to state the obvious, but why don’t you ask someone to help you?”
“We won’t be able to find anyone on such short notice, especially this close to Christmas,” Claire said with a sigh. “The part-time staff we hired aren’t ready for the responsibility of organizing a huge wedding.”
“Not the wedding,” Mia said. “The other events you’re staging. If the Jenkins’ contract attracts more clients, maybe you should concentrate on their wedding.”
Claire looked at her sister. “Mia’s right. We need to prioritize.”
Nick Costas, Mia’s grandfather, walked into the exhibition space. “How are my girls doing?” His eyebrows rose. “It cannot be as bad as that.”
Mia handed her grandfather a brown paper bag. “This is from Tess. She made huckleberry muffins this morning.”
Nick’s smile was instant. “She is a woman after my own heart.” 
Her grandfather’s thick, Greek accent made Mia chuckle. “You’re nearly seventy-five years old, granddad. Tess is married and too young for you.”
“I am young at heart. Now, Claire. Tell me what is worrying you. It is not like you and Hannah to be sad.”
“We’ve been asked to plan a huge wedding, but we can’t fit it into our schedule.”
“Show me this schedule.” Nick perched his reading glasses on the end of his nose and peered at the computer screen.
Claire stood beside her sister. “Most of the work has already been done for the local high school and mall contracts. I could still do the corporate Christmas party.”
“And these?” Nick pointed to something on the screen. 
“They’re our regular events,” Hannah said. “Our part-time staff could look after them.”
Mia moved closer. Even though she knew Claire and Hannah were busy, she was surprised at the number of events they were juggling.
“This is the one that worries me the most.” Hannah tapped her finger against the screen. 
Nick leaned closer. “A charity gala for the hospital?”
“They booked us six months ago. We can’t let them down.”
“What does this charity gala involve?”
Hannah opened another file. “It will be a Christmas-themed event. There’ll be a buffet dinner and dancing. As soon as the hospital director approves the concept plans and budget we’ll start booking what we need.”
Mia studied the photos on Hannah’s laptop. It looked like your typical North Pole Christmas scene, complete with snowmen, candy canes, and Santa’s reindeer.
Nick pursed his lips. “I have an idea. Mia can work on the hospital gala for you.”
Mia shook her head. “I’ve never done anything like that in my life, granddad. It would be a disaster.”
“Your friends need help.”
“It’s okay,” Claire said. “You don’t have to help us. You’re busy teaching, and your next exhibition isn’t far away. We’ll tell Mrs. Jenkins that we can’t organize her daughter’s wedding.”
Mia pulled out a stool and sat down. “When are Beverly and Craig getting married?”
“The second Saturday in January. They didn’t want a long engagement and that was the only date the caterer could manage.” Hannah closed the Jenkins’ file. “Organizing a wedding of that size in four months would be difficult for any company.”
Mia glanced at her granddad. Big mistake. His pale blue eyes bored into her soul, making her feel guilty for not saying yes straight away. “You know how busy I am.”
“You are a good girl, Mia. You will do the right thing.”
She sighed, wondering how on earth she could say no to her granddad and two of her closest friends. “I’ll let you know tomorrow morning if I can help.”
Claire and Hannah’s relieved smiles made her feel worse. 
Nick patted her hand. “Your pappouli has complete faith in you.”
And those words, thought Mia, would ultimately seal her fate. 

***
Stan Lewis bent his head. He didn’t need to read the words on his wife’s headstone to trigger the wave of grief rolling through him. 
Over the last nine years, he’d visited Sandra’s grave more times than he could remember. He knew the names of the people buried around her. He’d even met most of their relatives.
 “Happy birthday, mom.” Annabelle, his eleven-year-old daughter, walked toward Sandra’s grave. With infinite care, she placed six pink roses on each side of the headstone. 
Her small hand brushed across the silver letters. Stan swallowed, knowing it was her only physical connection to the woman who had loved her for two short years.
When she walked back to him, he wrapped his arm around her thin shoulders.
“Do you think mom’s happy in heaven?”
Tears filled his eyes. “I hope she’s very happy. Did you know that she loved celebrating birthdays? One year, she put so many candles on Grandma Jemma’s birthday cake that it exploded into flames.”
Annabelle’s eyes shot open. “Really? What happened next?”
“Grandpa Joe was going to use the fire extinguisher to put out the flames. But your mom had spent hours making the cake and she didn’t want it ruined. Before Grandpa Joe got back, she dropped a saucepan lid over the flames.”
“Did you eat the cake?”
Stan smiled. “We did. Your mom scraped off the frosting and cut it into big slices. It still tasted great.” A cold wind made him shiver. “We should go home soon.”
“Before we go, can you tell me about the day you met mom?”  
Stan had told Annabelle that story so many times she must have known it by heart. “Okay, but you need to wear your jacket.”
She took her red padded jacket out of his hands. With an impish grin, she rolled up the zipper to her chin. “Better?”
“Much better.” He stood behind her and draped his hands over her shoulders. “Let’s see…where should I begin?”
“At the dance,” she said softly. “Tell me what mom was wearing when you first saw her.”
He kissed the top of Annabelle’s head. With his eyes closed, he remembered the tall redhead who had taken his breath away. For thirteen years they’d been inseparable, until one day, she left him forever. 
He wiped his eyes and described Sandra’s blue dress, the one she’d borrowed from her cousin. 
Annabelle sighed and leaned against him, sharing with him a long-ago memory.
Fall leaves tumbled to the ground, the wind whispered through the trees, and another year passed without the woman who made him complete.

***
A light tap on Stan’s office door didn’t stop him from typing. He needed to finish the report he was writing by the end of the day. Nothing, barring a bomb threat or an outbreak of the plague, would stop him.
“How can I help, Gina?”
“Sorry to interrupt, but have you had a chance to look at the proposal for the charity gala?”
He glanced at the folder in his in-tray. It had been sitting there for a week. “Not yet. Is Deirdre desperate for an answer?”
“She needs to let the caterers and staging company know whether they can go ahead.”
“I’m busy at the moment. Can it wait until tomorrow?” He opened another document, copied some text, then returned to the report he was writing.
“If you don’t look at it today, your major fundraiser for the neonatal unit might not happen.”
Stan glanced at his secretary. “The gala is three months away.”
“The only two contractors that Deirdre has booked are the caterers and the staging company. If you don’t make a decision soon, they won’t be able to finalize their plans.”
He rubbed his forehead, wondering how he ever thought being the director of a Level III Trauma Center could be easier than his job in Chicago. 
“I’ll look at the report as soon as I’ve finished what I’m doing.”
Gina walked across the room and placed the folder in front of him. “When you’ve made your decision, let me know.”
Stan leaned back in his chair. “Tell me again why I employed you?”
“Because I’m bossy and keep you on your toes.”
He picked up the folder and started reading. By the time he made it to the second page, he knew their major fundraiser was in danger of becoming a major flop. 
“Whose idea was it to do a Christmas theme?”
“You’ll have to ask Deirdre, but it is Christmas.” 
“And everyone who buys tickets for the gala would have been to at least three Christmas events before they walk through our doors. There’s only so much Christmas spirit to go around.”
Gina’s eyebrows rose. “You sound like the Grinch.”
Stan closed the folder. He’d seen enough to know what his answer would be. “I’m a realist, and my answer is no.”
“No?”
He held out the folder. “Tell Deirdre to make an appointment to see me, but not today. If she brings two or three new ideas to the meeting, it will make the whole process a lot quicker.”
Gina took the folder. “I hope you know what you’re doing.”
“Trust me. Santa won’t have enough pulling power to sell all the tickets. We need something unique that no one else has done.”
“I’ll let Deirdre know. You’ve got fifteen minutes until your next appointment arrives.”
Stan looked at the time and groaned. As much as he wanted to delay the meeting, he needed to see his chief financial officer. The future of the neonatal unit could depend on it.

***
Mia always enjoyed going to Angel Wings Café. It wasn’t the delicious food or seeing her friend Tess, the café’s owner, that made it special. It was the atmosphere that snuck up on you, cocooning you in its warmth and making you glad you stepped through the door.
She smiled and breathed in the heavenly scent of cinnamon and spice.
“You look as though you could stay here all day.” Tess left a carafe of water on a table and wiped her hands on her apron. “We’re working on our Christmas menu.”
Mia looked around the café for Claire and Hannah. “If you want someone to test your baking, I’m all yours.”
“You’ll have to stand behind Logan. My darling husband told me he’s losing too much weight. Training with Dylan is taking a toll on his body.” 
“When is the Ironman competition?”
“In three weeks. He’s getting up at five o’clock and going for a run, then swimming for forty minutes, before driving here for breakfast.”
“I feel tired just thinking about that amount of exercise.”
“You and me both. But listening to what Logan’s doing isn’t why you came here. Would you like a table or do you want to take something away with you?”
“A table, please. I’m meeting Hannah and Claire.”
Tess walked toward a table under the front window. “You’ll be able to see them arrive from here. You’ve all been so busy, it’s a wonder you have time to stop for coffee.”
“That’s what our meeting is about. They’ve asked me to stage one of their events.”
“Wow. I’m impressed.”
“Don’t be. I haven’t done anything like this before.”
“But you’re going to do it?”
Mia nodded. “I just hope I do a good job.”
Tess glanced at the front counter. “I need to serve some customers, but don’t worry. You’re creative and have a great sense of style. I can’t think of a better person to help Claire and Hannah.”
“You’ve made me feel better already. I knew there was a reason we decided to meet here.”
“I know another one. Come and see me before you go—I have a tray of cinnamon rolls in the kitchen. Good luck with your meeting.” Tess hurried across the café, smiling at the people waiting to pay their bill.
Mia took off her jacket and sat down. Before she had a chance to look at the menu, Claire and Hannah burst into the café. 
“Sorry we’re late,” Hannah said breathlessly.
“You’re not late. I’ve only been here a few minutes.”
Claire unbuttoned her red coat. “Deirdre O’Connell called us just before we left.”
“Who’s Deirdre?” Mia asked.
“She was organizing the charity gala at the hospital.”
Mia’s eyes widened. “Was?”
Hannah nodded. “Her husband is being transferred to Oregon at the end of the month. She doesn’t think it’s fair to keep working on the gala when she won’t be here much longer.”
“Is the hospital looking for someone else to do her job?”
“They are, but it won’t be easy.” Claire took a folder out of her bag. “Deirdre wasn’t being paid and the next person might not be able to volunteer their time. The budget for the event isn’t huge, so I’m not sure what the Director of the hospital will do.”
Mia had been hoping the person organizing the gala would be able to give her some guidance. “I have something to tell you, too, only I’m not so sure it’s a good idea anymore.”
Hannah sighed. “It’s Deirdre, isn’t it? I knew that could be a deal breaker.”
Mia leaned forward. “I thought about the gala last night and I worked out a way of helping you. But with the main organizer gone, it could be too much.”
“We’ll help you as much as we can,” Claire said. “If the Jenkins’ wedding takes less time to organize than we think it will, we’ll be right beside you.”
“What if the hospital director doesn’t like the way I’ve interpreted the theme?”
Hannah cleared her throat. “Umm…that’s our other news. The hospital director didn’t like the Christmas theme.”
Mia must have misunderstood what Hannah said. “What didn’t he like about it?” 
“According to Deirdre, everything. He thinks people will be tired of Christmas events by the time the gala is held. He wants to see two or three new concepts before he gives his approval to go ahead.” 
Mia hadn’t paid that much attention to the concept plans, but what she’d seen didn’t look that bad. “Did Deirdre show him more ideas?”
Claire shook her head. “No. That’s what we need to work through today.”
Hannah pulled her laptop out of its case. “Can we order something to eat and drink? I didn’t have lunch and we could be here for a while.”
Mia checked her watch. “Food is a good idea, but I need to be gone by four o’clock. Will that be a problem?”
“No. It’s perfect.” Hannah studied her menu. 
Within five minutes they’d placed their order and were brainstorming different gala themes.
“What about Moulin Rouge?” Claire suggested. 
Hannah typed it into her spreadsheet.
Mia leaned forward. “If the hospital director wants something different, what about, Under the Sea? We could transform the venue into an underwater aquarium.”
Claire touched her sister’s arm. “Or what about a medieval theme? We could encourage people to dress as knights, damsels in distress, and rugged warriors.”
“Did they have rugged warriors in the Middle Ages?” Hannah asked.
“Every century has warriors,” Claire said with a smile. “They just dress differently.”
Mia took her cell phone out of her pocket and looked online for inspiration. “Here are two more. What about a Secret Garden or Broadway?”
Hannah nodded and typed them into her laptop. “I like them. Okay, that gives us five ideas. Are there any more?”
“We staged a masquerade ball last year,” Claire said. “We could recycle some of the props we used for that.”
Hannah opened a folder on her laptop. “I’ll show Mia the photos of events we’ve staged in the past. If we use any of those themes, it will be easier to put together some concept plans.”
She spun her laptop around. “Press the space bar when you’re ready to see the next image.”
“We wouldn’t do them exactly the same,” Claire said. “But we could recycle some of the bigger structural pieces.”
This time, Mia didn’t hurry through the photos. “They’re all so different. I like the way you use lighting to add extra atmosphere to the events.”
“It’s all smoke and mirrors,” Hannah said. “Our goal is to transport people to a different world as soon as they walk into the venue.”
Mia’s mouth dropped open when she saw the next photo. “Wow. I’ve never seen such enormous trees, and the fairy lights…”
Claire leaned sideways. “That was the Abertons’ wedding in July. They wanted a Lord of the Rings theme, so we recreated Lothlórien—a forest and elven realm beside the Misty Mountains. The backdrop was incredible. Once we added dry ice, even we had to look twice to make sure we were still in Bozeman.”
Mia flicked backward and forward through the Lord of the Rings photos. “Do you still have the backdrop you used at the Abertons’ wedding?”
“It’s in a warehouse on the edge of town,” Claire said. “What were you thinking of doing with it?”
“It would make a great fantasy masquerade ball backdrop. We could paint a castle between the trees and add fireflies and fairies to the edges. It would look amazing.”
Hannah looked at her sister. “It might just work. Deirdre booked the Baxter Hotel, the same venue as the Abertons’ wedding. It would take a lot of maneuvering to lift it upstairs, but it could be done.”
Claire took a notebook out of her bag. “And what’s even better is that it wouldn’t cost a lot to make it look great. That would leave Mia with more than enough money to decorate the rest of the hotel.”
Hannah’s fingers flew across her keyboard. “That’s one idea. Now all we need are two others, a draft budget, and a few photos. I hope the director of the hospital has a good imagination.”
Mia frowned. Anyone who rejected a Christmas-themed gala needed more than a good imagination. A sprinkling of festive cheer might be better for everyone.

***
Mia sipped a drink and watched everyone admire the art inside her grandfather’s gallery. Exhibitions were usually nerve-wracking, but this one was fun.
The Bozeman Art Collective had two exhibitions each year. This was by far their largest.
“Holly’s arrived,” Claire whispered.
Mia turned to her friend. “I thought she left for Scotland today?’
“She changed her tickets so that she could be here. If you want to see her, she’s standing beside your painting.”
“Do you want to come with me?”
“I’m on waitressing duty in five minutes. I’d better collect a tray of finger food from my sister, or she’ll send out a search party.”
Mia smiled. “I’ll see you later. I’m taking over from Hannah in half an hour.” She moved across the room, determined to say goodbye to Holly in person. Their brief phone call the other day had worried Mia. 
Holly had started the Bozeman Art Collective with Mia more than eighteen months ago. They’d wanted to create a place where artists could meet and support each other. As well as painters and sculptors, they had weavers, porcelain doll-makers, and jewelers in their group. At first, they’d been worried that the range of art was too diverse. But after the first few meetings they realized it was the difference between everyone’s work that made their meetings enjoyable.
As she wove between their guests, Mia caught little pieces of conversation. What she heard made her happy. Everyone was enjoying themselves, and from all the red stickers on the art, most pieces had been sold. 
Holly stood beside Mia’s granddad, nodding at something he was saying.
“You’re not keeping Holly from her adoring fans are you, granddad?”
Nick Costas’ eyebrows rose. “Who me?”
Holly linked her hand through Nick’s elbow. “Your granddad was telling me about your exhibition in San Francisco. Why didn’t you tell me it’s at the John Williams Gallery? That’s huge.”
“I’m already nervous about what the critics will say. If I’d told you where it was, I would be even more nervous.”
Holly had exhibited at some of the most prestigious galleries in the world. Her paintings sold for thousands of dollars, but she still had her feet firmly planted on the ground. She was one of the most generous people Mia knew and she was glad they were friends.
“You don’t need to be nervous,” Holly said. “You’re an incredible artist.”
Nick sighed. “I tell my little girl that all the time. But does she listen to her pappouli? No.”
“You’re biased, granddad.”
“I may be biased, but I know talent when I see it. You were invited to exhibit in San Francisco because your paintings are beautiful.”
Holly wrapped her arm around Mia’s waist. “When are you going to resign from your teaching position and become a full-time artist?”
“I can’t. Not yet.”
“That’s what you said last year.”
“I know, but it’s a big step.”
Nick patted Holly’s arm. “I will leave you to talk some sense into my granddaughter. Say hello to your father for me.”
“I will. I’ll see you when I get back from Scotland.”
Nick kissed Holly’s cheek. “I will look forward to that.” 
Mia smiled as her granddad moved with surprising speed toward a woman wearing a black jacket. 
“I think your granddad likes Kathy.”
“They’re good friends,” Mia said. “Even though he still works, he gets lonely. They went to the movies last night.”
“That’s so sweet. And what about you?”
“I don’t have enough time to be lonely. Between teaching, painting, and working with granddad, there aren’t enough hours in the day.”
“Remind me what your New Year’s resolutions were.”
“I never keep them,” Mia muttered. 
“You won’t if you don’t make them happen.”
“Painting full-time and going on at least five dates were silly resolutions. Losing ten pounds would have been easier.”
Holly shook her head. “You don’t need to lose weight, and they aren’t silly. Do you still enjoy teaching?”
“You know I do. It’s my manager that’s the problem.”
“He doesn’t appreciate you.”
That was only half the problem. Steven Murdoch didn’t have a creative bone in his body. Mia had no idea how he’d become a senior lecturer. His imagination was nonexistent and his definition of teamwork was to tell his staff what to do, then yell at them if they didn’t follow his instructions. 
“You’re in a toxic relationship with your boss.”
Mia scrunched up her nose. “I don’t want to be in any relationship with him.”
Holly pointed to Mia’s painting. “This is what you need to be doing. Your paintings are fantastic.”
“One day I’ll be a full-time artist.”
“Don’t let life sweep you in a different direction.”
Heat hit Mia’s face. Helping Claire and Hannah with the hospital gala was definitely keeping her away from painting. If she wanted her canvases to be ready for her exhibition in San Francisco, she needed to make time to finish them. 
Holly took two glasses of wine off a tray. “Let’s make a toast. To friendship, New Year’s resolutions, and a happy future.”
Mia held her glass toward Holly. “And to granddad. Without his support we wouldn’t have this space to make a lot of people’s dreams come true.”
“To Nick,” Holly repeated as they clinked their glasses together. 
Bubbles tickled Mia’s nose as she sipped the sparkling wine. If she was going to achieve any of her New Year’s resolutions she needed to do something fast. 
CHAPTER TWO
Stan opened the attachment on an email and frowned. Delivery of the neonatal ventilators had been delayed by three weeks. He needed to call the manufacturer, find out what the problem was, and fix it. Three weeks was pushing their schedule to the limit. 
Gina buzzed him.
He picked up his phone, only half-listening to what she said. 
“…shall I send her into your office?”
“Who?”
Gina’s sigh told him exactly what she thought of his ability to multi-task. 
“Mia Costas is here from Perfect Staging.”
With one click, he opened his appointment calendar. Flashing in red letters was Perfect Staging, the company that would make the gala into something no one would want to miss. “Send her through. Can you call Daniel and tell him I’ll be ten minutes late for lunch?”
“Okay. Do you want me to move your two o’clock appointment?”
“No. That one’s fine.” He replaced the phone on its cradle. After Deirdre told him she was resigning as the Fundraising Coordinator for their neonatal unit, he’d been worried. Without her working through the hundreds of individual details, financing the entire neonatal remodel from grants and donations was looking doubtful. 
His office door opened and a woman in her early thirties strode into the room. 
He rose from his chair and she froze. 
Her blue eyes widened and seemed to take in everything about him in one unblinking stare.
Something about her was familiar. He stared at her face, trying to remember where he’d seen her before. With a social life that was practically non-existent, he would have met her at a hospital function or something to do with his daughter.
He held out his hand. “I’m Stan Lewis, the director of the hospital.”
She took a deep breath and stepped forward. “I’m Mia Costas. It’s nice to meet you.”
He motioned toward two sofas on one side of his office. “Please, take a seat. I’m assuming Deirdre told you I wasn’t blown away by the idea of a Christmas theme for our gala?”
“She did. I brought some other ideas with me today.” Mia opened a satchel and pulled out a portfolio. 
Stan was surprised at her efficiency. He’d expected someone from an event staging company to be more dramatic, more extrovert and talkative than the woman in his office.
Mia sat on the edge of the sofa, her back ramrod straight. “You wanted something different. My colleagues and I came up with three concepts. We’ve included a budget and visual aids for each design.”
So far, so good. All he needed to do was to like one of their ideas and the gala would be on its way. He opened the portfolio and studied the first photographs and drawings.
“It wasn’t possible to capture all the elements that will be incorporated into each theme. But what you’ll see are the main focal points.” Mia pointed to a giant arch spanning an entranceway. “These are the main ideas for a fantasy masquerade ball. As soon as your guests enter the hotel, they’ll be greeted by staff dressed as woodland nymphs. The pine-covered arch signals the beginning of their journey.”
“Journey?”
“To the ball. There’ll be a carpet of pine needles leading into the main ballroom with trees and shrubs lining the walls. Dry ice, subtle lighting, and the sounds of a forest will add to the atmosphere and create a little magic.”
While she was talking, her hands moved across the page, highlighting other elements she’d included in her presentation. 
He didn’t know much about staging an event, but what she was showing him looked expensive.
She handed him another document. “I’ve emailed your secretary a copy of everything you’ll see today. This is the approximate cost of each concept. We’ve kept within your budget.”
He flicked through the pages. “You did all of this in the last three days?”
Mia nodded. “Planning an event this close to Christmas isn’t easy. If you want Perfect Staging to work with you, we’ll need to book equipment and contractors in the next week or two. Have you appointed another fundraising coordinator?”
That was one of the problems he was dealing with today. “Not yet, but I’m hopeful that someone will be in place by the end of next week.”
“That’s great. Are you ready to see the other ideas?”
He nodded, and Mia turned the page. 
Over the next thirty minutes they worked through each of the three themes, discussing the pros and cons of each design. 
After seeing all the concepts, Stan turned to the front of the portfolio. “This is the one I like.”
Mia smiled, and for the first time in long while, he felt a pull of attraction. 
“That’s my favorite, too. Your guests will be talking about the gala for months afterward.”
“As long as it helps raise the funds we need for the neonatal unit, I’ll be happy.”
“I’ll do everything I can to make that happen.” Mia took a piece of paper from her satchel. “All I need is your signature on this client agreement form. I’ll start ordering everything we need this afternoon.”
Stan added his signature to the form. “If you could ask Gina to scan the document on your way out, that would be great.”
Mia nodded. “Of course. Here’s a business card for Perfect Staging. I’ll be given any messages you leave for me.”
“Thank you. I’ll let you know when I have a new funding coordinator.”
“I’d appreciate that.” Mia slid her portfolio into her satchel. “I’m looking forward to working with the person you employ.”
Stan hoped neither of them was about to be let down. If the person he’d spoken to wasn’t interested in the position, he didn’t know what he’d do. 
He opened his office door and shook Mia’s hand. “Until we’ve appointed a coordinator, call me if you need anything.”
“I will. Thank you.”
That same feeling of having met Mia before washed over him. But no matter how hard he tried, he still couldn’t remember where he’d seen her. With an unusual reluctance, he closed his door and sat at his desk. 
With back-to-back meetings scheduled after lunch, he needed to forget about Mia and work through the other issues sitting in his inbox. Issues that had nothing to do with a five-foot-three brunette with a cute pixie nose and the bluest eyes he’d ever seen.

***
“I think he recognized me.” Mia buried her face in her hands. “It was so embarrassing.”
Hannah added a candle to the table decoration in front of her. “Did he say anything?”
“No, but as far as he’s concerned, I’m an employee of Perfect Staging. I want him to be confident in what I’m doing. If he remembers where he met me, he might think I’m a flirt.”
Hannah handed Mia a bowl of chocolate buttons. “Eat these and take a deep breath. You met him more than a year ago in an elevator in the hospital. He must see thousands of people in those elevators each year.”
“That’s true.”
“And Holly was in the elevator. You were having a conversation that Stan overheard. Nothing happened that you need to be worried about.”
Mia sighed. “I’m probably overreacting.”
“Stan’s not our biggest problem. I’m more worried about Deirdre leaving. The hospital needs a fundraising coordinator.”
It had been six days since Mia had met Stan. Each day, she’d expected him to call, telling her he’d found a replacement for Deirdre. But each day came and went, and she still hadn’t heard from him.
Mia handed Hannah another candle. “If he hasn’t called by tomorrow afternoon, I’ll contact his secretary. I have no idea where they’re up to in organizing the event.”
“Deirdre didn’t leave any files or instructions with us, but that doesn’t mean there aren’t any.” Hannah studied the pumpkin lanterns. “What do you think? They’re for a Thanksgiving Day wedding. I’m making samples of all our table decorations.”
Mia walked around the counter and tilted her head sideways. “I like them.”
“You don’t think they’re too clichéd?”
“It’s Thanksgiving. Everyone will expect to see pumpkins.”
Hannah wiped her hands on her apron. “I hope the bride feels the same way. Tell me what you’ve organized for the gala.”
“I’ve booked everything I can. The backdrop looks stunning, but it’s huge. I thought I’d paint the castle onto the canvas once it’s in the Baxter Hotel. That way I can do any touch-ups at the same time. It was pure luck that Becky could provide all the flowers and wreaths. She’s almost booked through to the end of January.”
“It sounds as though you’re on track with what you need to do.”
Mia wasn’t so sure. Without a fundraising coordinator, she didn’t know what Deirdre had booked and what still needed to be finalized. “I’ve changed my mind about contacting Stan. If I don’t call him today and find out what’s happening, I won’t be able to sleep.”
“If you need help with anything, let me know. Claire’s started planning the Jenkins’ wedding, but she won’t need me for a few days. After that, we’ll be working long hours.”
“That’s part of the joy of being popular.”
Hannah frowned. “Just make sure you finish your paintings for the exhibition.”
“As long as the rest of the gala is going to plan, I should be okay.”
“Take these.” Hannah handed her two gingerbread men. “You might need them after you’ve spoken with Stan.”
“Thanks. I’ll let you know what he says.” Mia picked up her bag and hugged her friend. “Thank you for listening to me.”
“That’s why I’m here. Take care.”
As she left Hannah’s apartment, Mia pulled Stan’s business card out of her wallet. It was time to hear if the gala was still going ahead.

***
Stan looked at the piece of paper in his hand, then at the two-story home in front of him. He didn’t know what he’d expected Mia’s house to look like, but this wasn’t it. 
The wooden siding was painted a soft shade of gray. With white trim around the windows and a navy blue door, her home sat comfortably with the other family-friendly houses in her neighborhood. 
He opened the front gate and walked along the red-brick path. Gina had assured him that Mia was home, but when he’d called thirty minutes ago, no one had answered. What he needed to say couldn’t wait, so he’d decided to take his chances and see if she was home.
After he pushed the doorbell, he stood back and waited. When Mia didn’t answer, he tried again. He glanced at his watch, then pulled out his cell phone. 
Mia answered on the fourth ring. “Hello?” 
“Hi. It’s Stan. I’ve been in meetings all day and Gina told me I missed your call.”
“Thanks for getting back to me. I was wondering what’s happening with the gala. Have you found a fundraising coordinator?”
“I’d like to discuss that with you. Are you able to talk to me for a few minutes?” 
“Sure.”
“I’m at your front door.”
“Of my house?”
“If you live at 34 Kimberley Court, I’m standing on your porch.” He heard a thump and held the phone away from his ear.
“Are you there?” Mia asked.
“Still here.”
“Sorry, I dropped the phone. I’ll be downstairs in a couple of minutes.”
She sounded worried. Arriving unannounced wasn’t his usual way of doing business, but nothing about the gala was normal. Deirdre’s resignation had left the whole project dangling by a thread. If the hospital didn’t raise another two million dollars by the end of December, he’d be left with a state-of-the-art facility with no equipment.
His only hope was Mia. 
The front door swung open and she gave him a wobbly smile. “Thanks for waiting. I was wearing my headphones and I didn’t hear the doorbell.”
“It doesn’t matter. I’ve only been here for a couple of minutes.” A streak of green paint ran across her cheek. “Have you been painting?”
She turned to the mirror in the entranceway, scrubbing her face until the paint had almost disappeared. “It’s a hobby.”
“What do you paint?” 
Mia’s arm dropped to her side. “Mainly landscapes. Would you like a cup of coffee?”
“Sure.” She still didn’t seem happy that he was here. “I can meet you tomorrow if that suits you better?”
“No, it’s okay. I’m just a bit distracted, that’s all. Come through to the kitchen.”
He followed Mia down the hallway. “How long have you lived in this house?”
 “About five years. It’s the second house I bought after I moved to Bozeman.” 
“You weren’t born here?” The kitchen walls were full of colorful paintings. With white cabinets and a wooden counter, it was the type of room that made you feel welcome as soon as you walked through the door.
“I moved to Bozeman with granddad when he retired from his job in New York.”
“You must be close.”
Mia took two mugs out of a cupboard. “He means everything to me. My parents died in a car accident when I was ten years old. Granddad looked after me and made sure I knew I was loved. Do you take cream and sugar in your coffee?”
“Just sugar, thanks.” Stan knew what it was like to love someone, then try to rebuild your life when they were gone. “I’m sorry about your parents.”
Mia rubbed the palm of her hand. “It was a long time ago. I was lucky to have granddad.” She left a cup of coffee in front of him and opened a container of cookies. “Tell me about the coordinator position. Have you found someone to take Deirdre’s place?”
He wasn’t sure how to tell her the bad news. “I spoke with three people who were interested in the position before Deirdre started. All of them have found other jobs.”
Mia frowned. “That doesn’t sound promising.”
“It’s not. I’ve advertised the role, but it hasn’t made any difference. No one wants a voluntary position.”
“Does that mean you’re canceling the gala?”
“I can’t cancel it. The hospital needs the money the gala will raise. We also need the publicity. I’m hoping the neonatal unit will receive more funding from other donors when the community sees what we’re doing.”
“If you could find someone to organize the gala, it would give you more time to find a funding coordinator.” Mia sat on the kitchen stool beside him. “I could ask Claire and Hannah if they know someone who could help.”
“Claire and Hannah?”
“They own Perfect Staging.”
Stan’s brain was slowly wading through the information Deirdre had given him. “I thought you co-owned the company?”
Mia shook her head. “I’m a…a contractor. Deirdre was working with Claire and Hannah.”
“So Perfect Staging doesn’t manage events?”
“Not usually.” Mia’s eyes widened. “Oh no, absolutely not. Claire and Hannah can’t help you. They’re booked solid until the end of January.”
“What about you?”
“I can’t organize the gala.”
“We could work together. You could manage the actual event and I could work on a marketing and promotions plan, ticket sales, and anything else that comes along.”
“I know how much this means to you, but I can’t do it.” 
Stan doubted anyone knew just how much the neonatal unit meant to him. “I can’t organize it on my own, Mia. My secretary can help, but I need someone who can be the main contact person.”
“I wasn’t sure I’d be able to stage the gala. What you’re talking about will take more time than I can spare.”
“What if you visit the hospital? I could give you a guided tour of the neonatal unit and show you what it will look like when it’s finished.”
“It won’t do any good.”
Stan had never begged for anything, but he was desperate. “Please, Mia. One hour of your time. That’s all I need.”
“I don’t know…”
“I’ll pay you.”
“Claire told me you don’t have a large budget. You can’t afford to pay me.”
“I can if I pay you from my own money.” Stan watched Mia’s face. Instead of looking interested, she seemed horrified. “Whatever you’re earning, I’ll double it. You could keep a record of how many hours you work and I’ll pay you at the end of each fortnight.”
“Why would you do that when you won’t pay a fundraising coordinator?”
“The hospital doesn’t have any spare money, but I do. I can’t afford to pay a full-time salary for the next few months, but I can afford to pay you to manage the gala.”
“I wish I could.”
“At least come and look at the neonatal unit.”
Mia’s shoulders slumped forward. “Okay, but it has to be tomorrow. I’m busy each day next week.”
He could have thrown his arms around her. But instead of getting into more trouble, he stood and held out his hand. “Thank you. I’ll pick you up at nine o’clock tomorrow morning.”
Mia’s small hand disappeared inside his. “It won’t make any difference. I really am busy.”
Stan nodded. “I’ll see you tomorrow.” And before Mia could change her mind, he left her house and drove across town. 
The reason the gala was so important was waiting for him at home. Eleven years ago, his daughter had been born with a heart defect. Without the neonatal intensive care unit in Chicago, Annabelle would have died. 
If he did nothing else in his career, he was determined to make sure Bozeman had state-of-the-art medical facilities. And if the cost of saving a child’s life was one person’s salary for three months, every cent would be worth it.

***
Annabelle was waiting for Stan in the kitchen.
“Hi, dad.” She dipped a spoon into a bowl and poured some thin batter onto a skillet. “I’m making pancakes.”
He walked across the room and kissed the side of her face. “So I see. They smell delicious.”
“You can have one, if you like. Mrs. Dodds bought fresh strawberries yesterday. I’m going to cut them into pieces and put them on top of the pancakes.”
“That sounds yummy. I’ll have one with you when you’ve finished.” The strawberries were sitting beside the refrigerator. He found a knife and started slicing them. 
“Where have you been?” Annabelle asked.
“Didn’t Mrs. Dodds tell you?”
“She said you had a meeting. It’s Saturday, dad. You promised you wouldn’t have any more meetings when we’re home together.”
“I’m sorry, but this couldn’t wait.”
“That’s what you always say.” 
Annabelle turned away and his heart sank. They’d been going through a rough patch for the last six months and his workload wasn’t helping. Annabelle wanted to spend more time with him, but managing the hospital was taking over his life.
“Why don’t we have a picnic?” he suggested. “We could drive to Big Sky and eat some of the pancakes there.”
“It will take too long,” Annabelle said quietly. 
“We’ve got all afternoon.”
“You’ve forgotten, haven’t you?”
Stan pulled out his phone and checked his appointments. There was nothing scheduled for the rest of the day. 
Annabelle flipped a pancake. “Louise’s mom and dad invited us to dinner at their house. I made the pancakes for dessert.”
He could have kicked himself. Louise and Annabelle had been friends for as long as they’d lived in Bozeman. Stan played squash with Louise’s dad and, every few months, they had lunch or dinner together.
“I’m sorry. I’d forgotten.”
Annabelle’s sigh made him feel even worse. “That’s okay. Mrs. Dodds said you’re extra busy at the moment.”
It wasn’t okay, not by a long shot. Employing Mrs. Dodds was one of the best things he’d done. But even with her superhuman organizational skills, he was still missing important things in his daughter’s life.
He counted the number of pancakes sitting on the plate. “How many pancakes do we need for tonight?”
“Mrs. Dodds said two each should be enough. Louise’s brother is home from college, so we’ll need twelve.”
“There are sixteen here. What if we take the extras and drive to the university for a pancake picnic?”
Annabelle shook her head. “We don’t have to go on a picnic.”
“It will be fun. We could look for some old bread and feed the ducks.”
“I’m eleven years old, dad.”
He grinned at Annabelle’s scowl. “But you’ll always be my little girl. How about it? We’ll be the most popular father and daughter team at the pond.”
“Only to the ducks,” Annabelle muttered. She slid another pancake onto the plate and waved the spatula at him. “Don’t eat all the strawberries. They’re supposed to be for tonight.”
Stan popped another strawberry into his mouth. “If we go on a picnic, I won’t be able to eat them.”
“Fine, but you’ll need to change.”
He looked at his white shirt and frowned. “What’s wrong with what I’m wearing?”
“You look like you’re going to a funeral.”
Stan’s eyebrows rose. “Since when do black trousers and a white shirt equal funeral clothes?”
“Since forever. You need a serious wardrobe makeover, dad. All your shirts are white.”
“I know for a fact that I’ve got at least one blue shirt.”
“That’s because Mrs. Dodds and I bought it for you.” Annabelle pointed at the kitchen door. “I’ll get the pancakes ready while you get changed.”
He took another strawberry off the counter. “Don’t forget the bread.”
Annabelle whisked the plate of strawberries away. “I’ll wait for you in the living room.” 
Halfway up the stairs, Stan pulled out his cell phone and made a note to himself. He needed to sit down with Mrs. Dodds and coordinate their calendars. If he’d forgotten about today, there could be other things missing. 
He didn’t want Annabelle to feel as though he didn’t love her—because he did—more than she would ever know.
CHAPTER THREE
Mia walked into the main entrance of Bozeman Deaconess Hospital and took a deep breath. Stan was beside her.
Unfortunately, she hadn’t slept very well last night. Her mind kept spinning in circles, worrying about her teaching job, the exhibition in San Francisco, and the gala for the neonatal unit. By five-thirty that morning she’d had enough of tossing and turning. She’d thrown on a tracksuit and headed outside. Even though her early morning run had turned into a slow crawl, it had helped to settle her thoughts. It also made her regret not running more often.
On their way here, Stan had told her about the hospital, their patients, and the plans they had for improving services. He was proud of what his staff had achieved and what would happen once the new neonatal unit was finished. 
She just hoped he understood why she couldn’t help him.
“How long have you worked in Bozeman?” she asked.
“About nine years. I moved here from Chicago.”
“That must have been a big decision.”
Stan pushed the elevator button. “It was. My wife died the year before we came here. My daughter, Annabelle, was only a toddler. It didn’t take long to realize that I’d made the right decision.”
“I’m sorry about your wife.”
“It was a long time ago,” he said softly.
She wanted to say something else, find the words that would let him know she understood how he felt. But everyone processed their grief differently, so she left her words for another time. “Some of my friends don’t understand why I left New York. It’s not until you live in Montana that you really appreciate what’s here. I couldn’t imagine living in a big city anymore.”
The elevator doors opened and Stan stepped into a brightly decorated corridor. “I couldn’t agree more. Welcome to the Family Center. This part of the renovation was completed six months ago.”
Mia stared at the painted animals on the walls. There were elephants, bears, giraffes, and moose, all lined up following each other to the other end of the corridor. 
Stan must have noticed her interest. “We wanted to make this area as colorful as possible. It’s bad enough coming to the hospital if you’re an adult. For a child, it’s a hundred times worse.” He pointed to another corridor. “The Birth Center is that way. The new neonatal unit is being built beside it. This area is the pediatrics ward. When the hospital was first designed, the architect grouped all children’s services together. A larger neonatal unit was included, but at the time it wasn’t necessary. We need to act now if we want to meet the future demands on our services.”
“Working out what services you need must be like looking into a crystal ball.”
“Sometimes it feels that way, but instead of glass balls, we use population projection charts and demographic research. Unfortunately, our funding can only stretch so far. That’s why we need to raise funds for multiple projects each year.” He led her toward the Birth Center. “At the moment, we have six modern birth suites and deliver more than 1200 babies each year. With the new neonatal unit, we’ll be able to look after more children who need specialist care.”
Stan swiped his security card across a black box and held open the door.
Mia had never been anywhere near the Birth Center. The walls of each room were painted in either pale peach, mint green, or lemon. Pot plants and comfy sofas softened the architecture and gave each room a relaxed atmosphere. 
Stan stopped in front of a double set of doors. “Through here is the new neonatal unit. We’ll need to sign in so that the site foreman knows we’re here.”
“That sounds very official.”
“It’s part of our health and safety requirements. Just don’t trip or fall—we’ll be here all afternoon filling in forms.” He swiped his card again and opened the doors. “On your right is the room that will eventually be used for meetings, but for now it’s the foreman’s office.”
Mia signed her name on the register and took the hard hat Stan gave her. 
“I’ll show you the architect’s plans before we go much farther. They’ll give you an idea of what the new neonatal unit will look like.” Stan ran his hand along a bookshelf and pulled out a large folder. He placed it on a table and opened the first page. “This is why I’m so determined to raise the money we need.”
The first image showed a busy ward with many rooms branching out from a circular desk.
Stan pointed to the center of the room. “This is the hub of the neonatal unit. All admissions, patient plans, and medical records can be accessed from these computers.”
He turned the page and Mia’s eyes widened. The caption at the bottom of the page told her that this was the neonatal intensive care area. “It’s huge.”
“We’ll have immediate capacity for sixteen babies. Over the next three years, we’ll increase that to thirty. The staff will use state-of-the-art technology alongside holistic medical practices to treat their patients.”
“I thought doctors were opposed to anything that didn’t involve drugs.”
“You’d be surprised at what a lot of hospitals are doing now. We want to look after the total well-being of our patients and their families.”
Mia turned to the next page, impressed beyond words at what she saw. “I don’t know anything about neonatal units, but this looks amazing. How much will it cost?”
“The neonatal unit itself is fifteen million. With the changes we need to make to the surrounding wards, the total project will cost twenty-two million dollars. It could have been a lot worse. If the original building hadn’t been designed to support the addition, we wouldn’t have been able to do any of this.”
A lump formed in Mia’s throat. “How much money do you need to complete the project?”
Stan closed the plans and slid them onto the bookshelf. “Two million dollars.”
“And you thought the gala would raise that much money?”
“No, but it would be a catalyst for more donations. This unit will be the best in the state. Babies will be sent to us from across Montana for treatment.”
Mia frowned. “What about the babies’ families? Where do the parents stay while their child is here?”
“Come with me. There’s more to the renovation than the intensive care unit.” 
Stan led her along the corridor and through different rooms. The floor plan was simple—the babies who needed the most care were closest to the multiple staff areas scattered throughout the neonatal area.
The next set of doors opened into an area that was completely finished. “This is our home away from home for up to twenty families.”
“It’s lovely.” Mia ran her hand along a granite counter in a large open-plan kitchen, dining, and living room. Light streamed through the windows, giving the whole area a sense of warmth. From its third-floor position, families staying here would have a panoramic view of the Rocky Mountains.
Stan walked across the room, heading toward a wide corridor. “Each guest suite has its own kitchenette, television, and bathroom.” 
Mia followed him into one of the rooms. It was just as inviting as the living area. “Staying here must make it a lot easier and less stressful than paying for accommodation in town.”
“It is. If you’re not from Bozeman or if you need to be close to your baby, it can be one of the hardest times in a person’s life. This area will make a big difference to the babies’ families. Do you want to see another suite?”
Mia shook her head. “No, but if they’re anything like this one, they’ll be in hot demand. I wasn’t expecting your renovation to be so big or expensive.”
“This unit is important. It will make a difference in many people’s lives. If you’ve seen enough of the renovation, would you like to join me for a cup of coffee?”
Mia glanced at her watch. “Okay, but I need to leave in half an hour.” 
“No problem. I’m grateful you were able to come into the hospital on a Sunday.”
“I’m more surprised that you’re here. You must work long hours at the best of times.”
“I try not to work on the weekends, but this is important.”
As they made their way to the café, she was surprised that Stan didn’t ask whether she would organize the gala. In all honesty, her heart had already jumped into the project. She knew she didn’t have the time, that she’d never done anything like this before. But Claire and Hannah said they’d help as much as they could. If Stan was serious about asking his secretary to do some of the tasks, they might be able to organize the gala he wanted.
And when he found a new fundraising coordinator, they could take over from her. It wasn’t the best way to organize a major funding event, but it might just work. 

***
Stan carried two cups of coffee to an empty table at the back of the café. Mia hadn’t said much and it was unsettling. He didn’t know if he was nervous because of how important the project was, or because Mia’s easy smile and sparkling eyes pulled at something deep inside him. 
He slid one of the coffee cups toward her. “I’m almost afraid to ask if this visit has made a difference to your decision.”
“It has, but I’ll need your help.”
Stan let go of the breath he was holding. “That’s great. Do you want to divide the tasks between us now, or meet early next week to go through everything?”
Mia pulled a notebook and pen out of her bag. “I’ve got a little time, so we could make a start. Did Deirdre leave you any notes about what she’d already done?”
“She sent me an electronic file. Would you like a copy?”
“That would be great. I’ve already booked most of the things we’ll need to stage the event. Is there anything you’re worried about?” She held her pen above her notebook, poised to write down the long list of things that had been on his mind. 
“We need to make sure the event attracts people who could donate large amounts of money. Gina has the names of people we’ve approached in the past. I’m happy to go through the list and send personal invitations to anyone I think could help.”
“Sounds good. Do you still want to organize the publicity and ticket sales for the gala?”
He nodded. “I’ll send you a document with the media outlets we’ll use to promote the event. If you know of other organizations, add their names to the list.”
“What about the food?”
“The menu is in Deirdre’s notes. We’d decided to serve finger food and dessert.”
“Are you having a DJ or live music?”
Stan held back a smile. Mia may have been worried about how much time she had to help him, but her mind had already switched into organizational mode.
“Why are you looking at me like that?”
“Like what?”
Mia dropped her pen to the table. “Are you laughing at me, Stan Lewis?”
A wide grin spread across his face. “I wouldn’t dream of laughing at you. I’m simply showing my appreciation for the way your mind works.”
“Hmm.” Mia’s eyes narrowed. “It’s just as well you have an honest face.”
Stan didn’t know what an honest face looked like, but it couldn’t be a bad thing, could it?
“Music?” Mia repeated.
“On Deirdre’s list.”
“Is there anything that’s not on Deirdre’s list?”
“Probably. I’ll call you tomorrow after you’ve looked at the files.”
“I’ve booked a meeting with a florist tomorrow afternoon. If you’d prefer to see me in person, I could meet you in your office at about two-fifteen. I’m working at MSU until two o’clock.”
He pulled out his cell phone and checked his appointments. “Two-fifteen is okay. I didn’t realize you were a college professor.”
“I’m an assistant professor. I work in the School of Art with nineteen other staff. You seem surprised.”
Stan was more than surprised. He had underestimated her. “You don’t look like any of the assistant professors I met at college.”
Mia’s eyebrows rose. 
“I didn’t mean that in an insulting way,” he said quickly. “You’re just so…petite and young.” He needed to stop talking before he dug an even deeper hole for himself.
Mia slid her notebook into her bag. “I’m five-foot-three. In my family, that’s tall. And just so you know, I’m thirty-two years old. I guess age is relative.”
“Are you calling me old?”
It was Mia’s turn to grin. “I wouldn’t dream of it.” She tilted her head to the side, staring at his face like a bug under a microscope. “You can’t be more than forty-five. That’s still considered quite young in some cultures.” 
He choked on his coffee. “I’m forty-one.”
Mia handed him a paper napkin. “I thought all directors of hospitals had gray hair and wrinkles.”
“Only when they’re working with associate professors.”
Mia laughed. “It’s just as well we’re only working together on this project. I wouldn’t want to be responsible for making you look older than you are.”
He could think of much worse things than working with Mia. She had a quick mind, a great sense of humor, and was one of the most beautiful women he’d ever met. All of those things should have made him even more determined to keep their relationship professional. But they didn’t. 
“Wait here,” she said. “I’ll be back in a minute.” 
He had no idea what Mia was doing. She maneuvered around the tables and stood at the front counter. Within minutes she was walking toward him, holding two brown paper bags.
“I don’t know what you and your daughter like, so I bought one chocolate peppermint bar and a slice of vanilla cake.”
Stan frowned. “You didn’t have to do that.”
“It’s a thank you for meeting me today. I know how precious weekends can be.”
“I should be the one thanking you.”
“You already did. I’m glad you showed me the neonatal unit. It helps me understand what you want to do.” 
Stan pushed his chair away from the table. “Fundraising for the unit was always going to be a big project. I’m glad you’re able to help. Are you ready to go home?”
“I am.”
Stan walked silently beside Mia, lost in thoughts that had no place inside his head. The next few weeks would be interesting.

***
Stan added another steak to the barbecue. After leaving Mia at her house, he’d gone home and spent the rest of the afternoon with Annabelle. 
Daniel Sullivan, a good friend, had joined them for dinner. With the sun setting behind the Bridger Range and a temperature that was warmer than usual, it was the perfect evening for eating outdoors. 
“Who are you bringing to the barn dance?” Daniel asked.
“Who do you think?”
“One of these days, Annabelle will want to go out with a boyfriend, not her dad.”
“That’s years away.”
Daniel pulled out a deck chair and sat down. “You’re living in denial.”
“It’s better than thinking about Annabelle dating. Just the thought of her spending time alone with a boy makes me nervous.”
“It’s going to happen whether you want it to or not.” Daniel’s eyes narrowed. “What about you? You haven’t been on a date in months.”
Stan leaned against the porch railing, turning away from the spectacular view. “I’m too busy.”
“Really? I heard you had coffee with a cute brunette this morning. You wouldn’t be holding out on me would you?”
“It was a business meeting.”
Daniel grinned. “Is that what you call it?”
“It wasn’t a date. She’s helping me organize the gala for the neonatal unit. How did you know that we had coffee together?”
“I have my sources.”
Owning an IT company gave Daniel access to more sources than the average human. But even so, a meeting at Angel Wings Café wouldn’t have been a high priority on anyone’s radar. “Your fiancée is in Scotland, so Holly wouldn’t have seen us. Was it your sister?”
“Maybe.”
Stan shook his head. “This town is getting smaller by the minute.”
“Remember that when you have another ‘meeting’ with your mystery woman. Elizabeth said the two of you were enjoying yourselves.”
“I took her to the hospital and showed her the plans for the new neonatal unit.” Stan hadn’t stopped thinking about Mia all afternoon. He kept telling himself he was curious about why an associate professor would work part-time at an event staging company. The two careers were so different that it didn’t make sense.
“You’d better turn the steak before it burns.”
He grabbed the spatula and flicked over the meat. “What do you know about Mia Costas?”
Daniel dropped his feet off the rail. “Is that who you had coffee with?”
“You know her?”
“Mia is in the Bozeman Art Collective. She’s been friends with Holly for years.”
“You’re joking.”
“Nope. Mia visits us all the time. I’m surprised the two of you haven’t bumped into each other.”
Stan’s eyes widened. “That’s where I’ve seen her. She was with Holly in the elevator at the hospital.”
“The hospital?”
“When your friend Sam had a heart attack.”
“That was eighteen months ago. I’m surprised you remember her.”
So was Stan. But even then, there was something about Mia that made him want to know more about her. “Do you know why she works at Perfect Staging and MSU?”
Daniel handed him a plate. “I’ve got no idea. You’ll have to ask Mia.”
“It seems an odd combination of jobs.”
“It’s not much different from being the director of a hospital and co-organizing a gala.”
“That’s different. I’m only doing this until we find a new fundraising coordinator.”
“And I’m guessing there aren’t a lot of people banging down your door to get that position.”
Stan turned off the barbecue. “We were lucky to have Deirdre for as long as we did. I don’t know if we’ll ever find someone to replace her.”
“That doesn’t sound good for the projects you’ve planned.”
“The board of directors are meeting next week. They’ll go through our work program and prioritize what still needs to happen. I’ve been juggling budgets for the last two weeks, trying to make everything work.”
Annabelle stepped onto the deck. “Hi, Mr. Sullivan.”
“Hi. You’re getting taller every time I see you.”
A grin lit Annabelle’s face. “I’m taller than all the girls at middle school.” She placed a bowl of salad on the table. “Dad, do you want me to bring out the ketchup?”
“That would be great. Dinner is almost ready.” 
Annabelle disappeared inside and Stan sighed. “How did I get so lucky?”
“She’s a great kid.” Daniel took the plastic wrap off the salad. “Has she met Mia yet?”
“There’s no point. Mia and I are working together, not dating.”
“But you’d like to date her?”  
Stan didn’t know what he wanted. “I don’t even know if she likes me.”
“What’s not to like? You’re single, you have a good job, and when you make an effort, you don’t look too bad.”
“Thanks. That makes me feel so much better.”
Daniel frowned. “You’ve been working long hours over the last few months. It’s okay to have a life outside of work.”
“Annabelle told me the same thing.”
“Maybe it’s time you listened to her.” 
“She’s eleven years old. Annabelle’s idea of fun is to spend every weekend at ten-pin bowling, the movies, or eating ice cream from the Chocolate Moose Shoppe.” Stan picked up his drink. He was responsible for more than 200 doctors and 35 different specialties. Finding the right balance between his personal life and his job wasn’t easy.
Daniel patted him on the shoulder. “I’ll get the plates. But before I do, here’s some free advice. Annabelle might have a point. You know how quickly your life can change. Don’t miss out on the important things.”
A heavy weight settled in the pit of Stan’s stomach. When his wife died, the world as he’d known it had died with her. Over time, he’d created different routines, familiar signposts that gave his life stability and meaning. 
He was doing the best he could, but he had a feeling it would never be enough. 
CHAPTER FOUR
Mia smiled at Stan’s secretary. “Hi. I’m Mia Costas. Mr. Lewis is expecting me.”
“I’m Gina. It’s nice to meet you. Stan had to leave his office for a few minutes. If you’d like to take a seat, I’ll let him know you’ve arrived.”
Mia glanced at her watch. She’d arranged to meet Becky in her flower shop in an hour. 
“He shouldn’t be too long,” Gina added. “When do you need to leave?”
“In about forty-five minutes.”
Gina nodded and dialed a phone number. “Hi, Stan. Mia is here to see you. She needs to leave in forty-five minutes.”
There was silence while Stan spoke.
Mia hoped he could make it back to the office. She had a lot of questions about the gala and some of them were more urgent than others.
Gina replaced the phone on its cradle. “He’ll be back in about fifteen minutes. Would you like something to drink?”
Mia shook her head. “Thanks, but I’ll be okay. Would you mind if I visited the neonatal area while I’m waiting?”
“That’s fine. Just see the site foreman before you go into the construction area. You’ll need this.” Gina handed Mia a security card and a visitor’s badge. “You won’t be able to walk into the Birth Center without these. I’ll call the staff and let them know you’re coming.”
“Thanks, Gina. I’ll see you soon.” Mia had been thinking about the neonatal unit all day. Deirdre’s files had been full of notes about the gala and how they could increase the visibility of the event. Something she’d read had struck a chord with her and she wanted to see whether her hunch was correct.
The elevator pinged as it opened onto the pediatric ward. She quickly walked along the corridor and into the Birth Center.
“Are you Mia?”
She turned toward the nurses’ station. A woman with short blond hair and blue eyes smiled at her. “I am.”
“Gina told us you’re heading into the new neonatal unit. If you’ve got any questions, just ask.”
“Do you have the time to answer a couple of questions now?”
“Sure.”
Mia pulled her notebook out of her bag. “I’m helping to organize the fundraising gala for the neonatal unit. Can you tell me why children are sent to the neonatal unit?”
“There are lots of reasons. Some babies are born very prematurely. That can lead to all kinds of complications. Other babies have a low birth weight or have a medical condition that requires specialist care. We also look after babies who have been involved in car accidents or suffered from trauma. At the moment we can’t treat all children or provide a lot of ongoing care. We don’t have the room.”
“Do you know if any parents would like to share their experience of having a baby in the neonatal unit?”
“I’m sure there are. You should talk to Mr. Lewis. He’ll know the best way to contact them.” A high-pitched beep came from a room opposite them. “I have to go. If you have any more questions, see me on your way out.”
Mia nodded and moved out of the way. She checked her watch as she walked toward the new neonatal area. Stan would be back in his office soon and she wanted to take some photos of the partly constructed rooms.
She scanned the security card Gina had given her and opened the doors. Within a few minutes she’d introduced herself to the site foreman, signed in, and was wearing a hard hat. 
Unlike yesterday, the neonatal area was busy. Somewhere along the corridor the construction crew was hammering and drilling. Another coat of paint was being added to the ceiling above the first nurses’ station and in a room to her left, furniture was being assembled.
Mia quickly took some photos. As she moved through the ward, she began to appreciate the scale of what Stan had created. This would be a wonderful facility for the community. 
All they needed was another two million dollars.

***
Stan rushed into his office. “Sorry I’m late.” 
Mia was sitting on one of his sofas, typing on her laptop. She’d pulled her hair into a fancy knot on the top of her head. Her high cheekbones and graceful neck added another layer to the woman he was used to seeing.
She looked at him and smiled. “I’ve only been back for a few minutes. I took some photos of the new neonatal area. I’m even more impressed than I was yesterday.”
Stan sat beside her. “It’s completely different when the construction crews are there. Did you get the photos you wanted?”
“I did. Gina was a big help. Without her security card, I wouldn’t have been able to get past the foreman.”
Stan didn’t like increasing the hospital’s security, but in this case, it was important. “We need to be careful that no one walks in who shouldn’t be there. Apart from potential accidents, we’ve got a lot of expensive furniture and equipment going into the unit each day. Keeping track of who’s going in and out would be a nightmare without using a security system.”
Mia nodded. “I wouldn’t want strangers walking in there, either. Do you want to see what I was working on last night?”
Stan nodded. “Go ahead.”
She turned her laptop toward him. “I checked Deirdre’s plan. It doesn’t look as though she was going to interview the parents of babies who had used the neonatal unit. I think that’s a mistake.”
“People value their privacy. The babies’ families have been through a lot. They don’t need their stories on social media or in the newspapers.”
“Have you asked if they’d help?”
Stan frowned. “We thought about it, but decided not to contact them.”
“The publicity campaign for the gala and the neonatal unit needs to touch people’s hearts. I don’t know any families who have had a baby in the neonatal unit. If I didn’t know you, that would make me less likely to support the project. If I read about another family’s experience, it would make me more emotionally involved in what you’re doing.”
Stan scanned the document on Mia’s laptop. “What has an art gallery extension in San Francisco got to do with the neonatal unit?”
“Emotion. Look at this…” Mia scrolled through the document. “I know someone who works at this gallery. These are the images they used in their fundraising campaign.”
“They don’t show what the new gallery will look like.”
“Exactly.” 
Stan studied the four images. The photos were of people making art instead of the building.
“This is my favorite.” 
Mia enlarged the photo on the top left-hand side. It showed an older man and a boy of about six painting together. The same words that were on all the graphics were on the bottom of the picture. Chalice Gallery. Creating a brighter future. 
Mia pointed at the little boy. “Look at the way he’s watching what the older man is doing. He’s happy and excited. You need to choose an emotion you want to focus on and select images and words that support it.”
Stan sat back in his chair. “How is a picture of a baby going to raise two million dollars for the unit?”
“It’s more than the picture.” She looked around his office. “Is there something here that means a lot to you?”
He nodded at something behind her. “The paintings on the wall.”
Mia swiveled in her seat. “Why are they important?”
“My daughter made them last year. We spent the weekend skiing at Wilmot Mountain. On our way home, she took photos of two historic buildings. She spent a lot of time painting them for me.”
“They’re beautiful.” 
Stan thought so too, but he was biased. “She loves art. Whenever Annabelle’s holding a paintbrush she’s happy.”
“How do the paintings make you feel?”
He narrowed his eyes. “You sound like one of our clinical psychologists.”
“Or someone who lives by their emotions.” Mia smiled, but he had a feeling she wouldn’t let him get away with a superficial answer.
“When I look at the paintings they remind me of Annabelle. My daughter has a way of filling a room with her personality. She could have painted the canvases in black, gray, and white, but she chose to add color. The red bricks, the Christmas wreath on the door, and the little dog running under the trees, all remind me of her.” 
“How do they make you feel?” she repeated.
“You don’t give up easily, do you?”
“I grew up with a Greek grandfather. Stubborn is his middle name.”
Stan sighed. “When I look at Annabelle’s paintings, they make me feel happy and close to her.”
“How would the community feel if our fundraising campaign was about the people affected by the neonatal unit instead of the building?”
“More committed to making sure it happened.”
“Exactly.”
“Does this mean you’ll help Gina and I design our advertising campaign?”
Mia’s smile slipped. “I could look at your final copy.” She glanced at her watch. “I really need to leave. I’m meeting Becky O’Donaghue at her flower shop. We’re choosing the flowers for the gala.”
“Do you have any other questions?”
“Only one. Can you make time slow down?”
He stood while Mia slid her laptop into its case. “I can do a lot of things, but that’s not one of them. Good luck with the flowers.”
“We won’t need luck when we’re working with Becky. She’s one of the most creative people I know.”
Stan held open his office door. “I’ll contact you at the end of the week. If you need anything, just call me.”
“I will.” She quickly looked around his office, grinning at his puzzled expression. “I’m making sure I haven’t forgotten anything. Have a great week.”
He stood in his doorway, watching her speed down the corridor.
“Is everything okay?” Gina asked.
He tore his mind away from Mia. “I think so. Mia suggested changing the focus of our advertising campaign. She wants us to talk to some of the neonatal parents and share their babies’ stories.”
“That’s a great idea. Who’s going to contact the parents?” She took one look at Stan and sighed. “Okay, but you’ll need to help me with the interviews. Are there any parents you want me to contact first?”
He thought about the families he’d already met as part of the redevelopment. “The McKenzies, the Ashburtons, and the Bartletts were part of the focus group we worked with. See if they’re interested in having their stories shared with the wider community.”
Gina wrote something on a piece of paper. “If they’re not, I’ll email some of the other parents.”
“Thanks.”
“Have we got enough time to interview everyone? The report for the board of directors is due by the end of next week.”
“We’ll have to make time.” Stan wasn’t sure if any of this would work, but he was determined to do the best he could. He didn’t have a choice, especially when more than one life depended on it.

***
By the time Mia made it home from Becky’s flower shop, it was nearly five o’clock. Their meeting had been productive, but it meant she had less time to work on her paintings.
She rushed into the kitchen, made herself a sandwich, then headed upstairs to the studio.
As soon as she’d bought her home, she’d converted the attic into a light-filled work area. With lots of storage and more than enough wall space to display her paintings, it was the perfect area to create her landscapes.
Leaning against three separate easels were the canvases she was finishing for her exhibition in San Francisco. They were different from the paintings she usually created; so different that she was worried no one would like them. 
Her doorbell rang and Mia sighed. If she didn’t put aside more time to paint, she wouldn’t have anything ready in time. She looked through the window. Her grandfather’s car was parked in the driveway.
With one last look at her paintings, she headed downstairs and opened the door. “Hi, granddad.”
Nick Costas wrapped her in a big hug. “I tried calling you, but you weren’t home.”
“I had a meeting with Becky. Would you like a cup of coffee?”
“That would be good.” He bustled down the hallway, quickly making his way into her kitchen. “I had a call from a gallery in Los Angeles. One of their clients has asked about your paintings. They want to know if you have any canvases available.”
“Have you sold the two paintings in your gallery?”
The smile that Nick sent her could only mean one thing.
“You only had them on display for a week.”
“I have collectors contacting me from around the world. I negotiated a final price with the purchaser this afternoon.”
“One person bought both of them?”
“Of course. Your canvases belonged together.”
Mia filled two mugs with coffee. “I hope you didn’t sell them for the price you first told me.”
“Would I do that?” 
Her grandfather would definitely sell her paintings for ridiculously high prices. “I would have been happy to accept two thousand dollars for each painting.”
Nick shook his head. “What is the matter, Mia? You can provide an accurate valuation of any artist’s work except your own. The buyer paid eight thousand dollars for your paintings.”
“Eight? That’s amazing.”
“It is no less than they are worth. They are going to Sydney, Australia.” 
She handed her grandfather a cup of coffee. “Thank you. I need to spend more time painting, don’t I?”
“It is your choice what you do with your life, my darling. You are a talented artist, but it is up to you what you do with that talent.”
Mia sipped her coffee. “I guess now would be the wrong time to tell you that I don’t know if I’ll meet my deadline for the exhibition in San Francisco.”
“Mia.” The disappointment in her grandfather’s voice made her heart sink. “What is stopping you from finishing the paintings? You were so excited when you told me about them.”
“The hospital still hasn’t found someone to replace their fundraising coordinator. Stan Lewis, the director of the hospital, asked me to help him organize the gala for the new neonatal unit.” 
Nick scowled. “It is my fault. I shouldn’t have suggested you help Claire and Hannah.”
“It’s not your fault, granddad. Stan asked me to help him. I wasn’t going to, but then he showed me the new neonatal unit. It will make a huge difference to our community. I couldn’t help but remember what Tommy’s parents went through when he needed surgery. If a baby is born with a life-threatening medical condition after the new unit opens, they might not have to travel to a different hospital for surgery.”
“You are a good girl, but sometimes you need to look after yourself.”
“You would have done the same thing, granddad.”
Nick nodded. “You are right, but I do not have paintings that need to be completed. The exhibition will showcase your work to a lot of people. It is not selfish to follow your dreams.”
She understood what her grandfather was saying, but following her dreams meant taking risks. And if there was one thing that scared her senseless, it was stepping out of her comfort zone. Helping Stan had been bad enough—becoming a full-time artist was worse. 
“When Stan finds a person to replace me, I’ll have more time.”
Her grandfather’s bushy eyebrows rose. “And you think this will happen in the next two months?”
Mia held her cup of coffee to her chest. “No.”
“Then I will help,” Nick exclaimed. “Never forget that we are Greek, little one. We are strong in mind and spirit.”
Even though Mia felt miserable, her granddad’s words made her smile. She hugged his broad shoulders, knowing she was lucky to have him in her life. “We are family and family sticks together.”
“Exactly. Always remember that your pappouli loves you.”
“I know, granddad. I love you, too.”
Nick wiped a tear from his eye. “That is good. Now, before we talk about the gala, I must see your paintings.”
Mia sighed. “Do you promise not to growl at how little work I’ve done since you last saw them?”
“I will hold my growl for another time. Come, we will see what needs to be done.”
With a reluctance she never thought she’d feel, Mia followed her granddad upstairs. Her excitement for what she was creating hadn’t changed. But her confidence in finishing the paintings on time was at an all-time low. 
It would take more than her granddad to make sure her paintings were ready for her exhibition—it would take a miracle.
CHAPTER FIVE
A week later, Mia stood in her bedroom as Claire and Hannah hunted through her closet. “I can’t go,” she said. 
Hannah threw a pair of jeans onto a chair. “You’ve been painting until all hours of the night. You need a break.”
Mia sat on the edge of her bed. “What I need to do is finish my paintings.”
Claire held a red shirt in the air. “This could work. What do you think, Hannah?”
Hannah’s blond head appeared from behind the closet doors. “Perfect. Where are your black ankle boots, Mia?”
“I don’t know,” she muttered.
Hannah stuck her hands on her hips. “We’re not taking no for an answer. What time did you start painting this morning?”
“Six o’clock.”
Claire shook her head. “It sounds as though we’ve arrived at the right time. Thirteen hours is too long for anyone to be working on a canvas. Even Michelangelo had downtime from painting the Sistine Chapel.”
Mia snorted. “He probably had two stubborn friends as well.”
“We’re looking after you,” Hannah said. “That’s what friends are for.”
Mia appreciated what they were doing, but the last place she wanted to go was a barn dance. “Eating corn off the cob and line dancing wasn’t part of my Saturday night plans.”
“What were you going to do?” Hannah asked.
“Soak in the bath for at least an hour, then go to bed.”
“It makes perfect sense why you’d pass on a barn dance given that kind of excitement,” Hannah said dryly. 
Claire reached into the closet. “You’ve had too many quiet nights at home. Here…” With a flick of her wrist, she spun a cowboy hat toward Mia. “This will look great with the rest of your clothes.”
“The last time I wore this was when you dragged me to a rodeo in Livingston.”
Hannah placed a finger on her chin. “Hmm. I think I see a pattern emerging. Are you allergic to country music, handsome men, and tight jeans by any chance, Mia?”
“I don’t have a problem with handsome men, but I do need an early night.” She rolled her shoulders. Each muscle in her back ached. 
Hannah sat beside her. “What if we promised to bring you home in a few hours?”
“It’s for a good cause,” Claire added as she sat on the other side of Mia. “All the money raised goes toward Bozeman Middle School’s technology program.”
Mia looked at the clothes hanging over her chair. By the time she changed and they arrived at the school, it would be eight o’clock. A few hours of dancing and good food wouldn’t hurt her, especially after her marathon painting effort.
“Okay. I’ll come to the barn dance. But I need to be home by midnight. Otherwise, this Cinderella will turn into a zombie and chase you for the rest of your lives.”
Hannah leaped off the bed and handed Mia the jeans and shirt they’d found. “You’ve got ten minutes to get ready.”
Claire pulled the cowboy hat over Mia’s ponytail. “You won’t regret coming with us.”
Mia disappeared into her bathroom, hoping they were right. 

***
Stan looked around Bozeman Middle School’s auditorium. Whoever had decorated the room had done a good job. With hay bales stacked against the walls, colorful banners, and a country band playing on stage, it was a great backdrop for the school’s fundraiser.  
“You should try smiling,” Daniel said. “You’ll look less scary that way.”
Stan lowered his cowboy hat. “I’m hiding from Stella. For some reason she thinks I need a girlfriend.”
“Well, we are at a barn dance and the only person you’ve danced with is your daughter. Maybe she’s feeling sorry for you.”
“They weren’t the exact words she whispered in my ear fifteen minutes ago.”
“Really?”
Stan scanned the room. Thankfully, Stella was nowhere in sight. “I’m a wanted man.” 
“Better you than me,” Daniel muttered. “Have you met Ryan Evans yet?”
“No, but I’m hoping you’ll introduce us.” Some days, it seemed as though the entire country knew that Ryan Evans, a country music superstar, had built his dream home not far from Bozeman. Whenever he performed at a festival or concert in Montana, tickets sold out within hours.
Daniel handed him a soda. “The cogs of your brain are working overtime.”
“Ryan could be a valuable person to know for our fundraiser.”
“You’ll have to stand in line behind everyone else.”
“How many months ago did you book him for tonight?”
Daniel leaned toward him. “We didn’t book him,” he whispered. “When he heard we were raising money for a new computer lab, he offered to perform. His publicist told me he usually has a ten month lead-in time for events.”
It was less than three months until the gala. The odds of Ryan helping them were so small that it almost wasn’t worth asking.
“It might not be as bad as you think,” Daniel said. “The hospital gala is right before Christmas. If Ryan’s spending Christmas at Emerald Lake, he might be happy to help.” Daniel glanced over Stan’s shoulder. “Looks like we’ve got company.”
His whole body tensed as he waited for Stella to pounce.
“Hi, Daniel. I wondered if you’d be here.” Mia smiled, then turned toward Stan.  
He didn’t know whether it was the relief of not having to deal with Stella or simply seeing Mia that made his heart squeeze tight. She’d twisted her hair into a mass of dark curls. They tumbled over her shoulders and onto the cutest cowgirl outfit he’d ever seen. With her big blue eyes sparkling under the fluorescent lights, he was glad he’d come tonight.
“Your jeans and shirt suit you.” Stan clamped his mouth shut. Of all the things he could have said, that was the worst.
Mia didn’t seem worried by his clumsy compliment. She lifted her hat to her head and tipped the brim. “You can thank Claire and Hannah for my transformation. Before they arrived at my house, I was covered in paint.”
Daniel frowned. “You must have nearly finished your landscapes.”
A red-hot blush hit Mia’s cheeks. “I’m getting there. How’s Holly?”
“Scotland’s weather isn’t great, but she’s enjoying spending time with her dad. And talking about dads—Annabelle is on her way over here.”
Stan smiled at the plate of food in his daughter’s hands. “Don’t tell me you’re planning on eating all of that corn yourself?”
Annabelle rolled her eyes. “Of course not. I thought you and Mr. Sullivan might like some. There’s an extra one for you, Miss Costas.”
Mia’s gaze darted to Stan. “Annabelle is your daughter?”
Stan was just as surprised. “How do you know each other?”
“I teach an art program twice a year at Bozeman Middle School. Annabelle has been to one program and she’s registered for December’s classes.”
“Miss Costas is an amazing artist, dad. She brought some of her paintings to school.”
If Stan thought Mia’s face was red before, it had nothing on the new blush streaking across her face. 
“It helps my students understand who I am and what you can do with a blank canvas.”
Daniel cleared his throat. “I’ve seen your paintings and they do more than that. You have a way of—”
“Oh my goodness,” Mia said quickly. “I didn’t realize it was so late. I said I’d meet Claire and Hannah five minutes ago.”
“They’re at the back of the barn beside the food tables,” Annabelle said helpfully. “I can show you where I saw them.”
Mia shook her head. “It’s all right. I’ll be able to find them. Enjoy the dance.”
And before Stan could ask what was going on, Mia disappeared into a group of people. 
He glanced at Daniel. “Did I say something wrong?”
“I don’t think it was you. Mia’s got a lot happening at the moment.”
“Her paintings are going to be exhibited in San Francisco,” Annabelle said excitedly. “It’s a big deal.”
“How do you know about the exhibition?” Stan asked.
“My friend Mary Lou was in Angel Wings Café when Miss Costas told her friends.”
“Mary Lou seems to know everything that’s happening in Bozeman,” Stan said dryly.
“She wants to be a Special Agent with the FBI when she’s older.”
Stan’s eyebrows rose. “Really?”
“Yep. She’s even been on a tour of the FBI headquarters in Washington D.C.” 
Stan wasn’t interested in Mary Lou’s career ambition, but he was interested in Mia. “Why didn’t you tell me that Miss Costas was your art teacher?”
Annabelle shrugged. “I gave all of Miss Costas’ notices to Mrs. Dodds. She said she would leave them in your office at home.”
“I must have missed them.” He’d been so busy that he hadn’t looked at anything beyond the hospital spreadsheets and financial data on his desk.
“Mrs. Dodds signed all the forms. We have an exhibition in the school library next Monday. It starts at six o’clock.”
“Was that on one of the notices?”
Annabelle stared at him, disappointment gathering in her eyes. “I wish you didn’t forget so many things.”
Her words cut deep. He tried so hard to be a good father, but sometimes he felt like a complete failure.
Daniel touched his arm. “I need to see one of the lighting contractors. I’ll introduce you to Ryan after he’s performed.”
“Sounds good. Let me know if you need a hand with anything.” He turned back to Annabelle. “I’ll make sure I’m home in time to take you to the exhibition.”
“Are you sure? Mrs. Dodds said she could take me.” 
“That was nice of Mrs. Dodds, but I’d like to come.”
Annabelle nodded and handed him a cob of corn. “We’d better eat these before they get cold.”
He bit into the juicy cob, not tasting anything. “This is good.”
“I know. I had one with Mary Lou before I saw you.”
Stan wiped his chin with one of the napkins on Annabelle’s plate. “Have I told you how much I love you?”
“A million times.” Annabelle sighed. “Do you think Mary Lou and I could go with you when you meet Ryan?”
“Of course you can.” That was the least he could do. He’d been so focused on the hospital that he’d forgotten about the most important person in his life. From tonight, that was going to change. If it didn’t, he would have a very unhappy daughter and a stomach ulcer the size of Mount Rushmore.

***
Mia called herself every fool under the sun. If she didn’t tell Stan about her paintings, someone else would.
“What’s wrong?” Claire asked. “You look as though you’ve got the weight of the world on your shoulders.”
“I met Stan Lewis’ daughter. Her name is Annabelle.”
“And that’s a bad thing?”
“Not exactly. Annabelle was one of my students in the first art program I did at Bozeman Middle School. She knows I’m an artist.”
Claire pulled her across to a pile of hay bales. “Haven’t you told Stan?”
Mia shook her head. “He knows I teach art. He thinks I enjoy painting as a hobby.”
“Has he seen your canvases?”
“No, and I don’t want him to.”
Claire frowned. “Why not?”
“It was easier than telling him the truth.”
“You have to tell him.”
“What if he thinks I’m not the right person to help with the gala? He needs someone with event management experience. Most days I have trouble organizing my own life, let alone a major fundraiser.”
“Hannah and I were only supposed to stage the event. He asked you to help him organize the whole event after he met you. Without your help, the gala wouldn’t be happening.”
“Maybe, but there’s so much to do.” 
Claire frowned. “Are you worried about your exhibition?”
Mia took a deep breath. “I talked to the head of the art faculty yesterday. I asked him if I could have three days off work to finish my paintings. He said no.”
“Can he do that?”
“He’s my boss. No one in our faculty has vacation time scheduled, but he said he couldn’t approve my leave on such short notice.”
“If you called in sick, he wouldn’t have a choice.”
“I know.” Mia watched the people in front of them. Everyone was finishing their supper and getting ready for the arrival of Ryan Evans. 
“I can’t help with your manager,” Claire said. “But Hannah and I can speak to Stan. We need to explain why you’re working with us.”
“It wouldn’t help. All it would do is make him more worried that the gala will be a flop.”
“What do you want to do?”
“I don’t know what I’ll say to Stan, but I do know what I’ll say to my boss. I’ll talk to him again. I never take vacation time and I’m hardly ever sick. Taking a few days off work will make a huge difference to my paintings. If he still says no, I’ll have to find some other way of finishing them.”
Claire rubbed her forehead. “I’m sorry we asked you to help us.”
Mia wrapped her arm around her friend’s shoulders. “I was happy to help. If Deirdre were still the fundraising coordinator, it would be much easier.”
“Has Stan found a person to replace her?”
“Not yet.” 
A cheer rang out from the audience. Almost everyone had found a seat.
Claire pulled Mia toward the last row of chairs. “Don’t worry about your manager. If he doesn’t let you have time off, I’ll call him and tell him you’ve got the flu.”
Mia knew it wouldn’t be that easy. She would have to be near death to make him believe she was actually sick. If Steven still said no after she spoke to him, there was only one way she would be able to take time off work—and it wasn’t an option she was ready to consider.

***
Stan wasn’t sure his daughter would be able to speak after Ryan Evans stopped singing. She’d clapped and cheered so much that he was surprised she could still yell for an another song at the end of the performance.
Not that she was alone. Most of the women in the audience were starstruck by the country singer’s dark brooding looks and great voice.
“I made the wrong career choice,” Daniel said from beside him.
“We both did. It must be hard having so many adoring fans falling at your feet.”
“From what Ryan’s said, it’s something you need to get used to. Otherwise, you’d never leave your house.”
“I’ve seen photos of his home. It wouldn’t be a hardship if I couldn’t leave his property.”
“Even the most gilded cage is still a cage.”
Stan smiled. “You’re getting poetic in your old age. Being engaged to an artist is changing you.”
“Don’t tell Holly. It will ruin my reputation as a straight-laced computer programmer.”
“Nothing could ruin your reputation. Holly knows exactly who she’s marrying.”
Daniel picked up another chair, placing it on top of the three he’d already stacked together. “I hope so. We still haven’t settled on a date for our wedding.”
“I thought you were getting married next April?”
“We thought so, too. But Holly has been invited to exhibit at a gallery in Berlin. The exhibition opens the weekend we were getting married. A pre-Christmas wedding might be our only option.”
Stan picked up the chairs in front of him. “Unless you’re planning on doing everything yourself, you’ll need at least six months to book everything.”
“And this comes from your vast experience as a bachelor?”
“It comes from helping to organize the hospital’s fundraising gala. I can’t believe how far in advance people plan big events.”
“I can. All I have to do is look at Holly’s schedule to see how crazy life can get. ” 
Stan followed Daniel across the room with the last of the chairs. Annabelle was helping in the kitchen, so he’d offered to help clear this end of the auditorium. So far, the barn dance had been a huge success. 
With the chairs safely stored away, Stan and Daniel walked back into the auditorium. 
“Do you think the school has raised enough money to finish the remodel?” Stan asked.
“The ticket sales alone covered what we need. The other fundraising events the students organized will give them an even better lab.”
Annabelle walked toward them with a huge smile on her face. “Guess what happened, dad.”
“You made more than a hundred hamburgers?”
“No, but I must have been close. I just saw Miss Costas. She said I could visit her house to see her paintings.”
Stan looked carefully at Annabelle. “Are you sure she said it was all right?”
“She said that if it’s okay with you, we could visit her tomorrow. Can I tell her it’s okay?”
Annabelle was practically jumping on the spot with excitement. He didn’t want to disappoint her, but he knew Mia didn’t have a lot of spare time. “I’ll take you to her house, but we can only stay for half an hour.”
“That’s great. Thanks, dad.”
Before he could say another word, Annabelle shot across the room.
“She’s happy,” Daniel said.
“I just hope Mia doesn’t mind.” Stan tried to see where his daughter had gone, but there were too many people in the room. 
“She wouldn’t have invited Annabelle if it wasn’t all right. You could always ask Mia to dance and find out for yourself.”
“I’ve got two left feet,” Stan muttered.
Daniel pushed him in the same direction Annabelle had gone. “It’s surprising how quickly you learn.”
Stan wasn’t so sure. “If you see Stella, keep moving.”
“I almost feel sorry for her. You need someone to blast you out of your comfort zone.”
“There’s nothing wrong with being cautious.” Stan’s gaze landed on his daughter. She was talking to Mia, gesturing wildly with her hands. If he began a relationship with anyone, Annabelle would be an important part of it, whether it was purely friendship or something more.
Mia smiled and nodded. That was enough for Annabelle to give her a hug.
Whatever plans they were hatching would have to wait until tomorrow. Tonight, they had a barn dance to enjoy.

***
Mia wasn’t sure that dancing with Stan was a good idea. She needed to tell him about her paintings, but being this close to him made her feel like a fraud.
“Is there something you want to tell me?”
She stumbled and Stan pulled her closer. If she didn’t tell him the truth now, he’d find out tomorrow. “I’m not who you think I am.” 
“Sounds serious. Who are you?”
Stan’s smile wouldn’t last long once she told him she’d lied. “I’m not a contractor. I don’t know the first thing about managing events. I’m an artist. I paint large, abstract landscapes. If it weren’t for my granddad, I wouldn’t have offered to stage your event.”
“You haven’t worked for Perfect Staging before?”
Mia shook her head. “Not even part-time. Claire and Hannah are my friends. They needed someone to help them.” 
“And your grandfather thought you were the best person?”
“My granddad thinks I can do anything.”
Stan’s eyebrows rose. “He sounds like a sensible person.”
“He’s Greek,” Mia muttered. “He’s the most sensible person he knows.”
“Why are you telling me this now?”
Mia sighed. “I need to finish two paintings for an exhibition. Between my teaching job and helping you, I don’t have a lot of spare time.”
“Are you telling me you can’t help with the gala?”
“Not exactly. If I work really hard, I should have the canvases finished in a week. All I need is someone else to be the main contact person for the gala. After next week, I should have more time.”
“I’ll ask my secretary to take all calls. Why didn’t you tell me that painting is more than a hobby for you?”
“It was easier than telling you the truth.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Most people think artists are disorganized and live in a different world from everyone else. The gala is important and so is my friends’ business. I didn’t want to disappoint anyone.”
Stan nodded and changed direction. “I have a confession to make, too. Annabelle told me about your exhibition.”
“How did she know about it?”
“She overheard you talking to your friends.”
Mia stopped dancing. “You knew I was a professional artist?”
“I only found out tonight. Why are you still working at the college if you’re being invited to exhibit in galleries?”
“I like my job at the university.” His steady gaze upset her. He knew she wasn’t telling him the entire truth. 
“Annabelle doesn’t need to see your paintings tomorrow. We can see them once the exhibition is finished.”
Mia knew how much Stan’s daughter was looking forward to seeing her studio. “It’s okay. If you arrive around lunchtime, I’ll be having a break, anyway.”
“Are you sure?”
“Positive.” But that was another lie. She wasn’t sure of anything anymore. Working on the gala had complicated her life more than she thought it would. 
The band finished the song they were playing and Stan stepped away from her. “Would you like a drink?”
Mia looked around the crowded room. “That would be great, but there are a lot of people here. The line for the bar will be huge.”
Stan pointed to the other side of the room. “There’s a lemonade stand over there.”
Lemonade suited her fine. She needed to be out of bed early tomorrow and even one glass of wine would give her a headache. “I’ll follow you.”
He leaned down and whispered in her ear. “I’ve got another idea.” Stan wrapped his hand around hers. “You’re so small that we’ll lose track of each other if you follow me.” 
She tilted her head and stared into his brown eyes. “I’ve been finding my own way perfectly well up until now.”
“I know you have, but it’s better when someone’s beside you.”
The heat of Stan’s hand fused with hers, sending goose bumps along her skin. “Maybe you’re right.”
He tapped the end of her nose. “I know I am. Let’s get that lemonade before everyone realizes how good it is.”
As they walked around the edge of the dance floor, Mia kept reminding herself that she didn’t have to hold Stan’s hand. But the farther they walked, the more comfortable it felt. It was just as well Claire and Hannah were nowhere in sight. If they saw her with Stan, they’d think something was going on between them.
And it wasn’t. It couldn’t. Not for a long time. 
Someone tapped her shoulder. She turned and her smile faltered. “Granddad? What are you doing here?”
Her grandfather looked at Stan, then down at their linked hands.
She let go of Stan’s fingers. “Umm, granddad…this is Stan Lewis, the director of Bozeman Deaconess Hospital.”
Nick’s eyebrows twitched. “You are Mia’s boss?”
Stan didn’t seem the least intimidated by her granddad’s unhappy glare. “Not exactly. We’re working together on the gala for the new neonatal unit.” Stan held out his hand. “It’s a pleasure meeting you. I’ve heard some great things about you from Mia.”
Nick shot a slightly less annoyed look at her. “She is my special girl. Perhaps you would like to tell me about yourself? I have a table at the back of the room.”
Mia knew exactly what her grandfather was doing. He’d want to know every small detail about Stan’s life. He’d keep asking questions until he knew exactly why Stan had been holding her hand. 
She needed to keep her grandfather away from him. “We’re on our way to the lemonade stand, granddad.”
“I have lemonade on my table. Come, join Kathy and me. We would enjoy your company.”
“Stan’s really busy. He’s helping his friend with the barn dance.” Stan sent her an amused glance. Mia wanted to tell him that her grandfather meant business. If he thought someone was interested in her, they were given the third degree—Greek style.
Instead of doing what any sensible male would have done, Stan ignored her. 
“What about Annabelle?” she asked in desperation. “She might need you.”
“She’s helping Tess in the kitchen. She’ll text me when she’s finished.”
Her grandfather’s smile made Mia groan. Stan didn’t know what he’d started. 
“Come, Stan. I will introduce you to my friend, Kathy. We can get to know each other a little better.”
Mia slowly followed her granddad. After tonight, she wouldn’t have to worry about helping with the gala. Stan would run a mile from her and her crazy grandfather.

***
“I like your granddad,” Annabelle said as she opened the door of her dad’s truck. It was after ten o’clock and everyone was going home from the barn dance. “He’s nice.”
Mia handed Annabelle the box of cupcakes that Tess had given her. “He likes you, too.”
“Do you think he meant it when he said I could visit him in his gallery?”
“I know he did. Don’t forget to go into his workroom with your dad. It’s amazing.”
Annabelle pulled on her seatbelt. “This is the best night ever.”
The amused glance that Stan sent Mia made her smile. Nick’s inquisition had turned to delight when Annabelle joined them. They’d talked about Annabelle’s friends, what she was doing at school, her art classes, and the galleries she’d visited.
Stan had earned extra points for taking his daughter to the gallery Nick used to curate in Manhattan.
For Mia, it was wonderful seeing her granddad so happy. She didn’t know if the sparkle in his eyes was because of Annabelle or because Kathy was sitting beside him.
Stan opened her door. “That was better than I thought it would be.”
“Do you mean the barn dance or talking with granddad?”
“The barn dance,” Stan said. “Although Nick had me worried for a few minutes. Does he ask everyone if they have Greek relatives?”
A wave of heat hit Mia’s face. “Granddad thinks I should find a good Greek man to marry. He keeps reminding me that I’m not getting any younger.”
“Do you know any good Greek men?”
“No, but it hasn’t stopped granddad from playing matchmaker.” Mia pulled on her seatbelt while Stan got into the truck.
Annabelle leaned forward. “Dad said I can’t date anyone until I’m twenty-three years old.”
Mia smiled. “How do you feel about that?”
“I don’t mind. Mary Lou had a boyfriend at the beginning of the year, but it didn’t last. She said he was too selfish.”
“That’s why you don’t date anyone until you’re twenty-three,” Stan said. “By then, everyone knows the type of person they like.”
Mia glanced over her shoulder. 
Annabelle looked confused. “What type of person do you date, Miss Costas?”
She didn’t know what to say. “Umm…well…I like men who are kind and happy.”
Annabelle’s frown deepened. “Is that all?”
“It might sound as though they’re only small things, but they’re important.”
“My dad is kind and happy. You could date him.”
Stan’s foot slipped off the accelerator. “Mia works with me, Annabelle.”
“That’s a good thing, isn’t it? Miss Costas can get to know you because you never go on dates.”
Mia glanced across the truck. For some reason, the blush on Stan’s face made her smile. It was no wonder her grandfather and Annabelle had gotten along so well. They were as bad as each other.
“You don’t have to date someone to be happy,” Stan said. 
“Oh.” Annabelle looked at Mia, then back at her dad.
Mia had a feeling she knew what Annabelle was going to say next. 
Apparently, so did Stan. “When do you want to visit Mr. Costas’ gallery, Annabelle?”
He couldn’t have chosen better words to divert his daughter’s attention. 
Annabelle bit her bottom lip. “We can’t go on Monday because we’ll be at my school’s art exhibition. On Tuesday, Mrs. Dodds is taking me to The Beauty Box for a haircut. What about on Wednesday?”
“I’ll check my schedule when we get home, but I think it will be okay.”
Mia turned around. “You could take some of your paintings to show granddad.”
Doubt clouded Annabelle’s eyes. “He might think they’re too babyish.”
“You’re a wonderful artist. He’d love seeing them.”
Annabelle sat back in her seat. “I could take the ones I painted when we went to Bridger Bowl. What do you think, dad?’
“That’s a great idea.”
Stan stopped for a set of lights, then turned into Mia’s street. She was thankful for the ride home. In more ways than one, it had been a long night—and it would be an even earlier morning.
“What have you planned for tomorrow?” Stan asked. 
“Apart from seeing you and Annabelle, I’ll be painting all day.”
“That sounds like the best kind of day,” Annabelle said. “I can’t wait to see your studio.”
“I used to say the same thing to my mom. Spending time in her studio was like being in a different world.”
Stan glanced at her. “Did you paint when you were there?”
“I painted everywhere I went.”
“I do the same thing,” Annabelle said happily. “Dad calls me his little Picasso.”
Stan slowed down, stopping in front of her apartment. 
She pulled off her seatbelt and smiled. “Thank you for the ride home. If it’s okay with your dad, Annabelle, you can call me Mia.”
“Dad?”
“It’s okay. But when Mia’s at school, you still have to call her Miss Costas.”
“I’ll remember. Do you want me to send you the photos that Mr. Costas took, Mia?” 
“That would be great. I’ll see you tomorrow.” Mia slid out of the cab and waved. “Drive safely.”
“We’ll be here at about twelve o’clock,” Stan said.
“Okay.” She closed her door and watched him drive away. She didn’t know how he managed to balance being a dad with a demanding job, but somehow he’d made it work. Annabelle was one of the nicest eleven-year-olds she’d ever met. She was happy and always willing to help someone else. 
Tonight’s exhibition had been a great way to celebrate the end of her first art program at Annabelle’s school. The students and parents had enjoyed themselves, and that was the most important thing.
With a sigh, she walked up her driveway and opened her front door. She thought about her own exhibition, the hours of work still ahead of her. 
Neither Claire, Hannah, or her grandfather would be impressed if she changed into her jeans and T-shirt and painted for a few hours. But luckily, none of them were here. 
With a happy spring in her step, she rushed upstairs and into her bedroom. She would only paint until midnight, maybe one o’clock if everything were going well. 
And then, if she set her alarm, she’d be awake by six o’clock tomorrow morning, eating breakfast between brushstrokes. The only thing that could make life better was an extra month before her exhibition. But hoping for that was no better than wishing on a star. 
CHAPTER SIX
The next day, Stan parked his truck in Mia’s driveway. From the moment Annabelle had woken, she hadn’t stopped talking about visiting Mia’s studio. Now that they were here, even he was curious about what they would see.
After his daughter had gone to bed last night, he’d searched for Mia on the Internet. He’d found a couple of articles about exhibitions where her work had been featured and an interview she’d given to the Bozeman Chronicle. But it was the photos of her paintings that had surprised him.  
In one canvas, swirls of color blended together to create a stunning landscape. He didn’t know how she’d painted such an incredible canvas, but he was looking forward to finding out.
Annabelle opened the truck door. “Mia must have seen us coming. She’s waiting on the porch.”
He looked across the yard at the woman who was as breathtaking as her paintings. Her smile reminded him of the setting sun—full of the joy of a day well lived and the promise of another to come.
By the time he’d locked his truck, Annabelle was already standing on the porch, talking nonstop. He had to admire Mia. She patiently listened to his daughter, smiling when Annabelle’s enthusiasm bubbled over into a spontaneous hug. 
He stood below them on the bottom stair, grateful to be here and happier than he’d been in a long time. 
When Annabelle ran out of words, Mia glanced at him and smiled. “I think I’ll have to show Annabelle my studio before lunch. Is that okay with you?”
“She’s not the only one who’s been looking forward to seeing your paintings.” 
“Dad googled you last night. He showed me two of your paintings. They are amazing.”
Mia’s eyebrows rose. “I don’t know whether to be flattered or worried. You might be disappointed when you see the paintings in my studio.”
“I don’t think that’s possible,” Stan reassured her. “Annabelle’s right. You’re a talented artist.” The soft blush on Mia’s cheeks made him sigh. If he were a betting man, he’d almost think she didn’t know how good her paintings were.
Mia waved them through her front door. “My studio is at the top of the stairs.”
Annabelle bounded ahead of them.
“Not so fast,” he warned his daughter. “You might bump into something.”
“She’s okay,” Mia said softly. “The canvases I’m working on are on the far side of the room. The only thing she might upset is Mr. Renoir.” 
Stan smiled. “You have a famous artist in your studio?”
“Almost. I found Mr. Renoir behind granddad’s gallery. He’s the scruffiest cat I’ve ever seen.”
“And you still brought him home?”
Mia grinned. “I didn’t have a choice. I fell instantly in love with him.”
Stan had never envied a cat, but he was getting closer by the minute. “He’s a lucky cat.”
Mia’s blush deepened. “We’d better go upstairs before Annabelle wonders where we are.”
Before he forgot, he held out a basket. “We stopped at the French bakery on our way here. We bought croissants and pastries for lunch.”
“You didn’t have to do that.”
“It’s the least we could do. I appreciate you showing us your studio.”
“I don’t mind. It’s nice to have human company.” She looked inside the basket. “These look delicious. Thank you.” 
There was no logical reason for the rush of pleasure her words gave him, but it was there all the same. “You’re welcome.”
“I love your paintings,” Annabelle said from the top of the stairs.
“I’m glad.” Mia left the basket on the hall table and walked upstairs.
As soon as they stepped into the studio, Annabelle was beside them. “Why did you start painting, Mia?” she asked. 
“I’m not sure why I started, but I keep painting because I like how my canvases make people feel. My mom was an artist. She used to say that I was born with a paintbrush in my hand.”
“Did your mom teach you how to paint?” 
Stan heard the wistfulness in Annabelle’s voice, the longing that was never far away when someone talked about their mother.
“Mom told me I needed to paint what was in my heart before I painted what was in someone else’s. I didn’t take formal lessons until I was twelve years old.” 
Stan could see his daughter thinking about what Mia had said. “Your mom sounds like a nice person.”
“She was.” 
Mia’s voice sounded almost as sad as his daughter’s. She walked across to a portrait on the wall. Two people stood with their arms wrapped around each other. They were looking over their shoulders, forever smiling at the people watching them. 
“This is my mom and dad. They died when I was ten years old.”
Annabelle’s eyes widened. “How did they die?”
Stan’s gaze shot to his daughter. “Mia might not want to talk about—”
“It’s okay,” Mia said quickly. “I don’t mind. Mom and dad were in a car accident. Mom died in the crash and dad died two days later in the hospital.”
Annabelle nodded. “My mom died when I was two years old. She had breast cancer.”
“That must have been a sad time for you and your dad.”
“I was only little. I didn’t understand what had happened.”
Stan stared at the portrait of Mia’s parents. Instead of seeing their smiling faces, he remembered the little girl he’d held in his arms. Night after night, Annabelle had cried for her mommy. It didn’t matter how many lullabies he’d sung or how many cuddles he’d given her—nothing made up for the deep, dark loss of her mom.
 “How do you feel now?” Mia asked.
Annabelle looked down at her hands. “Sometimes I feel sad. Who looked after you when your mom and dad died?”
“I stayed with granddad. I spent a lot of time with him before my parents died, but it was different after they were gone.”
“Do you have any brothers and sisters?”
Mia shook her head. “No. It’s just me and granddad in our family.”
“I’ve got cousins,” Annabelle said. “And aunties and uncles. Sometimes we all get together and it’s super noisy.”
“I bet it is.” Mia stood in front of another canvas. “What do you think of this painting?”
Annabelle tilted her head to the side. “I like the blue and gray colors. They’re soft and dreamy. What is it?”
“It can be anything you want it to be.” 
“Really?”
Mia pointed to the canvas beside it. “When I start a painting, I have an idea of what I think it will look like at the end. But sometimes, as I’m layering different colors and textures onto the canvas, the painting decides to tell a different story. Both of these paintings were like that.”
“Isn’t that kind of strange?”
“It’s magic,” Mia said with a smile. “My mom was right. If you listen to your heart, your paintings will tell their own stories.”
Annabelle stopped in front of a half-finished canvas. “Dad said you’re working on some paintings for your exhibition. Is this one of them?”
“It is. I haven’t finished the one beside it, either. But the first painting in the series is all done.”
Stan looked around the studio. A large painting sat on an easel on the right-hand side of the room. He walked closer, studying the intricate detail of the portrait. “Is this the first canvas?”
“How did you guess?” Mia asked.
“The same American Indian warrior is in each painting.”
Mia nodded. “Tell me what else you see.”
He studied the colors, the way the brushstrokes gave life to the portrait. Leaning forward, he peered at the painting. “The raw intensity of the landscape reminds me of Montana.”
Mia seemed relieved.
“Am I right?”
She nodded. “The warrior is Chief Sitting Bull. He was one of the great Lakota Indian warriors. I met his descendants last year. I had goose bumps when they told me about his life.”
Stan moved to another canvas. It was half-finished and showed Chief Sitting Bull standing on a ridge overlooking an enormous plain. His gaze was focused on the distant mountains, determination etched into every line on his face.
“What is he looking at?” Annabelle asked.
Mia stood in front of the painting. “In 1876, Sitting Bull and a leader of the Lakota Sioux, Crazy Horse, were part of the Battle of Little Bighorn. More than six hundred soldiers died in the battle, including General Custer. In this painting, Chief Sitting Bull is looking across the Little Bighorn Valley before the fighting began.”
Annabelle’s eyes misted over. “Do you think he felt sorry for the people who died?”
“Life was different, then. The Indian people weren’t treated very well by the American government. A lot of important promises were broken. Come and have a look at the last painting.”
Stan watched his daughter as she slowly walked toward the third canvas. Annabelle was tall for her age, standing almost shoulder to shoulder with Mia. With Annabelle’s gaze focused on the last painting, he could have left the room and she wouldn’t have noticed.
“He has a baby in his arms.” Annabelle smiled at Mia. “He looks happy.”
“That’s Standing Holy. She was Chief Sitting Bull’s daughter.”
Stan’s gaze moved between each canvas. The paintings spanned many years of Sitting Bull’s life. But each captured the essence of the man who led the Lakota tribe through a turbulent time in history. 
“They’re incredible.” He hoped Mia knew how much he meant those words. “I feel as though I know who Sitting Bull was and what was important to him.”
Mia rubbed the palm of her hand. “You don’t think they’re too different from my landscapes?”
“They’re completely different, but they add another dimension to your work. You’re a talented artist and a great storyteller.” Mia’s uncertain smile made his heart ache. His daughter wasn’t the only person who needed someone to reassure her. “How long will it take to finish them?”
“About three weeks. I’m hoping to take a few days off work to concentrate on my paintings.”
Annabelle looked worried. “But you’ll still be at school for our workshops, won’t you?”
“I wouldn’t miss them for the world,” Mia said. “The next classes don’t start until after my exhibition.”
Stan looked at the unfinished canvases of Sitting Bull. “Are you sure three weeks will be enough?”
“It has to be,” Mia sighed. “I want to give them at least three weeks to dry before I send them to San Francisco.”
“You can do it,” Annabelle said confidently. “Mrs. Dodds is dad’s housekeeper. She always tells me I can do anything I put my mind to.”
Mia didn’t look any happier. “I’ll remember that. How about we go downstairs and have lunch?”
Annabelle took one last look around the studio. “Your mom would have liked your paintings. They’re beautiful.”
Stan followed his daughter’s gaze. She was right. There was something compelling about each canvas. But the portraits of her parents and Sitting Bull were more than compelling. Each stroke of her brush captured the soul of their personalities, the essence of the life they had led. 
He couldn’t do anything to make Mia feel more confident about her work, but he could help in other ways. Even if it meant juggling his hectic workload, he wouldn’t let the hospital gala stop her from finishing her portraits.

***
Mia scowled at Steven Murdoch. She’d just spent the last ten minutes explaining why she needed to take three days off work. With his lips pursed and arms crossed, he wasted no time telling her how inconsiderate she’d become.
Yesterday, after Stan and Annabelle went home, she thought long and hard about her job at the university. She enjoyed teaching and seeing her students reach their full potential. But working with her manager was becoming too stressful.
As soon as she’d arrived at work, she’d booked an appointment to see him. Regardless of what might happen, she needed time away from the university.
She handed her manager the invitation she’d received from the gallery in San Francisco. “This is the letter from the John Williams Gallery. All I’m asking for is three days off work. Without that, I don’t think I’ll finish my paintings in time.”
Steven read the letter. His jaw clenched as he handed it back. “Part of being a professional artist relies on having the right attitude. If you couldn’t meet the gallery’s time frame, you shouldn’t have accepted their invitation to exhibit.”
Her heart pounded. “Are you telling me I don’t have a professional attitude?”
Steven’s eyes narrowed. After fifteen years of working at MSU, Professor Murdoch had learned a thing or two about staying out of trouble. “This isn’t the time or place to discuss any concerns I might have about your employment. I have another meeting I need to attend. Seeing the letter from the gallery hasn’t changed my mind. I’ll expect you at work next week, as per usual.”
Mia looked at the letter. She’d been so excited when it had arrived. When she’d told her grandfather, his smile would have lit the state of Montana for a week. But that had been eight months ago. 
With trembling hands, she slid the letter into its envelope. “The exhibition is important.”
“I’m sure it is, but I can’t change the teaching schedule on such short notice.”
The scar on her hand throbbed. She took a deep breath, preparing herself for the words she’d agonized over last night. “You can change the schedule. I’ve seen you do it for other staff, but for some reason, you won’t do it for me.”
“Your request isn’t the same as anyone else’s. If that’s all you wanted to discuss, I suggest we both go back to work.”
Mia opened the notebook she’d brought into Steven’s office. She’d spent more than an hour writing and rewriting the letter she handed him. “This is my resignation. I’ll work until the end of the week.”
“You can’t be serious.”
“I’ve never been more serious. An opportunity to exhibit at the John Williams Gallery doesn’t come along often for new artists. I like my job at the university, but the exhibition could change my life.” Mia gathered her bag and the invitation Steven had handed back to her. “I’d like to let the rest of the faculty know that I’m leaving.”
Steven stood and followed her across his office. “I think you’re overreacting, but the decision is yours.”
Mia bit back the words she wanted to say. Steven Murdoch would never understand her. “I’ll send a copy of my resignation to the personnel office. If you need me to fill in any paperwork, you can leave it on my desk. I’ll do it tomorrow.” She opened the door and walked into the office she shared with the rest of their faculty. 
The beige walls, gray furniture, and overstuffed shelving had been her sanctuary for five years. She didn’t know what the future held, but it couldn’t be worse than where she’d come from.

***
Claire rushed into Angel Wings Café. “Tell me you didn’t resign.”
The cup in Mia’s hand wobbled. “How did you find out?”
“We’re planning Louisa Arnold’s engagement party. She said you announced your resignation at a faculty meeting this afternoon.” 
Mia glanced around the café. It was just as well more than half the tables were empty. News traveled fast in Bozeman and a full café would have spread the news at warp speed. 
“I couldn’t keep working at the university. I’ve been struggling to finish my paintings for months.”
“We should never have asked you to help with the hospital’s gala.”
“Don’t be silly. I’ve been thinking about resigning for a long time. The exhibition in San Francisco made the decision easier.”
Claire dropped her shopping onto the seat beside her. “What did your boss say when you resigned?”
“He was surprised. I don’t think he understands how important the exhibition could be to my career.”
“He understands more than you think he does. The John Williams Gallery has one of the best reputations in San Francisco. Your boss didn’t say no because there wasn’t any staff to cover your classes. He said no because of professional jealousy.”
The same thought had gone through Mia’s mind. “It doesn’t matter now. As of next Monday, I’m a full-time artist.”
“Have you told your granddad?”
“No. He invited me to dinner tonight, so I’ll tell him then.”
“He’ll be relieved that you’ve finally decided to focus on painting.”
Mia fiddled with the handle of her cup. “It wasn’t an easy decision.”
“I know, but it’s going to be okay. Your paintings sell for thousands of dollars. The exhibition can only increase your sales.”
A sinking feeling hit the bottom of Mia’s stomach. “What if it doesn’t? It was hard juggling teaching with painting, but at least I was earning a regular income. If I don’t sell any paintings, I won’t earn any money. My mortgage is still high and I have—”
Claire held out her hand. “Stop right there. How long did it take you to sell your last painting?”
Mia’s shoulders slumped forward. “Two weeks.”
“And how much money have you made so far?”
“That’s not the point.”
“Of course it’s the point. You’re worried about financial security. Your grandfather knows what he’s talking about when it comes to talent and you, my friend, have it in bucket loads.”
Tess refilled Mia’s coffee cup and slid another in front of Claire. “Is Hannah joining you?”
“Not today. She’s choosing decorations for an event we’re staging.”
“I’m jealous. Visiting your suppliers must be like stepping into an Aladdin’s cave full of treasure.”
Claire sipped her coffee. “It can be, but it’s also hard work. We want each event to be unique. Finding the perfect materials can be difficult.”
“You do a fantastic job,” Tess said. “I’m sorry I couldn’t help with the catering for the hospital’s gala. If I could have rearranged my bookings, I would have.”
Mia was confused. “What do you mean?”
Tess looked at Claire, then back at Mia. “Stan called me. The caterer was double-booked and had to cancel.”
Claire’s eyes widened. “When did Stan call you?”
“About half an hour ago.”
Mia picked up her cell phone and checked her messages. “He hasn’t called me. Did he say anything else?”
“No, but he sounded worried. I gave him some caterers’ phone numbers. I’m not sure what their Christmas bookings are like, but they’re worth a try.”
Mia didn’t know why Stan hadn’t called her, but that wouldn’t stop her from finding out what had happened. “I’ll call him now.”
He answered his cell phone straight away. 
“Hi, Stan. It’s Mia. Tess said the caterer can’t provide the food for the gala.”
Stan sighed. “I was hoping to book another company before you found out.”
She would have smiled if she weren’t so worried. “It’s a small town. Deirdre confirmed our booking with the catering company before she left. What happened?”
“We didn’t pay the deposit. The caterer only had Deirdre’s contact number. When her messages weren’t returned, she took another booking for the same night. I’ve contacted three companies and only one caterer might be available. I’ve got a meeting with them in fifteen minutes. Would you like to come with me?”
“I’d love to. Where are they based?”
Tess handed Mia her notepad and pen. She scribbled the caterer’s address on the paper. “I know that company. Are we meeting Annie Bayliss?”
“You know her?”
“Her company provides the food for the exhibitions at granddad’s gallery. She’s a really nice person.”
“Let’s hope she has a gap in her calendar. Do you want me to pick you up?”
Mia shook her head. “No. I’m at Angel Wings Café with Claire and Tess. I’ll meet you at the warehouse.”
“I’ll bring a copy of the menu. See you soon.”
After Stan ended the call, Mia slid her phone into her pocket. “We’re meeting Annie in fifteen minutes.”
Claire lifted Mia’s bag off the floor and handed it to her. “Let me know what she says. If she can’t help, we’ll come up with another plan.”
“Annie wouldn’t be meeting Stan if she didn’t think it was a possibility,” Tess assured them. 
“I hope you’re right.” Mia hugged her two friends and left the café. Just when she thought she’d made her life a little easier, fate intervened and threw a wrench in her plans. But if this wrench came with anything close to the finger food and dessert they needed, she’d take it.

***
Stan showed his ID to the security guard who’d stopped him outside Annie’s business. It was just as well she’d warned him about the additional security. If he hadn’t seen the small sign telling him that her company was based here, he would have driven past the entrance. 
He parked his truck and headed toward a woman standing in front of the building. “Hi, Annie. Thanks for meeting me on such short notice. Mia shouldn’t be too far away.”
“I’ve told the security guard she’ll be joining us. Let’s go through to my office. You can tell me about your event before Mia arrives.”
Stan followed her into the building. The interior was just as understated as the exterior. With wooden floors, white-painted walls, and a few plants scattered around the main reception area, there was nothing unusual about the space. “Can I ask you why there’s a security guard at the front gates?”
Annie smiled. “I share the warehouse with my husband’s storage company. The extra security is for his business.” She walked down a corridor and opened a door. “It’s usually a lot busier, but the admin staff have finished for the day. This is my office. Would you like something to drink?”
“No, thanks. I had a cup of coffee before I left work. What would you like to know about the gala?”
“You mentioned that you’re raising money for the new neonatal unit. Tell me about that.”
Stan sat on one of the chairs and opened his satchel. He showed Annie photos of the current facility and the architect’s plans for the new neonatal unit.
“I’m impressed. How far through the building process are you?”
“All of the structural work is complete. As soon as the painters have finished, the flooring contractors will arrive. We hope to have the new unit open by the middle of January.”
“That isn’t far away.”
“Which is why I’m worried about the gala. The grants and donations we’ve received cover all our building costs. The money we raise will be used to purchase high-tech equipment for the unit.”
“And without that money, you won’t be able to help as many babies?”
Stan nodded. “There are other equipment options we could consider, but our children deserve the best care we can give them. I’m confident that the gala will raise enough money, but we need a caterer.”
Annie’s cell phone beeped. She read the text and smiled. “Mia’s arrived and so has my husband. They’ll be here soon. Did you bring a list of the food you want to serve?”
“I’ve got it right here.” Stan opened a folder and handed her the menu. “We can change anything to make it easier for you.”
Someone knocked on the office door. 
Annie grinned at the man standing in the doorway. “Come in, Dylan. This is Stan Lewis, the director of Bozeman Deaconess Hospital.”
Stan held out his hand. “Nice to meet you.”
“Same here.” Dylan moved into the office and Mia followed.
Annie wrapped her arms around Mia. “It’s good to see you. I called into Nick’s gallery a couple of weeks ago, but you weren’t there. How’s everything going?”
“Busy. Thanks for seeing us so quickly.”
“You’re welcome. Come and sit down. Stan was about to show me the menu.”
Dylan stepped forward and touched his wife’s arm. “Can I have a quick word with you?”
“Of course you can.” She turned to Mia and Stan. “I’ll be back in a minute.”
While Annie was gone, Mia unrolled a large piece of card. She looked at Stan and smiled, sending his heart rate into overdrive.
“This is the only way I keep track of my life. Everything I’ve done, plan on doing, or want to do is on this chart.”
 He leaned forward and studied the calendar. She wasn’t kidding. “You’ve even listed your appointments at the beauty salon?”
Mia touched her long, silky, hair. “My hair grows like you wouldn’t believe. Loretta books up quickly, so I plan ahead and never miss an appointment.” She pointed to the chart. “I copied everything from the files you gave me onto this calendar. Deirdre definitely confirmed the catering. The company was supposed to send you an invoice two weeks ago. I guess they sent it to Deirdre instead. I thought I’d go through all the other bookings and make sure they’re okay.”
“I had the same thought. Gina’s started contacting everyone. We don’t need any more surprises this close to the gala. How do you know Annie?”
“We met at a barbecue. Annie helps Tess and some other friends run The Bridesmaids Club.”
“There was an article in the Chronicle about them. Don’t they match brides and bridesmaids with donated dresses?”
“That’s them. Last year they gave away more than five hundred dresses.”
Stan was impressed. “That must take a lot of time to organize.”
“More time than anyone imagined. They’re thinking of employing someone to help them.”
Annie rushed into her office. “Sorry about that. Dylan’s competing in an Ironman competition next weekend and his flight to Denver has changed.” She glanced at Mia’s calendar. “I’m not the only person who’s busy.”
“I’m about to be less busy. I’ve resigned from my job at the college.”
Stan’s eyes widened. He knew Mia wanted to take a few days off work, but he never imagined she’d resign.
Annie didn’t hesitate to hug her friend. “That’s wonderful. You’ve been talking about resigning for so long that I thought you would never get around to it. When is your last day?”
“This Friday. I hope I’ve done the right thing.”
“Sometimes we need to take a leap of faith to see how truly blessed we are. Don’t worry. It will all work out.”
Stan watched Mia blink back the tears that gathered in her eyes. There was more to her resignation than he knew, more to her entire life than she’d ever shared with him. A part of him wanted to be the person she could turn to. The person who would be her safe place to fall. Another part was terrified of feeling that way again.
Mia took a deep breath and pointed to their menu. “Let’s talk about the food for the gala. Stan and I have to be at an art exhibition in an hour.” 
Stan didn’t say anything.
Mia’s eyebrows rose. “Did you forget about the exhibition at Annabelle’s school?”
“I remembered. I even set the alarm on my watch so that we’re not late.”
“We’d better sit down, then,” Annie said. “You should both know that after Stan called me, I did a little reorganizing of my schedule. If we agree on a menu that can be prepared before the gala, I can help you.”
Stan’s legs nearly gave way. “Thank you.”
Mia’s sigh of relief matched how he felt. “What can we do to make it easier for you?”
With the menu in her hand, Annie ran through the list of options they’d chosen. “All of these items are fine, except for the seafood spring rolls. Could I provide beef canapés with cucumber sauce instead?”
Stan nodded. “I don’t have a problem with that. What about you, Mia?”
“Anything sounds good to me.”
Annie smiled. “I know what it’s like to be left without a caterer. But in your case, it’s worse than it is for most other events. It could have had an enormous impact on a lot of people’s lives.”
 Mia opened her notebook. “I didn’t realize how true that was until I started helping Stan. The other day his secretary interviewed a family whose son was in the neonatal unit for two months. He would have died without the care he received.”
“I hope you’re sharing that story with the rest of Bozeman? Sometimes it’s the personal stories that have the most impact.”
“Our advertising campaign starts next week,” Mia assured her. “We’re hoping stories like Samuel’s will sell the gala tickets. Are you able to cater for about 280 people?”
“That won’t be a problem. I’ll call in a couple of favors from people I’ve helped in the past. I guarantee you won’t be disappointed.”
Mia smiled at Stan. “I’ve tasted Annie’s baking. Everything she makes is delicious.”
“How about I send samples to your office on Wednesday morning, Stan? You’ll be able to taste each item and let me know if you want any changes.”
“Sounds great. Can you be there too, Mia?”
“I don’t have any classes on Wednesday mornings, so that should be okay.” She wrote ‘sample food in Stan’s office’ on her calendar. “Could you work out a price for the catering, Annie, and let us know how much it will cost?”
“Sure. You haven’t included any hot drinks on your menu. Would you like me to provide coffee and hot chocolate for your guests?”
Stan glanced at Mia. Her nod was all he needed. “That’s a great idea. There could be a few teenagers there with their parents. They’ll appreciate the chocolate.”
He waited while Annie and Mia added the drinks to their lists. 
“I think that’s all I need to know,” Annie said. “Stan’s secretary sent me the details of the gala and the required delivery times. If the number of guests coming to your event changes, let me know as soon as possible.”
Stan stood and held out his hand. “We will. Thanks, Annie. We appreciate what you’re doing for us.”
“I’m happy to help. And it’s even better that I was able to see Mia again.” She turned and hugged her friend. “When you’ve got some free time, come and see me. It would be great to catch up properly.”
“It won’t be for a couple of weeks, but I’ll definitely do that.”
They followed Annie out of the building. 
“The barrier arm on the front gate will be down. Just let Arnold know you’re leaving and he’ll let you through.”
Mia gave her friend another hug before Annie said goodbye.
As they walked toward their vehicles, Stan took a deep breath. “I feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders.”
“Me, too. We were lucky that Annie could help.”
Stan took his keys out of his pocket. “Can I ask you a personal question?”
“Sure.”
“Why did you resign from the college now and not in a few months?”
“When you saw my paintings of Chief Sitting Bull, you said that you felt as though you knew who he was and what was important to him. Granddad told me the same thing.” She lifted her chin. “I could have spent another year thinking about what I was going to do and still been no closer to making a decision. It’s time I focused on what’s important.”
“And focusing on your career as an artist is important?”
Mia sighed. “More than you could ever know.”
The alarm on his watch beeped. “We’d better leave. The exhibition starts in forty minutes.”
Mia rushed to her car. “I’ll meet you at the library after I’ve gone home and changed. Annabelle knows where to go.”
Stan frowned as she jumped into her driver’s seat and drove toward the security gates. Mia was like a mini tornado. Each time he saw her he felt as though he was being pulled closer to the center of a storm. And someday, he might be brave enough to tell her.
CHAPTER SEVEN
Mia stood proudly at the back of the library. Her students were showing their parents and friends the art they’d created in their workshops. It was easy to see their sense of accomplishment, the joy that came with knowing they’d worked hard and created stunning art.
“Congratulations. The exhibition is a huge success.”
Mia turned and smiled at Stan. He’d arrived half an hour ago with Annabelle. After a quick hello, Annabelle had led him straight to her paintings and Mia hadn’t seen them since.
She looked behind him and frowned. “Where’s Annabelle?”
“With her friends. They’re taking photos of each other’s work to add to the school’s Facebook page.”
“They were so funny today. Each piece of art was moved at least a dozen times before they were happy.” Her gaze wandered over Stan’s jacket and tie. After their meeting with Annie, he must have gone home and changed, too. “Don’t take this the wrong way, but you look handsome in your suit.”
A soft blush stained his cheeks. “Annabelle said it was a black-tie event.” He moved closer, lowering his voice. “None of the other fathers are wearing a dinner suit. I’m overdressed.”
“Don’t worry about what everyone else is wearing. Granddad says you can tell the caliber of a man by how he wears his clothes. And you wear your clothes beautifully.”
Stan’s blush deepened and Mia smiled. 
“I’m not the only person who wears their clothes beautifully,” he said. “You look lovely.”
When Mia’s smile widened, Stan groaned. “That didn’t come out how it was meant to. What I should have said is that it’s not me who wears my clothes beautifully…it’s you. Not that you don’t always look beautiful…but tonight is—”
Mia decided to put him out of his misery. “Thank you. It’s nice to go to an event where I can dust off my high heels and wear a dress.”
“Annabelle said the same thing. Not about the high heels, but about wearing a dress. She’s grown so much that we had to go shopping for something for her to wear.”
“She’s almost as tall as I am—not that that’s hard. I always envied my tall friends.”
“Being tall has its downfalls.”
“Not as many as being short. I can never see over the top of anyone’s head, new clothes always need to be shortened, and if I eat a muffin, I swear you can see it on my hips the next day.” Mia took two glasses off a tray and handed one to Stan. “Juice?”
She didn’t know what she’d said, but Stan had a wide grin on his face. 
“Why are you still single?” he asked.
His question made her frown. “I prefer muffins to men,” she muttered.
“What if someone you were interested in had a smidgen of Greek ancestry in his family tree? Would that make him better than a muffin?”
“It depends on the muffin.” She laughed at the warmth in Stan’s eyes. “If we’re talking triple chocolate muffins with gooey caramel centers, then he’d need to have at least one parent who’s Greek. Otherwise, the muffin would win.”
“You have high standards.”
“In muffins or men?”
Stan’s smile disappeared. “Maybe both.” He looked around the library, breaking the tension that had grown between them. 
Mia told herself that was a good thing. Stan had a young daughter, a career that left next to no time for anything else. But it would be so easy to fall in love with him, to discover whether dating him was better than eating chocolate muffins.
“Hi, Mia.” Annabelle rushed up to her. “This is so awesome. All of my friends’ paintings have sold. Doesn’t dad look great? He hasn’t worn that suit in ages and it’s perfect.”
“He looks very handsome. Your dress is beautiful, too.”
Annabelle twirled in a circle. “We spent two hours looking for the perfect dress. Dad never got bored once.”
Mia made the mistake of glancing at Stan. His smile made her heart clench tight. He loved his daughter more than life itself. If it had taken all day to find Annabelle a dress, he wouldn’t have minded. 
“You’re very lucky,” she said to Annabelle. “My granddad hates shopping.”
“Unless it is for art supplies,” a gruff voice said from behind her.
“Granddad? What are you doing here?” Nick was wearing one of his favorite Italian suits. He looked like the sophisticated gallery owner he’d always been.
“I was invited to the exhibition by my good friend Kathy. Her grandson, William, was one of your students.”
The quiet twelve-year-old with serious brown eyes had been a wonderful student. He had bucket loads of raw talent and the confidence to create canvases that were always eye-catching.
“Have you seen the paintings he chose to exhibit?” she asked.
Nick nodded. “He has the same spark that you had at his age.” He held out his hand to Stan. “Excuse my manners. It is good to see you again, Stan. Annabelle, you look lovely.”
“Thanks, Mr. Costas.” Annabelle pointed to the other side of the room. “Would you like to see my paintings?”
“Nothing would please me more.”
Annabelle linked her arm around Nick’s and chatted nonstop as they crossed the room.
“I almost feel sorry for your grandfather,” Stan whispered. “Annabelle’s excited. She’ll tell him everything there is to know about her paintings and what she’s been doing.”
“Don’t worry about granddad. He’ll enjoy every minute. When I was younger, we used to spend hours talking about what we were doing.”
“Did you enjoy living with your grandfather?”
Mia looked at her glass of juice. “I did, but it took a while to feel that way. After my parents died, our lives were never the same.”
“It must have been hard on both of you. Did you spend a lot of time with him while your parents were alive?”
“We saw each other every week. The best times were when we were in his gallery. He’d tell me about the exhibitions and introduce me to the artists. The worst times were when mom and granddad argued. He wanted her to exhibit her paintings, but she wouldn’t do it.”
Stan moved closer, shielding her from the rest of the room. “Is that why you’ve been reluctant to make painting your full-time job?”
A lump formed in her throat. “When my parents died, my self-confidence was shattered. Mom and I used to talk about her work all the time. One of the things I learned was that it takes more than talent to make a great artist. I don’t know if I’ve got what it takes, but I have to try.”
“What are you most worried about?”
“That my career as an artist could fizzle into nothing.”
“Or explode into something you never imagined was possible.” Stan’s hand brushed against hers. “I don’t know much about art, but your paintings are better than anything I’ve ever seen. If anyone can be a successful artist, it’s you.”
For a moment, the sincerity in Stan’s face made her believe that anything was possible. “It won’t be easy.”
“The best things never are.”
She looked at the excitement on her students’ faces. Stan was right. The best things in life might not be easy, but they were worth every minute of the journey it took to get there. 

***
On Wednesday morning, Stan leaned around the kitchen doorframe looking for any sign of life. “Annabelle Lewis,” he yelled. “Breakfast is ready. If you’re not down here in two minutes I’m coming to get you.”
Annabelle appeared at the top of the stairs. “You don’t need to shout,” she groaned. “I was on my way down.”
“Next time, tell me. Help yourself to the pancakes. You’ve got twenty minutes before we leave.” He glanced at her torn jeans and purple T-shirt. Trying to figure out why anyone wore ripped clothes was beyond him. “Did Mrs. Dodds tell you that I’m working late tonight?”
“She said you had a meeting to go to.” Annabelle lifted three pancakes out of the oven. “Can I go to Stacey’s house after school? Her mom won’t mind.”
“But I will. Mrs. Dodds will look after you until I get home.”
“Your meetings are long. I could do my homework with Stacey.”
Stan rinsed his coffee cup and added it to the dishwasher. “Nice try, but it’s not going to work.”
Annabelle sat on a kitchen stool. “You don’t need to be so overprotective. I can look after myself.”
“You’re eleven years old. It’s my job to make sure you’re safe.”
“You don’t think I’ll be safe at Stacey’s house?”
“You’ll be safer with Mrs. Dodds. Did you hand in your history assignment yesterday?”
“Yes.”
He waited for Annabelle to remind him that they didn’t hand in paper copies of their homework anymore, but she kept quiet. “How do you think you did?”
“Okay, I guess.”
Mornings weren’t Annabelle’s favorite time of the day, but she wasn’t usually this quiet. There was one surefire way to encourage her to talk. All he had to do was mention anything about puppies. 
“Did Mr. Pointon bring his puppy to school yesterday?”
“No. It was too hot.” Annabelle lowered her head and ate her pancakes. A conveyor belt couldn’t have done a better job of getting the pancakes to her mouth.
He opened the folder that Mrs. Dodds had left on the counter. They’d decided to keep all the school notices in one place. That way, if he forgot something, the details would be in the folder.
He pulled out his cell phone and made sure he had Annabelle’s swimming competition and parent-teacher conference scheduled on his calendar. The next notice was for a fundraiser and the one after that talked about the school choir.
“Are you going to the retirement villages this Christmas to sing carols?”
Annabelle stopped chewing. “No.”
“I thought you liked singing with the choir?”
“I used to like singing in the choir.”
He didn’t know what was going on with Annabelle, but she wasn’t in a good mood. With his attention still focused on his daughter, he lifted the last notice out of the folder. “Is something worrying you?” 
She lifted another fork of pancakes into her mouth. “No.”
He glanced at his phone, then at the notice in his hands. His gaze landed on the subject line. He might have found the reason why Annabelle was so unhappy. “Did your teacher mention the mother and daughter day they’re having at school?”
Annabelle stopped chewing. She looked at the piece of paper, then at him. “I thought I’d…”
“What?” He had a feeling he knew exactly what she’d been about to say. It wasn’t the first time one of her school notices had gone missing and it probably wouldn’t be the last.
“It doesn’t matter.” She dropped her last pancake in the trash and stacked her plate in the dishwasher. “I’ll be back soon.”
 “I could go to the mother and daughter day with you.”
Annabelle stopped in the doorway. She turned toward him, a look of panic on her face. “You’re my dad.”
“There must be other kids whose moms can’t come. I could stop by Angel Wings Café and bring a dozen of Tess’ strawberry ripple muffins with me.”
“You can’t do that.” Tears brimmed in her eyes. “Everyone will think I’m a freak if my dad comes to school.”
All he wanted to do was wrap Annabelle in a big hug, but he held back. “I’ve been to other mother and daughter days before. What’s different about this one?”
Annabelle wiped her eyes. “I’m in middle school now. All the other kids will be bringing their moms or aunties. I’ve got no one.”
“What about Mrs. Dodds? She’d enjoy spending the day with you.”
“It’s not the same. You pay Mrs. Dodds to look after me.” 
His heart sank. He didn’t know what to say. 
Annabelle’s bottom lip quivered. “It’s not fair. Why did mom have to die?”
Stan couldn’t hold back any longer. He walked across the room and wrapped Annabelle in a hug. “I know you’re hurting. It’s hard not having your mom with us.”
“I miss her so much.”
“I know. I miss her too.”
Annabelle’s arms tightened around his waist. “A doctor from your hospital spoke at school yesterday. She looks after people with cancer.”
He held onto Annabelle with one arm while he searched for a tissue. “What did she say?”
“That some people die from cancer.” Annabelle gulped back a sob. “Everyone looked at me. I started crying.”
Anger replaced the grief inside him. The school should have called him if she’d been upset. “What happened when you started crying?”
“Mr. Pointon asked if I was okay. He said I could visit the library if I wanted to.”
“Did you?”
Annabelle shook her head. “I wanted to listen to the doctor. We don’t talk about mom’s cancer very much.”
Stan took a deep breath. “I didn’t know you wanted to talk about it.”
“Sometimes I wonder how mom got sick. I don’t want you to die, too.”
Tears stung Stan’s eyes. “Oh, Annabelle. Your mom’s cancer wasn’t something that can be passed on to other people. The cells in her body changed and caused the tumors to grow. By the time we knew something was different, the medicine the doctors gave her wasn’t able to help.”
“Was she in pain?”
Images of Sandra lying in their bed flashed across his mind. The first round of chemotherapy hadn’t been too bad, but by the time they started their fourth session, Sandra’s body was weak. She’d been so cold that she hadn’t stopped shivering, then the hot flushes had set in. She couldn’t cool down, couldn’t sleep, couldn’t hold Annabelle without worrying that she’d drop her.
“Dad?”
“Sorry. I was thinking about your mom.”
“Was she in pain?”
“It was uncomfortable, but the doctors gave her medicine to help her feel better.” The pancakes he’d eaten felt like lead in his stomach. After the chemotherapy had come the radiation treatment. It had been their last resort, but it had come at an enormous cost. Being told about the possible side effects was completely different from living through them. The weeping blisters and unbearable pain had taken what little comfort Sandra could still find in being alive. 
Three weeks after her treatment ended, she died. He was heartbroken and exhausted. His soul mate, the woman who made his world complete, had taken her last breath in his arms. 
He didn’t remember much about the next few weeks. His body had gone into autopilot, driven by Annabelle’s constant crying. He couldn’t sleep and he only ate when someone forced him to stop. But stopping, even for ten minutes, gave him time to think. And thinking had almost destroyed him.
Annabelle’s hand wrapped around his. “It’s okay, dad. I feel like that too.”
He blinked and fresh tears streamed down his face. Nine years after saying goodbye, he was still grieving for the amazing woman they’d both lost. 
He gave Annabelle another hug. “Let me know what you’d like to do for mother and daughter day.”
“I will. Can we stop at Tess’ café on the way to school?”
And just like that, Annabelle was almost back to her usual self. “Why do you want to stop there?”
“It’s Wednesday,” she grinned. “And that means…”
“Chewy brownies day. Okay, kiddo. As soon as you’ve brushed your teeth, we’ll leave.”
Annabelle stretched onto her tippy toes. “Thanks, dad. I love you.”
“I love you, too. But be quick. If Tess’ husband beats us to the café there won’t be any brownies left.”
Annabelle ran out of the kitchen and thumped up the staircase. While she was gone, he tidied the kitchen, watered the herbs that Mrs. Dodds insisted on growing, and tried not to think.
Because sometimes keeping busy was the only thing that kept him sane.

***
Mia knocked on Stan’s office door. “Is it okay to come in? Gina’s not here.”
He looked up from behind his desk. “Of course it is. Annie has delivered her samples. Take a seat and I’ll be with you in a minute.” 
A pile of boxes covered the coffee table in Stan’s office. “How much food did she bring?”
“Enough to feed an army.” Stan finished what he was doing, then sat beside Mia. “Where do you want to start?”
She picked up the feedback form that Annie had left beside the boxes. There was space to make comments about each sample and a box to tick if they passed the taste test. “Why don’t we start at the top and work our way through the list?”
“Sounds logical. I hope you’re hungry?”
“I am. I thought Annie might send more than two samples of each item so I didn’t eat much for breakfast.”
Stan handed her a plate and fork. “Wise move. Which item is first?”
“Chocolate profiteroles.” Mia scanned the table. “Here they are.” She handed the box to Stan. “They’re filled with a sweet Bavarian and raspberry cream filling.”
“You’ve either got X-ray vision or you’ve eaten them before.”
Mia grinned and waved the form in the air. “Neither. A description of each item is on the list.” 
Stan opened the box and smiled. “This makes up for the morning I’ve had. Look at these.” 
He turned the box around and Mia sighed. The profiteroles were perfect. They were about the size of her thumb, covered in rich, dark, chocolate and filled with thick, pink cream. 
She carefully lifted one of the pastries out of the box and bit into it. “Oh, wow.”
“Is it good?”
“Better than good. Try one.”
Stan bit into a profiterole and sighed. “These are delicious. The filling melts in your mouth.”
Mia picked up a pen. “Out of five, how many points would you give them?”
“Five.”
“And are we happy to include them as a dessert option for the gala?”
“You bet.”
Mia ticked the box beside their score. “One down, eleven to go. Next on the list are the mini wild berry cheesecakes.”
Stan found the box. “These are heavier than the last desserts.”
“I don’t know if I should read you their description.”
“Does it sound better than the profiteroles?”
“About twenty pounds better. Are you ready?”
He held his hand over the flap of the box. “I won’t open it until you’ve finished.”
Mia’s taste buds sprung to life as her eyes skimmed over the ingredients. “You’ve got more will power than I have. Here goes…baked vanilla cheesecake garnished with a mouthwatering blend of blueberries and strawberries, and drizzled with raspberry puree.” 
Stan opened the box and groaned. “Do you know how many calories I’m about to eat?”
She glanced at the list. “It’s not too bad, but you wouldn’t want to compare it with a chicken salad sandwich.” 
He bit into one of the cheesecakes and closed his eyes. “I don’t care how many calories I’m swallowing. This is a keeper.”
It wasn’t fair that Stan was so attractive. He might look like your typical tall, dark, and handsome man, but he also had the heart of a teddy bear and a sweet tooth that surprised her. 
Mia pulled her mind away from Stan and back to the cheesecakes. “How does Annie make something so small look so perfect?”
 “Lots of skill and more patience than I’ve got.” He slid a cheesecake onto her plate. “Try one. They’re really good.”
“I might have to go for a run this afternoon.” 
“It’s worth it.” 
She bit into the cheesecake and nearly swooned. The tang of the berries was perfect with the creamy sweetness of the vanilla center. Picking up her pen, she gave the dessert five points and a big tick of approval.
By the time they’d finished the dessert options, Mia’s blood-sugar levels were soaring. “I don’t know how you feel, but those desserts were some of the best I’ve ever tasted.”
Stan closed the lid on the last box and stacked it to one side. “I agree. You’re welcome to take the extra pieces home. Nick might like some as well.”
“Granddad and I will be okay. Annabelle and Mrs. Dodds would enjoy them.”
“I’ll take two of the cheesecakes home for them. If I take anything else, Annabelle won’t sleep.”
Mia pulled one of the savory boxes closer. “Annabelle is a great person. You must be very proud of her.”
The smile on Stan’s face disappeared. “I am, but it’s not easy raising her on my own. She was in tears this morning.”
“Why?’
Stan sighed. “There’s a mother and daughter day at her school next week. They did the same thing last year and I went with her. This year, something’s changed. She doesn’t want me to go with her.”
“She misses her mom,” Mia murmured. 
Stan looked down at his hands. “It’s more than that. I want to make whatever’s wrong better, but I don’t know where to begin.”
“Have you asked Annabelle how she feels?”
“It’s not that easy. Most of the time she’s happy. But every now and then her world comes crashing down.”
Mia placed her hand on Stan’s arm. “When you’re eleven years old, there are a lot of crazy hormones running around your body. You want to fit in with everyone else but don’t know how. On top of all that, you’re trying to figure out what’s important to you. Apart from talking to her, I don’t know if there’s anything more you can do.”
“Annabelle asked about her mom’s cancer treatment this morning.”
Stan looked so sad that Mia wanted to wrap him in her arms. “How did that go?”
“I told her about the chemotherapy, but not the radiation. Sandra was on massive doses of morphine for the last three weeks of her life. The side effects from the radiation therapy were horrendous.” He took a deep breath and wiped his eyes. “When she died, I felt guilty because I was so relieved. I didn’t want her to suffer through more weeks of pain.”
“You loved her. Here, take these.” Mia handed Stan a bunch of tissues. “You’re doing a great job of raising Annabelle. She’s funny and quirky and very kind. In our art classes, she was always the first person to offer to help someone. She knows you love her and that’s the most important thing she needs.”
Stan blew his nose. “She reminds me of Sandra. I met my wife at a friend’s party when I was in college. After our first dance we were inseparable.”
Mia’s heart sank. “It sounds like love at first sight.”
“Almost. What about you?”
“Me?”
“Have you ever been in love?”
Mia didn’t want to tell Stan about her disastrous relationships with men. “I don’t have a lot of time to date, but when I do, it never works out.”
“Why not?”
She glanced at Stan. He seemed genuinely interested in her non-existent love life. “Painting takes up most of my spare time. I can’t go away for weekends or have regular dinner dates with friends. That’s hard for someone who wants a normal relationship.”
“It must be hard for you, too.”
Stan’s words cut deep. It had been more difficult than she imagined. As each of her friends fell in love, she felt even more isolated. “I have great friends and granddad is always there for me. He tried to play matchmaker last year, but even he couldn’t find someone I liked.”
“Were all the candidates Greek by any chance?”
Mia smiled. “How did you know?”
He leaned sideways and nudged her with his shoulder. “Lucky guess.”
“I joined the same dating app that your friend, Daniel, reviewed. Granddad nearly had a heart attack when I told him.”
Stan’s eyebrows rose. “How did that go?”
“I had some great dates, but nothing special.”
“Maybe you should only date men you paint? They’d have to stay in your studio for at least a couple of days. It would be an easy way of getting to know them.” 
Mia tapped her finger against her chin, pretending to think about what he’d said. “Apart from my dad, the only male I’ve painted is Sitting Bull. Considering he died more than a hundred years ago, I’d say your theory needs some work.”
“You could choose someone who’s still breathing.”
“Are you offering your services?” Mia slapped her hand across her mouth. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to say that. It just kind of…”
“Slipped out?”
Mia nodded in case she said something worse.
“Don’t worry. I won’t take your retraction personally. I’m not the type of person that most women dream about, anyway.”
“What are you talking about? You’re good looking, you don’t seem to have any annoying habits, and you shave. What more could anyone want?”
“I’ve got an eleven-year-old daughter, a job that keeps me away from home more than it should, and I’m allergic to dogs. Why is shaving important?”
Heat flooded Mia’s face. “We should taste-test the savory options.” She read the name of the next item on the feedback form. “Somewhere in front of us is a box of gourmet lamb dumplings with sweet chili dipping sauce.”
“I’m more interested in your shaving fetish.”
“It’s not a fetish. Oh, look. There’s the box.” She ignored the amused grin on Stan’s face and reached for the box. “If these taste as good as they sound they’ll be another winner.”
“If it’s not a fetish, what is it?”
Mia popped the lid off the box. “Wow. Annie has outdone herself this time. Look.” She passed Stan the box. “Eat one—it might stop you from asking more questions.”
Stan ran his hand along his jaw. “I could grow a beard and see if you run a mile.”
She bit into one of the dumplings. “Mmm. Lovely.”
Stan picked up his fork. “You’ll have to tell me sooner or later. Why not make it sooner?” He ate a dumpling and came back for another. “If you wanted to increase your dating experience, you could almost call this a date.”
“We’re rating finger food options for the gala.”
“It’s close enough. It might give you confidence when planning your next dating experience.”
Mia picked up her pen and smiled sweetly at Stan. “What score would you give the dumplings?”
He studied the piece of dumpling still sitting on his fork. “They’re tasty without being overpowering. The dipping sauce is spicy, but not too strong. I’d give the dumplings four out of five. What’s next?”
“Mini chicken pies.”
“How appropriate,” Stan said without a flicker of a smile.
Mia didn’t bother looking for the box. “Okay, Mr. Lewis. I’m going to tell you why being clean shaven is important. I’ve got sensitive skin.”
“And?”
“And I get a rash if someone rubs their whiskery face on me.”
“Oh.” Stan sat back in his seat. He was taking far too much time to consider what she’d said.
“It’s not a big deal because your face won’t be getting anywhere near mine. You wanted an answer to your question and now you have it.”
“It was an important answer.”
She grabbed the chicken pie box and left it in front of Stan. “We’re not getting through our samples very quickly. You rate the chicken pies and I’ll move to the next item.”
“You don’t need to be embarrassed. I’m a doctor. There are lots of creams that could help.”
Mia opened one of the boxes they hadn’t sampled. “You’d better try one of the chicken pies before they get cold.”
“How whiskery is too whiskery?” Stan bit into a pie and sighed. “Five.”
“Stubble can be worse than two days growth.”
Stan ran his hand along his jaw. “How does this rate?”
She shoved the box she’d opened at him. “Try the zesty chipotle black bean cakes.”
“I’ll get ahead of you.”
“In more ways than one,” Mia muttered. She pointed at the box. “Black beans are good for you.”
“So is kissing the right person. Next time we meet, I’ll check my face to make sure it’s not too whiskery.”
Mia couldn’t help herself. Her gaze dropped to his jaw and she sighed. “I won’t be kissing you, so you’ve got nothing to worry about. Now can we please taste what’s in these boxes? Annie needs our final choices by the end of the day.”
Stan grinned. “I’m all yours. Where do you want to start?”
A flash of heat scorched Mia from the inside out. He could start anywhere he liked, as long as it wasn’t near her mouth.

***
Later that afternoon, Stan picked up his phone and called his friend, Daniel. “I need help.”
“Have you locked your keys in your truck again?” Daniel sounded out of breath.
“Are you running?”
“Trying to. I’ve been cooped up inside working on a new computer program. Holly told me it was about time I came up for air. So I am. Around Emerald Lake.”
“How far have you gone?”
“Far enough for one day.” Daniel groaned and Stan heard the thump of something hitting the ground. 
“Was that you or your backpack?”
“Me,” Daniel moaned. “I’m getting too old for this.”
“That’s what you told me two months ago when we went to Charlie’s Bar and Grill.”
“I’m getting forgetful, too. You’d better tell me why you need help before my muscles start cramping.”
“I think I might like Mia too much.” All Stan could hear was Daniel’s heavy breathing. “Are you still there?”
“I’m here. How much is too much?”
Stan loosened his tie. “I’m thinking of asking her out on a date.”
“A date? How can that be too much?”
“I’ve only known Mia for a few weeks. We’re working together. She might think I’m harassing her.”
“Does she like you?”
Stan rubbed his forehead. “How do you know if someone likes you?”
“Oh, man. You’re in worse shape than I thought you were. You need to go back to basics.”
“I’m too old for basics.”
“Not from where I’m sitting. Has Mia said anything that might make you think she’s attracted to you?”
Stan thought about their sensitive skin conversation. If she trusted him enough to tell him, then that must mean something. And then there was that moment when he thought she might want him to kiss her. But instead of kissing her, he kept eating the food samples. He was such an idiot.
“Earth to Stan. Is there any spark of attraction between the two of you?”
“I think so.”
“And does she want to spend time with you when you’re not talking about the gala?”
“I don’t know.”
Daniel’s sigh echoed how Stan felt. “Does Annabelle like her?”
He didn’t have to think twice about that answer. “She talks about her all the time. We’re visiting Nick Costas’ Gallery this afternoon.”
“So Annabelle likes Mia and Nick. That’s got to be a good sign.”
“She might feel differently if she knows Mia and I are going on a date. She misses her mom.”
“Whatever happens, it won’t be easy for her. Maybe the opposite could happen. Mia might fill a void in Annabelle’s life. Look at it this way—if you ask Mia to go on a date, what’s the worst that could happen?”
Stan had spent most of the afternoon thinking about what could happen. “She could say no, then avoid me for the next three months.”
“That doesn’t sound like a bad outcome.”
“The neonatal gala needs to be a success. If the two organizers are avoiding each other, it could be a complete mess.”
“I’ve known Mia for longer than you have. She wouldn’t let that happen.”
“I don’t think so, either. But I can’t risk it happening.”
“Well, I guess you’ve answered your own question,” Daniel said with a weary sigh. “But if you want my advice, I think you’re missing a great opportunity. Just remember, there’s no rush. You could always ask her on a date after the gala.”
“You’re right. I could wait.”
“I haven’t been much help, have I?”
“It was better than talking to myself for the next hour.” 
Daniel’s dry laugh made Stan feel slightly better. 
“If you’re not dating Mia, come out to my place with Annabelle. I’m cooking spare ribs on Saturday night.”
Stan picked up his cell phone and flicked through his calendar. “You’re on. We’ll bring dessert.”
“Don’t worry about Mia. If it’s meant to be, it will happen.”
He’d never believed in letting fate guide his life. Without having a clear goal, you could end up anywhere. And he wanted to end up with Mia. 
“Thanks for your advice, Daniel. I’ll stop annoying you and let you get back to your run.”
“It was a good interruption. I might sit here for a while longer and let the world drift on by.”
“Good luck with that. You’ve got your cell phone with you.”
“But I can turn it off. See you on Saturday.”
After Daniel ended the call, Stan stared through his office window. He was proud of what he had achieved at the hospital. The community had access to services that were far better than anything they’d ever known. The same drive and determination that had kept him sane after Sandra died had made his time at the hospital successful. But sometimes, when Annabelle was asleep and the house was silent, a deep sense of loneliness grew inside him.
He was more than his job, more than a father. He was a man who craved the touch of another human, a kind word and a thoughtful glance from someone who cared.
He wanted to be loved, but he didn’t know how to take the first step.
CHAPTER EIGHT
“My little angel,” Nick said with a smile. “It is so good to see you in my gallery.”
Annabelle glowed from the warmth of Nick’s words. 
Stan didn’t know who had been more excited about this afternoon’s visit, his daughter or Mia’s grandfather. When he’d called to see whether it was still okay to visit, Nick had sounded almost relieved to hear his voice.
“I have a lot to show you. Would you like to start in the exhibition space or in my workroom?”
Annabelle bit her bottom lip. “Could we start in the workroom? Mia said not to miss what’s in there.”
Stan glanced at Nick. There was a mischievous gleam in his eyes that he didn’t understand. 
“It is okay with me,” Nick said. “I know exactly what Mia was talking about. Come. Follow me.”
The workroom wasn’t the small, poky, space that Stan expected to see. It was a huge area that must have been half as long as the entire gallery. Full-height windows caught the late afternoon sun, spilling light into the darkest recess of the room. 
“This is my workroom,” Nick said proudly. “I will show you where I do my restoration and appraisal work.”
He walked toward a long wooden table. Dangling from the ceiling were six lights, all focused on the workspace below. While Nick was pointing out the different equipment he used, he asked Annabelle what she knew about restoring paintings.
To Stan’s surprise, she knew more than he did. 
“Mia told us about famous paintings that have been restored. We even spoke to an artist who was restoring a painting in London.” When Stan raised his eyebrows, Annabelle explained, “It was part of the art program Mia did at school. I can’t wait for her next classes.”
He glanced at Nick. Annabelle didn’t know that Mia had resigned from college. If they continued the workshops, someone else would have to teach the class.
“Mia is an excellent teacher and an even better artist,” Nick said. “I think I know exactly what my granddaughter wanted me to show you.” 
They followed Nick to the other side of the room. Hanging on the wall were more than twenty paintings. Some were no bigger than Stan’s hand. Others were half Annabelle’s height.
“What do you think?”
Annabelle’s eyes darted from one painting to the next. “They’re beautiful. I like the paintings of the dog.”
“That is Jupiter. Mia found him on the streets of New York when she was a little girl. She has always had a soft spot for anything that needs love.” Nick smiled at Stan. “She is a good girl, my Mia.”
Stan looked at the paintings, then back at Nick. “Mia did all of these?”
“Of course. It is our memory wall.” He pointed to the very first painting. It was one of the smaller canvases, unframed and full of vibrant color. “Mia painted this when she was seven years old. It is a New York sunset. We sat on the rooftop garden of her parents’ apartment for an hour while she fussed with the colors. And this…”
Nick moved to a painting that was dark and moody. Swirls of black, white, and gray pulled Stan toward a point high on one edge. Almost hidden in the swirling mass of movement was a single speck of yellow. It was so different from the other canvases that he wouldn’t have thought Mia was the artist.
“Mia painted this canvas the year after her parents died. It was a difficult time for us. We were learning to live together, but alone. Do you understand?”
Stan nodded. When Sandra died, his relationship with Annabelle had changed. He had to start over, learn how they were going to live as two instead of three. He swallowed hard as Annabelle stepped closer to the canvas. 
“I feel like that sometimes. Mom made lots of videos before she died. When I see her face, I close my eyes and pretend she’s here. But when the video finishes, she’s gone and I’m alone.”
Stan placed his hand on Annabelle’s shoulder.
“This,” Nick said with a knowing glance at Stan, “is what you need to see next.” He wiped his eyes and moved to another painting. “Mia called it her new birthday. It represents her journey of reconnecting with herself, her parents, and her pappouli.”
Stan admired the large painting. The blue, green, and pale orange swirls transformed the canvas into what had become a love of landscapes for Mia. 
“Step back, Annabelle. This painting cannot be truly understood from three feet away. You need to let time and distance guide your eyes and your heart.”
Annabelle took three enormous steps backward. “Mia told me to paint what’s in my heart.”
“It is true. A great artist can take the smallest of emotions and light a room with their reflection. Leonardo da Vinci, Van Gogh, Rembrandt, Monet, and Vermeer—they transform lives with each stroke of their brush.”
Annabelle tilted her head to the side, studying Mia’s painting with a hungry intensity. “It’s snowing. Is that a lake?” She took another step backward and pointed to the right-hand side of the canvas. “It is. It’s a lake, and mountains, and snow.”
Stan tried to see the painting through her eyes, but what he saw was completely different. To him, Mia’s painting showed the top of a snow-capped mountain. The lake that Annabelle saw became clouds transformed into a pale orange haze by the setting sun.
“It is, what it is,” Nick said softly. “For Mia, it was a new beginning.”
Annabelle looked at Nick. “Mia asked me to bring some of my paintings with me. Would you like to see them?”
“I would love to see them.”
 Stan took his keys out of his pocket. “I’ll get them out of the truck.”
 “Use this entrance.” Nick pointed to a door that opened off the workroom. “It is easier than going through the gallery.”
By the time Stan returned, Nick was showing Annabelle a special magnifying glass that helped him study old paintings. 
“The way an artist uses their brush has the same importance as a fingerprint,” Nick said as Stan left his daughter’s pictures on the table. “Each brushstroke is unique. It tells me whether the artist was left or right-handed, if they are an introvert or extrovert. It is the first thing that catches my attention when I value a piece of art.”
Annabelle leaned against the table. “What do you think my paintings are worth?”
Nick carefully placed one of her paintings under the pendant lights. He tilted the small canvas left, then right. “It is priceless. Do you know what this means?”
Annabelle scrunched up her nose. “That it’s worth nothing?”
“The complete opposite, my dear. A priceless painting is to be valued above everything else. No amount of money could purchase such an exquisite piece of art. Your painting is one of these treasures.”
“Really? I’m going to paint more priceless treasures.” 
“It would be my pleasure to include one of your paintings on our memory wall. When you have one ready, bring it to the gallery. We will celebrate with Mia and your dad.”
Annabelle’s smile was instant. “I’ll bring you a special painting, Mr. Costas.”
“Each of your paintings is special, little one. Let us look at the other canvases you brought with you.”
As Nick commented on each canvas, Annabelle told him about other paintings she wanted to create. 
“You are full of ideas,” Nick said. “But we must visit the exhibition area before Mia arrives. She has a habit of wanting to move the paintings around if I’m in the gallery.”
Stan’s heart pounded against his chest. “I didn’t know Mia would be here.”
“She would not want to miss your visit. This is her home away from home.” Nick ushered them across the room and into the gallery. “This exhibition is called Angelic Light. Each piece is by an artist called Alameda.” He waved his arm toward the ceiling. “The eagle marks the beginning of your journey.”
Annabelle moved around the sculpture. “The stained-glass is beautiful.”
“It took more than two hundred hours to create this piece. It is on loan from the person who bought it,” Nick explained. 
Stan was studying one of the paintings when Mia arrived.
“Hi, granddad.”
Nick kissed his granddaughter’s cheek. “It is good to see you. Look who arrived half an hour ago.”
Mia smiled at Annabelle. “I’m glad you came. Did you bring your paintings?”
“I did. Mr. Costas said I could choose a painting to hang on your memory wall.”
“That’s a big honor. I’m looking forward to seeing which painting you choose. Hi, Stan.”
Mia’s smile was as open and uncomplicated as always. Which was a good thing, considering their whisker conversation that morning. “Hi. Did you get the email I sent you?”
“I did and I printed the poster. Have Annabelle and granddad seen it?”
“Not yet.”
“Wait here. I’ll get it from my car.” Before he could tell her he had a copy on his phone, she disappeared.
“You have to be quick with my girl,” Nick said from beside him. 
Stan was still wondering if Nick meant what he thought he’d said when Mia walked back into the gallery. 
She unrolled a large sheet of paper and held it in front of her grandfather. “What do you think?”
Nick scrutinized the poster for the neonatal fundraising gala. The communications team at the hospital had spent a lot of time looking for the best images. In the end, they’d chosen a single photograph of a baby boy who’d been in the existing unit two months ago. 
“It is lovely.” Nick read the text and frowned. “You will have the tickets available in three weeks? Will that give you enough time to sell all of them?”
“We couldn’t make it any earlier,” Stan explained. “I wanted to make sure all of our bookings were confirmed before we printed the tickets.”
“Don’t worry, granddad. Everything’s on track now.”
“I am pleased. It is a good thing you are doing.”
Mia showed Annabelle the poster. “What do you think?”
“I like the picture of the baby. Is he all right?”
“He’s doing fine,” Stan reassured her. “His name is Brendon. He went home three weeks ago.”
Nick held out his arm to Annabelle. “It is time to look at the rest of the exhibition. Afterward, I have a treat for everyone.”
Mia grinned. “Have you been baking kourabiedes again?”
“Not me. Kathy is tempting my sweet tooth with her Greek cookies. I would like Annabelle and Stan to enjoy them, too.”
“What are kour…kourab…” Annabelle stumbled over the word Nick had used.
“Kourabiedes,” Nick said in his deep, gravelly, voice. “They are little Greek Christmas butter cookies made with ground almonds.”
“They’re delicious,” Mia whispered in Annabelle’s ear. “If you enjoy them, I’ll show you how to make them.”
Stan’s heart twisted at his daughter’s vulnerable smile. She’d made a connection with Mia that could end in happily-ever-after or be worse than the death of her mom. He needed to make a decision. And right now, he wasn’t willing to risk his daughter’s heart to anyone.
He rolled the poster into a tight tube. “If Nick emails me the recipe, I could make the Christmas cookies with you.”
Mia’s smile faltered. She sent him a questioning glance before looking away. 
If she wanted to know why he was protecting his daughter, he would tell her. But not here, not yet. Because in all honesty, Annabelle’s heart wasn’t the only one on the line. 

***
Mia washed the last dessert plate and handed it to Stan. “What did you think of granddad’s Christmas cookies?”
“They were great. I’m glad we came.”
She wrung out the dishcloth and wiped down the counter. Nick had added a commercial kitchen to the gallery nearly two years ago. It came in handy for exhibition openings and surprise dessert nights. 
Before she emptied the sink, she scanned the kitchen to make sure they hadn’t forgotten anything. 
“You can pull the plug,” Stan said as he hung the dishtowel over a hook. “I’ve checked the gallery and workroom for dirty dishes.”
Mia nodded and watched the soapy water disappear. Something had been worrying her and she wasn’t sure how to ask Stan about it. “I’m sorry if I said the wrong thing earlier. I only offered to show Annabelle how to make the cookies because I thought you’d be busy.”
Stan placed four clean bowls in a cupboard. The frown on his face made her even more concerned.
“I wouldn’t do anything to hurt her.”
“I know you wouldn’t, but Annabelle’s going through a rough patch. She misses her mom.”
“And you think spending time with me would be a bad thing?” She was surprised and a little hurt that he thought she would make Annabelle’s life worse. 
“She already thinks you’re amazing.” He paused and took a deep breath. “I don’t know how to say the next part without it coming out wrong.”
“Just tell me. If I don’t agree with you, I’ll let you know.”
Stan stuffed his hands in his pockets and concentrated on the floor. When he lifted his head, there was more than doubt in his eyes. There was regret and something else she didn’t understand. 
“I like you, Mia. I want to spend more time with you, maybe go out for dinner or to the movies. But I’m worried about Annabelle. She already looks forward to seeing you. If we started dating, then decided we were better off apart, she would be devastated.”
“So you’ve decided not to ask me on a date?” 
“No…I don’t know what I’m going to do. I don’t even know if you want to go out with me. If you don’t, then it makes everything less complicated. If you do, then we need to talk about how that could work or if it should happen.”
This wasn’t the after-dishes conversation that Mia had been expecting, but she needed to let Stan know how she felt. “I’d like to spend more time with you. But I don’t see how we can date each other without it affecting Annabelle. She’s an important part of your life.”
Stan ran his hands through his hair. “I haven’t wanted…” He crossed his arms and sighed. “Since Sandra died, I haven’t dated very much. I’m terrified that I’ll do or say the wrong thing. Annabelle is the center of my world, the reason I get out of bed each morning and head into work. Adding another person to the relationship I have with her could be a complete disaster.”
Mia leaned against the counter. “I don’t know what to say.”
Stan took a deep breath. “What if we went on a few dates, then reassessed what’s happening? Annabelle wouldn’t need to know. It would give us a chance to get to know each other and see if we enjoy each other’s company.”
“What if she finds out? She’ll be even more upset that we didn’t include her.” When Stan didn’t reply, Mia continued. “Why do we need to date? We could take Annabelle ten-pin bowling or to the movies or a restaurant without calling it a date. We’d be friends enjoying each other’s company.”
“It could work,” Stan said doubtfully.
“Of course it could work. If we decide that we’ve seen enough of each other, it’s not the big drama that it could have been.” She hoped Stan didn’t look at her too closely. Even if they didn’t call it dating, not seeing him after the gala would be difficult. She was used to his short texts, his reminders about different suppliers, and the way he could almost read her mind. 
A smile lifted the corners of his mouth. “How many times do you want to meet before we say we’re dating?”
Warmth spread through Mia’s body. “Do you need a number?”
“It would help.”
“With what?”
Stan’s eyes darkened to the color of rich chocolate. “Knowing when I can kiss you.”
Heat hit Mia’s face, stinging her cheeks and leaving her breathless. She looked over her shoulder, hoping Annabelle hadn’t wandered into the kitchen. “You’re not supposed to say things like that.”
Stan took a step toward her. “I want to kiss you.”
“A minute ago you didn’t know if you wanted to date me,” she whispered. 
“Not true. I knew I wanted to date you, but I didn’t know if you wanted to date me.”
Mia stared up into his face. She wished she were taller, that she could look him straight in the eye and pretend that the thought of kissing him wasn’t a big deal. Because it was. 
She crossed her arms, hoping he got the message that she wasn’t a pushover, even if her legs were wobbly. “I don’t kiss anyone on the first date,” she said stubbornly. “Or the second, if he annoys me.”
Stan’s hand wrapped around one of hers. “I haven’t annoyed you yet.”
“We haven’t been on any dates.” She needed air. Lots of air. 
Stan’s lopsided smile did nothing to calm her racing heart. If anything, it made him look even more handsome. And dangerous. And totally not good for her career.
“What do you think?” 
She wasn’t thinking about anything except what his mouth would feel like against hers. His thumb rubbed against her back of her hand. The slow, deliberate, circles sent shock waves through her body. 
His hand rose higher, stroking her wrist, then dipping to her palm. And just like that, her fantasy shattered. She pulled away, clenched her fist tight, and tried to remember why she could only be Stan’s friend.
“Mia?”
Grabbing the dishcloth, she clumsily draped it over the faucet. “We should see what Annabelle and granddad are doing.”
“They’ll be okay. What happened?”
“Nothing.” 
Stan’s eyes narrowed. “How did you get the scar on your hand?”
Mia stopped rubbing her palm. “I burned myself when I was younger.”
“Can I see it?”
She straightened her spine. “It’s just a scar.”
“You rub your hand when you’re nervous or worried about something.”
She shrugged her shoulders, hoping he got the hint and left her insecurities alone. 
“Which one do I make you feel?” 
His softly spoken question tore through her heart. He thought he was the reason she’d crawled into an emotional hole. “It’s not you. It’s me. I don’t like anyone touching my hand.”
“Does the scar hurt?”
“No. It’s just…there.”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
She shook her head and took a deep breath. “Maybe you were right. We’re totally different—”
Stan stepped forward, kissing her so fast that she almost thought she’d imagined it. His lips softened, teased the corner of her mouth, then let go. 
With his arms wrapped around her shoulders, she forgot about her scar, about the guilt she’d carried around for most of her life. She leaned against his chest, holding onto his warmth like a lifeline. 
“We’re more alike than you think, Mia. Our scars are just in different places, that’s all.” He kissed the top of her head, holding her until her heart didn’t feel as though it was about to explode. “I’ll call you in a couple of days.” 
After he left, Mia sank into a chair. She looked at the scar on her hand, the constant reminder of a night she could never forget. With her eyes closed, she thought about her parents, of the years since their death and what could have been.
By the time Annabelle rushed into the kitchen, Mia could barely say goodbye without bursting into tears. Tonight wasn’t the worst night of her life, but it came a close second.

***
“Stan left in a hurry.” Nick sat at the kitchen table. Silence stretched between them like a sticky web, catching Mia in a tight cocoon until she couldn’t breathe.
“You are very quiet. Is everything all right?”
Mia blinked back her tears. Her granddad didn’t need to see her cry, no one did. She only had herself to blame for tonight. “Annabelle enjoyed herself.”
“She asked some excellent questions. Her mind is sharp, always questioning what she sees. I like that.”
“She’s a great kid.”
Nick nodded. “She has a good father. Stan is a patient man, maybe too patient.”
Mia wiped her eyes. “What do you mean?”
When Nick didn’t reply, she searched his troubled face. “You don’t need to worry about me, granddad.”
“I will always worry about you. I am your pappouli. You are the reason I am glad to be alive on this beautiful planet.”
Mia reached across the table and held her granddad’s hand. “I love you, too.”
Nick’s blue eyes filled with tears. “Sometimes I wonder what our lives would have been like if your mom and dad hadn’t died. We would not have had the same bond.”
Mia couldn’t do anything other than nod. Before she started living with him, he’d almost been a stranger. His Greek ways were as foreign to her as Vegemite on toast. He was eccentric, loud, and emotional—everything her parents weren’t.
“I’m sorry, granddad.”
“What for?”
The scar on her hand burned deep. She’d been holding onto her guilt for so long that it had become part of her nature, part of who she would always be. It was her fault that her parents had died. Her fault that Nick’s life had turned upside down.
“You changed your life for me. You could have gone anywhere, done anything, but you stayed in New York while I finished school.”
“It wasn’t such a hardship.” His smile made Mia’s eyes fill with more tears. “I had good friends, my gallery was considered one of the best in the city, and I had you. That is more than I ever thought I would have, Mia. When you are ready to tell me what is worrying you, I will be here.”
Mia swallowed the lump in her throat. “Thank you.”
Nick’s wide hand patted hers. “It is okay to talk about how you feel.”
It wasn’t okay and it never would be. If her grandfather knew the reason why her parents had been driving at midnight, he would be devastated. She had ruined everyone’s life in one stupid act of independence and it wouldn’t happen again. 
Nick rose from the table. “I need a strong, hot, Greek coffee. Would you like to join me, Mia?”
“I’d like that very much.” 
With a gentle smile, Nick took a Greek coffeepot out of the cupboard and filled it with water. “Always remember that you are loved. We can work through anything that comes our way.”
Mia hoped he was right, because one day, she would have to tell him the truth.
CHAPTER NINE
Mia wondered if she’d imagined the sound of someone ringing her doorbell. No. There it was again, as loud and insistent as the first time she heard it. 
She wiped her brush and glanced at the time. She couldn’t believe it was nearly four-thirty. For the last five hours she’d been bent over her canvas, painting more layers of color across the eastern Montana prairie. 
With each stroke of her brush, Sitting Bull’s world came into sharper focus, the battle he was about to be part of, more real.
The bell rang again. Most people gave up after the second ring, but not this person. For some reason, they weren’t prepared to accept that she either wasn’t home or didn’t want visitors. 
Reluctantly, she made her way downstairs. Claire had suggested leaving a sign on the door when she was painting or disconnecting the doorbell. Mia couldn’t bring herself to do either and now she was paying the price.
She frowned at the person standing on her porch. “Annabelle? What are you doing here?”
“I have something to ask you. I tried calling, but you haven’t been answering your phone.”
Mia didn’t want to tell her it was because it was too much of a distraction. “Come inside. It’s too cold to stand on my doorstep. Does your dad know you’re here?”
Annabelle shook her head. “He’s at work. Mrs. Dodds drove me to your house. She didn’t want me to interrupt what you’re doing, but I’ve got something important to ask you.”
Mia peered through the glass panel in her front door. A dark green truck was parked in her driveway. “Would Mrs. Dodds like to come inside? She might get cold, too.”
“I won’t be long. I promised I wouldn’t take more than five minutes. Dad doesn’t like me going anywhere after school unless he knows where I am.”
“Why didn’t you ask him if you could visit me?”
“I wasn’t planning on seeing you. But I need to know what you think of my idea.”
Mia walked through to her living room and sat down. “Tell me what’s on your mind.”
Annabelle perched on the edge of the sofa. “There’s a mother and daughter day at school next Friday. I was wondering if you’d like to come with me?” She gnawed on her bottom lip. “I know you’re not my real mom, but I don’t have anyone else I can ask.”
Everything within Mia stilled. She remembered the last time she’d gone to school with her mom for a mother and daughter day. She hadn’t realized until her parents were gone how much she’d taken times like that for granted.
Stan was worried that Annabelle would become too attached to her. Going to school for the mother and daughter day would be far worse than dating him. “What are you doing at your mother and daughter day?”
Annabelle’s thin shoulders rose beneath her purple sweater. “I’m not completely sure, but my teacher said we would be doing craft activities and playing some fun games.” 
“It sounds like a great day, but I’m not sure I can come. I have a lot of painting to do.” 
Annabelle’s bottom lip trembled. “It isn’t really for the whole day. It starts at nine o’clock and finishes after lunch. You could do some painting in the morning and some more in the afternoon.”
Mia stared into Annabelle’s pleading eyes.
“Please. All of my friends are bringing their moms. If you don’t come with me, dad might.”
“What’s wrong with that?”
“Dad is a man. He doesn’t like frilly stuff or talking about makeup and television shows. He likes spending time with Mr. Sullivan and running.”
“He likes spending time with you, too.”
A soft blush filled Annabelle’s cheeks. “I know, but this is different. If you want to leave early, you wouldn’t have to stay for lunch.”
Mia stopped herself from giving Annabelle a hug. She needed to speak to Stan, find out what he thought of his daughter’s idea. “I’ll have a think about it and call you tomorrow after school.”
Annabelle’s smile was so bright that Mia was worried she’d taken her answer for a yes. “I’m not promising that I’ll be able to go with you.”
“I know. But I’m going to cross all my fingers and toes and hope you’ll be there.” Annabelle looked through the window. “I need to go. Thank you for listening to me.”
“You’re welcome.” Mia pulled on her jacket and followed her visitor outside. 
“Remember to call me tomorrow.” Annabelle gave her a quick hug before rushing down the driveway.
Mia waved to Mrs. Dodds and tried to ignore the dread creeping along her spine. It wouldn’t be easy telling Annabelle that she couldn’t go with her. But after she’d spoken to Stan, she didn’t think she’d have a choice.

***
Stan picked up his cell phone and read the caller ID. “Mia? What’s wrong?”
“I’m sorry I’ve called so late, but I didn’t want Annabelle to know that I’d contacted you.”
“You’re safe. She went to bed an hour ago. Is this about her visit this afternoon?”
“You know?”
“Mrs. Dodds told me that she drove Annabelle to your house, but not what you talked about.” He didn’t know why his daughter was being so secretive, but he was hoping Mia would tell him.
“Annabelle asked if I’d go with her to the mother and daughter day at her school.”
He leaned back in his chair. “Why would she do that? I’d already offered to take her.”
“It wouldn’t be the same,” Mia said softly. “She wants a female adult to go with her.”
“I suggested Mrs. Dodds, but she didn’t want to take her.”
“I don’t know why she asked me, but she did.”
“What did you tell her?”
“That I’d call her tomorrow afternoon and let her know if I can come. I know you don’t want Annabelle getting close to me, so if you don’t want me to go, I’ll understand.”
Stan rubbed his forehead. “Our not-really-dating experiment is getting complicated.”
“It doesn’t need to be. I could make sure Annabelle knows that I’m going as her friend, not yours.”
A smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. “Is that supposed to make me feel better?”
“It’s supposed to let Annabelle know that I’m there for her.”
“What about your paintings?”
“All three paintings should be finished by next Friday.” Mia hesitated before continuing. “I thought about why Annabelle asked me to go with her. I don’t think it has anything to do with you and me. I’ve known Annabelle for more than six months. She feels comfortable around me, that’s all.”
 “It’s more than that. She really likes you.”
“She likes a lot of people. I’m happy to go with her, but if you’re not happy about it, I won’t.”
Stan didn’t know what to say. He’d told Annabelle to think about what she’d like to do. She had and now he had a decision to make.
He wanted Annabelle to be happy. A mother and daughter day was bad enough without your mom. If Mia didn’t go with her, she would be devastated. “I’m happy for you to go with her. But if you play table tennis, watch out for Sophie De Ruiter’s mom. She can serve faster than anyone I’ve met.”
“I’ll remember. Thanks, Stan. I’ll call Annabelle after school tomorrow.”
He fiddled with the pen on his desk. He wanted to keep Mia talking. Even when they didn’t have much to say to each other, he enjoyed hearing about what she was doing. “Is everything else okay?”
“I think so. Gina and I went through the last of my tasks for the gala. I’ve booked a moving company to deliver the props to the Baxter Hotel five days before the event. Holly and Hannah have painted a castle onto the background panels. Annie has confirmed our menu and Gina has confirmed everything else. All we need to do is sell the tickets. How about you?”
“Everything is going to plan. The next series of articles will be hitting the Chronicle’s pages this week. We’re getting a good response from our Facebook ads and Ryan Evans has offered to sing for half an hour.”
He heard Mia gasp. “Oh, my goodness. How did you manage that?”
“He’s spending Christmas at Emerald Lake and wanted to support the neonatal unit.”
“People will be waiting outside your office to buy tickets.”
“I hope so.” Stan tried to think of something else to say, but his mind had gone blank.
“I’d better leave you to the rest of your evening. Annabelle will be happy when I tell her I can come to her mother and daughter day.”
“Did you tell her that you won’t be doing the art workshops?”
“No, not yet. I’ll tell her tomorrow. If the university cancels the program, she could come to the next workshops that Claire and Hannah are running. She would enjoy them just as much as the school ones.”
“I’ll remember that.”
“I’d better go. Goodnight.”
Stan closed his eyes. If he weren’t such an idiot, Mia would be at his house, drinking coffee, and talking to him like a normal person. They might even have had their first, it’s-not-really-a-date night.
Instead of asking her if she was doing anything tomorrow, he fell into old habits. “Goodnight. Don’t paint for too long.”
“I’ll try not to. Bye.”
After she ended the call, he stared at the phone. He’d told her he didn’t want Annabelle’s heart to be broken, but it hadn’t been the whole truth. He was just as worried about his own heart, only he knew it was too late. He already missed Mia and it would only get worse.

***
The following week, Mia sat beside Annabelle in the school gymnasium. Earlier in the morning, the principal had welcomed all the moms and honorary moms to the school and outlined what they would be doing this morning. So far, they had decorated cupcakes, made photo frames out of recycled materials, and played a game of basketball.
“Do you think mother and daughter days are a good idea?” Annabelle kept her gaze on the teams playing basketball.
The serious frown on her face made Mia think carefully before answering. “It’s nice to celebrate being a family. Did you notice that some of the girls in your class brought friends with them, too?”
Annabelle nodded. “Cindy’s parents divorced last year. Her mom lives in Arizona, so she brought her dad’s girlfriend. Cora Lee’s mom disappeared and Tina’s had to work.” 
Mia wasn’t going to ask where Cora Lee’s mom had gone. “How does it feel to know you’re not the only person who doesn’t have a mom living with them?”
“It feels okay.” Annabelle’s mouth dropped open when one of the moms crashed to the floor. “Ouch. That must have hurt.”
The mom stood and hobbled to a seat. 
Mia leaned toward Annabelle. “Her ankle looks sore. Do you know if there’s a first aid kit in the gymnasium?”
Annabelle pointed to one of her teachers. “Mr. Pointon is holding it. He won’t take long to get there.”
Sure enough, within a few minutes, the mom’s ankle was strapped and she was sitting beside her daughter, watching the game from the sidelines.
“I think the name of the day should be changed,” Annabelle murmured.
“What would you call it?”
“Girl Power Day,” Annabelle said with a grin. “Then it wouldn’t matter who you brought, as long as they were female and you liked them.”
“You should suggest that to your principal.”
“That’s what dad said.”
Apart from this morning, Mia hadn’t seen or heard from Stan in four days. She missed him more than she thought she would. “Your dad is a clever man.”
“Are you going to date each other?”
Mia’s eyes widened. She hadn’t expected Annabelle to ask that question. “We’re working together. We’re friends.”
“But after that? Cindy said her dad is moving on with his life. He has a girlfriend,” Annabelle whispered. “Cindy doesn’t like her very much, but she wears awesome shoes.”
Mia scanned the gymnasium for someone wearing awesome shoes. The only ones that looked a little awesome belonged to the woman who had fallen over. The shoe she was wearing was covered in sparkles, with a row of LED lights in the heel.
“Is that her?” Mia asked.
“Yep. I don’t know her name. Cindy doesn’t talk about her very much.”
“Do you talk about your mom to any of your friends?”
Annabelle shook her head. “Not really. We talk about other things.”
Mia clapped as one of the moms scored a three-pointer. “What sort of things do you talk about?”
“Normal things like music and movies and stuff. What do you and dad talk about?”
“Mostly the gala.”
Annabelle looked disappointed. “Don’t you talk about other things, too?”
“Sometimes, but not often. I finished my paintings last night. I took some photos to show you.” Mia pulled out her cell phone. “I took some close-up pictures of Sitting Bull and his baby daughter.”
Annabelle flicked through the photos, zooming in on each image as if she were appraising each canvas.
“What do you think?”
“I love them. Have you shown your granddad?”
“He’s coming over for dinner tonight. I’ll show him then.”
“He’s going to love them, too. Does Mr. Costas have any other grandchildren?”
Mia shook her head. “Only me. My mom was an only child.”
“I don’t have a granddad, but I do have an uncle and auntie and heaps of cousins.”
“You’re very lucky.”
“That’s what dad says. We always go to Uncle Mark’s ranch for Thanksgiving. It’s close to a small town called Laurel. Auntie Eileen makes a roast turkey with cranberry sauce.”
“It sounds delicious.”
“It is. You should come with us. Mr. Costas could come, too. There’s always too much food and dad would enjoy the company.”
The basketball referee blew his whistle, ending the game. The teams on the court looked relieved it was over.
“We have to go back to class now,” Annabelle said. “There’s one final activity before lunch.”
“Does it involve running, jumping, or pole dancing?” Mia asked half-seriously.
“No, but you will have to smile. We’re taking photos to put in the frame we made.”
That sounded like a good activity to Mia. “She glanced at her watch. “We won’t have much time to take the photos. Your principal wants us in the cafeteria in forty minutes.”
“We can be quick.”
“Let’s go, then,” Mia said with a grin. She didn’t know what culinary delights were in store for them at lunch, but Annabelle had told her they were having a special menu.
As long as one of the options included mac and cheese, the mother and daughter day would be perfect.

***
Stan dropped his head into his hands. The day had started out okay, but by ten o’clock he wondered why he’d ever agreed to help plan the gala.
Gina had called in sick, so all phone calls had made their way straight to him. One of the secretaries in another team had agreed to help but, between showing her where everything was kept and answering her questions, it had been a busy day.
An urgent meeting with Mia was the last thing he needed. 
Polly Andrews stuck her head around the edge of his door. “Mia Costas is here to see you, Mr. Lewis. Shall I send her through?”
He nodded. “Thanks. Would you be able to make coffee and find something for us to eat? I’ve got a feeling we won’t be stopping for lunch.”
Mia’s head appeared next. He felt as though he was watching a puppet show. 
“You can’t miss lunch,” Mia said. “Your brain needs food to work properly.”
“You think I don’t know that?”
Mia wasn’t intimidated by his gruff voice. “Your blood sugar levels have already dropped. Come with me.”
Stan leaned forward, resting his elbows on his desk. “We have a meeting.”
“It doesn’t need to be here. Think of it as multitasking. We can eat and talk at the same time.”
He picked up his phone.
“Leave that here,” Mia said quickly. “The world won’t end if no one can talk to you for half an hour.”
Stan frowned at the bossy-boots standing in his doorway. “Since when did you turn into a dragon?”
“When you stopped looking after yourself.” She tapped the face of her watch. “Tick tock, time’s a-wastin’.”
He took three files off his desk and handed them to Polly. “Can you scan these and save them in my budget file? The originals need to go to finance.”
“Shall do, Mr. Lewis. Would you like me to tell your next appointment that you’re running a few minutes late?”
His gaze slid to Mia. “Make it half an hour late. Mia has a lot to tell me.”
“At least you didn’t say I talk a lot,” Mia grumbled. “From now on, you’d better be on your best behavior. Otherwise, I’m not paying for lunch.”
“You’re not paying, anyway.” He held her hand and pulled her toward the elevator. “My phone is ringing. If I don’t leave now, I’ll be tempted to answer it.”
“That’s what I like to hear,” Mia said with a grin. “A man who has his priorities in the right order.”
“Or is running away from his responsibilities. I’ve had a bad morning. Tell me some good news.”
“The sun is shining.”
“Is that the only good news you’ve got?”
Mia tapped her finger against her mouth. Just watching the way her lips tilted at the corners was enough to start Stan’s happy hormones. “You’re killing me, Mia. There must be something else that’s good in the world?”
“Granddad signed another artist for a Christmas event he’s organizing. Oh, and my paintings are leaving for San Francisco in about ten days.”
He stepped into the elevator and pushed the button for the second floor. “Congratulations. You can look forward to your exhibition now.”
Mia’s smile disappeared. “I need to talk to you about that.”
“Only good news before lunch.”
“I’m out of good news.”
“There must be something else? What are you painting at the moment?”
“A portrait of the Queen.”
Stan stared at her. “Are you joking?”
“Yes. My little white lie was worth it. Do you have a thing for the royal family?”
He held Mia’s arm as they walked toward one of the hospital’s cafeterias. “I don’t have a thing, but I do respect the monarchy. All that pomp and pageantry and history stirs something in me.”
“It’s your tummy,” Mia whispered. “It’s grumbling from hunger.”
Stan took one look around the busy cafeteria and knew it would be grumbling for a lot longer. “You can’t fool me, Mia Costas. Everything about you screams, ‘I’m a romantic’. You must have dreamed of being a princess when you were little?”
Mia tilted her nose in the air. “It was the dresses. I didn’t want to be a princess, but I did want to explore their wardrobes. Imagine a designer creating clothes just for you. Talk about good news. That would be the best.”
“Designer clothes make you happy?”
“Designer clothes fit for a princess make me happy. What makes you happy, Stan?”
“Food,” he growled as they stood behind fifteen other people. “Remind me to do an efficiency study. It shouldn’t take this long to buy lunch.”
“Would this be in my capacity as a co-gala-organizer or a general fixer-upper?”
“As long as the service improves, I don’t mind what you call yourself. We’re moving.”
“Yahoo,” Mia muttered. “On a brighter note, how is Annabelle?”
For the first time all morning, Stan smiled. “She’s finally stopped talking about the mother and daughter day. She had a great time, so thank you.”
Mia stepped forward in the line. “I enjoyed myself, too. It was quite an experience being surrounded by so many females.”
“That’s what Annabelle said. Did you know that she’s organized a petition to change the name of the day?”
“She told me she wasn’t happy with the name, but I didn’t know about the petition.”
He handed Mia a tray. “Someone called Cindy is happy. Her dad is no longer dating his girlfriend. According to Annabelle, he’s finally come to his senses.”
“Cindy’s parents divorced last year. Her dad is coming out of his shell, so to speak.”
Stan kept his thoughts to himself. He hoped his ‘coming-out-of-his-shell’ party was more successful than Cindy’s dad’s. 
“Ooh. Mac and cheese.” Mia sighed. “Now that’s a good news story.”
“Sometimes I wonder about your taste buds. I thought Nick would have hooked you on moussaka, stuffed vine leaves, and Greek salad.”
“He did. That’s why I like mac and cheese. It’s exotic.”
Stan shook his head in disbelief. “Like I said—I wonder about your taste buds.”
“Wonder no more,” Mia said as she ordered her lunch with a super thick vanilla milkshake. “I’m a bridge between two cultures.”
Stan stuck to a chicken salad sandwich and a jelly donut.
Mia rolled her eyes. “The good and the bad. Which one are you, Stan?”
Heat rolled up his neck. The gleam in Mia’s eyes was too X-rated for the hospital cafeteria. “One day you’ll find out and we’ll both be in trouble.”
Her saucy grin turned wicked. “Promises, promises.”
One of the staff handed Mia her lunch. 
“Don’t pay for that,” he warned. “I’m buying lunch. It’s the least I can do.”
In the blink of an eye she lost her wickedness and was back to her normal self. “I’ll give in gracefully and say thank you, but you didn’t need to pay for lunch.”
“If it makes you feel better, you can buy lunch next time.”
“On our first it’s-not-really-a-date, date?”
“That’s the one.”
A woman behind Stan cleared her throat.
Mia smiled at the nurse and picked up her tray. “Where would you like to sit?”
He looked around the room, hunting for a booth that could be called romantic. The only seats that were anything other than hospital classic overlooked the gardens. And as luck would have it, they were taken.
With a disappointed sigh, he pointed to a booth on the far side of the room. “What about over there?” 
“Looks good. I’ll save you a seat.” 
And before he’d had time to order a double-strength cappuccino, Mia was gone. 

***
Stan wove his way through the crowd in the cafeteria. Mia had been right. He was turning into a grump, but he was hoping the food he was carrying would change all of that.
“I thought you might have gotten lost,” Mia joked before looking at his face. “Sit. You need food.”
Stan didn’t need to be told twice. He dived straight into his jelly donut, savoring each grain of sugar. “I’ve died and gone to heaven.”
“Don’t let the hospital chaplain hear you say that. He’ll be out of business.”
“Not possible,” Stan murmured. He felt better already. “Jelly donuts can’t compete with what he does, but this one’s helping me.”
“You should have bought half a dozen. You’re going to need them.”
Stan stopped chewing. “You’re telling me this now? While I’m halfway through this delicious treat?”
“I’m preparing you for the worst.”
“Can’t you prepare me after I’ve finished eating?”
Mia ate a forkful of mac and cheese. “Deal.”
They ate the rest of their meal in silence. By the time Mia started drinking her milkshake, Stan’s brain had kicked into gear. “Okay. I’m ready for the worst you can throw at me.”
Mia’s eyebrows rose. “That didn’t take long.”
“I can multitask now that my brain is working.” To prove the point, he sipped his cappuccino.
“Impressive.”
“You’re stalling. What’s happened?”
“I can’t come to the gala.”
Stan frowned. “You mean the neonatal fundraising gala? The one that Deirdre started organizing more than six months ago?”
“Ssh. There’s no need to shout. I’ve spoken to Claire and Hannah. They’re going to help me stage the Baxter Hotel the week before the gala. They’ll also be there on the Friday night to help with any last-minute details.”
He ignored Mia’s logical reply. Logic had nothing to do with the disappointment and, if he were really honest, the panic, crashing through him. “What’s more important than the gala?”
“My exhibition.”
A heavy silence settled between them. When he’d asked her to help him, he knew the exhibition was her priority. But that didn’t lessen his disappointment or alter the fact that she wouldn’t be there.
He pushed his coffee away. “I thought you were traveling to San Francisco on the Saturday morning after the gala.”
“That was the plan, but the gallery’s owner wants me there on Friday morning. He’s organized a media conference and a tour of the exhibition. I have to go, Stan.”
“I know you do.” He took a deep breath. “When are you leaving?”
“On the Thursday afternoon before the gala. But don’t worry. We still have lots of time to work through any last-minute issues. It’s just as well everything is on track.”
“Not everything,” Stan muttered. “I had a call from the Baxter Hotel this morning. They had a major water leak and can’t guarantee that the main ballroom will be ready for the gala.”
“But it’s five weeks away. How much work needs to be done?”
“They’re replumbing a seven-story building that’s nearly ninety years old.”
Mia’s shoulders slumped forward. “Oh.”
“Exactly. Now we have a night no one’s going to forget because we don’t have a venue.”
“We could call the other hotels and conference centers around Bozeman. There must be something available.”
Stan shook his head. “I called the events manager of every large venue in town. Even if we limited the tickets, it wouldn’t make any difference. Nothing is available until the middle of February.”
“What about holding the fundraiser in the new neonatal area?”
“It can’t happen. Our health and safety reps would have a fit.”
“There must be somewhere else.” Mia leaned forward. “What about a barn? It would have to be insulated, but it could work.”
“I’ve already called a few people and asked about the same thing. Any suggestions they had have already been booked. I didn’t realize there were so many weddings the week before Christmas.”
“That’s what you get when you’re surrounded by romantic couples.” Mia pulled out her notebook. “What we need is a plan.”
“What we need is a venue.”
With pursed lips, Mia found a pen and started writing. 
“What are you doing?” 
“Brainstorming. Would you like to join me?”
Stan wasn’t fooled by the sweetness in her voice. She definitely wasn’t the easy-going person she wanted everyone to believe. There was a ruthless, determined streak to her personality that drove her to accept nothing but the best. That streak intrigued Stan and left him wondering what else she was hiding.
While he’d been thinking about Mia, she’d filled half a page with big, scrawly, words. 
“What have you come up with?” he asked.
She showed him the notebook. “The venue needs to be big, so I’ve listed every building that popped into my head. We can go through the list later and figure out if they have commercial kitchens and enough bathrooms and parking spaces.”
“The public library?”
“It’s a brainstorming list, Stan.” She turned the notebook around. “Give me some ideas and I’ll write them down. Don’t think about it, just blurt them out.”
He closed his eyes and ignored the noisy cafeteria. “Charlie’s Bar and Grill, Macs Brewery, The Pizza Place on Main Street, Museum of the Rockies, the cinema in Big Sky, and Montana State University.”
When he opened his eyes, Mia was still writing. “What do you think?”
She stopped writing and smiled. “I like the way your brain works.”
Stan grinned back. “I like the way your brain works, too. But our brains won’t find a venue on their own.”
“What do you want to do next?”
He turned Mia’s notebook around. “We go through the list and cross out the venues that won’t work. Then we go through the remaining buildings and do some old-fashioned legwork. We should be able to reduce the list even more by the end of the day.”
“I thought you had meetings all afternoon?”
“I do, but they’ll have to wait. I need to raise two million dollars by the end of December. I can’t do that without a venue for the gala.”
Mia picked up her cell phone. “I just need to send a text to granddad. I was supposed to meet him this afternoon.” 
Stan finished his cappuccino as they went through the list. They crossed off some of the names straight away. Others needed a phone call to confirm whether they had space in their booking schedule. After fifteen minutes, Stan was surprised that they had four venues to visit. 
“It worked.”
Mia sent him a smug smile. “Of course it worked. Sometimes all you need is a little faith.”
“And a good imagination.”
“That, too.” Mia finished her milkshake. “Let’s go back to your office. We need to work out who we’re seeing first.”
Stan gathered their cups and plates together. “Good idea. I’ll be back in a minute.”
He slid the dirty dishes onto a cart and headed toward the front counter. By the time he arrived back at their table, Mia was typing on her cell phone. 
“Are you ready?” 
She looked at him and smiled. “What have you bought?”
Stan held up the brown paper bag. “Reinforcements. If all else fails, we can bury our sorrows in six jelly donuts.”
Mia licked her lips and Stan’s heart flipped like an acrobat. It would be an interesting afternoon.
CHAPTER TEN
Four hours later, Mia and Stan were sitting in the kitchen of Nick’s gallery, fortifying themselves with jelly donuts and Greek coffee.
“What about the posters and tickets,” Mia asked. “Is it too late to cancel them?”
Stan sat back in his chair. “We contacted the printing company this morning. They’ve delayed the print run until they hear from us.”
“At least that’s one cost you won’t have to pay.”
“They’re not the only company we have to contact. When Gina returns to work, I’ll ask her to let everyone know that the fundraiser is canceled.”
Nick walked into the kitchen. “I knew I’d left my mug in the workroom.” His gaze moved to Stan, then Mia. “Why are you so glum? Has the end of the world happened without me knowing?”
Mia handed her grandfather the last jelly donut. Stan definitely didn’t need more sugar. “We don’t have a venue for the hospital gala. The Baxter Hotel needs to replace their water pipes.”
“Winter,” Nick muttered. “It happens each year. Frozen pipes are not good for business.”
She quickly rinsed her granddad’s mug and filled it with hot coffee. “We’ve spent the last four hours visiting other venues. Nothing that’s available will work.”
“We even drove to Big Sky,” Stan added. “The cinema would have been perfect, but the area we needed to use is already booked.”
Nick bit into the jelly donut. “It is too far to drive. The weather can be…” he pointed to the storm outside, “…unpredictable.”
Mia had run out of positive things to say. It had been a cold, depressing, afternoon. In-between sloshing through the snow, they’d visited two venues that were totally wrong and another whose idea of a commercial kitchen was a stainless steel counter and two twenty-year-old stoves. 
“How big does this venue need to be?” Nick licked red jelly off his fingers.
“We’ve already looked at every building in Bozeman, granddad. There’s nothing available.”
“What do we say in the Costas family, Mia?”
“We never give up.” Her voice rang like a hollow bell across the kitchen. 
“There is always an answer to every problem,” Nick added in a more positive voice. 
That was easy for her granddad to say. He hadn’t been looking at venues. 
As if reading her mind, Nick lowered his bushy eyebrows and sent her a frosty glare. “How many tickets do you need to sell?”
“Two hundred eighty,” Stan said. “The gala itself won’t raise the money we need, but I’m hoping the attendees will join our donor program. We’ve already received two large contributions after a story about the gala appeared in the Chronicle.”
Nick nodded and sipped his coffee. “The people of Bozeman are very generous. Look at what we did for little Tommy Adams. How much did your charity art auction raise, Mia?”
“About fifty-five thousand dollars.” She looked at her grandfather, then at Stan. “I’d forgotten…”
“Answers, Mia, require the right questions to unlock them. You simply gave up asking the right questions.”
Stan looked confused. “What are you talking about, Nick?”
“My granddaughter has access to one of the best venues in Bozeman. I will let her tell you about it.” He stood and smiled. “Thank you for the coffee and donut. I will be in the gallery when you need to speak with me.”
Mia grinned at Stan. Sometimes her grandfather could be the most annoying man on the planet, but most of the time he was amazing. “If you’re willing to think outside of the square, granddad might have solved our problem.”
“You know a venue we can use?”
 Mia pushed back her chair. “Come with me.”
With Stan beside her, Mia walked into Nick’s gallery. “When you came here with Annabelle, you didn’t see the entire exhibition space.” She stood at the back of the gallery and opened a concealed wall panel. “This was part of the remodeling that granddad did about eighteen months ago.”
She pushed a button and a set of doors slid open. “The whole wall opens into the public gallery. We use the extra space for large exhibitions or special events.” She looked at Stan. He hadn’t said anything since they’d left the kitchen. 
Stepping forward, she turned on the pendant lights. “We used the whole gallery, including this space, for a fundraiser for a little boy called Tommy. He needed an expensive operation, so The Bozeman Art Collective organized a charity auction. We were able to pay most of his medical bills.”
“I was in Chicago when that happened, but I heard about it when I got back.” Stan’s gaze roamed across the ceiling’s exposed wooden beams and the original red-brick walls. 
Mia imagined what the gallery could look like with the props she’d chosen. “We could open the entire wall, create a sophisticated space with the lighting granddad installed. The kitchen is perfect—Annie has already catered for large events here. Parking won’t be a problem, especially on a Friday night, and we can hire some portable restrooms for the evening. What do you think?” 
Stan’s grin was infectious. “I think, Mia Costas, that you and your granddad are amazing. This is perfect. You’ve saved the neonatal unit.”
“It was the jelly donuts.” Mia squealed as Stan swung her in a circle. When her feet were back on the ground, she laughed at the confused look on his face. 
“Why the jelly donuts?” he asked.
“If you hadn’t bought another six, we wouldn’t have stopped here to share them with granddad. We could have easily gone back to the hospital and canceled the whole event.”
Stan wrapped his arms around her shoulders. “I never believed in fate until I met you. Something tells me our lives are never going to be the same again.”
A rush of pleasure warmed Mia’s cheeks. “That’s the nicest thing you’ve said to me.” And she hoped it wouldn’t be the last.

***
The day before Thanksgiving, Mia stood on a ladder holding a garland of small pumpkins and thick, green leaves against a wall. “Is this the right height?”
Hannah took a step backward. “It needs to be higher.”
She lifted her hand toward the ceiling. “Better?”
“Perfect. One down, twenty-four to go.”
Mia stapled the garland to the wall. The Rockin’ Rooster Ranch might sound like the craziest place to have a wedding, but it was one of the best venues in Bozeman. Tomorrow afternoon, thirty-four guests would be chauffeur-driven to the ranch, treated to a wedding fit for a prince and princess, then indulged with the finest food and wine Montana had to offer.
“I’m glad you’re here,” Hannah said from beside a mound of table linen. “We couldn’t have done this without you.”
Claire nodded from the top of an enormous ladder. “I agree. A Thanksgiving Day wedding is romantic, but it’s taking longer than we thought to stage.”
Mia held her breath, terrified that Claire would plummet to her death. “Concentrate on what you’re doing. The ladder looks wobbly.”
“It’s fine,” Claire said as she wrapped the final ceiling garland around a rafter. “See. Easy-peasy.”
Hannah rushed across to the ladder, holding it while her sister made her way to the ground. “I wish you’d asked another company to hang the ceiling garlands. They were too high.”
Claire studied the rafters. “I’ve finished now. And if I say so myself, they look amazing. I’ll give Mia a hand.”
With more patience than she thought she had, Mia moved around the barn with Claire, hanging pumpkin garlands like a seasoned professional.
“These are going to look fantastic,” Claire said with a smile. “Wait until we turn them on.”
“On?” Mia looked around the barn. “I thought this was as good as they got.”
Claire shook her head. “There are tiny, wireless, fairy lights in each garland. They’ll look beautiful against the wooden walls and rafters.”
The barn doors opened and a shaft of bright sunlight lit the room.
“Wow, dad. Look at what Mia has done.”
Mia looked over her shoulder. “Annabelle?”
“Surprise!”
Claire and Hannah grinned at their visitors.
Mia looked at Stan. His smile hit her in the chest. She should be used to him by now—used to the attraction that left her breathless, and needy, and so many other things she didn’t have time for. 
She cleared her throat. “Hi. I didn’t expect to see you here.”
Claire stepped forward. “Hannah and I had something to do with that.”
Mia frowned. “I don’t understand.”
“We wanted to surprise you.” Annabelle was almost jumping on the spot from excitement. “Dad called Claire and she had the perfect plan.”
“She did?” Mia’s gaze swiveled to her friend. 
“It was only an itsy-bitsy white lie,” Claire said. “We’ve appreciated your help, but it isn’t the reason we asked you here.”
“Annabelle’s surprise is the reason?”
Hannah handed Mia’s jacket to her. “It’s such a great surprise.”
“Ssh,” Annabelle whispered. “You’re not allowed to say anything.”
Stan held out his arm. “This is where we say goodbye, Mia. It’s time to show you our surprise.”
She looked at her friends, at the excitement on Annabelle’s face. “Your surprise doesn’t involve hairy, black spiders, does it?”
Annabelle grinned. “No. It’s much better than that.”
She held onto Stan’s arm. Was she the only person in the barn who wasn’t excited? “Okay. I guess it’s time to see my surprise.”
Annabelle ran out of the barn, skidding to a stop on the icy ground. “This way, Mia. Follow me.”
“Don’t worry,” Stan whispered. “It’s a good surprise.”
Mia looked back at Claire and Hannah, then up at Stan. “I can’t believe everyone knew about this except me.”
“That’s why it’s called a surprise. Watch where your feet land. It’s slippery out here.”
With her arm tucked firmly in Stan’s, her feet wouldn’t be going anywhere they shouldn’t. She thought about what the surprise could be. Maybe they were going out for lunch or taking a sleigh ride across the ranch. With the amount of snow that had fallen over the last few days, they could be going skiing.
When she saw her grandfather standing beside Stan’s truck, she was even more confused. “Granddad? What are you doing here?”
Nick smiled and opened both passenger doors. “We are going on a Thanksgiving Day adventure. It is time we had some fun.”
“But it’s not Thanksgiving until tomorrow.”
“We are planning ahead.” 
Annabelle scrambled onto the back seat. “Sit beside dad, Mia. Mr. Costas will keep me company.”
Stan didn’t wait for her to move. He picked her up and swung her into the front seat. “All you have to do is sit back and relax. Annabelle and I have organized everything.” 
She glanced at Nick, wondering how Stan had convinced him that this was a good idea. Her grandfather knew better than most that she never sat back and relaxed. She always had a plan, a reason for doing most things in her life. 
And Nick also knew that since she’d been ten years old, she’d never liked surprises.

***
To take her mind off her churning stomach, Mia hummed to a song on the radio. Stan wouldn’t tell her where they were going, but it wasn’t hard to guess. After having lunch in Livingston, Annabelle hadn’t stopped talking about their family.  
It was easy to see how much she enjoyed spending Thanksgiving with Stan’s family. The noise and constant activity would be completely different from living with one adult. But she wasn’t sure that a ranch twenty minutes west of Laurel was the best place for her or her granddad. 
Stan glanced across the cab. “You probably realize where we’re going. I hope you don’t mind visiting my family.”
She wasn’t sure how she felt about meeting his brother and sister-in-law. “What have you told them about us?”
“That you’re my friend and we’re organizing the neonatal gala.”
Mia relaxed against her seat. “Are you sure they won’t mind two extra guests arriving the day before Thanksgiving?”
“Eileen and Mark are looking forward to meeting you. Besides, they have five children. Another two people won’t make any difference.”
Mia looked over her shoulder. Nick was teaching Annabelle some Greek words.
She turned back to Stan. “Your brother and sister-in-law don’t think that we…that there’s anything…” She gave up trying to explain what she was wanted to say. “You know what I mean,” she muttered.
“Your reputation’s safe. For now.”
The smile on Stan’s face made her shake her head. “It’s just as well you’re one of the good guys. What time will we be back in Bozeman tonight?”
Stan’s smile disappeared. “I wasn’t planning on heading back to Bozeman until Friday.”
“But I didn’t bring any clothes with me. And granddad needs to open his gallery on Friday.”
“It is okay, Mia,” Nick said from the back seat. “I packed some of your spare clothes from my apartment. It is only for one night. And the gallery will be closed on Friday.”
Annabelle handed Mia a bag of marshmallows. “We’re going to have so much fun. It will be like a sleepover.”
Mia looked at her grandfather. “How long have you known we’re going to the ranch?”
“A few days. You have been so busy that I was worried about you. Stan has done a good thing and it is even better that he invited me.” 
“We wouldn’t have gone anywhere without you, Mr. Costas. Especially at Thanksgiving.”
“That is good to know, little one.”
“Do you know that I don’t have a grandpa?” Annabelle asked.
“No. I didn’t.” 
Mia turned around and smiled at her granddad. The twinkle in his eyes was good to see. She wasn’t the only person who was working hard. Instead of slowing down and looking forward to his retirement, her granddad was working long hours. Apart from the dinners they shared and seeing Kathy, his social life was as exciting as hers.
Annabelle leaned toward Nick. “We could pretend that you’re my grandpa, just for Thanksgiving.”
Stan’s foot slipped off the accelerator. “Annabelle,” he growled.
“It is all right,” Nick assured him. “I would like very much to be an honorary grandpa. Tell me what you would like me to do, Annabelle.”
“I’m not sure. What do grandpas do, Mia?”
Mia thought about all the wonderful things her granddad had done for her. “They listen to your stories and tell you the best jokes. They show you how to cook and help you with your homework. But most of all, they are there for you no matter what happens.”
“And they love you more than anyone else in the world,” Nick said softly.
Mia’s throat tightened.
“That sounds like my dad,” Annabelle said with a sigh. “Do you like reading, Mr. Costas?”
“I do. I used to read to Mia every night.”
“I have a book. You could read to me tonight.”
“I am looking forward to it already.”
Stan’s hands were white against the steering wheel. Mia didn’t know anything about his parents, but some things didn’t need words. She turned to her granddad. “Annabelle doesn’t need another—”
“It’s okay,” Stan interrupted. “Everyone needs a grandpa.” 
She looked at Stan and saw the effort it had taken to say those words. 
“Can I ask you a question, Mia?” 
“Sure, Annabelle.”
 “I was wondering if you ever wanted a brother or sister.”
Mia closed her eyes. Driving to the ranch was like navigating through an emotional minefield. She gripped the edge of her seat to stop herself from rubbing her scar. “Having a brother or sister would have been fun, but it’s not so bad being an only child. You get to spend all your time with your dad and you don’t have to share a bedroom with anyone.”
“I think it would be amazing to have some brothers and sisters. Dad said I was out of luck. Do you think you’ll have any children, Mia?”
“Well, I…I guess that depends on who I marry.”
Stan glanced at his daughter in the rearview mirror. “Tell Mia and Mr. Costas what we’re doing at the ranch.”
“We’re going on a sleigh ride. Auntie Eileen and Uncle Mark have three sleighs.”
Mia was grateful for the change in subject. “Do they look like Santa’s sleighs?”
“Kind of. They have big, curly, fronts and red seats. But Uncle Mark doesn’t have any reindeer. Auntie Eileen says that if he brings some home, she’s moving to California.”
“What does he use to pull the sleighs?” Nick asked.
“The most beautiful white horses I’ve ever seen. They look like they belong in a fairytale. You’ll like Uncle Mark. He has a big workshop where he restores his sleighs. The oldest sleigh is more than two hundred years old. He doesn’t drive that one.”
Nick murmured something about it being too special and Annabelle agreed. 
“Do you think you’ll survive two days with my daughter?” Stan whispered.
“It’s her dad I’m more worried about,” Mia whispered back.
“You’ll do fine. Just smile every now and then and he’ll be your friend for life.”
“That’s too easy.”
Stan gently squeezed her hand. “It was never meant to be hard.”
But for Mia, it was one of the hardest things she’d ever done. 
CHAPTER ELEVEN
Stan wrapped a blanket around Annabelle’s legs. “Listen to what Mr. Costas says and don’t stand up while the sleigh is moving.”
“Yes, dad. Uncle Mark told me the same thing last year.”
“And we’ll keep telling you each year,” he muttered. “Mia and I will be right behind you with Auntie Eileen, Max, and Wyatt.”
Annabelle, Nick, and another three cousins turned around and waved at Mia. 
Mia smiled and waved back. 
After the evening they’d had, she was probably too overwhelmed to do anything else. From the moment they’d walked into Mark and Eileen’s home, they’d been bombarded with questions, hugged and kissed at least a dozen times, and sent on a pumpkin treasure hunt that almost gave Mia frostbite.
Stan’s brother handed him a large picnic basket. “You’ll have to take this. We’re out of room.”
The basket was so heavy that he had to hold it with both hands. “Eileen’s packed enough food in here for an army.”
Mark snorted. “You haven’t seen everyone in a while. The army has got nothing on the amount of food these kids eat.”
A chorus of indignant voices filled the cold air. 
Stan grinned. “That’s what you get when you decide to have five children. I’ll see you on the ridge.” He trudged back to Eileen’s sleigh, glad that they’d be moving soon. “Mark gave me the picnic basket. He’s run out of room.”
Unlike their siblings, Max and Wyatt were only too happy to look after the food. 
“Don’t open it,” Eileen warned. “The brownies are for everyone.”
“Just one, mom,” Max said with as much pleading as any nine-year-old could manage. “No one will notice.”
“I’ll notice and the answer’s no. Is everyone ready?”
Max and Wyatt sighed. “We’re ready.”
Stan sat beside Mia, pulling her close as she wrapped a blanket around his legs. “We’re ready, too.”
Eileen climbed up beside Mia. “Here we go.” She lifted the reins and the horses set off through the fresh snow.
Mia laughed and held her hand to her ear. “Is that Santa’s sleigh bells I hear?”
“These ones keep the grizzly bears away,” Stan joked.
“Don’t listen to him,” Eileen scolded. “We haven’t seen a grizzly around here in six months.”
“The last one was in the Big Belt Mountains,” Max said helpfully. “It tore into someone’s tent and nearly took off their arm.”
Wyatt choked back a laugh. “You’re making that up.”
“No I’m not. Ask dad. He told me all about it.”
Eileen clicked her tongue. “That’s enough. We’re here to enjoy a pleasant ride, not listen to you two bickering.” She rearranged the blanket around her legs. “Are you warm enough, Mia?”
“I’m fine. Thanks for the loan of the hat and mittens.”
“You’re welcome. Only Stan would surprise someone with a visit to our ranch in the middle of winter.” She looked over Mia’s head at her brother-in-law. “What were you thinking?”
“I wasn’t thinking of anything apart from your delicious roast turkey and cranberry sauce.”
Eileen sent him a knowing smile. “Flattery will get you nowhere. Do you enjoy working with Stan, Mia?”
Mia glanced up at him. Her mischievous smile did nothing to calm his racing heart. “I’ve enjoyed helping him with the gala. We only speak to each other every couple of days, so that’s made it easier.”
“We talk more than that. You enjoy telling me what to do.”
Mia smiled. “I don’t tell you what to do. Not all the time, anyway.”
Eileen gave the horses a nudge. “Sometimes we all need clear directions.” She looked over her shoulder. “Isn’t that right, boys?” 
“Yes, ma’am,” they said together.
“Have you got a brownie in your hand, Wyatt Lewis?”
Stan looked over his shoulder and saw a guilty blush sneak up his nephew’s neck. 
“Only a little one,” Wyatt mumbled.
“You’d best put it back before we all get hungry. And when we stop, that’s the one you eat first.”
Wyatt glared at his brother. “Yes, mom.”
“It wasn’t me,” Max muttered.
Stan didn’t wait to see what Wyatt did next. The two brothers would sort out their battles in their own way. He was too focused on Mia. She sat beneath his arm as if she was made to be there. He hadn’t held a woman like this since Sandra had died and it felt right. More right than he thought it would. 
As the sleigh passed under the main gates to the ranch, Stan didn’t think that life could get much better. He was happier than he’d been in a long time and it was all because of the woman beside him.

***
“What do you think of Pine Ridge?”
Mia took the cup of hot chocolate that Stan held out to her. “It’s beautiful. Thank you for bringing us here.” 
“It’s my favorite place on the ranch. I come here each time I visit my brother.” Stan sat beside her on the fallen log. He glanced up at the stars. “Dad used to bring Mark and me up here. We’d sit together for hours, staring at the sky and imagining what it would be like to travel to different planets.”
“It sounds wonderful.”
“It was. Dad taught us so much more than where the stars and planets were. We used to argue all the time, but we learned to appreciate the strengths that came from our differences. Mark brings his children up here all the time. I guess dad started a tradition and he didn’t know it.” 
Mia looked across the ridge at Annabelle. She was sitting with her cousins, gazing at the sky. “How often do you visit your brother and his family?”
“Not often enough. We try to come to the ranch every month, but it doesn’t always work.”
“Annabelle likes it here.” 
Stan looked down at his hands. “She likes being part of a big family. I hope she didn’t embarrass you when she was talking about having more brothers and sisters.”
Mia smiled. “I wasn’t embarrassed, just surprised. I felt the same way when I was her age.”
“It must have been hard growing up without your parents.”
Mia cradled her hot chocolate. The heat seeped through her mittens and into her cold hands. “My friends didn’t understand why I was so sad. They still had their families, everything that was familiar to them. I had no parents, a new home, and a grandfather that I didn’t really know. It took me a long time to find my way in the world, to appreciate the gifts I’d been given.”
“Some people never appreciate what they have.”
Mia nodded and took a deep breath. “There were other things I did that weren’t so great. I learned how to bottle things up, how to pretend I was happy, when all I wanted to do was burst into tears. When I paint, I don’t feel like that. I pour every emotion into the canvas. I guess painting is my therapy. It helps me see the world differently.”
“It puts your life into perspective.”
The gentleness in Stan’s voice touched something deep inside her. She wanted to know more about him, what made him the person he had become. “Did you always want to be the director of a hospital?”
“A hospital was the last place I wanted to work. After all of dad’s stories, I wanted to be an astronaut. I wanted to be the person who explored our solar system and found new planets.”
“What changed your mind?”
“When I was sixteen, mom was diagnosed with cancer. Reaching for the stars wasn’t as important as helping her. So I did a medical degree instead of astrophysics. Her cancer went into remission and we thought everything would be okay. By the time I turned twenty-eight, her cancer had returned. She died two years later.”
“I’m sorry.”
Stan looked across the ridge and into the night sky. “It was a hard time for everyone, especially dad. Mom meant everything to him. It broke his heart when she wasn’t there. A year after mom passed, dad had a heart attack and died. Eighteen months later, Sandra died.”
“I didn’t realize…” She left her drink on the ground and wrapped her hand around Stan’s arm. “You had a horrible time.”
“It wasn’t easy. Sometimes Annabelle was the only reason I got out of bed each morning.”
“Look at her now.” Mia nodded at Annabelle. She was eating chocolate brownies and watching Wyatt make a snowman. “She’s a great kid. Through everything that’s happened, you did good, Mr. Lewis.”
Tears glistened in Stan’s eyes. “We all did good. If it wasn’t for my family and friends, I don’t know what I would have done.”
Mia felt the same way. Her gaze moved to Nick, to the man who had changed his world for a sad and lonely ten-year-old. Without his big heart and stubborn pride, she wouldn’t have become who she was today. 
He had helped her find the person buried under layers of grief—the person who had the ability to transform her life and the lives of others with the stroke of a brush. And that, she knew, was the greatest gift anyone could give another person. 

***
A loud bang pulled Mia out of a deep sleep. She blinked, remembered where she was, then rolled over, falling back to sleep.
“Mia? It’s me. Are you awake?” More pounding. This time it was quieter, less frantic.
“Annabelle?” 
“We’re taking the snowmobiles onto the ranch. Do you want to come?”
She sat up and rubbed her eyes. “You can come in. The door isn’t locked.”
Annabelle burst into the bedroom like a mini tornado. “Isn’t it a beautiful day? The sun is shining and the sky is so blue. We’ve been awake for ages.”
Mia peered at her watch. “It’s seven o’clock.”
“That’s late on the ranch. Auntie Eileen and Uncle Mark are awake before their rooster crows.” Annabelle sat on the end of Mia’s bed and bounced up and down. “This is a great bed. It’s softer than mine.”
Mia’s brain was still considering the color of the sky. “Is Nick awake?”
“He’s been up for ages. Auntie Eileen made pancakes for breakfast. She said to come and get some if you’re awake.”
“I guess I’m awake.”
“What are you wearing today?”
Mia pulled herself out of bed and opened her small suitcase. 
Annabelle stood beside her. “There isn’t much in there.”
“I know.” She looked at the half-empty case. “I don’t keep a lot of clothes at Granddad’s house. At least I’ve got clean underwear.”
Annabelle pulled out a pink T-shirt and a gray sweater. “This would be okay with your jeans.” 
“I guess so.” Pushing her hair out of her eyes, Mia studied the T-shirt. She hadn’t worn it in years. But considering she didn’t have a lot of choice, it would be fine. 
Annabelle grinned. “I almost forgot. Happy Thanksgiving!”
Mia gave her a quick hug. “Happy Thanksgiving to you, too.”
Somewhere outside, an engine roared into life. Annabelle rushed to the window and threw back the curtains. “It’s Uncle Mark. He must be ready to leave.”
Mia squinted against the bright light. Usually, she was awake long before now, but she’d somehow managed not only to sleep in, but to have her best night’s sleep in ages. “You go with your dad. I’ll keep Eileen company and see you when you get back.”
“Are you sure? Riding on the snowmobile is awesome.”
“I’m sure. Say hi to your dad for me.” 
“Okay. I’ll take some photos and show you later. Bye.”
Mia smiled as Annabelle opened the door and thumped downstairs. She heard more voices coming from along the landing. A dog barked and someone squealed.
She gathered her clothes and found the towel and soap Eileen had left in the room. A hot shower would wake her up and get her ready for the day. By the time Stan arrived home, she’d be feeling less sleepy and more human.
A solid thud rattled the bedroom window. Mia’s heart plummeted. She ran across the room, expecting to see a stunned bird lying on the gable below. 
The roof was bare. Not one pine cone, bird’s nest, or stunned animal littered the wooden shingles. She opened the window to look farther along the roof, holding her breath as cold air stung her lungs. 
“Good morning, sleepyhead.” Stan yelled from below her window. “Happy Thanksgiving!”
Mia took one look at her chest and dropped to her knees. Wearing her old New York Yankees T-shirt to bed was one thing. Letting Stan see it was completely different “Happy Thanksgiving. You’ve got a good aim.”
He held another snowball in the air. “I’ve had lots of practice.”
Mark appeared beside him. “Not at throwing snowballs at beautiful women’s windows,” he yelled. “He means at me.”
Stan said something and Mark laughed.
“Are you sure you don’t want to come snowmobiling with us?” Stan asked. “You could ride with me.”
“How long will you be gone?”
“About an hour. Nick’s staying at the house.”
“I’m not ready.”
“If you can be downstairs in ten minutes, we’ll wait for you.”
Stan’s grin sent butterflies straight to her stomach. Not going with him suddenly felt like time that would be wasted. This had been his surprise to her and she wanted to make the most of every minute.
“Wait there. I’ll come with you.” She yanked the curtains closed and shut the bedroom door. In double-quick time she changed into her clothes and ran downstairs.
The sweet smell of maple syrup and pancakes made her mouth water. She turned toward the kitchen and walked straight into Stan.
“That was quick.” His hands wrapped around her waist. Instead of letting her go, he tightened his hold.
Mia tried to remember to breathe. “I still need to have breakfast, wash my teeth, and find my jacket.”
Stan moved closer. “You forgot something.” 
His lips skimmed her cheek.
“Eileen’s hat and mittens?” she squeaked.
“No, but it would be a good idea to take them.” His hands circled her ribcage as his lips inched closer to her mouth. 
Mia’s heart pounded. “Where are your family?”
“Not here,” he muttered thickly.
Stan’s mouth landed on hers, teasing her lips until her brain cells melted. Need spiraled inside her so quickly that she opened her mouth and took everything he was offering. She didn’t know who groaned first and she didn’t care. Her hands tangled in his hair, urging him closer. 
Stan lifted her higher, sandwiching her between his hard muscles and a door. He tasted like snow, and sunshine, and the pine trees that grew on the ranch.
The door swung open. Mia gasped as Stan stumbled forward with her legs wrapped around his waist. He twisted sideways, reaching for the wall to stop them both from falling on the floor.
Someone cleared their throat. 
Mia froze. Her eyes widened as she looked past his ear. “This is bad,” she groaned.
Stan tightened his hold on her bottom. “How bad?”
“About as bad as it can get.” She wiggled her legs and slid down his body.
Seven pairs of eyes were staring at them.
Mia stepped in front of Stan and cleared her throat. “Happy Thanksgiving, everyone,” she croaked.
No one said a word.
Nick’s eyebrows slammed down. “Mia? Is there something you would like to tell your pappouli?”
Eileen dropped a plate of pancakes onto the table. She glanced at her children, then at Nick. “Perhaps Mia should leave her explanation for later, Nick.”
Just when she thought things couldn’t get worse, the kitchen door burst open. 
“I’ve found a helmet for Mia. It should be big enough.” Mark looked around the silent kitchen and frowned. “What’s happened?”
Wyatt grinned. “Uncle Stan kissed Mia. On the mouth.”
Charlotte and Olivia giggled.
“It was gross.” Max added a gagging sound for extra effect. 
Annabelle frowned. “Does this mean you’re getting married?”
A sinking feeling hit Mia’s stomach and stayed there. 
Annabelle looked confused and it was all Mia’s fault. If she hadn’t kissed Stan, none of this would have happened. Eileen and her children wouldn’t be staring at them as if they were aliens and her granddad wouldn’t be looking at her as if she’d wiped dirty feet on the Costas family name.
The only person who looked amused was Mark.
Stan held Mia’s hand. “What would you think if Mia was my girlfriend, Annabelle?”
“I already thought she was.” Annabelle’s confusion deepened. “You’ve never brought anyone to Uncle Mark’s house before. I thought Mia was special, that you wanted to make her part of our family.”
“Mia is special, but we—”
Mia squeezed Stan’s hand, hoping he realized how upset Annabelle was becoming. “We could talk to Annabelle together.”
Stan looked at his daughter, then at Mia. “It’s probably better if I talk to her alone. We’ll find you as soon as we’re done.”
At any other time, Mia would have appreciated Stan talking to Annabelle. But right now, she was as confused as his daughter. She had no idea what was happening between them or even if their scorching hot kiss had meant anything to him.
Eileen handed her an empty plate. “Come and join us. The pancakes are still warm.” With calm efficiency, she asked Olivia to pass Mia the maple syrup and Max to take the last rashers of bacon out of the oven.
Before Mia had gathered enough courage to look at Nick, Stan walked out of the kitchen with an unhappy-looking daughter. 
She had a feeling that the Lewis family would remember this Thanksgiving Day for many years to come. They might even laugh about it if their children weren’t traumatized for life. 
It was just a pity that her granddad couldn’t see the funny side of what had happened. But Greek men, Mia knew, took the reputation of their granddaughters very seriously. If Nick thought she’d been compromised in any way, he would be having a very serious conversation with Stan. And there were only two words to describe how that would end. In disaster.
CHAPTER TWELVE
Stan waited for Annabelle on the porch. Talking to her about Mia wasn’t something he’d planned on doing today, but he only had himself to blame.
Kissing seemed too pure a word for what had happened in the kitchen. He’d wanted Mia with a force that derailed his brain cells and left him gasping for air. And now he had to face the consequences.
Annabelle stopped a few feet away. With her arms crossed and a scowl plastered across her face, she looked like this was the last conversation she wanted to be having, too.
“I’m sorry, Annabelle. I didn’t know anyone was in the kitchen.”
Her eyes narrowed. “You kissed Mia. On the mouth.”
His heart hammered as he remembered just how hot that kiss had been. “I did.” 
He was grateful she hadn’t mentioned Mia’s legs wrapped around his waist or the way he’d held her against his body.
“I thought Mia was already your girlfriend.”
Stan hung his head in shame. He should have spoken to Annabelle sooner. “Mia and I have been working together on the gala for the neonatal unit. We met all the time because we had a lot of things to talk about.”
“But we visited Mr. Costas in his gallery. We had butter cookies and hot chocolate.”
“Mia knows you like painting and so does Nick. He wanted you to see the exhibitions. It wasn’t because Mia was my girlfriend.”
Annabelle looked over her shoulder at the wooden swing. “I heard you talking to Mr. Sullivan. He said you needed a girlfriend. I thought you’d chosen Mia.” 
When she sat on the swing, Stan joined her. “Asking someone to be your girlfriend is a big step. They have to want you to be their boyfriend.”
“Stacey, my friend from school, had a boyfriend. But he dumped her two days ago.”
He wasn’t sure what to say. “Didn’t they like each other?”
“He said Stacey was too clingy. She used to follow him everywhere.”
Stan scratched his head. “How would you feel if Mia came with us to different things?”
“What if she thought we were too clingy?”
“We could talk to her and find out what she would like to do.”
“What if she doesn’t like us?” Annabelle asked softly.
Stan wondered if that was the reason he hadn’t asked Mia on a real date. He wanted her to like them, to be part of their lives. But he was afraid of losing something that he didn’t have the courage to start.
“Mia likes us, Annabelle. But sometimes, being someone’s friend is better than being their boyfriend or anything else.”
“Is that why you kissed her? Because you want to be her boyfriend?”
Heat hit Stan’s face. “Yes, but boys don’t usually kiss girls like that.” He watched Annabelle to make sure she’d heard him. If any boy held her like that, he’d chase them out of town.
Annabelle’s eyebrows rose. “How do they kiss?”
“On the cheek,” Stan mumbled. 
She patted his hand. “It’s okay, dad. We’ve been learning about puberty and babies and things at school. Mr. Pointon said some parents have a hard time explaining everything to their kids.”
Stan didn’t know what was worse; talking to his daughter about kissing or knowing she probably knew more than he did at the same age. “How would you feel if Mia was my girlfriend?”
Annabelle looked down at her hands. “It would be better if she was my mom.”
He pulled her against his chest and held on tight. “Maybe one day. But for now, we could be friends with Mia.”
Annabelle’s shoulders rose and fell as she took a deep breath. “Okay. Would you mind if I don’t go on the snowmobile?”
Stan kissed the top of her head. “Of course I don’t mind. You could stay here with Nick and Auntie Eileen. Is everything okay?”
“I feel tired, that’s all.”
He placed his hand on her forehead. “You’ve got a temperature. I’ll get some Tylenol out of my truck. If you’d like a cup of hot chocolate, I could make you one before I leave.”
Annabelle shook her head. “I don’t want anything to drink, but you could make me one later.”
“It’s a deal.” Stan pulled Annabelle to her feet. “Do you want to rest on the sofa or in bed?”
“Bed.”
Stan wrapped his arm around her shoulders and walked inside. He wasn’t sure if he’d said everything that needed to be said, but at least they had talked. 
After he found some pain relief for Annabelle, he would talk to Mia. This wasn’t the Thanksgiving Day anyone had planned, but at least they were together.

***
Mia didn’t have to wait long for her granddad to say what was on his mind. As soon as he asked to speak to her in the dining room, she knew she was in trouble. 
“A young Greek woman does not act like that,” he fumed. “You are a Costas.”
“I’m not a teenager, granddad.” She knew she shouldn’t have jumped on Stan, but her brain had stopped working when his mouth landed on hers.
“You should act like an adult, then. There were six children in the kitchen. Six! I do not know what Annabelle thought. She is a young girl. Impressionable. You do not act with such wild abandonment unless you are married.”
Mia straightened her spine. “I made a mistake. I’ll apologize to Eileen and Mark.”
“How do you explain your behavior to the children?”
“If we don’t make a big deal of it, neither will they.”
Nick shook his head. “What has become of you, Mia?”
She took a deep breath and sat down. “I’ve grown up. I’m sorry I disappointed you.”
Sitting beside her, Nick patted her hand. “You have not disappointed me. I am angry, yes. But I am Greek. What about Stan? Does he feel the same way?”
An uneasy suspicion made her peer at her grandfather. “We aren’t getting married, granddad.”
“He asked Annabelle if she was happy for you to be his girlfriend. That is one step away from marriage. A man of Stan’s age does not waste his emotions on the first person who comes along. Especially if he has a daughter.”
“Stan isn’t that old.”
“He is old enough to know better.”
There was no point disagreeing with Nick. He had grown up in a traditional Greek household with four sisters who worshiped him. 
“What do you think about Stan?” she asked.
Nick’s eyes narrowed. “You want to know what I think of a man who would compromise my granddaughter?”
“He didn’t compromise me. We had our clothes on!”
Nick slapped his hand against his forehead. “I cannot believe you would speak this way. Did I not raise you to be a lady?”
“I am a lady.” Mia pulled out a chair and sat at the table. “I don’t know what to do, granddad.”
Nick muttered a string a Greek words. “When I was a young man, my sisters would ask me, ‘What do I do, Nickos? I like this boy, but I don’t know if he likes me.’ What did I know? I had never been in love until I met your grandmother. For me, there was no other. So I told them I could not answer their question. This is the answer I will give you, too. You are your own person, Mia. What I think of Stan does not matter. It is what is in your heart that is important.” 
“What if I don’t know what’s in my heart?”
“Then it is up to you to find out. Your pappouli loves you. If Stan is the right man for you, you will know.”
Mia dropped her head into her hands. “I don’t want to fall in love.”
“What makes you say this?”
“I want to be a successful artist. I can’t do that if I’m worried that I’m not spending enough time with someone.”
“Do not let your art consume you, my darling. Set boundaries. Do not fall into a life that is not healthy. Love is too important to be pushed to one side.”
Mia took a deep breath. “Why didn’t mom ever exhibit her work? She was so talented.”
“Your mother worried about the same things you do. Her choice was to spend as much time as she could with you. Her painting…that always was less important than her family.”
“You used to argue all the time.”
“I was wrong.” Nick’s eyes filled with tears. “I wanted so badly to see my little girl exhibit in my gallery. But she wouldn’t consider even a small exhibition. I was stubborn and your mother was like me. If your grandmother had been alive she would have told me I was an old fool, but that is another story. In the end, I lost my little girl before I could tell her I was sorry.”
Mia wrapped her arms around her grandfather’s shoulders. “Mom knew you loved her.”
Nick kissed her cheek. “That is my one wish. You cannot take back time, Mia. Make the most of every minute, but not at the expense of the people who love you.”
“I love you, granddad.”
“That is good, because I love you, too.” Nick wiped his eyes and sat taller in his seat. “Now, it is time I spoke to Stan.”
Mia’s eyes shot open. “No! Absolutely, positively, not. You cannot speak to him, granddad.”
Any softness in Nick’s face was replaced by fierce pride. “He will answer my questions or he is not the man I believe he could be.” With the speed of someone half his age, Nick left the dining room.
She didn’t know where Stan had gone, but she hoped it was as far away as possible from the house. When her grandfather had something on his mind, no one was safe.

***
Stan quietly closed Annabelle’s door. He hoped she was able to get some sleep. It wasn’t like her to be so tired, but she hadn’t been sleeping well for the last week. He’d put it down to the excitement of her exhibition at school, but that was over and she still wasn’t feeling herself.
Mark grabbed Stan’s elbow and pulled him into Max and Wyatt’s room. “Is Annabelle all right?” 
“She’s tired. I think she’s got a virus.”
“She could have caught it off Olivia. She was off her food last week and feeling sleepy.”
Stan looked at the model airplanes hanging from the ceiling and the purple dinosaur blankets on the beds. “What are we doing in here?”
Mark held his finger to his lips before closing the door. “Mia’s grandfather is looking for you.”
“I don’t blame him. I guess he’s not happy that he saw Mia and me kissing.”
“Is that what you call it? Last time I checked, you weren’t even interested in dating anyone. Now look at you.”
Stan scowled at his brother. “There’s nothing to look at.”
“There was about twenty minutes ago. The kids are still talking about it. It’s just as well they’re easily distracted by Eileen’s pancakes.”
Stan pushed past his brother. “If you’ve finished your comedy act, I’ll find Nick. The sooner we talk, the better it will be.”
Mark held onto his arm. “Not so fast. Mia doesn’t want you to talk to him. Not yet, anyway.”
“Why?”
“She said something about Nick being Greek. He needs time to cool off.”
“I’ve lived with you, remember. Most of the time you’re the most laid-back excuse for a human being I’ve met. But Nick has got nothing on you when you’re annoyed about something.”
Mark sniffed. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Stan reached for the door handle. “Sure you do. I’ll leave you to think about it.” He stopped in the doorway, turning to where Annabelle was sleeping. “Keep an eye on Annabelle while I’m talking to Nick. Wherever he’s gone, we won’t be far away if you need me.”
“Are you sure you know what you’re doing?”
“Of course I’m sure. What could go wrong?”
“More than you think,” Mark muttered. “If Nick brought a shotgun with him, I’m not going to be your best man.”
“Very funny. Do you know where he went?”
Mark pointed outside. “Last I saw, he was heading toward the barn.”
Stan left Mark standing under the airplanes and walked downstairs. Talking to Mia would have to wait.

***
Stan didn’t have to go far to find Nick. By the time he’d pulled on his boots, Mia’s grandfather was halfway back to the house. They stood in the middle of the front yard, staring at each other like two roosters in the same hen house.
“I’m sorry about kissing Mia in front of you,” Stan eventually said. 
Nick’s lips thinned. “That is your apology?”
Stan stuck his hands on his hips. “I’m not sorry for kissing her. I like her.”
From the thunderous scowl on Nick’s face, that wasn’t the right thing to have said.
“You care about my little girl? A man who wraps Mia around his waist had better feel a lot more than that or you will have me to answer to.”
Stan was beginning to think his brother might have been right. He kept a careful eye on Nick, making sure he didn’t have any surprises under his jacket—things like a marriage license and a hotline to the local priest.
He knew he was taking his life in his hands, but yelling at each across the front yard wasn’t achieving anything. Stan stepped closer to Nick, dropping his voice so that the rest of his family couldn’t hear what was being said. “I didn’t mean to put Mia in an embarrassing position.” He clamped his lips shut when he realized what he’d said. “I didn’t mean to put her in any position.”
Nick relaxed slightly. “What are your intentions toward my granddaughter?”
Stan started to say he didn’t know, but Nick didn’t seem to be the type of person who took much notice of ‘don’t knows’. “I’d like to be her boyfriend and spend more time with her.” 
After the sizzling kiss they’d shared, a first date seemed like taking ten steps backward. But they had to start somewhere and that seemed like a good place, especially with Nick scowling at him. The worst thing about this entire mess was that he had no idea how Mia felt.
“A wise man would be careful about what happened when he spent more time with my granddaughter.”
Stan nodded. “I understand.”
“You will respect, Mia. You will give her time to get to know you. She has a fragile heart that can break easily.”
Mia wasn’t the only person with a fragile heart. “I’ll do that.”
Nick sent him another ominous scowl. “I will be watching you, Stan Lewis. My Mia means the world to me. I am getting older, but I have lived a full life. If you hurt Mia, you hurt me.” He held out his hand. “In all of this, make sure Annabelle is happy, too. I take my role of honorary grandpa very seriously.”
Stan’s heart pounded. “I’ll do my best.” He shook Nick’s hand in a firm grip. He hoped Nick knew how much he meant those words. He would do everything he could to make sure Mia and Annabelle were happy.
The front door of the house flew open. 
Mark rushed toward them. “Stan! It’s Annabelle. She’s really sick.”
He stared at his brother, shock paralyzing his brain before years of training kicked in. He ran across the yard, slipping on the ice and snow. “Get my medical bag out of my truck. Has someone called 9-1-1?”
“The paramedics are too far away. They’re sending a helicopter from Billings.”
“Helicopter?” 
“She’s turning blue.” 
Oh, God. He sprinted up the porch stairs and into the house. He should have known that Annabelle’s tiredness and temperature had nothing to do with a cold. It was her heart and he prayed they weren’t too late.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Stan ran up the staircase. When he reached Annabelle’s room, he grabbed hold of the doorframe and took a deep breath. He needed to calm down, treat Annabelle like any other patient.
As soon as he saw her, his heart plummeted. “It’s okay, kiddo. I’m here.” 
Annabelle’s eyes stayed closed. 
Her breathing was almost non-existent. Where was Mark? If he had any chance of helping his daughter, he needed what was in his medical bag.
Eileen passed Mia another washcloth. “We’re trying to reduce her temperature. The 9-1-1 operator is on the phone with me. The helicopter is five minutes away.”
“Thanks, Eileen.” He held Annabelle’s wrist. Her pulse was weak and erratic. “I need to check her skin.”
Mia helped him move Annabelle’s T-shirt above her chest. “What are you looking for?”
“Small, purplish, red spots.” While Stan checked her stomach and chest, Mia peered at her back. 
“Like this?” She stood back while Stan looked at what she’d found.
He pulled down Annabelle’s T-shirt and gently laid her on the bed.
“I’ve got it,” Mark gasped from behind him.
Stan grabbed the bag and took out his stethoscope. He listened intently to Annabelle’s heart, dropping his chin to his chest when he heard a clear crackle. 
Tears blurred his vision as he checked her legs, arms, and belly. There wasn’t any swelling, not yet. He squeezed her hand, letting her know he was still there. “It’s going to be all right, Annabelle. A helicopter will take us to the hospital. We’ll have you back on the ranch in no time.”
He held her fingers in the palm of his hand and checked her nails. Small, dark lines splintered across her cuticle, confirming what he suspected was happening. Annabelle had somehow developed Infective Endocarditis. It was an infection caused by bacteria entering the bloodstream and settling in the lining of the heart.
If left untreated, she would go into heart failure and die.
Eileen ran toward the window with her cell phone to her ear. “They’re here.”
Stan threw his stethoscope into his bag. “I’ll carry Annabelle downstairs. The paramedics can use a stretcher from there. Can you bring my bag, Mark?”
He didn’t wait for his brother’s answer. As gently as he could, he lifted Annabelle into his arms. Eileen ran ahead to make sure the other children didn’t go outside and Mia guided him down the stairs.
By the time he reached the front door, the paramedics were waiting for him. 
“I’m Doctor Stan Lewis and this is Annabelle, my eleven-year-old daughter.” While they strapped Annabelle onto the stretcher, he told them she’d been born with a hole in her heart and had needed surgery when she was two days old. He gave them his diagnosis of what was happening, hoping it helped the medical team waiting for them.
With Nick and Mark’s help, they carefully carried Annabelle across the frozen ground.
As soon as the stretcher was in the helicopter, Mark wrapped him in a fierce hug. “Are you okay?”
Stan shook his head.
“Annabelle’s strong,” Mark said. “The hospital in Billings has one of the best trauma centers in Montana.”
“I couldn’t bear to lose her.” Stan’s voice broke and his world started to crumble.
Tears filled Mark’s eyes. “Be strong. We’ll meet you at the hospital as soon as we can.” 
“We’re ready to leave, Doctor Lewis,” the paramedic said. “Your medical bag is beside your daughter.”
Stan followed him into the helicopter. He sat down and looked for Mia. She was standing with Nick, her pale face reflecting the shock he was feeling. The door closed and before his seatbelt was clicked into place, they were in the air.
He silently watched the paramedic assess Annabelle, then turned to see his brother’s ranch disappear over the horizon. 
With trembling hands, he wiped the tears from his eyes. He hadn’t prayed in a long time. But today, sitting in the back of the helicopter with Annabelle, his heart was at breaking point. If he lost his little girl, he didn’t know what he would do. 
So he closed his eyes, imagined Sandra beside him, holding his hand, being their rock that would guide them through the next few days. The ache in his chest became bearable and warmth filled his body. Taking a deep breath, he poured his deepest, darkest, fears into the space between heaven and earth, hoping someone was listening. 
Because whatever happened next was out of his control.

***
Mia sighed when Mark pulled into a parking space at Billings Clinic Hospital. The thirty-minute journey seemed to take forever. Mark had tried reassuring them, but nothing he said had lifted the silence inside the truck. 
She held her grandfather’s arm as they walked toward the sprawling hospital. “This is bigger than I thought.”
“A lot of people say the same thing.” Mark pointed to the entrance. “Head that way. The hospital is a Level III Trauma Center. If you need emergency medical care, this is where you want to be.”
“How many times have you been here?” Mia asked.
“Too many to count. We need to go to the second floor.” 
They walked past the main reception desk and headed toward the elevators. 
Mark pressed one of the buttons and they waited. “Stan’s meeting us outside the Intensive Care Unit. It won’t be long now.” He glanced at Nick. “How are you feeling?”
“I am fine. It is Annabelle I am most concerned about. Has Stan sent another update?”
Mark checked his phone. “No, but we’ll see him soon.”
They stepped into the elevator with another group of people, jostling to the back so that everyone could fit.
Mia looked at Mark. He was leaning against the back wall with his eyes closed. After what had happened, he must be feeling every bit as distraught as his brother. 
She touched his arm.
Mark opened his eyes, staring at her with the same questioning look that Stan often did. 
“How are you feeling?” she asked.
“I’ve been better.”
The elevator pinged. Someone held open the door while they maneuvered around everyone to get out. 
Mia and Nick followed Mark toward a wide corridor. Their footsteps echoed on the vinyl floor, sending chills down her spine. She remembered walking down another corridor, in another hospital, praying that her dad would come home with her.
Mark opened another door and rushed toward Stan. “How is she?”
Stan hugged his brother. “The cardiologist and infectious disease specialist have been reviewing her scans and blood cultures. They’re prepping her for her first infusion of antibiotics. I need to go back inside.”
He stood in front of Mia and hugged her tight. “Thank you for coming.”
His whispered words brought tears to her eyes. She knew how hard this must be for him. “We’ll wait here.”
Nick patted Stan’s shoulder. “We are all wishing Annabelle the best. Go and see her. We are here for both of you.”
“I’ll be back as soon as I can.” 
The door into the Intensive Care Unit closed. Mia waited a few minutes before looking around. There was a room on the right-hand side that looked like a visitors’ waiting room. “Do you think we can we sit in there?”
Mark pulled out his cell phone. “I can’t see why not. I need to let Eileen know what’s happening, but I can’t use my cell phone on this floor. I’ll be back in a couple minutes.”
Mia walked into the spacious room. Big, comfy sofas, a cluster of single chairs, and a table full of magazines filled the room. She chose a seat overlooking the parking lot, hoping the movement of traffic would distract her thoughts. 
Nick sat beside her, holding her hand. “It is like another time, is it not?”
Tears fell down Mia’s face. “Except this time, everything is going to be all right.”
Nick’s fingers tightened on hers. “That is what we all want to happen.”

***
Mia opened her eyes, frowning at the noise coming from the corridor. She looked at her watch and yawned. It was two o’clock in the morning.
Nick and Mark had left the hospital three hours ago. They’d driven back to the ranch to make sure Eileen and the children were okay. Stan thought she’d left with them, but at the last minute, she’d changed her mind. She didn’t want to be too far away in case anything happened.
Before Mark and Nick left, Annabelle was stable and the antibiotics the doctors were giving her seemed to be working. 
The fluorescent lights flicked on. 
She held her hands over her eyes, shielding herself from the blinding white light.
“Oops, sorry,” a woman said. “We didn’t realize anyone was in here.”
Mia stared at the man and woman, blinking her eyes to make sure she wasn’t dreaming. They looked like they’d stepped out of a scene from a fairy tale. The woman was wearing a floor-length, deep blue dress with enough sparkly sequins to light a Christmas tree. The man had tight blue breeches, a red waistcoat, and a shirt with big puffy sleeves.
The woman looked at their clothes. “We’ve been to a Thanksgiving Day party. My sister…” She held her hands to her face and burst into tears.
The man pulled her into his chest. “Laurel’s sister was involved in a car accident. She’s in ICU.”
Mia swallowed. “I’m sorry. Would you like me to get you something to drink? There’s a coffee machine farther along the corridor.”
The man shook his head. “I’ll get something soon. I left my wallet in the car.”
“It doesn’t cost anything,” Mia said quickly. “I’m happy to help.”
The man hugged the woman in his arms. “That would be great. I’m Paul.”
“Hi, Paul. I’m Mia. I’ll be back soon.” She left, glad to have something to do. Even though a nurse had given her a pillow and a blanket, she hadn’t been able to sleep. 
She stopped and frowned at the man sitting in the corridor. 
“Stan?”
He looked up, just as confused as she’d been. “Mia? I thought you went home with Mark and Nick.”
“I changed my mind. I couldn’t leave you here alone. How’s Annabelle?”
“She’s okay. Her temperature is down and she’s not as restless as she was yesterday. I thought I’d leave the ward for a few minutes while she sleeps.”
He looked exhausted. Deep lines were etched into each side of his mouth and his skin was as pale as the wall behind him. “Have you been able to get any sleep?”
“I closed my eyes for a few minutes, but I can’t sleep.”
She kissed his cheek. “I’ll be back in a minute. I’m making coffee for some people in the visitors’ room.”
“I’ll help you.”
They walked silently down the corridor. Mia filled two mugs with black coffee and Stan grabbed a handful of creamers, sugar, and plastic spoons.
By the time they arrived back at the visitors’ room, Laurel wasn’t crying.
“Here you go,” Mia said as she handed Paul the drinks. “If you need refills, turn right out of this room and keep walking. You can’t miss the coffee machine.” 
Laurel smiled. “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.” Mia led Stan out of the room. “Your brother gave me strict instructions before he left.”
“He did?”
Mia nodded, glad to see something other than bone-deep grief in Stan’s eyes. “He wants me to make sure you have something to eat. Have you eaten anything since breakfast?” 
Stan shook his head. “No.”
Mia forced herself to smile. “Well, it’s just as well I like exploring. I found a café that sells the most delicious mac and cheese on the planet. If you let the nurse know we’ll be gone for ten minutes, I’ll buy you some.”
Stan looked anxiously over his shoulder. The sign above the doors to the Intensive Care Unit glowed against the white walls. “I can’t leave. Annabelle might need me.”
“You could check to make sure she’s still sleeping? We’ll only be a few minutes.” Mia held his hand. She knew what it was like to make decisions when you were tired and overwhelmed. “It will be okay. You need to keep up your strength for Annabelle.”
His hand tightened around hers. “Okay. But we can’t be gone for too long.” He stepped toward the ward. “Are you coming?”
“To see Annabelle?”
He nodded.
Mia swallowed, fighting the nausea that welled inside her. “Okay.”
Stan didn’t move. “Are you all right?”
“I haven’t been inside an Intensive Care Unit since dad died.”
“I wondered why you didn’t visit Annabelle yesterday. You can stay here, if it’s easier.”
Mia lifted her chin. When she’d been alone in the visitors’ room, she’d thought about her life, about the years since her parents had died. She’d spent too much time worrying about things that weren’t important. Too much time worrying about what other people thought. She needed to live her life on her own terms, not someone else’s. 
She smoothed out the wrinkles in her T-shirt and pushed her hair behind her ears. “It’s time I faced my fears. Besides, I’d love to see Annabelle.”
Stan sent her a tired smile. “There aren’t many machines around her. But the nurses have inserted a PICC line into one of Annabelle’s arms and a catheter into the other.”
“What do they do?”
“The PICC line is connected to a bag of antibiotics that travels into her bloodstream. The nurses use the catheter when they want to draw a blood sample or give her other drugs. By the time she goes home, Annabelle won’t need the catheter, but the PICC line will stay until she’s finished her treatment. Are you ready to see her?”
Mia nodded. Stan opened the door, pointing toward the sanitizer on the wall. She squirted the clear liquid onto her hand, listening to the sounds of the machines saving people’s lives. 
When she was ten years old, the hiss of the ventilator had been the worst. It was the one machine her dad couldn’t do without. The first machine the doctors had silenced.
She felt Stan’s arm around her waist. 
“This way,” he whispered.
She walked beside him, looking straight ahead so that she didn’t invade what little privacy anyone had in an ICU ward.
Annabelle was in her own room beside the nurses’ station. She looked so peaceful that it was hard to imagine the struggle her body was going through.
As Stan moved closer to his daughter, Mia sat on the edge of a chair. She looked around the room, at the bag of antibiotics hanging from a pole, the machine monitoring her heart rate, blood pressure, and oxygen levels. 
It was all so familiar, yet different. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes. The smell of the antiseptic rolled inside her stomach. She clenched her jaw, willing herself to take one more breath, to release too many years of grief for something no one could have changed.
When she opened her eyes, Stan was watching her. She brushed the tears off her face and focused on Annabelle. She had such a long way to go before she was well again. The doctors would be doing more tests to see if her heart valves had been damaged by the infection. If they had, she would need surgery. But if the tests showed that everything was okay, Annabelle could be home in another week. For five more weeks, she would be given intravenous antibiotics. She would have to be careful, but there was nothing Annabelle and Stan couldn’t handle once they got through the next few days.
Stan walked around the bed. “Let’s go,” he whispered. 
On their way out of the ward, he stopped at the nurse’s station and told the staff he would be back soon.
Mia kept her gaze on the doors to the corridor. Halfway across the room she realized why. It wasn’t because she was worried about intruding on other people’s lives. It was because she was scared of seeing someone who reminded her of her dad. 
It had been twenty years since she’d said goodbye to her parents, but in all that time, she hadn’t been able to let them go.

***
Mia stepped into the elevator and pushed the button for the third floor. “I found the café after granddad and Mark left. I went downstairs to say goodbye and when I came back, I stopped on the wrong floor.”
“You got lost?”
“You’re only lost when you can’t find your way back. I prefer to think of it as a slight detour.”
The metal doors slid open. Mia stepped into an open space that looked exactly like the second floor. “The café’s down here.”
Stan followed her along an empty corridor. According to the directional signs, they were heading toward the cardiovascular department. “Are you sure you’ve got the right floor?”
Mia’s grin made him almost smile. “Trust me. I know what I’m doing.”
“Aren’t you the same person who gets lost in supermarket parking lots?”
“Only when I’m distracted.” She pointed to a corridor. “Down there. It’s so out of the way that I’m surprised anyone eats here.”
“Assuming that we aren’t lost, will the café be open at—” he looked at his watch, “two-thirty in the morning?”
“They’re open twenty-four hours a day, but after eleven o’clock they have a limited menu. I think it’s mostly for the staff, but anyone can eat there.” She pointed to another sign. “Look. The Big Catch. That’s the name of the café.”
He walked into the brightly lit room, surprised to see other people eating. “I thought we would be the only ones here.”
“So did I, but it makes you feel less lonely when you see someone else.” Mia handed him a tray. “I’m buying dinner, or breakfast, or whatever you want to call it.”
“I’m so tired that I don’t care what meal it is. What are our options?”
Mia peered at the blackboard menu behind the counter. “Mac and cheese, pizza, chicken nuggets, and beef pot pie. If you missed my recommendation the first time, the mac and cheese is awesome.”
“You wouldn’t be addicted to your favorite meal would you?”
“Only a little, but there are worse things to crave.” She smiled at a man standing behind the counter.
“Twice in one night?” he said. “You must have really liked my mac and cheese.”
“I loved your mac and cheese. This is my friend, Stan Lewis. He hasn’t eaten since breakfast yesterday.”
“What can I get you, Stan?”
He didn’t have to think too hard. “I’ll take the mac and cheese and a coffee.”
“Make that two,” Mia said. “I’ll have a diet soda and a loaf of garlic bread, too, please.” 
The man behind the counter gave them a number. “Leave your trays with me. I’ll be over soon with your order.”
Mia held Stan’s arm. “Let’s sit in a booth by the window.”
Not long after they were seated, their server brought their drinks and garlic bread to the table. “The mac and cheese is five minutes away.”
“Thanks,” Mia said. “Five minutes is perfect.” She cut the loaf of bread in half and passed the plate to Stan. “Try this.”
“Don’t tell me. It’s the best garlic bread you’ve ever tasted?”
“Not quite, but it’s a close second.” She rubbed the scar on her hand. “Can we talk business for a moment?”
Stan didn’t care what they talked about. Just being with Mia made him feel better. “What business do you want to discuss?”
“I called Hannah and Claire last night. If you’re happy for them to help, they’re able to organize the rest of the gala for the neonatal unit. When I’m back in Bozeman, I’ll give them a hand before I leave for San Francisco. What do you think?”
“I think that’s a very generous offer. Are you sure they’ve got the time?”
“They’re making the time. Because of our super-duper organizational skills, there isn’t a lot to do until the actual night. Do you have someone who can help Gina while you’re not at work?”
“I contacted the person who manages the hospital when I’m not there. She’s happy to help.”
“That’s great.” Mia bit into a piece of garlic bread and pushed his plate closer. “Try some.”
Stan took a slice. Mia might look sweet, but behind her clear blue eyes and innocent smile was one of the most determined women he’d ever met. 
He bit into the bread and sighed. “You’re right. It’s good.”
By the time they’d finished their first slices of bread, the rest of their order arrived. 
Mia watched Stan as she sipped her soda. “Tell me what you think of the mac and cheese.”
He dipped his fork into the pasta. It looked and smelled better than he thought it would. He put some in his mouth. “It’s delicious.”
Mia picked up her fork. “I told you it was good.”
He bit into another slice of garlic bread. “So is this. You said this is the second-best garlic bread you’ve ever tasted. Who makes the best garlic bread?”
Mia’s smile disappeared. “My mom did. Dad used to say it was better than anything he’d ever tasted.”
“You don’t talk about your mom and dad very much.”
Mia looked at her hand. “I know. I was thinking about my parents after Nick and Mark went home.” Her eyes filled with tears. “I’ve bottled up so much in my life. Annabelle asked me ages ago why I paint. I told her it’s because I like how my paintings make other people feel. But that wasn’t entirely true.”
“What is the truth?”
“I need to paint because it’s the only way I’ve learned to deal with my emotions. When I paint, I can be angry or sad or disappointed. I transfer those feelings onto my canvas and don’t have to deal with them in real life.”
“Maybe you are dealing with them, just in a different way from most people.”
Mia’s eyes deepened to the color of a stormy sky. “It was my fault.”
“What was your fault?”
She left her fork on the table. “That my parents died,” she whispered.
Stan was confused. “They died in a car accident.”
She clenched her fist around her scar. “On the day they died, I went to my friend Penny’s house after school. She had a new puppy and I wanted to see it. Mom didn’t know where I was and when I called her, she was upset with me. I asked if I could have a sleepover. She wanted me to come home, but I pleaded with her. In the end, I stayed at Penny’s.”
Mia’s eyes filled with tears. “We decided to do some cooking. Mom never let me cook with oil. She said it was too dangerous. For some reason, I wanted to make hot fries. It was nearly eleven o’clock at night and everyone was asleep. I burned my hand with the oil. Penny’s parents called mom and dad. They were coming to the hospital to see me when a drunk driver hit them. If I’d gone home when mom told me or not made the fries, they wouldn’t have died.” She wiped her face with her hands. “You’re the first person I’ve ever told.”
Stan wrapped his arm around her shoulders. “I know it’s hard for you to believe, but it wasn’t your fault they died.”
“I didn’t listen to mom. As soon as I burned my hand, I knew I was going to be in trouble.” Mia turned into his shoulder, holding him as more tears fell down her face. 
He pulled her into a hug. He knew what it felt like to live your life with regrets. All he could do was be there for her, offer what little comfort he could. 
When she finished crying, she reached for the wad of tissues their server had left on their table. “I’m sorry. You’ve got enough to worry about without me crying on your shoulder.”
“I shouldn’t have asked about your parents.”
She shook her head. “No. It’s okay. I need to talk about them more often.” She wiped her eyes. “It’s just hard to speak about them when I’m tired. I tend to get emotional when I haven’t had a lot of sleep.”
“If it’s any consolation, you’re not the only person who blames themselves for things they can’t change. For a long time, I blamed myself for not realizing Sandra had cancer. Guilt can eat you alive, Mia.”
“Why did you feel guilty?”
“I’m a doctor. Sandra had been tired for months, losing weight, and complaining of sore shoulders. I thought she’d been exercising too much, taking on too much responsibility at a new mothers’ support group she’d joined. It wasn’t until she found a lump under her armpit that we realized it could be more serious.”
“How old was Sandra?”
“She was twenty-five when she was diagnosed with stage four breast cancer. It had metastasized and spread to her spine, liver, and brain. She died seven months later.” 
“I’m sorry.”
Tears filled his eyes. “I don’t know what I’ll do if Annabelle dies.”
Mia knelt on the bench seat, holding his face between her hands. “She’s not going to die. She’s responding really well to the antibiotics. You said yourself that the doctors are happy with her progress.”
“She’s still got a long way to go. If the valves of her heart have been affected, she’ll need surgery.” His voice broke. “She could still die.”
Mia held him in her arms. “Annabelle’s in the best place to fight the infection. She’s strong, Stan. If anyone can pull through this, she can.”
For the first time since he’d left his brother’s ranch, he cried. He cried for Annabelle, for his wife, and for all the times he’d pushed his feelings aside so that he could simply survive. He hugged Mia close, wanting so much more for himself and Annabelle. 
When the worst of his tears were gone, he took a deep, shuddering, breath. “Thank you.”
Mia kissed the side of his face. “You’re welcome. Our server brought us more tissues.” 
He took the tissues from Mia, smiling through the last of his tears. “We might have to tell him that it wasn’t his mac and cheese that made us cry.”
“I think he already knows,” Mia whispered. “When I was here earlier, another person was crying. I guess it comes with being in a hospital.”
Stan wrapped a strand of Mia’s hair over her ear. “What did I do to deserve a friend like you?”
“I was thinking the same thing. Maybe we were supposed to meet all along. It just took a while to find each other.”
He looked into her eyes, searching for something that he didn’t know if he deserved. “What do you want to do now that we’ve found each other?”
Mia’s smile brought more tears to his eyes. “We could see if you’re ready for a girlfriend who loves mac and cheese?”
“I’d like that.” He leaned forward and gently kissed her. “Thank you for staying at the hospital.” 
“I couldn’t imagine being anywhere else. Are you ready to go and see Annabelle?”
“I am.” Stan kissed her once more before they left the table. He didn’t know what the next few days would bring, but whatever happened, he wouldn’t have to face it on his own.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
“Hi, granddad.”
Nick lowered her suitcase to the floor and gave Mia a hug. She held on tight, needing his strength more than ever.
“How is Annabelle?” Nick asked. “Is she better?”
“She’s much better than when you left last night. Her temperature is down and she’s not as restless. Did you manage to get any sleep?”
“A little.” Nick held her arm as they walked toward one of the sofas in the visitors’ room. “How is Stan?”
“He’s okay. He managed to get a couple of hours’ sleep this morning.”
“And you?”
“Not much. I stayed with Annabelle while Stan slept.”
“That is good.” Nick patted her hand. “Mark will be here soon. I drove Stan’s truck into town to give him his own transport.”
“You drove it?
“Don’t look so shocked. I know how to drive.”
Mia couldn’t imagine her granddad behind the wheel of Stan’s big truck. He always drove imported European cars, the kind that felt as though you were driving on a cloud.
The door to the visitors’ room opened and Mark walked toward them. “Hi, Mia. How was your night?”
“I didn’t sleep, but at least Annabelle’s getting better.”
“I saw Stan in the corridor. Thanks for making sure he ate something.”
Mia sighed. “I think he enjoyed the break from the Intensive Care Unit as much as anything. How are Eileen and the children?”
“Worried about Annabelle.” Mark swung a backpack off his shoulder. “Eileen spent most of the night baking. There’s enough food in here to last three days.” 
“She didn’t need to do that.”
Mark smiled. “It’s her way of helping.” He handed Mia a small lunch box. “She said to give you this for breakfast. They’re her homemade granola bars. They’re full of dried apricots, cranberries, and walnuts.”
“They sound delicious.”
“They are.” He pulled out a juice box and left it on the coffee table. “There’s a lot of sugar in here, but we figured you’d need the energy.”
“Thank you.”
Nick leaned forward and broke the seal on the straw. “Drink, Mia. You look as though you will fall down.”
“It’s because I’m tired. Do you know if there’s a shower in the hospital that I could use?”
Nick opened the lunch box. “After you eat some of Eileen’s granola bar, I will take you to a hotel that Mark and I found. You can have a shower and sleep for a few hours. It is within walking distance of the hospital.”
Tears filled her eyes. 
“What is wrong, little one?”
Mark gave Mia a quick hug. “I’ll go and see Annabelle while you’re talking to Nick. Keep the backpack. I’ve given Stan one as well.”
After Mark left the room, Nick held her hand. “Mia? Tell your pappouli what is wrong.”
“I’m just tired, granddad. It’s been a long night.”
Nick studied her face. “You have been tired before. It is more than that.”
She took a deep breath. Her hand trembled as she picked up the juice box and took a sip. “I spoke to Stan last night. About mom and dad.”
Nick nodded. “That is good.”
She didn’t know how to tell her granddad what she’d told Stan. Nick had been her rock, the only person who understood the grief that had left her broken. “Mom and dad died because of me.” Her soft words tore through her heart, leaving her as raw and vulnerable as she’d been this morning.
“No, Mia. They died because a man had been drinking and his truck hit their car.”
“They wouldn’t have been on the road if I hadn’t burned my hand. I didn’t go home after school, granddad. Mom was angry with me.”
Nick took a deep breath. “Arianna called me after she had spoken with you. Your mom wasn’t angry. She was upset that you didn’t ask her first before visiting your friend. Arianna did the same thing to your grandma and me when she was your age.”
Nick held her hand, wrapping his fingers around her scar. “This is why you have been sad? You think it was your fault that your parents died?”
Mia nodded.
“Oh, little one. It was not your fault. Is that why you would not let the plastic surgeon make your scar better?”
“I didn’t deserve to have the scar removed.”
“It was not meant to be a punishment.” Tears welled in Nick’s eyes. “Arianna would not want you to feel this way. You were a little girl, Mia. Little girls do things that their parents do not like. It is the way of the world. It is how you learn to be a sensible adult.”
Nick squeezed her hand once more before letting go. “Come. I will take you to the hotel. You will eat the breakfast that Eileen made and drink the juice. A shower and some sleep will help you feel better. Later, we will talk.”
Mia sighed. “You don’t hate me do you, granddad?”
“I could never hate you, little one. You are my beginning, middle, and end. I love you more than you will ever know. Now come. It is time to leave.” 
Nick picked up her suitcase and waited for her to repack the food Eileen had made. With the backpack ready, she wiped her face and walked across to her grandfather.
“I love you, granddad.”
Nick’s blue eyes softened. “Your parents would want you to be happy. Life is too short to regret the things we cannot change.”
Her granddad’s words had never been so true. Twenty-four hours ago, Annabelle was bouncing on Mia’s bed, asking if she wanted to go for a snowmobile ride. Now, she was fighting for her life in an Intensive Care Unit.
As they walked out of the visitors’ room, Mia held onto Nick’s arm and prayed that Annabelle would make a full recovery. 

***
Two days later, Stan watched Mia say goodbye to Annabelle. With Mark here, there was no need for her and Nick to stay in Billings. They had work they needed to do, a life they needed to get back to. He had repeated those words to himself so often that he almost believed them. But the last thing he wanted was to say goodbye.
Mia had sat quietly with him as Annabelle’s doctors had updated them with her test results and progress. She’d made him smile when he’d been overcome with exhaustion and persuaded him to spend a few hours away from the hospital to try and sleep.
She’d been his soft place to fall and now she was leaving.
Mia kissed Annabelle on the cheek. “I’ll see you as soon as you get home.” 
“Thank you for staying with me. I’ll miss you.”
Stan glanced at Mia, wondering if she knew how much she meant to his daughter. 
“I’ll miss you too,” Mia said. “I’ll call your dad when Nick and I are home.”
Annabelle nodded and closed her eyes.
Stan followed Mia out of the room. As the doors to the Intensive Care Unit closed behind them, he felt as though a part of his life was ending. The sharp stab of grief was so intense that he caught his breath, waiting for the final blow. 
Mia touched his arm. “Are you okay?”
He looked into her exhausted eyes. He hadn’t been okay for a long time, but admitting that to her now would be wrong. She would want to stay in Billings and he couldn’t do that to her. 
“I’ll be fine,” he lied. “Let’s find your granddad.” 
They walked silently down the corridor, stopping when they saw Nick and Mark beside the elevators. 
“How is Annabelle?” Mark asked.
“Tired,” Mia said. She looked at Stan. “Are you sure you’ll be all right here with Mark? I can stay another couple of days.”
“You need to make sure your paintings arrive safely in San Francisco. Annabelle and I will be back in Bozeman before you know it.”
She wrapped her arms around his waist, holding him in an embrace that tore at his heart. “I’ll miss you.”
“Are you sure it’s not the café’s mac and cheese that you’ll miss?”
“No. Definitely you and Annabelle.”
He kissed the top of her head and held out his hand to Nick. “Thank you for everything you’ve done.”
“It was my pleasure. I will look forward to visiting Annabelle when you are home.”
Mia picked up her suitcase. “I guess we’d better leave. It was nice meeting you, Mark.” 
“It was good meeting you and Nick, too. You’ll have to visit us again.”
Mia nodded. “I’d enjoy that.”
Nick touched Mia’s arm. “We will go. The elevator has arrived.”
“Okay, granddad.” She sent Stan a wobbly smile. “Bye.”
“Bye.” The metal doors closed and Stan dropped his head to his chest.
“It will be okay,” Mark said from beside him. 
“I don’t know if it will be.” The knife in his chest dug deeper and tears stung his eyes.
Mark wrapped his arm around Stan’s shoulders. “How about we grab a coffee while Annabelle has a rest? There’s a café on the third floor that has a great view of the parking lot. And I know exactly where Nick parked his rental car.”
“You really can read my mind.”
“Not all the time.” Mark leaned forward and pushed the elevator button. “There’s a cute brunette that you didn’t mention until a week ago. Now would be a great time to tell me about her.”
Stan didn’t know where to start or even if he could. He was missing Mia already and she hadn’t even left the building.

***
Hannah studied the schedule for the neonatal gala. “We’ve gone through your calendar, Mia, and everything that needed to be done by now is finished. Is there anything we’ve forgotten?”
Steam rose out of Mia’s coffee cup and warmed her face. “Did you confirm the flower arrangements with Becky?”
“All done.”
“In that case, we’re ready for the big night.” With ten days left until the charity gala, everyone was feeling stressed. Hannah and Claire had been working long hours, juggling the Jenkins’ wedding, the neonatal gala, and overseeing another five pre-Christmas events. 
Mia had been busy working on her next set of paintings and worrying about Annabelle.
“Talking about the big night,” Hannah said. “Have you told Stan about the art auction?”
“No. He’s got enough on his mind. But he’ll be blown away by everyone’s generosity.” Because the gala was going to be held in Nick’s gallery, Claire and Hannah had organized a charity art auction on the same night. So far, more than forty artists from throughout Montana had donated paintings, sculptures, and beautiful handcrafted jewelry. 
Hannah tapped her pen against her chin. “Claire is coordinating the arrival of the art with your granddad. Molly Green is taking a photo of each item and promoting the auction on Nick’s website. Has Gina told you how many tickets we still have to sell?”
Mia nodded. “None. All the tickets are sold. The stories she wrote for the newspapers and social media sites must have worked.”
“I’m not surprised. Some of the children’s stories were heartbreaking. I don’t know how their families survived.”
An image of Stan holding Annabelle’s hand in the Intensive Care Unit filled Mia’s mind. “They survived because they love their children. They never gave up believing that things would get better.”
Hannah rubbed Mia’s arm. “Do you know when Stan is coming home with Annabelle?”
“It’s supposed to be tomorrow, but if the doctors aren’t happy with her blood tests, it could be next week.” The last few days had been worse than when Annabelle first arrived at the hospital. Not long after Mia left Billings, Annabelle’s temperature had risen to the point where everyone was extremely concerned. More blood cultures had been taken and her antibiotic regime was changed. Thankfully, she’d responded well and was feeling a lot better.
“When did you last speak to Stan?” Hannah asked.
Mia bit her bottom lip to stop it from trembling. “Two days ago.” 
Hannah wrapped her arm around Mia’s shoulders. “What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know.”
“There must be something wrong to make you cry?”
Mia took a deep breath. “I get the feeling that Stan’s pushing me away. I know he’s tired and that Annabelle is sick, but I don’t understand why he seems so distant when I speak to him.”
“Maybe he’s feeling overwhelmed?”
She wiped her eyes and sighed. “Maybe.”
“When he comes home, go and see him. Tell him how you feel.”
“What if he doesn’t want to know how I feel? He’s been through so much. I don’t want to add more stress to his life.”
Hannah gave Mia a tissue. “Stan needs all the support he can get at the moment. I don’t think you’ll be adding any more stress to his life. Besides, Annabelle will enjoy seeing you.”
A smile tugged at Mia’s lips. “I talked to her on the phone. She took photos of her doctors and nurses and wants to paint their portraits.” 
“Are you sure the two of you aren’t related?”
Mia’s smile disappeared. 
“Come on. Think positive thoughts.”
“I’ll try.”
Hannah rubbed Mia’s arm. “Do the doctors know how Annabelle ended up with the infection in her heart?”
“She had a wobbly tooth and one of her friends pulled it out. They think that might have been the original site of the infection.”
“And it went straight to her heart?”
“Because she was born with a heart defect, it made her more likely to get that type of infection. She’ll have to be careful when she goes to the dentist or even when she brushes her teeth.”
Hannah frowned. “No wonder Stan’s stressed.”
The only thing Mia could do was nod. It had been hard for everyone. And until Annabelle and Stan were safely home, it might get worse.

***
As soon as Stan opened his front door, exhaustion swept through him. Annabelle was home. They could begin to rebuild her strength and after the next five weeks, go back to an almost normal life.
“Welcome home, Stan.” Mrs. Dodds gave him a big hug, then stood in front of Annabelle. “Welcome home. I’ve missed you.”
Annabelle wrapped her thin arms around Mrs. Dodds’ waist. “I missed you, too.”
Their gentle hug brought tears to Stan’s eyes. He wasn’t the only person who had been worried about Annabelle. 
Mrs. Dodds kissed Annabelle’s cheek. “I made some of your favorite cookies. Would you like to sit in the living room and have some?”
Annabelle looked up at him. “Is that all right, dad?”
“Of course it is. I’ll bring your antibiotics.”
He followed Annabelle, pushing her pole and bag of antibiotics across the wooden floor. A smile lifted one corner of his mouth when he saw what Mrs. Dodds had done.
Annabelle’s eyes widened. “Oh, wow. This is amazing.” She shuffled across to the window, sighing as she sat on the sofa that didn’t look like a sofa anymore.
“It wasn’t me,” Mrs. Dodds said with a smile. “Mia and her friends thought you should dine on cookies and milk like a princess. They brought everything here yesterday and set it up for you.”
Annabelle’s hand brushed against the thick, velvet blanket under her legs. A canopy of sheer fabric was draped over a frame, making the sofa look like a four poster bed. They’d even dressed the windows with fairy lights and ribbons of tinsel.
“Can I call Mia and say thank you?”
Stan made sure Annabelle’s bag of antibiotics was firmly attached to the pole. “Have your cookies and a rest first. It’s been a big day for you.”
“Then after that can I call Mia?”
“After that would be fine.”
Mrs. Dodds bustled across to the kitchen. “I’ll only be a few minutes. I’ve got something for you, too, Stan.”
He sat beside Annabelle and looked up at the canopy. He blinked, then tilted his head sideways. “Is that the solar system?” Nine balls in different colors hung around a brightly lit sun.
Annabelle pointed to a smaller ball. “There’s a moon, too. When Mia was teaching us, she said to reach for the moon and even if we miss, we’ll land among the stars.” She leaned against Stan. “I missed her when she left the hospital.”
He wrapped his arm around Annabelle’s shoulders and closed his eyes. He’d missed Mia, too. But he couldn’t let the way he felt change what needed to happen. He had relied on her too much, put too much faith in thinking she would always be there for him and Annabelle.
But Mia had her own life, her own dreams that were only just unfolding. One day, he hoped she would thank him for stepping away before anyone was hurt.
“Oh, dad. Look.”
Stan turned toward the kitchen. Bright light shimmered through the fabric canopy. He pulled back the material and stared at Mrs. Dodds.
“Mia remembered my story,” Annabelle whispered.  
“It’s a vanilla cream cake,” Mrs. Dodds said proudly. “Mia made it yesterday. Happy birthday, Stan.”
His heart pounded and tears filled his eyes.
“It’s okay, dad. It won’t catch on fire.”
“That’s good to know.” Memories of another birthday made his heart ache. The cake Sandra made for his mom had been smaller, with red roses clustered around the base. His chest tightened and left him yearning for things he couldn’t change. “How did Mia know it was my birthday?”
Annabelle’s cheeks turned pink. “I called her from the hospital when you were sleeping. I told her about Grandpa Joe and the cake mom made. She must have wanted to make something special for you.”
Mrs. Dodds slid the cake onto the coffee table. “We’d better sing happy birthday before we do have a fire. Are you ready Annabelle?”
She nodded, and with Mrs. Dodds, sang him the best happy birthday song he’d heard in a long time. 
“Blow out the candles,” Annabelle said with a grin.
Stan leaned forward and blew with all his might. The candles flickered. He blew again and Annabelle cheered.
“Yeah! Did you make a wish, dad?”
Stan hugged his daughter. “I don’t need to. My wish has already come true.”
Mrs. Dodds wiped her eyes on the edge of her apron. “I’ll get the cookies and some plates for the cake.”
Annabelle gave him another hug. “This is going to be the best year ever.”
Stan looked at the cake. He wasn’t so sure.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
“The wait is over. We’ve got a date.”
Stan looked over his shoulder at Daniel. “What are you talking about?”
“For the wedding. Holly and I are getting married next year, in the middle of March.”
“Doesn’t that coincide with one of her exhibitions?”
“She doesn’t have to be in Berlin until April, so we’re compromising. If we have a small wedding at Emerald Lake, we’ll be able to get married before we leave.”
“We?”
Daniel smiled. “I’m going with Holly to Germany. We thought we’d have our honeymoon after her exhibition.” 
“Sounds like you’ve got it all planned.”
“For now. Who knows what will happen between now and the middle of March. What about you?”
Stan’s eyebrows rose. “I’m not getting married anytime soon, if that’s what you’re asking.”
“I wasn’t, but it leads into what I was talking about. I’ve been here for an hour and you haven’t once mentioned Mia.”
“That’s because there’s nothing to say.” He handed Daniel a cup of coffee and headed toward the dining table.
“Has she finally realized she’s better off without you?” Daniel’s smile disappeared. “I was joking. What happened?”
“Nothing happened. I said goodbye to her at the hospital and did some thinking.”
“Oh, boy.”
“What does that mean?”
Daniel left his coffee on the table and crossed his arms. “How long have we known each other?”
“A few years.”
“And in all that time, how many women have you dated?”
Stan fiddled with the handle of his cup. “A couple.”
“Stella doesn’t count.”
“You’d better speed up your pearls of wisdom. Annabelle will be awake soon.”
“All I’m saying is that your thinking process tends to be quite…linear.”
“Linear?”
“You think in a straight line. If there’s a problem, you solve it and move onto the next issue.”
Stan frowned. “What’s wrong with that?”
“Talking to a woman isn’t like a linear equation. Don’t get me wrong, I like living in a black and white world, too. But sometimes, especially where women are concerned, you need to be more creative. You don’t do creativity very well.”
“I thought friends were supposed to make you feel better?”
“Most of the time they do, especially if their pearls of wisdom are rewarded with cake.” Daniel’s gaze locked on the plate in front of him. “Is there a special occasion I don’t know about?” 
“Help yourself. It’s my birthday.”
“Why didn’t you tell me sooner? Happy birthday. You don’t look a day over ninety.”
Stan couldn’t even bring himself to smile. “Mia made the cake.”
“Is it laced with arsenic?”
“Worse. Sandra made a cake exactly like this one for mom’s last birthday before she died. Annabelle told Mia about the cake and she made it for me.”
“I was about to say that’s sweet, but you don’t look as though you’d agree.” When Stan didn’t reply, Daniel sighed. “Let’s go back to your original statement. What thinking did you do in the hospital?”
“I can’t date Mia. Annabelle is forming a strong attachment to her. I’m worried that she’ll get hurt if Mia and I don’t work out.”
“Is Annabelle the only person you’re worried about?”
Stan glanced at the cake. “Maybe not.”
“Have you spoken to Mia about how you feel?”
“Not since we were in the hospital. I told her I was ready to be her boyfriend.”
Daniel sighed. “I don’t want to ask the next question, but I’m going to, anyway. What other thoughts did you have in the hospital?”
“I thought about Mia’s career. She’s just resigned from her job at the college to become a full-time artist. That’s a huge adjustment for anyone to make. She doesn’t need us complicating her life.”
“Did you find the answer to world poverty and global warming while you were in the hospital, too?” 
Stan’s stomach churned. “You think I went overboard with my thinking?”
“I know you went overboard. Don’t you think Mia should have a say in all the thinking you did on her behalf?”
“I only want what’s best for her.”
“Shouldn’t she decide that?” Daniel didn’t wait for his reply. “Have any of your deep and meaningful decisions got anything to do with Sandra?”
Stan choked on his coffee. “Of course not.”
“Are you sure?” Daniel held his gaze. 
Stan looked away. Everything about the last ten days was still too raw, too much of everything he never wanted to go through again. 
“You can’t live in a vacuum for the rest of your life, Stan. Having feelings for another woman is normal. Mia’s a great person. She’s kind and understanding and likes Annabelle. Sandra wouldn’t want you burying yourself in work. Life is for living, not hiding from your emotions.”
“I’m not hiding. I’m being cautious.”
“What you’re doing is finding excuses to stop yourself from falling in love.” Daniel picked up a slice of cake and bit into it. “This is delicious. If Holly could bake like this, I would have married her six months ago.” 
Stan rubbed his forehead. “I’m listening to a man who can be bribed with cake.”
“There are worse people to listen to.” He handed Stan a piece of cake. “Eat, then call Mia. If you’ve changed your mind and don’t want to date her, you’d better tell her. Just make sure you’ve made your decision for the right reasons. Being scared of loving someone isn’t the right reason.”
“You should have been a psychologist instead of a computer programmer.”
Daniel smiled around a mouthful of vanilla frosting. “It’s easy when it’s someone else’s life. With Holly, it’s different. Whatever you decide to do, I’ll be here for you.”
Stan stared at the slice of cake. Mia had spent most of her life wanting to please everyone. Letting people down wasn’t part of her nature, no matter what the impact on her life.
She had a major exhibition in San Francisco and more reasons than ever to focus on her career. He wouldn’t let anyone or anything distract her from reaching her full potential—even if that meant saying goodbye to one of the most important people in his life.

***
Mia paced backward and forward. Two hours ago, Stan had called to see if he could talk to her. Since then, she’d changed clothes at least five times, fiddled with her hair for at least fifteen minutes, and drunk so many cups of coffee she was in danger of hitting a caffeine overdose.
His truck stopped in her driveway and she took a deep breath. By the time he rang her doorbell, her nerves were stretched so tight they were in danger of snapping.
“Hi, Stan.”
“Hi. Thanks for seeing me.”
“That’s okay.” She closed the door behind him, hoping he didn’t notice how nervous she was. “You can go through to the living room if you like. How’s Annabelle?”
“She’s resting. She was exhausted by the time we arrived in Bozeman.”
Mia nodded and sat on the edge of a chair. “Did she like her surprise?”
“She loved it. She’s sleeping on the sofa at the moment.” He leaned forward, resting his arms on his legs. “Thanks for the cake.”
“I hope you didn’t mind? Annabelle loved the story about the birthday cake bursting into flames. I thought it might bring back some good memories for you.”
“It surprised me.”
She bit her bottom lip. That didn’t sound good. “I’m guessing that you’ve decided you don’t want to see me again?”
His brown eyes shot to hers. “How did you—”
“It wasn’t hard.” She clenched her fist, focusing on Stan instead of the insecurities rolling inside her stomach. She’d had a stern talk with herself after he’d called. She wouldn’t get upset if he didn’t want to date her. She would be strong, confident, and full of caffeine.
“What happened after I left the hospital?” she asked. “I thought you wanted us to date each other.”
“I’m sorry, Mia. I shouldn’t have made a promise that I hadn’t thought through. I’m just not ready to have a relationship with anyone.”
Mia’s heart pounded. “Is this because of Sandra?”
Stan looked down at his hands. “I’ve already lost one woman I loved. If anything happened to you or we decided our relationship wasn’t working, it would be devastating.”
“You can’t live your life expecting the worst. We could be happy for a long time.”
“I can’t afford to take that risk. It’s not just me, Mia. I have to think about Annabelle and what’s best for her.”
There wasn’t a lot she could say to that without sounding desperate. “I’m sorry you feel that way.”
 “So am I, more than you probably know.”
She wouldn’t be sucked into an emotional rollercoaster with him. Over the last week, she’d learned a lot about herself, about the type of person she’d become, and not all of it was good. 
She could see that this conversation was as difficult for Stan as it was for her. “Would it be okay if I saw Annabelle once more?”
He sat upright, looking even more stressed than when he’d first arrived. “You’re welcome to visit her. If you’ve got time tomorrow, she’d love to see you.”
“Thank you. I’ll call before I visit to make sure she’s awake.”
Stan nodded. “I really am sorry, Mia.”
She stood and so did Stan. There was no point in making this discussion more painful than it already was. “Claire and Hannah will coordinate the gala with you. I’ll help, but only in the background.”
“Thank you.”
Mia nodded and walked toward the front door. “Good luck with everything.” She couldn’t bring herself to say it was nice meeting him, because it had been more than nice. She’d thought Stan was the man for her, but he wasn’t. 
“Did your paintings make it to San Francisco without being damaged?”
“They did.”
“I’m glad. Good luck for the exhibition.”
Tears stung her eyes. It was time for him to leave. She opened the door, glad of the cold nor’wester hitting her face. “Bye, Stan.”
He hesitated. Whatever he was about to say was lost when her cell phone rang. 
“I’ll leave so that you can answer your phone. Bye, Mia.”
She closed the door behind him and slid to the ground. Whoever was on the phone could wait. She had more important things to do. Things that involved a box of tissues and the extra vanilla cake she’d made yesterday.

***
Someone knocked on Stan’s office door. He looked up and saw Claire and Hannah standing in his office doorway. “Come in. Gina must be away from her desk.”
Claire took the lead. “We won’t take too much of your time.”
Stan walked toward the chairs on the far side of his office. Claire and Hannah were here to give him a gala update. With three days until the fundraiser’s doors opened, he was feeling more than a little nervous.
“Have a seat. Would you like something to drink?”
Both women shook their heads. 
Claire opened her laptop and sent him a cool smile. “You’ll be happy to know that everything is on track. There has been a rush of last-minute requests for tickets, but Gina had to say no. Nick’s gallery can’t take one more person.”
“At least we have the community’s support,” Stan said. “Are we keeping their contact details for another time?”
Hannah nodded. “Gina’s adding their names to a spreadsheet.” She opened her satchel and handed him a document. “This is an update of the budget. As you can see, Mia kept everything within the parameters you set.”
His heart clenched tight. He hadn’t seen Mia since she’d visited Annabelle four days ago. “How is she?”
Hannah and Claire’s eyes narrowed.
“She’s busy,” Hannah said eventually. “Even though her exhibition hasn’t officially opened, there has been a lot of interest in her portraits. Nick is busy negotiating gallery exhibitions for her over the next eighteen months.”
“I’m glad it’s going well.”
Claire lifted her chin. “Are you?”
Hannah cleared her throat and glared at her sister. “Mia is special. It was only a matter of time before other people started appreciating what she can do.”
Stan had a feeling Hannah wasn’t only talking about Mia’s artistic talent. He knew she was an amazing person. Anyone would be privileged to call her their friend.
Claire handed him another document. “This is a list of the people who have made additional donations to the neonatal unit.”
Stan’s eyebrows rose when he read the figure at the bottom of the sheet. “One hundred and fifty thousand dollars? That’s unbelievable.”
“Mia and Gina have worked hard to attract donors.” Claire looked at her sister. “Should we tell him about the auction?”
Hannah shrugged. “I can’t see why not.”
“What auction?” Stan asked.
“We’ve organized a charity art auction at Nick’s gallery on the night of the gala. So far, sixty-two items have arrived.”
Stan’s mouth dropped open. “You did that for the neonatal unit?”
“A lot of people made it happen,” Claire said. “As well as the artists, Gina, Nick, and our friend, Molly have helped. We published an online catalog that people can view. Your friend, Daniel, is working with Annabelle’s school. They’ll provide live coverage of the auction via the gallery’s website. Phone bidders will be able to see what’s happening in real time.”
Hannah turned her laptop around. “In case you’re wondering why Daniel didn’t say anything, we swore him to secrecy. This is the catalog.”
He scrolled through the listings, astounded at the quality of the art. “I don’t know what to say, except thank you.”
Hannah picked up a piece of paper that had fallen on the floor. “Because the gala is at Nick’s gallery, we’ve been able to stage most of the event earlier than normal. Mia has been helping us.”
Guilt sent a sharp stab of pain to Stan’s chest. “She has?”
“She leaves on Thursday afternoon for San Francisco.”
He nodded, not sure what to say.
Claire took one look at him and sighed. “What happened between you and Mia is none of our business, but I need to tell you something. Mia thought the world of you and Annabelle. If your decision to walk away from her had anything to do with how you thought she felt about you, then you were wrong.”
“It wasn’t Mia,” he muttered. “It was me.”
Hannah slid her laptop into its case. “I hope you know what you’ve given up. Do you have any questions about the gala?”
“No. You’re very organized.”
“In that case,” Claire said. “We’ll see you on Friday night.” 
“Unless you want to help with the staging,” Hannah added. “Mia will be with us until three o’clock on Thursday. Gina has our cell phone numbers if you’ve got any questions.”
Stan stood and shook their hands. “Thank you.” 
“You’re welcome,” Claire said. “I hope Annabelle’s feeling better.” 
“She is. I’m going home to spend the rest of the day with her.”
After Mia’s friends left his office, Stan dropped into the nearest chair. He missed Mia more than ever. Just talking about her made him want to pick up the phone and call her. But he couldn’t. Not yet. Not until he’d worked out how to let go of the woman he thought he would love forever.

***
Mia studied the glass cabinets in the middle of her granddad’s gallery. “I’m not sure they’re in the right position. I think we need to move them closer to the wall.”
Claire stuck her hands on her hips. “We’ve already moved the cabinets twice. The jewelry looks fantastic under the pendant lights. What do you think, Nick?”
“Do not bring me into this discussion. You girls can sort out this yourself. I have other things I need to do.” He looked around the gallery. “Has anyone seen my cordless drill?”
“It’s over here,” Hannah yelled from the front of the room. “I borrowed it to attach one of the panels to the wall.”
While Nick was getting his drill, Mia walked around the cabinets. “You’re probably right. More people can look at the jewelry if it’s in the middle of the room.”
“That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you. Now, all we need are the garlands of pine to string along the bottom of the cabinets.” Claire hunted through a pile of boxes. “I think I’ve found them.”
It took another fifteen minutes to give the glass cabinets a woodland feel, but Mia was happy with the end result. “The gallery looks amazing.”
“I agree,” a deep voice said from behind her.
She spun around, too surprised to do more than stare at Stan.
“You made it.” The smile on Claire’s face confused Mia. “You’ve come at a good time.”
Mia had no idea that Stan would be here. If she’d known, she would have found something else to do, or at least made sure she was in the workroom. 
“You’ve been busy,” He said. His gaze roamed over the paintings they’d hung on the walls, the plinths with bronze, copper, and stone sculptures, and the garlands they’d strung over everything.
Claire picked up another garland. “Wait until the lights are dimmed and the dry ice hits the air. It will look magical. Did you see the mural when you came into the gallery?”
“No. I came in the side door.”
“Show Stan the mural, Mia.”
Her gaze shot to Claire. “I’m not sure I’m the best person. Hannah’s already by the mural. She could show Stan what we’ve done.”
“Nonsense. Hannah’s busy putting the finishing touches on the castle. It won’t take long.”
Mia didn’t want to make a big deal out of Stan being here. It made perfect sense that he would want to check everything before Friday night. She only wished he’d visited the gallery tomorrow, when she wasn’t here.
So she did what any self-respecting, broken-hearted woman would do. She stuck a professional smile on her face and started walking. 
Stan moved fast to keep up with her. “Can we talk for a minute, Mia?”
“I’m not sure we’ve got anything to say to each other. You explained how you felt last week.”
“I wanted to wish you all the best for your exhibition.”
Mia’s bottom lip trembled. She would not cry. She was a strong, independent woman who had shed enough tears over the last week to sink a battleship. 
She slowed down, then came to a complete stop. Even if she wanted to, she couldn’t ignore him. He was a nice guy, just not her nice guy. “Thanks. I’m nervous about opening night, but everything should be okay.” 
Stan looked just as uncomfortable as she felt. “Hannah said there has been a lot of interest in your portraits.”
“That took everyone by surprise, except granddad,” Mia mumbled. “How is Annabelle?”
“She’s almost bounced back to her usual self. Apart from pulling the pole around with her and feeling tired, she’s happy.”
“I’m glad. Tell her I’ll take some photos of my exhibition and email them to her.”
“I’ll do that.” Stan stepped forward. “Mia, I wanted to say—”
“Hello, Stan Lewis.” Nick’s booming voice filled the gallery. “You have come to check that everything is in place for your fundraiser?”
Mia breathed a sigh of relief. Sometimes her granddad could be so overprotective that it drove her insane. But today, she was thankful he was here.
Nick stood between her and Stan. “You will see that we are well underway. The girls have been working long hours to make this a night no one will forget.”
“It looks amazing.”
“Have you seen the mural that will be the main backdrop?”
“No. Mia was about to—”
“Let me show you what has been done. Afterward, I would like to have a word with you. Man to man.”
Mia’s gaze shot to Nick’s face. The relaxed smile he usually wore had been replaced with a very Greek, very ferocious scowl.
Stan’s eyes widened. He looked at the drill in Nick’s hands, then back at her grandfather’s face. “You might as well talk to me now. I probably deserve most of what you’ll say.”
“No.” Mia’s voice bounced off the walls.
Claire and Hannah looked up from what they were doing.
She cleared her throat. “You don’t need to talk to Stan, granddad. He doesn’t want to go out with me. It’s not the end of the world.” But it sure felt like it, especially when her granddad turned his sad eyes toward her. 
“I am your pappouli. I look after my little girl, especially when her heart has been broken.”
If she could have disappeared, she would have. “It’s not as bad as that. Stan and I want different things. It’s better finding out now, than in a few months.” When that didn’t make much difference to the scowl on Nick’s face, she added, “We’re both adults, granddad.”
Nick’s gaze landed on Stan. “It is time you started acting like it.” And with the last of his words ringing in Mia’s ears, he stomped toward the workroom.
Mia sighed. “I don’t know what to say, Stan. Granddad can be overprotective, sometimes.”
“He loves you.”
Tears filled Mia’s eyes. “Yes, he does.”
“I’m sorry if I hurt you, Mia. I care about you. I never planned on any of this happening.”
“I know you didn’t.” Mia straightened her shoulders and wiped her eyes. “I’ll show you the mural. I think you’ll be pleased with it.” 
Stan touched her arm. “Before we see it, I’ve got something for you.” He handed her a brightly wrapped parcel. “Annabelle made this for you.”
“She did?” Mia felt like an emotional wreck. Her hands shook as she pulled open the tape and looked inside the box. Annabelle had painted a beautiful picture of the mountains. “It’s lovely.”
“That’s the view from the princess bed you made. She wants you to know how much she appreciates what you did.”
“I’m glad it made her happy.” Mia studied the snow-capped mountains, the way the sunlight dipped and rose with the swell of the land. Knowing Annabelle had been thinking about her made the painting even more special.
“She wanted me to give you this, as well.”
Mia opened the card that Stan handed her. In small, neat writing, Annabelle had written, “Come back soon. I miss you.” Her heart skipped a beat when she reread the simple but heartfelt words. 
“Are you okay?” Stan asked.
Mia nodded. “Does Annabelle know that we aren’t seeing each other anymore?”
“I told her we’re friends and that we won’t be going out together. What did she write?”
She handed him the card. 
He took a deep breath. “I’ll speak to her.”
The sadness on his face made her heart break all over again. She knew what it felt like to miss your mom, to crave the one thing you could never have. “Come on. I’ll show you the mural and then I need to leave for the airport.”
Stan followed her to the front of the gallery. 
She told him about the decorations, the candles, and mirrors they’d placed in different areas. But mostly; she talked to fill the silence between them. It was hard enough seeing him today; it would be worse saying goodbye.

***
Mia opened the workroom door. Nick was sitting behind his desk, reading something on his computer.
 When she closed the door, her grandfather turned around and sighed. “I am sorry, Mia. I should not have lost my temper like that.”
She pulled out a chair and sat beside him. “Stan isn’t a bad person.”
“I know he is a good man. But a good man needs to treat my Mia with respect. He knows this, but he still broke your heart.”
“It’s okay, granddad. My heart will mend.” She looked closely at her grandfather. “How did he know that he has to treat me with respect?”
“I told him at the ranch. If he breaks your heart, he has me to deal with.”
Mia groaned. “I can’t believe you said that.”
“There is nothing wrong with knowing where you stand.”
If Mia thought it would make a difference, she would have told her grandfather that it was the twenty-first century. She could stand on her own two feet and fight her own battles. But her words would have bounced off Nick’s Greek pride and not even left a dent.
“Where is Stan now?” Nick asked.
“He left the gallery a few minutes ago. Annabelle painted me a picture of the mountains.”
“She is a good girl.”
Mia looked through the office window. The snowplows had been busy, making it easier for people to navigate their way through town. She wished it were that easy to clear her head and heart of the things that were worrying her. 
“What am I going to do now, granddad?”
Nick patted her arm. “You will let Stan work out what is important in his life. While he is doing that, you will go to San Francisco for your exhibition. I will meet you there on Saturday and we will show everyone what a talented artist you are.”
Mia kissed his cheek. “Stan already knows what’s important to him and it isn’t me.”
“Do not be so sure. Sometimes, we need time to appreciate what we do not have. If Stan is half the man I think he is, he will see this.”
“You believe in true love, granddad. I don’t know if it exists anymore.”
Nick pointed to the memory wall. “There is true love. It is all around us, Mia. You just need to believe.”
“I want to, granddad.”
“I know you do. One day, you will find what you are looking for. But for now, there is a plane you need to catch.”
She gave her granddad a hug. “Thank you.”
His arms tightened around her. “Do not worry about Annabelle and Stan. It will be what it is supposed to be.”
Mia knew he was right. Life had a way of working out how it was supposed to all along. She just wished it didn’t hurt so much.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Stan straightened his jacket and walked inside Nick’s gallery. 
“I was wondering when you’d make an appearance.” Daniel stood beside him, looking far too happy.
“Holly’s home, isn’t she?”
“Am I that easy to read?”
“Where your fiancée is concerned, you are. Did she come with you tonight?”
Daniel shook his head. “Holly sends her best, but jet lag is messing with her body. She would have fallen asleep halfway through the night if I’d brought her.”
The main reception area had been transformed into a forest. As they walked between miniature pine trees, Stan remembered the concept drawings Mia had shown him. He couldn’t believe that had been only three months ago.
“Wow.” Daniel stopped to admire the mural that Claire and Hannah had hung on Thursday afternoon. It stood eight feet tall and was at least twenty feet wide. They’d framed the entire backdrop with more trees, more fairy lights, and more pine needles than anyone would guess.
“Claire and Hannah did a great job,” Stan said. “I hope everyone enjoys the fundraiser.” 
Daniel looked around the gallery. “They already are. Where are Mia and Nick?”
“In San Francisco. Mia’s exhibition is tomorrow night. She had interviews with the media today.”
“How did that go?”
Stan sighed. “I’m trying to distance myself from her, not get more involved.”
Daniel’s eyebrows rose. “And?”
“I saw the photos that Mia emailed Annabelle,” he muttered. “Her paintings look incredible.”
“That wasn’t so hard, was it?” Daniel took two glasses of wine off a woodland nymph and passed one to Stan. “What else did Mia say?”
“Not a lot.” Stan wasn’t going to mention the gallery owner who was standing beside her in most of the photos. He had assumed John Williams would be the same age as Nick. Wrong. John Williams, it turned out, was in his mid-forties, good-looking, and single. Not that Nick had mentioned his marital status on Facebook—he’d found that out himself on the Internet.
Across the room, Hannah and Claire were circulating amongst the guests, making sure everyone was happy.
“You should mix and mingle before the auction starts,” Daniel said from beside him. “You might not get a chance afterward.”
“I was just thinking the same thing. Save me a seat beside you.”
“Okay, but I wouldn’t be surprised if you end up on the stage. See you later.”
Stan moved into the center of the room, shaking hands with the people he knew from the hospital or other events. He spoke with more than one couple whose children had been admitted to the neonatal unit and others who knew children who had been through tough times. It was humbling and gratifying to know that what they achieved tonight would help so many people.
An hour later, Stan was stunned by the generosity of the community. 
Claire ran up to him and gave him a hug. “How do you feel?” 
“Shocked.” The charity auction had just raised forty-nine thousand dollars for the new neonatal unit.
“Well, don’t be too shocked. Hannah wants you on the stage. We have some more surprises for you.”
“What do you mean?”
Claire held onto his arm and pulled him forward. “You’ll see.”
A hush fell over the room as Hannah beckoned him forward. “I’d like to welcome Stan Lewis, the director of Bozeman Deaconess Hospital, and Gina Rossi, his secretary, to the stage.”
Everyone clapped as Stan and Gina stood beside Hannah.
He looked at Gina, wondering if she knew what was happening. 
“You’re going to like this,” Gina whispered.
Stan wasn’t so sure. 
Hannah pushed a button and a large screen rolled down from the ceiling. “As you all know, Stan has been working hard to make the new neonatal unit a reality. As part of the fundraising project, Stan asked Gina to interview the families of the children who have been admitted to the neonatal unit. Some of those stories have appeared in the newspaper and on social media sites. Other stories, like the ones we will show you tonight, pay tribute to the staff at Bozeman Deaconess Hospital. Because of their compassion, determination, and courage, the babies who need specialist medical help are provided with exceptional care. After the construction of the new unit is complete, Bozeman will have the best neonatal facilities in Montana. This video presentation is dedicated to Stan Lewis, the driving force behind our new neonatal unit.”
As the guests clapped and cheered, Gina led him across the stage to two chairs. “These are for us. There’s a box of tissues under the seat if you need them,” she whispered.
“You knew about this?”
“Of course I knew about it. So did Mia. We’ve been working on the video for the last month.”
The lights dimmed and the video began playing.
If he’d known Mia had been helping with the video, he would have found someone else to work with Gina. She’d had enough to do without…Mia appeared on the screen. She was standing in the neonatal unit, holding a baby in her arms.
 His heart pounded. A longing he’d never felt before washed through him and left him stunned. When Mia smiled into the camera, all of the air squeezed out of his lungs. 
She introduced Brittany-Rose, one of their miracle babies. Brittany-Rose had been born with a heart defect similar to Annabelle’s. As soon as she was born, she was flown to Billings to receive life-saving surgery. Without the quick response of the staff at Bozeman Deaconess Hospital, Brittany-Rose wouldn’t have survived. 
Mia spoke to Brittany-Rose’s parents, to the nurses and doctors who had saved their little girl’s life. 
He reached under his chair and found the tissues.
For the next ten minutes, Mia introduced the staff in the neonatal unit. They explained what they did and how much they cared about the babies they were helping. 
By the time the video ended and the lights came on, there weren’t many dry eyes in the gallery.
Hannah dabbed her eyes before speaking into the microphone. “I’d now like to introduce some of the children who have been admitted to the neonatal unit in Bozeman over the last five years.” 
A side door opened and more than twenty children and their parents came onto the stage. As they were saying hello to Stan, Hannah introduced each child, told the guests why they had been admitted to the hospital and how long they had stayed. 
When the last child left the stage, Stan was emotionally exhausted. He’d met all of the parents before. They were part of the focus groups that Gina had organized. After the architects had provided the concept plans, they had fine-tuned the layout of the unit and family accommodation. He knew their stories, the stress and worry that had almost crippled them when their children had clung to life.
“Are you okay?” Gina whispered. 
“I will be.”
“Dig deep. There’s one more surprise.”
Stan was almost afraid of what would happen next. If anyone gave him a baby to hold, he would burst into tears.
Hannah smiled at the guests. “It is now my pleasure to welcome three men onto the stage. Daniel Sullivan, Ryan Evans, and John Fletcher.” 
Gina nudged him. “Go and stand beside John.”
Stan shook all three men’s hands before standing beside John. Although he hadn’t met Ryan until a few weeks ago, he’d met John at a couple of Daniel’s barbecues. All three men owned large properties around Emerald Lake, an exclusive subdivision not far from Bozeman.
Hannah handed Ryan the microphone. 
“Good evening, everyone.” The guests went a little crazy when the country music superstar grinned. “Thank you. Tonight is an important milestone in the fundraising efforts of Bozeman Deaconess Hospital. When Daniel told us what the hospital needed to achieve to make sure the new neonatal unit opened, we wanted to help. We know how much the community needs this facility and how hard everyone has worked to make it happen. So Stan, on behalf of myself, Fletcher Security, and Sullivan Enterprises, I would like to donate a check for two million dollars to the Bozeman Deaconess Hospital’s neonatal fundraising project.”
“Breathe,” Ryan whispered as he presented Stan with the check.
Stan took a deep breath and fought to keep tears out of his eyes. “Thank you.”
Daniel was next in line. “Stay beside me,” he whispered. “You look as though you’re about to fall over.”
John must have thought the same thing. “You never did have a good poker face. If you need a doctor, there are plenty here.”
Stan should have been excited that they’d raised the money they needed, plus some, for the neonatal unit. But all he felt was overwhelmed. It had been a stressful month and an even worse few days.
Hannah handed him the microphone. “Would you like to say a few words?”
Gina, God bless her forward thinking, handed him a copy of his speech. 
He cleared his throat, sipped the water that Daniel thrust in front of him, and prepared to thank everyone for their generous donations. 

***
Stan parked his truck at the airport. For the tenth time in as many minutes, he checked his watch to make sure he wasn’t late for Mia’s flight.
For most of the day, he’d been prowling around the house, trying not to think about this afternoon. He’d called the airline forty minutes ago, then called Claire to make sure he had the correct flight number. 
Annabelle had wanted to know where he was going, but he couldn’t tell her. Not yet. Not when he didn’t know if this would be a day he would sooner forget.
He looked around the airport terminal, surprised at how quiet it was for a Sunday. The electronic arrivals sign was still showing Mia and Nick’s flight as being on time. 
With half an hour left until they landed, he needed to do something. Otherwise, he’d wear a hole in the carpet with the amount of pacing he was doing.
“Is that you, Stan?”
He turned and smiled at the woman walking toward him. He’d met Kathy at some charity events in Bozeman, never realizing she was Nick’s friend until he’d introduced them. “Hi, Kathy. Are you here to meet Nick and Mia as well?”
A soft blush warmed her cheeks. “Nick doesn’t know I’m here. Sometimes, he’s too independent for his own good. It doesn’t hurt to have someone welcome you home after you’ve been away.”
Stan agreed with her, but Mia would need as much convincing as her grandfather. “Did Nick tell you if Mia’s paintings sold?”
“For record prices,” Kathy said with a smile. “And there was more good news. The person who bought all three paintings is happy to lend them to another gallery in New York. It couldn’t have turned out better for Mia’s career. Didn’t she call you?”
“Mia and I aren’t…we aren’t seeing each other anymore.”
Kathy’s smile fell. “I’m sorry to hear that. You seemed so happy. How about I buy us both a cup of coffee before their plane arrives?”
“That sounds like a great idea. There’s a small restaurant around the corner that sells good coffee.” 
“Lead the way,” Kathy said. “You must be feeling happy. The fundraising gala was a huge success. Did you know about the two million dollar donation?”
“I didn’t have any idea. It was very generous.”
Kathy shrugged her shoulders. “Daniel, Ryan, and John are all young men. One day, they might need to use the neonatal unit for their children.”
Stan had said the same thing to Daniel. He’d laughed, telling him it was bad enough finding a date for their wedding without planning when they would have children.
After they were seated and had ordered their coffee, Kathy sat back in her chair and frowned. “I have to be honest with you, Stan. You didn’t look well last night and you’re not much better today. Is everything all right?”
“I’m not sick, if that’s what you mean.” 
“It wasn’t, but that will do for now.”
He’d known Kathy long enough to know that whatever they discussed wouldn’t be repeated, even to Nick. “I miss Mia.” Three words. Three small words that shook him to his core.
Kathy reached across the table and patted his hand. “It’s okay to miss someone. Love can be the hardest thing in the world to understand.”
Stan looked into her worried blue eyes and nodded. 
Kathy moved her bag off the table and onto the seat beside her. “After my first husband died, I thought I would be a widow for the rest of my life. I was down to one income with two teenage children and a big mortgage. I worked hard to provide for everyone. Somewhere along the line, I forgot about me.”
“How old were you when your husband died?”
“Forty-five. I loved my husband dearly, but he was hopeless when it came to finances. I wasn’t much better. So, after he passed, I worked two jobs to pay our bills and put food on the table. My friends told me someone else was waiting to love me, but I needed to slow down and let them find me.” Kathy’s mouth turned up at the edges. “They were right, but it took twenty years for Nick to find me.”
“Can I ask if you’ll ever get married?”
“Of course you can.” Kathy smiled at the waiter as he left their drinks on the table. “We talked about marriage, but decided it wasn’t for us. I could tell you that Nick loved his first wife in a way that doesn’t leave room for someone else. And when his daughter and son-in-law died, it was another blow to his heart. All of that would be true, but the real reason we decided not to marry is because we’re happy as we are.”
“How long did it take you to realize that Nick was special?”
“A lot longer than you might think.” Kathy laughed. “He has a very strong personality. Nick can be as stubborn as a mule, but his sweet, Greek heart always finds some kind of compromise. He believes in true love and we were lucky to find it twice in our lives.” 
Stan stared at the star-shaped froth on the top of his cappuccino. “I thought Sandra and I would grow old together. I never imagined losing her and falling in love again. How do you let go of the past and move on with another person?”
“It’s the fear of the unknown. If we could look into a crystal ball and see the future, our lives would be a whole lot simpler.”
“But not as interesting,” he murmured. If someone had told him three months ago that he was about to meet a five-foot-three brunette who would knock him off his feet and pulverize his heart, he would have laughed at them. 
“No, not as interesting.” Kathy sipped her coffee. “Sometimes the only thing you can do is believe in what your heart is telling you. The Good Lord didn’t put us on this planet to be lonely, Stan. We need to celebrate life. Loving someone is such a big part of being alive.”
“What if the person you love doesn’t feel the same way?”
Kathy smiled. “You’ll never know unless you ask. It seems to me that we have two choices. We can wallow in our misguided fears or meet them head-on. I have a feeling you’re ready to meet them head-on. Am I right?”
Stan nodded. “I don’t know if it will do much good, but I have to try.”
“It’s better than not saying anything. Here’s to facing our fears.”
He clinked his coffee mug against Kathy’s. “We need to meet at the airport more often.”
Kathy laughed. “Don’t tell Nick that. He’ll put his Greek foot down and tell me the airport is no place for a lady.”
Stan smiled, until he heard someone say the flight from San Francisco had arrived. “This is it.”
Kathy picked up her bag. “You’re on a mission, Stan. A mission of the heart.”
He held out his arm. “We might as well face my mission together. Are you ready?”
“I am. Let’s go.”

***
Mia stood on her airplane seat and lifted her carry-on out of the overhead locker. “I’ll get your bag down, too, granddad.”
“Be careful, little one. It is heavy.”
One of the worst things about getting off a plane was jostling around everyone else to remove your luggage. Luckily, this flight was only half full, so there was more room to move.
Mia handed Nick her carry-on. With one bag out of the way, she held the back of her seat, peering into the locker. Nick’s carry-on was on the far side. If she were careful, she’d be able to pull it toward her before lifting it down.
“I’ll get the bag.”
Mia turned and smiled at the man who had been sitting opposite her. “Thanks, Brett.” She stepped off her seat and waited for the carry-on. Brett Forster lived on a ranch about an hour out of town. He’d been in San Francisco at a friend’s wedding and like her and Nick, was looking forward to seeing Bozeman again.
“There you go. Is there anything else you need?”
Mia looked at her jacket and the two bags. “No. We’ve got everything.”
The people in front of them started moving. 
“Do you want me to carry anything off the plane for you?” Brett asked. “I only brought a backpack on board with me.”
“We’ll be okay. But thanks—”
“That would be very helpful,” Nick interrupted. “Mia, give Brett your carry-on. He is a good man to offer his assistance.”
Her eyes narrowed. “I can carry my own bag, granddad. But it was nice of him to offer.”
Nick sighed. “I am only trying to help.”
“Don’t worry,” Brett whispered. “I try to tell my sister what to do, too. It doesn’t get me very far.”
“I’ll have to find out how she survives,” Mia murmured.
“I heard that,” Nick said from his seat. “I might be seventy-four, but my hearing is as sharp as the day I was born.”
Mia smiled at her well-meaning grandfather. “Yes, granddad.” 
“It’s time for us to go.” Brett stood in the aisle behind their seats, blocking anyone from pushing past them. 
Mia let Nick go first, then followed him off the plane.  
As they walked into the arrivals area, she breathed a sigh of relief. Her exhibition had been wonderful, but it was tiring meeting the media and the gallery’s VIP guests. It was good to be home.
“We’re lucky with the weather.” Brett pointed through a large window. “Bozeman’s had a lot of snow.” 
Just looking at the clear blue sky and white snow-capped mountains made Mia smile. “I love winter. The more snow, the better.”
“It’s not so great on a ranch, but I know what you mean.”
Mia stopped a short distance from the baggage claim area and pulled on her jacket. “When you’re next in town, come and visit granddad’s gallery.”
“I will. Congratulations on your exhibition.” Brett looked over her shoulder. “My bag’s on the carousel. Are you okay with your suitcases?”
“I am. Enjoy the ranch.”
“I will. Bye.” Brett rushed across to his bag, lifting it clear of the other suitcases before it disappeared.
“Hello, Mia. How was San Francisco?”
Mia smiled at the woman behind her. “Hi, Kathy. It was better than I thought. I didn’t know you were meeting us.”
“Neither did Nick. It’s a surprise.”
“Granddad should be here somewhere. He’s probably waiting for our suitcases.” She searched the baggage claim area. It wasn’t easy to see her grandfather when he wasn’t much taller than she was. 
A family wheeled three luggage carts away. 
“He’s over—” Mia’s gaze landed on Stan. Her breath caught in her throat as she watched him speak to Nick, then nod at something her granddad said.
Kathy touched her arm. “Stan wanted to meet you, too.”
“He told me he didn’t want to see me anymore.”
“Give him a chance to explain, Mia.”
She pulled her gaze away from Stan and looked at Kathy. “It’s not as easy as that.”
“It never is. How about we go and say hello?”
Mia took a deep breath and followed Kathy. After saying goodbye to him on Thursday, she didn’t expect to see him again. 
Stan raised his head. His eyes locked on hers and followed her across the room.
With a pounding heart, she stood beside her granddad. “Hi, Stan.”
“Hi.” He didn’t smile, didn’t move from where he stood. 
She didn’t know why he was here, except…She looked at the dark circles under his eyes, the frown on his face. “Has something happened to Annabelle?” 
He shook his head. “She’s fine. Mrs. Dodds is looking after her while I’m here.”
Mia lifted a hand to her chest. “Thank goodness. I thought…” She looked at the concern on her granddad’s face. “It doesn’t matter what I thought.”
“I wanted to talk to you.”
“Oh.” She stared at Stan. Of all the things he could have said, that was the worst. 
Nick cleared his throat and gave Kathy a hug. “It is good to see you. But you should not have come here to meet us. It is not good weather to be driving.”
“Nonsense,” Kathy said sternly. “If I’d driven through a snow storm it would have been different. I know you left your car here, but it’s always nice to know someone is waiting for you.”
Mia looked at the carousel, desperate to focus on something other than Stan. “Our bags have arrived.” 
She moved quickly, stepping between the people in front of them before their suitcases disappeared. 
“This one?” Stan leaned down and grabbed the handle of her bag.
“Yes, but I can—”
“It’s okay. I’ve got it.”
Mia wrapped her fingers around the handle of Nick’s bag. Another pair of arms lifted the bag higher.
“You can let go, Mia. I’ll put it beside yours.”
Stan’s face was close to hers. A spark of awareness raced along her spine, crashing head-first into her pounding heart.
“The bag’s heavy,” he muttered.
She blinked and let go of the handle.
Stan sighed as he lowered it to the ground. 
“Granddad packs everything except the kitchen sink.” It wasn’t much of an explanation, but it was enough to make Stan smile.
“I thought that was supposed to be a female trait.”
“You can’t be serious?” Mia spluttered. “Granddad always takes twice as many clothes as I do.”
“I was joking.”
She watched his face relax and something inside of her unraveled. “Is everything okay? You look tired.”
Stan ran his hand through his hair. “I’ll be okay.”
Nick came behind them with a luggage cart. “We will place the bags on here. Where is your truck parked, Stan?”
“Across the road from the terminal. I can take the suitcases with me and drop them off to you.”
“That is a good idea,” Nick said. “Kathy and I will go back to my house. You can take Mia to hers, then bring my suitcase around later.”
Mia looked at her grandfather, then at Stan. “I don’t understand.”
Nick tutted. “A man cannot have a conversation with a woman if she is not beside him. You will talk to Stan, offer him coffee and cookies. That is the polite way to say thank you. Afterward, if you would like to bring me some cookies, I would not say no.”
Mia shook her head. “One of these days, granddad, you’re going to realize that I’m all grown up.”
Nick wrapped her in a hug. “I already know this. Thank you for sharing your exhibition with me. Now go with Stan. He does not have all day to stand around the airport.”
“Are you happy to take me home, Stan? We could always talk here if it’s easier.”
“I’ll take you home.” He shook Nick’s hand and gave Kathy a hug. “Thank you.”
Kathy smiled. “You’re welcome. Remember what we talked about.”
Mia gave her granddad and Kathy a quick hug before following Stan outside. She didn’t know what he wanted to tell her, but it must be important. She only hoped it had nothing to do with her broken heart. 

***
Stan drove out of the airport parking lot. His hands gripped the steering wheel as he thought about what he wanted to say to Mia. 
“Did Annabelle see the photos I emailed her?’
He glanced across the cab. “She did. Your paintings looked stunning.”
“John spent a lot of time deciding where he would hang them. He changed the lighting three times before he was happy.”
“He sounds like he knows what he’s doing.”
“He does. He wants me to exhibit again next year.”
From what Mia had said, being asked to exhibit once was hard enough, but twice must be nearly impossible. “What type of paintings will you give him?”
“I’m not sure. I like painting portraits or scenes with people as the focus. I’ve already started another series.”
“What’s the theme?”
“Family. After speaking with the parents of the children in the neonatal unit, it made me think about what makes a family. Then I thought about my parents and grandparents, and other people who have been adopted or fostered. There’s a bond that ties families together, whether they share the same DNA or not. That’s what I want to explore.”
“Sounds complicated.”
“It is.” Mia ran her fingertips over the scar on her hand. “I told Nick that I felt responsible for my parents’ death.”
“What did he say?”
“The same thing you did. That it wasn’t my fault. Mom wasn’t angry at me, just annoyed that I hadn’t asked if I could go to Penny’s house.”
“Did that make you feel better?”
“In a way it did. I’m like one of my paintings at the moment—a work in progress. Were you happy with the gala?”
“More than happy. I can’t believe we funded the entire project. Did you know about the donation that Daniel, Ryan, and John were making?”
“I knew it would be big, but not how big. They’re amazing men.” 
Her smile lifted some of the weight off Stan’s shoulders. When he stopped in front of her home, the weight slammed back down.
She unbuckled her seatbelt. “I can offer you coffee, but I’m not sure if there are any cookies left.”
He let go of the steering wheel and flexed his fingers. “Coffee would be fine.”
Mia looked through her side window. “My neighbor must have cleared my driveway. I thought I’d have to wear cross-country skis to get to my front door.”
Stan unbuckled his seatbelt and stepped out of his truck. “You’re lucky to have good neighbors. They make a difference when you’re living on your own.” He clamped his lips closed before more words tumbled from his mouth. He didn’t want to talk about her neighbors or about the snow or even about coffee. He wanted to talk about them, but he didn’t know where to start.
Mia rolled her carry-on to the front door while Stan followed with her suitcase. 
“You can leave my case in the hallway. Come into the kitchen. I’ll put on the coffeepot.”
He took off his boots and walked into the kitchen behind Mia. 
“Granddad was funny at the exhibition. He introduced me to so many people that my head started spinning. I think he—”
Stan held Mia’s waist and pulled her into his arms. Before he could second-guess himself, he kissed her.
He poured everything he wanted to say into the kiss; the longing, the need, the apology, and the knowledge that he loved her more than he ever thought possible.
Mia’s hands wrapped around his shoulders, pulling him close. She deepened the kiss and he groaned, achingly aware of every point of contact between their bodies, every movement of her hips against his.
Meow.
Somewhere, in the only part of Stan’s brain that was working, he realized they weren’t alone. 
So did Mia. 
Meow.
Her body stiffened and she dropped her head to his chest. “That wasn’t supposed to happen.”
He hoped like crazy that she meant the interruption and not the kiss.
Meow.
He looked at his feet. A cat of unknown pedigree had wrapped itself around their legs, rubbing its whiskers on Stan’s jeans.
Mia smiled. “Stan Lewis, this is Mr. Renoir, the scruffiest cat in town.” She cleared her throat and looked around the kitchen. “I’ll make the coffee.”
He picked up Mr. Renoir and scratched him under his chin. He would have preferred to have Mia in his arms, but it was just as well he didn’t. He could still taste her on his lips, feel her moving against him, scorching him from the inside out.
With a frustrated sigh, he lowered Mr. Renoir to the floor. He needed to tell Mia how he felt, not smother her in kisses before she’d taken off her jacket. 
“Mia, I need to tell you something.”
She poked her head around the pantry doors, waving a metal container in the air. “I found them.”
“What did you find?”
“My secret stash of cookies. They’re for emergencies.”
Stan’s eyebrows rose. “And this is an emergency?”
Mia’s cheeks turned pink. “You could say that,” she mumbled. 
She handed him the container and he tried to pull off the lid. “It isn’t easy to get into.”
“That’s the point,” Mia said. “What’s inside are the wickedest cookies in the world. They’re guaranteed to add five pounds per bite and you can’t stop at one. The sticky lid is supposed to give you time to consider whether you really need one.”
He popped off the lid. “And your verdict?”
Mia stuck her hand inside and pulled out a lump of chocolate. “I really need one.” Her hand reached inside again. “Or two.”
Stan frowned at the cookies. “They’re that good?”
“They’re really good.”
He bit into a cookie and sighed. Mia was right. The crunchy outside melted into sweet chocolate heaven on the inside. “Wow.”
“I know.” Mia licked her lips and took another bite. “I’m up to ten pounds. Stop me after this cookie or I won’t be able to fit into my jeans tomorrow.”
Stan wasn’t the best person to help Mia with her self-control. He was having a hard enough time keeping his hands off her. 
She finished the first cookie, dropping the second into the container. “That’s enough sugar for now. My legs don’t feel like jello anymore.”
A crumb caught at the back of his throat and sent him into a fit of coughing.
Mia rushed to the faucet and poured him a glass of water. “Are you all right?”
“I will be,” he croaked.
“I guess we should talk about what happened. Before the cookies.”
Stan wiped his eyes and took another sip of water. “I made a mistake.”
Mia’s face fell. 
“I don’t mean about kissing you. That was…” He struggled to find the words to describe how much he needed to be close to her. “…better than one hundred cookies.”
Her eyes widened.
“I love you, Mia. I made a mistake when I told you I couldn’t be your boyfriend. I never thought I’d love another woman after Sandra died. But I love you. I love the way you light up a room with your smile. I love your determination and your courage. I can’t imagine my life without you.”
Mia didn’t move. Her eyes were as big as a full moon, as dark as the deepest ocean. 
A sinking feeling hit Stan in the stomach, left him winded when he realized he’d made a mistake. A big mistake. The kind that even Mia’s cookies couldn’t cure. He needed to leave, now, before he made an even bigger fool of himself. “I’ll go. I didn’t mean to—”
Mia’s mouth landed on his lips, swallowed his words whole, and left him hungry for more of everything.
She pulled away, holding either side of his face in her hands. “Are you going to change your mind again?”
Tears stung his eyes. He knew he’d hurt Mia, but what she didn’t realize was that he’d hurt himself, too. He’d denied himself the right to love another woman, a woman who made him happier than he’d ever been. 
“I’m not going to change my mind.”
She lightly kissed his lips. “Even if you do, always remember that I love you. Do you think Annabelle will be okay with me spending more time with you?”
“She’ll be more than okay. Especially if she can spend more time with Nick.”
“That won’t be a problem.” Mia leaned forward and whispered, “I love you, Stan Lewis.”
He wrapped his arms around her, holding her close. “I love you, too.” And he knew he always would.



Ten months later…



Annabelle walked into the workroom of Nick’s gallery with a huge smile on her face.
“Come, little one,” Nick said proudly from beside her. “It is time to show us what you have been doing.”
For the last month, Annabelle had been working on a special project. Three days a week, Mia had taken her to the gallery after school and Stan had picked her up when he finished work.
It was hard to believe that ten months had passed since he’d told Mia he loved her. Warmth filled his chest when he thought of all the time they’d spent together. They’d shared laughter and tears, and taken huge leaps of faith in each other and the happiness they’d found.
Throughout everything, Nick and Kathy had been beside them, becoming an important part of everything that had happened.
“Wait! I need to take a photo.” Kathy rushed across to her bag. With her cell phone in her hand, she focused on Annabelle and Nick.
“Say cheese.”
“Cheese!” Annabelle and Nick said together. Their smiles were wide and contagious. 
Kathy smiled. “Very nice.”
Nick patted Annabelle’s shoulder. “I have a little speech to make for my dear Annabelle.” He cleared his throat. “I am very proud of Annabelle. She is a good girl and a wonderful artist, but more than that, she is a brave and courageous young lady. I am lucky to call her my friend.” Nick’s bottom lip trembled as Annabelle’s hand slipped into his.
Mia’s eyes filled with tears and Stan wrapped his arm around her waist. 
Nick took a deep breath. “I wish nothing but the best for my little Annabelle as she grows into a woman. I know that whatever she does in life, it will be done with kindness and compassion. Now, it is my pleasure to ask Annabelle to say a few words about her surprise.”
Annabelle stood beside an easel. Someone had draped a red cloth over the wooden frame, hiding the painting that was underneath. 
Stan’s heart pounded. No one, except his daughter, knew what was going to happen next. He was terrified that it would all go wrong, that Mia wouldn’t want to become a permanent part of their lives.
“Are you okay?” Mia whispered. 
He nodded and kissed the top of her head. “I’ll be fine.”
Annabelle looked across the room at him and smiled. It had never occurred to her that Mia wouldn’t want to marry him. Even as he’d tried to remind her gently that it was Mia’s decision, and she could say no, Annabelle’s faith in their commitment to each other had never wavered. 
Annabelle opened the speech she’d written last night. “As you all know, I’ve been working on a project for the last four weeks. Even Mr. Costas hasn’t seen it.” She grinned at Nick before looking back at her notes. “Before my dad and Mia started dating, Mr. Costas asked if I would like to add a picture to his memory wall. I thought about what I’d like to put on the wall for a long time. I wanted it to be special, just like Mia’s paintings.”
Annabelle looked uncertainly at Mia.
Stan had a feeling that the enormity of what was about to happen had just hit her. He started to move toward her, but she shook her head. 
He took a deep breath and stayed where he was. He wiped his hands on his jeans, felt the edge of the ring box in his jacket pocket, and tried to think positive thoughts. 
Annabelle’s grip on her speech notes tightened. “Until I met Mia, I didn’t know what it was like to have someone special in my life—apart from dad and my cousins. But now I’ve got lots of special people that I love. Nick is like a grandpa to me. He makes me cookies and lets me help him in the gallery. Kathy has taught me how to knit and play poker. And Mia has taught me how to paint and how to be a better person.” 
The look she sent Mia was filled with such longing that Stan’s eyes filled with tears. 
“The project I’ve been working on is a painting called, Coming Home. I called it that, because…” Annabelle swallowed deeply. “…whenever I think of everyone here, I get a warm fuzzy feeling in my stomach. And I get the same feeling when I’m coming home from somewhere. I hope you like it.”
Nick smiled through his tears and helped lift the cover off the painting. 
Stan had seen the canvas not long after Annabelle had started, but he’d never seen the finished painting. His eyes widened as he absorbed what she’d created.
Annabelle had painted a family portrait, but it was different to anything she’d painted before. Nick, Kathy, Mia, Stan, and Annabelle were standing in a circle with their arms wrapped around each other. They were looking up at the canvas as if a camera lens were hovering above them.
He was amazed that Annabelle had captured each person so clearly and what they meant to each other.
“Little one,” Nick said in awe. “This is beautiful. There is so much love, so much life. This is an extraordinary painting.”
Kathy kissed Annabelle’s cheek. “It’s lovely.”
Annabelle looked at Mia. “Is it okay?”
“It’s more than okay. I’m so impressed with you and your painting.” Mia wrapped Annabelle in a hug and held on tight. 
Annabelle looked over Mia’s shoulder at Stan and smiled. 
He stepped forward and his daughter moved away.
Mia wiped her eyes and took a deep breath. “I can’t believe…”
Stan got down on one knee and held her hand.
Mia’s eyes widened, then filled with more tears. “Oh, Stan.”
The words he’d spent all week practicing dissolved like cotton candy. All that was left was the way Mia made him feel, the way she’d become as important to him as the air he breathed.
“I love you, Mia. I’ve loved you for so long that I can’t imagine our lives without you. You’ve helped me see that love is a precious gift. That it’s possible to love more than once in a lifetime.” 
Tears fell down Mia’s face as he took the small black box out of his pocket. She bit her lip as he opened the lid, showing her the solitaire diamond he’d chosen with Annabelle.
He took a deep breath. “I want to spend the rest of my life showing you how much I love you. Will you marry me?”
Mia smiled through her tears and his heart leaped.
“I love you, too, Stan. I’m so happy that I…” She wiped her face and pulled him to his feet. “I’m glad you decided to give our love a chance to grow. I would be honored to marry you and be part of your life.”
He pulled Mia close, holding her against his chest and never wanting to let go.
“Dad!” Annabelle whispered. “You forgot to put the ring on Mia’s finger.”
“How about we do it together?”
The smile Annabelle sent him made his heart clench tight. He opened his arms, pulling her into a group hug. It felt right and so good.
“Time for another photo,” Kathy said as she stood in front of them.
Stan looked at Annabelle and she nodded. He took the ring out of its box and together, they slowly slipped it over Mia’s finger.
“It’s perfect.” Mia sighed.
And as everyone smiled for the camera, Stan knew he was the luckiest man in the world. For the second time in his life he had found his happily ever after.



THE END



Thank you for reading Coming Home. I hope you enjoyed it! If you did…


1.	Help other people find this book by writing a review.

2.	Sign up for my new releases e-mail,  so you can find out about the next book as 			soon as it’s available.

3.	Come like my Facebook page.

4.	Visit my website: leeannamorgan.com



Keep reading for a preview of The Gift, Brett and Hannah’s story, the sixth book in The Protectors Series!
THE GIFT
The Protectors Series, Book Six





Hannah stared at the spreadsheet in front of her. “I don’t see how we can organize the Ferguson’s party. The McKenzie’s fortieth wedding anniversary is on the same weekend.”
Claire, Hannah’s sister, peered over her shoulder. “We’re on track with our other events. What if I plan the party and book the contractors? I’ll need help with staging the event, but that’s it. Both of us don’t need to be at the McKenzie’s party.”
“If you think it will work, then that’s okay with me. But don’t book any more events for February.”
“Yes, boss.”
“I’m just looking after you.” 
Claire sipped her cup of coffee. “As your older sister, aren’t I supposed to look after you?”
“You’re too busy booking more events,” Hannah said half-seriously. 
“Talking about events, you’re not wearing that dress to the Christmas party, are you?”
Hannah touched the lace ruffle around her neck. “I’m going as a Victorian yuletide caroler from A Christmas Carol. Wait until you see the red jacket.”
“Sounds exciting.”
Hannah looked down at her green dress. “What’s wrong with what I’m wearing?”
“It’s a little…frumpy.”
“Frumpy? I spent hours searching the Internet for the perfect costume.”
Claire picked up the bag she’d left on a chair. “So did I, and I bought two.”
“I hope the extra costume is for Holly.” Claire’s elf costume wasn’t what she would have called ‘perfect’. For one thing, the red skirt was so short that one gust of wind would blow it around her waist. She had to admit that the red and white striped stockings were cute, and the white fur around the neckline wasn’t too bad, either.
“Holly’s going as a Christmas angel. The extra costume is for you.”
“I don’t think so.”
Claire smiled. “You’ll look beautiful. Come on. Just this once let me be your fairy godmother.”
The doorbell rang and Hannah grinned. “Saved by the bell.”
“Only for two minutes. As soon as Holly sees your dress she’ll agree with me.” 
Hannah closed her laptop and headed toward their front door. “I’m not wearing a teeny-tiny elf costume.” She opened the door. “Wow. You really are a Christmas angel.”
Holly’s blue eyes sparkled. “I bought the costume when I was in Scotland. I like your Victorian dress.”
“Don’t tell her that.” Claire pulled Holly into the living room. “Let me look at you.”
Holly spun in a circle. The tight, satin bodice of her dress exploded into a white tulle skirt. A pair of fluffy angel wings and a silver halo completed the costume. 
Hannah had met Holly a couple of years ago when she’d joined the Bozeman Arts Collective. Holly’s paintings were beyond anything Hannah could ever hope to create. With regular exhibitions at galleries around the world, Holly was one of the most successful artists in America. 
“I’ve got exciting news,” Holly said. “Daniel and I have finally set a date for our wedding.”
Hannah hugged her friend. “That’s wonderful. I never thought you’d find something that worked for both of you.”
“It hasn’t been easy,” Holly agreed. “But if we get married at Daniel’s home in mid-March, we’ll be able to go on our honeymoon after my exhibition in Germany.”
Claire’s eyes widened. “March is three months away.”
“That’s why I have a favor to ask.”
Hannah looked at her sister. 
“You said February,” Claire reminded her. “Not March.”
Holly looked expectantly at both sisters. “Our wedding will be small, but I don’t have time to do anything. My paintings have to be ready by the end of March for my exhibition.”
Hannah frowned. “When you say you don’t have time for anything, do you mean every single thing?”
Holly nodded. “Flowers, dresses, food, invitations…there are probably more things I haven’t thought about, but I don’t know what they are. Can you do it?”
Hannah smiled. “What do you think, Claire? Can we create a magical wedding for Holly and Daniel?”
“I don’t know.” 
Holly’s smile disappeared.
Hannah was shocked. Out of both of them, Claire was the one who usually said yes without thinking. 
Claire looked down at her costume. “There’s only one thing stopping me from saying yes.”
Hannah frowned at her sister. “You wouldn’t dare.”
“If you wear the extra elf costume to the Christmas party, I’ll say yes.”
Holly looked at Claire’s dress, then across at Hannah. “You’ll look amazing, especially if you’ve got a pair of red high heels.”
Hannah sighed. “Okay. I’ll do it. But if my skirt is more than half an inch shorter than Claire’s, I’m not wearing it.”
Holly hugged Hannah tight. “Thank you.”
“Don’t thank me yet,” Hannah grumbled. “I haven’t tried on the costume.”
Claire grabbed her hand. “There’s no time like the present. You’ll be amazed at what Holly and I can do.”
Hannah let her sister drag her upstairs. She could wear her green dress to an event they’d organized at a retirement village. And if she could make the skirt of the elf costume longer, she’d be even happier.

***
Brett Forster didn’t often sit with his feet up in front of the fire. But tonight, with the wind howling outside and more snow on its way, there wasn’t anywhere else he wanted to be. 
“Did Jackson take a look at the northern boundary?” he asked Thomas, one of the ranch hands. 
“All done. Did you get the tractor to start?”
“It was easier than I thought. We had a spare set of spark plugs in the garage.” 
“Is there anything else you want to know?” Thomas asked around a mouthful of hot beef casserole.
Brett stretched his arms above his head and yawned. “Nope. My brain’s switching off for the night.”
“I wouldn’t switch it off too fast. There’s a party in town and you’re the only one who’ll still be here—apart from Mr. McConachie, that is.”
Pat McConachie owned the sprawling Double Circle Ranch. Set over forty thousand acres, it was an hour’s drive from Bozeman. Eight years ago, Brett had returned to the ranch as its foreman. Since then, his role had grown to cover just about anything that needed to be done.
“Who’s driving?” Brett asked.
“Dave. He swears he’s not going to drink and drive.”
“Tell him from me that he better not. He’s already had one warning. There won’t be another.”
Thomas tore a chunk of bread off the loaf that Mrs. Bennett had left in the kitchen. “I’ll tell him. Are you sure you don’t want to come with us?”
“Don’t take this the wrong way, but spending the night in a noisy bar packed with college students and cowboys, isn’t my idea of fun.”
“Suit yourself, but you’ll miss a good night.”
Brett didn’t need the type of good night Thomas was talking about. “Just remember you’re feeding the cattle with me tomorrow morning. I’m leaving here no later than seven-thirty.”
“No problem. Thanks for the casserole.”
“You’re welcome. Next time, get home faster. You’re lucky Mrs. Bennett gave me extra.”
“She always does.” With the last of the casserole gone, Thomas rinsed his plate and added it to the dishwasher. “I need to get changed. See you tomorrow, boss.”
“Don’t do anything I wouldn’t.”
Thomas’s smile was instant. “You always say that and you know what happens.”
“Yeah. You don’t listen to me.”
“That about sums it up.” Thomas pulled on his jacket and hat. “If I’m not home by two o’clock, don’t send out a search party.”
“As long as you’re up in time to feed the cattle, you can do what you want.”
Thomas snorted as he left Brett’s cottage. They both knew it had never been that easy.





AVAILABLE NOW!


Other Contemporary Romances by Leeanna Morgan

Montana Brides:
Book 1: Forever Dreams (Gracie and Trent)
Book 2: Forever in Love (Amy and Nathan)
Book 3: Forever After (Nicky and Sam)
Book 4: Forever Wishes (Erin and Jake)
Book 5: Forever Santa: a Montana Brides Christmas Novella
Book 6: Forever Cowboy (Emily and Alex)
Book 7: Forever Together (Kate and Dan)
Book 8: Forever and a Day (Sarah and Jordan)

The Bridesmaids Club:
Book 1: All of Me (Tess and Logan)
Book 2: Loving You (Annie and Dylan)
Book 3: Head Over Heels (Sally and Todd)
Book 4: Sweet on You (Molly and Jacob)

Emerald Lake Billionaires:
Book 1: Sealed with a Kiss (Rachel and John)
Book 2: Playing for Keeps (Sophie and Ryan)
Book 3: Crazy Love (Holly and Daniel)
Book 4: One And Only (Elizabeth and Blake)

The Protectors:
Book 1: Safe Haven (Hayley and Tank)
Book 2: Just Breathe (Kelly and Tanner)
Book 3: Always (Mallory and Grant)
Book 4: The Promise (Ashley and Matthew)
Book 5: Coming Home (Mia and Stan)
Book 6: The Gift (Hannah and Brett)
Book 7: The Wish (Claire and Jason)


