

	                   

Completeness:

…Love Trapped in Time

















The Characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. Any names of organizations, institutions, or business establishments were intended to be common and generic in nature and do not refer to any specifically using the same or similar names.

Copyright 2021 Harper Landmark 

ISBN   978-0-9969399-4-2


CHAPTER 1 – Lady Anne

Circa April 1540 Leicester, England
All of me



No one would look at her face. She was merely a thing, an object, a gruesome spectacle to behold that might transport them from their borderline existence if for only one heart wrenching instant. For once, a royal, this noble-born woman was worse off than them. They didn’t want a second of the lurid anticipation to be ruined by sympathy that familiarity with her face might bring. They had not come to see the sparkle of life in her eyes; they had come to see it extinguished and her head pierced onto a pike for display. 
The executioner strode out first in his black leather hood and apron. His huge bulk towered over the rotting wood planks of the platform. Despite his height, the gleaming edge of his freshly ground curved ax was a good head taller than him. Next came Lady Anne dressed in a white robe and clutching a leather-bound book to her chest with both of her badly bruised hands. Her trademark long blonde hair had been crudely chopped short to erratic lengths for the benefit of the ax. There was a large bruise on her cheek and unattended cuts on her forehead. Her head was lowered, and she seemed to be speaking softly but combatively to herself, in disbelief that her life had fallen to this. A member of the guard flanked her on each side, and a priest followed remorsefully behind.
The captain of the guard stood waiting for them beside the stump of a tree that sat in the middle of the raised platform. He seemed cheery and, in a hurry, to be elsewhere, dressed in his finest clothes, and snapping his fingers and gesturing for the procession to hurry. When they finally reached the stump, the guards halted Anne, and each took hold of one of her arms causing the book she clutched to fall and become irrelevant. The captain stepped to the front of the platform and spoke to the large crowd that filled the little courtyard with spectators and grisly expectations. He lifted his hand for attention. “You are here today to witness what becomes of those who dare question our king’s divine right to rule. So, it will be done to her, so, it will be done to all who challenge him.”  With that, he backed to the rear of the platform and gestured to the two guards. They seemed reluctant, but pushed Anne closer to the stump, clearly surprised by her sudden resistance, and they made little progress. 
Anne spun her head and appealed to the priest, “Father! Where is the Lord in all this? Surely, he will not forsake me for being truthful and chaste!” 
The priest shook his head and lowered his eyes to the bible he held in both hands before he lowered it to his side. Now Anne knew she was truly alone. In a burst of defiance, she stretched the arms of her guards to their limits and leapt toward the crowd. 
“He is no more your king than is that horse over there! In fact, that horse might be more fit to rule! Although, his backside does remind me of the King!” she cried. A chuckle ran through the crowd, and even her two guards laughed. The captain glared at the guards who, chastened, reeled Anne back to the stump. “Believe me! Help me!” she pleaded as she was forced to surrender to the powerful guards. “Your king will have to answer to God and so will you!”
“Enough!” yelled the captain, kicking her in the backs of her knees until she knelt on the splintered deck.
“What manner of king is afraid of a woman’s earnest voice?” she yelled to the crowd as she struggled against the guards forcing her down on the stump. “My William will save me!”
The crowd stood awed with their mouths open, many murmuring words of sympathy for this poor noble woman who they had so misjudged. At this, the Captain gave an irritated gesture to the executioner to prepare. 
“William!” Anne screamed in a shrill tone before appealing to the crowd. “Help me, all of you, help me! You are so many, and they are so few!” she begged the crowd who had come only to watch a spectacle, not to be part of it. Having no interest in being resigned to her death, she screamed as she struggled in the grip of the guards who found her hard to contain as she squirmed and occasionally escaped their grip. “Help me, please! Won’t someone save a woman whose only crime is truth? I’m doing this for you!” The crowd began turning their eyes away. Her cries sapped the excitement out of the event, reminding them of their own day-to-day struggles. “Are you all cowards! He is not your King! You have to listen! I can prove it!” She bit at hands that tried to hold her down on her knees and kicked wildly like a bucking horse. One barefoot kick connected to a guard’s groin stunning him and ending any sense of sympathy he’d held for her. 
Taking advantage of his brief incapacitation, Anne freed one arm and struggled to stand. The other guard held her arm but was saddened at her pitiful floundering and shook his head. His solemn face made it obvious that he took no joy in being part of the noble woman’s coming murder. “Come on now. Is this any way for a fine Lady like you to act?” he asked trying to calm her. In a fraction of a second, Anne’s freed hand shot out and punched the guard solidly in the nose with a grunt of exertion. Then again, a second time. 
 “No!..No its not! You put your head down on that stump and we‘ll see if you feel like a Lady!”
 Now both guards’ eyes glowed with anger and they took no time to regain control and force her down on to the stump. “Please! Someone! Please!” 
The executioner produced a short rope and handed it to the guards who fought to tighten it around Anne’s flailing hands. He looped another to put over her neck to control the wild movements of her head. Instead of helping her, most in the crowd seemed to shrink away from the platform as the struggling noblewoman cries had lessened the grisly fun of the event they had come to see, while others turned even more wide eyed and fascinated by her struggle. 
The one notable exception was a man in a white hooded robe with gold belt and trim. He scanned the crowd around him, clearly looking for someone. After a few moments, he let out a frustrated sigh and began a fixated march toward the deck. A woman with long auburn hair chased after him purposefully, and her hands brought his shoulders to a quick halt. 
“Let the bitch die! Let her go for just this once!” she implored. 
“This is not happening to her, not again,” The man said before pushing her roughly aside. Then he stormed through the crowd, pushing people out of his way as he went. His focused charge came to an abrupt halt when another man leapt upon the deck behind the captain.
At that very moment, the Captain had stepped back, not wanting blood spattered on his boots, and the momentum of the step brought a sword into his back and out through his chest. He watched the sword retract, fell to his knees, and then onto his face. 
Next William’s sword slashed below the knee of the executioner who toppled over in anguish clutching at his severed leg. His ax no longer a concern, fell from his hands, burying its lustrous edge deeply into the dry wood beside him as he writhed and pleaded for help from a God he somehow had just found. Two of William’s companions leapt up on the deck with swords drawn quickly dispatching the surprised guards who were preoccupied with reining in Anne’s energetic rebellion. In that way, her resistance helped execute the guards who were bent on her murder.
William scanned the platform for other threats, then lifted Anne to her feet. Before letting herself be led off the deck, Anne stopped to kick the captain’s corpse several times with her bare foot. “Bastard,” she exclaimed as she kicked, grunting in effort as she landed each blow. William didn’t want to shorten her revenge but also knew they needed to move. He yanked on her arm, and she finally joined him in running to the edge of the platform. He jumped down, then William put out his arms for Anne to leap into, and his two companions landed beside them. They hurried across the courtyard to waiting horses while chaotic fury erupted around them. The townspeople who had witnessed the carnage on the deck were now in fear for their lives.
Anne took hold of William in a violent caress. “William, my William.”
William returned her caress, kissed her on the neck, then let go. “I will always be there for you,” he said into her glowing brown eyes, then returned to focus on his task.” My Lady, we must away.”
She smiled and took his face in both hands. “Yes, and tonight you shall have all of me,” she said as joyful tears began to glisten in the corner of her eyes and overflow the ones of sorrow that were already on her cheeks.
William paused for a moment before a smile curled to his lips and his eyes widened. He helped her up on her horse, then he and his companions quickly mounted.
“William! Wait! I must have the book. It’s the only way to prove who my grandmother was and the true King’s lineage. I need it!”
“Then you shall have it,” answered William, dismounting and gesturing for his comrades to do the same. They ran through the turmoil in the courtyard with the threat of their swords enough to clear the way from anyone they encountered…until they reached the man in the white and golden robe. William came upon him, stopped, and gestured him aside with his sword. 
The man bowed slightly and waved him on toward the platform saying, “Be my guest.” He smirked as William hurried past, then shook his head muttering to himself, “Good luck this time, Schmuck”.
 William and his men leapt onto the platform unchallenged. When he bent down for the leather book spotted with the captain’s blood that lay beside the stump, an arrow pierced him in the shoulder, and another stung him in the leg. Still others buried themselves in the deck and into his two companions. William staggered toward the edge of the deck but was halted by another wave of arrows. Soldiers arrived in a clanking march and surrounded them. A dozen of them slowly closed the circle then halted. In unison the soldier’s pikes sliced into William and his comrades. Their blood and those they had dispatched mingled together in a pool that dripped off the rotted wood, trickling by the small leather book clutched in William’s lifeless fingers.
“William!” Anne screamed as her horse reared then bolted out the main gate.

***
ARCHIE
There, do you see what I’m talking about? A woman, who I meticulously picked for him, said, “You shall have all of me tonight,” and what does this asshole do? Walks into an ambush, and for what, a book? William could fall to the ground and miss. Sorry, sorry, I don’t mean to vent all this on you. It’s not your fault. You have no idea of the frustrations working with William brings. You see I’m not normally like this. Believe me, I’m a great guy. If I had any friends, you could ask them. I’m a guardian angel, a very successful one. You’d be lucky to be my client…thrilled! In fact, maybe you’re my client already. I’ll check. But when I match couples, they normally friggin’… stay together—unless one’s name is William. 
 It’s been like this for years…hundreds of them! William started out with nothing and now has only half of it left. How am I ever going to get this dud to find his soulmate if he keeps getting himself killed? Dying must be a hobby of his or something. Anne…heir to a royal family, how could he have blown that? They had been inseparable since they were kids. And just look at her! She was wearing a loose robe but even I could tell she was packin’. My Lord, those eyes, like glowing brown portals to paradise! The Big Guy even marked her as a genetic rarity with the unusual combo of blonde hair and vivid brown eyes. And, with all Anne’s fire, assertiveness, and passion, I thought she was gonna end up beheading them!  
Man. What good is being an angel if no one listens to you? I was right back then, and I still am today, William is the leading asshole on this miserable planet, yet he has to be my friggin client!
Come to think of it, I still have that white and gold robe I wore that day. I’ve used it for toga parties and even a disco night since then; don’t ask. I might have got that robe dirty, but I could have been the one saving Anne too. Hell, I had been her protector so many times before. One good Jedi push, and a couple of slashes with my light saber and that would have been it. God, why did you give Jedis all the fun? I just thought William had it under control. Why did I even think he would be good enough to really protect her? Take some deep breaths, Archie. Find your center. Crap, I’m still furious just thinking about it even now, hundreds of years later.

***

CHAPTER 2 – Cherubim

Circa April 2019 -New York USA
Viva la difference



ARCHIE
I probably should introduce myself. I imagine the idea of angels in your midst might seem passe to you “enlightened” folk, but here the hell I am. And I imagine you might think an angel is some pure flawless white…thing with wings. Well, you try dealing with humans for thousands of years and see how much mud you get on your boots. Some days I’m up to my knees and the downfall of crap gets so bad I need a hat. Angel, my ass!
Hey, we’re no secret. I am what they call a Cherub. I know, I know, immediately you think of some chubby little winged baby boy running around with a full diaper and a stupid smile. Well, that ain’t me. Some artist in the renaissance came up with that image. Another guy put a bow and arrow in the picture, so now us Cherubim are roly poly cupids. In reality, we’re far from it. Forget the wings, halos, and the other myths. We’re sort of like clouds, amorphous billowing consciousness. But I can do the winged-robe thing if it makes you feel better. We are white, after wash day, and able to morph into whatever shape and being we need to be to fit the situation and planet we are working on. If you care to read, they mention us hundreds of times in the Bible. Ezekiel was a blabbermouth who couldn’t stop writing about us. He had us appearing as just about anything from a bush, to an animal, to a plague. The plague was my cousin Al, still is. Honestly, I’m a good angel. It’s just the other 99% that give us a bad name.
Originally the Cherubim were a high order of angels that the Big Guy assigned important projects. We were the ones he chose to protect the gates of the Garden of Eden when Earth was “under construction”. I know, I know, everyone says, “Hey, how did that work out for ya?” We protected the gates just fine. That friggin’ snake was already inside the garden, and guess what, the Big Guy put it there himself.
We cherubim are timeless beings, you see. This enables us to blend our appearance and accents to any time we appear in. Mortals see and hear only what they can comprehend. But when we Cherubim are having a discussion, our language is always contemporary and may not match the time we are in.  Also, I can morph into any form I need. So, if on some drunken night your dog starts giving you life-changing advice, you might want to listen. We slide back and forth through time and historical periods like ice cubes on a hot griddle. In the sliding we get glimpses of things that will relate to the time we’re heading into. So, on occasion we get glimpses of the future, sort of like the Ghost of Christmas yet to come, only vastly more attractive. 
When he began remodeling earth after he lost his patience with the whole dinosaur thing, the Big Guy was thinking about his success with “fusion”. He had already brought his smallest element, hydrogen, together to make the sun’s flame and bring light to the vastness of his new canvas of the universe, and thought “Wow, what kind of power could I create if I fused larger more complex elements?” Voila! The experimental blueprint for Earth was born. He came up with using his idea of male and female electron configurations, two halves incomplete alone but when fused together, a complete soul; soulmates. The concept was separate from his anatomical male and female differentiation, which sometimes is at odds with the electron configuration. It’s a work in progress, so give the Big Guy a few thousand years to patch that glitch. To give all our clients the best chance to fuse, we Cherubs knew your configuration when we were assigned your case. 
The key electron shell the Big Guy kept referring to was LSP6. It kept coming up in every discussion. “LSP6 will flower like a million suns,” he’d wax poetically.  Sounded beautiful, so we all nodded. When a fusion was complete, he expected a release of energy that would populate the universe with a life-giving force that would make even the suns seem dim. It doesn’t happen every time soulmates find each other, but when it does… I’ve seen it in all its amazing glory. It’s a vast green gold sparkling cloud of light. Just one fusion can bring life to an entire solar system or even a galaxy. And there are plenty of solar systems needing the injection of life. The Big Guy has a lot of “for rent” signs out over an unthinkable number of solar systems in an unthinkable number of galaxies etc., etc. So, fusion of soulmates and their life-giving force is in super high demand and super low supply, thus a high priority project. It’s a critical job, and so you bring in the best, the cherubim, to foster the soulmate fusion project. It’s still in the experimental phase, but the Big Guy won’t give up trying to perfect it. If you are patient enough to take millions of years to evolve a fish into one with legs, spending 50,000 years on soulmate fusion is just a bat of an eye. 
Throughout time there have been many couples we all thought were sure things to fuse. Some pan out, some don’t. The Big Guy isn’t keen on betting, but that never stops the thrill-seeking Cherubim. I had good money on Adam and Eve. Hence, the garden of Eden, and Adam and Eve. And double hence, I signed on as his trusted Cherubim to guard and supervise the whole thing. You win some, lose some.
But anyway, that’s when the Big Guy lost focus. The ideas just kept coming, exciting him until he wanted more… and more. He planned all kinds of experiments for the remodeled Earth. The one that bit him in the behind was, dare I say it, “free will”. Rather than plodding along with his trusty concept of the fixed “laws of nature”, the Big Guy wanted to give his new creations free will so that they would bounce around and develop independently, free to adjust and make a precise fusion. Several of us tried to explain to him that the precision implied by the “Meant to be” inherent in soulmates, when faced with the randomness created by the choice inherent in Free Will, would make our soulmate job very difficult. We warned him, but he was determined. You know geniuses. He just mumbled to himself, cause no one else understood him, about mega joules of energy being released per unit mass not being a direct relationship but being infinitely and repeatedly squared by the anticipatory unit of chance. He even wrote out the formula, but to be honest, his handwriting sucks. So, we just nodded. All I got out of it was somehow free will gave humans a mechanism for solving their problems by making all the fine adjustments necessary for a perfect soulmate alignment to happen. This gives a human, even one born into horrible circumstance, the ability to strive and still reach a soulmate fusion. In fact, such a navigator who had learned to overcome challenges might be even better equipped to reach fusion. It was another one of his famous, it’s hard but it’s the hard that makes it great, stories. That may have worked if humans were interested in fine adjustments for perfect soulmate alignment, but no. Humans are always driven by the next shiny object.
The Big Guy spent millennia perfecting what he felt was the perfect way for two souls’ brains to fuse. He made the electron configuration of a male brain single processor focused high energy, suited to do a single task in a focused relentless manner. The female electron configuration was distributed multi-processors capable of working in several life directions simultaneously, like roots drawing from the earth. The idea was that the woman would be the nucleus, the core material of the explosion, and the man’s focused energy would be the igniter. Separately they served a function as beings, but when harmoniously fitted together, the energy saved by the union would release on a massive scale. 
Again, we pointed out the flaw in his plan—this time, that it might be hard to get soulmates together if the way their brains worked wasn’t the same. His response, “They aren’t supposed to be the same! The power is in the differences. It’s how the electrons of the male fit perfectly and complete the electron shells for the female all the way up the electron shell chain that will release the energy. A sun has all its power from one electron filling one electron shell and fusing. How much energy to you think will come from multiple electrons dropping into shells simultaneously! The yin the yang! The perfect match. Again, we nodded. The Big Guy seemed very certain. He worked out all the wave lengths, frequencies, and amplitudes but couldn’t get them to align predictively or as often as he had hoped. The Big Guy knew about protons, neutrons, and electrons, but he failed to consider morons. Still, on occasion, I gotta hand it to The Big Guy. Sometimes it works. Fusion required everything in perfect alignment, but when they did, when they did, Holy Shit!
The Big Guy didn’t stop there. He wanted to increase the chances of soulmates running into one another, just as he had done with hydrogen, using gravity to funnel hydrogen atoms into colliding to fuse in the sun. He spent eons perfecting the female form to draw men to them and merge perfectly. I watched as he went through version after version, in his “spare” time of course taken away from running the rest of the universe. First, he softened the features of the female face so even the dimmest of men could identify them. He made women smaller to appear as less of a threat. Got rid of a lot of hair in some places, then rethought and added it to others. He softened the voice. Next came the added curves which served the functions of childbirth well, but also differentiated women from men very clearly, even from afar. Then he made men’s brains sensitive to visual stimuli, not only to make men more functional but to make certain they noticed all the female improvements the Big Guy had made. The VSM, Visual Stimulus Module, added to men’s brains was actually a monstrous upgrade. The Big Guy had designed it to be a very potent observational and soulmate-making-fusion-generating tool. The VSM made men better hunters, observers, competitors, and made them more spatially aware. At the same time however even the smallest patch of bare skin detected on a woman by the VSM set it off like the nuclear blast, turning the man’s focused attention to a possible soulmate.  Women were confused by the VSM and the manic attention from males that it brought to them. It frightened some but others learned to use it to their advantage. VSM use was both seriously villainized and at the same time gave birth to the fashion and cosmetic industries. Despite the bad press, I took in a VSM for myself, just to test for scientific purposes you understand. That little sucker changed my life.
Despite that little misunderstanding of brain compatibility, the Big Guy added all kinds of useless fatty material to women’s otherwise small functional breasts to make doubly sure no man would mistake a woman. That’s when I doubled down on my bet that Adam and Eve would fuse. This was one of his greatest ideas yet and I felt certain that now men would be easily able to find a mate and the odds of fusion would be dramatically higher. 
Then he added the “orgasm” module to all human brains. After I saw what that little baby could do, I thought humans would do nothing but search for soulmates and probably starve. I got one of those for myself too, again for scientific study, of course, Ay caramba! 
Soon even the angels were differentiating themselves as Male or Female or Both. Angel body types changed to follow the Earth model the Big Guy had created. My focused style blended with the male style brain. I bummed around using different body types for a few centuries, just to mix things up. It wasn’t until I found the Greeks worshiping a god named Apollo, that I found a body type I could be comfortable with. Not because he was considered a God, but instead because he was considered a God. Chicks dug him, not that that entered into my decision, but it was because chicks dug him. So, I’ve stuck with the Apollo form for a few thousand years. Changed the part in my hair, but pretty much kept the same form.  Hard to improve perfection, at least that’s what my mirror says.
We were all confident the experiment would be a powerful blast of success. That was until the vapors of free will that had been genetically spliced to Earth drifted up and entered everyone’s nostrils. Soon some of the Cherubim were acting strangely. They ignored their duties, sometimes even doing the opposite of the instructions, while others lounged in the paradise of Eden enjoying what it had to offer rather than developing it as instructed. It was a mess, and I didn’t know who I could depend on anymore. Evil angels loathed good angels. I hate angels like that. I felt a feeling of foreboding as we awaited Adam and Eve’s arrival.
The rest is history. Like day One, Adam and Eve fell for temptation from “the other side” and using free will, mucked up the whole Earth experiment. Yeah, it was day One. I was there!
You see there are not only angels, “doers” like me, there are the “undoers”, a group of anti-angels. They’re angels but they don’t necessarily follow the rules when they are under the influence of the “free will” spliced to Earth; anywhere else, angels, but on Earth; who knows. For these sailors on eternal shore leave it is always sex, run-amok, don’t-tell-mom, I-can-still-drive, and can-you-make-my-bail time. Fort Lauderdale at spring break was like a Bible Study Group by comparison. The snake and the apple came from one of those. Undoers love chaos and doing things just because they like it. They enjoy tempting, toying, and redirecting the simple human folk because it is so easy to dupe the simple fellows. I suppose the strict “law of nature” life can be boring to some. Some call them the devil or evil. I just call them angels who are fucked up. I had lost close friends to the other side.
Soon Eve was trying to change the way Adam’s brain worked, totally unable to comprehend or appreciate his focused concentration. While Adam had no idea which Eve he would be talking to next as she crested waves of a variety of thoughts, concerns, and changing emotions seemingly simultaneously arising from her multiple processing brain. And then there was the whole crying thing. For women it was simply hitting the reset button, but to men it was confusing. I suppose if you have a lot of processors you need to do a lot of resetting. That’s a good thing but I couldn’t explain that to Adam.
The advantages of the woman’s brain design had a flaw. The multiprocessors in women’s brains didn’t all point in the same direction very often, leaving women to feel like their non-stop thoughts were like a swarm of bees in their heads that just wouldn’t stay in a line. Men’s brains focused on solving each immediate problem not aware that their women had already moved on. This led men to be stung by woman’s bee-like mobile thoughts. Without women’s processor able to focus solely on fusion, they bounced off men like parts that didn’t fit. Or if the woman’s processors were perfectly aligned, who’s to say a shiny object might divert a man’s focus. All of it was based on the fact that they wanted to change one another, to be more like themselves. Each wanted to put the other in terms they could understand, rather than accept themselves and each other for what they were designed to be, different on purpose but able to join together, fuse, and release a massive eternal life-giving energy. One French guy said Viva la difference, but today he is all but forgotten. The Big Guy’s design was complementing halves that clicked into a whole, but rarely did humans embrace the concept.
 Free will made humans lose track of the beauty and simplicity of The Big Guy’s design. It made them focus on me rather than us. The meticulously created precision of fusion got forgotten in everyday life. Soon women began thinking that men could not be their soulmate because, even though they could build skyscrapers and atomic plants, they weren’t capable of taking out the trash properly. While the male brain couldn’t fathom how to take advantage of the multi-faceted female brain. If a woman can get all those processors lined up in one direction…look out, anything is possible, and wonders do happen. In fact, I use that whenever I need to make something that, to humans, looks like a miracle. Nope, not that hard, just line up a woman’s brain and focus all the processors in one direction and stand back.  In a world governed by simple laws of nature the Big Guy’s creations would behave in a predictable way. But with Free Will added, who knew? 
The Big Guy immediately realized his mistake, debated another asteroid cleansing of Earth, but was so in love with the concept of sex and fusion that he couldn’t bear to do the whole fire and brimstone thing to earth again. He brought in his trusted Cherubim and assigned each of us to, resist the tide of free will, the efforts of the undoers, and help bring soulmates together in the chaos he’d accidentally created with “choice”.
So, Earth has been my job for a few thousand years. I’ve seen ‘um come and go and go again. You see in each lifetime, the soulmates cross and have a chance to find one another and fuse, if you know what I mean, wink wink. The Big Guy used sex as motivation for the soulmates to find one another. If they fail, the same souls designed to fit one another swing around again in the next lifetime for another try. Some people call it chemistry when really it is the magnetic draw of the fusion potential between partners. The Big Guy mentioned something about this magnetic draw emanating from the eyes, but he talks so fast. 
That should bring you up to date on my frustrations with William. He’s been swinging around for hundreds of years. He missed with Anne. The next one would be better. It had to be. Didn’t it? Take a look.

***
CHAPTER 3 – Alexandra

Circa April 1775 Lexington, Massachusetts USA
Standing on the shore looking stupid



It was cold for April. The weather flared up the gout in Cyrus’ knees to the point where he could barely make his way to the fireplace of the family’s little farmhouse. He clutched a cup of warm reassuring tea and settled uncomfortably into his chair. He was a survivor of a hard life. Wounded as a soldier in the Indian wars, now battling age, and the loss of his sweet Susanna, he was still defiant to a God who seemed to want to load him down with more than he could bear.
His pregnant daughter, Grace, shuffled her long dress into the room and handed him a small plate of bread and jam. “There you go Father.” Cyrus grumbled a thank you. Grace noticed her father’s discomfort and the paltry flames of the fire. “I’ll get some wood.”
“No, you tell your brother…” he said stopping short when young William came through the front door with an armful of cut wood. He piled the logs on the hearth, placed two of them in the flames, then stoked the embers till the fire jumped to life. 
“Give it a minute. We’ll get ya warmed up, “William said. 
Cyrus said nothing but Grace smiled. “There father, William took care of everything.” 
William gave a pitied sighed at his father’s discomfort, then started walking back out the door. 
Cyrus raised his arm in a slow climb. “Wait. There’s no way I can go with you into town. Your sister’s too far along to travel and her husband’s tending the animals. Planting is coming soon. You’ll have to go by yourself. Now, you think you can handle that?”
“Sure.”
“I mean it now. No stopping off. No drinkin’. No whorin’. No seeing the sights. Get the supplies and get home. Now, you think you can do that? If not for me for your sister,” Cyrus said before his throat clenched into a cough.
“I’ll do it for all of us,” William said, giving his sister a bemused smile.
Cyrus winced as he lifted a pouch off from around his neck and held it out for William. “Now, that’s it. That’s all we got. You take care of that with your life. And only buy from Jacob. He’s got our order. Remember, no one but Jacob.”
William took the pouch and rested his hand on Cyrus’ shoulder. “Do you forget? I’ve gone there with ya for years. I know what to do. Don’t worry.”

***

William sensed a feeling of relief when he, the horse, and their wagon were finally on the road and away from the farm. He breathed in the freedom like it was air. He reached into the sack on the seat beside him and found a cloth containing some bread Grace had packed for him. He munched and smiled as he looked around at the trees lining the road and heard the birds chatter. Freedom was glorious and the world his for the taking. He saw a lake beside the road with the morning sun glistening off its surface, and it seemed like the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. He stopped the wagon, jumped a stone fence, and ran to the lake. Wild geese surrounded it and he chased them until they flew. Then he stared at the sunny sky and spun in a circle before collapsing back on the grass, enjoying the sensation of the cold earth beneath his spine and feeling certain he was alive.
Hours later, the modest one- and two-story buildings of Lexington began to appear. He marveled at how many new ones had gone up since he’d seen them last year. It took him a minute to find Jacob’s store. He stopped his wagon in front of it, began walking in the store, then stopped and decided to slowly stroll the streets to see what new things there were to be seen. His father’s warnings echoed in his mind, yet he didn’t see how a few minutes could possibly matter or seriously change the world.
He went to the end of Jacob’s store then turned to walk toward the town square remembering a tavern nearby. He bought himself a pint of hard cider, finished it, and began feeling quite happy with himself. After emptying the pint, he headed to the door. Time to get to Jacob’s. After only a few steps a finely dressed man ran into him and took hold of his shoulders.
“Can I help you, friend?” William asked, shrugging out of the man’s grasp.
 	The man said nothing, just smiled apologetically, then scurried to a table without a word. The man’s actions seemed strange but feeling the hard cider take its effect, William didn’t give it a moment’s further thought. “Friendly little town,” William mumbled to himself.
 	No sooner had he left the tavern when he nearly collided with two young women in long dresses and bonnets as they scurried passed. They were elegant and sweet smelling compared the milkmaids he was used to. He bowed an apology but one of them with dark hair and spectacles still seemed offended. The other, a blonde-haired beauty stared at him shamelessly as if they were familiar to one another. She held his gaze, which locked him breathlessly frozen in place for a long moment. William watched them continue on their way, but the blonde turned back and looked at him again with brown eyes and a smile that snared him like a trap. Her eyes were alive and made William feel like the two them shared a secret. Was she really as beautiful as she seemed or was he just captivated by her unexpected attention or was it just his pint of cider? William was familiar with women but not one like this. Well, there was Constance, a neighbor girl who lived on a next farm over. Everyone felt they would be married one day, everyone but William. He imagined fate handing him a woman more like a Greek Goddess or demigod at least, like those he read about in books at night beside the fireplace. Opportunities like this came seldom in his slow life on the farm. Rarely did he feel the tingling in his brain and excited energy in his body that this woman’s gaze made him feel. He stopped, thought about it, then turned to follow the woman with the welcoming eyes. Jacob could wait a bit longer. 
William pursued them without any idea of what to say or how to meet her. He just watched encouraged by the occasional turn of her head that told him she knew he was there.
 As they approached an area congested with horses and carts, a frustrated deliveryman took a whip to the horse pulling his overloaded wagon. It whinnied then began to rear up. The deliveryman’s solution was to use more whip. The horse reared repeatedly threatening its harness and the two women and a small group of people who walked beside it. Something made the woman with the welcoming eyes trip and fall to the ground as her companion fled. The horse reared and slammed its hooves to the ground, one tearing at the woman’s dress just missing her leg and the other landing beside her chest. She screamed in terror. Again, the horse’s raised hooves threatened to fall on her until William put himself between them and tried to calm the horse. The horse’s hooves landed at William’s feet as he grabbed its bridle and brought the horse to calm. He stroked the horse’s nose then turned his attention to the deliveryman. William stormed at him, took his whip, and struck him with it over and over, “There how do you like it!” The toothless deliveryman cringed. William threw the whip on the ground and turned to help the frightened woman to her feet. Instinct had led him that far, but now suddenly he had to deal with her face to face. Her glowing eyes caused a sudden burst of uncertainty that made his stomach flop and made him feel sick inside. “You all right?” were the words that came to mind.
“Fine,” she answered brushing her dirty torn dress.
William stood awkwardly for a moment, at a loss for words. Then with the adrenalin still running in his veins and feeling like a fool, he turned to walk back to Jacob’s. Oddly, however, the woman followed. He increased his pace and so did she. When he glanced behind him, he found her in aggressive pursuit, a determined look on her face. He could hear her relentless footsteps hurrying after him faster and faster. There seemed to be no way to escape her. When he finally stopped, she was right behind him. 
“What did you say to him?” she asked almost laughing.
“What?” answered William, turning around.
“The man with the horse. Did you really say, there how do you like it?” she said trying to imitate William’s gruff tone.
William smiled and gave a little laugh suddenly realizing what had happened in the heat of the moment. “I guess I did.”
She put her hand over her mouth and laughed. “And you hit him with the whip!”
“I guess so,” he said shyly.
“Do you always act so protectively of horses?” she asked, a little twinkle in her voice.
William smiled and shook his head. “No,” he said softly knowing full well who he was protecting.
“My name is Alexandra,” she said firmly and then awaited a response.
William shifted nervously, somehow unable to speak.
“I figured you should know the name of the woman whose life you probably saved. And you are…”
William stopped and stood awkwardly. “William, my name is William. Glad to meet ya.”
“No, it’s me who’s glad to meet you. If not for you I might be as torn as my dress.” She stepped closer and looked up into his eyes. “You know the moment I saw you I knew there was something familiar about you. And here, the lord sent you to protect me. It was providence.”
“No, it was my father sendin’ me ta town for supplies.”
Alexandra smiled coyly. “Did he also tell you to follow young ladies?”
William took some deep breaths then studied her face and fell into her eyes. “No, he didn’t. That was my idea.”
Now Alexandra became nervous. “Why?”
“I don’t know,” he said looking at the ground, before a sudden jolt of courage charged him as he began fearing he was failing to impress her. “That’s a lie,” he said shaking his head. “It was yer eyes. “He slowly moved in closer to her and breathed deeply, “I’ve never seen anything like ‘em. It seems like I know ya from somewhere.”
“Windows to the soul,” she said seeming out of breath.
What?”
“That’s what I read. Your eyes are the windows to your soul.”
“Yours are, and they’re beautiful,” William said then dropped his head shyly.
They both stood for a long moment in silence. William’s arms thought they knew what to do and began reaching for her, but the rest of him didn’t.
Alexandra’s companion caught up with them, then began brushing the dirt off the back of Alexandra’s dress. “Are you alright? Heaven’s that horse could have killed you!” 
“I’m fine.”
“Let’s get you home. Luckily father’s a doctor. He’ll see if you’re fine or not…I don’t believe that happened. Come on,” she said pulling Alexandra along.
William subtly reached out his hand for Alexandra and she reached back for him without their fingers meeting. William watched them leave. Both women glanced back at him, and Alexandra’s companion gave him a suspicious gaze over the rims of her spectacles.
William leaned back against the wall of a store, crossed his muddy worn boots, and watched them all the way down the street until they entered a white house with black shutters. His eyes locked for a long moment even after they were gone. His mind was spinning as it replayed the image of her glowing eyes and near flawless skin. Remembering her smile made William do the same and nearly forget his wagon waiting for him at Jacob’s.
When he reached Jacob’s store it was late afternoon. Jacob and his men had been called away to a town meeting and there was no one to complete the sale and load William’s wagon. Jacob’s wife gave her apologies and offered William and his horse a spot in the warehouse for the night. Even though William knew he could load the wagon himself, his thoughts were several streets away on a white house with black shutters, so he gleefully accepted. He parked the wagon in the warehouse yard and tended to his horse in a small corral. He found his cot in the warehouse and lifted the last piece of Grace’s bread from his bag. Its bland flavor reminded him of home and made him crave the excitement and flavors of town that much more. William stretched out on the cot and tucked his hands behind his head. He began replaying the sound of Alexandra’s voice and remembering being overwhelmed by the things he saw in her eyes. A smile grew on his face, and he felt no rush to be anywhere but where he was.
That night, he took the long route to the tavern going several streets out of his way to pass the little white house. He slowed to a crawl as he passed it and glanced through its candle lit windows. In his mind he imagined Alexandra seeing him and running out to greet him then accompanying him, and they would talk and laugh for hours. In a flash his life would change. But instead, he saw no one. Reluctantly he paced by and headed for the tavern as the cold of evening began to seep through his thin coat.
When he arrived at the tavern, he found the place empty, which quite suited him. He settled in a seat near the fireplace and sat contemplating how much of a meal father would let him afford. He thought of the little pouch around his neck and smiled, Tonight I eat well.
A striking tavern wench with flowing auburn hair came over for his order. She seemed over dressed for her working role. “What will ya be having my fine young man?”
“A pint of cider to start, and what’s that fine smell for dinner?”
“Rabbit, I think,” she said glancing back at the kitchen for a clue. Then she turned back to William.” Looks like rabbit.”
“Then bring me a plate- might I ask where everyone is tonight?”
“Me and my pocket have been askin’ that very question. Some talk of the men meeting at the hall…I’ll be back with that pint,” she said turning toward the bar while tossing back her hair as she smiled at him over her shoulder.
William’s eyes studied the tavern, but his mind was several streets away. He imagined walking back passed Alexandra’s house. He would knock on the door and she would appear at the doorway smiling and greeting him with those large brown eyes. No, a fine lady like her would be safely tucked away for the night. With his time here so limited, he wondered if he would ever see her again. God, sometimes he hated his luck. Then he imagined what he could have done differently to impress her when she was right there in front of him. He felt a quick pang of remorse that he hadn’t reacted quicker. He began feeling like a fool.
The wench came up behind William with his pint and leaned into the table brushing her breast lightly across his neck and shoulders. She put her hands on the table and leaned in toward him. “You finish that one, and I’ll bring ya another…on the house as it were, for being me only customer tonight.” 
William country naiveté was surprised at the offer. “Thank you. You should have one for yourself as well.” 
The wench simmered for a moment then smiled. “Thank yee kindly, but if I had me one of them, my skirt would be over my head in an instant for sure.”  When he didn’t react, she wondered if he didn’t get her meaning or resisted it. She took up his mug and took a sip. “Would you be liking to see that?”
William stared blankly at her as most of his mind was far away in the white house that held the welcoming eyes that burned in his head. He paused then took the mug from her and took a sip. “Just the dinner will be fine.”
She brushed her palm over his face. “That plate is just rabbit. The real meal a strong young man needs is under here,” she said lifting her skirt slightly.
Inexperienced with women, and remembering his father’s warning, William swallowed hard. Then sipped his mug with both hands and tried to avoid her avid gaze.
The wench regathered herself. “I’ll bring your plate and another pint. I’ll wager you might reconsider once your belly is full.”
William clenched his mug as thoughts of the woman with the welcoming eyes were invaded by the base desires the wench provoked in his body. He quickly darted a glance at her skirt as she moved around the kitchen and wondered what was to be found under it. He had no idea. The isolation on the farm left women a mystery to him, like a unicorn or a devil. He took another sip and returned to the white house and the glowing eyes as a smile grew to his face.
The wench returned with his plate and another cider. She placed the plate then sat down at the table while taking a long pull from William’s second mug. The intimacy of her being close made his blood flow like a waterfall and his thoughts race. “Now, what’s a fine young lad like you doing here tonight? Ain’t seen the likes of you before and doubt I would forget a strapping buck like you.”
“I’m here for supplies is all. Be leavin’ in the morning.”
“Well, that’s too bad. I was hopin’ to get acquainted as it were.”
“Sorry. My family’s waitin’.”
She took another drink. “Well, we have tonight still, now don’t we?”
“Afraid not. I have somewhere to go and someone waiting for me down the road.”
Some embers appeared in the wench’s eyes. She leaned her cleavage and face over the table and stared deeply into him. “Well then, I’ll let you have at your busy work,” the wench added bitterly. She rose, swung to leave, then turned back and took another sip from his second mug. Then she strode away slowly.
William finished his food and the other pint. By then William was feeling full, happy, and a bit light-headed. He carefully dug in the pouch for some coins to pay for dinner and a little extra for her service. The wench came over and gathered his plate. “Is that it then? Or can I get you something extra?” she said with a wink. “Ya know something extra ya might like,” she said, running her hand over his thigh.
Williams’ groin heaved to her surprising touch unlike anything he had felt before in his life on the farm. He gathered himself and tossed the coins on the table. He wobbled as he stood. “No, I think that will be all, but thanks for the offer.”
“Sure? There’s a chill in the air tonight. Some warm company might be just what ya need,” she added following him as he began to leave.
William smiled. “Thanks, but no,” he said as he began to walk and found the cider was affecting his steps. He laughed to himself how the earth moved beneath his feet. He decided his route back to Jacob’s barn would take him passed the white house with the black shutters and hopefully a glimpse of the woman with the welcoming eyes. The mere possibility made his heart race.
 Just when he reached the door, it opened and three men entered, laborers or workmen by their ragged clothes. He stood aside to let them pass when one of them stopped in front of him. William lifted his eyes to see the rotted toothed face of the deliveryman he had whipped.
“Well now, if it ain’t me old friend!” he said.
His short muscular companion turned back and closed in on William. “Is this ‘im?”
The deliveryman nodded and took hold of William’s collar. “Oh, it’s him alright. Not so big now are we?”
	Images of those welcoming eyes flew from William’s head when the toothless grin of the deliveryman startled him back to the reality of the tavern. He held out his palms to the men. “Now, Sirs, I have no issues with ya and no interest in trouble.”
	“Says, you,” responded the deliveryman kneeing William in his groin with full force as his companions laughed. “Me, I like trouble.”
The wench hurried over. “Joshua, you take that outside,” she said with her eyes glowing. “Give ‘im one in the gut for me, Hey?”
“You heard the lady,” the third man said before taking hold of William’s arm and directing him outside. They formed a tight circle around William in the street as he gasped and fought back the pain. 
“First, I’d like to hear an apology,” the deliveryman said cupping his hand over his ear.
“Yeah, that would be right nice,” the muscular one added.
“I may have gotten carried away a bit. Ya see you were endangering those ladies,” William tried to explain between heavy breaths.
The deliveryman’s face turned sour, and he shook his head. “No that wasn’t it,” he said as the muscular one landed a blow to William’s stomach and the third man pushed him to his knees.
“Why don’t you try again,” the deliveryman said before kicking William in the ribs and then cupped his ear again.
William groaned and coughed as he lay on the ground.
“No, that wasn’t it either. I guess I don’t get me apology, boys,” the deliveryman said, “Oh well.”  With that all three of the men became busy with their legs swinging into William. They mercilessly landed blow after blow and taunted William, as he lay defenseless, until the wench came out the door and charged at them. 
“That’ll be enough,” she said. “You’re gonna kill ‘im!”
“Wasn’t that the idea?” the toothless deliveryman said with a smirk.
“I said one in the gut!” the wench corrected. “Such big men, are ya? Three of ya ta one.”
The men laughed and began to enter the tavern. As William writhed on the ground, he caught a glimpse of the wench’s face change as she turned her anger to the other men. “You best be finding your pints somewhere else!” She rolled William over to see if he still lived. As the men walked away, she ran into the tavern and found the young boy who cleaned for her. “Quick, fetch Doc McMillan,” she instructed. 
The boy looked at William’s bruised face, hesitated, and then ran down the street.
***

William’s vision started out as a blur of candlelight. The first thing that came into focus was the gray hair and spectacles of Doc McMillan. William lay on his back on the examination table with a small pillow under his head as the doctor hovered over him. 
“Ah, there you are. Woke up finally, hey?” said the doc.
William tried to sit up, but the doctor held him down. 
“You should rest right now. You’re a lucky young lad. I checked you over, no broken bones, no broken ribs. You’ll have plenty of bruises and cuts and you’ll be as sore as a coach driver’s behind, but that will pass in a few days. I think those boys just knocked every bit of air out of your lungs.” He began putting on his jacket and moving toward the door. “If you’ll excuse me, Mrs. Adams’ water just broke and I’ve got a breech calf waitin’ to enter this world. One or the other will be comin’ first. My daughter is my nurse. She’ll do a nice job tending to those wounds and getting you cleaned up. Feel free to stay the night in this room if need be,” he said, pausing by the door. “But if you have any notions of helping yourself to our silver or botherin’ my daughters, think again. First, Becca and Alex read their bible every day, so God knows who they are. And they can wrestle down steers for me when they need doctorin’ so they can take care of themselves,” he said with pride. Then he pointed a finger square at William’s head. “And I‘ve got a pistol and a shovel and I ain’t shy about usin’ ‘em. They’ll never find you. I promise you that,” he said fervently before his face lightened. “You take it easy and you’ll be fine.”
“You’ll get no trouble from me, sir. Thank you.”
Then Doc McMillan turned back to him and smiled, “No, thank you. I heard what you did with that horse. The man deserved his whipping. Yes, sir, and there’s no charge for the doctorin’. My way of saying thanks…just rest,” he said and then was gone.
William breathed so deeply it made his sides ache. After a minute he felt some strength return and sat up on the edge of the table. In a flash of panic, he grabbed at his neck and was comforted to find the pouch still hung there. As he took more breaths they hurt less, and his mind began to clear.
Then the door opened revealing a familiar face in the flickering candlelight. It was Alexandra carrying a basin of water with a cloth over her shoulder. Her face was sad and bore the trappings of guilt as she slowly closed the door behind her. William on the other hand immediately felt better and a smile burst somewhat painfully to his face, “It’s you!” He said as he drank in the sight of her even more lovely. Without her bonnet, her hair was long thick and flowing over her shoulders. Suddenly his mind was full of feelings and excited words that had abandoned him earlier.
“I am so sorry,” she said hurrying to him. “I feel responsible for them doing this to you.”
“No, don’t. I was the one with the whip.”
“But I was the one you were saving from that idiot,” she said putting the basin down on the table. “Now look at you!”
William just watched her eyes, the soft features of her face, and smiled. “And look at you. I should thank them for helping me see you again.”
Alexandra blushed, put her hand over her face, then smiled and laughed. “Bit of a large price to pay, don’t you think?”
William took hold of her hand. “No,” he said lost in her eyes. “Maybe I’ll get them ta beat me again tomorra’ night. Ya busy?”
She dropped her eyes to the ground trying to hold back the smile that was taking over her face. Then she looked up at William and held his gaze. “Tonight’s not over yet,” she said but then thought better of it and turned more sober. “Father wants me to dress those wounds for you. You’ll need to get that shirt off.”
William lifted his arm to open the shirt buttons then winced from a pain in his shoulder.
“Let me do that,” Alexandra said matter-of-factly, then began unbuttoning his shirt. As she carefully lifted his torn linen shirt off his shoulders, she looked up into his face and smiled. then dipped a cloth in the basin and began wiping the dried blood off of his cuts. William almost quivered watching her. She continued over his arms, sides, and back while William enjoyed her touch with all of his being. The way her eyes studied his skin was more comforting than the cloth itself. Then she locked her eyes on his and glided the wet cloth over his chest. She followed the cloth with the warmth of her soft hand. She rung the cloth out in the basin then ran it over the wounds on his face and forehead before running it over his lips. As the cloth slid passed his mouth it was replaced by her lips in a tender soft kiss causing William to close his eyes and sigh, his bruises a distant memory. Her lips dropped to his neck, then his shoulder, and his chest before she gently directed his back down onto the table with her petite hands.
“I think I have more wounds for you to tend,” he said softly.
“Here?” she said kissing his neck. “How about here?” she asked kissing his chest.
“Here is bad too,” he said pointing to the other side of his chest. 
She kissed the spot and William pointed to another location on his belly, then Alexandra straightened up and sighed. She stared into a dark corner of the room in thought, then turned and crept to the door putting her ear against it and listened to the hallway beyond for a moment. 
“I understand if bein’ caught with me in your father’s house scares ya,” William whispered. But her reaction both shocked and tantalized him.
Alexandra faced the door and with her hand on her chest felt a wildly beating heart through her trembling fingers. She paused a long moment then turned her head from the door and smiled. “Much the other, it excites me like nothin’ before,” she said then slowly locked the bolt on the door. “I read my Bible every night, but it doesn’t cover what I’m feeling right now.”
“My Lord, you’re amazin’,” said William shaking his head.
Alexandra slowly walked toward him. “And the thought of my father’s temper doesn’t scare you?”
William shook his head again and stared squarely at her face. “That’s not what I’m thinkin’ about right now.”
“I’m not worried about father or anythin’ right now. I’m just following what I feel.”
“Me too.”
“Well then,” Alexandra said as she reached the table. “Maybe I need to do a more thorough examination.” She rounded the table and pulled off his boots and pants.
William sat up and took hold of her, his body sending a torrent of drugs pumping into his blood making pain a distant memory. He held her in a long ardent kiss and sustained it as he began to struggle with her dress. He battled with it a minute longer, then pulled his lips away and whispered, “I think it’s locked.”
She chuckled, then unbuttoned, unhitched, and let fall the dress. She moved over to the candle revealing herself in its light, then blew it out and leapt into William’s welcoming arms.
*** 

William awoke the next morning to the sound of the front door slamming and heavy boots on the road just outside Alexandra’s house. He arose from the blankets on the floor of the Doctor’s examination room to get a look out the window at a passing column of blazing red King’s Soldiers in the dawning light. Running behind the column he saw Alexandra and her sister heading toward the town square. He battled to get his clothes on while he hopped trying to get into his boots before pulling the door open. Knowing full well something big was happening, William opened the front door and jumped over the two steps leading down to the street.
When he got close to the square, he found Alexandra hanging back in a row of trees as a group of seventy or so armed townsmen formed on the square with their muskets in hand. Marching in from the road, the King’s troops formed a battle line facing the disorganized militia. As William approached Alexandra, an English officer on horseback shouted something to the men holding the square. The words instantly turned to a volley of fire as one English soldier fired then all the others. A whole row of militiamen immediately fell. Others made a feeble attempt to return fire. When the English fired again, the militiamen had all begun to flee, leaving behind their wounded and dead. Some staggered or crawled on all fours seeking safety in the town.
William was near Alexandra now and heard her scream. She began to run to the fallen men but her sister held her back.
“Alexandra, you can’t!”
 “Just go get father!” Alexandra said, both hands on her sister’s shoulders. “Get him right now!” 
“You can’t, you’ll get killed!” her sister said in panic.
Alexandra pointed at a young man fallen fifty feet from them. “That’s Amos Harrington’s boy lying there! He’s only fourteen! Hurry, I’ll do what I can.”
With that, her sister ran for home while William followed Alexandra into the square. He reached her just as she stopped and bent over the young man. “Can I help?”
Alexandra turned suddenly aware of his presence and smiled. “Yes! Hold your hand here,” she said lifting his hand and placing it over the wound in the boy’s chest. “Press hard and try to slow the bleeding ‘til father gets here. I’ll look to the others.” 
Alexandra then hurried to a man screaming for anyone to help, giving William a look over her shoulder. William pressed as hard as he could on the wound and watched to see if the boy still breathed. He did. William saw the twist of his body and realized the pressure of his hand would be more effective if the boy lay flat, so he tried to straighten his arms and legs and lay him on his back. As he did, he found the boy had fallen on his musket, so he gently rolled the boy and pulled out the musket. Just as he did there was a woman’s scream,
“He’s raisin’ his musket!” A volley of four King’s soldiers rang out, and William felt the fiery thud of muskets balls dropping him onto his back, his hand falling off the boy’s wound. He thought of Alexandra a few feet away but had no voice. He thought of the wagon waiting for him at Jacobs and the pouch to pay for the supplies his family needed around his neck. He stared up at the dawning sky then saw no more.

***

ARCHIE
Dying! This asshole can’t get enough of it! Are you getting the picture now? Do you see what I’m dealing with here? See you next time, loser. He just won’t stop kicking off, and at the worst times. See? It’s not my fault. How can anyone help a loser like this guy? All my work setting things up for him; a little cold spell to inflame his father’s gout, the ten extra seconds I made him wait at the tavern so he would run into Alexandra, scaring the horse to rear at her, making her trip so William could save her. I even had to arrange for the deliveryman to find him at the pub otherwise there was no way a simpleton like William would have ever found her again. Yet despite all my goddamn work, there he is dead as a bad rapper from a drive-by while that amazing soulmate I found for him lies over him and bellows with grief. He didn’t deserve a woman like her anyway nor could he protect her. Whether her name was Anne or Alexandra, she and William always came around together in each lifetime. Unfortunately like a blindfolded baseball batter, William would swing and miss or on occasion get hit by the ball, not even close.   I tell you, some centuries; it doesn’t pay to get out of bed. Like the dark ages…don’t get me started.
It was right around then, about 250 or so years ago when I began to wonder if there wasn’t a reason for William’s string of tragic luck. And then it clicked. I’d seen her. Eva had been there, standing behind the British soldiers. Despite colonial American garb, those wicked brown eyes of hers had a certain undeniable energy. She often appeared in William’s path in different looks and with different accents, but I could always find her—just usually too late. You see, there are undoers and there are undoers, but Eva was the “UN” to my “doing” for years. We have a history that dates back…well it dates back even beyond the time of Earth. 
That day, back in Lexington, a smile rose on her face as I approached her, borne from years of competing, collaborating, and experiencing both great and horrible times together.
“So, what poor soul are you here to torment this time?” I asked. “Or is it just me, again?”
Eva shrugged. “Don’t flatter yourself. Just the usual. Plenty of deplorables to work with. You know all about the Big Guy’s confusing designs, making light faster than sound. It makes humans look good until they speak.”
Eva’s presence was a disruption and made me realize she never showed up by accident. I became suspicious.  “You didn’t have anything to do with my client lying in a pool of blood over there? Did ya?”
“Oh, was that your client?... Oopsies. Hey, he was pulling out a gun. Someone, like him, could get hurt. I’m a concerned citizen.”
I felt indignant and flustered beyond belief. “A pissed off jealous citizen. What, William rejected you again in favor of his soulmate, so you think it’s okay to just have him shot?”
“Sure, what else could I do?... My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance… We’ll just see about that.”
I couldn’t believe we were at odds again. In my head was a fond image of Eva, then inexplicably there was this Eva. “We’re angels, not humans. Wild idea, just let the soulmates get together.”
Eva’s demeanor changed and her eyes began glowing red. “What fun would that be? And you should talk. You think you are such a great matchmaker. But when it comes to HER you’re always the same. Different name, different century, still chasing the same blonde bitch.” 
 
Ouch. She’s not a bitch. I decided a subject change was the best defense.  “Why do you have it in for William? I thought you two got ‘along’ over the years, if you know what I mean.” 
 “Hey I tried. Just last night in fact. But the dim bulb just couldn’t stop thinkin’ about HER.” Eva looked off in the distance. “Last time William and I were together he was such a sweet lover. He sure loved my perky breasts.”
“Oh, yeah? What did he think about your saggy old ass?”
Eva reflected for a moment. “I wouldn’t know. Your name never came up.”
Eva smiled at her zinger. Time for going on the offensive. “What, jealousy? Those two were getting too close to fusing. You afraid of losing your boy toy? Earth-bound jealousy. You’re an angel, you should be above that. Or are you still mad about her taking William away from you in Greece?”
Eva bristled. “What planet do you think you are on?  Those two losers fuse? Don’t make me laugh. Ha, Ha, Ha, see don’t make me do that… How many times do you have to jam those two against the wall with gum and duct tape before you give up? Face it, there is no grand plan. There is no meant-to-be, or fate, or happily-ever-after. These A-holes wouldn’t know a soulmate if it was sitting on their face…and wiggling! It’s all random darkness and chaos on this miserable rock. Just millions of rats and one piece of cheese.”
 I shook my head and sighed in disgust. “Look what Earth has done to you.”
I looked back over my shoulder at Alexandra and felt the opposite. William had fallen and was no longer my concern, but seeing Alexandra wailing over him, I wasn’t concerned for William. I was used to his failures to launch. But I couldn’t help feel for her. I was reminded of her as a feisty Amanda centuries before. My lord, William didn’t deserve a woman like that. That was the friggin problem. These two aren’t soulmates. The Big Guy gave me the job of filling a square hole with an asshole. He likes dying too much. Someone must have just paired them wrong. Then I reminded myself, she deserves someone like me. She was beautiful and amazing, and she needed someone like me to watch over her. Thanks to Eva, she had a whole lifetime to finish alone. Hey, I’ve got needs too. Smart, independent, assertively pursuing life, she was something unlike the whiners and victims I tried to match every day. I deserved a diversion to help pass the time, infinite time. Her life would be a blink of an eye for me, but what a blink.
Eva caught me looking and smiled like seeing a tax refund. “Oh, I think someone is having some very un-angel-like thoughts right now. Your VSM kicking into gear? Hey, maybe the three of us…you know just like in Berlin with the bar maid and the strudel…German’s have the best strudel.”
Eva always stirred me up with her off the wall comments, so I couldn’t stop the corner of my mouth from curling. Oh, yeah Berlin. That day sure had my VSM humming at full power.
“There it is! Now, your thinkin’ like me. Free will is fun, ain’t it?.”
She had me confused. In my head I was the angel I wanted to be, but Eva knew every skeleton in every closet I had…most of which she built. I was a good angel; you can ask my mom.  So, I stood fast.  “But I’m not like you.”
“You are but you just don’t know it yet. Come on, I’ll bet your already thinking about which one of us you want to sit up top and who gets to ride the snake. We can always put a bag over skinny’s head. Wanna burn 1000 calories the hard way?” 
I took a cleansing breath. “This planet brings out the worst in you.”
“I know! And the best.”
“Let me know when the best happens.” 
Eva put her hands on her hips defiantly. “Don’t stand there looking at me like I’m crazy. I don’t suffer from insanity; I enjoy every minute of it.” Eva studied Alexandra. “You know she just might be turned on by your body.”
“You mean ‘cause I look like a Greek God?” I strutted confidently.
Eva chuckled and shook her head. “Silly Archie, Budda wasn’t a Greek!”
How could she say that?  I had zero body fat, except after … Thanksgiving and Christmas. Cookies, those damn cookies. “Hey, I copied my form after Apollo. I’m built like a five-foot-eleven inch rock.”
“Hummm, a rock and eleven inches sounds interesting.”
I shook my head in superficial disgust while I chuckled inside. Eva was my kryptonite. Even when we were at odds, I couldn’t help but be entertained. “You’re obsessed. We’ve just become so different.”
 “You know they say opposites attract. That must make me the beautiful smart one.” Eva yanked on my arm. “Come on. I’ve got a room at the Inn. Blondie can ride the snake and I’ll take up top.”
“You’re always on top.”
“Uhm, I’m ready just thinking about it. Second thought screw her. I don’t have a bag big enough to fit over that fat head anyway. How about just you and me like old times.”
I resisted. “Maybe later. I still have work to do.”
“Suit yourself. You’re a good man for a rainy day… too bad it isn’t always raining. No guarantee where or who I’ll be later.” She caught me glancing at Alexandra. “Here’s your chance. You think she’s hot? Maybe, if you like ’um skinny.” She rubbed her chin while options of choice percolated in her eyes.
It made me panic.  Did she have some evil plan for Alexandra too? I hopped into protection mode, it’s a feature built into every VSM. “Hey, don’t get any ideas. I saw her first,” I warned.
“Oh, I’ve got plenty of cool cool ideas with William out of the way. I could break her in two. Mash her under a herd of cattle. Bet she doesn’t look hot to you after that, littl’ hoof face.”
“Hey, you already did that. Remember Arles in France? The stampede?”
“Oh, you’re right. I hate being predictable… How about lightning? Lightning is always good and so easy. It’s just when you and William both go flittering after her, it makes me so frustrated I want to choke a goat!”
I waved her off. “How many times have I told you, leave that poor goat alone! Just go to your place and I’ll catch up later, for old times.”
Then she turned to leave with a dubious smile before returning. “You know, Arch, there is a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore looking stupid. Sometimes you just need to dive in and take a chance with someone unique…like me for example.” 
“I’ll try to remember that if I ever decide to give up being an angel.” 
“Don’t just stand there holding your pole forever.”
Being critiqued by her swiss-cheesed my confidence in the good I felt I was doing.   “You are so bad,” I said shaking my head.
“And you love it. Why don’t you show it sometime? “she said before turning to go. She took a few steps then turned. “You did say eleven inches right, not centimeters? Cause I’ve fallen for that one before and there was the sad millimeter guy.” I shook my head making her smile before she left, leaving me nothing but the sway of her hips to think about.
 I waited for her to turn a corner out of sight, before I turned to Alexandra. The poor girl needed comforting, and I needed to turn the volume down on my VSM.
I could go on and on with these stories of close-doesn’t-count William, but by now you get the idea. God has made me one of the guardians on Earth. I’m in the soulmate business, and if I were on commission I’d be starving with William as a client. Don’t worry, I have plenty of other satisfied patrons, even a few actual fusions. So,  if I end up representing you some day, have no fear. Whether you’re young or old, hot or not, gay, arrow straight, or undefined, I’ll find someone for you…unless you’re William.

***
CHAPTER 4 – Glimpse of Eva

Circa June 1310 BC Sparta, Greece (about 7:30)
Eva and I: full disclosure



ARCHIE
Ok. You deserve full disclosure on Eva. We were sort of a team, or a ‘thing’ at one time. That is, until Earth happened. Ok, full disclosure, we were a fiery flaming gigantic thing. We were always kindred spirits, complementary consciousness with something that drew us together. 
When Eva came to Earth, she decided the diverse female style brain was more compatible with the way she rolls. I think she also chose female because she was told women could bust male’s balls and she knew I had them. The final clincher was when the design technician asked her what sized boobs she wanted. Eva found the word ‘boobs’ and the idea of having a body part called a ‘boob’ hilarious. Then she found out that I didn’t have them, and her decision was made. For centuries she never missed an opportunity to tell me I didn’t have boobs, so how could I do anything. Once after a debacle regarding her relationship with Hitler, she wondered, “How could he do that? He doesn’t have boobs.”
To which I responded, “He doesn’t have boobs, but he is a boob.”
So, each of us decided on a different sexual representation, not knowing how it would affect our previous close relationship. Since we went out separate male/female ways, things have never been the same. Earth has that effect on people. They call it PES, Post Earth Syndrome. Eva was always a free spirit. She was unique, off the wall, unpredictable, and funny. She was also very caring and nurturing to me. Believe it or not, she put me first and watched out for me. Life with her around was never boring no matter how many millennia we spent together. Despite oceans of time, she always found a way to shock me and make me laugh. 
At first Earth seemed like a drag of an assignment, but soon we learned it was a diverting and sensation rich environment. In fact, Earth became known as the free for all party planet. Everywhere else life forms follow the predictable laws of nature, black and white, this leads to that sort of existence…blah blah blah. Try watching that for thousands of exciting Gee-I-bet-that-eats-that-and-that-grows years. Gravity makes things fall, woooo-weee, again. Be still my angel heart. Ooh, the grass is growing, more. To think I went to heaven and incurred thousands in angel education loans for this. 100,000 years of school and they put you on the day shift. 
You see the Big Guy likes to experiment; loves it. And he thinks way ahead of the curve and what anyone else can even see coming. He had toyed with a concept called “Free Will” for a few million years but never could see the right place to try it until it fit right into his plans for a remodeled Earth. He would create beings with free will that could adapt and progress on their own, pushing and challenging the laws of nature to their limits. Instead of victims to nature, humans could understand it and use it to progress. That made just about anything possible and justifiable on Earth, even a Biden presidency. The Big Guy hadn’t intended it this way but being assigned to Earth for an angel was like a sailor being given eternal shore leave. The anything goes or could go that had been spliced to Earth, I mean Party Central, was an irresistible new freedom for us.
Like an innocent schoolgirl unleashed to run amuck at a party college, free will ignited Eva into an Eva I didn’t recognize. Many called her the devil. Well, a devil, not the devil. She once rationalized her change by saying, “Good angels only do good while bad ones can do everything”. Somehow, we keep finding one another despite often working at opposite purposes. Where she had been funny, sincere, emotionally deep, and a nurturing angel, Free Will unlocked something in her and she became…wild. As did a lot of my fellow Cherubim. Our comfortable past made me keep making excuses for Eva despite piles of anti-angel things she was involved with. Some connected her with the dark ages, or the Spanish Inquisition. Others tied her to a war here or there, actually a lot of wars here and everywhere. Curiosity killed the cat but for a long time Eva was a suspect. There were rumors she came up with the apple in the Garden of Eden thing. After World War 1 ignited a global carnage, I asked Eva if she had anything to do with the massive scope of the destruction. She just paused then smirked, “When you do something wrong, you should do it right.”  The girl I knew had some deep running emotions and I tried to justify that it was merely her trying her new wings, yeah, right.
It happened bigtime in Greece. My client, as always, was William. Despite the most promising starting point the Big Guy had ever granted him as Paris, son of the King of Troy, he was still a loser. My heavenly telemetry led me to know William’s usual soulmate would be in Greece and her name this time would be Helen. How much you wanna bet she’s a brown eyed blonde?  She couldn’t have been a girl next door in Troy, no she had to be across an ocean. William moped around Troy until I suggested a “diplomatic” trip to Sparta in Greece. Back then I was his valet, and all it took was a mythical story, people loved myths back then, about what Greek girls could do with their tongues. Turns out, all girls can do that, but naïve virgin William didn’t need to know. That was all it took for William to convince his father of the need of a new trade deal with the Greek states. See what I mean? Loser. The King gave us a ship. The Big Guy agreed with my request for perfect winds to blow us to Greece. And Ta Da, there we were. 
All along the way information about the pair leaked to the other Cherubim and excitement grew. They had heard rumors of all the men seeking Helen’s hand and believed where there was smoke there must be a hot hot fire. Everyone seemed to want to see soulmates that we all believed would actually fuse deeply enough to give us that explosion rather than a poof. Word had it that these two were a sure thing. You have to understand that back then, with the Earth’s population so limited, there wasn’t much to choose from. Like when television came out and you only had three channels to pick from, people thought “I Love Lucy” was a great show. Well, Paris Loves Helen was the “I Love Lucy” of 1310 BC.
We crossed the Mediterranean and our little ship slid up the Eurotas river and glided into Sparta.  As soon as we landed, I was amazed how many Cherubim were already there. I knew something big was happening. Cherub after Cherub came up to me and asked about William and Helen. Was this it? Was it finally gonna happen? Could they help me get them together? Everyone seemed to think I was guiding the “real thing” for once. I even heard a few mumblings Why him? To my amazement the fusion odds in Heaven were 9 to 10, meaning you had to bet 10 coins to win just 9! It was the surest bet since Adam and Eve, and it was my friggin’ client! I could get the fusion bonus that the Big Guy paid for every successful fusion. Could a promotion to a Seraphim be far away? Archie the Seraphim right hand of God had a nice ring to it. One problem, by the time we got there Helen was already married to Menelaus the king of Sparta. I began racking my brain over that little problem. So, Menelaus’ age and state of health was on the top of my research list, not to mention any allergies or dangerous hobbies he might have. Patience, we probably needed to be patient.
I considered my strategy as four muscular soldiers fully attired in their armor and swords led us up a stone walkway to the great hall. 
“Do you think she’ll be there; I mean right away?” asked Paris.
“I’m sure.” What a dolt.
“Do you think I should have worn this? Should I have worn the sword?”
“It’s fine. It’s commanding. You’re a warrior.”
“What should I talk about?”
“Her eyes. The eyes are the source of everything, gateway to the soul.”
“Really?”
 “Tell her how they sparkle with life,” I said as I tried to remind myself, he only needs to find one, one soulmate. He doesn’t need to be Casanova. This awkward wall flower just needed to find one… oh please, once just once. 
The Palace was a comparatively bland building, but none-the-less was massive and resting on heavy stone columns. Even as we passed through the doorway, we could hear music playing, the roar of chattering voices, and smell a feast already in progress. Apparently, the envoys from Troy were not the only subject on the agenda.  One of the soldiers led us to Menelaus. There was no throne for the king as I expected based on other monarchs I had seen. Instead, he stood casually on a tier one step up from the main floor. He eyed us warily and gave us a reserved welcome. 
	“Trojans, hey?” He glanced at the other royal men around him. “So much for the rumors.” They all chuckled. “For the sake of the Gods man, are Trojans all as tiny and where is your armor?” asked Menelaus.
One of his companions smirked while appraising the sword slung in Paris’ belt. “Do they call that little pig sticker a sword in Troy?”
Another joined in. “Maybe that’s what they use to clean their teeth.”
Paris stepped forward to confront the man. I could see Paris struggling with his anger, so I stepped in. “Welcome, great king Menelaus. Warm greetings to you and all your people from the King of Troy. Prince Paris and I look forward to very fruitful discussions with you. We have brought you gifts from our king,” I said pointing to two chests we were presenting.
“Yes, yes, of course, all in good time.” He waved his hand and servants carried off our gifts. Then he again waved his hand in a slow sweeping stroke over the room filled with music, food, wine, and hundreds of rampaging people. “But tonight, we feast, we drink, we ravage! Please, take part in all Sparta has to offer, I know I will.”
“Thank you, oh great king. We surely will.” As Paris and I moved away, I couldn’t help but feel the heavy blanket of intimidation from Menelaus. He was fit, strong, assertive, and worse of all seemed in glowing health. I looked at unpolished Paris’ and realized getting him and Helen together would be more of a challenge than I had hoped. When I returned from the seclusion of my thoughts, I found Paris already drawn like the moth to a light, as a few feet away stood an enthusiastic drunken Helen. Paris bee-lined for her as if in speechless wonder, while I chased after him. I wanted to shake Paris and wake him up. For sake of the Big Guy, she’s just a human. Get your feet back on the ground, man. 
Immediately, I noticed two things. First, when William was introduced to Helen, there was a vast green glow surrounding them. This is the fusion aura only we Cherubs can see. It means the potential of fusion is high, and I had never before seen it this expansive. The other Cherubs in the crowd noticed it too and disappeared. I guessed after seeing the aura they hurried to get a piece of the action as the fusion odds were down to 5 to 10 the next time I checked.
The second thing I noticed was her, Eva, filling Helen’s cup with wine, whispering in her ear, pushing Helen and William together, and them laughing like children. I hadn’t seen her in a hundred years, but there she was standing between me and a promotion to Seraphim. How did she know about this and what was she planning to freeze my warm heart again? I began to panic.
When Eva saw me approach, her monstrous drunken smile shot out at me. “Thank God you’re here,” she said with a hug, full but limp from alcohol.
I pulled her aside as Paris and Helen began to eye each other like dinner they were starving for. “No, No, you are not going to screw me over again!” I started. “Leave them alone. I’ve got this.”
Eva’s hand rose to her chest in dismay. “Me, screw you? The last thing I want to do is hurt you…but it’s still on the list, just down at the bottom. Hey, darlin’ I am doing your work for you. Just look at those two assholes! They’ll be matched and off the board tonight and you’ll be the hero.” She tapped me in the chest. “You! Imagine that!”
I was suspicious as a husband coming home to moans in the upstairs bedroom. “Hey angel, what’s your angle?”
“Obtuse. I’m still a Cherub. Fusion, man, my angle is fusion. Let’s make this shit happen! Let’s fuse some assholes!” spoke the alcohol.
I shook my head wanting to believe her but, in my heart, knowing better. “God, I wish I could believe you. I really do. You’re going astray, it’s all my fault.”
“I didn’t say it was your fault, I ‘m just blaming it all on you.”
 I looked over her out of control beaming face then shook my head in doubt. “I would love us to actually be working together again.”
Eva made a silly face. “Oh, how sweet. You still love me.”
I shook my head and sighed. How could she make light of my sincerity? 
“Well, let me show you how much I love you. Ok? You be at the end of this hall,” she said pointing. “In an hour from now. One teensy hour from now. Got it? Be ready for fireworks! Besides, who’s got the boobs here? Hint, it’s not you.” 
Just then a Spartan aristocrat slowly meandered passed Eva, unabashedly viewing her from head to toe like a prize horse.  Then his gaze floated back up to her face in deliberate focused steps with vision that nearly burned through her dress. He hesitated then finally spoke. “My friends and I will be over near the fountain. We could use some wine, your beauty, and your company. You will be handsomely rewarded.”
Eva seemed to take it in stride and acted like everything she normally wasn’t. I knew she could vaporize this slug but instead, she smiled innocently as if to say, “Whatever do you mean”?  Finally, she nodded saying, “By the fountain then.” The aristocrat nodded with a confident smirk then continued on his way before Eva muttered under her breath, “Was he a complete cactus or just a prick?”
“Wow looks like you’re already doin’ great with the boys in Sparta,” I joked but couldn’t help but feel hurt that I was sharing her with a rabble of mortals from 1310 BC.
“Yeah, the boys here are great, but I think I’m more interested in the men.”
That wasn’t the response I’d hoped for and it just made me feel worse. Had my importance to her dropped off the charts or what?  I checked the beaming smile plastered to her face and began to worry. “You look pretty jazzed up tonight. You feelin’ OK?”
“Oh yeah, tonight I feel like a million… but only if they come one at a time. Don’t worry.” Eva ran her finger over her forehead as if she was pointing out a sign written there, “Out of my mind…Be back in 5 Minutes. See everything is cool.”
“Now, I feel sooo much better.” I wanted to believe and give her every chance, but my gut spoke up in loud denial.
“No worries. Arch. I’ll be careful cause I know too much of a good thing can be…wonderful.” She turned and began to leave.
“Eva…” I made a move to stop her, and it showed my doubt.
“Don’t get your panties in a twist, believe me that doesn’t work toooo well…unless you do it just right,” she said turning to leave again. Eva stopped, tapped all over her skirt, then smiled. “Wow, no panties at all. I get these Greek women, ready for actioooon. Anyway, I got this. I’ll make you proud. OK?”
Eva’s smile grew to take over her face and she started laughing. It was contagious, so I started laughing a cautious laugh. Hers turned into a roar, and I couldn’t help but follow. Our eyes began to water as the laughter enveloped us and we fell together with our arms around each other laughing like two idiots. Her infectious mirth echoed into my chest for what seemed like forever, before it became staggered and finally stopped. She slapped me on the back, “You’re funny.” Then she nodded and began to walk away. “Watch your panties. See you in an hour.” 
I reluctantly nodded conceding that Eva might have a different approach than I was thinking. To me, Menelaus was the main problem to tackle. The past had taught me that Eva was a free thinker and I still believed she might have a better idea. Maybe a quick end run around Menelaus was the way to go. 
Then I turned toward William and Helen before Eva stopped me. “Uh-uh, I got this. I’ve got an in with her. Let me do this for you. Let me make up for that Cleopatra…thing. She was such a silly bitch, anyway, carrying snakes and shit. And how old was she 12?” Eva continued, “Have a glass of wine… or maybe two. See you down there in an hour, OK? Fusion Baby!”
I nodded then paced away, trusting fool. When I turned back to Eva, she had her arm around Helen and was laughing in her ear as she directed her out of the room. William, I mean Paris, stood awkwardly for a minute, scanned the room until he encountered Menelaus’ glare, then snuck after them.
I was left alone in a sea of epicurean delights, flowing wine, and nimble and enticing women for temptation. It was loud and wild. There was music, anger, laughter, wrestling of all types of pairs, fights, and couples of all combination of sexes going at it behind every pillar. I soon learned it was not just Greek women who had talented tongues.  I circled around the open room just to kill time and observe the chaos of the humanity I struggled to serve. How did any of this ever make sense?  But I was a focused man on a mission, not to be tempted by all the diversions surrounding me, picking at me, calling to me, and sending my VSM in high gear. The massive green aura I had seen surrounding Paris and Helen convinced me I was inches from the finish line, and that prospect filled me with purpose but also anxiety. Could Eva pull this off? 
 An hour later I left the feast and the constant pats on the back from other Cherubim. “Go get ‘em, Tiger.” “We’re counting on you.”  Somehow their encouragement and the stress of the mantel of responsibility filled me with a sense of dread rather than excitement as I reached the end of the hall and heard the sensuous sound of a woman moaning in ecstasy coming through the heavy crimson drape covering the doorway. My dread turned to anticipation as I imagined William and Helen with their massive green glow beginning to fuse and bring a fountain of life to the universe. Then I imagined all the adulation a meeting with the Big Guy would bring as he made me a Seraphim. I even felt a pillar of joy at how Eva and I had worked together again. Surely a successful fusion would make her realize the good in life and change her errant ways. When I was a Seraphim I would get transferred off this rock and take Eva with me. Once away from Earth, the caring Eva would return. Hopefully she would remember all the cool Earth things she had learned, if you catch my drift, wink, wink. After all, by the sound of things, her theory was probably right. I was working on Menelaus to remove the obstacle while she chose the direct approach at getting the two together. 
That all changed when I cautiously pulled back the curtain and stepped into the windowless room dimly lit by a few oil lamps. I almost tripped over William as he lay unmoving in a heap of pillows on the floor. The only fusion he had done was to the wine glass still tight in his hand. His body was contorted but he had a massive smile on his drooling face. I couldn’t tell if it was wine or sex that had done him in but knowing Eva, I assumed both. She had clearly used and discarded him like an empty cup. Soulmates! I thought as I shook my head in disgust.
On the bed Eva rode Helen in a missionary position, holding down Helen’s arms and slowly but forcefully rubbing her talented sex against Helen’s. It was Helen’s moans I had heard but I was wrong about who generated them. The friction between them made Helen squirm beneath Eva’s constant pressure until her back arched and she threw back her head in a growling eye rolling release. Eva stopped the pressure and gloated, the victor.
“You make me come so well,” Helen purred. “We are going to be friends for all time.” Then she noticed my presence and her glance alerted Eva.
“Great, you made it. Perfect timing.” Eva dismounted, got up, and rushed to me with open arms, while Helen sat up, drew up her legs, put her arms around her knees.
I looked around the room. “What the Fuck!”
“Now, now I know it looks bad.”
“Bad? She’s not supposed to be fusing with you! It’s supposed to be this asshole!” I exclaimed pointing at a sleeping William.
“Him? He’s such a party pooper tonight. Must have been jet lag. No, they don’t have that yet, so maybe sailing lag? Whatever, we’ll try again tomorrow. Don’t worry, it’s all part of the plan. Relax.” 
“Relax? Relax? Damn it, we’re angels. We have codes…and principles!”
“Well, these are my principles. If you don’t like ‘em I’ve got others. Wanna see?”
“These are people’s souls you’re playing with! Maybe you are the devil they say you are. How can you mess up like this with a clear conscience?”
Eva struck a hand on hip pose, shifted her weight and pointed at me, “A clear conscience is a sign of a bad memory. You should have that checked.” 
I spun in a slow circle taking in the view of the disaster in the room, thinking about how I could possibly spin this. Then I thought about Menelaus and his soldiers bursting in, carrying a drunken William off for execution, dead again. This was gonna be bad. “Holy shit!” was all I could say.
Eva looked confused never having been strong on the meaning of Earth figures of speech, as she tormented humans rather than spoke with them. “Why is this ‘holy’ shit? Do humans worship shit or something?” Eva looked contemplative for a second. “You know that explains a lot of things, because they sure spend a lot of their time in it.” She looked at my panicked non-responsive face. “Arch, if this is really ‘holy’ shit why aren’t you happy with what I’ve done? The Big Guy likes Holy, right?”
I opened my mouth and held out my arms trying to decide where to begin explaining how badly she had screwed up. Eva’s not understanding human sarcasm, inherent in my expletive, didn’t help. So, instead I was speechless and stood shaking my head.
Eva turned to Helen and smiled. “Remember what I told you about?” A wicked look grew on Helen’s face and she joined Eva in beginning to undo my robe. “You need to chill a bit.”
“A lot,” added Helen.
“You are way over stressed and over thinking this right now. If you want some real holy shit, Helen and I have just the thing for you.”
I stepped back but they came after me. “Come on. What the hell are you doing?” I couldn’t help it. Something was so tantalizing about Eva’s touch after being without it for so long, that I just forgot about William, fusing, and a promotion to Seraphim. Somehow, I would sort this all out…. Later. I could fix this I deluded myself. My VSM started working overtime. That thing needs an off button. When my robe dropped from my shoulders to the floor, I was a dead duck. They closed in on me, and there were hands and lips and mouths everywhere. It began a disorienting blur of sensation. The sight of Helen’s super feminine curves and the feel of her skin against me pegged out the VSM. I could see, even then, why she had the reputation of driving so many men crazy. Damn this Earth.
Eva kissed her way up my chest to my face then whispered in my ear. “Helen is gonna show you what Greek women can do with their tongues. I heard you were wondering, and I’m gonna do the rest. All the rest.”
That was it. No more a good doing Cherub, just a dead duck…quack quack, dead.
***

The next morning was hell. “Somehow” word of Paris and his lesbian accomplice’s seduction and defiling of Helen had reached Menelaus. Odds are it came from Eva with pride. He mobilized his guards only to find the Trojan ship had sailed with the tide. I went with them shaking my head at Eva getting the better of me and disabling me with deluded feelings again. Eva’s plan to get rid of Menelaus worked for a brief moment but then came the death of Paris (aka William) at the battle of Troy. Along the way Eva and Helen had a vicious breakup, over Paris I figured. I realize now that spat continues today with Eva’s loathing of Helen and each of her incarnations up to today. 
After the battle Helen returned to Sparta and Menelaus. Apparently, the king took her back even after the terrible deceit and carnage. But I think it was what Eva had taught Helen to do with her tongue that may have changed his mind. Damn this Earth.
So now maybe you get the whole Eva, Me, William, Anne/Alexandra/Helen picture in a little better definition.

*** 

CHAPTER 5 – Tori

CIRCA April 2019 New York, NY USA
The width of a Hair


WILLIAM
I don’t know. There was something unexpected about her kiss. Out of nowhere it was ardent, and the level of passion was electrifying. Maybe there was some wild chemistry between us or maybe my old football stories over dinner had impressed her more than I thought. I had expected a quick peck on the cheek and a long frustrating ride home in the rain (again), but instead I found my lips drawn into hers and my chest pressed against her breasts. I took hold of her hands and pinned Tori to the door of her New York walk up while the rain steadily misted on us. I could feel my level of interest fly only to feel her passion for me swell. Or maybe it was her flying, and me swelling, but you get the idea.
It wasn’t like me to be this brazen on a first date, or even have a date with my mind still full of Amanda. That was just all the more reason I was so taken off guard by the electricity that surrounded Tori’s touch.
After a moment my lips dropped to kiss the raindrops on her neck, and I felt her drift into a melted butter surrender welcoming the attention of my hands and lips. “You’re mine tonight,” I whispered into her ear as I kissed it. She closed her eyes, raised her head swanning her neck, inviting my lips. I kissed her nape before running my tongue down its length. I wedged open her coat and quickly freed the buttons of her blouse.
As the rain flowed down her face, she glanced from side to side seemingly concerned that we were in such a public place. She giggled as she looked nervously at the street around us. “What about my neighbors?”
“Tell ‘um to get in line or find their own girl. I’m not sharin’ you with anyone,” I joked as my mouth dropped and found a firm welcoming nipple dripping with beads of water.
“I didn’t mean that!” she spewed a laugh. “I don’t know. They might see us.”
“So? You shy?”
“Seeing this might turn them on,” she tittered before surrendering. “Ummmm.”
I paused and reflected for a second. “Ok, if they’re half as good as you, I’ll do them too,” I joked before returning to my ardent work.
She giggled like a child. “No, I mean this! Seeing this…” she said fading away and looking down at me determinedly working on her chest, then closing her eyes and smiling. “You look like a hungry boy, a bad bad hungry boy.” I pulled the skin on her neck with my lips in a toothless bite. ”Down, boy!” she giggled, so I did the same a bit lower on her neck. “You’re gonna have to get a lot lower than that.”
The rain began to fall in fine sheets, and I felt her taking deep long breaths. “Maybe we should go inside,” she suggested but not very convincingly. When my hands slipped under her skirt and began to explore between her legs, she added with a light laugh, “Or not.” Her legs subtly spread, and she lifted her eyes to the sky while sighing a moan.
I didn’t know if it was all the drinks Tori had had at the restaurant or if she was just really into my touch, but she seemed a combination of mellow surrender yet with heightened sensitivity. She reacted to my caresses like they were electricity. Her moans let me know what she liked and made me crave her even more. She surrendered and began listening only to the instructions of my fingers, swaying to the tension building up inside her.
But when the sparks of my attention made her moans become a sea of rapture and her knees began to wobble, she pulled away saying softly, “Come on.” She gestured for me to follow with two encouraging fingers in a way a man can’t resist if he’s ever lucky enough to experience it. They say the whisper of a woman is louder than the roar of a lion. I think the guy who first said that was summarily eaten by a lion but was still smiling. Reluctantly, my hands and lips lost track of her as she turned and fumbled with the lock on the door. “Damn,” she said as she impatiently jiggled the lock seeming unable to get it open quickly enough. After it finally clicked and she pushed open the door, Tori turned to me, smiled, locked her wide brown eyes on mine, and squeezed a lock of her red hair between her fingers producing a stream of rainwater. “Good to see you can get me so wet,” she said with a sultry laugh.
I followed her into the building. “That’s just the beginning. Wait till I get going,” I responded trying to sound calm and collected, which I wasn’t. 
Tori laughed as she took me by the hand, and our wet shoes squished and squeaked across the tile floor. She led me down the hall toward her apartment not the least bit concerned for what any passing neighbors might think of her open blouse and soaked clothing. In fact, when she reached the door and began to turn her key she stopped, ran her hands over my chest and assaulted me with an impassioned kiss that pinned me to the wall. Then as quickly as she had started, she stopped, smiled and laughed again. It was a childish laugh and I wasn’t really sure I liked it. 
“Come on.” She beckoned, taking hold of my jacket lapels and pulling me into the apartment. I kicked the door closed in passing before we stopped in the tiny living room. She made another juvenile giggle and tore off my jacket. “Just what have you got in here?”
I took hold of her in a forceful kiss while my arms clamped tempestuously. Her head dropped to my shoulder to catch her breath as my lips dropped to her neck. I slid my hand beneath her skirt and began rotating between her legs. My thoughts began to race, drawn toward a frenzy by her moans and her submission to the urging of my fingers.  I tried forcing back flashing images of Amanda only to concede to them. Soon Tori became Amanda in my arms and the delusion was complete. Please, don’t speak. leave me to my fantasy, I thought. 
 	 “This might be the cosmos I had at the restaurant talking but here goes,” she said, and I paused, not certain I wanted to hear what was coming next. “Amanda told me you would be a great first date, but she never told me about this. How’d she ever let you go?” 
“Amanda had her chance. The stars just weren’t right I guess.” I went back to my eager work and tried to regain the spell of fantasy I had cast over myself.
“Fuck the stars,” Tori said with an amused growl. She moaned and began swaying her hips to the rhythm of my hand. “First date, what the fuck is going on with me? I can’t remember a guy so intensely going after me.  I like your fingers, but I want your tongue,” she whispered in my ear surprising the crap out of me. I was taken aback but she wouldn’t have to ask me twice. When I dropped to my knees and my lips slid along her thigh, she stopped me, grabbed my face, and implored me to stand up.
“Can you give me a minute? You can go in the bedroom. I’ll be there in a second,” Tori said while standing awkwardly slumped over.
Having thought I had totally captivated her, I was curious and disappointed. I couldn’t understand her sudden reluctance. “Okay,” I said taking a couple deep breaths. “Something wrong?”
She laughed and shook her head as she clumsily took a step back. “I’ll be with you in a minute,” she said pointing to the bedroom door. “Don’t mind the mess. I wasn’t expecting company, if you know what I mean. Amanda’s last hook up gave me a sweaty handshake goodnight.”
I took an assertive step toward her thinking she just needed reassurance, but her arm stopped me. “I just need a minute.”
I gave her a quick grin then backed my way into the bedroom; my curiosity turning to concern that this fiery moment had gone. I snapped on the light on the nightstand and sat down on the edge of the small bed. The light revealed a girlish pink room with a couple of posters and stuffed animals for good measure. Every horizontal surface from dresser, to dressing table was covered with cosmetics, papers, and clothes. I ran my fingers through my long dark hair feeling the rainwater drip out of it. I began unbuttoning my shirt then thought better of it.
After just a few moments, the scintillation of lust was wearing thin. Thoughts began closing in on me of how different it felt to be with Amanda, warmth, love, and attachment bolstering the sexuality. I didn’t feel that with Tori, so I felt my sexual excitement dripping away drop by drop. This was unlike me. I had never had a one-night stand and was never one to start a relationship just for sex when I already knew it had no future. Just what was I doing here?
Maybe Amanda was just messing with me by introducing me to Tori. Maybe this was her way of getting back at me, but for what? It was her idea to split up. It was her in the back seat of her new boyfriend’s limo. It was her warming his bed doing that slithering arching thing with her back, I’ll bet. We’d had a year together, but it was over. It just wasn’t in the stars, but those stars had really glowed brightly with Amanda. Just screw it, I thought to stop my reminiscing. But the damage was done. I felt the passion of the night drifting away as thoughts of Amanda made my blood began to cool like a steamy espresso dumped in a tall glass of Amanda ice. 
The minutes seemed like forever, so I stood up to find out where Tori had gone and make up some excuse to leave. Just as I did, Tori appeared and wrapped herself around the doorjamb wearing only her panties and a tumbler of bourbon in each hand. She smiled and downed half of one of the tumblers. “See? I told you it’d just be a minute,” she slurred as she took a couple wobbly steps toward me. Then the full tumbler slipped out of her hand and spilled on the floor. She stopped and put her hand to her mouth. “Oops. Sorry, that one was yours, “she said giggling. She finished the other glass then let it drop as well. Tori took one step toward me then lowered her head. “Sorry, I took so long. It’s just…” she said turning her head to the corner of the room and beginning to tear in the corner of her eyes, “It’s just I’ve had good things go bad and I’m a little – scared. So sometimes a little liquid courage helps. You know what I mean?” she slurred.
“Sure,” I said, not looking at her.
“Oh, now I’ve ruined everything! Haven’t I?” she said reaching out for me, but her arm only glanced off my shoulder.
“No, it’s fine. I had a great time,” I said drifting toward the door.
She caught up with me and plopped her arms over my shoulders. “I am such an asshole sometimes,” she mumbled into my chest and then became quiet and still. 
 	It took me a minute to realize that her eyes had closed, and she was now dead weight leaning into me. “Tori? You okay? Tori?...Great,” I concluded while shaking my head. I dipped one arm behind her knees and lifted her onto the bed with no response from her other than a mouth that dropped open. I laid her on her side and, pulled her duvet across the bed to cover her and stood for a moment while the confusion of the night spun in my mind. “Just wasn’t in the stars,” I whispered to myself before turning to leave, feeling the weight of my excitement and sexual energy hit the ground like a fallen stone that had landed on my foot. Was all that electricity just the flow of alcohol in our veins?  I sighed as I left while images of Amanda smiling appeared one after another in my head. There was the one of her in that jean jacket I bought her and then her in that black dress. I couldn’t escape her, nor should I even try. Amanda was the piece of me that was missing. What the hell was I doing here? I took only one step before the answer bounced back in my head delivered by the image of Amanda getting out of a limo smiling followed by him. Oh yeah, that’s why.

***


ARCHIE
Stars my ass! What did their little twinkle have to do with anything? I was the one trying to save William’s butt. It really frosted my knickers that he never appreciates anything I’ve done for him, the little ungrateful bastard. Sorry.
It hadn’t been one of my plans for William and Tori to ultimately be together. But here they were making love in the rain. Just as it hadn’t been the plan for him to do all kinds of avant garde things to make my life miserable. Sorry, it’s just been years, no make than centuries, of Jim-frickin’-dandy frustration with William, so occasionally I have to vent. Tori’s not number one in William’s soulmate list. In fact, she’s not even on the list…at all! 
William’s been in a long spell of bad luck, if you can call 2000 years a spell. He‘s a free -thinking curve-breaker that can turn ‘destined’ into maybe. Back at the office we have a special term for that sort of people…morons. Not that he was stupid, let’s just say unpredictable… unappreciative, undisciplined; uncontrollable…sorry there I go again. 
Sometimes the difference between what is meant to be and what happens is just the width of a hair. In William’s case I guess that hair is pretty thick. Tonight, love making with Tori was not the course we expected either. The boss of us Guardians, Isaiah, and the Big Guy were givin’ me the fisheye over this 2000-years-of-failing to find a soulmate for William thing. I had to hope he would get it right this time despite himself. 
At any rate, I applauded myself for self-control as he slunk passed me standing on the corner outside Tori’s apartment. I had wanted to reach out and pop him a good one just for being such an ass hole. But I didn’t; again. After all, the boy was miserable enough. Sure, I love these little detours; standing in the rain waiting for him to fail, soaked instead of having a warm brandy at that pub right there. Instead, I’m watching William crash and burn like a paper airplane that fate had tossed into a fire. I shook my head as I watched him flow down the street like a wet beaten dog. Maybe one day he’ll figure it out. Until then, I’ll just go look for a sharp knife or maybe a tall building to jump off.
If you thought, I’d be glad that William figured out that Tori might not be soulmate material you’d be wrong. You don’t know William like I do. Right now, as he walked to the subway, he wasn’t thinking about all the very un-soul-mate things Tori had shown. No, my William was ignoring all that and thinking about how alive and fun she was at dinner and how great her body felt. I could tell he was trying to rationalize excuses for everything else by the occasional glance back at her apartment he made as he walked away. 
What on God’s green earth was he thinking?  Maybe losing Amanda had made him desperate. As per usual I had hooked him up with his soulmate. In this life she was a fellow executive at his company, Amanda, and the perfectly good all-rounder. As in her previous lifetimes, she was so quick and knowledgeable that she came across with an opinion so assertively that it sometimes seemed overbearing. But it was just her confidence that she knew what she knew. She’s intelligent, quick, successful, wise, knowledgeable, beautiful, takes care of herself, and is even a part time model; all in one woman. Man, she is somethin’. Amanda was William’s number one ranked match on our soulmate software for God knows what reason. And he ain’t tellin’.  Somehow William had managed to blow that opportunity, and now here he had fallen down to Tori instead, a woman who made horrible decisions but was good hearted and not even on his soulmate list. I don’t think he got the idea of the precision required to make soulmates. He’d be at it another 2000 years unless I could somehow get it through his head. Oh well, at least he didn’t trip on the steps and break his neck…this time.

***

CHAPTER 6  - Amanda 101

Circa April 2019 New York, NY USA
It’s just beginning



WILLIAM
At work the next morning, I felt melancholy even after a second cup of coffee… and a donut…with sprinkles…okay two. I rested my elbows on my desk and my forehead in my hands. I ignored my computer and stared blankly out the glass wall into the crowded maze of cubicles of my fellow employees while I clicked my pen mercilessly despite never having anything to write. Something was missing, but it remained faceless despite the chilling effect it was having on my life. It felt like a hole, okay, a cavern in my chest that I could never fill. Amanda leaving had taken out a piece of me, a chunk I wanted back.
That’s when, glowing through the glass wall of my office, I saw Amanda exit the elevator and immediately greet a group of people with that big hypnotic smile of hers. God, she looked beautiful…and happy. Why the hell did she have to look so happy? Was she really as lovely as my eyes believed, or was I just so infatuated? I’ll bet that dress cost a fortune. Why did her long blonde hair look so full and bouncy today? Had it bounced like that when we were together? I didn’t think so. Didn’t she have a flaw...besides dumping me, I mean? Well, she was a tough laugh. I remember spending a whole week trying to get a good belly laugh out of her. And I finally did it. Well for her it was a belly laugh. That was it; that was her flaw; the girl had no sense of humor. Except now she was laughing with those clients in the lobby. Son of a…. 
I wondered why she’d come down here from her perch on the 20th floor with all the big mucky mucks. Had she come to gloat? Did she know already about my disastrous night with Tori? 
My head had started to hurt with all the questions I was asking myself, when Amanda looked right at me with those oversized brown eyes and drew me in like she was right in my face instead of fifty feet away. How many people have natural blonde hair and deep bottomless pools of brown eyes? Right away I should have known there was a touch of God about her. Oh man, how those lips looked. I remembered those lips. Hi guys. She held my gaze for so long I had time to make a deep sigh. Then she smiled, and I felt an uncontrollable flood of feelings wash over me, followed by a foolish sense of hope. I am such an idiot, those eyes, those amazing Amanda eyes.
I thought about the time I’d first seen those eyes. It was at a costume party before Halloween just after I’d started with the company. I swung through the door of the large two leveled flat owned by one of the big mucky muck managers. It was open and modern and filled with a sea of co-workers most of whom I didn’t know yet. Back home in Cleveland this flat would have been impressive but in NYC it was a multi-multi-million-dollar nest with walls of glass and high ceilings leading to a second floor of the same. 
Jack, who had been my first friend in New York, was the first to greet me. I’d met Jack at work and he was the one responsible for the NY Jets inspired salsa explosion that caused a stain on the ceiling of my living room. Our friendship was surprising because our attitudes and approaches were so opposite, but somehow, we combined to make one seamless personality. He was a big boisterous, post-athletic guy who somehow flowed with my more reserved contemplative style. I had to battle to meet women, and I can’t remember ever seeing him outside of work without a cajoling smile, one hand on a beer and the other on a woman’s back. I could only dream about taking life that casually and often was jealous of the quick intimacy he reached with women. Jack had zero political correctness. I had too much, so he always made me laugh. It was like I wanted to be more like him, and he knew he should be more like me. 
That Halloween, Jack was dressed as an overweight superman in a costume that was just a little too tight. As per usual, he appeared with a lovely woman at his side. This time she was a tall black temptress dressed as cat-woman. 
“Who are you supposed to be? A ninja or my worst nightmare?” Jack’s trademark sarcasm started.
“Zorro. You know who that is right?”
“Oh, what was that like 1960?”
“Hey, a classic is a classic.”
“Hey, crap is crap… I’d like you meet Layla.”
“Cat woman,” Layla snarled. 
“Pleased to meet you.”
“You know me,” Jack said lifting Layla’s hand. “Always looking for a pussy…cat.”
I always wondered how he got away with his classless comments, but he was never alone. Layla punched him in the ribs but smiled in play. Superman Jack responded by trying to lift her up, but his better days were gone, so he put her back down. Jack gestured to his boss who was socializing nearby. “You see McKenzie with his Trophy wife?”
	“Yeah, what did he win, third place?”
“I know what you mean, woof, woof.”
“I don’t know. Someone said she’s done some modeling.”
“On the home page of Dog Digest, maybe. Wait, if he’s here then who‘d I kill?” Jack said in mock panic.
I laughed. “Come to think of it, I haven’t seen Baxter lately.” 
“All right, sweetheart,” Jack said to Catwoman, “Let’s get a drink.”
“Two,” came her answer.
Jack tapped me hard on the shoulder. “Excuse us, old timer. You better answer that phone, I think the ‘60’s are calling.”
With that he was gone, and I was surrounded by everyone and no one. After a moment I heard it coming from upstairs. It was music that sent its point right through me. A blend of electronics and keyboard to which someone had mated wailing strings, sounding unlike anything I had ever heard. The beat drew me to follow while the strings drew, no make that compelled, me to find them. I climbed the open stairway, slithered through the crowd, until it opened onto the sound system that was piercing into my soul. I stood for moment just floating in the sounds wondering whose song it was and who was playing it, not the driving base you normally hear at a party. The music swelled in me until I glanced to my right and there, she stood just a few feet away. 
Amanda was dressed as a superhero in a black jump suit, cape, and a mask fitting just over her eyes like mine. She appraised and then plucked some hor d’oeuvres from a serving table before noticing me. At first it was just a glance. Her mask blocked out the rest of her face and funneled all my attention to her eyes. It was like her soul was trapped in a truthful tunnel, the confined revealing prisoner of my questioning gaze. 
After briefly fighting an instinct to look away, our eyes locked. I felt like I had been drawn into hers and was aware of nothing but their brown fury. Every line of color in her eyes seemed like a memory telling a story. Each tiny flaw in her cornea started my imagination running. Immediately, I was totally caught off guard and blown away.
Our eyes began moving in unison, following one another in short quick movements, telling little bursts that played out like a symphony. They remained locked together for a long moment until I didn’t know where she ended, and I began. Any sense of there being the slightest sliver of space between us was an illusion. It felt immediately comfortable and intimate, more uniting than any kiss or sex I’d ever had as the unity of our minds was stronger than that of our bodies. Our eyes were like an open door into one another. My jaw actually dropped, and I stood with my mouth open in wonder. I floated in a mental stillness that made all of New York and its millions just vanish.
Then, our connection severed. Her eyes widened in a panic, jolting me, too. She turned and quickly disappeared in the crowd as the Siren music that had brought me to her also came to an end. I watched her walk away with a sense of awe that something important had just happened. But then I began stinging my own brain like a rabid bee with the realization that I had foolishly said nothing and just let her leave. I cursed my tendency to put women on such an unreachable pedestal. 
Luckily, fate offered me a do-over. I found her speaking with some women from my office and a man whose body language told everyone he’d like to know her better. Sasheer, my chatty assistant, invited me to join in. 
“William, have you tried these freakin’ scallops?” She said stuffing one into my mouth. I nodded a smiling approval as I chewed. “You know everybody here. Oh, except Amanda,” she said gesturing to my superwoman in black. Now at least I had her name. “Julia works for Amanda upstairs,” Sasheer said pointing repeatedly up with her finger. “Like way upstairs. And this is Matthew…a friend of hers.”
“How are you?” I asked nodding at Amanda and shaking Matthew’s hand. “Good to see you got my costume color email,” I said with a wink.  
“What, this old thing? Actually, it’s not a costume. I was just out flying around saving the City and thought I would drop in for some free shrimp.”  
I grinned at her comment, and Matthew coughed out a long fake laugh. 
Sasheer wrapped her arm around herself and shivered. “Am I the only one who’s freezing in here? All these people and it’s so freakin’ cold.”
“Maybe you should start wearing underwear,” one of the women joked.
“Leave it to the company to try and save a buck on heat,” said another one of the women.
“Yeah, I’m really cold too,” said Amanda, looking at me. “Here, feel my hand.” Matthew reached for her hand until she corrected him. “No, I want him to feel it,” she said, extending her hand toward me.
I hesitated then smiled inside as I took her hand and felt the smooth skin of her pale icy fingers. “Wow. I think we better warm you up,” I said, magnetically drawn up into those eyes. I realized this was my chance and I had better not wimp out...again. I took her hand and began leading her away from the group. “I saw a fireplace downstairs and I’ll get us some brandies.”
“Brandy? What if I don’t drink?”
“Hey, we are talking survival here. St. Bernards gave avalanche victims brandy whether they were teetotalers of not, so I’m not taking any chances with you. You’re getting Brandy and stat… See? Stat. Fancy medical term, shows how urgent your condition is and how desperate I am to impress you.” After feeling the touch of her hand in mine, it dawned on me how easy it was to be with her. All my nerves were calmed, and I kicked away the pedestal I had erected for her.
“I suppose you can’t second guess a big fluffy slobbering dog,” she concluded.
“Hey, I’m not fluffy.”
“I meant the St Bernard.”
“Right, hey being fluffy is not something to be ashamed of…Plus I’m not the one bordering on frost bite here.”
“How about some warming conversation?”
“How about some sizzling conversation?”
“Even better.”
We sat on the hearth of the large gas fireplace. She sipped her brandy just enough to keep me from being insulted, while we conversed and bantered. You know how it is with some people you meet where its awkward and like pulling teeth? Well, Amanda and I were definitely not that. Everything was easy, understandable, and entertaining. We slipped into one another with ease. We found common interests at work and outside it. 
 We went on for hours. I found we were both imports to NYC’s millions, her being from Michigan and me from Ohio. She felt safe telling me about her dirt-poor youth, her abusive stepfather, her leaving school at 16, and drew me into full empathy. She confided that throughout it all she felt certain someone was watching out for her and would never let her fall. At first, I felt like her childhood was so tragic and sad, certain to leave permanent scars on her life. Then, she told me of her transformation which I considered heroic, receiving a scholarship, getting back in school, then college and a master’s degree. She had the internal strength to use the challenges of her youth as motivation. She told me how she just wanted to be ‘somebody’ to prove the past wrong. She set lofty goals, and somehow, I believed she would attain them. Her inquisitive desire for adventure, to learn, and to be better was inspiring to the point it made me feel guilty that I didn’t have what she had. As the old adage goes about being given lemons, well through free well she had taken her rotten lemons and made Dom Perignon. In the very instant of first meeting her, she had already become my hero. She had internal strength, intelligence, and a determined commitment to life, and I liked it.
All I could counter with was a fairly normal life in Ohio based on introverted self-educated determination. Hey, my family tree was a cactus, so I told her my life story but peppered in some jokes. “I’m the youngest of three, my mom and dad were both a bit older than me… I was born in a log cabin which I helped my father to build. Even picked out my own crib… I grew up in a house filled with love, so we had to move. That stuff was everywhere…My father wasn’t the best Dad, but he was a great neighbor.” Maybe a little smirk now and again.
I hadn’t climbed Everest sized mountains like she had. However, she seemed to be impressed that I was an avid cyclist and we compared distances, speeds, and countryside’s. We both skied so we compared resorts we’d been to and the old preference question of fresh powder or groomed slopes. I told her I was actually considering doing an open-mic night at a comedy club, but rather than laugh at me like everyone else, she was very supportive even after I told her a couple of my jokes based on our office. Her assertive side gave me critiques of the jokes and offered alternative punch lines or deliveries as if she had experience in the field. She didn’t but her suggestions made sense to me. She must have thought, ‘man, this guy is someone who can take abuse if he’s considering standup on an open mic night’. I could tell she was a very tough laugh and considered it a challenge the whole rest of the night. I suddenly found myself telling her things I had never told anyone. I even told her about a female high school teacher that today’s world would find abusive, but how she had changed my life. 
It was like we both stood together naked and poured buckets of ourselves over one another while smiling and laughing like kids splashing in the puddles we created, fearless of being judged by the other. All I remember now was being consumed by a complete feeling of laughter, smiles, and warmth. Was that heaven?
Later the party had disintegrated around us, as if we had even noticed. By now the masks were off and I had the symmetry of her face to enjoy. Amanda held out her hand. I took it and felt it warm and radiant. “See?” was all she said.
“I was right about the brandy.”
“It wasn’t the brandy,” she said, tactfully sliding her nearly full glass out of sight behind her. “I had a really great time. You’re so easy to talk to. It seems like I’ve known you forever.”
“Oh, let’s not get carried away. I’d say I’ve known those amazing eyes for maybe 800 years, 1000 tops, but not forever.” I looked up to her eyes and again felt myself locking into them. 
Our eyes united and began moving in unison again, before she laughed and pulled away. “Don’t start doing that to me again.”
“What?” I asked, smiling inside because now I knew she had felt the same connection I had. Knowing it wasn’t just my imagination lifted me up like a balloon rising into a sunny sky.
“That thing. That thing you do with your eyes. It’s like you climb into my head.”
“Is that bad?”
She thought for an instant, smiled, and shook her head. “I guess not. But I’m not responsible for what you might find in there. Could be dangerous.” 
“Or very addictive. Sometimes an explosion can be a good thing.” It was funny that she said it was a “thing I did with my eyes” because I had never felt it before with anyone else. In fact, I thought it was a thing she did with her eyes. Then I decided it was just a thing our eyes did sliding together. I paused while looking into her eyes and realizing in surprise and a disappointment, She is clueless as to how much she’s impressed me and how quickly she’s done it. I needed to do something about that.
A few minutes later, the cleanup crew arrived, and we moved down to the lobby of the building. Amanda called for a car to take her home before we leaned against a granite pillar by the front door and waited.
Looking at her, I couldn’t shake the giddy feeling that I had just won the lottery. Our eyes locked again but this time she didn’t fight it. I slipped in for a long mellow kiss after which we both sighed with satisfaction. That was the first time I noticed that she always tasted like strawberries for some reason. 
“Maybe we should go to my place,” I whispered. “We don’t have to make love. It’s just I don’t want this to end.”
She smiled knowingly, “It’s just beginning.” And I trusted her completely.
Now, a year-and-a-half later, those eyes were fifty feet away, but it felt like a hundred miles. In another instant, she was gone, escorting her group into the elevator. As the elevator doors began to close, she didn’t look at me again, but I couldn’t take my eyes off her. Then I was left with nothing but the empty space where she had been.
That was when my phone beeped with a text and I rushed to lift it out of my pocket somehow thinking it was Amanda. Instead, it was from Tori, “Sorry about last night. Can I buy you a cup of coffee? Hear it might rain again later. Wanna get wet?”
I looked out at the empty space that had contained Amanda, then typed a return text, Sure, when and where?

***
CHAPTER 7 – Archie at Work

Circa May 2019 New York, NY USA
The W word!



ARCHIE
Over the years I’d learned how to make my life more comfortable. Hey, I deserved it for centuries of dealing with William and mealy mouth morons afraid of relationships. Ohhh, I’m afraid of commitment! Ooh, I’m afraid to get hurt. Shut the front door you little wienie! A nip here, a tuck there, never worrying about aging, and a little beauty called compound interest over hundreds of years, and at least my days on this planet were comfortable. 
Or so I thought as I sat at a candlelit table on a rooftop swanky bar overlooking the twinkling night skyline of Manhattan. I watched my date slither off in her tight dress to powder her nose thinking; You know this ain’t so bad, until suddenly it was. 
Over my shoulder rang a familiar voice, making me put down my drink and cough up the sip I had just taken. I turned to see my boss, Isaiah, slowly pacing toward me with his muscular body stretching his shiny expensive suit like a balloon. His dark brown skin and bald shaved head made his body seem all that more gigantic. Isaiah’s serious look and hulky threatening presence always made me think he shouldn’t be working in the Big Guy’s soulmate department, but instead in the one down below that collected souls. “Isaiah!” I said starting to get up before he pushed me down into my seat and stood over me. 
“Hard at work, I see.” Then he looked at my companion’s half-filled glass. “I’m sure she’s a client.”
“Well….”
“Tell me, Archie, how many times have we had to have this same discussion?”
“Discussion?” Always better to play dumb with Isaiah.
“The W word! William! Just think, because you’re here, some a poor village somewhere is without their idiot. Did you know He asked me about William personally--again--today? Centillions of life forms for him to worry about, and he asks me about your client again! That’s three times in just 200 years! With a universe expanding uncontrolled, black holes running amuck everywhere, and all the other things that poor guy has to worry about every damn day, you would think you could get William off of his to do list! It was an “Earth” themed day at the status meeting. I was spreading some cream cheese on a bagel, and he walks up munching a poppy seed Danish asking, “What’s the latest on William? Pin that one down yet?” Isaiah said in frustration before grabbing my date’s drink and downing it as he wiggled his oversized butt down into her chair. It seemed to have a calming effect on him as he sighed, “Listen, Archie boy, have you ever considered the possibility that it’s you that’s screwing up, not William? Not on purpose, mind you. Maybe in some subtle way you just don’t want him to be done.”
I laughed at such a ridiculous idea, knowing full well how much medication William being gone would save me. I gestured drawing a line with my hand. “No!” 
Isaiah leaned in closer making me cringe back a bit, “You know, I’ve been doin’ this for a little while. I’m no fool. I know even you angels have your wicked little schemes.”
I pushed back my head incredulously pretending to have no idea what he could possibly mean. “What? But we’re angels. They call us that for a reason.”
Isaiah pointed a finger at me, “Cut the bull. One time you had William beat up just so that he’d be taken to a nurse who was his One. Very creative technique for a guardian to use, but I can’t tell you how many rules that broke. He could have died!”
The actor in me reemerged and I put my hand over my chest in mock disbelief. “Me? Never! “Then I shook my head and reached out both hands. “The guy dies all the time! It’s his…schtick or something. Personally, I don’t recall dying as being a whole lot of fun.”
Isaiah waved his hand, creating a breeze, “Don’t even bother…I know you take liberties,” he said gesturing to the club around him. “I know all of it, but you crank out match after match and the Big Guy likes you, loves you in fact. He says you’re a great asset, but if you ask me, he was off by two letters. But, even I’ll admit that you always hit ones, top seed matches. You find ones matched to ones and all these other schmucks settle for threes or fours, just throw people together and hope it sticks. But not you. You never take the easy way out. When you match ‘em, they are done! You send them off with their best chance of fusion.  He’s sure you’ll have another fusion any day, but 1922 was a long time ago. He even threw out the “S” word once or twice, man.” 
I looked at him, confused. I know a lot of “S” words, but I’m not sure what fits here.
Isiah gave me a look of disgust. “S- that’s ‘Seraphim’, numb nuts. That’s the highest order, not that you would know what it takes to be one.” Isaiah paused, reflected, and shook his head. “After all, this soulmate thing is one of his proudest projects.” Then he shook his head, that seemed way too small for his shoulders like a lonely grape atop a standing loaf of bread, “Matches aside, I’ll be damned if I can figure what he sees in you. Me, though, I can see right through you! So, you just drop your devious little scheme, whatever it is, and get this William off the board.”
“Me, devious?” I said trying to act surprised and giving him my innocent little boy face.
“As a billion suns rise. And if you don’t stop it, I’ll find out what you’re up to and it will be goodbye sweet life for you and my foot up your ass!” 
In my defense, I tried to act perplexed. “Listen, the guy makes bad choices. He…” I said pointing up to the sky. “Puts him in impossible situations.”
“Oh,” said Isaiah leaning his intimidating bulk over the table. “Now it’s his fault too!” Isaiah shook his head and sat back. “Yeah, it’s everybody’s fault but yours. Remember, you’re his damn Guardian! Is there some reason you don’t want to match him with his number one?”
“Believe me, I want him off the schedule as much as you!”  I lied in hopes he might buy it.
“Well then when, huh? When?” asked Isaiah getting into my face.
Centuries of frustration in dealing with William, compounded by Eva, and my attraction to Amanda all stirred in my head.  I rubbed my forehead in the irritation that it all had finally caught up with me. “I’m workin’ on it. I’m workin’ on it!”
“You got a weird way of showin’ it!” Isaiah said gesturing to the plush bar around us. 
“Hey, I’ve been successfully making matches for centuries.”
“That’s news! Don’t worry, I’ll keep your secret.”
“I have! I can’t help it if ones don’t fuse.”
“Listen, cupcake, we need William resolved, now,” he said planting an emphatic sapling sized finger into the tabletop, “Not 2000 years from now. Next time, he’ll go all fire and brimstone on me for sure!”
I held out my palms in defense. “Hey, I can only work with who the program gives me. Right now that’s not much.”
Isaiah leaned in toward me with a fierce look on his face, grabbed my drink, downed it, and took a long breath. “What do you mean? There’s a super great candidate…Amanda something or another.”
I held up my hands as if he had just proven my point. “See? Amanda! He blew it when she was Helen, Anne, then Alexandra, Ania, whoever. He always blows it.  What am I supposed to do with that? She just broke up with him!”
“Broke up?” Isaiah asked while I nodded. “How the hell did you let that happen? Ones don’t just break up! They’re supposed to fuse. What the hell did you do?” I shrugged and Isaiah mopped his hand over his face before he gave a grave look. “This isn’t another ‘Eva thing’ is it? Like Greece or Germany or California or…”
I gave him my innocent boy look trying to cover for Eva as I always seemed to do. “What?” I haven’t seen her in centuries.” (Other than a week or so ago)
“And you’re not shacking up with his number one again, are you?”
Shock again. Boy this guy is good.  I’m just guessing here that he wouldn’t understand my being with his number one and Eva as well. “No…never. You know he is big on that ‘free will’ thing when it comes to Earth. He’s infected the whole planet with it.”
Isaiah lowered his head. “Yeah, makes it tricky sometimes. Not sure he thought that experiment through.”
 “I can’t make them want William,” I said blurting out a laugh at the apparent upsurdity. “Can I?”
Isaiah thought about it for a second then shook his head. He sighed. “I’ll check with telemetry and see who they have coming up to add to his list.”
I held up a finger. “But it won’t be a One. His One dumped him. Not my fault,” I said raising my hands in defense. 
Isaiah looked up at me furiously. “Do you think I care if it’s a One or a One Hundred? I don’t think they’re fusion material. You don’t think so, but the Big Guy still thinks they are. You know the same ol’ all knowledgeable schtick. Just get William off the board and out of sight for a while. Or maybe you’d rather be matching slugs on Alpha Centauri! I’ve got a startup project there you can head!” 
I’d heard about the weird mating rituals there, glanced around at my comfortable life here on the rooftop, and decided to pucker up. “Sir, I will get this one done!” 
“Great to hear. You know, sometimes you surprise me. I hope this is one of those times. Some Cherubim tell me you’re not fit to sleep with pigs, I think the pigs said that too. But not me. I still think you are fit to sleep with pigs.” Isaiah stood to leave then looked down at the remains of the meat and cheese plate on the table. “That salami?” he asked, already clearing the plate before waiting for me to answer. 
I gave a late and unnecessary approving wave of my hand. “Prosciutto”.
 He leaned over and pointed a stubby finger at me. “I don’t want to have this conversation again, hear me?” 
I nodded, and Isaiah trudged away devouring my appetizer in three bites. I wiped my forehead and took a deep breath before my date returned. 
“Everything Okay?” she asked noticing my flustered appearance.
 “Mind if I take you home?” I asked no longer in the mood.
“Wai
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
I shrugged. “Things happen…You don’t really want to know.”
She studied me and sighed, her face changing from disturbed to concerned. “You really look upset.”
“That’s cause I am!” I declared showing my inner hurt child and hoping for the best.
She reached over and took my hand. “Anything I can do to help?”
I lowered my head and looked to the side with an arched eyebrow and a smile flashing on my face for an instant. Suddenly it was good to be an angel again. “Why don’t we go somewhere private, we can talk?”
“Ok,” said my date but seeming disappointed. “Sure, we can talk… but I just wanted to fuck my brains out tonight.” Yeah, it was good to be an angel.
When we promptly rose to leave, I accidently bumped into a woman who was passing, and we ended up facing one another. Even with Eva’s long auburn hair chopped to her shoulders, dyed a deep blue with streaks of purple, and a few extra pizzas rounding out her belly, it was easy to recognize her. Her sarcastic smile and inappropriately casual yet risqué clothes were immediately familiar. I stood speechless in jaw dropping surprise, before she bent down and pretended to pick something off the floor.
“Here, I think ya dropped dese,” she said in a Brooklyn accent. She gestured as if popping my eyeballs back into their sockets one at a time. “There ya go. Now yous can see what’s right in front of ya.” Eva smirked and made a dramatic turn before she strolled over and sat down at a table nearby already populated by two tall young men embroiled in a discussion about basketball. They greeted her warmly but then continued their conversation. I stood while the surprise and wonder about what she was up to began crawling over me like a colony of ants. She looked back at me, gestured at my date, shook her head, gave a thumbs down gesture, then choked herself with both hands, before turning back to her table and smiling. Instantly she joined the basketball conversation, “Funny, yous two should talkin’ about bouncin’ balls. You ever hear of a double dribble?”


***

Normally I do anything I can to avoid thinking about William’s case in my spare time, but Isaiah’s visit, William howling at the moon, and now the presence of Eva wouldn’t let me rest. Just to convince myself that I wasn’t the loser Isaiah thought I was, I spent a vigorous day putting soulmates together, starting relationships I knew could blossom, and breathing in deeply the excitement and joy emanating from the new couples.  I’d show Isaiah he was wrong and today proved it.  I didn’t dampen the feeling of accomplishment with thoughts of William until I returned home that night. 
I came into my hotel suite, laid my laptop on the dining room table, slid off my expensive suit coat, and hung it on the chair. I loosened my tie and began unbuttoning my shirt. Then I sat down and started the soulmate software. Yeah, I thought it was a funny name when I first heard it too. 
From years of doing it, I rushed through the long four-page list of questions and parameters the software required, letting the program auto-populate things like galactic position, GPS coordinates, phases of the moon, location of planets, and celestial time grids. I hit the search button and tapped my fingertips together as I watched the little search circle spinning on the screen. Even us Soulmate coordinators have that thing. Don’t you hate that little bastard? It always looks the same whether it’s actually working or not. Then nothing but a spinning circle again. William’s luck was trash, like an ant trying to cross a crowded New York sidewalk so, I wasn’t expecting much.
I waited for a long moment. Okay, about here is when I start wondering if the little circle is working or just spinning ‘cause it likes to. I sighed a couple times, looked around the room, when finally, a name appeared, and the circle disappeared telling me the search was done. Amanda, per usual, was ranked number one in compatibility score. I sighed. Been there done that. How about telling me something I don’t already know. Why did this stupid program keep matching a ten and a half like Amanda with a zero point five like William? Was it too dumb to know they’d already broken up? I highlighted her name and was about to poke the delete key when I heard a voice from the bedroom. 
“What, are you gonna work now?” Amanda asked, appearing with her arms folded wearing nothing but stockings, panties, and a bra.
In case I didn’t mention, sometimes I feel I could actually love someone. I spent my days watching it happen. I’d seen the up and downs of it, and I’d like to give it a try. Who knows maybe there was even someone out there for me. Maybe this was her…Nah. But her presence brought Isaiah’s visit back. All the good work I had done for the day came to a screeching holt with the image of a tiny Isaiah standing on my shoulder shaking his head at what I was doing. Was I the angel killin’ it at my job or was I the angel just killin’ everything in general, especially William. I knew I was good at my job and that I had created multiple fusions in my career, but then there was the giant twisted pile of everything else that tempted and diverted me. Damn this Earth.  “I’ve got this really tough case,” I said shaking my head apologetically.
“Well, I took off work early and have a shoot in two hours.” Amanda reflected for a moment. “I hope this photographer has heat in his studio. Last guy’s place nearly frosted my fingers off. I get cold so easy.” Then she turned to look me in the eye.”Sooooo, you’re just gonna have to decide between your tough tough case and these,” she said undoing her bra and letting it drop.
The conflict of my duty and my temptations felt like two sumo wrestlers colliding in my head, one gigantic belly bounce after another.  I had done such good work all day, surely, I deserved a reward. Isaiah had warned me about playing house with William’s number one, but they had broken up. Amanda had left him, so what was the problem? Somehow, I already knew the answer to that and was certain Isaiah would agree with me. But had he seen her, been with her, touched her?  I tried to justify that if so, even a stone hearted bore like him would melt like I had. Whether she was Helen, or Anne, or Alexandra, she was still this amazing shooting star that I never tired of. Looking at her now made my decision, I lowered the lid of my laptop, glancing only briefly at the Star Wars Jedi sticker I had on the cover for inspiration. What would a real Jedi do in a case like this, I wondered for a microsecond, before my light saber went to full power. I finished unbuttoning my shirt as I shuffled toward the bedroom, kicking off my shoes en route. 		
“I knew you’d listen to reason,” she said rubbing her breasts softly across my chest. 
What? You think you could bake chocolate chips cookies for everyone every day for years without eating one every now and again? Or eat some uncooked dough that no one would ever miss? Come on, I find people soulmates. I’m not a Seraphim; at least not yet. The day I find someone for William, then I’ll be a Seraphim.

***
CHAPTER 8 – Defeat and Imagination

Circa June 2019 New York, NY USA
I was her and she was me


WILLIAM
I hesitated before slipping through the door into the coffee shop. My gut told me I shouldn’t have come at all. My intuition said meeting Tori was a bad idea, but the Amanda-sized hole in my chest told me to go on. I’d arrived a few minutes early at the little bistro Tori had picked and slipped into a booth where I could watch the door. Instead of Tori, I was faced with a big blob of muscle, tattoos, and blonde hair staring down at me. 
“You William?” it said gruffly. 
 “Yeah,” I said warily.
“Tori’s my girl and she’s gonna be the mother of our kid someday. If you know what’s good for you, you’ll leave her alone. Understand?”
All my frustration over losing Amanda and now being pushed away from even Tori made me suddenly feel an uncharacteristic macho competitive surge that told me this guy ain’t pushing me around. I’m not taking any more of this crap.  “Funniest thing, I was just at her apartment and you weren’t there. Plus, I don’t see your ring on her finger.”
“Maybe then you’d like ta see my fist up your nose!” he said extending his arm covered with barbed wire and mother tattoos. 
 I’d been in situations like this before with humans so I figured that experience would apply. So, I slowly rose, stood with the table between us, and quartered into a fighting stance. 
	He grunted something then extended his hand with one finger. “I see you around her one time and you’re dead.”
“Wow, I didn’t think you could count that high. Those extra classes must be helping.”
He took an angry step toward me just as Tori appeared and took hold of his shoulder. “Come on Manny, people are watching. You promised you wouldn’t fight…He got the point.”
Manny pointed at me again. “You got the point? Da ya?”
              Seeing Tori obviously intimate with a brainless lump like this convinced me she was not worth fighting for and the fight quickly drained out of me. I waved my hand in one quick motion. “Got it. Loud and clear,” I said backing away a little.
He pointed at me again. “One-time asshole, one-time!”
Then I watched them leave with relief. Tori let Manny walk out the door then turned to me and mouthed the word, Sorry. Her face seemed sincere yet frightened.
Well, bite my butt and call me an apple, was I not the ladies’ man of all time? Who else could get dropped by a great woman and then quickly drop so low as to be discarded by a woman who dated a lump of meat? They say the partners you have reflect your self-esteem, so mine must truly suck to drop from Amanda to Tori; filet to bologna. After they left, I stood for a moment in disbelief, before plopping back down in my seat as the waitress stepped to the table after watching the encounter.
“You two aren’t gonna break this place up?” she asked seeming disappointed as she watched Manny walking outside. Then she turned her eyes to me.
“No, not hardly. Those two aren’t worth it… None of us are worth it.”
The waitress smiled and sat down across from me in the booth creating a bubble of intimacy. “Maybe some of us are.” Her eyes were bright, and I was the center of her attention. It was an obvious clue most men would respond to, but I wasn’t most men.
I imagine it wasn’t what she intended, but an image of Amanda’s glowing eyes and hard to earn smile materialized in my head and took root. “Maybe you’re right,” I told her as I got up to leave. I couldn’t give up on Amanda, not yet.

***
	The door to my apartment creaked open but when it closed it sounded more like the clang of an iron prison door.  Amanda had me locked in here, doing time. I thought about the waitress at the coffee shop. Hey, she found me attractive, but I shut her out like a cold wind.  All the women Jack tried to throw at me, and I still slammed the door. So here I was alone, again.  What was wrong with me? Don’t answer that.
	Don’t answer ‘cause I don’t want to hear it, smarty pants. Because the correct answer is, nothing. There is nothing wrong with being alone.  I’m not an idiot if I pass up meaningless sex. Cause if that’s all it’s about, I don’t want it. I suddenly breathed deeply and smiled.  I’m Ok. It’s alright to be a man desiring something more. You’re fine to be a man in love. Striving may be a little painful, risky, and lonely at times, but settling and treading water in unsatisfying middle symptoms is far worse. Hell, if I fall, I fall, but I crash knowing I went for it in life. And by “it” I mean Amanda.
	I took off my shirt, grabbed a beer, and felt powerful. Hey, if I had to do my time, I would do it like a boss.

***	

The monthly sales meeting was the following day up on the 20th floor in an isolated meeting room that opened out to a balcony overlooking Manhattan. I wanted all my numbers before I went up there. It was always best to have your ducks in a row and all quacking when you stood before “Ol’ Iron Shorts”, as we called the CEO. But my South Eastern Branches were having some shipping/inventory hiccups, and I wanted the latest update on the situation as I knew it’d come up. As my branches contributed over one hundred million to the company’s sales, I knew we were close to making our corporate numbers for the quarter and I didn’t want to be the one who prevented Ol’ Iron Shorts from reporting his 20th consecutive quarterly increase.
By the time I finished my update call to the Charlotte Branch, I feared I would be late. I stuffed my bag with folders and laptop, corralled my suit jacket and burst out of the office. “Up to 20,” I called to my number two, Sasheer, as I passed.
“Good Luck. Everything Ok in Charlotte?”
I gave her a quick thumbs up in passing then whirl-winded into the elevator. I reached the meeting room just as they were closing the doors, so I slithered in just in time. Heading toward the only empty seat, I realized too late that it was next to Amanda, holy awkward. Half of me was exciting thinking, well hello there, while the other half was realistic and ready for the abuse of yet another dose of rejection. Sometimes I was slow on the up take of being rejected but always I was long on the denial of accepting it. So, this time I was both. There she was. I felt the same warmth and appreciation for her but had to accept that I was looking through a window and not a mirror and none of that feeling was bouncing back from her. She was intensely conversing with a person on her left, even having the nerve to smile and laugh. So, it took her a minute to notice me unloading my notes on her right. 
“Oh, Hi, William. Are things at the Charlotte branch Ok? Hope you’re ready to get grilled by Ol’ Iron shorts.”
“Well, you don’t have to sound so excited about my upcoming beating.” 
“I’m not. He’s an equal opportunity abuser. Everyone gets a turn. You know his search for someone to blame is always successful.”
I studied her arm’s-length-social-face for a second before answering. “Abuse…It’s what we’re here for.” I wasn’t worried about the boss. The real abuse was sitting next to her and feeling so far away.” How are things with you upstairs?” Translated that was, “Hi, see I’m still very concerned about you…Do you wanna get back together?”
She tapped a stack of papers in front of her on the table. “Booming! I can’t tell you how much is going on. Just wait till you hear.” She gave me one of her ol’ contented yet excited smiles, and memories of that focused driven face hit me right between the eyes. It was her at her best, just as I remembered, except that smile used to be about me. That hair, those eyes, those smiling lips… Delusion and Denial are lovely things and a warm delirious cloud of them suddenly billowed around me.
In my head I imagined taking hold of her right then in a long kiss as we rose and kicked away our chairs. We began making out and struggling to get the best of one another like wild animals before I ripped down her skirt and bent her over the conference table while we both gasped and moaned. I took hold of her hair and she cheered me on with dirty talk like she used to. Get me William, get me. After we both screamed in a simultaneous orgasm, the whole room clapped in appreciation. Even Iron Shorts said, Well, done. Or so I imagined. You know… something like that. How’s that for Denial, capital D.
“William? William, where’d you go?”
“Sorry, I was just thinking about… the mergers you’re working on. Sounds very exciting.”
	She stared at me for a second then looked down at the tabletop with a puzzled look, before she turned back to me with a knowing smile and slightly shook her head. Christ, had she figured out my brief mental vacation? Could she be that good? Yeah, she was. I sat there for a second feeling like I was caught with my zipper down.
	Ol’ Iron Shorts saved me with his usual dramatic entrance, “Good Morning. How is everyone?” He sat down and rubbed his hands together. “Ok, who’s got good news for me and who am I throwing out the window today?”

***
	
Friends were another way I kept the invading symphony of Amanda out of my head and the always politically incorrect Jack was normally a good diversion. In typical Jack-style, he had invited me to a club after work, giving me some explanation about a quasi-urgent conversation we needed to have regarding who knew what. In a club rapidly filling with a post work crowd and loud bass music, I finally found Jack sitting at a high-top table drinking a beer.
“It’s about time you showed up. For a half hour I’ve been nursing this beer and the bouncer just came over and told me to button my shirt back up…nursing, get it?”
“I get it. Foamy chapped nipples are the worst,” I said as I sat down feeling reluctant and dubious about the course of the night. “So, how many beers have you had?”
“Three.”  Jack pretended to look guilty. “I couldn’t help it. With all these people around I fell into “Beer Pressure… Get it?”
I nodded. “Got it.”
We sat at a big high-top table with stools, sipped beers, while the topic turned to women, as it usually did with him. He could never accept that I wasn’t a wild skirt chaser and was committed to reforming me. Over and over, he plotted to fix me up, and felt frustrated that they never clicked. Tonight, instead of him being a good diversion, he ran me smack dab into an Amanda conversation.
“William, William, William,” he said shaking his head. Then he looked at me for a long second before throwing down his arm in disgust. “Will, Will, Will, Amanda? How did you let that get away?” I shrugged. Then he smiled and looked up at me. “You got her number?” Then he slapped me on the shoulder. “Just kidding…She lives over off Houston, right?” He slapped my shoulder again. “Lighten up, there are plenty more chicks in the sea.”
“I think that’s fish, chicks in the sea would be a bad thing.”
“Whatever.” He shook his head again. “Amanda, friggin Amanda.”
I sipped my beer. “I still feel it, like this hole right here,” I said rubbing my chest. “It never goes away. It’s like part of me is missing, you know?”
“Yeah right, pussy. How could you let a piece like that leave the room or even get her clothes back on? She would have saved a lot of wardrobe money if she dated me, I assure you.”
I spun my beer bottle. “You always know just what to say to make me feel better,” I said despondently, then smiled and smacked him back. “Asshole.”
Jack slapped my shoulder again. “Good one! See you’re learning. Don’t worry, Jacky Boy will find you another winner. I’m a pro at this. Did I tell you when I worked in drywall during college, I couldn’t use the stud finder because it kept pointing back at me!” I shook my head and looked away in disbelief. “Hey, didn’t I hook you up with that Hooter’s girl?”
“Jack, I appreciate your concern, but these women you try to hook me up with just aren’t for me. They might be great for you, but not me. They’re not Amanda.   Besides, that woman wasn’t even a Hooter’s girl. She washed dishes there!”
“Close enough. Some of that hotness might rub off. It could happen. Listen Will, my man, you are only as old as the women you feel.”
“When I met Ms. Hooters for coffee…man, I could see right through her.”
Jack paused and showed his disgust. “Will, any man who says he can see right through a woman is missing a whole lot of other hot stuff that covers that shit up. Amanda, Amanda, Amanda, can’t you even think about anyone else? What about that astrology chick we met over at Skelly’s? Talk about bedroom eyes.”
I shook my head. “More like fire escape eyes. We were just incompatible signs. I’m a Scorpio and she was a whore.”
“Whore? Why is it that if a woman has sex with ten guys, she’s a whore but if a guy does that…”
“He’s gay, very gay.”
“Wienie…What about Ashley? I know she likes you. Maybe she’s no genius but you could take a two-week vacation in those gazongas.”
“But what do you do after the two weeks? Jack, I did you a favor and we had a drink one night.  I asked her if she wanted to go on the roof and catch a sunset. She told me, ‘Let’s go. You think the roof might be upstairs? ‘
“What about those nips? You have to wear eye protection around her!”
“Well, without nipples women’s breasts are pointless.”
“Hey, that’s a good one. I’ll have to remember that.”
“Sorry Jack. I’m just not like you.  I don’t have a lot of relationships, but when I do, they’re serious. That’s the curse of having a Venus in Scorpio.”
“What’s a penis in Scorpio? Sounds painful.”
“Jack, let’s just say I don’t need your help. I want to see this through with Amanda.”
 “Great attitude. You’ll go far with your small thinking. You should write a book, “Small Thinking for Those Who Never Wanna Get Laid,” He said glancing across the club, before turning back to me and pointing. “I’ll find you someone without all the Amanda hole-in-my-chest pussy-ass bull shit.”
I shook my head in remorse, “Hey man, think she will ever forgive me?”
“I don’t know. Sometimes the first step to forgiveness is realizing the other person is a born idiot for leaving. Besides, you can’t ruin your life over one woman. You’ve got to live every day like it’s your last, cause one day you’ll be right. Take my advice…I’m not using it.”
I shook my head, feeling the weight of my Amanda frustrations and the added stones of not being a love-um-and-leave-um kind of guy like Jack.  The two realizations left me nowhere to stand. “Maybe, you’re right. 
Jack shook his head too. “William, you have the luck of a leaf in a hurricane. Hey, I give you an A for trying though.  You had a great one there with Amanda. When’s the last time you found a chick so fast?”
“Sixth grade, during a game of hide and seek.”
 Jack looked over at the entrance to the club and smiled. “Trust me my boy, your luck is about to change thanks to the Jack-meister.”
“Oh crap, not again!” It dawned on me that I had walked right into another one of Jack’s fixups.
“Will, old pal, hang on to your package because heaven is just about to walk your way. Don’t worry love will find a lay.”
Jack’s gaze locked on a buxom longhaired Latina who was slithering her way toward us with a welcoming smile. She stopped in front of Jack and kissed both his cheeks European style.
Jack acted overwhelmed. “Man, the lighting in your office must be terrible, cause you look even more amazing that I remember. Do you model in your spare time? You do, don’t you?” 
She smiled and put her jacket on the back of one of the stools. “Flattery won’t get you everywhere- but it’s a fuckin’ great start!”
	Jack gestured to me without taking his eyes off her. “William this is Isabel. I met her over at HP Polymers. Apparently, she runs the place or something. She’s my future wife.”
	“But I’ll get everything in the divorce,” she added.
	“Hey, behind every great man is a great woman,” Jack joked.
	“Damn straight…Good to meet you, William.” Isabel said, moving aside to reveal a petite woman with long dark hair standing in her shadow. “This is Teresa, a friend of mine from the office.” She pointed an accusing finger at me. “You’d better take good care of my girl. She needs a good time.”  
	Teresa had a blank face and a mouth that could not be any straighter if you ironed it. She nodded to me then took a seat on the stool next to me with her eyes focused on the center of the table as if God himself was materializing there.
	“Teresa runs our accounting department, or something like that,” Isabel began. “Anyway, she does some mumbo jumbo with numbers.”
	I smiled at Teresa trying to perk her up and soothe her at the same time. “Numbers?” I said pointing at myself and acting excited. “We have numbers at my office too! What a coincidence! Seven is my favorite.” I was trying to lighten the mood, but Teresa was having none of it. I thought for a second before leaning in. “Teresa, I’m really glad you showed up. Maybe you can settle a debate Jack and I have been having all night.” Her eyes lifted from the table but only a little. She gave a barely perceptible nod of agreement. “Ok, it’s an important question so take your time…If someone shoots a mime, do you think they need a silencer?” 
Not that funny a joke but it had great shock value that knocked her out of her block of ice. Teresa gave out a stifled laugh before the most amazing smile transformed her face. She went from a stone to the sweetest most joyful smile I had ever seen. It was like someone had brought a Times Square billboard into the room and broadcast its heavenly white light. Her eyes glowed like two brilliant brown LEDs. Then in a second it was gone, and the center of the table resumed its fascination for her. But I was hooked. I began plotting what to say or do that would make that smile reappear and stay this time.
	Just then, there was a sudden explosion of music in a heavy beat that made Jack stand up and began to gyrate. “Hey Isabel, didn’t you say you were a great dancer?”
	“I told you my Salsa would dance your ass off!” Isabel said gleefully before starting to make some moves of her own. She reached out her hand for Jack.
	“Hey lady, keep my hands to yourself! Let’s do it!” Jack cried taking her hand as they shuffled toward the dance floor. “Shake that thing!”
A rare waitress passed by, so I got her attention to order. “I’ll have another,” I said showing her my bottle of beer. “And she’ll have…” I said looking at Teresa.
	“Just a Coke please,” Teresa said in a low tone.
	The waitress asked, “Is Pepsi, Ok?”
	My off the wall sense of humor was inspired by the comment and asked, “Why are you so concerned about Pepsi? Is it sick? And how would she know how it’s doing?” I quickly glanced hopefully at Teresa and then the Waitress…nothing. Maybe I should wait a little longer before that open mic night.
	The waitress gave me a blank humorless stare then quickly disappeared into the crowd. I turned back to Teresa. Despite the booming chaos in the club, all that came from her was the heaviest silence I had ever felt. It dropped like a ponderous curtain weighing me down. I opened my mouth hoping to come up with something to say to make that smile come back when she took a deep breath and raised her eyes to the dance floor.
	“I am not like Isabel. I don’t like all these…things,” she said gesturing at the club around us. “I am here for Isabel. That’s it. I am sorry if I disappoint you.”
	I had to make a quick decision. Teresa was surely a clam that wanted to stay a clam, and the effort to change that would be intense. Normally, I would just let the evening play out and go on with my life, but that amazing smile stuck in my head as both a goal and a challenge. Heaven knows I love a challenge. 
	“Teresa, you know, Jack didn’t even tell me you were coming. In fact, I thought I was coming here just to meet with him. I’m guessing Isabel kinda did the same to you.” She nodded stiffly. “So, you have no obligation to me. If you want to go, I totally understand.”
	“And you can go too.”
	“Yes. So, we have the choice to do that or to restart this. I’d like to start all over. After all we have that “numbers” thing in common and -– everything.”
	Teresa’s mouth curled a little and her eyes drifted up from the table, “Seven is my favorite number too.”
	I reached out my hand. “Hi, I’m William. Wonderful to meet you.”
“Teresa,” she responded offering me a frail petite hand.
“Let me see, what can I tell you about myself? Oh, I intend to live forever, so far so good. I don’t worry about getting older, but what scares me to death is when you stop getting older. I believe the early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse is the one that gets the cheese.” Teresa’s marvelous smile didn’t explode, it threatened to but at least it stayed at a heavy idle, enough that I could tell it was there and alive. “How about you? I’ll bet you have a million stories about Isabel. She seems like quite a character. How long have you known her?”
Our drinks arrived and Teresa took a long sip before sighing heavily and settling back on the stool. She thought for a moment and sighed again, before her memories made her smile, a little, but not the blockbuster I wanted. “Let me see. I met Isabel the year after she lost her virginity, so we had to be…five,” she said with a granite face.
I swallowed hard in surprise, then noticed a curl to her mouth and realized Teresa had made an Isabel joke, a good one. Maybe she was warming up. My face went from concern to a quick smile and laugh.
Then Teresa turned to me. “No, I’m just kidding. She lost her virginity at twelve. Isabel has always been a little advanced sexually. Her boobs arrived early, and I guess she just figured she should do something with them.” Then she looked down at her chest. “And mine still haven’t shown up.”
“What are you talking about? You look terrific…Isabel is quite a character. She’s sort of like a female Jack. They’re perfect for one another.”
Teresa took another long sip and nodded. “Mm, yes. I have seen his type before. You put cojones on Isabel, and you have Jack.”
“You two are so different, but you are such good friends.”
Teresa nodded. “Isabel has helped me through a lot of things. She got me my job. She’s always there. And how about you? You and Jack are so different too yet you’re friends.” 
I nodded, “Yeah, I think Jack was born without virginity, or a filter. I guess you’re right. We’re totally different but somehow, we work. Just like you and Isabel.” There was a long pause while I just watched Teresa sip her drink and gaze into the crowd on the dance floor. The blanket of silence began to creep in again. I didn’t want to lose the conversation or any chance to see that smile again. “So, how about you? You have a serious relationship, fiancé, dedicated stalker?”
The smile began to grow then aborted. Teresa looked away for a long moment and then turned back with a somber look on her face. She looked deeply at me. Her eyes told me ominous stories, then she spoke. “No, stalker. For me there has only been Santos.”
Her eyes told me the answer wouldn’t be good, but I had to ask. “Where’s he? You should be with him.”
She raised her face, and her mouth began to tremble while the corners of her eyes began to glisten, “We were engaged. It was just another Saturday night. We’d just made the finest love two people can have together. I was really starving so I sent Santos out for Chinese food.” Then she turned toward me dramatic and upset. “It was just around the corner,” she added emphatically. Tears began to flow. “Gangs, there was a drive-by and Santos was caught in it. We didn’t even live in a bad area!” She lowered her head and was noticeably shaken. “He never made it to the hospital.” She wiped her cheeks. “It was hours before I even knew what happened. I feel so guilty now, I was so mad at him cause I was hungry and he was taking so long.” I put my hand over her’s on the table. “It’s like there is a hole here, “she said putting her hand over her chest. “A hole that I can never fill. It will always be there, Mi Corazon.”
Her comment reminded me of the cavern losing Amanda had gouged into me, and the feeling that it was always there. “Teresa, I know this isn’t the same as your grief, but I know what you mean. I lost a woman that I thought was my…” I paused debating how silly it would sound. “Soulmate.”
” Yes, that’s it exactly, Soulmate! Santos was mine!”
“I lost her recently, and I feel…empty right here,” I said gesturing just as she had done.
“Then you can understand?” she said seeming less somber. “That’s why I am this way. I don’t mean to be such bad company, but just being here with you makes me think of how much I miss him.” Then she lowered and shook her head. “And I just don’t want to forget him. “She shook her head again and paused. “I’m not ready for anything but grief.”
In that brief moment of silence as I searched for comforting words for her, Jack suddenly hurried over to the table frantically waving his hands. “Will! Will! Look what she did to me!” he said reaching me then turning to show me his back side. “Isabel danced my ass off!”
I took a second to appraise his condition then shook my head. “I think that just looks a little swollen.”
Jack leaned in toward me. “Believe me, it’s the front that’s swelled!”
Just then Isabel strode up to the table with some long dancing strides, then did a spin next to Jack before grabbing his hand. “Come on, I’m not through with you yet,” she said leading him toward the dance floor.
Jack looked back at me in fake concern. “If I’m not back in a half hour…don’t come looking for me!” he said ending with a big smile.
Teresa was quiet for a long moment then shook her head. “See what I am saying? Those two are just the same.”
I looked away and shook my head reflecting, before turning back to her.” Do you know what Jack told me when I talked about the hole in my heart? He called me a…”
“Pussy,” we both said together before laughing. Then there it was, that explosive smile that lit up the room. Watching her glowing smile was like great sex, and I enjoyed every second like I had just made her come in an earth-shaking orgasm.
“Isabel told me I was such a pussy and I should just stand up my pussy self, have some fun tonight, and go on with my life,” Teresa said with highly animated gestures and a tone impersonating Isabel.
“Well, being a pussy can be a good thing, if you’re a woman. But for a man…not so good any way you look at it.”
Teresa laughed and she maintained her glowing smile, “Stop being a pussy, you pussy!” 
“No, you’re the pussy!”
She pointed at herself, and then me. “We are both pussies. If feeling love makes you a pussy then I am glad to be one!” I nodded vigorously and her explosive smile reappeared. She was suddenly energized. “Well, if we’re being honest, I hate seven!” she exclaimed gesturing broadly as if honesty had liberated her.
“I hate numbers!”
“Just try working with those little suckers all day long. It drives you crazy.” Teresa now seemed open and free. A sense of humor appeared accompanying her immense smile. “Another thing that has always bothered me, tell me how the hell you ever get off a non-stop flight? And where the hell does your luggage go?”  
“Well, I sleep in a twin sized bed and wonder where’s my brother?”
“I get it. No twin! How do you throw away a yo-yo? Just tell me that!”
“You can’t! They just keep coming back!” I laughed and took in the sight of her magnificent smile, beaming eyes, and lively joy. It was an amazing thing to be part of.
 Her smiled slowly drained down, but still curled on her face. “You seem like a good man, a kind man like Santos.”
“I take that as a great compliment.”
“You should,” she said pointing at my head and smiling. “Give me your phone.”
“What?”
“Give me your phone, you pussy!”
I laughed. With Teresa, it was an ironic term of endearment that bonded us together more than criticized me. She was saying we both were emotionally sensitive being that we’d lost a love. I handed the phone to her while she removed hers from her bag. She laid them on the table and typed my number into hers and her number in mine. “There,” she said returning my phone.
“What?”
“Now we are connected. One day when I’m not like this anymore, I may call you. This way you’ll know its Teresa.” Then she ran her hand over her chest. “But it may take some time for this to heal over.”
I looked her in the eyes. Our conversation told me that I was her and she was me. Our hearts were hallowed, but our hope eternal. Both of us had lost someone very dear. Getting beyond it was difficult because we were forever changed. “If you call, I’ll answer.”
She smiled again, that beaming glorious smile. “You fuckin’ better,” she added showing a little of Isabel.
I felt glad to be connected to Teresa. I could feel an immediate warmth growing, but in the back of my head a rebellion emerged. We were the same, but I didn’t want to be. A memory of Amanda smiling in a doorway appeared, followed by the warm pressure of her kiss, and her soft palm grazing my cheek. I looked at Teresa gazing out into the crowd and knew she was not here but still with Santos, and I still lived with the spirit of Amanda surrounding and embracing me every second. Had Amanda turned me into a Teresa stuck and unable to move? There was no escaping Amanda. Something about her had me on an infinitely long rope that never let go no matter how far we strayed. Was it denial or love that made me determined to pull in the rope? Heaven knew I was addicted to denial.
A few minutes later Jack staggered to the table with his shirt half un-tucked and his hair wild. A few slow steps behind came Isabel straightening her dress and waving her hands through her tangled long hair. Jack plopped into his chair seeming out of breath. “Whewww.”
I looked at them, looked at Teresa who gave me a knowing smile, then turned to Jack. “So that Jackaroo “7 come 11” shit can really knock you out, huh?”
“These by far are the nicest bathrooms I’ve ever done it in,” Jack said panting and definitively pointing at the floor, then he turned to Isabel. “Wouldn’t you agree?”
Isabel huffed. “I would have to agree…clean, the locks work, the handicapped stalls are so spacious,” she said waving her hands as she spoke. Then she looked at Jack and gave him a seductive gaze while breathing heavily. The smile on her face slowly grew as did the size and intensity of her eyes.
Jack kept his gaze on her then stood up. “You know, I think I forgot something in there,” he said reaching for Isabel’s hand.
“I’m sure I can find it for you. I know just where to look,” she said taking his hand as they disappeared back into the crowd.
Teresa and I watched them leave. “Isn’t true lust a beautiful thing?” I asked.
She nodded, “Lust at first sight. Of course I have never seen Isabel like this before, “ she said circling her hand as if thinking. “…Since maybe yesterday,” Teresa joked adding her amazing world-famous smile.
Then a texted beeped into my phone. I looked to see the glowing letters say, “Don’t forget me. You are a rare man, strong enough to be a pussy like me.”
I turned to Teresa and saw that blistering smile that Santos must have dearly loved.

***



ARCHIE
	I sat two tables away rocking some slicked jet-black hair, a vintage rock tee, and a stack of bling around my neck. Naturally I had to beat away all the women who kept trying to sit with me. I’d heard every word from William’s table. Thank God Jack wasn’t my client. I hated Jack. He was like a spoon always stirring William up and getting him off course. It took me a minute to figure out if warding off Teresa was wasting my time, especially if William was already wasting his. When Teresa walked in and stared at the table, I just about left with confidence to enjoy my roof top table, a great meal, and find some entertaining company. But then, William, the slimy bastard, gets her to open up and reveal a simmering hearted woman, his favorite flavor, son of a ….
	In my paranoia I could see her being a diversion for a bleeding heart like William. I told you before, he was attracted to underdogs and lost causes like a mother to a crying baby. So, I took out my phone, started the Soulmate app, and checked her out. I held up my phone to outline her and the program filled in who, when, and where. Her romantic history almost bored me to tears, Santos, Santos, Santos, then no Santos three months ago. Her current status on the software was “hold” meaning she didn’t even have a guardian working with her. My first thought was to apply to be hers. Maybe that way I could get ahead of anything from her diverting William, again. Or maybe she was the answer. Put the pussies together and get William off the board. It was a tough call. Still, I felt for Teresa’s story, so she deserved the best as a guardian. And by best, I mean me. Then I noticed Santos had been her one. Ah, Oh. I had better look into her previous lives for signs of losing one’s over and over. Maybe she was another William, and you know I need another one of those like I need another asshole.
	Luckily, before I had to delve in too deeply, she pecked his cheek and left. I couldn’t help but feel relieved. After all, if I hurried, I could still catch the sunset over the skyline from my rooftop table with a grateful chocolate chip cookie by my side. So, I hurried.

***
CHAPTER 9 – DC

Circa June 2019 Washington, DC USA
An unpredictable bucking horse or a wonderful trail pony



AMANDA
Washington wasn’t my kind of place. As I was transported around the city, everything seemed dingy. Even the white monuments looked drab. Far from the gleaming white vision of the nation’s capital you got in the movies or as impressive as the capital of the greatest nation on the earth should be. Traffic was a nightmare. The only reason I could come up with for people even wanting to be here was that this is where power was happening. 
I had spent the day sitting and waiting, then waiting so I could wait some more. Finally, I was ushered into the crowded committee room and sat at a heavy wooden table before a podium of Senators that were holding a hearing on Chinese trade practices and technology transfer in the plastics industry. Ol’ Iron Shorts had selected me and my team to represent the company as I was on the forefront of negotiations with the Chinese on our investment and expansion there.
	I made my presentation then was peppered for an hour with questions. Some of them were actually poignant, most of them seemed political, and many entirely missed the point. Then it was over without my getting any sense of whether they had gotten my point, were reading their emails, or planning lunch.
	Now, standing in my robe on the balcony of my hotel room watching the lights of the city glisten, I couldn’t help but battle a melancholy, the source of which I couldn’t understand. I was here. A multi-billion-dollar company had put me here to represent them. My career had surged. My network was throwing opportunities at me faster than I could use them. The acquisitions I had made for the company flowered like springtime. Everyone wanted a piece of me, for now anyway. So why was I feeling so hollow? 
I had started as a child living in a tiny Michigan town. My large family bulged out of a runt of a house. I still remember being excited the day we added a closet-sized addition onto the back of the house so we could have a kitchen, a tiny one, but still a taste of real luxury for us. Now I was here, a world away from my past. I should be proud and happy at what I had accomplished, but I wasn’t. An over stimulated childhood had left me insecure no matter how well I did. I was driven by the lifetime goal of accomplishing something important to prove—to whom, I don’t know—that I was better than the low expectations of my childhood. No matter how high I climbed I never felt accepted and always anxious that someone would expose that I was just fooling everyone. It was a vicious cycle. When I was supported, I felt smothered. When I was independent, I felt alone. Good was never enough. And I beat myself up for not being even more. I hated conflict with people, but it was the way of life inside my head. This whipsaw of my internal demons ruined many of my relationships. I was told I was aloof and not romantic, but then told I was too opinionated and controlling. I was either spoiling for a fight, or too much a free spirit. I was too assertive, or I was too giving. Make up your mind, everyone! 
The only one who ever understood the insecurity of my malignant spirit was William. He knew all the ‘me’s, welcomed them when they appeared, understanding that they were all my facets. The true me was made up of many constantly moving parts. And he let me be, in all my forms and without judgement. Somehow, he rode them like an all-knowing cowboy who could stay with an unpredictable bucking horse as well as with a wonderful trail pony, turning conflict into a smooth ride. He often called me assertively opinionated, a foul sounding trait of mine that put people off or even ended relationships. Only William understood it as a wonderful side of me being true to my spirit, expressing that I knew what I knew. I just wanted things to be better, to be right. His love sometimes felt like a blanket, on the one hand keeping me warm and on the other too confining. I guess that was my problem with him, or should I say my problem with myself, never feeling I deserved to be happy.
I had a new man in my life who was a mentor, who seemed to know everyone. He had connections and wealth, as well as a strong sense that he was a guardian placing planks beneath every one of my steps. As nice as it was—had been—for a short period of time, I was rankling against it now. I didn’t want protection, I wanted taking chances, adventures. I felt a hole, something just wasn’t where it should be. Success versus love and warmth, which really mattered? Could I have both or must I settle for something in the middle symptoms?
I wanted William—in my heart of hearts I did—but I could never forget those emails.  How could I trust him again? Who were those women, and how could he be with them then deny they existed? Still, the memory of our time together was like a warm serene summer’s day, a time when I could just be me. When I was with him, I didn’t have to be anyone else. He appreciated me for even my most dark and assertive sides because he knew all of it made up me. It was like we slid together rather than bumping heads. Just the thought of it made me smile. I understood he had tried to be cool during the marketing meeting, but I knew there was something still spinning in his head whenever he was beside me. It felt like electricity in the air, our whole beings coming together just like our eyes often locked.
I sighed then noticed the lounge chair on the balcony, laid back in it, and looked up into the starry night. I thought of a lounge chair just like this and a star-filled sky just like this, a night together with William on the rooftop of his apartment building. Amongst the chimneys and air conditioning ducts, he had set up a dinner, dozens of candles, flowers, large poster sized photos of me, and the one and only lounge chair he owned. It was romantic, serene, and told me his focus was on me. That night everything flowed. We spoke of work and bantered comically non-stop. Words became banter. Banter became sensuous flirtation. Flirtation bounded into excitement.
After we ate, he sat back in the chair and I laid back against him, somehow neither of us complained about the tight fit. He sipped his wine, and we took deep relaxing breaths. There was a brief contented period of silence before I felt William undo my jeans and slip them down over my hips without any objection from me in fact with a little help. “Don’t move. It’s your turn,” he instructed. He rubbed and played between my legs for a long tantalizing time until my serenity disappeared to be replaced by heavy breaths of excitement. In my head I was already imagining how things should go next. I was waiting for him to follow the plan in my head when he suddenly stopped and took a sip of his wine. I waited a moment in surprise before I became impatient. “Why’d you stop? What are you trying to torture me?”
“Just the opposite.” He shook his head then bent back my neck with a passionate kiss as he began rubbing me again. I began huffing and moaning into his mouth. But when, in pre-release, my back arched and my breathing became heavy, he stopped short again. I took several deep breaths with excitement boarding on anger. “Willy what’s going on? Come on,” I implored, feeling suddenly vulnerable. 
He shook his head again, “Not yet. Tonight, is all about you. I’m going to pleasure you until you beg for it.”
“I’m begging. I’m begging!” I joked.
“No, you’re not…yet.” He went after me again while I fully gave into the feeling. I began moaning and writhing my hips beneath his fingers as I surrendered to a coming orgasm. But he stopped again turning my moans into ones of frustration until I felt the escape of a ruined orgasm that was muted but still full of pleasure. After a minute he came after me again, this time more aggressively. I quivered for an instant, fighting through a feeling of extreme sensitivity the mini orgasm had caused, and quickly found myself again enchanted by his touch. “Yes, oh, yes.”
And so, it went on for over an hour of his building me up and pausing. He varied the speed and pressure of his touch, and finally, I understood his plan and it became mine. I developed faith in how we flowed and stopped trying to control everything. I began giving him hints at my level of excitement so he would know when to slow down. I calmed and started to long for the tantric stimulation game as much as I enjoyed feeling how he craved me more and more with each exciting round. I could feel his desire filling the air around me like a cloud full of electricity.  Along the way I floated on clouds of several mini ruined orgasms before he would return to his obsession with pleasuring me. They came in short pulses of pleasure that, rather than quench my sexual thirst, made me crave it all the more. 
But eventually I couldn’t take it anymore. My excitement had become a frenzy. “Don’t you dare, don’t you dare stop!” But just as a tidal wave began to roll over me, he stopped again. “Ahhh!” I yelled as I clamped my gyrating thighs shut in another mini release. “You torturer!” That only made him smile more. 
William slid out from under me and got up to leave me writhing on the chair, frustrated but tantalized to see what he was planning next and all the more aroused by the anticipation. He stood and watched me tormented yet excited and longing for his touch. He came at me aggressively and quickly sent me back up to the top of a tidal wave racing toward the shore. I knew this was it and spread my legs in surrender. But again, he slowed and finally halted, dropping the wave down in size to one I surfed contently into another ruined orgasm. I huffed several frustrated breaths while I waited for his next move.  He bent down and gave me a kiss that started softly before turning ravenous. He began to tease between my legs. Right then I knew I had enough.  I wrapped my arms around him. Through a break in our prolonged kiss I pleaded, “Get me, Willy. Get me please.”
At that moment, that was all he needed to see and hear. Quickly, his hands spread my thighs and his head slid between them. Within a few minutes I was on an irreversible course, and his frantic pace made it very clear there would be no stopping anymore. I had never felt more desired in my entire life. My scream echoed from the rooftop throughout half of New York. “Oh, Yes, yes!” I felt totally possessed yet completely freed.
Afterward he lifted up and looked into my eyes without speaking a word. As they routinely did now, our eyes locked and began moving together making us both smile with satisfaction. My eyes told him stories of love, happiness, and excitement while his told me of his appreciation and love, his desire for me, and a commitment to make me see the beauty in myself. We sat there speechless for several minutes with the feelings ballooning in our heads until they crested in a wave of emotion that exploded in my head. I’m not certain if the physical orgasm or the mental one made me feel better.
Now, I remembered that night as I sat alone on the balcony in DC before I realized just the memory was making my heart race. I found I was already excited when I slipped my fingers beneath my robe. “Oh, Willy.” I took some deep breaths then gave into the feeling that he was all around me and my fingers were his.

***

CHAPTER 10  – Ania

CIRCA April 1882 Krakow Poland
Rejection:  an immense flock of chattering crows



Just opening his eyes hurt. Once he had accomplished that, he definitely didn’t want to blink and have to do it again. Through his wide eyes, Wlodek saw that the morning had already dawned outside the small four paned windows of his second-floor room. He sat up on the rough unfinished wooden side rail of his bed and mopped his face trying to collect his thoughts. A night of wine, dancing, and sex had put up heavy blank spaces in his mind. He remembered it was Tuesday and he needed to deliver the lease papers to the Kinski estate. His boss, Jakub Libermann, had told him to be there by 8 AM, but Wlodek figured the world would not crumble if it were 9. Just as he was deciding whether to consider the possibility of thinking about perhaps maybe moving, Eva wrapped her bare legs around his belly then her arms around his neck and pulled him back into bed against her.
“You think you’re going to leave me alone in this cold bed?” she said tightening her grip. He felt her soft warm breasts against his shoulders and her rounding belly against his back.
Wlodek only remembered fragments of what they had done together the night before, but each one made him smile. “I have to work.” Then he chuckled, ”Don’t you ever get enough?”
“Never.” Eva loosened her grip, and Wlodek spun within it to face her. Her long red brown hair cascaded over the bed like a soft blanket spread around her head. Her mysterious brown eyes seemed manic. “Fine,” she said unfolding her legs, so she was straddling him. Then she took hold of his hand and brought it between her thighs. “If you’re not interested then maybe Klaus would like some of this, or maybe even Emilia. You’ve seen the way she looks at me.”
Wlodek sighed and sat up balancing the sexual excitement Eva made his body feel to his need to get to work. He struggled with the guilt of feeling no great connection to anything but Eva’s wild side. Her directionless life, instability, arguments, and drinking made him realize they would have no future together. Wlodek imagined one day earning himself a fine lady, one able to keep up with his active ambitious mind. But as Eva continued to force his hand between her legs and he could feel her growing excited, he sighed again but this time in surrender.
She laughed at his skimpy resistance, then wrapped her legs around him again and spun him onto his back. She aggressively climbed on his face and pushed herself forcefully against his mouth. “You like that don’t you, you dirty boy. Yes, I can tell your tongue likes me.” She moaned as she began rocking wildly over his face. “Good boy. That’s it. Ooh, you are so much better than Emilia.”
When he finally reached the office his boss was on him like green on a leaf. “What the hell Wlodek! Can’t you tell time? I go through all the effort to set you this meeting, give you chance to meet the Kinski’s and what do you do?” Jakub ran his hands through his long salt and pepper hair then stroked his beard. “Are you a moron? Why do I bother asking? Of Course, you’re a moron! My God, you have been like this for years and years!”
“I’ve only been here six months,” Wlodek foolishly pointed out.
“God, then it seems like years! Get your ass out there now. I hope Kinski will still see you. God damn it.” He shook his head. “Remember, you need the daughter to sign too. Some of the leases are in her name…You have to meet the daughter. Got it?” 
Wlodek nodded and Jakub waved his hand dismissively. Thanks to Eva’s stamina, it was already 10:30 by the time Wlodek arrived at the Kinski Estate. He stepped off his buggy and up the steps of the stately brick manor home with a small leather pouch under his arm containing the lease papers. He lifted the bronze knocker and tapped it against the heavy wooden mahogany door. He tapped again before a young blond woman wearing a flowing long dress, her hair pinned up, appeared in the open doorway. 
“Yes, can I help you?” she said, nothing more, but it stopped Wlodek in his tracks. He looked into her expansive brown eyes for a long moment with his mouth agape. Her eyes glistened and told him a story he wanted to hear. His recent time spent with Eva immediately disappeared into the recesses of his mind. “Sir, can I help you?” she asked, a bit uncertain.
Her question made Wlodek smile as he thought getting to know him better was something she could do for starters. “Sorry, I am here for Mr. Kinski. I have papers from Mr. Liebermann for him to sign.”
“Ah, that would be the leases on our farmland,” she said nodding then looked at Wlodek through the corner of her eye. “I thought you were supposed to be here at eight?”
 “Yes, I was but I got wrapped up into something.” Wlodek said, smiling at the unintentional pun.
“Nothing too horrible, I trust.”
“No, I eventually got on top of it.”
“Well, the problem is that my father couldn’t wait for you all day. So, I guess you’re stuck with me.”
“You know about the leases?”
She smiled at his surprise. “I have been to university and father and I share everything.” Then she dipped her head toward his ear. “Daddy always wanted a son.” She pulled away and began walking across the foyer to an office with double doors and dark wood paneling. “Why don’t we go over the papers in here.” 
Wlodek followed. “So, how impressive, you are an educated businesswoman.”
She nodded. “I’m that at least,” she said gesturing for him to sit in the dark wooden chair in front of the desk. “I’m sorry, I am Ania Kinski. And you are?”
“Wlodek from Jakub Libermann’s office.”
With that they both sat, Ania behind the desk. Wlodek just stared for a moment drinking in the aura broadcast by a stunning intelligent woman.
“The papers? Can I see the leases?” she asked holding out her hand. Wlodek put his pouch beside his chair and grabbed the four leases, then thought better of it and left one of them in his pouch, a good excuse to return and see her again. He handed her the leases then watched every movement of her face and eyes as she reviewed them. She eventually took note of his heavy gaze and looked up at him. “What do you find so interesting?” she asked.
Wlodek decided to be honest. “You.”
“Oh?”
“Yes, I’ve seen beautiful women and I’ve seen educated women, but I’ve never seen anyone like you.”
“Oh really? Some men find an educated woman threatening.”
“I find it terribly interesting,” he said leaning in toward her.
“Are you always so forward with your female clients?”
“Not at all. Like I said, I’ve never seen anyone like you before.”
Ania looked down at the desk and twisted her lips in thought then looked up at Wlodek. “Can I get you some tea? We can have it out in the garden.”
“That would be great.”
They had tea at a small table on the back porch, discussed the minutia of the leases, and talked. Then they walked the garden while Wlodek asked her about her life story, her family, her education. He soon learned how important being an only child had been to the attention and opportunities her father gave her. She spoke conservatively without much humor, so Wlodek tried to make her laugh. Eventually her reserved demeanor became too difficult a challenge, so he had to settle for making her smile. 
Afternoon arrived before they knew it. Mr. Kinski found them in the garden. “You work for Liebermann?” he called from a distance, shaking the lease papers at them. “What in God’s name are you doing out here?”
“We were just talking, father. Wlodek is quite the conversationalist,” Ania explained.
“Well then, where is the Hoffman lease?” Kinski said in a gruff tone. “They’re all here but that one,” he said waving the papers.
“I don’t know. I thought they were all there. Let me bring it by tomorrow,” Wlodek said glancing at Ania. His plan might actually work.
Kinski grumbled then handed Wlodek the signed leases. “And don’t be late again. What is Liebermann teaching you anyway?”
“Sorry, Sir. I won’t be late.”
“Then off with you. I’d like to speak with my daughter.”
Wlodek nodded. “Yes certainly,” then he turned to Ania. “Nice meeting you.”
Ania nodded. On his way out, Wlodek turned back and caught her eye, making both of them smile.
The next morning, after a fifteen-minute battle untangling himself from Eva, Wlodek managed to be on time at the Kinski house. The intrigue of seeing Ania again seemed to fortify his resistance to Eva’s charms…legs, arms, lips and other things. When he arrived, Ania opened the door for him with a smiling Hello. Wlodek couldn’t help but notice the fragrance of a little extra perfume, which had been lacking the day before.
“I’ve got it,” he said pulling out the lease and handing it to her.
“Great. This one is on the land my grandmother gave to me,” she said excitedly. 
A few seconds later her father appeared and took the lease from her. “I’d best check this one over. It wasn’t an easy negotiation. Hoffmann’s a crafty old bastard.”
“Father!” Ania remarked at his use of words.
“Well, he is. What else can I say?” Then he turned to Wlodek. “You’ve met Hoffman and his sons, haven’t you?”
“Yes, Sir. I’ve been in court with them twice already, not to mention a couple of disputes with them Liebermann has been able to resolve in our office.  I’d have to say that your analysis of those bastards is quite correct,” Wlodek stated making Mr. Kinski laugh and Ania frown.
“You too, Wlodek!” Ania questioned. “You men can be so crude.”
Her father patted Wlodek on the back. “Obviously a smart young lad.” Then they walked into the den together and her father sat behind the desk reviewing the lease with Ania reading it over his shoulder and Wlodek making himself comfortable in the chair before the desk. As she read Ania leaned over further and further and her face slowly soured.
“There do you see?” her father said, pointing to a paragraph of the lease.
“Yes!” exclaimed Ania. “Who put in that renewal clause? That isn’t what we agreed!”
“And look here,” said her father, pointing again. “Did you index the lease rate to the price of grain?”
“Bastards!” Ania exclaimed. The word, coming in her sweet voice, made both men laugh. “Well, they are!” insisted Ania defending herself.
Kinski began marking each questionable paragraph with a pencil, with Ania pointing out more paragraphs to question. Finally, Kinski looked up at Ania. “That it?” Ania nodded. Then Kinski handed the lease to Wlodek. “Well, my boy, I’m afraid you have your work cut out for you. We won’t be signing this dribble.”
Wlodek studied the lease and found only two or three major issues. “Let me take this back to the office. I don’t think it should take long to iron this out.” He got up and began to leave, then turned back to them. “If you would like to accompany me back to town, I’ll bet we could get this rewritten and signed in a few hours.”
Kinski shook his head. “No time my boy. I’m already late for a nap,” he joked. Then he turned to Ania. “Why don’t you go? Be good for you to get out.”
Ania smiled and paused for a moment in thought. “Me?”
“Yes, that would work,” encouraged Wlodek, “She can sign, right? It is her land.”
“Yes, of course she can sign. Now go, go,” said Mr. Kinski, waving them away.
Ania disappeared for a moment then reappeared wearing a coat and a determined look. “Shall we go?” she asked heading toward the front door.
Noticing Ania’s resolute face, Wlodek turned to Mr. Kinski. “God help the Hoffmans!” he whispered, gesturing at Ania.
Kinski laughed and stepped over to Wlodek and patted him on the back. “No, my boy, they deserve a good thrashing!”
Wlodek hurried out the door and helped Ania into the buggy with his horse whinnying at the thought of pulling the two of them back to town. Mr. Kinski and Ania exchanged waves as Wlodek turned across the brick courtyard, down the drive, and out into the road.
When the horse reached a melodious clip-clop of its hooves on the straight road, Wlodek glanced over at Ania hoping his expression would not betray the excitement he was feeling inside. The air between them crackled and was thick with tension like the two of them were poles in one of Tesla’s high voltage machines.
She glanced over at him, and he became lost in her shadowy brown eyes for a long moment. Her eyes spoke to him, and he listened to every word about her liveliness, her intellect, her sweetness yet strength, and of course he listened when they told him of her attraction to him.
“So, do you think we’ll have any problems with Mr. Hoffman? Do you think he’ll take me seriously?” she asked.
It took Wlodek a long moment to switch gears and put the beauty of her face aside for a moment. “Ah, no. Mr. Libermann will have his notes and if this is not what you agreed to, I can’t see them having grounds to fight.” Then he smiled and couldn’t help but add a personal comment, “Plus we have you!”
Ania gave a quizzical look. “Meaning exactly what?”
Wlodek stammered feeling caught in his words. “Meaning you can negotiate with them until you reach an agreement.” Then he tried to act calm and confident. “In my experiences there are no major issues here. You both want this lease completed as soon as possible, right?”
“I suppose,” she said sighing. “It’s just that you and the Hoffmans are businessmen. You’re out there in the world every day, making deals, handling money. I’ve just read about these things or been told about them by my father.”
Wlodek smiled finding her admitted vulnerability even more attractive. “Do you know what I told your father before we left?”
Ania smiled then gave a dubious look. “What?”
“I told him, God, help the Hoffmans.”
Ania’s face didn’t react. “You said that?”
Wlodek nodded. “That’s how much I believe in you. Besides, I’ll be there to help represent you and your dad.”
“You will?”
“If you’re thinking you’re inexperienced, forget it. You’ll be twice as smart as any man in the room, except me of course. And if you’re thinking you’re alone, forget that too. They’d have to get a team of horses to pull me away.”
“Can I trust you, Wlodek?
The question buzzed around his head like a swarm of bees. How to answer it without revealing his infatuation? He wanted to encourage her but not seem like a schoolboy with a crush. Inside he thought, I would do anything for you, but outside he said dryly, “Of course.”
Ania smiled and turned her face to the road ahead. “Good. Then we shall teach the Hoffman’s one fine lesson.”

***
As the buggy reached town and Wlodek hitched it in front of his office, Eva was on her way to work in the pub nearby. Her first reaction was to wave, but then when she saw Ania beside him, something ignited within her. Watching him take Ania’s hand and help her into the office made her burn with molten fury. Thoughts of William leaving and not caring for her escaped from her memory like an immense flock of chattering crows. 
Why was she never good enough? She took two steps toward Wlodek’s office then thought better of it and stopped. She ignored going to work at the tavern and watched the door to the office until around 2 pm, when Ania and Wlodek came out smiling gleefully. She watched Ania spin joyfully outside the doorway then give Wlodek a hug. He enjoyed it, she could tell. His hands were just too busy staying on her back for a casual embrace. He looked happier in that moment than he did in bed with her. The realization made her explode inside, rupturing levees that she had carefully crafted over time, allowing an emotional flow to overwhelm her. If she had had a gun in her hand, she would have leveled both of them without a second’s hesitation.
They walked arm in arm away before they entered a restaurant as Eva marched after them on the other side of the street. She watched them sit in the window, talking and laughing with Wlodek wearing a smile Eva could never make him show. Then her eyes blistered as she followed them leaving the restaurant, returning to the office for a moment, before reappearing with an envelope in hand, getting in the buggy, and leaving town. As they drove away, Eva listened to the incessant chattering of the crows, the thoughts of rejection swirling in her head, and felt it fuel her anger. 
“Fuck you Archie! Fuck you!” she fumed, marching toward his office, where he’d setup shop as a man named Libermann. “You couldn’t let me have him could you,” she exploded. “Not just this once! You and that skinny bitch…again!”
“Hey, drop the Archie. I’m Libermann here. Everyone knows me as Libermann.”
“Everyone knows you as a piece of shit! You bring him together with that boney assed whore? Thought we had an understanding…Guess not.”
“Eva, don’t do this again. Their soulmates. That’s our job. We’re supposed to bring fusion and life…Let it go Eva. I’m warning you.”
Eva’s attitude changed from anger to cocky aggression. “Or you’ll do what? Huh? You don’t even have boobs! Humans are only good for one thing. The weak little fuckers took the apple right from my hand on day one. All Wlodek wants is his hands all over me. Face it, Archie, they aren’t worth your effort. Fusion my ass! Those two, never. Face it, the Big Guy blew it on this one. Get ready for the fire and brimstone and a restart. Enjoy free will and the other things Earth has to offer while you still can.”
“You don’t believe that. Somewhere in there you are still a Cherub.”
“Just watch me.” She took several steps away, then turned back. “As for tomorrow, you can just forget our little Kama Sutra rendezvous at noon.”

***

When evening came and Wlodek returned to his room above the hardware store, he was surprised to see Eva waiting for him, wearing only a thin white robe. 
“I thought maybe you would be glad to see me after having such a hard day at your office. Did you have a rough day?” she said running her hands over his shoulders and handing him a glass of wine.
“Good actually,” he said. “I got some leases signed for a big client. I’m hoping to get a lot more business from them.” 
 “Then maybe my coming here was a mistake,” she said, her expression strange. 
Wlodek realized he’d hurt her feelings and stepped after her. “I’m sorry. I don’t mean to sound ungrateful, with you giving up work and all. Your sentiment and the wine are great.”
“Really?” Eva said. “You like what I did for you?”
“Of course.”
She smirked and stepped back to him. “Maybe then you wouldn’t mind doing something for me,” she said pushing off his jacket.
“Eva, I’m a bit tired.”
 “You turned me down this morning. Now you’re doing it again?” she said sharply” Is there some other woman you’re making happy or you just don’t want me anymore?”
Wlodek knew he’d hurt her again. His own feelings were confused. The day with Ania made him feel a glow inside. The angered look on Eva’s face made him feel sad. He decided an evening together might do them both some good. He unbuttoned her robe and pushed it off her shoulders then ran his hands all over her. He began kissing her neck then his hands settled between her legs and found her already ripe for him.
“I started rubbing myself the instant I heard your feet on the stairs,” she whispered in his ear. “I want to be on top and ride you till morning.”
Wlodek chuckled an approval. As he began unbuttoning his shirt, she tore off his pants and shoes. She made him firm with the work of her mouth and fingers and laughed at the results. Then her face changed from amusement to anger before she slapped his member with her hand then slapped it even harder.
Wlodek thought it all part of one of the sex games Eva liked to play with him. It hurt but he found it somehow exciting. “Ooh, you’re getting a little rough.”
Eva pushed him toward the bed until he fell down onto his back. She climbed over to straddle him, slid him inside her, and began riding him, soon turning to rapid strokes.
“What’s your hurry?” he asked reaching out for her only to have her grab his hands and pin them to the bed.
For some minutes, she continued her feverish pace until it abruptly ended in a stifled moan as she leaned forward. Then slowly she rose up and continued riding him slowly.
“That’s not like you to come so fast,” Wlodek said. “I thought you said you wanted to ride it all night.”
Eva stopped stroking him and let go of his arms. A sour look came over her face while a chattering crow softly landed on her shoulder and then another. Wlodek was surprised by her troubled face, but before he could say anything, Eva pulled back her right arm and punched him in the face. When he recovered and looked up at her in wonder, she hit him again with her right hand then began slapping him alternately with her left and right hands. It took Wlodek a few seconds to realize this was not an increased level of Eva’s usual rough play. In self-defense he took hold of her arms, rolled and threw her off the bed. He leapt off the bed and stood over her.
“What is with you tonight? Are you crazy? Don’t you start this screwed up shit again!”
She sat on the floor and began to sob angrily. “You’re meant to be with some other woman and not me. I know that, but it’s driving me crazy! It’s like a nightmare. It’s never me!” Then she began to cry. “Why can’t it ever be me?”
Wlodek was baffled. He knew his relationship with Eva was shallow and so he no idea what was going on. “Don’t talk like that,” he said in hopes of calming her.
“I saw you two,” she said still sitting on the floor. “So don’t try to lie.”
“My client is a woman, yes. But it’s business. That’s what you saw.” When she didn’t respond he stepped to her and offered. “Listen, why don’t we go to the pub? We’ll have a couple drinks and forget this whole thing.”
She glanced up at him, “What about the bruised eye I gave you?”
“Shows character and conviction,” he mused while offering her his hand. He lifted her up and she studied his face and ran her hand lightly over a bruise forming on his cheek.
“Looks like I gave you a lot of character,” she said smiling and put her arms over his shoulders. “I’m sorry for being such a bitch. Sometimes I just get a bit…emotional…This place makes me a little crazy sometimes.”
“Sometimes?” he joked. Wlodek felt good that she had calmed down and sighed while he held her. He felt his face throb and wondered what he’d gotten himself into.
“I know I’m not the woman for you. I just sometimes wish I was.”
Wlodek knew he should have told her she was wrong, but instead found himself thinking of Ania and agreeing with Eva. So instead, he said, “Don’t talk like that.”
Eva smiled, looked him in the eye, and brushed his hair off his forehead. “Tomorrow you can be with her, but tonight you’re mine. You remember that thing we did last week that you liked so much?” 
Wlodek nodded and rubbed his neck with his hand, “That was amazing.”
She brushed his cheek with her palm, “You go get in bed. I’ll take care of everything.”
She didn’t need to tell him twice. He hurried to the bed and lay on his back smiling as he watched her go to a drawer in the nightstand and pull out a long scarf. She made of show of playing with it before using it tie his left hand to the headboard. She chuckled as she pulled the second scarf out of the drawer as if she were a magician. Then she climbed over him and tied back his right hand. Eva slipped two more scarfs out of the drawer and fastened his legs to the base of the bed. The slow intent- filled way she moved teased Wlodek and filled him with anticipation. He was more than ready for her. She paced seductively around the bed tormenting him yet further. 
“You going to make me beg?”  he asked finally.
Eva put her finger to his lips. “Yes,” she hissed. She found his pants on the floor and in one smooth pull lifted his belt from them. Then she made a show of slowly climbing on the bed and straddling over him gloating over his wide eyes and flared nostrils. She slipped the belt around his neck and pulled it tight then slowly slid him into her. She slithered over him lazily at first until he began to moan, so she increased her pace. On it went, her increased speed caused him to lose control, which in turn increased her rhythm even more. As the passion increased, Eva tightened her grip on the leather strap of his belt, turning it more tightly in her wrist. They both fell into an ever-increasing sexual frenzy. Eva lost herself to the feeling pounding between her legs. It drove her to want the feeling more and more as she slid over him faster. She closed her eyes and there was nothing but the feeling of ecstasy in her mind. She purred and hissed as she worked. “That’s a good boy. You like that don’t you? Yes, I can tell. Ooh, yes.”
 One by one the chattering crows appeared flying chaotically around her head, calling to her, demanding to be heard. Soon the room was full of them flapping in a frenzy, insisting she act. Wlodek began moving wildly beneath her. Then she felt his throbbing release into her, and it made a smile that turned into a sneer. 
“You liked that didn’t you?” She said tightening her grip on the belt. “You like me now, don’t you, you evil fuck!” Wlodek’s muscles went limp, but after a few moments he began gyrating beneath her struggling to speak but only releasing weak gasps. “Oh, so you want more,” she laughed and began pounding down on him.
Her release approached slowly then built in an ever-increasing wave of moans until seconds later she exploded into a howling scream. Then it quickly abandoned her, like a stabbing knife being withdrawn, leaving her to drop onto Wlodek’s chest. 
She closed her eyes and sighed. Her thoughts were vengeful and bitter. Her mouth sneered and she pulled tightly on the leather belt clutched in her hand. Was that what you wanted? She thought. 
She took several breaths before she felt present back in the bedroom. She looked up to find Wlodek’s blackened eyes staring blankly at the ceiling, then noticed the belt still tightly wrapped in her hand. She flung the belt out of her hand, then in a panic hurried to lift the belt over Wlodek’s head mumbling, “No, no, no, no, breathe! Breathe!” When he didn’t move, she lowered her head and began to sob. “Come back. I promise I‘ll be good. Please, come back,” she said as a couple of crows flew by her head and voiced their opinion.

***

ARCHIE
Okay, I don’t even have to comment on this one, do I? Eva just can’t stop busting my balls. All that work and I handed him Ania. Other than 21st century Amanda, I think Ania was the best. Or was it Anne?, Or maybe Alexandra. Now there was a woman. Hell, living in William’s wake wasn’t all that bad. 
Eva was right, the temptations of free will had an irresistible side. I hated seeing Eva lose it like this. I briefly thought of how she and I used to be before Earth. Everything, including my old feelings for her formed a complicated glue that stuck to everything I tried to do. Oh well, William is tostada again. I couldn’t stop Eva when she got out of control. With William gone, it hardly seems fair to leave a woman like Ania alone, poor thing. I wonder if she’s ever been to Paris?

***
CHAPTER 11 -  Eva  2019

Circa August 2019 New York, NY USA
A step closer to God?



WILLIAM
Feeling tired but accomplished was one thing. But tired, unaccomplished, with frustration undermining it all was an empty feeling. The irritation of losing Amanda over smut on my computer combined with the impossibility of denying how it got there, wore on me all day. It felt like I was carrying a load of bricks on my back. I returned home late from a day of visiting a few of the managers in my district, kicked off my shoes, and got a cold one out of the fridge. I unbuttoned my shirt and plopped onto the sofa. Thank God my old cushiony friend was always there for me. I took a long sip then took a deep breath, before resting my eyes. The apartment was quiet with only the hum of the fridge and the constant street clatter from outside. 
Luckily for me a loud pounding on the wall and out in the hallway diverted by melancholy thoughts of Amanda. I got up and listened. Next came the sound of something dragging on the floor in the hallway and a voice moaning in frustration. To arms! I thought.
I put down my cold one, hurried to the door, and peered out into the hall. With her back to me a young woman struggled to pull a large chest, huffing and making random sounds of annoyance, “Scheisse!” she said in German as she dropped the handle on the side of the chest, put her hands on her hips, and puffed for air. She was an unusual sight. Her height was average but that‘s all that was. She had wild unkempt hair hovering just above her shoulders dyed a deep blue with purple streaks. She wore a short vest, which showed off her bare mid-drift and the tattoos on her arms. She wore tight jeans with rips and holes. They covered hips that carried some extra weight. The beginnings of a belly bulged over her tight waistband. Everything about her made a statement rather than conforming to an accepted style. If you were in a crowded stadium, you could search everybody and not find another one like her. 
“Can I help?” I asked, heading toward her in my socks with my shirt open.
She looked at me, then panted and gestured toward the chest. “My movers,” she said then panted. “They left this downstairs. It’s late and no one is answering their phone. I just need to get it to the end of the hall,” she said with a slight German accent.
“No problem,” I said buckling my swash and taking hold of the chest. She puffed and reached to help me, but I gestured for her not to bother and began sliding the tilted chest smoothly over the wood planks of the hall. She was surprised at the ease with which I moved it. I could tell because I soon left her standing in place. She hurried passed me and began fiddling with the key to her door while I stood waiting. She swung open the door and I followed her in. “Anywhere, is good,” she instructed waving her hand.
I found an open spot in the small dark living room. In the meager illumination coming through the doorway, I could see her one room studio was light on furniture but rich to overflowing with rows of tall thin statues and paintings of stylized human figures and animals. I felt like I had just entered a magical dark forest with unknown creatures around every corner. I studied them as I spoke, “So what’s in this chest? Not a dead body I hope.”
She smiled. “A dead body? No…Two or was it three. I’ve forgotten,” she said, smiling. “No, nothing that sinister. Is that the right word? Just art supplies, clay and tools.” She began flicking the light switch to no avail. “Scheisse!” she said again and threw down her arms in disgust. “The power was supposed to be turned on!”
I turned on the flashlight of my phone and gave the room an eerie glow. I nearly jumped when the light suddenly made the silhouettes of the large sculptures beside me seem to come to life in the creepy light.
“Oh!” She cried taking a few steps to a statue of a horse whose leg was cracked off, “They broke him!” Then she turned to me. “Do you believe that?” She went into a frenzy weaving her way around in a forest of statues small and large. When she reached the back wall, she stopped and lowered her head before dropping to her knees. “Scheisse, scheisse, scheisse!” she said in an angry but hopeless tone.
I walked over feeling sorry for her, “What’s wrong?”
She pointed at the jumbled heap of bedroom furniture.” My bed, they were supposed to put it together. I’m exhausted. Where will I sleep? On that?” she said pointing at a red leather chair against the outside wall of windows.
I had an idea. (I know, dangerous) “I’ll be right back,” I told her holding up one finger. In a minute I returned unraveling an orange extension cord extending from an outlet in my apartment while carrying a rolled utility cord light over my shoulder and a set of tools in my pocket. I plugged the light into the cord and lit up the room as well as one bulb could. I found a safe place to hook the lamp on one of her life-sized statues, then began digging through the jumble to find all the pieces of the bed.
She just stayed on her knees and watched still unable to overcome her disappointment, until I made her move as I laid out the bed. After a long moment of studying me, she came over and lightly ran her fingers over my back.
“What’s that about?” I asked surprised but not letting it stop my work.
“Just checking- checking for wings,” she said in a sweet tone.
I stopped and looked into her brown eyes as she took a sighing breath. “No, I’m no angel,” I said laughing sarcastically. “Far from it…Who said angels have wings anyway.” 
“Oh? What tells you that?”
“Physics, Star Wars movies, I think they’re just part of the Force, or a bad hologram full of static and bad reception. You know, there but not really there. Just a force you feel.”
“Interesting,” Eva said smiling and running her hand over my shoulder. 
Minutes later, when I had the frame and headboard secured, she jumped in to help. Together, we fitted a box spring to the frame and a mattress on top of that and suddenly there was a bed. The first little glimpse of order made her smile, “That’s wonderful. Thank you….” She dragged out the word not knowing my name.
“William, William the angel, at your service,” I said bowing.
She held out her hand, “Eva.”
I took hold and gave it a light squeeze before she turned around and began inspecting the kitchen. She tried the stove, which didn’t work, then opened the refrigerator to see no light come on from inside. She put her hand in it. “Warm,” she said shaking her head. She turned toward the counter dividing the kitchen area from the one main room. “Scheisse,” she said again.
“Oh, that word again. Can’t be good.”
She pointed at several bags on the counter. “And I bought groceries! I am such a fool.”
I moved in toward her. “No need to put yourself down. You’re not a fool. You did everything right. These guys, “I said gesturing to the apartment,” Didn’t do their job. Listen, you put all the things that need refrigeration in a bag and we’ll take them over to my fridge. I’ve got plenty of room. I think there are like two things in there.”
She lowered her head modestly. “That would be nice.” Then she thought about it and changed her tone. “But I can’t ask you to do that. You’ve done so much already.”
I’d been at this rodeo before. “Don’t worry,” I said with what I hoped was a reassuring smile. “This is just a friendly neighborly gesture, no strings attached. I promise. Why don’t you grab everything that needs refrigeration and I’ll just take a tour of these amazing statues,” I said drifting from one to the next. They were mostly people and animals all elongated and thinner than in reality. I ran my fingers over a ferocious tiger, then stopped and marveled at a large crow that had been made to look more like an eagle with spread wings and an aggressive demeanor. Next catching my eye was a tall statue of a stylized elongated female figure with her arms raised as it rose majestically in the middle of the statue forest. My gaze rose from its feet to its extended arms and made me feel like it was alive. I imagined hearing dramatic music as I studied it reaching for the heavens.
 “That‘s my favorite,” Eva said as she rummaged through the bags.
“I love it,” I said before bending down to look at the abstract horse the movers had broken. I inspected the leg. “You know Eva, I can counter sink a hole for a fastener and I’ll bet you could refinish this so no one would even notice.” 
 	She smiled. “That would be nice. I love that horse. How could they break it and not say a word?”
“I don’t know,” I said drifting over to another tall statue of an elongated female this time wrapped around a male figure. I turned back to her and looked at all the groceries. “Have you even had dinner?” I said moving back to the counter.
Eva thought for a second. “Dinner? Let me think,” she joked as if she couldn’t remember.
“Come on,” I said grabbing the bag of groceries. “I know I haven’t, so let me make you something to eat at my place.”  She looked at me apprehensively. I was surprised that she’d be leery. “What? A moment ago, I was an angel now I’m a serial killer?”
“I don’t have any cereal. But I don’t think you’d kill it,” she joked.
“Well alright then,” I said beginning to leave with her food.
“At least let me bring the wine,” she said grabbing a bottle. “You like Riesling?” 
“As long as it’s not scheisse Riesling,” I joked.
“No, no more scheisse tonight,” She said with a wave of her hand. “That is kaput,” she said, hurrying to catch up with me at my door.
I hurried into the kitchen, put the bag of groceries in the fridge, then began an inspection of our choices for dinner. “Well, I can make us some eggs…and some ham slices. Or we can have sandwiches,” I said turning toward her.
“What kind?”
I looked back into the fridge, “Well surprisingly enough, ham and egg or egg and ham.”
“So, eggs or eggs? Some eggs will be wonderful,” she said before her eyes began drifting around my apartment.
I pulled out two pans, the eggs, butter, the ham slices, and started to cook. When the butter was hot, I cracked the eggs into it and swirled the yolks, “Oops, I forgot to ask. I hope you like your eggs shipwrecked.”
“Shipwrecked?” she asked curiously.
“Sorry, Scrambled.” Apparently colloquial American phrases were not her strong suit. 
“Ah, for a minute I thought you had some weird American kind of eggs. Scrambled…shipwrecked is my favorite.”
“Dare I ask if you like cheese in them? Cause I minored in cheese-ology in college.”
“Ah” she said closing in and acting excited, “Yes, lots of cheese, please! Can I put it on?” she asked crowding me at the stove.
“Why don’t you finish these and I’ll get the ham done.” I slipped past her and flipped the ham steaks. “Dare I ask if you like maple syrup glaze on your ham?”
“What, you didn’t say you were a mind reader!” she said heaping grated cheese from a bag onto the eggs. “My mother always made them with syrup.”
“Yes, I am a mind reader. I can also levitate birds at will, in case you need that talent.” I put the maple syrup on the ham and let it cook in while I pulled two plates out of the cupboard and some silverware out of the drawer. I held out one plate, and she halved the eggs in the pan with the spatula and laid it on the plate without disturbing the lovely melted rivers of cheese flowing over the top. I flipped a ham steak onto the plate, then presented her the other plate to fill. Her spatula came down immediately followed by my tong of ham with us working in synchronized teamwork. I presented her a plate and silverware, and we stood at the kitchen counter both eating ravenously.
“So, you’re a sculptor?” I asked between bites. 
“Well, I am trying.”
“Your stuff is lovely.”
“Stuff?” she asked with her head cocked.
I smiled at my innocent mistake. “Your statues,” I corrected to prevent any innuendo.
She nodded and looked at her plate. “Ah, thank you,” she said mildly, then looked disappointed. “I was hoping you meant my breasts.”
Her unexpected joke made me cough up a little bit of eggs and chuckle. But then it got my mind started and I slipped a peek. Was she being flirty or just funny? I decided both. “That isn’t to say that your other stuff isn’t lovely too, but I really liked your human statues…and the horse. They’re abstract and stylized, yet they seem like they are moving and alive.”
 “Thanks, I just wish more people thought so. What is the phrase? Starving artist?”
“They aren’t selling?” I said before wiping a string of cheese off my lip with a napkin.
“Two years ago, I worked at a gallery. The economy went bad and so forth, so they let me go. I had to decide what to do. Get a job at another gallery…thank you,” she said as I handed her glass of Riesling to her. “Or do what I have always wanted since I went to NYU. So, I went, how you say, cold chicken, and spent my full-time sculpting.”
“Cold turkey, you mean.”
“Yes, whatever, a bird is a bird, no? I don’t know your sayings. Americans are always talking about chickens, aren’t they?”
“Well, that’s pretty brave of you I think, to take risk like that for something you love,” I said cutting my ham slice.
She shook her head. “Brave or maybe stupid. I’m not so sure. I have a grant for a statue for a company’s lobby. I sell smaller pieces at art shows. I have a website. I’m on social media.”
“Wow, that sounds good.”
“But I still work for a cleaning service part time to pay the rent,” she said shrugging. “So maybe not so good.”
The disappointed sincerity in her face moved me to action. I put down my empty plate, “Well, I’ll buy one of your pieces.”
“Pieces?”
“Sculptures, I mean.”
She just smiled weakly, making me think she thought I was just being polite with my offer. Then she finished her cheesy eggs and blotted her mouth. Eva put her plate on the counter next to mine, picked up her Riesling, and began drifting into my living room. “You have a nice place here, much bigger than mine. So, what about you?”
“Me? I’m a reclusive influential sculpture critic for the Times, rarely seen in public and not owning a single work of art,” I said while sipping my wine and studying her as she slowly paced a few feet in front of me. The uniqueness of her wild hair and bohemian appearance made me smile inside with curiosity.
As she inspected the books on my shelves and pictures on my desk, she smirked. “Yes, this place could use some art.”
Something about her image struck a chord in me, and she felt immediately familiar. I felt I wanted to connect with her. “Beside you, you mean?” I said following after her.
She turned to me with a smile, “Humm, are we talking about my stuff again? Now should I be worried about you killing my cereal?”
“It’s serial killer, serial killer. Why do so many victims…people get it wrong?” I joked. Then I tried to turn sincere. “No, I just think there is something familiar about you.”
She pointed an accusing finger at me. “Ahhhh, we have that old line in Germany too.”
“I can’t help it. I’m very comfortable with you. It’s like we were waiting to get back together rather than we just met- like we are picking up where we left off.”
“Ah, what a line.”
I realized I was thinking something she wasn’t, so I backed away into joking again, “Well is it at least a good line?”
She nodded as she inspected my memorabilia collection on a shelf by the windows, “Yes, I liked it…At least it wasn’t like I usually get, You come here often or Did it hurt falling from heaven.” A questioning look came over her face. “You know the one I get all the time that I don’t understand?” I shook my head. She continued, “Women always hit on me. Maybe it’s the hair or the boots or cause I’m European. I don’t know.” She turned to me and pointed a finger, “But if I was a lesbian, I would never be lonely in this town.”
Her turning suddenly placed us close together and I felt a sudden globe of intimacy surround us. “If you were a lesbian, it would be a horrible loss for all us straight men. I doubt we could recover.” 
“Again, with the complements. If I didn’t know you were a reclusive sculpture critic, I’d think you want to be wearing my pants,” she said finishing her glass of Riesling.
“No that’s, I want to get in your pants not wear your pants.”
“Ah, so you were thinking about it?”
“Actually, I am just enjoying being with you. I’ve had a rough couple of weeks. Meeting you and being able to help you with your moving hick-ups has sort of picked me up.”
“Good, I appreciate your help too. Now with the light I can brush my teeth and not my nose.” She fingered a baseball I had kept as a high school memory then put it down. Slowly she paced away. “So will your wife be home soon or your girlfriend, maybe?”
“Afraid not. In the last couple months, I’ve had a bad breakup and then every woman since has beaten me like a punching bag. They’ve been screwing with my self-esteem. You may have noticed the bruises,” I said pointing to my cheek while following after her.
Eva laughed. “Yes, I did notice the knife still in your back,” she said turning and pulling out the imaginary blade before continuing to pace. “So, what do you really do for a living?”
“I’m a regional manager for a national plastics distributor. Got my sights on VP next year…I know not as colorful as being an artist.”
She moved in close to me, reigniting the globe of intimacy, and looked up at my face. She gazed at me questioningly for a long compelling moment. “At the end of the day does it make you feel at peace with yourself like you have moved a step closer to God?”
I swallowed hard. I knew the answer but wasn’t proud of it. “I would have to say that would be a big fat Noooooooo.”
“Then maybe we have something to teach each other,” she said with a sultry tempting smile. It was strange for me to be so impulsive but, I felt so close to her that I had a sudden spontaneity to take her in my arms. It was a weird feeling to break my reserved nature so quickly. But after drawing me in, she abruptly turned and began drifting away again. So, I followed, starting to feel uncertain what these short flashes of intimacy meant. 
She continued a slow meander that kept her close but just out of reach, “Were you born here?” 
“Yep, right over there in that corner. Mom loved that corner.”
Eva chuckled. “No, I meant New York. Were you born in New York?”
“No, I’m an import from Cleveland. Ever lived in Cleveland?”
“Can’t say I have,” she said stopping and studying my memorabilia shelf.
“Me neither. When I was ten my parents moved into the Cleveland suburbs. When I was twelve, I caught up with them.”
Eva chuckled again. “Sounds like a difficult childhood.”
“Yeah, my parents didn’t give advice, they gave warnings to live by.”
“My childhood wasn’t the best either. Lots of rejection, bullies and so forth. It can be hard if you are different. But we survive and here we are.” She found my Zorro mask, gently stroked it, then picked it up. Eva held the mask to her face. “And what is this? Maybe you are mysterious after all,” she said looking me in the eyes. Instead of or gaze locking together, the mask hurried memories of Amanda’s eyes to a comfortable zone in my head, and Eva began fading away.
All at once Eva’s eyes widened in alarm sensing my rejection, sending a disconnecting jolt to my brain. Her face turned sour and she shook her head. She resisted what she was feeling at that moment, broke our eye connection, then pulled away and began walking to the door. “Sorry, I have to go,” she said dropping the mask without turning.
I chased after her. “Are you okay?”
She stopped turned toward me and tried to push up a fake smile. “I just have to go,” she said before disappearing behind the door.
“Oh, I get it, have to feed the statues,” I said trying to joke. I stood in wonder for long moment. Casanova strikes again. Maybe I should just listen to Jack. What was this ‘Gotta Go’ women did whenever I tried to get close? I picked up the Zorro mask, then wondered, was her hair bouncy when she left just like Amanda’s was when she left too?

The next evening when I got back from work, I had just taken off my jacket and popped a cold one when a light knock came from my door. I opened it to find Eva standing there sheepishly dragging my electric cord from her apartment with my utility light cord in a big unwound ball in her arms.
“Hi. You got your power switched on?” I asked a bit amused at how timid and uncomfortable she looked.
“Yes, thank you for helping me, “she said trying to hand me the utility light but most of the cord dropped on the floor. I coiled it up and put it inside my door. Next she handed me the end of the extension cord that I had run to her room, so I pulled on it until it was all in my apartment. Then Eva held up one finger. “One moment please,” she requested. So, I waited watching her disappear into her apartment then reappearing dragging the elongated spindly horse statue and carrying the horse’s broken leg. “You said you could fix this, so would you please?”
“Sure,” I said taking the leg and sliding the horse into my apartment next to the sofa. 
When I turned back, she had her finger up again. “Just one more thing, I swear,” she said. “I’ll be right back.”
I waited patiently until she slipped out of her door carrying a couple plates covered with foil and tucking a wine bottle under her arm. She smiled when she reached me. “Have you eaten? I guessed not, so this is to thank you and to say how sorry I am for how I left yesterday.” She pushed by me and walked into the kitchen to put the plates on the counter. “You like Roulade? It’s not really German. It’s Swiss,” she said hopefully, my smiling acceptance making her seemingly more comfortable now.
I laughed. “My high school sweetheart was German, and her mother made this for me every time I came over, but I could never find it anywhere else. Every city I go to I try to find a restaurant that has roulade and the only one I ever found was in Aspen. I love this stuff but can’t find it anywhere and no one has a good recipe.”
“Except my Grandma,” Eva was excited and removed a foil cover from one of the plates and forked a piece. She brought it over to me and slipped it into my mouth. “You like?”
“That is f-ing delicious! How did you know I liked this stuff?”
She shrugged. “Just a coincidence.” A knowing smile blossomed over her face. “Or maybe I know everything about you.”
“When do we eat?” I asked moving over to the food. She had made a full meal of roulade, corn, and whipped potatoes. We spread it on my little round dining room table along with the wine and glasses. There is a lot of great food in New York but there is also a lot of bad food in New York. It was the best meal I’d had in days and I savored it as she told me about her trials at getting her power turned on and finishing moving. She chatted away about how filthy the apartment she rented was, and I hoped she wouldn’t look too closely around at mine. 
After she took a long drink from her second glass of wine, her face changed, and she seemed at home and sincere. “William, I am sorry about the way I left last night.”
“Yeah, I didn’t understand if I’d said something or what.”
She looked at the table. “Something scared me. I was afraid to admit, but what you said was true. You said, It was like we were waiting to get back together rather than having just met. I felt that too,” she said finally looking up. “In fact, I’m sure of it. But when I put on the mask and looked into your eyes, I saw things, like memories. I saw us together before, but it didn’t end well. It was like we were poison for one another. It seemed so real I was frightened like it was happening again now.”
I sat back glad that she’d explained herself, “I felt something from your eyes too- but it wasn’t poison. More like comfort or familiarity.”
She looked back down at the table. “Maybe too familiar. I’m afraid I’ll hurt you again.”
“I’m not losing any sleep over things I imagined happened.”
“You don’t believe in an afterlife or having lived past lifes?”
“Handling today is tough enough for me. No way I can change yesterday let alone something that happened in a past life,” I said as if it were ludicrous. 
“So, I shouldn’t worry about this feeling I hurt you before?” she said getting up and beginning to carry our dishes over to the sink.
“Right now, is all we have,” I said joining her with my plate at the sink.
“And what about soulmates? Do you believe in finding yours?”
“I did, but man, it’s been a tough year for believing in ideals.”
“Come on be honest, isn’t there some amazing woman somewhere you’re after?”
 “I used to think so then, bam, the woman disappeared, and I ended up feeling like an ass. Living for today is fine with me. Just look at the great dinner and conversation we had. Isn’t that what it’s about?” I said moving in close to her. There was something magnetically familiar about her that made a short circuit around my usual conservative plodding pursuit of relationships.  With her it seemed I had already put in all the startup work.
“It could be,” she spoke softly and insecurely.
Her sudden vulnerability reminded me of the brief flashes of intimacy that had drawn me to her the night before. Now she seemed approachable almost sweet. She stood amenable and inviting me to act.  I brushed her cheek with my palm. “We have tonight. How great is that?” I said pressing a light kiss, feeling her stiff and uncertain, then following up with a long tender kiss and made her soften like melted butter.

***

CHAPTER 12 – Women, just when you thought…

Circa July 2019 New York, NY USA
Roulade is for winners



ARCHIE
What comes after plan ZZ? When it comes to William, that’s where I was, in uncharted waters. I sat in the back of the cramped cab as it negotiated chaotic noisy rush hour streets. On the seat beside me I tried to organize my case with my laptop and client files. But William’s blank screen it had a way of dragging me down and feeling hopeless. 
It wasn’t fair. Actually, I’d had a very successful Jedi-like day. A few Jedi mind games, a force push or two, and a couple twirls of my light saber had matched ones to their counter parts ones all day long. The young black couple I’d just left all flirty eyed at Rockefeller Center were hand in hand completing one another’s sentences. Thanks to me they had mentally merged together while waiting for a cab. I left them on their way to an expensive round of dinner and drinks courtesy of an overly generous APP I’d put on his phone. Unless this guy was William’s cousin, I was already to spend my commission on that one.
The two latte sipping men I’d introduced while they battled over the last lemon scone at a trendy little patisserie seemed to have forgotten everything else except this weekend in the Hamptons together. CHA-CHING.
And the woman I’d introduced to the hulky plumber I’d sent to clean her pipes…well, let’s just say you don’t really need to know what they’re doing right now. Although, I think its number 17 in the Kama Sutra, and those pipes are clean as a whistle. And that was just the last hour of my busy day. Sometimes soul mating is a merger of souls into harmony and comfort and sometimes…well let’s just say a lot more…mergers. But anyway, I put them together and it usually works. Whether they end up fusing is the Big Guy’s concern. I just give them the chance.
So, I should feel good, right? All day long I’d handed couples freshly baked chocolate chip cookies of life with only William in the negative column…still…always. I should feel accomplished, but William’s damn blinking screen with only three useless names on it mocked me. A brief stomach-turning email from Isaiah read,” Any progress on W? Status meeting is Wednesday. Need some good news to tell him. Despite serving up joy all day long, I felt like I had just put a lemon in my mouth and squeezed. I’d tried everything. Amanda was Amanda. I felt badly that they had broken up, but heck, we’re talking about William and his lousy luck. Those two would never fuse. Why didn’t they just send William someone else and put the poor boy out of his misery…and me too. He could lose a twenty even if I stapled it to his forehead. Hmmm, maybe I’ll try that. Amanda needed a man who could protect her, make all her dreams happen.  Someone like me.
I closed my case just as the cab abruptly halted at the restaurant. As I handed the cabby a crumpled bill, I glanced at the name on his license and ran his name through my memory to see if he was a client. No. The poor bastard was on his own. Maybe God hated him too.
I didn’t start relaxing until I opened the tall glass door of the restaurant, smelled the air scented with fresh flowers and perfectly cooked food, and heard the relaxing fall of water from a two-story tall waterfall backed by the calming sounds of a piano. 
“Good evening, Marcus,” I said to the young chic maître d as I completed a deep cleansing breath.
“Good Evening, Sir. Your guest has already arrived. She’s at your usual table,” he said grabbing a wine list and beginning to lead me.
“I know the way,” I said with my hand up to stop him.
“As you wish…Bon Appetit with the lovely lady.”
“Oh, you think she’s tasty, huh?” I joked.
Marcus smiled. “Very humorous sir. Yes, she looks quite delightful, even better than the last one.”
“Tell me, what sauce would you recommend on her?” I asked with hand on chin in mock thoughtfulness. “That Marsala you recommended last time was great.”
Marcus smiled and took the time to consider the possibilities, “Personally- she would go well with a rich Bourguignon.”
I slapped him on the shoulder. “Great, get me a quart of that to go!” 
“Maybe, two,” Marcus said, giggling awkwardly. “One for each side.”
“Hey, you’ll have to get your own girl if you’re gonna get kinky,” I joked.
“Would that I could be that lucky,” Marcus said. “Enjoy your meal.”
“I hope I enjoy the food too,” I said chuckling to myself. I handed Marcus a fifty. “Here, money doesn’t grow on trays.” A short walk and a right turn later, I was at my usual booth against the wall. After a day of handing out soft freshly baked chocolate chip cookies, there sitting at the table was mine. Amanda glowed in a silver sequined cocktail dress fitted to her form as if it was stitched with her in it. Her long blonde hair drifted around her shoulders, and the diamond necklace I’d given her brought focus to her fragile inviting neck. The sight made me reflexively stop and smile while sending a megawatt to my VSM. 
She looked up. “There you are. I took the liberty of ordering us drinks,” she said gesturing to them like a hand model. “I hope you don’t mind.” 
“Of course, not,” I said putting down my case and settling in my chair.
“You didn’t bring work along with you I hope,” Amanda said frowning at the case.
“Nope, all done,” I said sipping my martini and starting to check out the menu. “I am starving. I didn’t even have time for lunch or to even think about it.”
She looked down at the table and then began running her fingertip around the rim of her glass. “You know, Archie, I was thinking…”
“Oh, oh, sounds like I’m in trouble,” I commented without looking away from the menu.
“No, it’s not bad. I was just thinking maybe some night we could do something really romantic for a change.”
“Oh?”
“Yeah, I was thinking we could spend the night on a rooftop with just us, some food, and some candles. We could just talk all night, enjoy a full moon then a sunrise together, just be us. I’m sure you could find us a place.”
I looked up from my menu. The intimacy of her idea scared me, as did the sheer lack of intimacy of a rooftop in plain view. “Let me think about it,” I said before putting my nose back into the menu and beginning to feel anxiety flowing through me. Amanda wanted honesty, intimacy but how could I give it? The idea of losing control, being forced to give her honesty, and watch her image of me change set me on a razor’s edge. 
I couldn’t blame these mortal women for falling for me. I mean really what chance do they have? But the way this movie goes, is that they begin wanting more of me, and I sure can’t give it. What kind of relationship can you build when who I am and what I do makes me have to lie to them, like a lot? The sad part is I really felt something for this woman. Even if it was just for a few years, I honestly wanted to be with her. In hundreds of years on this planet and seeing them all come and go, that was saying a lot. I’d lavished money on her, wined and dined her till the cows came home (which they eventually did). Filled the air with compliments and flowers, the whole nine yards. And now facing wanting intimacy and knowing I could never truly have it with her, I honestly was beginning to be afraid of losing her. I had to do something.
“You promise you’ll think about it?” she asked.
I lowered the menu and looked her in the eye. “I promise,” I said while thinking, Ahhhh, I’d rather stick flaming pins in my ass then deal with this right now! It was time for a quick subject change. At times like this I wished I could do that Jedi mind trick with a wave of my hand. I gave it a quick try, and then pretended to brush away some crumbs off the table when it failed. Tack would have to do. I looked into her eyes. “You look amazing.”
“What this old thing?” she said as a cliché gesturing to her dress.
“Not the dress. It’s who’s in it.”  She dropped her eyes to the table trying to be modest. “Maybe we could take a trip together. You ever been to Paris?”
She took a sip of her drink and looked at me over it. “Three times last year. Why do you ask?” Then while I stared in amazement she smiled and corrected, “No, I’m just a country girl. Coming to New York was the biggest thing I’ve ever done.”
“Well, maybe we should go there. I have a place…”
“No, maybe we shouldn’t! We go to great places already. We eat great food; see great shows. For some reason you seem to know everybody. You know every page of the Kama Sutra by heart as far as I can tell. It would take me a year to memorize that thing.” (Only took me a half year.) “I don’t need any more of that. What I want is to know something about you. Maybe we should start with you letting me in there,” she said pointing to my head. “Just a little bit would be nice,” she added holding two fingers closely together.
Crap, Paris didn’t work. Paris always works. Think fast Archie. By now, I would normally be on my way, so I was in fresh territory here. I lowered my head and began rubbing my thumb and forefinger over my eyebrows. “You’re right,” I said, looking up. “I’ve been hurt before and I guess it’s made me afraid of opening up. Can you give me just a little more time?” I recited a line I’d often heard clients use as an excuse for not finding happiness.
Her face softened and she paused. “Everyone’s been hurt Archie.”
“Not like me. It feels like centuries of hurt,” I said adding a dash of truth and dropping my face to the table. Using years of experience, I put tears in the corner of my eyes.
It worked. She grew concerned, reaching her hand across the table to take hold of mine. “I’m so sorry.” I held her hand in mine against my cheek and sympathy began pouring off her face. “See, Archie, this is what I mean. You’re really opening up to me.”  I nodded. “Why don’t we go to my place, and I’ll make you feel better?” she whispered. As a waiter walked by, she grabbed his arm. “Could we have our check, please?”
I had a better idea, got up, threw down a large bill, and led her to a cab. Boy, I needed comforting.

***
WILLIAM
In the week that followed I had plenty of time to think. I didn’t see Eva often but when I did…my God, it was like magnets, if you know what I mean. I kept my focus on work and she kept to her creative self, but when either of us had an inkling, the other was always there, and no one was saying no. The familiar easy feeling surrounding her released an uninhibited animal within me while quickly washing away her previous appearance of shy reservations. It felt so unlike the pedestal vision I normally used to view the women I’d meet, but something in my mind gave me a green light that familiar sex wasn’t degrading or meaningless as indifferent sex. Yet after all these moments with Eva, it was mere seconds before memories of Amanda would drift slowly joyfully inescapably into my head and recapture my mind. After all she still had the piece of me, I desperately wanted back.
One day after work I heard a tapping at my door. When I opened it I found Eva on the left side of the doorway with her arm around a friend who stood on the right. Her companion was one of Eva’s statues I had admired, the tall-elongated female figure reaching for the sky. Eva smiled. “Can we come in?”  I pulled the large statue while she pushed and moved it into the living room, where I stood back a step to take the whole thing in. I noticed a ribbon tying a card to the statue’s arm that read, “To You, From Me.” I grinned when I finished reading it to see Eva smiling and nodding wildly. “I know, really touching card, right?”
“I don’t care. I love it,” I said holding out my arms but walking right past Eva’s outstretched arms to hug the statue. 
“Wait, how about a ménage a trois,” Eva said hugging both of us. “Now your apartment will always have art.”
We had fun and I liked her—a lot—but I didn’t find myself thinking of her in quiet moments or calling and texting her while feeling the need to know how she was. Thanks to Amanda, I knew love, and what I had with Eva wasn’t that, from either of us. But there was something so familiar and comfortable about her that I couldn’t resist spending time with her or resist the call of her body. I was just drifting with no thoughts of the future or even tomorrow and was happy to do so.
In quiet moments when there was no work, friends, or Eva to divert me, I slipped into a contemplative melancholy. Thoughts of Amanda drifted in and the cloud of happiness we had felt at the Caribbean resort, Amanda nestled in my arms as we planned a trip to Fiji, Amanda posing for photos in the park before I would have them blown up to poster size. When I would reach that meditative state, visions would sometimes float through my head. It wasn’t just Amanda and I in the recent past but like we had been together in the distant past, like our struggles together had been going on for a very long time. One was really cool of Amanda and me in colonial times. Another was us together in a castle in medieval times. They all were good and left me with the same contented feelings we always had together. But tonight, as I reflected and the same visions began creeping through my head, I envisioned Amanda and I together in the 1800’s laughing as we navigated a country road in a horse drawn buggy. It was a delicious feeling before an image of Eva burst into it and left me with a sensation of a horrible ending to the dream. I wasn’t sure about whoever wrote the scripts, but boy the acting in these mind films was terrific, especially that guy. So, my life had become cerebral and humdrum for a while, but that was fine because it made me know there was something I needed to change.
The solid rock wall of why Amanda had left me in the first place was a mass of frustration I needed to conquer. But how? She had seen emails from women on my computer. There were even racy pictures. There were references to restaurants and club Amanda knew were my favorites. There were sexually explicit texts. It was enough to make any woman not trust a man. Somehow, I was now a sexual maniac, doing all kinds of deviant things with another woman behind Amanda’s back. Amanda was so hurt by being dropped unexpectedly from lofty heights to a low she could not conceive. 
Only one problem. I hadn’t done any of them. There was no woman, and I was the least one you would consider if you lined up all the sexual maniacs. I had had so few partners it was embarrassing to admit. I had never been to a strip club, never been in a chat room, and never even had a single one-night stand. I had respected women too much since I was a sexually naïve teenager. I had never been infected with the “screw anything that moves” concept that all men were purported to believe. Throughout my youth, I had passed up more sex than I had had simply because I could see where it wasn’t going. Without the mental eye locking connection, I had with Amanda, sex could be very demeaning once it was over. 
So, where did the texts and photos come from? They were clearly there on my computer, yet I felt like a fool trying to explain to Amanda they weren’t mine, like some drug dealer trying to deny the drugs in his bag were his. I had ranted and denied but the evidence was hard to escape. Without an explanation, it would take a leap of faith for her to give me another chance. After months of agony, we had finally reached where we are. The love we had had was enough for her to tolerate me but not forgive, and it was hell. Months of trying to make it up to her had only gotten me so far. The feeling of doubt and hurt was always there and it made her back away anytime we began to get close again. When I looked into those amazing eyes, they didn’t lock with me anymore. How to prove the unprovable? How to make her understand the man she was now imagining me to be never had existed? I thought and breathed until the sky became light with the new day coming, but even with the dawning light I still could not see.

So, this was where my mind was when I returned home from work late one night. A hornet’s nest of little problems and hiccups with a new software system we were implementing had kept me long hours. By the end of the day, the hornets were all in the nest and happy, but I was exhausted from the stresses of a day that seemed to go by like a blur. I was exhausted and but mentally drifted along. That was when the prime-time thoughts of Amanda would creep out of the woods and surround me. I began feeling them slowly slipping closer to ambush me. I tried to keep myself from over thinking or expecting too much from Amanda. She was still with Mr. Wonderful and afraid to trust me again, but thoughts of her would never leave me alone.
When I got home, I found a note on my door from Eva asking me to help her move and set up her clay and tools. I crumpled the note and stared at Eva’s door as if it would tell me if she really needed help or if this were her waiting to ambush me. After a brief mental debate, I decided it didn’t really matter which. I knew I would help her move or help her to an ecstatic orgasm without requiring much convincing to do either. I paced to her door, knocked, and found it open. I pushed my head through the cracked door and didn’t see her in the red leather chair. I smelled the aroma of roulade coming from the kitchen. I smiled thinking I’d figured out her surprise was cooking me a dinner. So, I stepped through the door, but no sooner had I done so, then the door closed behind me. I turned to see Eva backed against the door dressed only in a long white tee shirt. So, another seduction was her game, ay? I felt a sudden surge in my heart rate. She smiled as she pushed me past rows of her tall thin sculptures that she had bunched together to make room for a large plastic drop cloth covering most of the room. In the middle of it was a large white canvas as big as a bedroom. 
She pointed to the canvas. “You readyyyy?” she asked seeming excited.
“If you mean to eat roulade, then the answer is yes.” 
She rolled her eyes. “No, silly.” Then she looked over at me. “And just who says that roulade is for you? Who’s to say some other hungry burly guy isn’t on his way? Roulade is for winners. You have to earn it.” Then she lifted the tee over her head. (I love when women do that) She paced nude onto the canvas and waved for me to join her. Too bad she was so shy. It was interesting to see her form surrounded by the stylized form of the statues of nude characters around her. It was like one had come to life and was dancing around like a nymph in the woods. I took an awkward couple steps before she complained. “Not like that! Schluss with the clothes! Unless you want to ruin my painting!”
“Exactly what are we doin’ here?” I asked understanding the roulade part and the naked Eva part, but without anything else feeling familiar.
Eva put her hands on her hips, clearly upset that I’d questioned her. “A gallery commissioned me to make a painting for one of their clients. It has to be a certain size, “she said pointing to the large canvas. “A certain style,” she said pointing a finger from me to her and back again. “Body Art. And it has to be certain colors,” she said pointing to squeeze bottles of paint on the floor. “So, you and your ass are gonna help me pay my rent.”
 The power that Eva was projecting was hard to describe. I had no problem resisting the pull of most women. I had a genetic lock on my brain that gave me control when I sensed a relationship would never go anywhere, so I wouldn’t even let it start. I turned away casual sex, not that it was thrown at me that often. But Eva, she had a bypass around my lock, that made sex seem so easy and almost a natural normal part of your day like having a conversation or coffee together. When I saw her standing naked before me now, there wasn’t a lecherous desire to be physical with any stimulating female presence.  It was more welcoming and inviting to be part of her day, to share ourselves like we shared roulade. I know it sounds crazy, but it was just so comfortable like we’d done it for years and years. I smiled, nodded, and started taking off my pants. “Okay, but I’m no artist. You’ll have to show me how it’s done first.”
She smiled; reached down beside her and lifted a plastic squeeze bottle in each hand one was blue and the other red. She held up the red bottle and ran a stream of paint down the front of her right leg. Then she ran the blue stream down her left. She put down the bottles then lay on the canvas and slid a foot or so toward me. She sat back on her knees revealing two streaks on the canvas. “There you see? We’re making body art. So, get those clothes off and get your brush over here.”
I moved over to her after I’d finished taking off my clothes. I picked up bottle of black paint and spread two circles of it on her backside. Eva smiled, planted herself near the middle of the canvas and rocked from side to side before rising up. I picked up a black bottle and a red one. I heavily coated her breasts with them before she laughed and grabbed onto me rubbing herself all over my chest coating me in a crimson hue. She dropped and blotted her breasts against the canvas revealing a lovely set of circles complete with a circle at each center, while I squeezed more of the same colors and slid my chest over the canvas form a black streak, a red streak, and a blended line where the colors mingled together. I covered my shoulders and rolled, while Eva poured puddles of paint at various spots and spread them with her toes. We covered our hands in color and made handprints all over the canvas. Then I covered the bottoms of my feet and walked diagonally across the corner of the canvas while Eva did the same in an opposite corner. The image of us covered in paint and the image forming on the canvas made Eva look as happy and excited as a ten-year-old opening her birthday presents. I took four bottles and covered both of us as we stood together, then took hold of her as we got down and rolled, spreading random colors and shapes across the canvas. When we stopped, she began to get up and noticed the sensuous endeavor had made me hard, so she coated it with red paint making my imprint in various places and using my rock as a brush. The paint felt oddly exciting, and she noticed. So, she put more red paint on me then stroked me. It was somehow very erotic, and I had no desire for her to stop. But there was plenty of canvas to cover, so she smiled, said, “I think I like you better red,” then hurried away to a nearly white area on the canvas. She covered her side, her hips, and the side of her leg in blue then lay on the canvas. I came over put yellow paint on her back and coaxed her to lie down. Then I took the paint and made an outline of her whole body from head to toe revealing her full feminine form, before I ran the outline again with red and mixed them with my toes. 
She laughed before I knelt down and climbed on top of her, rubbing our bodies together, mixing the colors, before I kissed her.
“Are we almost done here?” I asked.
She turned her head with the matted yellow and green barely visible in her blue hair. She inspected the canvas, then climbed out from under me, stood, and took a long critical look. She took a brush and filled it with various colors of paint and shook it at the canvas making small and large dots as she went. Eva made a few additions and strokes with her toes, then got on her hands and knees and painted with her fingers. Then she sat back on her legs and smiled. “I think it’s great,” she said scanning over it. “It catches all of our energy together.”
“This is my favorite,” I said standing and pointing to the outline of her hips in yellow, red, and orange. “Ooh, I think this stuff is starting to dry,” I said trying to brush off some paint flakes that were beginning to form and pinch my arm.
“Come on,” she said getting up and hurrying down a clear plastic path covering the floor to the bathroom, leaving colorful footprints as she went. I followed and joined her as she waited for the water in the shower to warm. We both giggled at the thought of what we looked like and what we had done. I followed Eva as she stepped into the shower, and I closed the glass door. I watched Eva stand under the water as rivers of color fell all over her body. The rainbow-like flow found every curve, every fold, and every contour of every muscle. It took a long minute before the colors faded from the water. We switched places and I rinsed as well as I could. 
“Lucky that paint was water-based acrylic,” she said as I found her shampoo and began lathering her hair. “Umm, that feels good.” I spread some soap on her loofa and began running it and my free hand over her body starting at the shoulders, being certain to spend extra time at all of my favorite parts. I made sure her breasts were squeaky clean and left her nipples erect and well-polished from massaging fingers. When I was done you could eat off her butt and thighs. I made extra certain that she was clean between the legs as I was greeted with subtle moans and closed eyes. 
Next Eva took the soap and used her bare fingers to rub over me, along my arms and chest, over my back and belly. By the time she reached between my legs, I was no longer red, but bare flesh. She rubbed my paint brush until I was clean and excited. I faced her and took hold of her as I slipped between her legs. We didn’t say a word as I slowly slid myself back and forth the entire length of her slit. Eva fell back against the glass wall and began to moan with each stroke. I gave her a long kiss and her moans began to echo in my mouth. After a moment I felt a hunger and pulled away suddenly dropping to my knees. In an instant her moans grew louder as my fingers and mouth went to work. But this time she didn’t tease me with her moans. They grew wild and uncontrolled.
I moved back and stood, making her last moan sound angry and disappointed that I’d stopped. I flipped her around so that she bent at the waist with her hands against the wall, and the water showering on her shoulders. The anticipation of what was to come made her moan quickly a couple times even before I entered her. When I did, she screamed, "Oh, mein gott!”
I started slowly giving her my entire length, but then lust made me pound her harder and harder. Her cries and gyration of her body told me that she had surrendered all restraint to my touch. I hurried to catch up. I let the feeling take me over as I listened to her and watch her move beneath me. After a few minutes, Eva made two short screams then a long loud one that made her slump beneath my hands. I was so excited and inspired by her release that I did as well. We both panted as she turned to face me. We took hold of one another and clung together under the streaming warm water. I felt a calm harmony come over me, but I could swear I heard Eva blubbering. When I pulled away, I could see full-blown tears rolling from her eyes.
“What’s wrong?” I asked feeling so much the opposite of the way she was.
She looked at me and tried to say something then just exited the shower, closing the glass door in my face. She stood back to me in the bathroom, lowered her head, and continued to sob. I had no idea what could be wrong, so I stood for a moment in disbelief before following her into the bathroom. I came up behind her and put my arms around her. “What’s going on?” I repeated.
She sniffled. “I wish things could be different. I wish I was different.”
“I don’t,” I said in amusement. “We had a great time with the painting and an amazing time in here.” I pointed to the kitchen. “We’ve got roulade waiting for us. This is like as good as it gets for two people.”
“Two people like us. But we’re not meant for one another, so this is as good as it gets.”
“Pardon me, but did you hear me complaining?”
She rolled within my arms to face me. “I didn’t. You’re too good a person for that. But you know, we aren’t right for one another. There is someone else out there you belong with.”
“Last time I looked,” I said pointing out there. “I didn’t see anyone breaking down my door. I haven’t told you about my last few months and women cause it’s not a pretty story. Give it time. Take it slow. Maybe things will just continue to develop for us.”
She seemed to gain a sudden confidence as her eyes locked on me, “She’s out there. And it’s not me. I’ll just do what I have to do.”
I tried to catch up. Was she saying that our occasional nights together were more to her than casual? If that were true, she’d never given me a clue. “What are you saying that you want that woman to be you?”
Eva was still and sober for a long moment before she smiled, laughed, and acted like she was joking all along. “Noooo, Are you kidding? I just use you for sex and it’s marvelous.”
I held up my arms in frustration. “Well then? What’s the problem?”
“I don’t have one,” she said rubbing her fingers over my cheek. “But I have roulade and a few touches to finish on the painting. You, “she said drying me with a towel, “Go pour the wine and gets us some plates, while I touch up the painting. But don’t bother getting dressed. That will save me a little work later,” she said finishing drying my legs and hanging the towel on the rack. 
I stared in disbelief.
“Go! Just go,” she said gesturing to the kitchen. “I’m fine.”
I hesitated but then finally left, confused and concerned. My sexual buzz and content feeling had run off and hid. What was I doing now?

***


CHAPTER 13  -  Stalemate not Soulmate

Circa July 2019 New York, NY USA
Then why’d you have to break my fucking heart?



ARCHIE
The balcony of my hotel room faced the pastels of an early morning sun. The ever-present murmur of the city was muffled a couple dozen floors below. The smog had turned that perfect shade of grayish green with just the right level of nitrogen oxide. I’m not sure why humans didn’t like it, but I found the oxides tasty, just the right amount of spice to them. The room service coffee was the perfect temperature. For whatever reason my breakfast exploded with flavor in my mouth this morning. Rather than having a concern for my job to bring life to the universe, I was content. Besides, Eva’s surprising appearance at my door the night before had been just the thing I’d needed to escape from my stress. Her all-out unsatisfiable assault on me throughout the night seemed to come out of nowhere, but I wasn’t complaining. 
Now my William frustrations would just have to sit on the back burner and wait. Trying to get him to fuse was like trying to light water on fire with a match and I knew it. I was certain I was hitting my head against a wall, so why do it more than I had to? I tapped away at my laptop for a minute, page after page of blah blah blah appeared, so I hinged it shut.
That was when Eva slid through the open glass door and yawned as she sat down across from me. “Good Morninnnnng.”
I paused noting her complete lack of clothes as I sat in my silk robe. My eyes paused on her smooth skin and the snake-in-a-bed-of-roses tattooed on her arm before I pointed to a man with eyeballs leaping out of their sockets, standing on a balcony farther down the building and a couple of floors away. “We have neighbors. You might want to put on a robe.”
Eva turned and looked at the man while giving him a warm wave greeting. Part of me was bothered by her brashness while inside I smiled. It was such an “Eva” thing to do and whether I admitted it or not, it was what had kept me working with her for millennia while we always seemed to be at odds. Finally, my straight face broke with a chuckle. 
 “See you love it,” she said smiling. I shook my head, but the smile was a sure give away. “I’m not sitting here in all my glory for that guy’s benefit. I know you got your hands on a human VSM and it blows your mind when I’m around. You likey? Yep, you likey very much. You likey mucho. Beaucoup de likey. Face it, you’re head over heels, fascinated, longingly, hopelessly hopelessly amazed by me.”
“Noooo.”
“Yes, yes, yes.” She stole my toast from my hand despite having a plate full of her own. “Hopelessly thoroughly amazed. Life is good. You should get one.   You glad I came over last night?” When the question made me cough up and nearly choke on a piece of bacon I had just started munching, she smiled, “I’ll take that as a ‘yes’. Here, this is for you.” She handed me an envelope. “Well, read it,” she said when I hesitated. 
I opened the envelope to find a card. On the cover it had a smiling cartoon woman saying, I’m really Glad…, in big letters. On the inside was a drawing of a used tube of glue and two pieces of a broken teacup fitting back together perfectly while the card read, We’re back together again.
“Well?” she inquired, “What does a girl have to do to get a reaction out of Archie the great?”
I smirked. “I love it.”  Inside I wished her sentiments were true, but there was plenty of history warning me to look out for falling objects. “You know along the lines of us being back together, I had an idea,” I said putting down the card and leaning in toward her.
“Oh, shit, no. Not another pyramid scheme again. That only worked for the Egyptians.” 
“Now, now hear me out. How’s this for a wild idea, we could just work together. Give William a chance. You know, do our jobs.’”
She snapped off some toast. “Now what fun would that be, just getting William off the board and leaving you with what’s-her-ugly-face? Oh, it’s constant bitch face. Or are you talking about getting those two broken parts together? Besides you really think those two are fusion material? Isn’t that why you put those things on William’s computer, to break them up?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Hey, this is me remember? Amanda is your, what did you call her, chocolate chip cookie. Yuck. How many times have you found her when she’s circled back around for centuries? How many lifetimes now have you protected her every step like gold? Let the girl fall on her own for once. For heaven’s sake I remember you and her when she was still wearing bear skins in a cave.”
“It wasn’t bear.  She never wore bear, mostly rabbit.”
“See? What is this hold she has on you? You are obsessed! You are such a good Cherub, but when it comes to her, I can’t figure you out.  Once you told me that when she gets naked in the bathroom even the shower gets turned on. She’s not what I would call a hottie, but you must see something in her or your VSM is for shit. Anyway, you’ll never give her up so why should I give up William? You could have this steak, but you would rather have that hamburger. No accounting for tastes.”
“I’m not talking about her. I’m talkin’ about you and me, together doing something meaningful instead of my making excuses for you with all these disasters and negative crap you’ve done.”
“What? Are we talking about Mars again? I told you, how was I to know? What kind of shitty fusion blows the atmosphere away from a planet? It was defective design, man. Those two should never have been matched together. I did the best I could with the defective equipment they gave me. Things happen.”
“And you put them there! What about the Trojan war, remember that one? Hitler was a nice guy? Who were you kidding?”
“Technically, I was not the one who signed off on Hitler. I was just part of the process, you know. It just got away from us. I think it was the mustache that threw us,” she said putting a finger vertically under her nose. “See? Creepy.” Eva leveled her palms in a downward motion. “Let’s just chill. That was then. This is now. We’re cool, aren’t we? This is cool, isn’t it?” she said gesturing around us. “I’m sort of digging this do-gooder vibe you live in. I don’t feel the stress or look over my shoulder every minute. Besides, the brochure for the Four Seasons in Hell only has one picture and it’s a firey toilet. Who’d want to go there? And the service, half a friggin star.”
I felt like a hypocrite. I knew of Eva’s flaws but still held on to hope. Amanda’s frail butterfly like life span would only ever splash it’s amazing colors for an instant, but it was such a wonderful show. I enjoyed them both but knew what I should be doing. I knew deep in my being I wanted to be someone, do something great. Whenever I mentioned becoming a Seraphim to Eva, she’d laugh, but it was a searing thought always in the back of my head. There were so many cross currents and storms in my mind, I needed to sort them out. But Eva showing up had made them worse, or maybe she was the way to settle them all down. “Glad you’re diggin’ on something about me. That’s a start anyway.”
“Fine, let’s try what you want. There, shop talk over.” Eva stood up. “So, can I offer you some real breakfast?” she said gesturing to herself.
I sighed and shook my head at my weakness. Eva always flipped the subject with sex. “Yes, I do… head over heels hopelessly amazed.”
“I knew it. At least, the Big Guy got something right, very right,” she said slowly pacing over and pulling me close. “This male female thing and that orgasm module,” she said coning her fingers and giving them a smacking kiss. “I’ve got two of those modules and it’s not enough.” Then she headed for the bedroom before she remembered something. “Arch, bring the whipped cream,” she said pointing at a bowl that was intended for my waffles.
I picked up the whipped cream, took a step, then brought the syrup too.
***

WILLIAM
I knew Amanda frequented an outdoor café before work several days a week. Like me, she liked to get her ducks in a row. But Amanda had them quacking Beethoven’s Ode to Joy so when she entered the office she would be at full assertive force. So, I drifted by the café. I wasn’t sure why. I knew I just wanted to see her, maybe we would chat, maybe she would see how wrong breaking up with me had been and come groveling back begging forgiveness. You know something like that. It could happen.
I rounded the corner and saw her sitting alone in front of a laptop, a notepad, and a coffee and danish that were slowly getting cold from being ignored just like me. She was writing some notes as I approached, uncertain of what I’d say when I reached her. A young suit craned his neck to get a look at her as he passed, before he unceremoniously ran into a pillar. It made me stop and chuckle for a second until I realized I was just like that poor loser. She didn’t see him limp away holding his nose or drop a beat of her concentration. She finished her notes then turned back to her computer before noticing me.
“William.” She didn’t know what to say either.
“Morning, mind if I sit?”
Amanda gestured toward a chair. “You know it’s great you came by. I just finished an email to you about Advanced Plastics.” She leafed through her notes. 
“Oh, you’re looking at acquiring them?”
“Well, it’s part of another deal…Oh, yeah here it is. They’re in your territory. You know anything about them?”
Her cold businesslike conversation felt like someone had opened the drain plug on my heart. “Sure, they’re a good competitor. They built new plants in South Carolina and Georgia. They have some fabrication and extrusion capabilities, but mostly are distributors.”
“My question was about their growth.”
My question was about growth too, but her conversation was seeming to have the opposite effect.
“So, what’s their future growth potential? They are supposed to have developed some new patented process. Are we talking cash cows, mature products, or cutting-edge stuff?”
Product lines, cows…how did she do it? She was right there. Her amazing eyes were two feet away. The amazing me was right here. Those friggin’ emails had turned off a switch in her head. How could I get the lights back on? I stared into the pools of her eyes but after only a second, I saw panic in them, and they looked away. “The new plants service the auto industry and the plumbing supply industry. There’s your growth potential along with some new polymer patents.” Bull shit, bull shit, bull shit.
“Plumbing? I didn’t see anything about that,” she said leafing wildly through her notes. 
Ok, missy, two can play at this game. You want cold and impersonal, you got it. “Faucets, shower heads, are all molded out of ABS then nickel plated. People think its chrome because it looks like metal. I’ve been trying to get them to use our Cylon 2124 resin. Their automotive plant can buy our TPO and PP.”
“They can use truckloads and truckloads of our stuff? So, there is synergy working with them? That could be big! The resin guys will love this.”
The sudden brightness of her eyes made me want to grab her right then, feel her petite frame, and overwhelm her with a long ardent kiss. I just had to come to grips with the fact that her eyes were made bright by synergy savings instead of me. The sudden disappointment left me exhausted and drained. If I wanted to talk business, I could go to the office, not be interrogated by the love of my life. The emails, I wanted to dispute the wretched lying emails. I didn’t know how and had no way to get them into a cash cow conversation. I debated just blurting something out. I shook my head. My mind tried to tactfully hover with the business conversation, but the focus of my mind wouldn’t allow it. Oh, oh, an eruption was coming from deep within and my normal patient style couldn’t stop it. “I didn’t come here to try and sell more Cylon 2124.”
“No?” She had a leery look on her face.
“I don’t give a flying fuck about that shit…Amanda. I have met brilliant women, I have met beautiful women, I have met athletic women, I’ve met successful women, I have met nurturing women, I have met women with social conscience, I’ve met moral women, I’ve met wise women, I’ve met exciting women, I’ve met sexy women, but I’ve never met one woman who was all of those things until I met you.” There is was. The last of the toothpaste had been squeezed out and it littered the bathroom counter, never to go back into the tube.
Her face shook and her eyes began to tear in the corners. She rose and quickly gathered her things. “Then why’d you have to break my fucking heart?” 
“I didn’t! Amanda!” I called after her. Then I looked down at the table and mumbled, “I didn’t”

***


CHAPTER 14 Making the Leap

Circa September 2019 New York, NY USA
Dead man kissing



AMANDA
“In closing, I just wanted to say, despite the education and self-determination I’ve been preaching for the last hour, man does not control his own fate…we women do.” The audience erupted and some stood, but I felt like a fraud. Here I was standing in front of a group of businesswomen accepting their applause after telling my story of how you can rise from rags to success through will, education, and self-determination. I told them about the foundation I had started fostering venture capital for female enterprises and handed out literature. I told them about next week’s computer, food, and clothing drive for school children that my company was sponsoring and invited them all to get involved. Many acted like I was a superhero. For Christ’s sake, they even called me a role model. Some of them even stood while they applauded. I almost wanted to look over my shoulder, surely there was someone worthy of this standing behind me. Sure, I felt accomplished but was I worthy of praise? There was so much farther to go.
Why didn’t I feel like a superhero? Maybe it was because I didn’t tell them of all the simple silly things that can come from nowhere and sink the best planning or determination. Free will in a vacuum was a powerful force but when you added it to the randomness of billions of others with the same opportunities, it was a rough storm to navigate. And sometimes you just got lucky. All you are left with is the guts to get back up once something unforeseen knocks you down. The road to success was always under construction. I didn’t tell them business success wasn’t everything, and after climbing the hill you might suddenly look out and feel empty like I was now. I was driven to strive but was reaching the goal ever enough? Success alone didn’t get you closer to God. That was why I’d started the foundation and volunteered my time hoping to fill this empty feeling I occasionally stumbled into. But now it too was just another hill to climb leading to another empty valley.
Out of habit, I glanced at the side of the stage, but there was no one there. William used to swallow his testosterone and come to these estrogen-fueled events just to see me at the center of it, to see me content at making others happy. He said it was seeing me up where I belonged. But now there was no one there, nothing but a hole like the one I was feeling inside. Without someone to share it with accomplishment seemed frivolous. So much so I felt a tear forming even amidst the applause and adulation. 
Seeing William at the café had initially set off a rush of emotions that took off like a rocket, but one that immediately slammed into the rock wall of those emails. How could he support me as completely as he did while behind me his eye was roving? It must have all been a lie. It made me doubt everything we had ever done and every word he had spoken. Still, I had never felt any closer to anyone. We just slipped precisely into one another with an ease that left us able to be without pretense. I didn’t even know I could be silly and lighthearted until I discovered so many new parts of myself after I met William. Those moments when our eyes would lock were like roaming around within each other. The free for all in my head suddenly would calm and I could focus all my energy on one thing, being.
A bolt suddenly ran through me when I saw the silhouette of man that looked so familiar standing in the back of the hall doing the same William-wall-lean I had seen so often before. A pang of excitement shot through my body to think he had determinedly come here despite my explosion at the café. I began urgent thoughts of how to act and how I should speak with him. The thought of seeing him here was exciting, but I panicked at the fear of letting him close again. I was tormented by the emails but remembered so much else. I brushed back my hair and drifted down the steps off the stage to be greeted by smiling faces and compliments. I nodded, thank-you’d, and was as humble as anyone experiencing this case of mistaken identity would allow. But when I tried a quick glance at the silhouette, it was gone.
So, drifting back to earth, I stood with a wall around myself, not letting the audience see the me I longed to be. Yes, this work was part of me, but not everything.

***
The next morning, my heart was pounding. My brain said this is a terrible idea. You’re setting yourself up for a world of hurt, I thought. I stood before the door to William’s office with my hand out reluctant to turn the handle. I can do this. I can do this… I shouldn’t do this. Something about the memory of that silhouette leaning at the conference had seeded in my mind and continued to grow even amongst the shambles of hurt and insecurity. In life you have choices to be made, risks to take, and the result is you. Be cheery, be light, be cheery, be light. Holy Crap. Did I bring any Tylenol? I took a deep breath and knocked.

WILLIAM
When Monday morning arrived, I had work to occupy my thoughts. Watching Amanda glow from afar at the seminar the night before was a frustrating feeling I had to push back into its cave. And I felt like a stalker, some lovesick schoolboy who couldn’t accept he was in over his head, or just no longer in someone else’s. Denial is a scenic road. The very possibility of those eyes of hers leading nowhere for me now was the definition of despair.
 On the trip into the office, I planned an active morning. I powered up my computer and sat reviewing the notes. There was a Corporate VP position opening up, and if my numbers continued maybe, I could get it. If I were a big wig, maybe I could join Amanda on the 20th floor. As I reached for my phone to make my first call, a light tap came from my door. Despite the wooden door being in a wall of glass I had no idea who it was. I turned to the door as the tap came again, “Come on in.”  Amanda opened the door just wide enough to slip through then closed it with a big smile on her face and an expensive gray suit clinging to her. No one looks good in gray, but she did. I felt my heart race for a second before I remembered our last business conversation and fight at the café. “Come for more info on Advanced Plastics?” I asked.
Her face flushed for a moment. “William,” she said approaching closely and leaning both hands on my desk. “I have a great idea. I just know you’ll be up for it.”
 	“Oh, what do you have in mind?” I asked, waiting for the smack across the face I was certain was coming. 
“How would you feel about skydiving with me Saturday?” she asked with high school cheerleader excitement.
“Skydiving?” I said, feeling more surprised than if I’d discovered my head was on backwards.
“Yeah! I have reservations for two for Saturday. I think it would be so cool.”
I stared at my desk trying to mentally catch up. She saw my reluctance. 
“Don’t worry it’s not like I’m gonna push you out of a plane.” Then she laughed and joked pretending to have second thoughts, “But you never know. Your insurance paid up?” Her humor made me wince. “Anyway, it’s a tandem jump. You get a class on the basic basics and then you jump with an experienced professional diver. You’re just along for the ride, and I hear it’s great. The weather’s supposed to be perfect Saturday!” 
I started to catch up, and a little smile crept to my lips upon realizing that she wasn’t going to club me. “You want me to go with?”
“Sure, a friend of mine was too chicken, but I knew you wouldn’t be.”
“This friend wasn’t Mr. Wonderful was it? Am I your second choice?” I asked.
She put her hands on her hips slightly exasperated. “Are we gonna play some little macho game now?” She pointed at me then herself. “Come on, you and me, up in the wild blue yonder, laughing at birds, letting our juices flow to be alive. What could be better? We can make a day of it in the country. Then I’ll let you buy me an extravagant dinner. How about it?”
“If I remember, don’t heights make you queasy?”
“That was heights,” she said slicing the air horizontally with her hand. “This would be heights, like angel heights, like look down at birds heights,” she said raising her hand level as high as she could.
“Wouldn’t higher be worse for you?”
“Listen, buddy boy, I’m not the problem here. Are you in or out?” she said, frustrated.
I couldn’t help but smile at the thought while the little gremlins of joy leaping and frolicking in my head began imagining her being so entranced by a day with me that Mr. Wonderful would be history. My horny letches also came out dancing in a circle, starting to imagine her and me at some little B&B doing that arching thing she does with her back. “Sure, I’ll do it but, what about Mr. Wonderful? Isn’t he going to be pissed?”
“He’s still wonderful but he had his chance. Anyway, why should I miss out on life because he’s an old fogy? Am I right?” she asked putting up a petite hand for a high five. I slapped it smiling, feeling it reverberate through my whole being. “Great.” She began backing away, then pointed at me. “Saturday, it’s gonna be early. I’ll text you,” she said reaching the door. I nodded. Then she asked, “You still have the convertible?”
“Yep, I’ll get Ol’ Signourney out of the garage. We can drive up.”
“Great! I love that car… You can still levitate birds at will, right? Might come in handy.” 
“That’s birds not people.”
“You’ll just have to try harder.” She smiled and disappeared.
I sat in my chair for a long moment amazed at life’s twists and turns. After all my plotting to finesse Amanda back into my life, she just turns back into me. I shook my head wondering why I bothered trying to control anything.

***

There are days where you are lucky to tread water, and there are a very few precious days when God opens a door and says Have at it- rookie. This day was decidedly the later. I felt rocket propelled and couldn’t move fast enough. It was an hour and twenty-minute ride to the skydiving airfield. Amanda and I motored through rolling fields and patches of trees after we’d gotten out of the city. Ole Sigourney hummed along the roads seeming as happy and content I was to have Amanda back in the seat beside me. We spoke non-stop with child-like excitement, just like we used to. The only subjects I avoided were “us”, the emails, and the past. I tried to keep things light and fun so we would enjoy just being together. 
The sun was bright and warm without a cloud in the sky, so I had the top of the convertible down. I glanced over at Amanda with her shades and baseball cap on, the wind blowing any of her blonde hair it could find. My glance turned into a stare as it dawned on me how wonderful it was to be beside her again. The thought of my evening with Eva days before slipped quickly through my mind only long enough for me to realize how different my time with Amanda felt. Eva seemed like passing time while Amanda felt like belonging and connected. Finally, she noticed me, “What?” she asked with the wind blowing her voice away.
I smiled. “Nothing, I just am so glad you invited me along.”
She smirked. “I’ll remind you to tell me that again at 15,000 feet when you’re screaming like a baby.”
“I remember someone feeling woozy on the Empire State building.”
“Yeah, why’d you get so woozy?” Amanda stammered, both of us knowing full well she’d been the nervous one, but that her ego wouldn’t allow recognizing a flaw she hadn’t conquered. It was so Amanda to try and conquer a goal just to prove she had done it. She lived by stretching herself with adventures and challenges. “I think that’s it,” she said pointing to a turn off and a tiny Airport sign. 
We followed the gravel road to a large field with a clump of hangars and small buildings. As we drove up, we could see the runway, a pickup truck ferrying people to a plane for their jump, and a group of people huddling in the hangar. We parked and walked over to a building with a skydiving sign on it. A tall thin surfer style dude walked down the steps to greet us. “You here for the ride of your life?” he asked.
While I tried to shake his hand, he tried to give me a fist bump. When I went for the bump, he went for the shake. “That’s us.”
“First time up in the wild blue?”
“Yep,” said Amanda smiling but she was more reluctant than confident. I could tell it was her I’ve-got-butterflies-in-my-stomach smile. We were here and suddenly the reality of jumping from angel heights was beginning to hit her. Most people wouldn’t have noticed but I knew her and every nuance of her body language. Suddenly it dawned on me why I was there. She was afraid and she was testing herself, so she needed me there for support without wanting to admit she needed me there. Deep inside I smiled, glad I could be of value to her and loving that Amanda valued something about me.
“Great, I love the sound of newbies screaming in the morning,” the dude said. “The paperwork and your class will be in here,” he said gesturing to the small building. We followed him in then he quickly turned us over to a middle-aged woman who handed us thick clip boards with dozens of disclaimers to sign. 
“Start with these. Let me know if you have any questions,” she said running off to deal with another group. Amanda and I looked at one another, then sat on some folding chairs and began to work. After reviewing two pages, I looked over at Amanda. “I counted five deaths and seven serious injuries on just the first page!”
Amanda leafed through and signed page after page without even reading. “What did you expect they’d say? If you die Willy, you die. Trust in God’s plan.” Then she looked up at me and smiled. “Still glad I invited you?”
“Yes,” I said making a point of rushing my signature on each page. “There finished. How’s that for trust?”
When we were done, we handed the forms to the middle-aged lady and she ushered us into a small conference room where other people already filled the chairs lined up in front of a small table. Amanda and I found a couple of empty chairs at the back and sat waiting for our class…we guessed not having been told anything.
Finally, a bearded black man in his thirties walked into the room favoring his right leg. “Okay, everybody ready to fly?” We all gave him a less than resounding yeah. He lifted a harness from the small table and held it up. “You’ll all be strapped into one of these- really uncomfortable. If you have any plans for children in the future, you might want to rethink. When that chute opens, if it does, this little number is really gonna say hello, if you know what I mean,” he said pulling the harness up sharply. “You’ll all be assigned a jump buddy, and you’ll be strapped to them with this,” he said holding up the harness and belt. “Somethin’ goes wrong with this and you’ll be a stain on the landing zone… Don’t worry, we’ll clean it up.”
I glanced over at Amanda and she glanced back at me quizzically. We found his comic style a bit disturbing; at least we hoped it was comic. 
 	“Once you’re out of the plane, your buddy will tap you on the shoulder. That’s your cue to spread out your arms like you’re doing the YMCA. Give us a good Y. Then you free fall for a few seconds till you hit terminal velocity. There’s a reason they call it that. After that, you’re flyin’. It’s great, if you can get rid of the terror long enough to enjoy it. Then your buddy will give you another tap when he’s about to open the chute. That’s your cue to fold your arms against your chest so you don’t muck up the chute. Muck up the chute and you’re dead. Chute doesn’t open and you’re dead. If there’s a problem, don’t panic. Nothing you can do anyway.”
I looked at Amanda again with concern on my face, then feigned getting up out of my chair to leave, making Amanda smile and push me back into my seat. 
“Your buddy will pull on the chute loops to turn you onto the landing field. Don’t screw with him while he’s doing that. When you reach the ground, bend your knees to absorb the shock and make a soft landing. Eighty percent of you will fall flat on your faces but you’ll feel so glad to be back on earth that you won’t even notice. Any questions?” He didn’t wait for anyone to speak despite Amanda’s hand rocketing up with what was probably a series of questions. “Great,” he said leaving, “Let’s get suited up.” He led us into the hanger where harnesses and jump buddies awaited. They helped us into the harnesses; check the buckles, pulled on straps, then left us standing. 
I glanced over at Amanda and she looked marvelous in a turquoise jump suit. “FYI, you’re not supposed to look that good in skydiving equipment,” I said, and she smiled. “It’s a law. You can Google it.”.
“I don’t think you’ll be saying that when 100 mile per hour free fall winds are sending my lips around my ears,” she joked.
I watched her for a second. “You know, something makes me think you could pull that look off too.” But Amanda said nothing, seeming detached. It bothered me that my sincerity and openness had bounced off of her like a tennis ball off a concrete wall. At first, I felt rejected by her reaction, then I wondered if she was just nervous and preoccupied by the jump, then I wondered if she were just afraid of letting me in.  Finally, I wished for the old days when we were in one another’s minds and there was no need to wonder like this.
After a minute a pickup truck pulled in the hangar, unloaded another crew of buddies, and the instructor reappeared to pair us up by size. He pointed to a small female buddy. “Emily, you take her,” he said pointing at Amanda. Emily walked over and led Amanda to the truck. He paired the other four people in our group, then pointed at a large, tattooed guy who looked like he’d just escaped the x-games. “Crash, you take him,” he said pointing at me. 
Wait a tick, ‘Crash’? I’m putting my life in the hands of a guy with the professional name Crash? “Crash?” I asked as I joined him. “Is that German or really your nick name?” I asked.
Crash laughed. “I guess I sort of earned it. Not to worry, I’m still here,” he answered without consoling me a bit.
As we drove to the plane in the back of the pickup truck, I noticed Amanda vigorously chatting with Emily, a thing she did when she was nervous or… not. Meanwhile, I sat next to Crash and wondered how they would dispose of my assets without a will.
“Hell of a day,” Crash said looking at the sky. “Too bad there are no clouds. You haven’t jumped till you’ve gone through a cloud.”
“Good to know,” I said praying no clouds appeared as I imagined dropping through a cloud to reveal an immediate mountain peak.
Amanda looked over at me from across the truck and smiled, but it was slightly lopsided. Most people wouldn’t have noticed and thought her a pillar of strength, but I’d seen it too many times before. So, I decided I should be over there to support her- and her me. “Excuse, me Crash,” I said wobbling my way across the truck to sit by Amanda. “Did you know my buddy’s name is Crash?” I joked when I arrived.
Amanda smiled and gestured toward her buddy, Emily. “Yeah, Em told me.” Amanda always had a way of getting to a personal level with people quickly, so Emily was already Em. “But it’s not from skydiving. Apparently, he doesn’t get along with ATV’s or snow boards.”
“Or Motorcycles,” Emily chimed in. “Don’t worry, Crash is great.” 
“So, how you doin’?” Amanda asked.
“Great, all ready to go,” I said with surprising real sounding confidence. Then I turned to Emily. “So, is she giving you a hard time yet?” I said gesturing my thumb at Amanda. 
Emily hesitated then smiled. “Well, she’s already questioned a couple of my instructions, and we agreed to disagree on a couple other points. Other than that, we’re gonna be great!”
“That’s my girl,” I said patting Amanda on the back.
“What? I’ve got opinions,” she said defending herself.
“Assertively opinionated,” I said to Emily while holding one hand up as a barrier to hide my thumb pointed at Amanda. Emily smiled and nodded emphatically.
Amanda just shook her head. “I’m just saying it makes a difference if we’re making an X or a Y shape in an air flow of that velocity.”
Emily and I exchanged knowing grins and Amanda gave an exaggerated pout.
“Just sayin’!” she protested.
Assertively opinionated was a term of endearment as far as I was concerned. We both understood that she was just wired that way, and I appreciated her for it. It was just a constant feature that made her- her. I had to make an immediate correction, so I decided honesty, big mistake. “Hey, I’m not putting you down Amanda. In fact, your assertiveness and how passionate you are about everything are some of the things I love most about you.” Oh, crap did I say that? Not only the L word but the P word; in the same sentence! What happened to keeping it cool? I stared at the truck bed hoping no one had noticed my comment, then glanced in my peripheral vision to find Emily with a soap-opera-watching smile and Amanda was wearing a smirk but looking away from me. I began to stammer trying to come up with a correction for my correction but was saved as the truck pulled up on the tarmac next to our jump plane with its two engines running and rear door open. We piled out and with the stiff harnesses and other gear, began waddling toward the plane. It caught me as funny, so I took a few steps doing my best penguin impersonation. Amanda chuckled, but everyone else just figured I was weird.
 “Okay, we’re gonna load in opposite order of how you’ll jump,” our limping instructor said when we arrived at the plane. “Crash, you’re in first and last to jump.” Crash hurried by me bounding with excitement while the instructor put a hand on my shoulder. “You get to watch the mistakes everyone else makes. Might save your life,” he encouraged. “Emily, you and your victim…jumper are next.”
 And so, on he went down the list. We sat on benches that ran along both sides of the plane with Crash on my one side and Amanda on my other. In a few minutes we were airborne. I watched as the little altimeter on my harness began to steadily rise. I showed it to Amanda. “Well, at least this works.” She nodded but wasn’t as amused as I was. I took some selfies of Amanda and I, then some pictures of Crash and Emily. When we passed 8,000 ft, I showed Amanda the altimeter again. “We’re getting there.”  Amanda smiled and nodded. I encircled her shoulders with my arm and pulled her against me for a moment. “You doin’ okay?”
“Great,” she responded with her always-confident smile. Most people would have thought her aloof and unconcerned, but I knew better. I let her go when Emily began giving Amanda a few instructions, while my instructor, Crash, turned and looked out the window. As Amanda debated articles she’d read about diving with Emily, I looked around at the other jumpers, some laughing, some ready to hurl, and wondered exactly what I was doing here. The answer came a moment later when Amanda’s petite hand snaked its way across the bench and took hold of my hand with a boa constrictor’s squeeze. She just kept talking with Emily occasionally making a suggestion while Emily vigorously shook her head and repeated her instruction. All the while Amanda was having a separate insecure conversation with my hand. The other Buddies seemed to be doing the same as Emily, so I turned to Crash. 
“Any last-minute instructions?”
He thought for a second. “Two things, no three, no just two. I tap your shoulder; you do the Y thing. Don’t freak out. When I tap you again, fold in your arms. Breathe, gotta breathe, man. Can’t tell you how many people just hold their breath. The air’s thin up there. At 15,000 feet you’re already slowly suffocating, so gotta breathe, like a lot. You ain’t gonna make five minutes holding your breath. Enjoy yourself while we’re flying; that’s really cool. You’re here to have fun; at least I am. Bend your legs when we land so we can do a soft landing standing up. Don’t fight your Buddy, man. I know what I’m doin’. Then be sure to tip your Buddy, like a lot, cause that dude just saved your life after you fell out of an airplane.”
I wasn’t a math major but that seemed like a whole lot more than two things. 
“So, like jump up on my lap,” he said tapping his leg.
“What, now?” I asked.
“Come on, man,” he repeated again tapping his leg.
I wasn’t into a little dude on dude, but when I looked around Amanda was on Emily’s lap as were others as they hooked and strapped themselves together. So, I awkwardly did the same while Crash cinched us together then pushed on me to rise. “Okay, you can get up now,” he said as if I had purposefully prolonged the awkwardness. 
We stood like a pair of Siamese twin gorillas at the back of the line as the other jumpers likewise stood with their buddies. I flashed a phone picture of Amanda with Emily both smiling. (Man, how did she look that good in harness, goggles, and helmet? I am such a lovesick puppy.) Then I took a selfie of Crash and I, while Crash flashed the hang-loose sign with his fingers.
I looked at my altimeter and it read 15,000 feet, panic time. A light turned green at the back of the plane and the first pair of Buddies disappeared as the line moved toward the door. Up until that point it was just a nice plane ride in uncomfortable clothes. Now the reality hit me, flushing my stomach like a toilet. As I watched more and more Buddies jump, I instinctively reached my hand out to touch the wall, my way of saying, Wait a tick. 
Then Amanda turned and looked over her shoulder at me. She smiled then gave me a thumbs-up. I had to act brave, smiled, and gave her a thumbs-up in return. Each shuffling gorilla step Crash and I took made the anxiety flow like the slow climb in a rollercoaster as you creep up the first hill, awaiting the drop to come. When I watched my dear Amanda tumble out of the back of the plane with a yelp of surprise, I knew I couldn’t chicken out now, despite the fact that every cell in my brain was shouting, this is crazy, this is balls up crazy.
I felt the biting cold air rushing against my face as I neared the door, my shoes not stepping but sliding on the riveted aluminum floor of the plane as Crashed pushed me from behind. Holy shit! The drop made my stomach leave me, the frigid driving wind seemed to blow my lips out over my ears, and like Crash had warned, I just held my breath waiting for the sensation to stop. After a few seconds, Crash was hitting my shoulder and my fogged mind remembered to make the Y. Just like a rollercoaster, anticipation of the fall was worse than the actual fall, and I wondered why I was so worried. Crash yelled some scream of joy, but the wind blew his words away into the blue yonder. We began to float on the massive cushion of air in the atmosphere, so I finally felt calm enough to take a breath. I stopped worrying about death and took in the sight of the patchwork quilt of countryside below. Luckily there were no clouds in sight. Then I looked to my right and below seeing Amanda and Emily tumbling, wobbling for a minute, then turning to a steady drift. I guessed the loss of control came from Amanda having her own idea about some technique or another. Perhaps Amanda thought Em wanted a Chinese Y or one in Sanskrit, being that she knew how to make each. God, she was nimble.
We dropped in the silence and sunshine, while I gazed out over miles of America. The perspective was calming and illuminating while our speed was deceptively slower than I feared. Just when I got confident and my heart had returned to my chest, Crash tapped me again. What the heck did he want? I’m busy. Wow, was it chute time already? I folded my arms as the jolt of the chute opening pulled my harness up my legs coming to an abrupt painful stop when the harness ran out of leg, if you know what I mean, hello! We began a slow drift that was more relaxing than scary. My face returned to its normal shape and I smiled. Crash took control of the chute lines and spun us in gliding circles as we drifted lazily over the earth. So, this is how birds feel. Pretty cool. As we approached the landing zone, I watched as the other jumpers hit or missed the big X in the field, most falling into the turf. The fact that everyone got up and walked after landing seemed a good sign. We were drifting close enough to hear Emily shouting instructions and Amanda giving more of her opinions as they came to earth. 
 “But we’re under a 1000 ft!” I heard her say, and, “There’s a cross wind; 10 knots or better! Shouldn’t you…”  
“Chill! I got this!” Emily said, and looked like she momentarily lost focus, so they came in a little too fast. Amanda’s little legs took several running steps before they folded, and she and Emily landed hard. Happily, they both popped up smiling and laughing. “See! I got ya down safe,” concluded Emily. 
To which Amanda raised her hand and her mouth started to form a comment, then she calmed and threw up a smile. “Great job!” she said giving Emily a brief hug.
Then, it was my turn and Crash’s. I started fearing I needed to make running steps like Amanda, but when Crash struck the ground with his bent knees and big booted feet, we stuck like glue in a perfect landing. Crash corralled our chute and unhooked me, “Awesome job dude!” he said slapping me on the shoulder over and over. I stood dazzled by the experience and slowly took off the confines of my helmet. “Remember, I saved your life!” Crash added.
I smiled trying to mentally acclimate to the fact that I had survived, when Amanda jumped into my arms, wrapped her thin legs around my waist, and put her arms around my neck asking, “Willy, was that the coolest thing ever?” Feeling her against me, I had to agree that it was and nodded with long strokes of my head.
Then oops, I looked too deeply into that glowing face and got lost. Quack, quack, dead duck. “You’re an amazing woman.” 
I know shouldn’t have, but I just couldn’t stop myself. She beamed and held my gaze, her face ruffling as if she were debating her reaction. Then she grinned confidently. “I know.”
“Plane’s right there. You wanna sky dive again?” I asked sensing something phony in her uncharacteristically joyous yet nervous display to have survived. Rather than admit her utter terror, she tried to convince everyone and herself everything was great.   Her normal victory dance, as I had seen so many times, was like a smiling waltz and I knew this wasn’t it.
“No!” Amanda said vigorously shaking her head and laughing, “Not a friggin’ chance! That was like super tall angel heights, on tippy toes--I wanna go to heaven but not quite yet!” She tapped my head, “Hey, why didn’t you warn me,” she joked.
Then there it was that smile, that tough-to-earn laugh, that glow, that penetrating gaze. Our eyes locked and it felt like old times. I fell into dead duck syndrome just as I had done the first time I looked into those addictive eyes. I just stared at her with an uneven look on my face. A sense of awe grew from a mere tingle in the back of my neck to a vast cloud that consumed me. I just couldn’t help it. Surviving certain death together had somehow bound us even more. I had to wonder, was this something that just happens, or had she planned this all along from the moment she made her seemingly innocent invitation? Was she trying to make “us” happen again, or am I just a romantic schizo pile of ass hopelessly hopeful?
We looked at one another for so long, her smile had time to slowly drain over the course of several breaths, and her face became sober. “What?” she asked softly while the scientific instruments in her brain studied my face.
Was she testing me? Was this the moment I was supposed to rise up and be honest? Like the moment I had had the courage to take the hand she offered at the party when we first met. If I were wrong, her rejection would flatten me again. I debated crawling back into the friend zone and playing it safe. It was the wise play, but I couldn’t take it anymore. I didn’t have a red cape or a big “S” on a suit under my shirt. Why couldn’t I just be a luv-em-and-leave-um dude? I slipped in, took hold of her head, and gave her a super long soft kiss with hungry lips trying to control themselves. When I pulled away, I paused, searching her face for a sign I should apologize, but she just smiled. For an instant I debated kissing her again. If she turned her head away, I would be a dead-man-kissing. I gave her another shorter kiss feeling nothing but acceptance from her then pulled back again. 
She studied my face, at first in surprise then with a smile trickling into it. Now it was my turn to curiously ask the never answered, “What?” Had I been right about the test? Had I passed? But she stayed silent while holding her pleased look, so I put her down, then put my arm around her, and we walked to the truck both speechlessly pondering what had just happened and not wanting to say anything stupid to ruin the mystery. It was like early in our relationship when we played the game of who-admits-it-first. 
When my mind became aware of the world beyond Amanda, I sensed a circle of divers around us watching, then applauding, led by Crash. “Whoooo, that is the way to land!” he hooted pointing at us emphatically. “Way to go Dude and Dudette!”
 “Get a room!” shouted someone, half-jokingly and half in bitter jealousy, making the circle laugh in agreement.
I smiled to the crowd trying to laugh it off, while Amanda seemed to not even notice them and stared ahead with focus. Amanda speechless? That rarity should tell me something, but what? I listened to the relentless whirl of emotional gears and analytical turbines of thought running in her head, wishing I was in there understanding what she felt or better yet, was at the control panel of it all. I remember the days when we lived inside each other’s minds and I had no reason to wonder like this. Instead, I was left to guess and hope what her silent intensity meant.
After we passed, Crash spun in a circle searching the area around him before looking at the ground, “I gotta get me a chick, too…and a new snowboard.”

***

CHAPTER 15- The Mess Unravels

Circa September 2019 New York, NY  USA
We’ve got trouble



ARCHIE
             “You don’t know where the hell they are?” I asked Eva as we sat in the coffee shop and sipped lattes. 
           “He was gone early, that’s all I know.” She sipped her latte then looked bitter. “And I had plans for him this morning- big plans.” She glanced over her cup at me for my reaction.
          “Amanda didn’t answer her phone. She mumbled something about wanting to go skydiving or some nonsense like that. I wonder if she was silly enough to go through with it.” I tapped my phone and the screen showed both William and Amanda’s dots together moving somewhere in New Jersey. I jolted as a thought hit me. “They’re doing it. Do you believe it? William skydiving, you know what could happen?”
            Eva whistled and gestured and with her fingers like a bomb dropping to the table and exploding. “That guy can sure find a lot of different ways to die.”
            “Tell me about it,” I said shaking my head. “Often with your help…You’re not having any chute lines snipped or anything are ya?”
           Eva shook her head and shrugged. “Moi? Why would I? He’s right where I want him and you’re fooling Amanda. What could be better?” She leered over at me as if she expected a reaction. Eva raised her cup to her lips, then laughed. “Wouldn’t it be hilarious if they went together, thud, thud from 15,000 ft! Then it would just be you and me.”
           I felt a sudden panic that my fears would come true. “God, he wouldn’t do that. He’d be the one whose chute wouldn’t open. I hope he wouldn’t take Amanda down with him.”
          Eva sipped again. “Look at it this way, if he dies in front of Amanda, there goes her number One and there you are to console her for yet another lifetime.”
I nodded. That would have its upside. “But that would ruin things for you.”
“You’re right,” she said sipping again and seeming thoughtful. “I’d have to deal with you chasing after that bitch for another life cycle. God, I hope he doesn’t thud with her. I’ve got plans for him today.”
          “What page 76?”
          “Better than that. I’m gonna see if he likes to watch.”
          “Hey, I like to watch.”
          Eva just looked at me. You could almost see her forehead wrinkle with thoughts racing in all directions on all of her processors.
  I sipped my cup then looked up to see her looking at me provocatively. “What?”
“Number 63? What is it?” she challenged.
“One of your favs?”
“No, just what is it? I wanna know if you really know your stuff.”
“Crouching tiger, happy?” I studied her face. “What you wanna crouch for me…Tiger?”
“Maybe,” she said with flirty eyes. “William missed his chance. I was gonna tiger crouch him bigtime.”
 “You know what Isaiah asked me the other day?”
“No, thrill me,” she said totally blasé, not bothering to look up.
“He said that he knew angels had devious little schemes.”
“Imagine that,” Eva said. “Who would’ve thunk?” she added unimpressed.
“You think he knows what we’re doing?”
Eva looked up and stared at space for a long moment. “I sure hope not. Not me anyway.”
“If William and Amanda were meant to be, it would happen. We just pick up the pieces after they fail. Right?”
Eva snapped her fingers in my face, “Arch, are you on planet Earth or planet Delusion? Trying to lie to yourself is no way to clear your conscience.”
“You think I’m really part of William’s problem? No, right?” I asked looking for encouragement.
         Eva paused, reached out, and tapped my hand on the table. “Archie boy, you are all of his problem. You know it. I know it. Our friggin’ waiter knows it,” she said. “You just can’t give up on little Amanda, now or a thousand years ago. Face it, you have a wee addiction problem,” she said making a sour face and two fingers hovering closely together.
“Oh, I’m the one with the addiction problem but it’s okay if you just use William and discard him like trash?”
Eva smiled. “Yeahhhhh,” she said sliding back and forth in her chair and waving her hand in the air as if riding a bull. “Works for me.”
“Magic, right?”
“Oh, yeah,” she said continuing her ride just to make me envious of William and succeeding in sending a jolt of jealousy through me, common everyday human jealousy. I’d been on this planet too long.
I had to fire the jealousy right back at her and pointed at myself and nodded. “Me too!” That stopped her gallop and soured her face. I had no idea my situation with William and his failure to launch was so transparent. I had to rethink. “So, what’s our plan here? When are you letting William off the hook?” I asked authoritatively.
“Same day you leave Amanda,” Eva countered stubbornly.
We stared at one another for a long moment, sipped our lattes in unison, and then just went on with our lives. “You want another muffin?”
“I think three’s my limit,” she said tapping her belly.
“Yeah, do you remember food tasting this good when we were alive? I don’t think so. Lots of calories though.”
“Don’t know, don’t care,” she said finishing the last bite. “Ummm,” she said with satisfaction. “Sex and pastries are so much better this time around.” Then her focus changed. “What you got planned for today except Chocolate chip cookies?”
“Same ol’ wienies afraid of love, afraid of intimacy, Blah, blah, blah. Have a bunch of clients on a yacht later. Hope the champagne is chill.”
“Sounds like hell,” she said as we both paused then laughed at how we both were living escapist lives.
“Yeah, hell…What do you have planned?
“The usual. I’m thinking William and a steak dinner or just a dinner of William. Can’t decide,” she said before giving me a piercing look seemingly gauging my reaction.
“You animal! With your devious plans!” I said to disguise being hurt. Who was she kidding? I was sitting right here, a USDA prime grade filet.
At first Eva smiled, but then I didn’t like the way she quartered her head and looked aimlessly out the window for a second too long. “Something wrong?”
She looked down at the table and sighed. “Maybe.”
“What?” I asked concerned for her look and troubled for how it might affect me. When she ignored me, I asked again, “What?”
“What happens if I sorta like this? I mean this.” She gestured back and forth between us.
“I like this, too, always have.”
She nodded slowly appearing suddenly solemn and unsure but disappointed. “Okay.”

***

WILLIAM
Amanda is always full of thoughts and energy, but the dive had turbo charged her. Facing her fear and conquering it made her feel glorious about herself. She wanted to do more. She wanted to do everything and now. As we drove home over a meandering aimless course, we changed plans and directions over and over upon seeing signs for amusing little towns, or restaurants, or antique stores. We had lunch in a pleasant little overpriced inn, agreeing that the food at a café we’d frequented while we were dating had been much better. Suddenly I felt a rebirth of the finishing-each-others-sentences days of our relationship. So, we bee-lined for New York with plans to meet at the café later. It was great to see her happy, surrounded by a golden aura as she had been months before with me. We hurried back to the city, and I stopped in front of her apartment and turned toward her. “I’ll pick you up at six.”
“Great!” she said giving me a thumbs up.
“Hey, why don’t I get us tickets for the comedy club after?”
“What? Are you reading my mind again?” she asked, smiling. “Next we’re gonna start…”
“Finishing each other’s sentences?”
“Again?” She mused for a second, turned to open her door, then turned back to me. “I am so glad I asked you to dive with me today.”
“Yeah, it’s been great,” I said, understating how I really felt. “And Crash didn’t crash.”
“That was a good thing. Okay, see you in a bit,” she said beginning to open her door, then turning and giving me a quick kiss.
I watched her walk toward her apartment. Come on, come on, I thought to myself. Then near the door she turned her head back to look at me and smiled. She gave a little wave, then slipped into the front door. That was all I needed, Yes! There was no escaping her, but who wanted to?

***

ARCHIE
“We’ve got big trouble.” 
Eva had called me, panicked. I set my Gouda and prosciutto back down on my plate as I overlooked the marina from a deck chair on my client’s yacht. “What are you talking about?”
“Apparently they survived skydiving. He dropped off Amanda but now he’s driving around the city. Is there anybody new on his screen?”
The thought of them spending the day together simmered in my brain so I barely heard Eva’s question after that. The thought of them back together sent a chill though my head just as I could tell it did in Eva’s panicked voice. Neither of us were ready to let them go. “No, I just checked,” I said sipping some champagne. “How could that happen? I thought floozy removal was your assignment.”
“I don’t know. I thought I was doing a pretty good job of it. I got rid of someone named Samantha, then Ashley. Yesterday, some floozy named Teresa called while he was in the shower and I convinced her to fuck off by telling her I was William’s fiancé. But tonight, he’s going out with someone else. And he seems…happy! You have to follow him. I sure can’t.”
“Wait, he turned you down for some other chick?” I exclaimed.
“Yuk it up while you can laughing-boy. Remember, I’m the one with the boobs. We need to know what’s going on.”
“We or you? Let me think about this.” I tried to quickly take inventory. Was Eva the one in trouble here or both of us? William was a loose cannon Eva would have to deal with.  I needed to shore up things with Amanda. “Maybe, you should stop trying to seduce him and become a nun.” 
“Maybe, you should take my advice and let the bitch fall for once.”
The phone went quiet for a long moment.
“Yankees playing tonight?” Eva said changing the subject.
“Yeah, Perez is pitching,” I said continuing off the subject.
“He’s left already, you’d better hurry.”
I thought for a moment as I swirled my champagne in the glass. “I’ll take care of everything.”
“God doesn’t that sound frightening,” said Eva after a short pause.
***

WILLIAM
I pulled up to Amanda’s apartment and was lucky to find a parking spot right away. I picked up the red rose off the passenger seat and pushed my way out of the car. As I walked to the front door to her building, I felt like we were on our first date all over again. I brushed my hair back and buzzed her apartment. I didn’t get an answer, so I tried again…and again. I was a little early, so I figured maybe she was getting her face on or whatever it is that women do to get ready. When a stylishly dressed man threw the door open wide, I slid through it before it locked shut and took the elevator to her floor. A smile spread across my face as I knocked on the door. I knocked louder, then louder still. No answer. An older couple passed me in the hall and gave me a suspicious looking over, registering their disdain for the noise. “Can’t hear me I guess,” I mumbled as an excuse, but they still gave me the fisheye. 
When there was no response to my next knock, I pulled out my cell phone and called Amanda. There was no answer but through the door I heard a phone ringing in her apartment. I hung up and dialed again, and the phone started to ring again inside. Now I was panicked. Amanda had her mobile phone grafted onto her ear over a year ago. She wouldn’t be caught dead without it. Dead? 
Blood flowed in me like a cresting wave. In one adrenalin-filled extension of my leg against the lock, my foot pushed the door open splintering the doorjamb. I rushed through the hall, into the main room, and then into her bedroom and bath without a sign of her. I dialed her phone again and found it merrily ringing on the counter that separated her kitchen from the main room. It made no sense. She and I had had a wonderful day with plans for more of the same. Now she was just gone?
I looked at her door and began to feel stupid. What if she was just down the hall or ran down to a shop for something? I tried to piece the doorframe back together, but knew it was a goner. At least the lock still worked. She’s gonna think I’m a jerk. But after waiting till after 7:15 for her, I timidly pulled the door shut. Three tries later it sort of closed, and I left hunching sheepishly down the hall.

***
CHAPTER 16 -The Yacht

Circa September 2019 New York, NY USA
Why couldn’t I be a Jedi instead of this?



ARCHIE
I knew I’d agreed with Eva to follow William and find out who his new squeeze was, but another fresh batch of bacon wrapped sweet and sour shrimp arrived at the hors d’oeuvre table, the champagne was still flowing, and the afternoon sun had just dropped to the perfect warmth and angle on my face. So, I decided to just go on with my life instead.
The thought of Amanda spending the day with William ricocheted around in my head. I needed to reel Amanda back in and keep her away from him. Plus, I needed to know how their stupid skydiving adventure had gone. I rubbed my chin for a second then smiled when I thought of the perfect carrot to put in front of Amanda’s nose.  Not ten feet away on the yacht stood Jason Tzu, a client she had been trying to land for months. I’d call her and let her know he was here.  She couldn’t refuse the chance of a meeting. 
Jason was the first-generation son of wealthy parents emigrating from Hong Kong. His parents represented the old China and Jason was a hybrid of the old blended to a more aggressive American nature. The result was a boom for the Tzu Group’s assets. I promised to introduce her if she would only join me for a few minutes at slip seven of the marina. I told her the champagne and hors d’oeuvres were marvelous and that this was a golden opportunity for me to introduce her to him while his guard was down, and the champagne was flowing in his veins. And I warned her to stay away from the bacon wrapped shrimp; those were mine. I lied to her that he was off to Europe tomorrow and if she didn’t want him spending his money in Euros, she better get her remarkable ass down here pronto. At first, she said no she had plans at 6:00 PM, then she was reluctant but considering it. Despite my hypnotic charm she was somehow resisting me. Can you believe it? Even when I told her Tzu was actively looking to invest in charities like her Female Enterprise fund, she refused. She didn’t give in until I told…okay until I lied to her that it would only take a few minutes and she would be back home easily before her turning into a pumpkin before her commitment at 6:00PM.
“Ugh, I’ve got other things to do! Okay, Archie, okay. I’m half-dressed now but if I super rush, I can make it,” she said hurriedly.
“Half? That’s just the way I like you. You’ll be very popular here.”
“You know what I mean, pervert.”
“That’s what you love about me.”
“Oh yeah, I knew there had to be something,” she said more sarcastically than I liked.
“Oh, he just moved downstairs, with a red head. You better hurry or we’ll miss him.” I lied as Tzu stood six feet away staring out at the harbor with his little eye-glassed munchkin face.
“All right! I’ll hurry!” she said before clicking off the call.
When Amanda arrived, she looked a bit frazzled but still amazing. I approached her near the gangplank with a big smile and open arms. “I am so excited. He’s amazing! I can’t believe he’s here!” I exclaimed as I wrapped my arms around her.
“Who? Jason Tzu?” she said into my shoulder.
“No…me!” I said pulling away. She smirked, a little. She always was a hard laugh. “Where have you been? I’ve been trying to call you.”
Amanda’s face suddenly panicked, and she dug in her small bag. “I don’t believe it! I forgot my phone. That’s what I get for hurrying,” she said dejected. “Can I use your phone later?”
“Sure.”
“Remember, I gotta be outta here by 5:30 latest.”
“No, problem,” I said acting cool, but still concerned what this 5:30 business was about. It was my first hint that her skydiving with William might have landed right on target.
 Then she glanced cautiously around. “So, where’s Tzu?”
“In good time, my dear,” I said putting my arm around her and leading her up to the bar. I got us both champagne, and, despite not drinking, Amanda downed hers in a few rushed nervous swallows.
“Is that him?” she said seeming a bit intimidated motioning with her head toward a man in his forties surrounded by women. Obviously, she had never seen herself or there would be no sense of threat from those bimbos. I was the proudest man on the boat to have her beside me. I handed her another glass. “No need to rush.” then I gave her a wicked nudge and wink, “Could I interest you in a quick look at one of the staterooms below decks?”
 Amanda gave me an irritated look. “I thought you said this would only take a few minutes.” Then she smiled. “Oh, that’s right a trip with you below decks would only take a few minutes.”
 I frowned and began to wonder what made her so biting tonight. Her mind seemed flushed and somewhere else. Her usual entrepreneurial focus was sitting in the back seat. “Ouch, a wee bit sarcastic tonight, aren’t we? Always in a rush- guess it’s that turbo charged brain of yours. So, I guess that’s a no to seeing the staterooms.”  I took a drink, swallowed the rejection, and tried to be cool. “Well, let’s have a minute together to establish you in the room, then I’ll introduce you. You can follow my lead. Sound good?”
She had no time to answer as the nasally voice of Jason Tzu drifted over my shoulder, “Archie, have you been holding out on me? Who is this ravishing woman?”  It wasn’t a James Bond sounding voice, unless James had a cold or sinus trouble. He turned toward Amanda and took her hand. “I am Jason Tzu.”
“Amanda Easton,” she said with a smile and slight nod of her head. “I’ve heard so much about you. It’s a pleasure.”
“You know- I’ve heard a lot about you, too,” Tzu said smiling then turning to sneer at me, “But not a word from this guy.” I shrugged, kind of my version of the Jedi block. Didn’t work.
“Really? I’m flattered,” Amanda said with a genuinely humble air.
“Yes, your flourishing PolymerTech division that you formed out of a half dozen nobodies, you won the McNichols Community Service award two years running, soon to be three, and I saw you testify in Washington regarding Chinese Plastic Tariffs, plus that forward thinking article you wrote for Plastic’s News. I could go on but those alone are remarkable accomplishments. Brains and a radiant heart, a rare combo.”
“Wow, now I’m impressed,” she said decidedly turning her body language away from me and toward Tzu. All I could think was, crap.
“Yesss, they tell me you’re normally the smartest person in the room.”
Amanda was momentarily flustered then after a pause smiled with confidence. “Then I guess I need to find myself another room or get some better people!”
“Yesss.” Nodded Tzu. “I whole heartedly agree. At Tzu Group we have many rooms and challenging people.”   He leaned in toward her, and his sick smiling puss started making me feel nauseous, “Tell me, what makes you think my Advanced Plastics is in play?” he said in a low tone. “That is why you’re here. Is it not?”
I watched as Amanda swallowed in surprise, aware that she was no longer the hunter, but the hunted. Her confusion seemed like concern that Tzu had been lying in wait for her. Suddenly the dynamics of the meeting had changed. She glanced at me for an explanation, so I shrugged, then she squared to him and focused her gaze holding up a swaying finger.” A lady never tells.”
By his sudden curious silence and beaming smile, I could tell she had hooked him. Another clue was his eyeballs large and jumping out of their sockets like a cartoon character as his VSM drank in the sight of her. With the colored lights of the party reflecting off her sequined dress every movement she made was like watching a fine champagne bubble. I already could tell, like me, he was a dead duck, plummeting uncontrolled from the sky and splashing into the Amanda pond. 
Tzu slid himself between us and began leading Amanda across the yacht. Can you believe it? And when I began to drift with them, Jason subtly extended his arm to hold me back.
I watched as they chatted and laughed their meandering way around the boat. It was sickening. Amanda took an opportunity to give me a wink as if to say thanks for introducing them. I gave her a smile and a wave, but when she turned away, I couldn’t help scowling, gesturing with my fist, and punching at Jason’s little pumpkin head. 
After twenty minutes, Amanda flashed back to me with a bounce in her step. I was expecting good things. Instead, I got, “Archie, when its 5:30 can you do me a favor and come over and interrupt me and Jason? I gotta get out of here then and you’ll be my excuse to leave, Okay? I’m just afraid I’ll lose track of time. It’s goin’ great.”
“What’s the rush then? Just stay and finish the deal.”
Amanda scowled at me, “Something’s are more important than deals, believe it or not. 5:30 can I count on you?”
“You can trust me, 5:30 on the dot,” I said, feeling only slightly guilty about what I knew that she didn’t: that the boat was leaving to cruise the harbor from 5:00 – 9:00 PM. She could kiss her 5:30 meeting goodbye.
“Great, you’re the best.” Then she bounded away.
This wasn’t the plan. I was supposed to introduce her to a billion-dollar venture capitalist, not hand my girl over to a horny playboy. Well, Jason wasn’t your standard playboy. He was shortish with glasses, but the cocky bastard had a billion little green friends. As the evening wore on and they sat at dinner together with more smiling and laughing and smiling and laughing, I could feel the acid bubbling in my stomach. Why did they have to laugh so much? What could that little bastard have to say that was so God damned funny? And Amanda was a tough laugh! She looks like a statue even after most of my best material. He wouldn’t be laughing so much if he knew what his soulmate chart looked like. He had literal cobwebs on his screen. Of course, he was my client too. I get all of the easy ones. And yes, it’s true, all the money in the world doesn’t make it any simpler for you to find your soulmate. But it does make the waiting a lot more fun. And without it, a woman like Amanda wouldn’t be glued to every flaccid word coming out of his tiny rabbit toothed pie hole. As time wore, I just drank, watched them, and drank and drank. If he made a move to show her the staterooms below decks, I was gonna pop him one for sure. I gripped the neck of a champagne bottle and smiled as I felt its weight as a club. Little men fall over boat railings and drown, right? Happens all the time. I knew Isaiah would frown on killing a client, but hey he was askin’ for it. If his boney little fingers got any closer to Amanda, he’d be pleading for it. If you don’t understand my concern, I would have to wonder if you’ve ever seen Amanda? I mean really seen her. 
I sat at the bar and tried to console myself with another glass of champagne and a small plate of sweet and sour shrimp, okay a large plate…two. Then I looked up to see a familiar face of another of my clients standing by the rail at the back of the yacht. It was late forties Simone Dreyfus dressed in an elegant dress standing beside her husband. He and his money were the reason she never took notice of her number one, who I had flashed under her nose on numerous occasions. Money was the prime cardinal sin in the soulmate business but there were others. Money, convenience, and career were the main causes for missing your intended. Thanks to them, my soul mating works a lot less often than it should. You can tell the ones that are open and aware; not frozen with fear or doubt. They make my life a whole lot easier. Simone’s gonna crash and burn this time around in the little box she’s built around herself. 
I glanced around the room. Jason and Simone were the only clients I had, but I recognized the looks and behavior of those needing my help, afraid of my help, those that were trapped, and those beyond help. Hey, we try our best but sometimes you make it hard on us. The body language told it all. There was the party animal-good time-Charlies who partied their way right past everything that mattered and woke up alone years later. There were the stick-in–the-muds who sat quietly across the table from one another, stuck in something comfortable or at least workable. There were the outsiders prowling around with dates they barely looked at, people who were obviously not their number one or one hundred. Us Guardians could see the fusion aura around people and when the aura merged so did the people, but when they didn’t it was like individuals stuck in a cell. I didn’t worry cause Jason barely glowed, and the color of his aura failed to blend with Amanda. Who am I kidding? I worried anyway, little weasel.
I saw a lot of people I could help, but when the champagne refill tray floated by, I grabbed one and decided to go on with my evening.
Promptly at 5:30 I found Jason and Amanda at a table inside the main lounge one deck below speaking actively while they leaned in toward one another. Apparently, they had already reached the critical ROI and synergy savings level of their relationship. “Sorry, to interrupt your wild financial mumbo jumbo party, but you asked me to remind you when it was 5:30. Don’t you have a meeting or something?”
Amanda smiled to Jason. “Excuse me,” she said before rising and pulling me aside. “You didn’t tell me this was a cruise!” she complained but in an emphatic whisper.
“I figured you knew. There’s a big sign at the dock and- everything,” I defended.
“We were talking and a minute later all I saw was water! When can I get off?”
“With me; anytime you want,” I said arching my eyebrow over and over.
Amanda flushed with disgust. “The boat! When can I get off the boat?”
I shrugged. “The cruise is till 9, so 9PM I guess, unless you’re a good swimmer,” I said smiling. Then I looked at her and thought about it. My face turned to dejection when I realized. “Christ, I bet you are.”
Amanda’s face shook with frustration. “Don’t worry I’m not leaping off this boat.” She looked at the shoreline. “I’ll bet I could do it, but I’m not ruining this dress.” Then she dug in my coat pocket for my phone, dialed, and nervously waited for an answer that didn’t come. She slapped the phone back into my hand. “Thanks a lot, Archie,” she said sarcastically. “Like a lot!”
“How’s it going with money bags?” I asked to change the subject, “Sounded like you guys are getting ready to merge,” I said interlocking the fingers of both hands. Inside I did a balancing act. I wanted to addict her to the value I could be to her career with deals like this, but it was painful to watch her smile at anyone but me. Then I felt guilty that my addiction to her blinded the image I had of myself as an angel. Somehow, I tried to ignore the cracks in my career that Isaiah had already noticed, and Eva had openly told me were there. I put a board under every step she took, but what else could I do? How many shooting stars were like Amanda?
“It’s going fine. It’s hard to keep my mind on what he’s saying and to figure out if he’s interested in selling Advanced Plastics or buying me. He’s like offer me five jobs already. But he did say he would recommend me to run Advanced if we buy it. So that’s something.” 
“Wow! Promotion time again. That’s my girl!”
Then she turned toward Jason, “If you’ll excuse me,” she said and walked back to her table with Mr. Billion-error. After a minute of staring at her and fantasizing, my mind snapped back to the yacht around me. I watched her laughing with Jason and began wondering which railing Jason would fit best falling over. What tie would I wear to his funeral? I spread two fingers an inch apart until the image of Jason’s head was lined up between them and squeezed my fingers together. I felt better.

***

WILLIAM
I went to the comedy club. No use wasting the tickets. But I didn’t laugh. I listened to the opening act and part of the headliner’s spiel, but then just spontaneously got up and left. “Really funny. Mimes are hilarious,” I sarcastically called at the stage. 
All my calls to Amanda went unanswered. It seemed like I’d lost her again. You ever chase a shadow? It’s frustrating; believe me, like a gold coin on a string they keep pulling away when you reach for it. Hell, her hair wasn’t bouncy when she left, was it? Nay, I looked. I tried one more call after I got outside the club. When my phone’s battery went dead, I lost it. The frustration turned to a boil and exploded in my head. I rifled my phone against the brick walled entrance, and then came back to earth after I heard the crash and twang of breaking plastic. People around glanced at me, some with concern that I was nuts and some feeling the empathy for my frustration. Hey after all, this was New York. I took a calming breath and wondered; did I buy that phone insurance? Great, just great. No phone? My life is over. I was embarrassed that I had broken her door. But worst of all, there was no way to tell her any of it or know what had happened to her. So, you assume the worst. She didn’t tell me she would be dropping me from a plane in the afternoon too. Standing here was a long way to fall from where I had been that morning with her wrapped around me. I hunched my shoulders and started to walk back home. Damn it.
I slumped down the hall to the door of my apartment, glanced at Eva’s door, then fumbled to open my lock. When the lock finally opened, I turned when I heard Eva’s door crack open. We stared at one another for a long moment. She seemed to have a serious look on her face while my depression must have shown. Then she pushed up a smile and waved. I waved back.
“She didn’t show up, did she?” Eva asked. “I knew it. I can tell by looking at you. She’s not worth it.”
 My brain was not at full function having been smacked by Amanda, so I questioned Eva’s apparent insight for only a second. “Hey, can I use your phone?”
“Not if you’re callin’ that bitch.”
 I humped my way into my apartment as Eva slammed her door,

***

ARCHIE
When Amanda came up to me and asked to use my phone as the boat docked at 9 PM, I feared I had created a monster. I’d lost contact with her. Well, I’d lost control. That mind of hers was running like a finely tuned Ferrari race engine, and I wasn’t the driver anymore. She drifted away from me for privacy while the phone rang, then seemed really upset when it seemed no one answered. She slapped the phone back into my hand. “Thanks.”
“No answer?” I asked really thinking, Why is she so worried about this call when she’s making a billion dollar deal?
“Yeah, my six o’clock. Can’t find him at 9:00 for some shocking reason.”
“Whoever it is they’ll forgive you. I have, for abandoning me all night with Jason.”
“Oh, Archie,” she said with a smile coming to her face. “Your planned worked. I’ve an appointment with Jason for Tuesday morning. It seems the Advanced Plastics deal is in play.” then she looked at me seriously. “I thought you said he was going to Europe tomorrow.”
I shrugged. “Must have changed his plans. “
“Oh, well. Jason is…” she said sweetly.
“So, it’s Jason now, hey?” imitating the sweet pronunciation she gave his name.
Amanda looked at me squarely and put her hands on those testosterone-inspiring hips. “That is his name! He’s just a business contact. I’ll schmooze him and loose him. You taught me that, right? I got the meeting with him! Tuesday! Anyway, Jason’s limo is dropping me at home, so thanks for the intro.”  Amanda turned away then back toward me. “You think I should go?” she asked rhetorically then kissed me on the cheek.
The cheek? The friggin’ cheek? So, I grabbed her and gave her a kiss on the lips, but I could sense her mind and lips were elsewhere. Either that or someone had put a piece of salmon between our lips.
She pulled away and sighed. “Gonna have to try to salvage my six o’clock. He’s gonna be pissed. I feel terrible.”
“Six o’clock? Who is this now? I thought we could make a night of this.”
She waved her hand dismissively. “Oh, don’t get your panties in a twist. He’s just a friend.” Then she stopped and smiled. “He’s different. We really had a great day today,” she said looking a bit whimsically off in the distance.
 It made my blood boil, but I tried to keep my cool. In that moment all my fears became real. I wanted to remind her that I was still standing there, now playing third fiddle, but I knew I had it coming. “Does this old boyfriend have a name?” I know, I already knew the answer, but I just wanted to be sure. Ok, I’m a masochist. There, you happy?
She looked up and smiled, “William.”
The William knife jabbed my heart. Ahhh, he does this every time for friggin’ centuries! Was I jealous?  Was I ready to fight? Knowing William, he would figure out a way to blow it…again, so not to worry. He was about as capable of protecting her as a pieces of tissue paper could stop the German blitzkrieg.
Then suddenly the times I’d failed Amanda drifted down into my thoughts surrounding me like a steel cage. I would never let that happen again. I needed to protect her every step.
I knew what I should do but had no desire to do it. So, I did the opposite. “Why don’t you let me drop you? That way Jason won’t be tempted to ruin the night by- overstaying his welcome, so to speak. We could stop on the way and have a little celebration of your meeting with Ja-s-s-s-on,” I slurred. 
Amanda thought about it. “Sure, but just a quick one then I need to get home. William’s probably long gone anyway. I’ll tell Jason,” she said flittering to join him by the railing. I watched her work her BS on him. When he reached out with his puny hand then pecked her on the cheek with those fish lips, I imagined turning my full Jedi force push on him to send him right over the railing. I shot out my palm with full Jedi force but nothing. God, why couldn’t I be a Jedi instead of this?
I lifted my phone to call Eva. I thought of how this was the perfect time for her and I to fulfill our agreement to let Amanda and William go. Slam dunk, they’d be together by midnight and all this would be over. Yeah, all this unending anticipation, caring, excitement, beauty, and feeling of eternal connection would mercifully come to an end. Then I watched Amanda walking across the deck with Jason and watched her throw her hair and smile as she told Jason the bad news. I saw her eyes sparkle and sensed the vibrant life that floated around her in an aura. It reminded me how rare and fleeting moments like Amanda were in the long flowing string of time. No wonder I couldn’t let her go. Have you experienced Amanda? Then I tucked the phone back into my pocket and forgot about Eva. I took one more look at Amanda with the light sparkling off her sequined dress and shook my head. I wasn’t ready to give her up yet. No one could protect her like me.

***

CHAPTER 17 – Seduction

Circa September 2019 New York, NY USA
Pineapple!



WILLIAM
When a knock came on the door, I knew it was Eva and that I wasn’t in the mood to deal with her. I had just put on some jeans and was preparing for a long phoneless night of self-debasing depression and reading a couple more chapters of Abuse for Dummies. Amanda disappearing on me and bitterness about Mr. Perfect swirled in my head. The more I thought about it, the angrier I got. Eva would be interrupting my whole marvelous plan. I was right when I opened the door and there stood Eva with a serious look on her face wearing the same tore jeans and vest she always seemed to have on.
“Hi, can you help me with something in my apartment?” she asked.
“Sorry, Eva, I’m not good company right now.”
She smirked and made light of my mood. “Come on, you are always good company. Please, William, it will just take a minute. I swear. I’m just not strong enough to move this stuff. I am such an idiot. Why do I build my statues so friggin’ big? I’m afraid I’ll break it… or me. Just a teeny tiny itty-bitty minute? I promise,” she said holding up her arm as if in a courtroom. “Did I mention left over roulade?”
I hesitated and stammered, trying to decide what to do. I was miserable but why should I drag her down too? “I mean it!” I said in mock seriousness, pointing a finger at her. “I’m in no mood for a wrestle or a cuddle.”
She held up her hand again. “No sickening wrestling and definitely no disgusting cuddling, yuck. I promise. Who‘d want to cuddle with you anyway? All those muscles and strong sexiness, forget that shit. I wouldn’t dream of separating you from your depression over some user bitch who doesn’t deserve you. Just move a couple of things, and you can be right back into your gloom. Hey, I’ll even kick you in the balls so you can fully appreciate what she’s done to you, if she hasn’t already.” 
Her joke made me chuckle and lightened my mood. “Okay.” When Eva began to swing her leg, I laughed and added, “I’ll pass on the kick. Already got mine.”
“I could set you up and spike you like a volleyball, just the way she does every time. I don’t even know her, but even I can see what she’s doing to you. Why do you keep going back?”
That one hurt almost as much as the kick because it was true. Amanda had come to me with the skydiving idea, given me hope, made me open up to her all over again, then spiked me into the ground, before ghosting me. Suddenly it dawned on me how cruel that was. “No thanks. Been there, done that.  I’ll be over in a minute.”
  “Great, I’ll leave the door open for you…You’re the best,” she said seeming to have fallen back into her shy quiet version of Eva.
I pointed a finger at her, “There had better be roulade in the oven.”
Eva smiled a knowing smile, “Oh, it’ll be nice and hot for you. Just the way
you like.”
              I closed the door, found a shirt, and mentally tried to convince myself Amanda’s disappearance was something I could just take in stride. I looked in the mirror, which was a mistake. There was a beaten man. But now thanks to Eva’s reminder, I felt sore in the groin and the volleyball brand name ‘Wilson’ was engraved in my forehead. I finished a couple pulls from a cold one, then sighed and staggered my barefoot way across the hall. I swung open the door to Eva’s flat, but saw no sign of her in the kitchen or in the forest of sculpture in the main room. I took a few more paces in to see her bed was empty. “Eva!” I called before my eyes found her sitting in a red leather chair up against the back wall. She was dressed only in a long white tee shirt, which she had lifted so that her right hand could find its way between her legs. Her fingers rubbed in small circles as she spread her legs for my benefit. She smiled and let out a sigh when she saw my shocked face. “Do you like to watch, William?” she asked with her deep breaths turning into moans. “I want you to watch me,” she said in a sultry tone.
“Oh, hell,” I said as the focus of my mind was upended by the vision of her
sexuality. “God damn it. Don’t do this today. I thought you said no cuddle.”
That only made her more determined to seduce me. “You call this a cuddle?” She plunged two fingers deeply into herself and closed her eyes with ecstasy. “Don’t you like what you see William?”
“Of course, you are one sexy woman, but…”
“But what? Don’t tell me you can leave me…like this,” she said going back to rub herself in circling strokes and moaning. “It will just take a minute, to give me what I want…what I bet you want too.”
Her blatant words and self-confident display had me excited and thinking up a thousand ways I could satisfy her and still get in a solid dose of despondent Amanda gloom tonight. Why should Eva suffer just because I was an ass? Do women get blue balls too?  I sighed and gave in. “Okay, what can I do for you?” I joked as it seemed obvious.
She moaned deeply and closed her eyes seeming excited by my offer. Then she slowed her rubbing and caught some deep breaths before giving out a wicked laugh. “See how you got me going?”
I stepped toward her, but she held up a hand to stop me. “You see William, I like to watch too.”
I stared for a moment uncertain of her plan until she smiled, nodded, and gestured for me to drop my pants. I unbuckled my belt while shaking my head, “You are one wild woman.”
“There are wild women and wild wild women. Then there is me,” she said confidently. Then when my pants fell revealing how excited she’d made me, she gave a big smile and a pleasured laugh. She gestured at my clothes. “All of it, take it all off,” she said while sliding the fingers of her free hand over her cheek. I undressed while she studied me and took deep breaths. The pace of her rubbing suddenly turned frantic. “Rub yourself for me William, rub it,” she instructed with a wild look in eyes as if she’d become another person. The raw sexuality of her tone was hard to resist, so I didn’t. Immediately I felt an out-of-control excitement come over me as I watched her. Both of our paces increased like we were racing one another. As her moaning increased, I began moaning with her and suddenly felt weak in the knees. 
“William.” She breathed heavily. “Look at me. Right now, I want you to imagine what you’d like to do with me. Whatever you want, just think about it. How would you get me? Tie me to the bed, pound me, make me beg…”
Each suggestion made me more excited so, I let out a groan.
She laughed. “Ummmm, that sounded good,” she moaned.
Suddenly she stopped, lifted her shirt over her head, got off the chair, and moved toward me on hands and knees. I stopped rubbing and stood anticipating the touch of her hands and mouth to finish me off. Instead, she lightly ran her fingers down my length and between my legs. Then she ran her lips gently over me almost coaxing me to a spontaneous orgasm. I wanted it. I closed my eyes and waited for it, excited by her teasing touch.
Then in an instant, she stopped. I opened my eyes to see her climb onto the bed. She moved on hands and knees looking seductively over her shoulder as she teased me with her backside. Then she lay on her side and smiled to watch the fire she had lit in me bursting into flame. She gestured with a curling finger for me to come over, then as I approached, she dropped onto her back and lifted her arms over her head. I slowly closed in and stood over her.
She spoke calmly, candidly, invitingly. “You remember when I asked what you’d most like to do to me?” I nodded. She smiled again. “Well, why don’t you do it to me right now?”
I accepted her invitation and slowly climbed on to the bed. I began at her feet and slid my arms up her legs and inside her thighs then followed them with kisses. “Anything I want?”
“Anything,” she said closing her eyes.
She had my imagination running like a sprinter. I forcefully spread her legs as wide as they would go, then took tee shirts and clothes to tie her arms and legs to the bed. After I’d knotted her last ankle, she pulled on the restraints and a flash of concern shot over her face. “I’m not sure I like this.”
I shook my head and raised my hand. “You said anything.”
 When I got up and left her, she again showed alarm, “Where are you going? I’m over here…You stop if I say ‘Pineapple’!””
I stopped and mused a smile. “You said anything I want.”
“Well, I meant anything I might like!”
I just turned, slipped into the kitchen, and proceeded to search her fridge and cabinets.
“What are you hungry now?!!”
I turned to her and smiled. “You’ve no idea how hungry.” I went back to the fridge and collected some ice, some syrup, a can of whipped cream, a fork, a candle, and a spatula before drifting back to her.
“Is that for me or you making a snack?! Sure, you got enough stuff?!”
I put the haul down on the nightstand. “No, nowhere near enough. Got you wondering, don’t I?” I asked slapping my palm with the spatula. Then I raided the drawer to her nightstand and found my suspicions to be correct, pulling out a vibrator and large colored dildo.
“Those aren’t mine,” she said in a halfhearted laughing denial. 
“They are now,” I said sliding onto the bed with cold determination that clearly made her uneasy.
“Pineapple! Pineapple!” Eva exclaimed but then chuckled seeming more delighted than concerned so I didn’t take her safe word seriously, in fact it excited me more.
 I turned on the vibrator and took hold of the dildo. The hum of the vibrator on her clit soon turned her moist so I slid the dildo into her as the vibrator hummed its work. A minute later I felt a sneer come to my face and lust pour into my heart as I mercilessly pounded the dildo into her and watched her writhe and moan.  Minutes later she was all mine submitting with glee to any tease or stimulation that struck my fancy. Eventually the sight of her sexuality and surrender grew too much for me, and I climbed on and plunged deeply into her. Instantly all of her arousal and climatic wave flowed into me as I pounded into her.
“Fucking Pineapple!” she exclaimed before a scream and long growling release. 
***

Later, after a short break, my eyes struggled to open. I felt an exhausted after glow that left me with no desire to move. All I could see was Eva hovering over me.
“You finally done with your little nap?” she asked in a suspicious tone.
“I just had to recharge a little.”
“You were an animal,” she said smiling.
“I am sooo ashamed,” I joked and we both laughed feeling the opposite of shame.
“You remember, I told you to do what you wanted?”
“Oh yeah,” I smiled.
“Well, it’s my turn now,” she said leaning over the edge of the bed and pulling my belt out of the loops on my pants. She doubled the belt over and slapped it against her hand as she returned to hover over me. 
“What exactly are we doing with that?” I asked with more than a shade of reluctance.
“Don’t worry,” Eva said sending the belt end through the buckle and forming a loop, “You ever come when you could barely breathe? Supposed to be a monster rush,” she said beginning to loop the belt over my head. Then she stopped and looked at me as if she had changed her mind and began shaking her head subtly. She blinked several times then took a deep breath and dropped the belt over my head. I studied her face for a long moment as it slid from indecision, to a fiendish smile, to anger, and then to a look of pure sexuality as she rocked her hips and slid herself over me.
I ran my hand over her cheek and smiled. “What is it?”
She lifted the belt and then dropped it back over my head. “I just want to make you happy,” she said rubbing herself over my chest. 
“Well, I’m suffering right now,” I joked.
A look of determination flowed over her face, and she reached for the belt and began pulling it tight. Her game was making me bored without sounding all that interesting, so I intercepted the loop of the belt with both hands, pulled it apart, and sent it flying onto the floor. 	
“I’ll bet there’s something else you’d rather do. I can tell by the way you’re moving. After all it is your turn.”
She smiled. “You noticed, huh?”
“Why don’t you come up here and do what you really wanna do,” I invited.
Eva let out a long sigh then crawled slowly up until she hovered over my face. She began rocking lightly sliding herself back and forth over my chin, lips, and nose. She sighed deeply and slowly began increasing the pressure on me. My lips and tongue knew what to do, and she began long excited moans. In a flash we were both deeply delighted and focused on one another, and the rest of the world drifted away. 
She began teasing me with her moans. She sped up her rocking and her sighs became closer together and louder, convincing me that she was ready to come. Then she would slow down and relieve the pressure on me, leaving me frustrated but more determined to send her out of control the next time. She did it over and over making me go after her more and more aggressively. Each time I was certain she would come in a wild frenzy. But when she backed off again, my breathing was getting fast, and I began craving her orgasm. 
She continued the tantric cycle of moaning and edging for a long time. Finally, she quickly began sliding herself over me faster and faster. My tongue felt how ready she was, and I began filling with excitement. As she moaned loudly, she reached back and pulled my hand off her hip and placed it over my shaft while encouraging me to rub myself. Then her hand drifted down between my legs, cupping, squeezing, and aggressively rubbing me to the point where pleasure came very close to pain.
“I want you to come with me, William,” she moaned as she slid over my mouth. 
The combination of sensations she was giving my mouth and between my legs ignited me into a blaze. I began moaning into her with the pleasure of my work. Between my own hand and her aggressive fingers, I had to battle back a massive desire to release. I struggled rolling my pelvis in an effort to free myself from her fingers and the rhythm they had found on just the right spot. I strained to hold on so we could come together. The swirling winds of pleasure in my head made me feel I wasn’t going to make it. 
Eva’s moans became non-stop, and she began groaning as if she had become a submissive victim to my tongue. The rapid rate of her rocking told me she didn’t want to control anything anymore. 
	“Give it to me, Eva!”
Then she gave a long deep moan and screamed. “I’m coming, I’m coming,” she exclaimed. She let out a strangled moan and shuddered on my face before letting out a loud scream as if in pain. I couldn’t contain myself any longer. A wave of ecstasy washed over me, and I pulsed puddles out over my abdomen. Eva leaned back for a moment, continued to lightly slide herself over me, and just breathed heavily. She savored the moment like that for a long time while we both just sighed and soaked in the contentment. Then she gave out a long-satisfied groan, “M-y-y-y-y God,” she said in delight before slipping off me and lying beside me with her head on my chest. “That was amazing,” she said in a sigh before kissing my pec. “That’s a roulade for you. You earned it.”  Then she looked down and with two fingers the artist in her began painting the puddles into a thin layer all over my belly, “It looks like someone had a good time.”
“You sure did,” I answered putting an arm around her.
“No, I meant you!” Eva chuckled.
I took a deep breath. “Sorry, I wouldn’t feel right without being honest with you. But I faked it.“
Eva laughed as she finished her painting, “You sure could have fooled me.”
“Yeah, I faked it. I’m just not that good at faking. Oh, by the way, Pineapple!”
Eva smirked, “Well, that was a little late wasn’t it? You feel all better now, release all that pent up stress… after what that bitch did to you?”
	Her comment had the reverse effect than she intended, and my reaction shocked her. It suddenly brought thoughts of Amanda to life in my head and reminded me about Amanda’s disappearance and what a weak ass I was to be here. Maybe I didn’t know what the hell I was doing here, but it wasn’t for a stress release or to get my rocks off. The very idea that that had become possible in my life turned my off switch. Images of Amanda smiling at the beach, assertively debating some minute point about a movie during a popcorn throwing fight, or her marvelous curves and slopes dropping onto the bed surrendering to me, flooded my brain. I didn’t deserve to escape the coils of emotions Amanda had me wrapped in. There was a reason for her ghosting me. I was overreacting. Running to another woman’s arms was not going to solve anything. I leapt off the bed and quickly gathered my clothes, mumbling that I had to go.
 “Great!” she retorted. “That’s the problem with American men. Two or three quick ones and you’re gone!”

***

CHAPTER 18 – The Power of a First Tear

Circa September 2019 New York, NY USA
Watching her every step



ARCHIE
Immediately after climbing into the limo and hearing the door slam, I could tell something was wrong. Call it my amazing sixth, seventh, and eight senses, but Amanda staring out the window aimlessly was a good clue, brooding silence was another.  “So, would you prefer Provocateur or the Rose Bar tonight?” I asked trying to change her mood.
“I don’t care. You pick,” Amanda said to the window.
I stared for a moment then shook my head in amazement. Even forlorn, Amanda was truly stunning. “You are so beautiful tonight,” I said.
Amanda sighed and ignored me, still staring through the glass.
My phone rang violently in my pocket. It was just Eva, and I declined the call. That made her ring again. So, to show her who was boss, I turned the damn thing off.
I sensed that my next comment risked having a squadron of flaming pins appear again and fly into my ass like dozens of bees I’d ethnically insulted, but I said it anyway, “Something wrong, babe?”
“I don’t know,” she confided to the glass, then turned to me. “Archie, could you just take me home?” A tear formed in the corner of her eye. “I just wanna get home, change my clothes, get my phone, and find William. It’s all very clear to me now. I don’t think this is what God’s plan is for me. I’m gonna straighten this whole thing out. I’ve been such a fool over nothing.”
“What about our celebration of your meeting with Tzu,” I said wanting to divert her from any thoughts of William and back toward wonderful, marvelous me.
“I don’t feel much like celebrating,” she said turning back to the window. “I feel like I screwed up- big time. Sometimes you just lose track of what’s really important. You know?”
“That’s crazy! Do you have any idea what this deal with Tzu could mean for you in this town? Close this deal and you’re a hop, skip, and a jump from being the company’s youngest CEO, just three years from now when ol’ Montgomery departs.”
Amanda’s expression turned questioning. “Iron-shorts is leaving? How do you know?”
I waved my hand and shook my head at my mistaken revelation. “Not important right now. You’re on the fast track. Trust me, I’ll help you get there. There’s a lot to celebrate.” I leaned forward to the driver and said, “The Provocateur. And don’t spare the horses.”
Amanda stared at the floor. “Tzu did say something about recommending me to head Advanced Plastics after we buy it from him. He said their CEO, Strickland, would be problematic in making the deal. Advanced needs new blood--like me, he said. He was more familiar with my CV than I am. Plus he offered a 5-million-dollar credit line for my Women’s Enterprise fund.”
“See, what did I tell you? There’s the ‘hop’ you need. Next comes the skip and then the jump.”  I smiled. “Running the Advanced division, at your age? Amazing,” I said savoring the moment. Then I felt vindicated. “Don’t ever dis ‘this’,” I said waving my hand over her in a circle. “This is powerful -You’re awesome.”
“No, Archie,” she said turning to me as the car pulled away. “This isn’t me. I could barely focus on what Tzu was saying. It’s a big deal, I should be excited, but I’m not. I went on that yacht reluctantly tonight. I really wanted to be somewhere else. Being there felt like someone had sprinkled fairy dust on me. I like being the real me, and this ain’t it!”
I laughed thinking of all the drugs I had seen people sprinkling, snorting, and drinking. “Someone probably did hit you with fairy dust!” I joked. “Is fairy dust a good high?”
“No, I’m serious. It’s like none of it was real. I didn’t belong there. No one there really cared who I was. Tzu only talked to me about Advanced because of this.”
“What you look like just got you in the door! You’ll make the real deal happen, like you always do,” I reassured. “Didn’t he say you were the smartest person in the room…brains and heart?”   But when the look on her face said she wasn’t buying it, I got frustrated and angry. “This is amazing,” I said pointing. “Don’t ever belittle this!” I said shaking my finger at her. “Wars have been fought over this. Honestly, have you ever seen yourself?”
 “Have you?” she attacked with fiery eyes.
She set me aback. I needed to reflect and paused a long moment. “Listen, I think we just need some time together away from all this. We could be at my Villa in Tuscany in a matter of hours. We’ll spend all the time you want figuring this all out, getting back together again. Some wine, some great food, some of my amazing back rubs, what do you say?”
Amanda gave me a cold look. “See? You think nothing about what’s really bothering me. You wanna go along as if nothing has changed. But it has. I have.” Amanda took a deep breath then sighed. Her long pause made me think I had her. Tuscany had never let me down before. Then she sliced into me with those penetrating hyperactive eyes. “Tell me why you’re with me.”
I tried to defend myself with a sarcastic huff. “Just look at you!”  Wrong thing to say. She pulled her hair away from the sides of her head then ran her hands over her cheeks. “In ten years this will all be gone. So, it can’t be all I’m about.”
“Believe me, you won’t be gone in ten years. I’m sure we’ll still be doing that thing you do with your back.”  She didn’t appreciate my humor and gave me a disgusted look. Despite my seeming lecherous pursuit, it was not just her beauty that was so compelling. I couldn’t tell her what a rare bright light she was. Her caring, her striving, even her assertive desire to make things better glowed in a cloudy world.  Yet in the ponderous chain of time, the best of her glow was merely that of a firefly, that shown brightly for a summer’s eve and was gone. Those ten years she talked about were merely a blink of an eye from my perspective of hundreds of years. Even being so fleeting, I couldn’t deny that her life force was an amazing desirable thing to behold. So, I tried to better answer her question. “Besides, you’re so smart and you know everything,” I struggled. 
Clearly, she was veering off in a direction I hadn’t imagined she’d go. Amanda laughed, looked at the ceiling, then smirked. “You say three things and not one of them is about love,” she said with a sarcastic laugh, burning the wide-open expanse of her eyes into me. “Maybe it’s you who hasn’t seen me.” Then she turned to the comfort of the window again, saying in a low tone,” William gets me. He knows how I can be sometimes. He expects it and loves me for it ‘cause it’s me.” Then she turned with a biting look. “Me, get it? He showers me with affection all day today, and what do I do?” She laughed and shook her head.” Come here and waste my time on all this…phony mess. Ever since William left I have this feeling I can’t shake that a part of me is missing and this ain’t it!” Then she paused a moment, returned to the window, and lowered her tone. “You don’t even know who you’re looking at. Success in life isn’t just deals and money. It’s about being me. It’s about my satisfaction with myself, how I honor God, and what I bring to this life. Balance, I need some friggin’ balance.” Coming from her, any ‘f’ word made me know she was serious. Her animation made her agitated emotional state clear.
“Is this something about Tzu? What’d he say to you?”  Amanda shook her head. “It can’t be about us?” Her silence was painful. Then I knew I risked summoning the flaming pins again. “It’s not about that Ex of yours- William, is it?” 
Amanda lowered her head, “I’ve got to straighten this out. I don’t wanna celebrate. Sorry.” Then she leaned forward and told the driver her address. “Take me home please.”

***

It hurt to watch Amanda hurry into her apartment building without ever looking back.  The reflection of the cars and city lights moved across my limo’s window in a frenzied flashing display. The sounds of the city were relentless, yet I was unaware of them all. My eyes were fixated on her. My mind was a focused tunnel yet alive with thousands of years of memories; determination yet doubt. 
I was a Cherub. My duty was to create the fusion of soulmates. But when it came to that little form of a woman I watched disappear into the building, I felt I had a higher purpose in protecting her. Someone needed to place a plank under her every step. That day hundreds of years ago still seared in my mind like it was here now burning in front of my eyes. I could never let her fall again. William couldn’t be trusted to defend her like I can.  He would let her down, so the job always fell to me. 
How could such a successful angel cloud his career and make himself open to Isaiah’s rath over just another human client? How could I frustrate William for centuries or allow Eva to use and torment him just to be with Amanda for a flashing second longer? William was my client, for pity sakes. I needed to stop this and just do my job. Come on Archie, you’re a Cherub just do what you do so well for everyone else. She’s just another human.  They come and go like a wind. If she falls, she falls.
Every time I reached this very point of crystal realization, the memories would begin to counterflow back into my head, reminding me why I had originally chosen my course. When I first began working with William, life was hard for humans. A nineteen-year-old was of average life expectancy. William dropping off a cliff, freezing, getting sick, or ending up a meal for an animal he was hunting were common. Weather, sudden horrible weather always seemed to get William.  I got used to it, no biggie. But I also got used to Amanda being a left over and always around. Over centuries, I got to know her well.  Hey, if you go to the same restaurant every night, eventually the waitress begins to know your name. It didn’t take long to see that she was different, a glowing star, like the Big Guy had plans for her.  I was sure he did.  She tried so hard to make things better using her wits and that determined drive. It wasn’t hard to fall in love with her heart and sympathize with her horrible circumstances. So, who wouldn’t want to give her a little help? We’re angels we’re supposed to be professional but not heartless. Shoot me, I tried to make her life a little more comfortable. I didn’t know Earth and all of its traps. I didn’t know love and its tenacious hooks. But she hooked me like a willing big mouth bass.
It seemed innocent at first. Simple stuff, you know? Anonymously giving her a little wood here for the fire, some food, scaring off a wolf, diverting an intruder, blah, blah, blah. She deserved that for how hard she tried. But then I couldn’t help but get to know her, speak to her about the day, empathize with her struggles, take on her incessant plans to improve the life of the community as if they were my own.  She was noble in a way, so she deserved help, right?
It all became routine.  William tried but…oops. So, I would step in. It went along for a while until somewhere in the Proto-Germanic period of 500 BC. They were in northern Germany just barely getting along. Boy back then, survival made the whole soulmate thing a tough sell and look secondary. I was like a door-to-door salesman trying to sell magazines to the blind.  I was off repairing some damage that Eva had brought to two warring tribes in nearby Gaul, something about a prince and a princess if I recall. Since Troy, it seemed it was always about that with her. While I was gone, I guess a neighboring tribe got hungry, or horny, or greedy, or all three. They attacked William’s undefended village one star-lit night, doing the usual for the time RRLB, robbing, raping, looting, and burning. I’m told William put up a good fight. When I got back to what was left of the village, I found numerous bodies of the invaders lying in an arc around William. Apparently, he had tried but failed to defend Amanda. I found her naked body lashed in the doorway of a partially torched hut. Her legs were charred from the fire, her sparkling brown eyes now cloudy and staring into the abyss, the body that strove to move mountains, now unable to move itself. 
That was the first time I felt the flow of a tear on my cheek. Sure, I’d watched humans do it all the time, but for an angel it was a powerful and unique experience. Imagine me, a crying angel.  Hey, don’t tell anyone.  I friggin’ mean it!  I’ll sic my cousin Al, the plague, on you.  Instead, you should ask yourself, what kind of planet do you have that you can bring an angel to tears? Then, despite the indifference I normally felt for the daily carnage I witnessed in human existence; I felt a tremor in my chest.  It was powerful and shook me to my core. Was I having a human reaction? Was this my human VSM affecting me?  Was this love? Whatever it was, it was not supposed to be like this for an angel.  We couldn’t deal with the chaos of human existence if we had feelings that shook us this deeply. But the tremor didn’t stop.  Then like a sniveling human, I felt rage. All out anger at the unfairness of all this, the waste, the loss. The image of Amanda hanging there was like the flames that consumed the village were still alive and burning my mind. Like an animal I screamed to the sky. I looked around feeling a surge of energy, the desire to do something, anything, that would make this feeling go away. But nothing would and that feeling still lives within me today. Seeing her hanging inanimate in that doorway, feeling the immense waste of someone valuable, imagining the terror and pain she must have felt, dwells forever in my mind, front and center. I will never let that happen again or forgive myself for not being there.  If this planet is to avoid another cleansing, things like this just can’t be allowed to happen. Of all humans she deserves protection, and if I have to keep her from falling, I will watch her every step. That single tear changed everything for me.
So maybe now you can understand how a good angel can screw up. Isaiah is right. Eva is right.  I can’t give up clinging to her, but all along the angel in me knows I have to let her go.  I have to give her and William the chance I have been smothering.  I took a deep breath then let it slowly out. I had to let her spread her wings and hope William would too…yeah right, screw that.

***

CHAPTER 19 – My head Spinning

Circa September 2019  New York , NY  USA
Hey blondie, what’s all the noise?



AMANDA
When I got home, the first thing I did was dial William’s number, but it went straight to voicemail. I left a message knowing he was probably pissed at me. “Hi, William. I am so sorry about tonight. I lost my phone, and that business deal with Advanced Plastics came up. I tried to call you. It’s a long story. Anyway, please call me when you get this. I’m sorry. Call me. Bye.”
I called him again in a half hour, but when I got voicemail again, I decided to head over to his place. It was nearly eleven when I got there. I felt like a maniac pounding on his door. After a few minutes of no one answering, the door down the hall cracked open. An obviously naked woman poked her head out. I notice a tattoo on her arm of a snake in a bunch of roses.
“Hey blondie, what’s all the noise?”
 “You know where William is?” I said, turning toward her. He’s not answering his phone.” 
“Sure, he’s here in my bed…You wanna watch?”
“What?” She’d sent my head spinning.
“No? Your loss. If you don’t mind, keep the noise down. We’re a little busy right now.” She smirked, shook her head, closed the door, but I could still hear the muffled sound of her saying, “Just some skinny bitch banging on your door.”
The emotional highs and lows of the day replayed like being out of control on a roller coaster. I hated some of the decisions I had made that had gotten me here. I hated what I’d allowed other people to twist me into. Now on top of it all I was angry and jealous. Was this the woman in Williams emails? Was this the woman he had chosen over me? Or had my callous treatment pushed him to her? The thoughts circled until they built up a steam in my head that felt like it would explode. The centrifuge sent thoughts, feelings, and emotions swirling around wildly from all directions of my mind.
Confused and hurt I decided to leave. I was furious at William. I was mad at her. And I was mad at myself. It was a mess, and I couldn’t believe it was me. 
The day had been going along so well, everything going as planned. I was on such a high when I made that stupid decision to listen to Archie and meet with Tzu. From there the little gremlins of chanced lined up one after the other against me, and the night turned to this. 
I began to wonder. If William was with her and they were indeed in bed, why would she come to the door?  Then again why would she lie about it? I put my ear to the woman’s door feeling like a voyeur but didn’t hear anything. Just one moan, the sound of William’s voice, or even a giggle and I would have been out of there. I was willing to torture myself just to know for sure. I waited to hear, but silence. I dialed William’s phone, but I didn’t hear it ring. I listened a second longer then sighed and left.

***

CHAPTER 20 - The Meeting

Circa September 2019 New York, NY USA
Sharkie



AMANDA
	I spent Sunday trying to call William every hour or so, but soon it was clear he wanted nothing to do with me. It hurt until I realized that it was me who had stood him up, so then it hurt some more. I spend tons of emotional energy and thoughts on the course of my life, yet I had screwed up such a simple choice. Not one corner of my mind felt ok with that. Everyone inside my head was complaining at the same time. After a sleepless night, it was a major relief when Monday morning arrived. 
As soon as I arrived at work two of my assistants blocked my path. They didn’t even let me reach my office or take off my coat before they intercepted me. 
	“They want you up on 22,” Claire who headed my research staff said.
	When I hesitated, Jacob, Claire’s assistant, folded his arms over his chest. “Now! They want you up there now.”
	I glanced at Claire who nodded ferociously. “What’s going on?”
	Claire pulled my arm to turn me in the direction of the elevators while Jacob took my arm on the other side. “I don’t know, but that creepy guy who works in Iron Shorts office has been down here three times already looking for you. And the last time he was really pissed.”
	“What’s it about? I probably will need some files…”
	 “What did you do girl? Should I get my CV out there?” Claire asked.
	“What? No!”
	The elevator arrived and Claire pushed me in, saying “Let us know.” 
	“Good Luck,” added Jacob.
	When I reached the 22th floor I froze in place as I tried to appraise the lay of the land in the offices around me. Everything seemed like it always did until Eugene, the VP of Operations and Iron Shorts’ right hand, marched at me in his expensive suit and perfectly swept back hair.
	“There you are! It’s about time, come on,” he said.
	That raised my heart rate fifteen beats. I was used to control and planning, and this was the frightful opposite of that. I wanted to ask Eugene what was going on, but he rapidly marched so far ahead it was impossible without running, which I considered. He stopped in front of one of the smaller conference rooms and gestured me to enter. “I’ll tell him you’re finally here.”  Then he hurried away.
	The room was empty except for William sitting in a chair at the middle of the conference table, looking as shocked as I felt to see him there. 
“What are you doing here?” I asked, taking a seat. “What’s going on?”
	I watched as his thoughts made the muscles in his face tense and release. “Where the hell did you go Saturday night? I called until my battery died!”
	That was a valid subject but not the one that filled my head at this very second. I was good at multiprocessing but the diversity of my thoughts at the moment challenged my skills. Which hanging questions was I going to answer, the ones of guilt and anger regarding my relationship with William, or the blazing fear for my career? “I tried calling you like a million times. You never answered.”
	 “I wasn’t looking for a call. We were supposed to meet up. Anyway, I had my phone with me the whole night! Until…I threw it against a brick wall.”
	“What? Why?”
	William looked down. “You weren’t answering, the battery went dead, and I got pissed. I tried going to your apartment, but you were gone. I thought…Like an idiot I thought we were really getting along.”
	“We were. It was great…No wonder I couldn’t reach you.”
	William rolled his eyes. “Whatever. I’ll get a new one today, feel naked without it. Anyway, Saturday night was Déjà vu, just like when you ran off with that guy, Mr. Perfect.”
	“Yeah, well maybe you should tell me who the heck she was?” I said with the flame of ire beginning to show in my eyes.
	“Who?”
	I opened my mouth, but just then Iron Shorts and Eugene walked in. William and I dropped our discussion and put on an act of attentive fake smiles while putting our conversation abruptly on the back burner. “Ok, little Miss Fireball,” Iron Shorts began as he sat across from me. “My friggin’ ear is raw from the phone calls I got all day yesterday. Jason Tzu has been up my ass 24/7. I hardly had time to get in 18 holes Sunday.”
	“Your score was great though,” injected Eugene.
	Iron Shorts nodded. “Could have been better. Anyway, Amanda what did you do to this guy? You know proper protocol is to let me in on these deals when you are proposing them, not when the lawyers are already at work. That’s why we have meetings, right?”
	I mentally staggered surprised my meeting with Jason had become an issue. “I met with Jason, Mr. Tzu, Saturday.”
	Iron Shorts laughed and pulled a stack of papers out of his case and threw them on the table. “Saturday? Then you must work awful fast. I heard you were good, but I had no idea!”
	I stammered to see the stack of documents and the angry look on Iron Shorts’ face. Jason and I had spoken only. Where had the document come from and what did they say? I suddenly felt like the last runner in a race, and I was about to be lapped.  “We had some very constructive discussions…”
	Eugene laughed. “Advanced Plastics, Joint ventures in China, and option on their new polymer technology, I’d call that constructive! There are billions on the table here. This must have taken months. Why were we out of the loop? We have a shareholders meeting next week for Christ’s sake!” 
	Iron Shorts looked suspiciously at me. “And what is this credit line for ‘Charity development’?” He stopped and stared at me boldly. “You know he wants you, too, right? You’re negotiating your own deals now?”
	I didn’t know what to say. I glanced at William and saw him slouched in his chair disgusted, still angry at being my second priority. I sent one of my mental processors to deal with his concerns while I sent another at Iron Shorts. “This is the first time I’ve seen his proposal. We talked about a lot of things, but I don’t even know what’s in there.”
	Eugene picked up the hefty proposal. “First time you’ve seen this?” I nodded. “Yeah, right. Either you’re a lousy liar or just maybe he saw you coming.”
	Iron Shorts waved him off. “I know you’re new to the 20th floor, so I really don’t give a rat’s ass about how you’ve skirted the system on this one. It’s a substantial deal for us, just what I’ve been looking for. Amanda, in your own little secretive way, you’ve hit a homerun, a friggin’ Grand-Slam-walk-off-end-the-series-kiss-your-mama-home-friggin-run! But from now on, you work within the system. Damn it! I sign your friggin check. Got it?”
	“Yes, Sir,” I said, choosing not to mention that I had direct deposit and there was no check and I doubted he signed anything. 
	A second later Eugene and Iron Shorts left, and William and I dropped our company demeanor and jumped back into our personal discussion. Simultaneously, he said, “So that’s what you ditched me for, another Mr. Perfect?” just as I said, “So who was she huh? That your email tramp?”
“You set me up and make me believe, then you pull out the rug from under me!” William vented.
“You caused it all with your damn internet affair. Do you know how that hurt?”
“No, I don’t because those weren’t my emails!”
“Right, they were on your computer. A little fairy put them there? I saw the pictures of those cows!”
“If I recall you met Mr. Perfect a month before those emails. You couldn’t hardly wait to leave. You just made that shit up!”
“It was on your computer! What now I put it there?”
“Mr. Perfect has a lot of connections, right?” He asked as I rolled my eyes. “This is just you having your age-old conflict between emotional commitment and autonomy. You want adventures, freedom and challenges. You think I’ll tie you down. Being in a cage scares you, so I scare you. But I’ve been the one opening doors for you since we met. I even jumped out of a fuckin’ plane for you!”
“Don’t try making this about me.” I said as Iron Shorts and Eugene reentered the room.
I whispered to William while pointing a finger rushing to get the last word in, “It’s anyone’s fault but you right? You just got caught.” Then we both put back on our company face, turned to Iron Shorts, and smiled.
“Ok, where did we leave off?” Iron Shorts said while sitting down. “Yes, You’re sorry. You won’t do it again, blah blah blah. So, I am taking over this negotiation from now. Everything goes through me, understood?” I nodded. “Don’t worry, I’ll make sure there is something in this for you, it just won’t be all that he put in here,” he added pointing at the proposal and chuckling. “Tzu did everything but build you a statue and make you your own holiday… Damn Amanda, I had no idea you were such a shark. Have to start calling you Sharkie,” Iron Shorts commented while Eugene chuckled and nodded. “So, William, bet you’re wondering how you got sucked into this cluster? Advanced Plastics, you know them, right?”
“Our number one competition in my territory.”
“And we’re kicking their ass!” added Eugene while William smiled and nodded. 
Iron Shorts continued, ‘There is one big hole in what Amanda put together here. One big friggin’ man eating sized hole. I’ve heard Amanda is an unparalleled expert at seeing the holes of other people’s deals, but I wonder if she can see the holes in her own. I hope you can patch it up. All the synergy savings over the next four years comes from seamlessly merging our inventory systems, sales departments, and branch consolidation. They use a LIFO and as I recall, you just spearheaded an open-item system to track costs precisely to each order?” William nodded again. “I need you to check out their sales structure too. How hard will it be to merge these two companies into one, get them into the way we do things? Tzu wants to move on this. I want to move on this right away. But if their branches can’t just slip neatly into ours, it’ll be a swampy mess. I want to put this all together, so we are up and running Q1. I’m sending you and Amanda to Advanced’s Corporate to plug this hole so we can get the ship sailing on home. Nobody knows our systems better than you and your staff, and nobody knows Tzu and this proposal better than Amanda… I mean Sharkie.”
The door opened again, and a voice said, “He’s here, Mr. Montgomery.”
Again, Iron Shorts and Eugene slipped away, while William and I went back at our personal discussion.
“So, you lead me on, then snuggled up to Tzu and forgot all about me!”
“No! Archie told me he would be there, so I went to meet him. I’ve been trying for months. I swear I thought I would be back by six to meet you. But just rushed and forgot my phone. I didn’t want to even be there. I almost swam home.”
“Sure, your career’s not important to you. Obviously,” William said sarcastically. “So, you snuggled up to both of them. Tzu seems awfully impressed for a quickie!”
“And I spoke with your squeeze! She asked if I wanted to watch you two do it.”
“What? Who are you talking about? I was out looking for you.”
“Yeah right. Not very hard obviously. I was right in your hallway.”
“That’s crazy. I went to your place.”
“And broke my door down?”
“Yes, I was worried…Sorry. I am such an ass to have believed you were going to be there Saturday night.”
“What you weren’t in that floozy’s apartment when I was there, right?”
“No. And you weren’t cozying up to a billionaire who now suddenly wants you as part of a deal? I can see where your mind is Sharkie.”
“And I can see where yours is too! She wasn’t even attractive.”
Iron Shorts and Eugene reentered this time hauling Archie in tow, of all people. William and I jumped back into our smiling company personas.  “Sharkie, I take it you know Archie. Tzu said he put you two together from the start.” Archie smiled, greeted everyone, then sat down between William and I. William couldn’t contain himself and rolled his eyes before he slowly spun his chair around to the wall and back.
Archie gave me a quick hug, “Amanda as lovely as always.” 
I felt stiff, assailed from all sides, and as awkward as a penguin in a chorus line. First, William, then Iron Shorts, then to be saddled grievously between Archie and William. I don’t get into messes like this… I just don’t. William turned his chair and gagged behind the cover of his hand. 
Iron Shorts explained, “I am sending all three of you and any staff you feel you need to their corporate to hammer out all the details of this deal. Archie, well Archie seems to know everyone. I know him. He knows, Tzu. And he knows Sharkie.” William turned his chair to the wall for a moment. “So, I think he will be invaluable, like an insurance policy for the deal. Let me know how many people you need so we can schedule which jet to use. I want your asses sitting in Atlanta tomorrow. Sharkie, I will email you a copy of this proposal, that you’ve never seen before, with all my notes. William, I want you to dissect their branch structure, their software, their protocols and let me know what kind of a job is ahead of us. Anything, you want to add Arch?”
Archie smiled like the cat with a mouse tail hanging from its mouth. He shook William’s hand while I cringed. He spoke with so much innuendo I wanted to puke. “Great to meet you William. I’ve heard sooo much about you. Anyway, I was flattered when CEO Montgomery asked me to help, and I just wanted to meet with you all and make sure we are on the same page before we get into bed together. I reviewed the proposal and I spoke with Jason Tzu this morning. He’s excited.” Then he spun toward William and turned the knife. “Really excited; to be working with you all. I’ll do whatever I can to help push this through the ins and outs and ups and downs of the negotiations. Just let me know what you need from me. I know Amanda already has a firm grip on the handle of this thing and I’m certain this deal is ready to pop soon.”
“Thanks, Arch,” said a smiling Montgomery.
“Yeah, it should be just great. We can all come together… in Atlanta,” William added with a background tone of sarcasm which went right over Iron Shorts head.
“Wow, now I’m excited to have such a ‘together’ team.” Montgomery rose. “Ok, let’s get to work. Remember, shareholders meeting, shareholders meeting the 17th.”
I looked over at William as he rose. He glared at me, then dropped his eyes and left. The part of my mind that was dealing with the problems of my relationship to William flew out of my head down the hall after him while Archie interrupted my train of thought. 
“Well, Darling, you did it. You friggin’ did it again!”
I lowered my eyes. “I’m afraid I did.”

***

EVA
It always seemed like things got bad whenever I was bored. Being on earth gave me so much nervous energy that I needed to always be doing something or making something happen. Even after centuries of a feminine earth brain, I was still sometimes overwhelmed by the pull in all directions it could feel at any one instant. Whenever Archie was off somewhere or whenever I wasn’t diverted by being within arm’s reach of a toy or challenge, my mind drifted off and got in trouble. Sometimes it was a productive or creative surge like my sculpture or my painting. Other times it was just something to do of whose consequences I had no idea. Other times it was both at once, doing something I thought was productive yet getting destructive results.
Unfortunately, bored was how I felt this morning. I sat in a window seat of a restaurant corning on two streets. I watched all of humankind passing by oblivious to all the things I knew about their lives and their real place in the universe. Surprisingly, the aerial view I had of their little lives didn’t tempt me to play with their menial ignorance as I usually could. Today I felt sorry for them. They seemed like little ants rushing off to nowhere, never making it home.
I thought of all the things I could do with the billions of stimuli around me. There were thousands of people to toy with, dozens of aircraft, hundreds of ships, subway trains rumbling beneath my feet, thousands of honking cars that deserved an answer. I heard the noise, smelled the pollution, and saw the veritable chaos all around me, and drew its wild energy into my head. Simultaneously, I heard the people for blocks around chit chatting, laughing, arguing, yelling, screaming in ecstasy in their bedrooms in dozens of apartments surrounding me. I couldn’t keep the chaos out of my head. If I didn’t filter my senses, I would hear all of them simultaneously, see every flash of movement in the streets and in the sky. My vision would be like a gigantic targeting screen in a giant war room with thousands of targets and intercepts to track. Sometimes it was great, sometimes it was awful. Today it was awful. I just wanted some clarity, a course to uninterrupted peace that would make all this make sense.
  Earth was a free for all of constant nervous energy. These people’s lives collided non-stop creating progress and creating conflict with collisions coming from all directions, like a random mix of colliding molecules of chemicals in a science experiment, sometimes there was a reaction. With the wild free for all it was no wonder a fusion of soulmates was such a rare and amazing thing. 
The majesty of the Big Guy’s design for Earth suddenly fell on me in crystal clarity. I was put here to help direct this chaos, to channel it into streams that fit together and grew rather than bounced off each other or exploded into even more disorder. I should be like the magnetism that drew hydrogen atoms to fuse together. Just like the subway tunnels below my feet directed and funneled people to their destination, all these people around me needed was for me to be a tunnel to control their randomness and keep them on the course.  Without a tunnel these millions would never get home. The wild bouncing of the entropy inherent in free will caused the soulmates to mostly miss one another. And each human had more than one personality floating in their heads. I need to be the tunnel that keep them on track. That was the key. That was how you get soulmates to line up perfectly.
I had a choice to make, be the tunnel or stir the chaos. After centuries at it, what had stirring the chaos gotten me? I was unsatisfied, nervous, and alone. Worst of all I was unconnected to anything and anyone. Archie looked at me with leery eyes and a shaking head, rather than the trusting team we had once been.
In a booth in the corner, I heard a woman say, “Randy, don’t.” Then she put down her phone with tears beginning to wriggle down her cheek. Normally she would be a prime victim for the pandemonium I could bring. I rose and drifted to her table and spoke in a mild English accent because…I felt like it. “Sorry, I couldn’t help but notice. Are you Okay?” I asked as I sat down across from her. “Cheers, I’m Eva.”
“Mia,” she answered softly.
“He’s a bloody flaming idiot.”
“What?” Mia said.
“The bloke you just spoke with. What’s his name, Randy? That’s not even a proper name now, is it? Sounds more like my state of mind,” I said making Mia smile. “That dodgy arsehole’s not worth two breaths from you. He’s a simple wanker, not your soulmate, not by a long shot.”
Mia sighed and shook her head. “I thought so.”
“Well, I don’t. We’re getting you on the proper track. Trust me I know. I’m a bleedin’ pro at this.” I scanned my phone over her for an instant and watched as a couple potential soulmates populated a list. One named Cole was her number one. “You know a mate named Cole?” Mia shook her head. “Well, you will.”
 I waved to the waiter who turned away as they are taught to do. So, I got up and chased after him. I explained what I wanted making big gestures with my hands. He delayed, made excuses, and sulked. “Am I correct to assume that this establishment is a restaurant? I see the sign right there,” I exclaimed. Finally, he bought into the plan when I took out a fifty. I returned to the table. “Just be a minute,” I said to Mia’s questioning face.
The waiter returned with two quarts of ice cream and two spoons and placed them before us. I pulled the lid off the quart, took in a spoon full, attacked it like an animal, and gestured for Mia to do the same. “Sorry, they didn’t have gallons,” I explained.
She looked uncertain but started to open the container. “What’s this?”
“Everyone knows not to mess with a woman eating ice cream directly out of the tub. It’s like trying to take a steak away from a cornered wounded lioness. Trust me this is the best thing for a breakup. Works every time. I guarantee Randy’s lying heart is in there somewhere,” I said poking around in the tub with my spoon. 
Mia paused, took a spoon full, then smiled at me before beginning to poke in her tub. “Where are you fuck face?!” Mia said, repeatedly jabbing her spoon down like a spear, “Ha! Die!” she added devouring a spoon full.
“Nobody’s messing with us anymore!” I assured her as I continued my search for a cold heart. “Yeah, got ya dick weed!” I declared before sliding a spoon full into my mouth. 
“You having a breakup too?”
“It’s Tuesday, now isn’t it?”
 Within minutes I had a smile back on her face. She had a soulmate out there somewhere but was just digging for gold in a coal mine. I had a new client and the beginnings of a plan. 

***
CHAPTER 21 – Atlanta

Circa September 2019 Virginia, USA
Assertively opinionated



AMANDA
I was sipping a strawberry/banana smoothie the stewardess had just handed me, while I looked around the cabin of our jet as we flew over the countryside of Virginia. I slowly paced the aisle noticing William and a man and woman from his staff in the back of the jet huddling like a football team planning a trick play. He pointed at his laptop and then at his people while he barked off his vision of the events soon to come. I had to admit his focus was impressive and a bit attractive. He blended just the right amounts of pure business and leadership with occasional glances which could have been meant for no one but me, although he did his best to try and disguise them. With him murdering his cell phone and the merger madness, we had never finished our discussion or revved it up really. Whenever I could lock on his eyes in an effort to make them reveal their stories, I could tell that I was his real focus. 
Across from them closer to me were two members of the legal staff Ol’ Iron Shorts had sent with me. They sat in expensive suits with shiny shoes laughing at their own jokes. Despite it being 11:00 AM they clutched and sipped the finest bourbon the plane had to offer from crystal tumblers. I was familiar with the fact that just 99% of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
Archie was closer to me sitting in the middle of the plane having a good ol’ conversation with Claire and Jacob from my team. No business in his conversation. It all seemed to be chit chat about their relationships and love life’s as if that was his greatest concern. All in all, he seemed terribly amused by the trip in total, and having a whale of a time, seeming more excited than me. So much so he seemed to almost not notice I was there. I couldn’t decide if he just believed that much in me that I could handle all of this, or if he was that indifferent. I approached to hear Claire confessing her interest in a Leo guy she had been out with a couple times, and Archie shook his head vigorously. “No, no, that is not the guy for you! Come on man! There is a guy who manages that little café outside the front entrance of your office called Café Mange or something like that. You know him?”
Claire was stunned and speechless for a full moment, something I had never seen before. “What you know him?”
“Sure, Jonathan.”
“You know Jonathan?”
“And he asked me all kinds of questions about this woman named Claire who works in Mergers. I’ll bet that’s you. He described you perfectly and asked if I knew who you were.”
“Jonathan, really? I’ve seen him glance at me over a quick sub for lunch, but I never knew…”
“Come on. He said his stomach gets queasy whenever he sees you and he‘s afraid to say anything. But he told me what he was thinking!” Archie nudged Claire with his elbow.
Claire smiled broadly. “Like what?”
“A gentleman never tells.”
“Then you should have no trouble telling her,” I said jumping into the conversation. 
Archie took it in stride. “Let’s just say you should have a sub for lunch when you get back to New York.”
“That means he’s got a salami for you, Claire,” added Jacob while I held my hands about a foot apart and we all laughed.
“Well, let’s turn this plane around!” ordered Claire.
I pulled Archie aside. “How do you know Jonathan?”
“My dear, I know everyone.”
I shook my head. “I thought so.” At Archie’s beaming face, I asked, “You havin’ fun?” 
“So much fun. Then I get to watch you in action after we land, my little Sharkie.”
“I’m not sure I like that name.”
“Oh? Which do you prefer? Gorgeous, brilliant, amazing…lover?” He stood and grew close. 
His sly smile pulled me in. “How about just…your majesty?”
“Your majesty it is.” He kissed my hand.
I don’t know what science is at work allowing you to always tell when someone across a room is looking at you, but I felt William’s eyes burning into me as he watched us. Part of me felt self-conscious while another part was glad to make William roast a bit.
***

We hit the ground running as soon as we pushed through the doors of Advanced Plastics Corporate office. It was like we owned the place because we probably soon would. I looked up at the high ceilings and glass lobby and wondered, Do I really want to manage this place? Do I want a life here in Atlanta? Where the hell did I belong? Is that real gold?
Jason Tzu was there immediately, and it was like we were all back on that boat in the Marina. Knowing all the things we had already discussed I felt like a team with Jason already. It was us trying to explain our vision to the lawyers and bean counters of both our corporations that surrounded us like bags of cement we would have to move aside.
Jason took us to the penthouse conference room, surrounded us with connectivity, resources, and first-class catering. The two of us pushed and pulled our own staff members while Archie seemed to drift around in the background of everything and seemed content to do so. Early on William and his crew left to appraise Advanced’s Altanta branch operation to see first-hand the level of compatibility of our branch sales and inventory systems.
By evening I felt charged with excitement that a day of building and progressing made me feel. I had no idea how late it was until I reached my hotel suite and felt the inevitable crash of exhaustion combined with the realization, I hadn’t had any sort of dinner. I kicked off shoes that were trying to eat my feet alive, nosed through the mini fridge, then scanned through the room service menu when a knock came at my door. I opened it to find William standing there looking like me with his day still not over, his tie loosened, and I wagered his feet were being eaten alive too. Something made me smile inside at the surprise. He held up a folder for me.
“I could never get a hold of you all day, but I thought you should know a few things we found out. Something told me it would be best not to risk an email trail.”
“Oh, that’s great. Thanks.”
“I know, just what you need tonight, some more light reading.”
“No bother. You rather come in and discuss?”
William turned his gaze on me, looking right through me. It made me feel self-conscious and a bit guilty at what he might find within me. “No, I’m pretty much toast for one day.”
With him being inches away, I mentally stammered launching dozens of thoughts shooting in numerous directions. For the first time all day I wasn’t focused on the merger. “You know we never finished our discussion in the conference room.”
William nodded. “I know.”  I gestured for him to come in again and started to speak, until he changed the subject. “How did it go today with Tzu?”
“Great. I don’t have to hack through the jungle on every point. It’s like there is a freeway I can follow with no traffic. He seemed to agree with everything I said.”
“Good… then you made the right choice on where to spend your time last Saturday night. I’ve some things to finish at the Branch tomorrow then I’ll be back. Good Night.”
I tried to speak, then I started to take a step after him, but somehow, I agreed this wasn’t the time for a discussion plus I had no idea what that discussion would be. I gingerly closed the door then put my back against it and sighed. Sharkie returned and I leafed through the five or six pages of notes in William’s folder. There were some glitches where our systems didn’t see eye to eye, but he also suggested fixes for them. After I turned the last page in the folder, I found a tiny red heart he had drawn on the folder with a marker, and it made me smile.
I returned to the room service menu with nothing striking me as appetizing at the late hour. I tossed the menu on the counter and decided to revisit the mini bar, when a knock came at the door again. A fountain of energy awoke my brain realizing that William had come back to take me in his arms and end all of the need for discussions. I ran my hands through hair that was as exhausted as I was and straightened my skirt. When I opened the door a giant bouquet of flowers suddenly thrust into my face and then pushed me into the room.
	“I picked these myself!” Archie beamed.
	“How lucky there was a rose garden nearby.”
	Archie gave me and my roses a hug. “You were amazing today, Sharkie. Tzu is a dead man. At this rate, we’ll have an agreement before Iron Shorts gets done with 18 holes tomorrow.”
	“It’s going well, that’s for sure. Jason wants this to work. You think he has some hidden motive?”
	“Who cares? All I know is that my little Sharkie is one step closer to CEO, just like you’ve always wanted.”
	“I suppose.”
	Archie took off his jacket then took hold of me with a kiss that felt like lips of clay as my mind was in twelve other places. “Sorry, Arch, I am like exhausted. I’m just gonna crash.”
	Archie was taken aback. “Oh, yeah, it’s been a long day.”  Then he held up a finger, “But tomorrow, tomorrow we celebrate. I know a little Italian place that makes that scaloppine you like, and the chef owes me.”
	“You know everybody?”
Archie thought for a moment. “Yeah, yes I do. Just don’t ask me to list their names.” He picked up his jacket and headed for the door. “Get some sleep. In the morning I’m gonna bring some popcorn to snack on while I watch you in action.” Then he was gone like a sudden disappointed storm that disappeared as quickly as it had come.
	But now with the stimulation of two visitors, the exhaustion in my brain was gone and thoughts were flying in all directions. Even my multi processors were multi-processing. I was energized and the overpriced grouper sandwich on the room service menu would be my next victim. I started to dial to order when another knock came at the door. Who was this? I debated William or Archie without any conviction about either. Hell, the sandwich I just began obsessing on would have to wait. But I could almost taste the chipotle tartar. I opened the door to reveal a smiling Jason Tzu complete with expensive champagne and two crystal glasses.
	“Too soon for a celebration?” he asked holding up the bottle.
	“Oh, hello Jason. Come on in.” I had to stop answering that damn door. Who in bloody hell would be next? I was tired and way passed social graces, so my thoughts spun on how to get this visit over with quickly.
	He scanned the room and noticed my computer and papers and William’s folder. “Are you still working?”
	“No rest for the wicked.”
	“Then you should be fast asleep because you are far from wicked. You really know your stuff. I’ve never met a woman so wise yet so beautiful. Nor have I ever seen one with such definite opinions…on everything.” 
	I smiled thinking of Williams constant commentary. “Assertively opinionated. That’s what some people say.”
	“That’s good. That’s good, and so correct. You‘re so knowledgeable, and your judgements are right an amazing 90% of the time.”
	“95.” I decided I needed to let the air out of his festive mood and figured shop talk might do it.
	“Perhaps. You are so assertive about telling them to us, but it works cause you get things right. Yes, assertively opinionated, but it serves you well.”
	“I just know what I know, want things to be better for everyone.” I glanced over at Williams report. “Oh, and I just got word, you have to stop that IMS update you’re installing at all of your branches. Montgomery wants a smooth transition and that will take us in the wrong direction. Our inventories turn at twice the rate of yours.”
	“Yessss, I can stop that if you want. It was just a patch. We just don’t have the resources you do.”
	“Well, you do now. And you have me.”
	Jason’s straight face told me his joyous mood and buzz had fizzled.  Nevertheless, he began preparing the champagne. “A drink to our progress today?”
	I stopped him. “I’m sorry Jason, I’m not much of a drinker.”
	He paused, “How sad. “
	“I hope you don’t take this the wrong way, but I am really wasted, you know the flight and trying to keep up with you and your people all day. You weren’t kidding when you said you have a group of very challenging people working for you. They‘re terrific.”
	“I understand.”
	“Thanks. We’ll get at it in the morning. Maybe tomorrow night we can celebrate.”
	“Yessss, tomorrow.”
	I led him to the door. “Good Night.”
	“Yesss, to you too.” He left dangling his champagne and glasses like a child that no one would play with.
	I closed the door and headed for the phone. There was a grouper sandwich with my name on it, extra tartar…and a small salad. And suddenly there was a lot to think about. I immediately thought of eight things I needed to do first thing in the morning, no, why not now? I remembered Ol’ Iron Shorts saying there were holes in my proposal. Well, with William’s help, I would teach him, plug those, and hopefully leave Iron Shorts speechless. Yes, speechlessly amazed. This merger was going to slip together like a wave into shore. The fusion of our two companies would explode the entire industry and put us all up on a higher level. And I would get to it as soon as I taught that sandwich who was the boss. Sleep? What is that? Just an overrated concept, really.

***
CHAPTER 22 – Eva does Atlanta

Circa September 2019 Atlanta, GA  USA
Great Design



ARCHIE
	When I awoke Wednesday morning, something was very wrong, but something was very right. Instead of a snapping sharply out of slumber or a whining realization that I had to get up, I found myself drifting in a dreamlike state of pleasure, and intoxication. Endorphins roamed my mind like a herd of buffalo, not today buffalo but 1840 Buffalo everywhere, stomping and huffing and…roaming. It was like feeling content yet passionately excited about being more so. 
	When my conscious mind finally began turning on the switches of my senses one by one, I could see the darkness of my bedroom, feel the high thread count of the silk sheets beneath my skin, listen to the rapid racing of my heart, smell the flowery lingering of perfume, and taste the dryness of my gaping mouth. 
	My eyes began adjusting to the silhouette of a woman’s head rising and falling rhythmically between my legs. The image fed a sudden surge of fantasy. I could not see as my eyes were still fooled by the shadowy light but in my head images of Amanda pleasuring me grew and then consumed me, spiking jolts through my body. So, she changed her mind from last night. Oh, yeah, but how had she gotten into my room and why was she more risqué than ever. I didn’t know but I liked the change. Surely someone with her brain could bypass a hotel lock. I didn’t care how or why, just that she was there.
	I fell back into my pillow and began huffing ever quickening breaths while she began increasing the pace and firmness of her strokes. My back arched and my legs spread as I began feeling the loss of control. She read my clues and changed over from her mouth to a slow gentle teasing with her fingers. 
	“No one ever really appreciates the genius in the Big Guy’s designs. But I do, more and more every day,” came Eva’s sultry voice out of the darkness. “It‘s amazing that this little guy even works when you’re still asleep. I’ve been at it for ten minutes now and he was ready to pop, but then you woke up and ruined everything.” Eva’s presence surprised me and left my Amanda fantasy world a little disappointed, but I decided I could tough it out. She began an increased rate with her two hands working on me, and I threw back my head and growled a long-tormented moan. “There it is. That sounded really goooood… Good boy.” She manically rubbed me in quick hard strokes. “I want all of what you’ve got in there.”
	“Oh Godddd!” I cried. 
	Eva slowed. “You see, right there is more proof of the genius of the Big Guy’s design. Sex is just a great way to get his creatures to call his name and associate it with feeling…this.” She said continuing her work. I began huffing while my legs shook, so Eva stopped. “Hey, did I tell you you could come? You don’t come until I say so. Go back to sleep. Your little friend and I have some unfinished business.” She spoke just as she began a frantic all-out attack. My pelvis began a rhythmic rock to the pace of her hand. “Good boy, Good Boy. That’s it. You’re all mine.” She giggled. “You just try to hold back. I dare you.”
	After my eyes adjusted, I watched her stroking me, saw her breasts ungulate with the exertion of her arms, saw her hair floating over her shoulders and I felt suddenly energized to become a more active participant. Her face glowed an intense sexual fervor as she watched her own work and reveled in the result it had on me. Watching her watching me was an incredible turn on. “Ah, that’s a good boy. So close, aren’t you? Should I let you go? Nah! Good boy.”
	That was enough for me. I rose up and tried to flip her onto her back, but she resisted. She pushed me back on the bed, before I rose up again. We began an arm slapping wrestling match whose outcome was in question until I finally got my weight on top of her and pinned her arms to the bed. Eva continued to resist and hissed at me, “Bastard, this is my game”. I slipped inside her and began to pound as deeply as I could. She grunted and groaned. “You fucker… Come on you fucker.” But then after a moment her arms went limp and she barely whispered, “You fucker.”
	I continued my aggressive attack, pounding as fast and hard as I could making her whole-body jolt to my movements. Soon she joined me by adding her exertion to each of my thrusts throbbing together in rhythmical harmony, fusing our bodies. “Come on Eva. Come on.” She began huffing and rocking her hips as if trying to throw me, exertion that excited both of us to be even more inspired. I wouldn’t let her escape and she loved feeling my focused desire.
 “I’ve really got your nostrils flared, don’t I?”
 	Her comment only spurred me on more. Finally, her pelvis raised, and her thighs shook while she released a long scream fit to wake the dead. In fact, I think two of them materialized beside the bed and asked if we could “keep it down a little”. I had craved her orgasm so much that I gave her one of my own that was so extreme I saw a blinding light and stars for a second, then fell exhausted beside her like a stone. We both just lay there and took heavy breaths for a long while.
	“My God, did you see that flash of light when you came? That was you at your best Arch!”
	“It was intense… you torturer.”
	“So, you like my little morning wakeup call?”
	“Of all these years, that’s a new one on me.”
	“You know scrawny-little-bitch-face wouldn’t do this for you.” Eva sighed. “Well, it looks like a few hundred years with William finally rubbed off on you. Good job to you too.”
	“It’s more like I taught him a few things.”
	“Yeah, right…. Well maybe.”
	“So, what inspired you this morning? Was that page 52 of the Kama Sutra?”
	“No, that was Eva page 1937.” We just took deep breaths in unison until she sheepishly asked,” You think angels can fuse?”
	“Fuse like soulmates? Nah, we aren’t human.”
	She ran her fingers over my face. “This feels human, doesn’t it?”
	That sudden red flag sent my blood returning to my brain, I felt a clanging alarm. “What are you doing here!”
	She smirked. “Didn’t seem to bother you a minute ago.”
	I sat up. “Don’t do it. I’m asking you just don’t do it.”
	“Do what exactly?
	“You’ve got some kind of plan. Are you after Amanda or William? Both, holy shit. Just don’t do it. Everything is fine right now. Leave ‘um be. Crash a plane somewhere or sink another oil tanker, just not them.”
	Eva’s fingers began teasing between my legs and firming me, her actions in irony to her coming words. “Plan? What makes you think I would have a plan?”
	“If you are here, you have a plan. You’re a devil here on Earth. Don’t screw me over again. What are you up to?”
	“Devil? Not hardly. You’re…reforming me. I’m a changed woman. You left and William left and I was feeling lonely. Not anymore thanks to you.”
	“Eva?! You’ve got plenty of other deplorables to play with.” 
	“Ok, ok, that skinny little bitch has both of you down here. She had the nerve to even come to my apartment looking for him. She pissed me off, Ok? She just can’t have both of you! Crashing planes and wars are child’s play. This is personal.”
	“Are you gonna make a scene down here? What’s going on is too important for…for both of them. You could destroy everything. There are a lot of building blocks of the future that rely on what happens the next couple days down here.”
	“Ok, ok, I promise,” she said crossing herself. “As long as I’m happy, I’ll just lay low and catch some rays and enjoy your company.”
	“Ha!” I huffed, “That’ll be the day.”
	“What don’t you believe me?” she asked innocently while she slid down and took me in her mouth again.
	“Jesus Christ,” I moaned in a weak complaint.
Eva stopped for an instant. “See, this made you say his son’s name. Great design works every time. I’ll bet you start calling out his name in five minutes, tops.” Then she went after me with abandon using her mouth and both hands. I sighed at my weakness for her and wondered what her plan was and what I should do to protect Amanda’s billion-dollar deal, then slipped into the rhythm of her lips and was totally lost…again. Man, I have been on Earth far too long. 
	“Oh, God, Oh God!” I cried three minutes later. She was right, what great design.

***
	

CHAPTER 23 – Trial Run

Circa September 2019 Atlanta, GA USA
You felt that too, right?



AMANDA
Wednesday morning, I had six conference calls, two meetings with the lawyers, and three cups of coffee before Jason even arrived. As I sat at Corporate and sipped cup number three, a mocha latte, William was at the Branch and had loaded a test version of our software on to Advanced’s server. He was running their order entry and inventory updates through a conversion interface his people had begun coding while we were on the plane here.
Archie and Jason walked into the conference room together. “See, what did I tell you,” Archie said gesturing toward me. “Hard at work before the chickens have even woke up.” He came over and gave me a quick hug around the coffee cup barrier I had put between us. I love how Archie supported me, but this…this was smothering I didn’t need. Whether I had Iron Shorts to blame or Archie, I didn’t care. I didn’t need a babysitter. It made me feel less of myself and untrusted, and I didn’t like it.
“I wake up a half hour before I go to sleep,” I joked over a sip. I tossed a highlighted copy of our proposal annotated with my changes on the table in front of Tzu. 
Archie nodded and spoke to him, “See, what did I tell you? She’s relentless.”
Tzu put down his case and began leafing through the pages. “This is amazing. I particularly like the way you solved that new board restructuring problem by reworking section 6.8. Do you ever eat or sleep like everyone else?”
“I don’t do anything like everyone else that’s why I’m here.” 
“Hear from Herr Fuhrer in New York?” Archie asked.
“Only twice. I’ve learned it goes better if you call him and not wait for him to call. It sort a keeps him on his back foot.”
“Good thinking.”
I turned to Tzu. “Jason, William is already running test runs of our inventory software linked to yours. Once he converted file formats and made them compatible it seems to run fine. So, take some cement and fill one of those holes in the deal Iron Shorts thought was there.”
“Yesss, I for one wasn’t even worried.”
“So, what’s our plan today?” Archie asked.
I looked at Jason and shrugged. “What do you think, Jason? You just review my notes and I think it’s time to hand it over to the lawyers, unless you see something in my changes.”
“No, so far they are things we already agreed yesterday. Although I don’t see the section about your position and your compensation. I think that is key.”
“Well, I do too…”
Archie shook his head. “She has to leave that part up to Montgomery himself. He needs to think it’s all his idea.”
“So, I think the hard part is over. Now we just need to push this boulder up the hill through the lawyers and tax guys.”  I stood up and grabbed my things. “Let me know if you see any changes to make before you turn it over to your staff. I’m going to make a quick trip out to your branch and make sure that hole is filled for good.”
“You want some company?” asked Archie.
Jason looked a bit concerned. “Well, Arch, I could use you here, if you don’t mind. I could use your experience on how best to structure some things in a way Montgomery is most likely to accept. This whole stock and stock option section Amanda has written may not be the way he would approach it,”
As I passed, I pointed at Jason. “Remember, you said my judgements were 90% right.”
“How could I forget?” questioned Tzu.
“Thought it was 95%?” commented Archie.
“See? That’s why we’re together. Good boy,” I commented.
Archie was reflective for a moment. “Yes, good boy. I am a very good boy. So, I’ve heard.”

***

Arriving alone and not looking old enough to be their future CEO, it took a moment to get the people at the Atlanta Branch to understand who I was, but after that they treated me royally. The manager almost fell over his own feet while he blabbered and escorted me back to a small accounting office. There I found William in shirt sleeves and loosened collar with his feet up on a conference table munching a donut.
“Amanda, come on in,” he said gesturing with the donut without leaving his chair. “We are up and sailing along. Travis is running their system live in parallel with ours. We have a baby Advanced Inventory that we are working out of and generating inventory updates, Pull Tickets, Packing Lists, BOL’s, Invoicing, GL entries, the whole nine yards. We even have incoming inventory up. So, kiss your cares and
woes goodbye!” he said blowing a kiss.
   	“That’s great. Good Job to your whole team. This is all through the interface you set up?”
	“Yes, ma’am.” Travis nodded as he typed on his keyboard.
	I turned to William. “So, we can formalize this interface and they can run as usual while we are making a permanent conversion to our systems in the background?” William nodded as he chewed. “So, it goes in the old way and comes out just like any other of our branches?” William nodded again. “So, we have compatibility day one!”
	“Tell her Travis.”
	“Yes, ma’am. It’s not like a sony playstation where PS4 isn’t working on PS3. Those amateurs. We can run this patch as long as you need to get everyone up on the same system. Like in Call of Duty, the graphics card…”
	“Spare your new CEO the details. She has bigger fish to fry…or bake cause she is calorie conscious.”
	William knew he had nailed it and was rolling around in his cockiness. He finished his donut and stood up. “Let’s just say regarding problems with the conversion, if your phone doesn’t ring, it’s me.” He put his arm around me and began leading me out of the room. “Let me show you the sales order entry database and marketing system. You remember how ours works?”
“No.”
“Great, that will make impressing you that much easier.”
When we got into the hall, I stopped him. “William, I am really impressed. It’s like you’ve been here for months not days.”
“Amanda, if you were worried about synergy and compatibility hanging you up and blowing this deal, forget it.”
I was glad things were going so well and that he was all business, but did he even know it was me? Seeing him in charge and catapulting the merger was a rush for me, but I hadn’t forgotten the conversation we still hadn’t had, so why should he? So, I went back to what had always been an old reliable for us, I locked my gaze on him and tried to tunnel our eyes together without saying a word. He resisted for a second before our eyes linked. I could tell it slammed on his brakes and took him in a whole different direction. 
“Oh now, that’s not fair…not fair at all,” he said with his voice trailing off.
I smiled knowing I had dragged him back. “Why not? You think I really came here to see Travis code?”
“You didn’t? I normally sell tickets.”
“Not hardly.” I wanted to tell him that of my three visitors the previous night, he was only one who I’d wished had stayed. I wanted to say that thoughts of him and how we had used to be were the only things that overpowered my focus on the merger. Somehow, I wanted him to know the door was still open.  “There’s a conversation I still want to have. Plus, now I have to thank you for getting this compatibility gorilla off my back. Can we just talk?”
“What do you have in mind?” He sounded leery and defensive. 
“How about a celebration?”
“You inviting the whole crew, Mr. Wonderful and Mr. Wonderful II?”
I moved close to him so he could feel my sincerity. “No, I have a suite, just you and me and room service. You can bring Travis if you like.”
William suddenly seemed to change from businesslike to nervous. “Ah, I think Travis has an overtime commitment to his keyboard tonight. If not, I’ll give him one.”
“Good, eight o’clock. You know where my room is.”
***

WILLIAM
When I arrived at Amanda’s room it was 8:00. I mean like 8:00. Experience had taught me not to be early and risk her not being ready or too late and risk spoiling something she might have planned. I knew she would be cool either way, but I didn’t want to risk anything going wrong. I had dressed well in case I needed to impress her and was surprised she opened the door in a Yoga Pants outfit. It clung to her and she looks great, but it wasn’t the all-out feminine attempt to impress me I had expected. But when she gave me a hug, I felt the firmness of her tiny back, smelled the misty haze of my favorite of her perfumes, and I began to feel like a duck gliding over a pond wondering why those men were pointing those tube-like sticks directly at me. 
“Your timing is great. Dinner just arrived like two minutes ago,” she said gesturing to a small table room service had delivered. “I just guessed. Is filet Ok for you? I got the…”
“Halibut. Just for the hal-i-but,” I joked with the similar sound of ‘halibut’ to ‘hell-of-it’. It was a joke I said every time she ordered the halibut, which was a lot. Long ago she had become immune and now just ignored it, but I still thought it was funny. “You know fish isn’t plant based like you say you prefer to eat.”
She never admitted a flaw in her logic and fired back confidently, “You aren’t plant based and I still speak with you.”
I looked around the room to find the lights dimmed, with most of the light coming from the small kitchenette. I saw the balcony off the living room was lit by a number of candles reminding me of the various wonderful nights we had spent on the roof top of my apartment building.	
With the sights, the smells, the memories, the anticipation, and just the image of her freshly done hair cascading over her shoulders, I was the surprised duck plummeting into the pond after the hunters had fired. I drifted slowly toward her as our eyes connected. She initially resisted my gaze then welcomed it. I drifted my fingers through her hair marveling at its rich thickness. I took hold of her shoulders and slid in for a kiss that started slowly but quickly became intense. She pulled away for a second looking like a frightened animal, before I wrapped her in my arms and kissed her again with abandon. I pulled away. “Was that enough conversation for you too?”  She spiritedly nodded before we clamped together again and breathed heavily.
	“I’ve missed you,” Amanda said sincerely.
Her words shot right threw to my core. Hearing her speak fractured the walls of reserve I had forced myself to hide behind. My response was to get off my jacket and get her out of the yoga suit, which was conveniently easy to do. I picked her up and deposited her onto the couch before climbing over her. “You look like you need a lot of relaxation and attention. Been under a lot of stress lately?”
“How did you ever guess that?”
“Don’t worry, I’ll take care of every inch of you, starting here.” It was like having unwrapped the Christmas gift you had wanted your whole life and now there it was before you to savor for a moment.
 We kissed before my lips and hands began drifting down her body, lingering at her breasts and belly. I wasn’t the duck anymore but a lion surging with energy and desire. My lips teased her belly. With my hands I spread her legs and stroked up and down her smooth thighs. It sent an addictive sensuous tingle through my fingers. “Looks like you ordered my favorite dish for dinner,” I said as my head slipped down on her.
“Bon appetit,” she purred clamping my head between her thighs.

Later, we lay in robes on a lounge chair on the balcony. There were two chairs, but we preferred the one. I looked out at the sea of sparkling skyline as she buried her head in my chest while I stroked her hair. It was all too familiar, all too wonderful a feeling. Amanda was normally an attractive woman, but in the afterglow of sex, she transformed to beyond amazing. It was a vision of beauty, confidence, and contentment for which I can find no words. My guess, that’s was what happens when a woman’s thoughts are all flowing in one direction. If I could make her look that way every instant I would.  When she was like that it was like we became so mentally attuned to one another it was frightening as I felt we would become lost in one another. We didn’t speak much. I think both of us didn’t want to ruin what was happening by questioning it. I wondered if this meant she was over the email problem which seemed so immense before it had split us apart. Could she just skip over it or did we somehow have to confront it? Did I need to prove to her it had never happened for us to be whole, and if so, how could I do that? Then there was Mr. Wonderful and the question of what changes the merger would mean to her life? What offer would Iron Shorts make her, and would she be the CEO of Advanced here in Atlanta? I wanted to ask her all of that but couldn’t let go of this feeling and the way she looked this very second. This instant was something I knew I should mentally lock away as a moment to remember.
But I couldn’t help myself. Somehow, I had become the one with random thoughts. My hand began drifting over her back and I sighed. “What?” she asked.
“The emails…” 
She put her hand over my mouth. “Not right now.”
“What about Mr. Wonderful?”
“He’s wonderful, but I think he has different plans for me than I do. I’m not myself around him anymore…Not like this. This is me, Willy. This is what I want.”
“What about the merger? Where’ll you end up?”
“Hey, when did you become the worry wart? Leave the worrying to me. I’m a professional at it, believe me. That’s what I do.”
I lifted her up until we were face to face. “I love you. You know that?”
She smiled. “You give off a few hints. I love you too.”
I untied her robe and brought her bare body against me. “Maybe we should call in sick tomorrow. You, me, and some room service. How does that sound?”
She gave off a couple fake sniffles.
“Ooh, that sounds bad,” I said before we kissed. “Have I got some medicine for you.”
Amanda pulled back and locked on my eyes as was our habit. When she did a smile curled her lips and shone in her eyes. My eyes were willing victims, and we linked together, and it drew us into one another. There was no space between us anymore. A feeling of contentment billowed around me and I felt no longer in a hotel room but in an ocean of green and gold light lifting me, cradling me, and pulling me deeper into Amanda. It dwarfed all the feelings I had had with Amanda the entire day. We floated in the feeling for a long moment intertwined mentally and physically before it slowly faded and left us back on Amanda’s balcony. I took a couple of deep breaths before I asked, “You felt that too, right?”
Amanda nodded with a tear running down her cheek and an uncertain questioning look on her face.

***

CHAPTER 24 – The Pool

Circa September 2019 Atlanta, GA  USA
We’re angels. What else is there to do?



ARCHIE
	Thursday morning, both Amanda and William left voicemails and text cover stories as to their whereabouts, sending up raging red flags. I sat up against the headboard and wondered. Just then, Eva came bounding out of the bathroom and leapt up beside me on the bed, interrupting my thoughts. She fluffed me like a pillow and buried her head on my shoulder. 
“Where do you think they are?” I wondered.
“Can’t be good for you old boy.”
“Or for you,” I countered.
“I don’t know, I’m not complaining. Being with you isn’t half bad, if you can put up with the orgasms, the love, and constant arousal,” she said as if each part of the statement lowered her into an ever increasing depression.
“You’re not such a pain either.” The realization made me wonder. Eva’s presence was like being thrown a life preserver. Perhaps there was a way out of the lake of guilt I felt about keeping Amanda safe. Maybe there was another way to put out the fiery image of letting down Amanda that constantly haunted me, a way to dry that single tear I had carried all these years. Perhaps Eva in her own perverse way had shown me a road to peace. So, I fluffed and began making light of my connection to Amanda.  “Hell, I’m probably losing Amanda anyway. She’s too friggin’ smart.”
“Poor baby. Women are too smart for you. I tell you it’s the boobs.  Take William. I can shake this in his face and he’ll follow me off a cliff. That’s one of the human female powers over the VSM. Let a guy try doin’ that without a wallet! See, there it is again! Great freakin’ design to make men seek out their soulmates with abandon. You gotta hand it to the Big Guy.”
“I know Amanda. When they’re back together, you can shake it all you want but he won’t follow you…I probably will, though.”
“Is that a challenge?” she asked rising up.
“What?”
Eva dropped down on her back. “Yeah, it would be fun showing little bitch face how we Cherubim play ball. I can just see her baby mousey face, boo hoo.”
“That sounds like jealousy to me. You jealous that I’ve been with her?”
Eva looked a little put back. “Maybe.”
“Thought we had a deal? I agreed to keep you happy if you would behave.”
“I know, Arch. I was just talking past tense me. I thought about the course of my life and realized if the Big Guy was my co-pilot, maybe we should just switch seats. You’re doing a super job, though.”
“Yes, what page were we on, 107?”
“How about an Eva’s book page 1732? We can do rock-paper-scissors for who gets to use the vibrator on who. What genius invented these things anyway?” Eva questioned as she inspected the vibrator in her hands.

***

AMANDA
	“Thanks, for your concern, Mr. Montgomery, but I assure you I’ll be fine in the morning. Some long hours and no sleep just caught up with me. I’ve been in touch with the whole team and we didn’t miss a beat.” Like teenagers William rubbed my body and tried his best to make me slip up as I spoke. “William? He’s still out at the branch as far as I know. The interface is up and running great. Archie? The last I heard he was under the weather too. Maybe we all caught a bug somewhere. Any way, it is mostly in the hands of the lawyers now. I would say Jason and I don’t have any issues. I think I’ll be back in New York in a couple of days. Hopefully the legal team will have something for you by then for the shareholders meeting. I already have some numbers for you… Well, thank you. That’s great. See you then.” As I touched the phone to end the call, we began laughing like children as I was holding it in while William had tickled me. 

***

ARCHIE
	Friday noon I joined Eva at the pool side café for lunch. She and her thong style bathing suit had been there for an hour catching some rays and drawing in the flies of numerous hopeful men who could sense her vibrance and see how much bare skin she showed to their VSM’s. In case you were wondering, it is hell for a man to be with a woman when you know all eyes are on her and in the back of her mind is the perpetual Bigger-Better-Deal. In my case it was a bit better as I knew I was the only Cherubim amongst this group of mere flies. Having been through this before I expected her focus would be everywhere but on me. Needless to say, I was very surprised to watch her politely refuse two young men and then put on a robe to prevent a repeat performance. She looked up and zeroed in on me with a smile and a wave.
	“Having fun with your deplorables?” I asked when I reached her.
	“Nooo, I’ve been fine, just waiting for you.”
	“Right.”
	“No, really. You don’t trust me even after Eva 792 last night? When my second orgasm module kicked in…you had me speaking in tongues,” she said making a silly face.  “Maybe I should get a third one.  Anyway, William had nothing on you last night. I might even switch teams. How does team Archie sound?”	
	I didn’t answer right away because I somehow sensed sincerity, something Eva used to have loads of before being assigned to Earth. “What you would consider giving up all your evil play toys, William torturing, and Amanda hating, for me?”
	“Well, it doesn’t sound so great when you put it that way,” she said acting concerned, trying to make a joke. “Of course,” she said slapping my shoulder and smiling. “I’m telling you it’s you and me, baby. Gonna fuse and we ain’t gonna lose.”
 Something in her demeanor was different and I almost believed her. Her new theory on the possibility of Cherubim fusing and our rediscovering one another of late seemed to have made a change in her. And I intended to pry open this crack of an opportunity. I smiled at her and felt like she was looking back at only me and ignoring all the other’s around us. That is until I looked left. “Oh Shit!”
	“What?”
	I went into panic mode when I saw Isaiah, our boss, pacing long strides on a bee line to us. I don’t think he even knew Eva was here and I knew she was on his shit list. What made matters worse was the speedo he wore and seemed to be coming out of in numerous unfortunate places. What devil told him that looked good or even blended with humans? “Incoming,” I said gesturing to Isaiah. I turned to warn Eva only to see her empty chair moved back and her glass rocking on the table. I found her a few steps away holding a towel up like a curtain. “Come on back. It’s too late to run. Just let me do the talking.” Reluctantly she gave in and sulked back into her chair.
	“Well, well well, what a lucky all-powerful top-level administrator I am to find the two of you here. Isn’t this just a wonderful toofer for me? It’ll save me all kinds of time.”
	“Isaiah, Eva is here to…”
	“Can it, speed bump. I’m not here to chew out your ass or send her back to where she belongs, as much as I would just freakin’ love to do both. No, I just received some remarkable information that you just may know something about, Archie.”
	“Oh?”
	“Oh, indeed. When I think weird events, your name just pops into of my head. Tell me why that is?” He wiggled his speedo into a metal chair at our table and checked to see what we were drinking. Eva’s mint julip was his first victim, drained in seconds. “There was a spike. Background fusion readings run about .0000000006 on Earth. Most mornings I don’t even check the reports cause its always the same with a tiny blip now and then.” Isaiah leaned in and looked around checking that no one was near enough to hear. “Yesterday, there was a spike for 76 milliseconds reading .92. That is the highest reading recorded since 1937. You remember the Philadelphia Fusion? Not your client as I remember. But we just might have something here. You wouldn’t know anything about it, would you Archie Boy? Or maybe you, Ms. Mars-doesn’t-need-an-atmosphere? How are humans supposed to fulfill their destiny to expand beyond this rock without an atmosphere on Mars? Viruses, mosquitoes, all on your watch if I recall.”
	“Hey, you said you wanted little pets, so I made mini ones,” Eva mumbled defensively.
	“Pets my ass. So, Ms. Little pets, you know anything about…anything?”
	Eva winced at that comment and shook her head no. “I don’t know anything about it. All that stuff is in my past. Sir, with Arch’s help, I’m a born-again Angel…really.” 
	“Yes, you’re not acting like yourself. I noticed the improvement right away. Thank goodness. I am certain the whole planet will be relieved.”
I became irate at his insinuations. “Why the hell should I know? My client has split up with his match. I’m trying but…”
	Isaiah sighed in frustration. “Because, empty taco, the coordinates of the readings were here, right here and you two losers are the only Cherubim within a hundred miles. So, your little I-don’t-know-cause-I’m-a-bumbling-Harry-Potter act won’t work on me. My God, you expect me to fall for that, especially with public-enemy-number-one at your side? You two are up to something and I don’t like not being part of the game. Teamwork is critical for us. Without it there’s no one else for me to blame. So, what is it Archie, come clean. This is big news and its time you shared what you’re doing. I know there is a side of you that’s a potent angel, so what are you up to? Can you imagine that reading going over 1.2 and we actually have a fusion on my watch? But how do I take credit for it if I don’t even know about it?” Isaiah looked up and smiled. “They’d kick me upstairs forever. Maybe work for the Big Guy himself. No more diaper changing the likes of you! So, what are you up to? Dish it or its those slugs on Alpha Centauri for you, Arch, and its hell to pay for you Missy and I mean literally.”
	My face was a blank. “I have no idea.”
	Isaiah dug deep one of Eva’s nachos and held it before his lips prior to snapping it down. “Harrrrry. Come on and tell me, Harrrrry,” he said in a Harry Potter style English accent. “Before Dumbledore comes over there and breaks your friggin wand in half!”
	“I, I don’t have a clue! We’ll have to try to figure it out,” I said, feeling nervous. “I’ve never been afraid of a challenge.”
	“It’s great that you don’t know the meaning of fear. It’s just all those other words you don’t know that I worry about like honor, integrity, duty... good sense. He directed a stare at Eva. “And you? You never screw with things do you...Nazis were just misunderstood romantics? Who were you kidding?” Eva briefly put her finger beneath her nose imitating Hitler’s mustache as a defense, but then thought better of it. “Maybe you have some weird unapproved fusion plan, like that shit show on mars.”
	Eva stammered too. “I have no idea about any fusion. I’m just supporting Archie. He’s really hard at work every day and night. Archie’s meticulously strict at pinning down the job for me. He knows what he wants to do and goes right after it, believe you me,” she said with an arrow gesture. “If anyone can get to the bottom of this, its him.”
	Her bedroom innuendo made me smile. “My client is involved in a big corporate thing and I’m here just trying to help him along. Routine stuff. Definitely no fusion spikes…Eva’s been a big help. She’s learned from her past mistakes and is handling her client and my client daily. It might surprise you but, she’s really great in every position I’ve given her.” 
	Isaiah chomped down some more nachos and looked from my face to Eva’s then back again. The uneasy contortion of his face told me he smelled BS. He pointed the index of finger of each hand at us then back at his eyes as he pushed away his chair and stood. He turned to leave then turned back to us. “Last chance to come clean before the storm. If you are up to something and I am caught flat footed, I swear…”
	I looked at Eva and we both turned to Isaiah and shrugged. I debated telling Isaiah about Eva’s theory of Cherubim fusion. “Listen, boss can I tell you a funny story?”
	“No!” Isaiah said definitively. He huffed. He looked at the sky then studied each of our innocent faces. Isaiah shook his head. “What a crack crew I have here. Near fusion and you clowns don’t know a thing.” He pointed at us with a finger as wide of a small tree before swinging his arms to the sky. “Yeah, it is warm today. Good fusion weather. Guess I’ll just have to cool off a bit.”  He turned and stepped over to the pool doing a cannon ball that almost drained it. I thought being sprayed with water was bad enough, but then I saw his speedo float to the surface beside him. He quickly grabbed it, struggled to put it on underwater, then began to stately swim, slow steady butt-crack laps in the pool as those who hadn’t been ejected from the pool by his dive rapidly made way.
	Eva had her hand over her mouth, but I could still tell she was excited rather than concerned over Isaiah’s visit. “I told you.”
	“What?”
	“The spike.” Then she pointed to herself and at me over and over. “It was us. I told you we feel like humans together…Well, the spike was us. Remember, we both saw stars? I told you we can fuse, like soulmates. I friggin’ told you!”
	“No,way!”
	“Big way. Why not? Who else could it have been? We’ve been together for…forever. Who would be more likely to fuse than us? I told you. This, us, feels human. Last night when we…well you know. I’ll bet that was it. Up to .92..But it felt like 3.0!”
	“But it only lasted 76 milliseconds.”
	“My point exactly! That’s twice as long as you normally last.”
“Funny, like so funny.” Inside I smiled and wanted to believe her. We had gotten much of our…togetherness back recently. She had me not missing the amusement of Amanda that much while she slowly drained my lake of guilt. “So, you think it was us?”
	“You have a better explanation? But how do you reveal this to them in a way they can handle? I wonder if the Big Guy knows his theory works on Cherubim? Or maybe that was his plan all long! Think about it. He immediately brought the Cherubim here! Humans fuse for shit.”
	“Eva, we can’t tell anyone yet.”
	“Oh, yeah, better to tell them after a fusion happens! So, how do we tell them and fuse?”
	Now it was my turn to smile and I looked up at Eva while we both said together, “We fuckin’ do it again!”
	I watched the speedo get out of the pool and pace watery footprints back into the hotel. Our heart rates went back to normal, we restocked an order of drinks, and Eva threw her nachos away. I sat pondering if Eva’s theory could be true as we both sipped mint julips.
That was when my eyes felt drawn to the image of Amanda walking toward us while the breeze blew her light short dress. A way behind her just coming out of the hotel was William in a tee shirt and bathing suit, having a conversation with a server. Amanda locked her eyes on me with her hand swaying a greeting. I waved back and began to spin my thoughts on who Eva was and why she was with me. As Amanda reached the table she stopped and stared at Eva with recognition, shock and disbelief exploding on her face. She stepped back then studied Eva from head to toe now her shock turning to anger. She shook her head and ran back the way she had come without uttering a sound. As she stormed by the pool, William had the misfortune of meeting up with her irritated fury. Amanda stopped him then unceremoniously pushed William into the pool. She struggled to speak in exasperation, “You brought your fucking whore here? Really?” Then she threw down her arms in frustration and ran back into the hotel. William jumped up the side of the pool and dripped his way after her.
	I made a blasé sigh and looked at Eva with frustrated melancholy. “Your work?”
	Eva shook her head and looked firmly innocent, “I didn’t plan this. I’m sorry. I didn’t know she’d come to the pool! Little princess. I thought witches melted when they got wet.”
	“How does she know you?”
	“She may or may not remember me from when she came to William’s apartment.”
	“And?”
“My apartment is next door.”
	“And?”
	Eva looked frustrated, “I told her she could come in and watch William and I doin’ it.”	
	“So, he was there too?”
	“Not really.”
	“So, you were just fucking with her?”
	Eva gave a cringing smile, “Sorta.”
“So, you were one of the women in the emails who freaked Amanda out?”
	Eva shrugged. “I’m sorry. It was my thing back then. I couldn’t let her have both of you.”
	“This is what’s got to stop! If you and I are back, then no more of this shit. We’re Cherubim, our job is to get those two together.”
	“Like you weren’t happy about it? I kept him away from her and you liked it.”
	“I did. But I’ve got to be honest. Amanda’s like leaves in the fall that come around for a few days. They’re beautiful, their comfortable, their amazing, but I still live the rest of the year when they’re gone.” I looked into her doubting face. “No, really. I’m shallow, Ok, happy? I just think she’s hot. There I said it. I’ll get this VSM taken out.”
	“Blah! Over my dead hot body! I’ve learned to love that littl’ sucker… Archie, you could have just avoided all this if you had stayed with me.”
	“You might be right. But you were a holy mess… I don’t think I need Amanda anymore. Like you said a long time ago, I’ve been on the shore fishing just looking stupid with my pole in my hand. It’s time I drop the pole and get to work.”
	“What about that thing you said she does with her back?”
	The question made me smile. “Yeah there is that.”
	“Can you show me how she does it? I’ll bet I’m ten times better.”
	I leaned in toward Eva. “You know I bet you would be. So, we’re in agreement. No more playing with William and no more torturing Amanda? We are straight-up Cherubim from now on. It’s you and me, together. And we start by getting those two off the board. Then two more and then two more.”
	“Agreed, if we don’t fuse first. Adding that back thing just might do it.”
	“So, what else did you do? If I am going to get them together, I have to know where the landmines are.”
	“Landmines?”
	I was exasperated, “It’s just a phrase! What did you do to blow them apart?”
	“Oh, cause if you really meant landmines, I’ve got landmines.” Eva looked down and sighed. “His computer. It was me who put all that crap on there to break them up for you. I knew you wanted her, so I settled for William. It hasn’t been so bad all these years, has it?”
	“See that’s it. The two of them are caught in a chicken and the egg problem.”
	“Chicken? Humans always talking about chickens and now you bring in an egg? That’s a chicken too right? Got ya!”
	“Forget the chickens. It just means they are at an impasse. She sees the downloaded files and can’t get beyond it and he has no way to prove he’s innocent because of them.”
	Eva smiled. “See, I do good work…Oh, but that’s a bad thing now, isn’t it? Which one is the egg and who’s the chicken?”
	I waved my hands in frustration. “Forget all that just how did you do it?”
	“Installed a trojan that downloaded all the files and emails. He didn’t even know they were there till she found them.”
	“How’d she know where to look?”
	Eva looked at me like I was the dumbest person on the planet. “Earth Women, it’s what they do. Just a clue for you…never take a shower.”
	“So, you downloaded them all at once or a little every day?”
	“Do I look like a computer geek? One and done, baby.”
	“We just explain the files, remove the impasse, and let nature takes its course, voila! Ok, you are going to make this right.”
	“Me? Have you never heard the phrase ‘A woman scorned’? She ain’t talkin’ to me and if she does it would be more like flying fur than a conversation.”
“Ok, I’ll do it. Give me your computer.”
“Be my guest.”  We stood up and gathered our things. “You know Arch, I feel really bad now, about William and what I did to Amanda. I just should have trusted coming to you.”
	I stood amazed. “You do?”
	“Yeah, now that I feel close to you, I can see how badly what I did hurt her.”
	“Bravo, the old Eva is back.”
	She gave me a kiss on the cheek. “I never left. Even angels can get jealous you know…How about first you show me that ‘back’ thing she does?”
	“I don’t know. That’s taking a chance. It could be too powerful with you doing it, fusion city. But if we fuse before we get them together, it’ll be on your head.”
	As we walked back to the hotel, Eva looped her arm around mine and leaned against me. Her face began beaming. “You know I kinda like being good. This might be a blast. Matching soulmates one after the other. Fusing shit all day long. Making people happy by the dozens, joy, happiness, creating life.” Then her face soured. “What a fucking nightmare! We can still do a little voyeur…You’re a voyeur too right?”
	“We’re angels. What else is there to do? Lots of watching fools.”
		
	***

CHAPTER 25 – Both Shaken and Stirred

Circa September 2019 Atlanta, GA  USA
Don’t count your chickens



AMANDA
	I was shaking. I was so unglued, and my controllable world was now chaotic. William had me believing down to my core that it was just us, together. Forgiving the crap on his computer would be worth it all. What we had together was real, right?
	But then by the pool I saw those tattooed arms, the same snake in a rose garden design, the same funky blue hair, the same devilish eyes. Why would William bring her along, why? I suppose my being with Archie freed him a bit from responsibility, but if he loved me and he knew who he wanted, why would he need a diversion? It made me wonder how strong his love was or how weak his commitment to being with me. Suddenly a billion-dollar merger was the farthest thing from my mind. Compose yourself girl. Handle it. You’ve been through worse.
	I had already told him to leave the first time he pounded on the door. Then I did it again when he pounded a second time. It was the third time I sent him away that I was most proud of. The incredible peaks with him had turned into out-of-the-blue lows for no reason and it was just too painful a ride. So, when another knock came, I was ready.
	“Go fuck yourself, William,” I said never using that word so I could save it for emphasis at times like this so he would know I meant business.
	“Amanda, it’s me Archie. I was hoping we could talk. Are you Ok?”
	I opened the door for him. I didn’t really want to see him, but any port in a storm. He stood sheepishly with a computer under his arm dressed in expensive shirt and slacks.
	“I saw what happened at the pool. Are you Ok? Something happen with the merger?”
	I laughed at the irony of the word. Beside the merger with Advanced I was struggling with a merger with William. “No… that merger is just jim-dandy-fine.”
	“William?”
	“William! How’d you guess?”
	“Wasn’t hard with the big splash and all. I didn’t even know you two were together.”
	I roamed the room for a second then settled on the sofa where Archie joined me. “It just happened. I’m really sorry Archie, but we just…”
	“Don’t worry about me at the moment. I’m a big boy. Is this about Eva? Cause if so, I can explain.”
	“Eva? That’s the whore’s name?”
	“Amanda, Eva’s with me.” 
	“Oh, so you’re cheating on me too! I must be a real winner, or she must be…quite a slut! You know what she said to me? She asked if I wanted to watch her and William goin’ at it. Maybe you, William, and the whore can make a great threesome!”
	“William has nothing to do with her being here. I doubt he even knows she’s here. So, it’s me you should have pushed in the pool.”
	I pretended to get up, “Okay, then let’s go to the pool.”
	“Not kidding. You should apologize to William. He’s not my favorite person, but he doesn’t deserve this one.”
	I felt myself lightening up on William but not wanting to. “Ok, so how am I supposed to deal with the ‘other problem’? I saw some pretty racy stuff on his computer. A fairy just put those there? That’s why we broke up. How can I just trust him?”
	Archie sighed and opened the laptop. “Your right it wasn’t a fairy, although fairies have been known for their penchant for porn. This is Eva’s computer. She really feels terrible about doing it, but was afraid to tell you herself, something about flying fur.”
	“Well, she was right about that!”
	“She is honestly sorry. This is her idea to make things right with you.”
	“Okay,” Amanda said with a ton of disbelief.
“Remember what you saw on William’s computer?” he said while starting the computer.
	“It’s sizzled in my brain.”
	“So, would you find it a little odd if those same exact files were on Eva’s computer.”
	I hesitated for a bit, but then decided to hold onto my anger. “It wouldn’t surprise me. They probably traded filth all the time.”
	“These aren’t photos of her; believe me. And the emails are all from different women. Those other women’s emails wouldn’t be on Eva’s computer, would they?” Archie began tapping through her computer, searching through her files, and a healthy collection of porn. One photo made him stop and turn his head sideways to match the photo. Then he chuckled and explained before he moved on, “That’s German. Really kinky and nimble.” It took a few moments but finally he landed on a file called ‘william-trojan’. He clicked it open and dozens of sub files appeared. There were videos, photos, and text files. “Here we go,” he said opening photo file after photo file. “These look familiar?”
	I remembered several of them and nodded. Then he opened text files revealing email after email and text after text. “How about these?”
	I stared in surprise. “Yes, but…how did she get a copy of what’s on his computer?”
	Archie shook his head. “Not a copy. This is the source that she installed onto his computer. See this exe file up here? That’s the program that she used to install all this onto his computer. I can send this file to you and it will install on your computer too. He clicked on an innocent email she sent, and it installed all this crap. These emails aren’t from her. These are all emails and pictures from women she made up.”
	“Why the hell would she do that?”
	Archie held out his hands. “Long story. What you need to know is that William was never flirting with other women. Eva, your buddy, sent this there for you to find.”
	“You’re losing me. Why would she even give a crap about me and William? And how do you know about this mess? It doesn’t make any sense,” said Amanda shaking her head.
	“It makes perfect sense if she wanted to break you and William up.”
“Again, she doesn’t know me, and she didn’t know William when we broke up. She moved in later.”
	“Yes, but she knew me. I know her. Have for years.”
	“So?”
	“So, she wanted to clean the way for me to meet you and worm her way up against William with you out of the way. A two-fer.”
	“Yeah, right,” I said getting up and pacing. “So, you and I was nothing. It was all set up by someone who apparently is your whore. She’s somebody’s whore! I’m confused.”
	“Forget me, forget us for the moment. The point here is you and William broke up for no reason. You should be together, not throwing him in a pool. Would you ever have broken up if it weren’t for these faked emails? Of course not. Even now, you’re trying to find a way back to each other again. Without the emails, I never come along. See that was Eva’s plan. She gave me her computer and asked me to explain it all to you and tell you she was really sorry.”
	“The plan worked. I am like so stupid to be played…Wait! I never get played! So, why are you telling me all this?”
	“Eva split you up and I went along with it. When I saw you dunk him at the pool, I just started feeling guilty about it. You don’t want me anyway. You want him. That’s when Eva and I decided to tell you all this so you and William could reconnect.” 	
	I stood and stared into space for a long moment trying to direct my thoughts and call in my reserve brain power.
	Finally, Archie stood up and joined me. “I can tell you how you can prove it. Wouldn’t you like to know William has always wanted you and you’ve wasted all this time when you could have been together?”
	“How do I prove it?”
	“This is pretty damn good proof, if you ask me,” he said shaking the laptop. “But if you need more look at his computer. Check the system dates on all the files you are worried about. You’ll find that they were all loaded the same date and time, and that was when she put them there. If it were normal conversation, it would be over the span of days, but not these. They all appeared at the same instant that Eva loaded them there.” He moved in close. “William loves you. He never left you. You need to let him off the hook for things he’s never done.” I paused and the honesty got stuck in my throat. “Amanda, William has loved you for years and years…forever.”
	I rubbed my temples and paced. “You know this is a crazy explanation, Arch.”
	“Insane. But even if there is a tiny chance its true, isn’t it worth knowing? Would you rather believe the 99.99% evidence in front of you or the .0001% chance he did something wrong?”
	“I’ve made up my mind. Don’t try confusing me with facts,” I said smiling, a little. “I pushed him in the friggin’ pool! He’s going to hate me.”
	“Right, that’s why he knocked on your door to tell you how much he hates you. What did he come back a second time?”
	“Three.”
	“Oh, boy, sounds like he really hates you!” Arch moved toward the door. “I’m going to leave now and let you think. You’ll know what to do, you always do. As far as Eva is concerned consider her gone. She told me to tell you that she is out of your life forever.”
	“And you?”
	“It has been amazing being with you over the years. You know, I am not one to utter the word surrender. Normally you have to say it really loudly, so no one misses it. So, I am saying it to you loudly. I surrender…Now go get your man before he gets too depressed and thinks you’re just another looney.”
	I couldn’t figure out his comment of ‘over the years’ having only known him months, but I appreciated the sentiment and the honesty. I had to confess I was a little relieved at such an easy split with him, which had been on my mind for a while. I stopped him and gave him a hug. “Thanks, Archie. Thanks for everything.”
	“It’s been my pleasure. But don’t think I’m out of your life completely. I’ll be just like a guardian angel for you, always just over your shoulder if you need me.  And if that bastard gives you any trouble, just call.”
	“I’ve got your number.”
	“Not zero I hope.”
	“No, Arch. You’re a ten.”
	He waved and was gone, leaving me just as nervous and anxious as before, but now for different reasons. William had told me many times the computer files weren’t his and now I knew he was telling me the truth and I knew what fairy/whore had put them there. God, Eva was a bitch, and what had I ever done to her? When I saw her at the pool she wasn’t with William. He and I were just completing a full day in each other’s arms. She was at the pool with Archie instead, so there was reason to accept what Archie had said.
	If it were all as true as it seemed, I’d been royally played and lost William over it. God, I had treated him so badly. But if we were connected as strongly as I thought, he would still be there for me…maybe.
	Only one way to find out, I decided. I paced and took some deep breaths trying to calm, while I wondered what to say to William. All along I wondered if I believed Archie’s story. The facts and the computer seemed to make sense. Drawing a picture of everything that had happened and everything I’d felt, the pieces seemed to fit. I sighed, took a breath, then slid through the door on my way to William’s room. I would either find Eva there with him or just find the man I loved.

***

ARCHIE
	When I got back to my room, I found Eva in a tee shirt brushing her hair in the bathroom. 
	“How’d it go? She buy it?” Eva called out when she heard me enter.
	“I think so. The files on your computer were pretty convincing…I had no idea you had such a large porn collection on there,”
	“Oh, yeah. And its sortable by country, type, age, and sex. Kind of my to-do list.”
	“Impressive,” I joked as I put the computer down and unbuttoned my shirt.
	Eva gave me a hug. “Here, I got you a present.” She handed me a box with a bow. I looked at her in surprise. Then opened it and removed a wide brimmed fabric safari hat.
	“You told me somedays human crap comes down so heavy you need a hat. So, when it does, I’ll be there to protect you.” It made me smile and laugh as I tried on the hat. “And there’s a rolex down somewhere in the bottom of the box too, I think, and six new shirts in your closet. Are you a large or x-large? Crap that’s a set-up, don’t answer. I was gonna get you some new pants too, but the sales sucked, like ten percent off. Hell, in our room your pants are 100% off. I’ve no idea what’s wrong with me. Just felt like doing something nice for...you. The thought made her face sober into a panic.  “My God what a nightmare! I’m a sick woman. I need help! Is this what being good feels like? Anyway, I was thinking, now that I’m good and everything, if we get William and what’s her name, together, does this count as one for me too, or do you get all the credit from Isaiah?”
	“First, don’t count your chickens, and second, of course we’ll share it. We are a team, right?”
	“Fucking chickens again? Ok, I’ll bite. What chickens shouldn’t I be counting? Don’t all chickens count?” 
“I’m sorry. Yes, count them all,” I mused. Eva had been on earth, but she hadn’t been out with people like I had. You know, not torturing them and making them miserable, so colloquialisms shot over her head like Elmer Fudd trying to shoot Bugs Bunny. Ok, there’s another one, but she didn’t hear it.
“Where are these chickens? Why are human’s always talking about them? You’re chicken, chickened-out, tastes like chicken, count your chickens…What the fuck?”
“Never mind, we have bigger fish to fry.”
“Fish?”
I waved my hands and sat down, “Forget it. Sometimes you seem so innocent I forget you were an evil genius.”
“Retired. I’m an Cherubim and I’m all for good shit now!...And you, of course. It may take a while, but I’ll get it done.”
I couldn’t resist tormenting her further. “Well, you know what they say, you eat an elephant one bite at a time.”
“Elephant? Ewuuuu. Who the hell is ‘they’ and why do they say something horrible like that?...Wait, you know I have eaten elephant, tastes like chicken. So that’s it!”
I shook my head and waved off the comment. “Sorry…you know humans say the weirdest things sometimes.” I glanced down to see a cat’s erect tail stroll by then the black cat threw itself on my feet and began licking its paws. It took me a second to fully register, and then another to retain my calm. “Eva dear, do we suddenly have a cat?”
“Why do you ask? Oh, you mean Jenni-furr? I was suddenly feeling all motherly and shit. Thought maybe a kid might be a good idea. Turns out this is just a cat.”
“Where did…we, get Jenni-furr and do you know how to take care of a cat?”
“She was…around. What, don’t they just like take care of themselves? They are like animals, right? Out in the wild, killing game, chewing on plants. You know the Big Guy’s theory something has to die so the rest of them can go on.”
“Not too much wild game or many plants in our room here. I think you might want to Google it cause it doesn’t work that way.” 
Eva reflected for a moment, “Ok, I’ll give it a google.”
“Also, humans associate black cats with witches, not good for your reputation if you’re a born-again angel.”
Eva didn’t like being told what to do. She pointed a finger, “Hey, not only witches have black cats. Bitches do too.”
I bent down and pet Jenni-furr’s belly. In an instant she rolled over and began purring while pawing at my hand imploringly to continue. Suddenly, Eva plopped into my lap purring and pawing her hands on my chest for equal attention. It was irresistibly adorable, and I wrapped her in my arms while our lips joined with excitement. It’s good to be an angel. 
When Eva’s phone beeped, she got up, read a text and chuckled before her fingers flashed back a quick response.
“Who was that?”
 “Hey, I didn’t tell you, I have a new client, a great fusion candidate named Mia.”
I was stunned. “What are you talking about?”
“I’m not kidding. I am Mother friggin’ Theresa now. I am really on the straight and…narrow. That’s a thing thin people say right? Personally, I’d rather be on the straight and wide,” she said giving me a wink. “Mia is like a 3.0 fusion, easy. She just needs some help locating her soulmate. You know, so many possible soulmates, so little time. And she’s been looking in all the wrong places. This girl has potential. I can see it. I’ve already got a couple prospects. I’m gonna zing them together when we get back to New York. Ba Boom,” she said gesturing like an explosion. “Besides, I figured it out. You’re doing this all wrong. Your methods of putting soulmates together suck, like totally. I am gonna start zinging them one after the other.”
At first, I almost laughed thinking she was joking, but then her confident face told me otherwise. “Oh, really?”
“Reallllly! Better listen to me, I’m the one with the boobs. I know just what to do. Hey, I’ll let you watch and learn though. Mia is gonna pop. P-O-P.”
“I’ve been at it 50,000 years and you figured it out in twenty minutes with Mia?”
“More like fifteen and a little banter and ice cream, but yeah.”
My ego meter flew up but then I calmed, after all this was Eva doing what I wanted. “Ice cream? Great. Can’t wait to see how ice cream works. How did I ever miss a game changer like that?”
“Yeah, Arch, you have to get personal with them. You have to channel and direct them right into a perfect fit. You need to be their best friend from the beginning right until you guide them into an exact merge, B-O-O-M. Fusion baby. If a woman is insecure and doesn’t open up all the electron shells or if a guy gets all defensive and closed up, it can’t work. You gotta be close to make sure all those pathways are open…Open um up and slide um together. Sound familiar? You just need to be a tunnel channeling all that free will crap.” She shook her head. “Lover, you aren’t what you could call William’s best friend.”
The very idea of being criticized by an ex-devil fusion-novice blew my mind. Me? Then all the times she stood in my way with William brought my blood to boil. “I could be when he’s not dead!”
“Agree to disagree, or some stupid chicken-based phrase, like you really are full of chicken, Arch.”
 “Close but not catchy. Ok, I can help you work with her.”
“No friggin way. This is my chicken to count. Half a chicken for William and a full chicken for Mia. It’s my chance to prove I can do the whole enchilada.” 
“Wow, you even learned a figure of speech.”
“I do when it comes to food.”
“So, you want to do everything from soup to nuts?”
Eva gave me a questioning look. “I was talking Mexican food and now you go off on some vegetarian stuff? That’s a mixed metaphor or something…What kind of soup?”
“Don’t worry it’s just a human phrase. You’ll get used to them. They have a million of ‘um and they’re all crazy. You could write a book about them. I am so happy to hear what you’re doing. Good luck with your client. Great going Eva!” I said pulling her into a deep embrace.
“Yeah, Mia is cool, cool, cool. I see myself in her.”
“Now, wait a minute. Everything sounded great till just then.”
Eva’s face dropped feigning hurt, before she exploded a smile. “You are such an asshole.”
“And you’re friggin’ amazing.”
“Head over heels, hopelessly, hopelessly amazed?” She asked with a touch of sincere insecure Eva. I nodded slowly and fully. She began pawing lightly on my chest again. “You know, I also figured out that back thing. I just need a little more arch and a little spin into the slither. You wanna try?”
	I kissed her suddenly feeling she was my Ol’ Eva again. She almost seemed sincere, and should I say ‘cute’? At least, the cutest devil I had ever hugged. “You know I’ll bet we can fuse.”
	“Or die trying! But if we fuse, it’s my chicken.”
	I paused for a second my thoughts catching up to all the things moving around Eva. I looked into her eyes and suddenly found I trusted the sincerity I saw there. It made me take a deep breath and sigh. “You really have changed, haven’t you?”
	The honesty stopped her cold.  She stood evading my eyes for a long moment before she looked up and struggled to say,” Arch, you’ve taught me how to smile again.”
	I took hold of her for a long moment before she went back onto her usual processor, “Come on. Time to die trying,” she said taking hold of my hand.
	“Hey, afterward we can go get some ice cream and put Amanda and William together!”
	“You laugh now, but just wait till you see how I work,” she said while leading me to the bed with Jenni-furr following closely behind.
	“Meow, meoooooow?”
	“Ok, you can watch,” Eva said responding to Jenni-furr’s question.

***		
CHAPTER 26 – Fusion Illusion

Circa September 2019 Atlanta, GA  USA
A Crack Crew



WILLIAM
	When I opened the door, my eyes locked on Amanda’s face which was unlike any look I had seen from her before. The closest maybe being her look just before she leaped out of the plane sky diving. Her usual steel-like determination was flecked with flashes of fear and uncertainty. I don’t know how long we just stood there, both daring the other to turn over their cards first.
	Her hair was flat without its usual bounce. She wore the same dress she had on at the pool. Overall, she looked like she had taken hours to ‘rush’ over here. I stood barefoot just wearing jeans and anxiety. Finally, I couldn’t play any longer and waved her in, “Come in, unless you’d like us to run out to the pool for another go. Best two out of three?” I joked because I was nervous, but also because I was just glad to see her despite being baffled.
	“I’m sorry about that,” she said sincerely but without taking a step. 
	“It was a hot day. I had my suit on already. I was asking for it really.” Damn, not even a wrinkle of a smile. Her still face, even after my attempt at anxiety lowering humor, made me guess she still did not feel comfortable about her reception. 
“Come on, come in. You’re not armed, are you?” I asked sweeping my arm like a security guard looking for metal.
 “Just these two,” she said, holding up her arms. “William, I don’t know what to say.”
“Uhhh, that sounds bad and totally unlike you,” I said trying to burn off the anticipation of pain to come. I had often dreamed of leaving her speechless, just not like this.
She paced into my small hotel room and over to the window with her head down and the turbines in her brain spinning harder than I had ever seen. “I think I screwed up. I think I got played like a violin, no probably a tuba, or something gross.”
“Oh, so you got glockenspiel-ed?” Not even a twitter. “What is this crazy shit about, the merger? You over stressed?” I said closing in feeling her sincere struggle.
She threw down her arms. “Hell, I’m just gonna do it and get it over with.” She went to my desk and flipped open my computer just like her assertive self. “Password still the same?”
“Yep, ‘AmandasEYES32’. Why?”
While she began tapping away and shooting screen after screen, I moved in. “What’s this all about? Is it Prime day and I didn’t know? Don’t use my credit card!” Finally, I saw her slow onto a list of files I remembered. “Why are you looking at those?”
Amanda sighed. “I’m amazed you didn’t delete these. I imagine you would if you were trying to hide them.”
I flustered. “Those are the only way I can show I never sent any of that crap. Someday I’m going to prove that to you.”
After finishing her search, Amanda quieted her flashing fingers and closed the computer. “You just did.” She turned and I could see a quiver in her cheeks and a tear forming. She assaulted me with a viselike hug. “Willy, I am sooo sorry. You just love me, don’t you? All the time, and I am an ass to doubt it.”
“Well, there was the pool.”
It made her huff of chuckle into my chest. “Stop trying to make me feel better.” Hey, at least a chuckle was something.
I gently swayed her. “You’re right though. It feels like I have loved you for hundreds and hundreds of years. From the second I saw those eyes it was like someone closed a door behind me and my path was set to you. Dealing with the emails and Mr. Wonderful have been a frustrating hell for me.”
“And Eva for me.”
“Eva? What does my neighbor have to do with this?”
Amanda pulled away. “Willy, where’s Eva right now?”
“How the hell would I know?”
“Tell me the truth. Is she in New York?”
“She lives there! You want to zoom call her and see or something? Who cares anyway? Besides, how in God’s name do you even know who she is?”
“Maybe you didn’t see cause you were talking to that waiter, but she was at the pool…with Archie.”
“That’s crazy. How would those two even know each other?”
Amanda fell back into my chest and shook her head. “I am such an idiot. I am soooo sorry about today. It was just the tattoos, the hallway, and her wanting me to watch you two doin’ it. I wasted all this time.”
“Pardon me, did you just speak Portuguese? What does that mean?”
She pulled away again. “Never mind,” she said shaking her head and a smile leaping to her face. “Never God damn mind.” She kissed me with sudden abandon. I didn’t mind a tiny bit, but I did feel wonder at how we had made up without my using all the material and zingers I had planned. But I wasn’t complaining. She extended her arms and pushed me back on the bed while she made quick work removing her dress. But I wasn’t complaining.
She yanked off my jeans and chuckled at how ready I was for her already. She climbed over me, slid down on me, and began to do that magical thing she does with her back. She must just have a couple extra vertebrae. But I wasn’t complaining. Sometimes her being assertively opinionated was just fine.
***

ARCHIE
Eva slithered up and down my entire length while using the arch of her back and butt to hit both of us at tantalizing angles. When her moans couldn’t even catch up with one another she began stroking down on me relentlessly. When she again screamed thunderously, I did too in a howling chorus like two wolves loud enough to wake the dead. Just as before the dead materialized beside the bed, but this time they had popcorn and had appeared to have been there for a while.
Eva huffed and slowly capsized off of me onto her back like someone having just cleared the dessert tables at an all-you-can-eat buffet. When the blood returned to our brains, we both simultaneously raised our heads and looked around the room. Then I rushed to look at my phone for a fusion confirming message from Isaiah.
“You think that was it? It felt stronger than a .92,” Eva said in a panic.
“And longer than 76 milliseconds.”
Eva growled a chuckle. “A lot longer.”
We both stayed still looking around the room for some sign of fusion or a confirming phone call from Isaiah. After a few moments, we turned our eyes to look hopefully at one another. After a long unproductive moment, we both sighed and said together, “Nothing.”
“Nothing???!!!!” Eva complained.
“Meow (nothing),” Jenni-furr concurred from my pillow.
I started to wonder if we had it right. “Are you sure this is the way you fuse? Now that I think of it, last couple I had that fused wasn’t doing it.”
Eva shook her head and looked determined. “This is the way I do it!”  Eva took several breaths in thought, then turned to me and we said to each other simultaneously, “Again?”
“This fusion is tough work…where’s the damn ice cream? We could try that,” I suggested. 

***
	
AMANDA
	William and I had been walking hand in hand while evening turned to night. We found ourselves aimlessly drifting through Piedmont Park in downtown Atlanta. It was the only open green spot we came across. We meandered through the tree lined walks, sat on a bench in the meadows, then drifted toward the lake. Throughout our walk were periods of silent togetherness, confessions, explanations, and dreams. It was the kind of bliss I hadn’t felt since being together on the roof top in New York, yet somehow it was more, as if two things pressed against each other could ever get closer. Yet somehow, we did.
	We looped arms and drifted along the path toward the lake. William looked up at the stars and took a breath. “How about…after this whole merger thing is over, we find ourselves in one of those cottages they’ve built in the ocean at the beach in Fiji, you, me, sun, and ocean breezes?”
	“Sounds great. I‘ve always wanted to scuba.”
	“Well, I’m certain they have that. I love to jet ski, but on the ocean in that crystal water, man that would be dope.”
	“I wonder if they have those little torpedo thingies that pulls you through the water?”
	“Or pull you around under water; Sea scooters…Wonder if they have hand gliding. I know they do in Hawaii.”
“No thank you. That skydiving was enough for me.” I went from excited to practical in just a couple of thoughts. “It’s gonna be a job to free up the time with the transition and my new position happening now.”
	“Well, then there it is. You’re gonna have to decide what your priorities are, won’t ya? Clear blue water or stress. Your responsibilities or yourself,” he said balancing his hands like a scale.
	His comment spurred the independence within me. “You know you’re right. It’s me and it’s you. The rest is work around. They wouldn’t even have the deal without me. The free time’ll be part of my package… You say these cottages are actually in the water?” She said switching back to excited.
	“Yep, clear acrylic panels in the floor so you can see the fish.”
	“Acrylic made by our company; I hope.”
	“Let me check on that and I’ll get back to you,” I said sarcastically.
	“Wouldn’t it be amazing if our products were halfway around the world and we were walking on them.”
	“Now you sound like a true company person.”
	“I know, isn’t that sad? I promise I will leave that half of me at the office.”
	William stopped and took hold of my shoulders. “But I want all the pieces of you. You’re not changing for me, and I won’t ask you to. Just be all of yourself. That’s the woman I love. I find something even in the roughest side of you. I’ve got my rough edges too, but somehow we just fit and rough is smooth.”
	I hugged him. “Be careful what you ask for.” We both smiled. “You know, I feel like I’ve been working my whole life to do something really important, something amazing. I always thought God had a plan for me. I just don’t feel like CEO of Advanced Plastics is it.”
	“I don’t either. You shouldn’t always be looking outside for your success. Personally, I think you’ve been so consumed by the struggle to accomplish more and more that you’ve missed that you’ve accomplished something really amazing right here,” He said brushing his palm over my cheek. 
	His comment shot right through me like a bullet that silenced me. I wrapped him in my arms before we continued our lazy trek.
	We walked along a bridge to a gazebo in the middle of the lake and stopped to look out at the night. A breeze blew comfort while the late hour made us feel alone. It was a star lit night with their reflections bouncing off the water. The pale illumination came from lamp posts lighting the pathway. We turned toward one another with smiles. William ran his hand through my hair which always was special to me. As was our custom, our eyes targeted one another and locked in, tunneled together and moving as one. In sync, we took a deep breath and let it out. It felt like he was milling around inside my head, but I welcomed it, invited it. Our smiles grew as did our focus on one another. 
Suddenly I felt the sensation of pleasure without William touching me. It grew into the high of the most wonderful drug. Suddenly I moaned like in the rapture of our most wonderful sexual experience. I could tell William was feeling it too. It was like we were floating encircled in warmth and whirling brilliant light. The prolonged ecstasy consumed both of us. “William!” I cried before a vast green light encircled us with rays of golden light shooting in all directions. The sound was deafening, electrical discharges, thunderous winds. We couldn’t move. We seemed to be a nucleus that was the eye of a storm. In a flash of focused golden lights, suddenly we were no longer in Atlanta. We were no longer on Earth. We shot together through the atmosphere and into space, riding a billowing wave of light. 
In a momentary flash we were somewhere else. Below us strange planets we passed turned green and others blue in our wake as we rocketed by. I marveled as my breath and William’s blew out and caused dark rocks to become teaming with activity and life. It was like an enormous string of lights that we had set glowing in the emptiness of space. On the planets, oceans filled, waterfalls began to cascade, and creatures of all types began to roam. We continued bringing life everywhere we traveled but best of all we felt part of every new bit of life we created, like it was a vast extension of our bodies. We were part of entire planets suddenly waking to life and all the life forms appearing on them. I reveled in the feeling of vastness and wholeness.
 All at once, a contented feeling engulfed me. Images of my childhood and struggles in life flashed through my mind before I realized, this was the satisfying purpose I had been seeking my whole life. All the tear wrenching pain and mind-numbing frustration of my youth suddenly seemed a small price to pay for this. 
Then I remember being drawn toward William like a streaking flash. His face flew at me and then into me. We disappeared into one another feeding an explosion of the green and gold flash that brought more living growth. William and I were no longer two separates merging together. We had become a one, a complete wholeness, everywhere together part of this new eternal life we had created.

***

ISAIAH
	 Sometimes I hated my job, or should I say I hated being attached to my phone at all hours. When it chimed relentlessly on my nightstand with that annoying musical beeping that I had learned to hate, I awoke and groaned. My wife had been through the routine and grunted and rolled over before pulling a pillow over her head, “Bet it’s Archie at it…again,” she muttered in disgust. 
	“Yeah? What? 4.7! Halleluiah! Praise be. Where? Atlanta? Didn’t I tell you? It was in my report yesterday. That .92 was just a trial run. The duration? Off the scale!! This was the real thing! Praise be to him! How far? Andromeda to Cassiopeia, both? Holy, Holy.”  I slapped my knee in joy then I slapped my wife’s behind. 
She mumbled into her pillow, “Great, now you get frisky.” 
 	I thought for a moment then smiled like I was looking at a lottery winning ticket. “He wants to see me? Great when? Ok, my bags are packed. Of course, I’m not attached to earth. No, there’s no staff I need to bring with me. Best to leave them on Earth where they can do the most good. Oh, yeah, there’s more to come. Believe that! This is just the beginning. I’ve got a crack crew on Earth and I’ll bet they‘re hard at work this very moment.” My smiled drained a little when an image of Archie and Eva pool side sipping mint julips flashed in my mind. Somehow, I shook it off. “Yes Sir, a truly crack crew.”

	***
