


                                      




COUNT DUMB TIME
BY: DAVID PRICE

Copyright 2018
ISBN: 9781370358274











Ace Publishing
Denver
acepress@netzero.net
 







For Stevie
You made me happy. Your memory makes me happy.
                                                                                 







It is not difficult to imagine the death of my friend. One has only to imagine a shimmering tarmac in an equatorial country, a sun like a barbeque reflecting a gold embossing on his copy of the bible, a J.C. Penney’s suit with a clothespin clipped to the left leg, a ten-speed balanced at the handlebars in the non-biblical hand and a confident grin on a face the hue of homogenized milk. Some unseen communist fires a round at a bored corporal who ties his shoe at an opportune moment and the chemistry of children with grenade launchers, a shoe tied with a decidedly reactionary knot and a missionary East Jesus, my friend, is dead as the fishes.
Of course, this image is not content to play once in the theater of my head, which never tires calling “Encore!” and awaits patiently and expects the call of “author” to summon forth some suitably attired and normally retiring Master of the Universe. That it happened some seventeen years ago alters nothing. Everything remains updated; the lapels of the dead kid’s suit are widened or narrowed with the styles, the freedom fighter’s face changes with photographs which country this transpired any longer. The sun surely looked like a barbeque and heat waves issued from the pavement like the credit in an R.K.O. movie. I think, in the last seventeen years, I have not gone two days without thinking of my friend martyred without converting anyone, well, anyone of consequence. He did convert me, though it took sixteen years.
I am a reluctant Christian.
What started me thinking this thing was a small mushroom cloud rising from the heel of a child’s tennis shoe as the shoe scraped the concavity of dirt beneath the belt swing on this playground. There are many occasions while working at a preschool to call to mind the dread misfortunes of the world while watching children play. I suppose being on the playground is like perusing the first line of an actuary tale. Here are the untainted, undead survivors of the birth canal, vaccinated, pampered, diapered: nurtured, bonded or imprinted (depending on which scam you accept) and physically ripe for destruction.
I wonder who one of these tots will be drowned in a boating accident, who’ll be decapitated in aged car following the senior prom, who will slip into a carbon monoxide sleep following a financial reversal, and which child shall be known by the suburb in which he will live: “INGLEWOOD MAN KILLS WIFE, SELF.” 
When I quit drinking last year, I knew I would have to face these thoughts which had haunted my drunken mink like countenances moving in steam.
Lisa is sitting next to me, her shoulders stooped and the sun dancing like barbeque 1ight in her blond hair. She years older than my memory (the missionary's death) and nearly a woman with breasts which I have difficulty in not staring towards and a sadness to her face, which is poetic as it speaks of some dreaded disease in her forties, perhaps dengue fever or farmer’s lung. But for now, it is a summer's day and light plays in her hair and on her lips, which are the color of Silly Putty. 
She looks at me and I smile my wan, pre-wrinkling thirty-five-year-old smile, which I know brings water into my blue eyes. I confuse her. I seem to perpetually confuse her. 
“Should we take them in?” she asks. 
“Nah,” I say, “it'll be hotter than hell inside.”
 Lisa looks at her gold wristwatch. I smile again at her. She stoops her shoulders. I hope no one murders her.
The hour twixt five and six is spent in a narrow room made from thin partitions installed for a tuition credit for a long-gone carpenter's son. The room is high and the few voices of the remaining students are thin and treble filled as they crayon while Lisa and I sit opposite each other in what was a once sky blue, twelve-inch-high chair, now rendered gummy just like the evening sun burst though cobalt air and cast trapezoids on the walls, the children and us. I suppose in this quiet and weird light with the strange syringe of quiet injected into the normally noisy carcass of the school, one would welcome the elaborate shadowing on Lisa’s face. But instead, I purchase a moment of self, one in which to construct a prayer which explains myself not so much to the Lord as to myself as if by asking, He will disinterest himself from my concern so that I might right my intention as I see myself in three dimensions instead of flattened like a reflection in two dreadful directions. 
Firstly, why am I thirty-five years old and working in a preschool, a job normally held by teenagers? You know, Lord, but I tire of your ways. I suppose the stinky chemistry of neurosis explains much about me, but why am I here? Not just the here of " is" but the here of this place? And as always, back to my friend exploding on foreign soil (asphalt anyhow), why? And what of Lisa sitting across from me who is nineteen, almost twenty? Why did you make her frame the way you did, the flesh arrayed on such a lengthy suspension that her walk is a miracle? 
She is undoubtedly capable of catching some rising star, say a medical student on his way to Kiwanis Club greatness. Why am I here across from her? 
“What are you thinking about?” she asks.
“I was praying.”
“You were what?”
“Praying.”
“What? You were going to get down on your knees?”
“First, I was going to construct an altar out of Lego Blocks.”
“You don't seem like the kind of guy who'd pray.”
I shrug.
“I'm sorry,” she says, “I pray sometimes, too.”
“I'm studying to be a deacon,” I say.
“Is that like a janitor or something?” she asks.
“No, I'm not a sextant. A deacon's the lowest order of cleric in the Church.”
“What church?”
“The Catholic Church.”
“They have priests.”
“They have deacons, too.”
“What do deacons do?”
“Some of the sacraments, preach an occasional homily and a lot of counseling.”
“What are you going to counsel people on, how to make $5.50 an hour when you’re forty?”
“Put that down!” she screams at a four-year-old who freezes, his right hand above his head, clinching a Lincoln Log. I jump. The boy retires to a small orange chair. This is getting troublesome. I try to reframe my prayer so that I might see myself, but my eyes fall on Lisa. 
“You’re beautiful,” I say.
She looks in either direction and I look also, then she draws her face close to mine.
“You know what?” she whispers, “You're old.”
-*-
As I turned the brass tumbler in the orange school door, I heard a low rumbling exhaust and turned. Now I see Lisa embraced in the muscular chest of Tony, her fiancé, so she had said a month ago when I was hired and I first saw him outside the school in his white tee shirt. I have little option but to walk past the two of them. I clamber into my twelve-year-old car. I am reminded of my father, who always drove old cars but kept them spotless. He had a compass floating in a ball of fluid, the viscosity of tears, on the dashboard and a whisk broom hanging beneath the radio. The thought of my dead father and Lisa comingle and adrenaline courses through me.
As I ready to back out, feeling my car clunk into reverse, the van passes my car. With my head twisted, Lisa’s image grows larger, then smaller, framed by the van’s side window.
By the time my car reaches the intersection, I have caught up to them as they wait at a red light. In the passenger's mirror of the van, I see Lisa’s face small and briefly staring at me. The light changes and the van bounces merrily across the gutter and towards the other side of the intersection as I slowly turn left onto the cigar smoke blue pavement of the four-lane avenue whose stripes are the color of old jockey shorts. As I pass a nursery, I see a man carrying a potted tree. When I am abstracted in sadness this way, everyone else’s form seems so shaped as to merge with the geometry of the earth in perfect harmony. The man places the tree on the gate of a station wagon, and the small business transaction including the man, the station wagon and women seems so real that the cryptic ought to be constructed in cement. 
The four-lane avenue bends having passed the nursery and I cross railroad tracks which sever the tenuous connection between the road and my tires, which are as smooth as a hammer handle. The peculiar light of late day imposes a calmness to the valley and makes it greener than it really is.
I think, as I pull into the library parking lot, that I might be able to explain my condition to Lisa which involves the queer fears which started when I was about her age. I might have been twenty. They started while the blood vessel on my right forehead began to tick with my heartbeat. She, like most people, probably believes that for every human act, there is a human cause.
There are not three people in this suburb of eighty thousand who check out books from the theology section. I am one of the three and I know the other two by sight, though we have never spoken. We smile at each other when we meet on an odd Saturday afternoon exchanging great godly grins then looking intensely at the carpet. I like to see which books are missing from the small selection in order that I may guess which book is with which person. Is the Anchor bible “Psalms” with the bald, thin man or the stout hairy one? I always think when seeing five hundred pages written about twenty that perhaps there is a need for illusion transpiring. At any rate, I have never been enraptured by scripture. But I leave the library carrying a biography of Saint John of the Cross and contemplate eating at Taco Bell, but nearing the small building, I feel my stomach swell as if I already had eaten three burritos. And instead of stopping, I motor towards Safeway in my archaic car. The cashier in a pink smock with a happy face button looks sadly at my paycheck and then at my macaroni and cheese dinner. Perhaps she will think my check representing one week’s wages instead of the two it does, but I can tell from her grin that she knows I am paid bi-monthly. As I walk from her, I can picture the ill cut of my pants and the bagginess of my ancient shirt. I drop my shoulders and stare at the rubber gray mat in front of the automatic door. A yellow jolt of pain is generated as I walk headlong into the door which has refused to open for me. I was bleeding at an excellent rate by the time I reached my car, so I reversed my way to buy some Band-Aids. As I am paying for the tin of Band-Aids, I see a drop of blood fall to my shirt and expand into a macula of pink. 
“Thank you,” I say, “thank you again.”
I can stop the bleeding by plastering three Band-Aids across the wound, and now there is a fat square of pimple pond on my forehead as I pull my car into Al Bibber’s Furniture Emporium. I live above Al’s on the old boulevard in the small downtown section of this suburb which is hardly used due to the twenty shopping centers.
	I look around in the dark hallway for my copy of the newspaper. The boy refuses to climb the long narrow stairway completely to walk in the dark hallway with faded yellow flowers not rustling in a purple sky. Instead, he throws the paper down the hall as soon as his head is at floor level. I am likely to find it in the corner abutting the barred door of the long dead elevator. I must mail his payment to him.
	I set my macaroni and cheese on the table next to the Pullman kitchen. I take three jars from the cupboard and place ninety dollars in the jar with “rent” scrawled on tape affixed to the side of the jar. Thirty goes to the gasoline jar, a twenty to the food jar. I tuck the remaining money into the pocket of my pants.
	As I place the macaroni and cheese dinner on the middle rack of the oven, I hear a phone ringing in the hallway. I have never seen a neighbor. They must have their own phones. I walk through my front door to the black instrument, check the coin drop for forgotten money, and then put the receiver to my ear. 
	“Gilmore?” a child’s voice asks.
	“Yes.”
	“Gilmore Funnel?”
	“Yes?”
	“I’m sorry, okay?”
	There is a click, and three seconds later, a dial tone.
2
	I awoke with a dreariness, not having remembered falling to sleep and needing several seconds to recall having come to bed. There is an incredible sameness to my apartment, my world, but then I remember the thin voice of Lisa zinging through the telephone lines and apologizing. I rub my face and my hands encounter the square of Band-Aids on my forehead. I stumble to the bathroom and stare into the mirror, which has rust on its frame and a spider web superimposed on my near haunting features by the loss of reflective paint. I see the three Band-Aids with their tiny ventilated pads raised above the tape the color of artificial limbs. My hair sticks from my head in three shocks, right and left and up. I yawn and look back through the hall at my clock on my cardboard dresser I bought at Walgreens for seven dollars. Seven forty-five glows through the dim and smell of my sleep as I clamber into the shower.
*
The sun on the city in the morning makes the sky an ominous and opaque blue like a stage sky. A miasma of carbons churns in the air causing a magnification of the Burger King which sits on property formerly owned by the seminary and which was sold to finance a new chair in hermeneutics. The seminary, which is eighteen miles from where I live, always has an alien look to it. It is not only instant from my home but removed from the tedium of my day. People know my name. It (the part not precluded by the Burger King) looked like the brass castle my father wore on his National Guard uniform. 
	Entering the double doors formed in an arch, I smell church and school at once, the dryness of chalk and empty corridors and the sweet smell of flowers, wax and incense imbedded in seventy-five years of brick.
	By my second class, I wish that I had eaten something. I was hungry but sometimes I forget that I am hungry. We are studying the Roman soldier who asks Christ to send his word and did not ask for a visit.
	“Does that mean ‘don’t expect to see the Pope in your lifetime?’” Tom asks. Tom is entering his diaconate, only he is on his way to becoming a priest. I linger on the periphery between the soon-to-be priests who are for the most part younger than I and the mostly married soon-to-be deacons of the program in which I am enrolled and of whom youth is not only gone but forgotten.
	After classes, Monseigneur Freeman invites me to his rooms. I follow his closely cropped hair, which is the color of a backyard tennis ball, down the long hallway which reflects sounds. We climbed the stained elm stairway to his quarters where his heavy door is shut quickly and the sounds of the world cease and can hear the rustling of his cassock. He offers me a cup of coffee as my pants and his leather chair conspire to form an obscene sound. I move for several seconds trying to recreate the ersatz gastro release but fail. He wants to know of my plans as I near my practicum. I have had this conversation with him several times over the past two and one quarter years, but the conversations are growing more frequent and intense. The rest of the men in my program are aged and married. I have always sensed an uneasiness from him to me. I am intensely aware of it now.
	“You know, you are our only unmarried student in the diaconate program.” I nod, sipping a draught of scalding coffee, which burns till it hits my stomach and leaves my mouth feeling as if there were a spoon in it. I see myself the way Monseigneur Freeman must see me, a square of dirtying pink Band-Aids on a face which resembles a tough more than a student trying to camouflage a wince and who thinks nothing of farting in the presence of the Dean of Religion.
	“Gilmore, if you take your vows without marrying, you may never marry?”
	“I know,” I say, tasting the nonexistent spoon and realizing that it, along with my forehead’s wound, will be playing a small tennis match for my attention over the next week. 
	“You don’t have to take your vows this fall. Want this made perfectly clear for a while.”
	“I know,” I say.
	“I was against this from the start, but the bishop insisted.”
	“I know,” I say.”
	I reach inside my jean jacket and retrieve a packet of Camels, strike my Bic lighter, and inhale the asphalt colored smoke. 
	“Being a Priest at times reaches some of the qualities of hell.”
	“And most of that must do with deacons?” I ask. 
	“I’m sure there are, but they’re not thirty-five.”
	The program is for mature men. It specifically states, “mature men.”
	“I don’t mean to be disrespectful, but it also names the age of maturity at thirty-five.”
	“I know. The church also considers adulthood as thirteen. Most of our deacons have wives. In fact, all of them do or did.
	I suppose the silver tray next to me to be an ashtray and drop a cork textured cylinder of tobacco ash into it.
	“Oh, dear God!” Monseigneur Freeman gasps before freezing. When he does move again, he removes the tray containing the ash as if it were a tissue sample and disappears through the door to his kitchen. I smoke the rest of my cigarette, disposing of the ashes into my now removed loafer. An ache arcs across my forehead from my door wound. With my burnt mouth, cut forehead and cough I have had since working at the preschool, I make a mental note to stop at the feed store on the way home and buy some antibiotics. I slip my loafer on and tip-toe to the door and out into the hall. I close the door gently and hear the worn brass mechanism inside the latch clicks.
	“Hello.”
	I jump as I raise.  It is Tom. He is a real seminary student, studying for the priesthood, in his early twenties with a facial tone which reminds me of my long dead missionary friend who explodes in my memory. Tom’s cleric collar gives an angelic glow to his freshly washed and clean features. I notice the even length of the short hair above his ears.
	“Say, Tom, have you ever seen this small silver tray in Monseigneur Freeman’s apartment?” 
	“His offering plates?”
	“His what?”
	“Cardinal Cook gave it to him.”
	“Oh, God,” I mumble.
	“I’m sorry, Gilmore, what did you say?”
	“I used it as an ashtray,” I say. I find myself looking dumbly at the floor and the planks of oak beneath a thick atmosphere of wax.
	Tom giggles a girlish giggle, grabbing himself at his waist as his thin torso rotates about his lower lumbar and his suit coat twists about his hips.
	“You used his altar plate for an ashtray,” Tom bursts into laughter.
	“Yeah, I guess I did.”
	We go to the Burger King for coffee, foregoing the salad bar and sitting behind little Formica topped tables with our elbows on them. 
	“So, Freeman’s still worried about you being an unmarried deacon.”
	I try tasting my coffee, which has no taste since I had scalded my mouth. Not even the dry taste of Styrofoam is noticeable. I feel myself starting to sweat though it is not hot. Sometimes I break into sweats for no known reason. I can feel the heat rising from my throat into my head and it makes the wound on my forehead throb. Again, I remind myself to stop on the way home at the feed store and buy antibiotics. 
	“Maybe you could get married in the next six weeks before your practicum starts. Where are they sending you anyway?”
	“To my local parish. I’m going to do R.E.”
	Tom nods and quietly intones:
	“The magisterium.”
	The vapidity of the conversation strikes me and this morning’s conversation. Cigarette ash, Eucharistic plate and Tom suddenly become an amalgam like polished brass in front of which the image of Lisa is dancing.
She has her shoulders stooped and her lips are pouting as her eyes stare at a point in front of me.
	Tom gabs on about commitment and how it starts in the heart but lands in the head and must be made to stay there. 
	“Adulthood,” he says, “is making a commitment to something when you’re not sure of the outcome.”
	I nod vigorously.
	Strange, I feel like bursting into tears. I look at Tom in his cleric collar and two other students behind him and see the Burger King as a hamburger cathedral. Tom eats an onion ring and I feel myself staring into space the way a moment ago I imagined Lisa to be staring.
	“It’s the same for the priests of the Marion Order,” Tom says.
	“What?” I mumble as the image of Lisa ruptures.
	“They must marry their last year of seminary or never marry. I imagine the pressure gets to be pretty good.”
	“Uh, uh,” I nod and stare at the concentric rings in my coffee, seeing my face full of silver waves. I want to cry but I will not let myself and I imagine a tear falling from my eye to the coffee where it would contact then sprinkle tears and Floggers about the Styrofoam.
	My car overheats before I get to the feed store. I walk a block to a gas station, leaving my crucifix as security in return for borrowing their galvanized yet rusting water bucket with its anteater snout speckled with shit-like brown. The bucket dribbles archaic water onto my pant leg as I walk to my car. I open the hood, bang on the thermostat with my fist and promptly burn my small finger and the inward edge of my hand. I add water to the car then drive to the garage and give them back their water bucket.
“Just put it there,” the mechanic says without looking at me as he speaks to a neatly trimmed fat man in a grey suit. I quietly oblige and am almost to the feed store when I realize that I forgot to collect my crucifix. 
	“Oh, Christ,” I mumble.
*
I lick my hand where I burned it banging on the thermostat as I open the door to the feed store and approach a round man who is smoking a cigar. There is a star on his bald head from the florescent light hanging from a flat chain above us. I have been in here twice before. 
“You don’t look like any agricultural man?” He says.
I smile and nod vigorously.
“You know,” he says, “back when hippies were about, they used to come in here and try an’ buy antibiotics for their social diseases. You got a social disease?”
	“Well, there is my mental state,” I think, but simply move my head from side to side. The first time I had been in here, in this smelly shade, he gave me a straw hat which had " Gooches” painted on the front. He bags the box of horse drugs and shoves them towards me. I find that if you keep your mouth shut and pay cash, you can almost get everything you need. I suppose it would have been better to explain my inflamed forehead, hand and mouth and the hacking cough which I have had since starting at the preschool. I could have told him that I was a divinity student, which is technically true, and that I could not afford a physician, which also is true. 
	“Yaw, know, it’s against the law to practice medicine without a license?” 
	I nod.
	“May the peace of the Lord be with you,” I intone in my lowest Motown voice. His eyes widen and the cigar droops, which causes an ash to tumble to his shirts and spill to the linoleum counter.
	When I see Lisa’s car, a pale green Ford, I remove the Band-Aid from my forehead, which entails pulling my skin an inch from my face. I gaze into the rear-view mirror to see a bright pink square with a small seam the color of raisins running an inch across my forehead. After entering the school, I kneel at the sink in the boys’ bathroom, scrub my face with a liquid soap which looks like semen, then grind my heel onto one of the tablets from the feed store, which breaks into three pieces. I swallow one piece with warm water and pocket the other two, which feel like teeth when I put my hands into my pocket. 
	I tiptoe to the nap room where I spend two hours each day with Lisa as we listen to little children breath shallow breaths as they sleep. I read theology or philosophy. Lisa is slumped upon a small plastic chair. Her eyes are bright above her knit blouse, which expands quickly then recedes as she sighs. The sigh echoes about the photographs of pandas, monkeys and lions which are plastered into a photo mosaic of some two-dimensional jungle on the walls of the nap room.
	“Thank you for apologizing,” I quietly whisper to Lisa, who glances from her book then back to the page. She nods and yawns, and when her eyes open, they are wet and pointed at me. Spokes of grey pinwheel in the blue iris.
“Dr. Ballmania wants to talk to you.”
	I nod and head from the nap room. Once again, stop in the blue boy's bathroom and scour my wound. Waldo Ballmania is on the phone as I enter his office, which was once the sauna room in this building which before becoming a preschool was a clubhouse for the large apartment complex which surrounds it. Waldo is wearing his sandals. They reveal the largest toes I have ever seen. The great toe is at least four inches long, and though Waldo is six four and composed of Baby Huey tissue, his toe is still grossly out of proportion. It seems to be a separate living entity like some squat worm with hair. The thought of his huge toes and a sauna room in which hip people gave each other blow jobs depresses me and my eyes narrow as I watch Waldo screaming to the phone, scratching dandruff and rolling his small irises about in the egg white of his face.
	“Tell them Ballmania called,” he says, and the phone is abruptly returned to the desk with a quick click. 
	“Damned if I can remember what I wanted to talk to you about. This was always happening in the Navy. I’d call for someone and forget what I wanted them for.”
	“Thought it was an unconscious reaction to the Vietnam War.  Forgetting, I mean. Sometimes, think I am becoming prematurely senile but then I forget about it.” 
	“Oh, of course, now I remember,” he says placing a short index finger to his lips, “when you and Lisa take the kids out, get the squeeze-gee from the downstairs closet and hit the windows on the lower floor.
	I nod then leave as Waldo resumes phoning people. I pull a chair close to Lisa and feel her warmth in the dim.
	“Waldo told me he was captain in the Navy, I thought he was a captain in the Army,” I say.
“I thought it was the Air Force,” Lisa says.  “I think he's full of shit. 
I don't know, gay.  Sometimes people call people nuts or full of shit so we won't have to admit that I had friend when I was your age who one-night sees God while we are smoking Moroccan hashish. Next thing, he's a missionary. I thought he was crazy, nuts, full of shit.”
	“You did drugs?” I nod.
	“Well, what we?” I ask.
	“What happened to your friend?”
	“He was blown-up in a revolution.”
	“You’re crazy,” she says.
	“But you like me,” I say without thinking, with an ease I have on alternate Fridays. 
	She turns away from me smiling then turns back to me. 
	“Okay, I like you, but I like a lot of other people and please don’t tell other people that I told you that.”
	I nod. 
I feel warm water on my cheek leaving a trail of coolness back to my eye. A tear falls from my cheek and I catch it with my tongue and it tastes salty, watching the small faces slack in sleep with pouting lips and still limbs bely the moment-to-moment existence of these children who will soon crawl from their cots to face a bright afternoon while fighting, screaming and calling each other “FUCK FACE.” They are here, abandoned by both parents so that two incomes can purchase two cars, a house twice as large the one in which they were raised, and can pay for trips to Europe and three meals out a week. 
	These children are so markedly different than Lisa and me. Yet, they will somehow make it to adulthood and be the same as the rest of us. 
	“When are you and Tony going to be married?” I ask.
	“Tony? Tony who?” she asks widening her eyes so that I can see the slender ring of black about the blue. 
	“The guy who picks you up every day in the van. The one you told me you were engaged to.”
	“I’ve never heard of him.”
	“Oh,” I say. I shut my mouth, though I would like to continue. I am quiet for a moment. 
	“So, you’re not getting married right away?” I ask. 
	“Why is everyone so anxious to marry me off?”
	“Everyone wants to marry me off, too,” I say, though I am sure that her everyone is considerably larger than my everyone. I look at the fold in my jeans at the crotch. I explain to her that as a deacon I must marry now or never marry, that it is okay to be married but not to get married.
	“You got to be chaste to be a janitor?”
	“I’m going to be a deacon,” I say. I almost laugh. It occurs to me that becoming a deacon instead of a priest is like attending flight attendants school instead of pilot training.
	“Why don’t you just become a priest?”
	“Well, I was married once and then there is the lengthy list of my mental problems.” Thinking of my ex-wife whose spine was composed of sadness, I compare her to Lisa who when miserable is only unhappy and not disposed. I imagine a sheet of my past, a précis of my existence, a sort of dispassionate delineation of invisible aches, bounding throbs and sheer terrors and the accompanying drugs which were prescribed.
	“There’s something wrong with me, too,” she says, pouting and gazing at her lavender running shoes.
	“What?” I ask.
	She looks to me and her dark tongue comes forth and touches her right canine tooth while she moves her head so that her right eye is cocked at me. I tilt my head and run my blunt and heavy tongue to my tooth so that I may feel what she is feeling.
	“I don’t know if I should tell you,” she says.
	“Then don’t,” I say.
	I look to the swelling breasts beneath her knit blouse. She pushes the wrinkles from her jeans using the palm of her hand and I notice how long and thin her fingers are. The sun tilts westward and orange light is pushed from the thin fabric of the curtains to the faces of the children and it gives them bright tans. One by one they awake and circle me, waiting for me to tie their shoes as the noise level heightens and darting eyes match darting tongues. Lisa retreats to the kitchen, returns with homemade popsicles manufactured by freezing orange juice in ice trays and embedding toothpicks into the sludge. The tray is emptied, and bright, tiny tongues flash like lacerated space at the popsicles. Our tongues turn orange.
*
A line moves in front of the edge of water and a thin plane of Windex is left on the glass. In the dark reflection, I see children scooting about, rolling tires, and Lisa who is directing her gaze towards my back. I rub the squeegee on my pants leg and drag the rubber edge across the glass. Most of my jobs have been like this. There have been extended periods where I did not work, could not, too abstracted to move in a purposeful way. The sun makes a bright star on the glass and I blink. I rub my wrist to my forehead and a glaze of saline sparkles on my brow. Fat men have always been telling me to get the windows before I leave. I hear my father’s voice telling me to stand straight and my back complies. His voice is pleasant and I smile.
The chatter of the children mingles in the singing of the asphalt in rush hour. A jet moves soundlessly above us and leaves cotton candy in its wake. A giant crescendo of the afternoon arrives just as evening approaches. There are but three children remaining, all towheaded, always the same three that are here now in the thin, high room, late on Fridays as their mothers sit somewhere, fannies soldered to some barstool.
	“I wish you weren’t so old,” Lisa says. She nods her head and runs a fingernail to a tooth and removes something for inspection which makes her eyes cross. 
	“I’m getting older.” Older, I think, from Lisa. There is certain disgust when a car starts to age, gashes in the upholstery, minor cracks, strange noises, rust peeping through paint, worn carpet and bounces which break into smaller bounces, ad infinitum, but when one’s body begins with ingrown toenails, hemorrhoids, aching lumbar and sagging flesh, it is somehow melancholy inducing and not sad. Perhaps it is sensing the utter ache, death, like the wind in a canyon whispering your name, the hint of an end. Below my neurosis and its attendant anxieties is the forest of my hurt, bluish green and abutting a sea of unfathomed depths and leading to unread ports. 
	“Look, Lisa, if you want to cut yourself away from half the world because they’re not your age, that’s your business, but I assure you, it’s okay to like me.” 
She screws her face into a childish frown and puts her hands to her cheek and twists them and contorted words leak out.
	“You’re old enough to be my father.”
	“Only if I started when I was fifteen.”
	“Do you have a brother?” She asks and laughs.
	“Yes.”
	“What’s he like?”
	“He was like me.”
	“What’s he do?”
	“He’s dead.”
3
	Friday evening is the Saturnalia of my loneliness and questionable worth. My trousers have twice been doused and now smell like a lumberyard after a rain. Thought of my friend, exploded in an equatorial sun, and my brother, dead. I can feel terrycloth, a hint of churning stomach and milk when I think of him. I think of him in all periods of his nineteen years, from his arrival from the hospital to the imagined events of his death of which the details were sketchy and my mind inherited the onerous task of completing the picture: the jeep crumpled and steaming, leaking and smelling in a cloud of dust. I shake my head.
	My apartment is quiet and I listen with vigor for some sign of a neighbor, a bump, a parakeet’s chirp or the sound of lovemaking, but I am greeted only with the omnipresent hum of silence. I mix a bowl of rice and celery with a fork and stain the mixture with soy sauce.
	The black and white from my ancient and soiled plastic enclosed television set dances light onto my food and the dead fruit on my wall paper. I hear car tires through my open window, and with each passing tread, I think of humans with a future, a belief in future, a career, a sense of something to happen.
*
	I sip a diet soda as I wheel my large car through the traffic to my mother’s house, which is in a tract of housing some thirty years old. Trees touch the sky and make grey silhouettes against the blue city night sky. The street lights seem dimmer than when I was a child. 
	“Why don’t you hang your coat up, Gilmore,” my mother says, though I am not wearing a coat. I note her blue hair and butterfly glasses. As I pull the front door closed, I notice the front porch with the yellow light washing red roses and turning them orange. The yellow light reminds me of my father and closing the door on it reminds me of his death. I smell cancer, his cancer. It smells like swimming pool toilet.
	“Did you eat?” my mother inquires. 
	I nod.
	“I thought you might be playing bridge tonight,” I say.
	“No, no,” she says, chasing a green bean about an aluminum tray with her fork. Beside her tray is a pictured box of the dinner she is eating with the brand name on the right corner like a ribbon on a Christmas package.
	I sniff, thinking of my brother, father and friend.
	“Get a Kleenex,” my mother says, “there's some in the hall closet.” Gawde, that noise. It sounds awful. I ramble down the hall and open the closet and at once, I am submerged in rolls of Charmin, boxes of Kleenex, an avalanche of paper towels, Dial soap, Colgate toothpaste, Amboseli tooth analgesic and boxes of Contac antihistamine. I switch into my Vietnamese personality, which allows me to scramble, to obey fat men telling me to do the windows. When I am finished, I blow my nose and examine the Rorschach test my snot has made in the tissue. It looks like a pelvis. Undoubtedly, my mother is the reason for the bottomless apology I am.
	She has finished her supper, having placed the last morsel of blueberry muffin into her mouth. She is still chewing as she casts the box, tray and plastic fork into the trash.
	“We were going to play at Kathy’s tonight, but her husband is there visiting the children. Christ, he’s a mess, greasy hair and crooked part. You remember what my mother used to say?”
	I squinch my face into a question mark.
	“Crooked part, shit in the underwear,” she says, then makes the groan of a child.
	I can imagined the accused now, his underwear brittle with fecal and penal secretions, his hair over his collar, his eyes a nondescript brown and his mouth ever looking to suckle something. We walk to the television room and sit before its multicolored glow.
	“tay tuned for Miami Vice. Crockett is pursued by an outraged husband.”
	“Turn to PBS, would you Gilmore?” My mother props her feet on a kitchen chair which stays in the room for this purpose. The acrid odor of a match is followed by the stale grey odor of a burning cigarette as my mother lights up. She speaks of politics the evening long, states that government must show gumption. She makes a fist and closes her left eye.
	I wonder if she has always been this masculine. My father, or at least the memory of my father, is more feminine than she. I stare at her large pores and the rapid expanse of her midsection. I close my eyes and the image of my father reading the evening newspaper soothes me. I hear the quiet rustle of the pages.
It is useless. I did not know my father and now I never will. My image of him is no more accurate than a portrait of Christ. I suppose I have constructed this myth in memorial to him and my brother.
He was killed when a Jeep which bore him rounded an unsuspectedly soft curve on a high plateau and fell over. One of the acne faced students who was with my brother in that Saturday display of college frolic said that they were laughing as they scrambled to their feet until they noticed my brother's head cocked at an untenable angle and his face glowing the color of cough syrup. As my brother's companion mentioned this to me, his face drained of color which left a bizarre orange to his zits gleaming in my eye and, ultimately, in my memory.
	My mother continues to act the way she always has, as if she were still the "sole female in a tribe of men." I am the only man, and in most ways, I have given that up. This does not deter her. She still acts as if I hold strong opinions, hold force dear and long for an arena of action.
	We suffer through the news shows she enjoys watching on Friday evenings and I bid goodbye and walk the sidewalk while staring at the trees which are firmly rooted in the berm and cast moving shadows on the confederate grey of the concrete. The one tree next to my car was a twig when I brought it home from Boy Scouts on Arbor Day. My father dug a hole two feet deep and filled it with soapy water. When the bubbling water had vanished and a film of grey covered the inside of the hole, we loosened the necktie on the burlap covered roots, dropped the tree into its muddy womb and placed dirt over it. I wondered why the dirt of the hole would more than fill the hole from which it came.
	“The earth is like cork,” my father said, and I pictured our planet bobbing along in the coal black of outer space.
	As I have aged, the night grows dimmer. It seems as if someone has replaced the stars with hotel versions.
*
	I climb the stairs to my dark apartment to watch the eleven o'clock news. War in Africa, Asia and Central America. My friend’s remnants flutter in a hot wind and there is speech whose vowels· have been replaced by oral clicks.
*
	When the first light caresses the dead fruit on my wall paper, it is late, for the windows are to the north and a steady play of reflected light kisses my face. I expect to look from this window one day and see the sky rent like torn construction paper with outer space black behind the jagged rip with falling pieces of metaphysical stuff, brilliant white like conflagrated magnesium, glowing, falling.
	I shower and drive to the church. Father Michaelson is reading the morning tabloid and recounting the story of a boy who, with a weight lifting bar, bludgeoned his mother then drowned her in the bathtub after the beating did not achieve the desired effect, all because she would not buy him a waterbed.
	“Throughout the episode,” Father Michaelson quotes in his sermon voice, “the mother repeatedly said, ‘Mickey, I love you.’”
	“By the way,” Father Michaelson adds, “the bishop called and he wants to see you this afternoon.”
	I gulp my coffee, but Father Michaelson motions for me to sit. I nod as my fanny re-collides with the couch.
	“Believing makes the misery sweeter, doesn't it?” he asks.
	“I guess so,” I say.
*
	The bishop wears a vestment with purple piping which has the mental impact of a bruise. About him are several computer printouts with green and white paper latched together into a huge accordion. Filtered light falls to his desk. He scratches the crown of his head, shuffles some paper, then rifles his crop of pearl grey hair again.
	“They say necessity is the mother of invention. These days, I think its cheapness. Whole damned set of churches seems to be falling apart like a chorus line.”
	“Well, I'll worry about that,” he says.  With his head down and keeping it down, he addresses me:  “Gilmore, you're our only unmarried diaconate student, and for that matter, the only one who isn't nearly as old as I am.”
	As he says this, I picture one of my classes of deacons, presumptive, bald or grey and making collectively loud noises with their dentures.
	“Are you sure you want to do this?” he asks.  “We've gone along with this because of Father Michelson’s urgings, and let’s face it, you do seem to have a preternatural understanding of religion. But are you sure?”
	“No.”
	“That was a stupid question, wasn't it?” he says. “Who the hell is ever sure of anything?”
	I feel suddenly fatigued as if I could feel each atom of iron lumbering through my no doubt paper thin arteries. Perhaps it is the heat, the cross-town trip in my old car or the boy murdering his mother. I suppose the outrageousness of such an act bespeaks the presence of God more than anything else. For if there is no God with whom we may commune and seek redemption, then our creator or the manifest authority of the universe, is thoroughly evil.
	“How are you fixed for money?” the bishop asks. He is gazing at the AT&T Management Guide.
	“Father Michaelson threw a pancake supper for me and I have all the money from that. I'm working afternoons in a preschool. I'm doing okay. I don't need much.”
	“Think about it, Gilmore. You are still a young man.”
	I nod, but I do not think of myself as young. Half my family is dead, the oldest and the youngest. The woman who knew me best divorced me ten years ago and my dreams have died in a drowning of thinness.
	On the cross-town trip, back to my suburb on faded pavement and in heat pools, I think that my friend, the missionary, is the young man, not I. He is affixed young for he is rendered to memory. I try to think of him as being my age, but I cannot do it. We often think of children as having a future when some in fact have only a few years, some a few days, and the dead, none.
	I think that if I would have died a young adult, my life would have been complete. My former wife would have been a young widow about which people could have spoken in reverential tones. Surely, she could have found some hardworking and upwardly mobile young man to share her life. My life is sort of a nonfatal sarcoma. It bespeaks rapid growth but not health.
	I expect a respite from my drive's depression as I pull next to a Volkswagen Beetle. Ten years ago, I was trained to expect a young woman in these autos with wheat colored hair and delicate looks. Now, I find middle aged women with the same long and straight hair making the face flat and lined. The woman and I coast to a stop at the next light. She twists in her seat.  She is reaching in the backseat. I anxiously await the appearance of an infant with a grin and tiers of roundness. She lifts her bundle. It is a four-speaker ghetto blaster.
*
	My apartment is dark and hot. The traffic sounds are muffled in the humidity. Last night, I dreamt that I slept with my former wife and I felt her hot loins and damp crotch perfumed from dusty glands. I felt forlorn as if a new tangent was created on the circle of my hurt. And then there is the thought of the child in the Volkswagen, could have been baby. I do not think of children without sadness. It is impossible to give life without at once creating a future tense death. Every creator is an annihilator, each construction, a demolition; each fruit, decay and each thought, a forgetting.
	I open my Jerusalem Bible and read tomorrow's gospel. It is another one of our Divinity's animadversions, "Love me or I'll kill you” sermons. I think of Saint Ignatius gazing at the sky, reckoning the orbs gearing and thinking of perfection. Ah, if only the world and its fellow travelers were etched on a cosmic orb, being annealed in God's celestial kiln. No, we plummet through black nothing propelled only by strange physics and its vibrating sham wires.
I dreamt of starlets after I dreamt of my former wife. Her lips hung in the space, unsupported, an event of their own. Sparklettes of light danced in soft eyes and fibrous, soft hair arched away from the nose and arced across her brow like approaching comets. A smile reckons a benchmark on the topography of my face when I realize the starlets is Lisa, my ingénue, may could be something?
There is a fury in me as I realize there is no site for the two coordinates that are my feelings for Lisa, no purview, no statuary, no museum in which to calculate the blossoms of love. The flesh in religion, say a monk's, is not mortified in a strict sense but the infinitely diminishing series of want is challenged at its source, the will. It is first denied then infuriated and finally mummified and heaven comes to earth spineless. But the philosopher entrenched in the folds of· my grey matter inquires if heaven can wait and promptly denies the denier and posits an orthogonal projection of Lisa with a web of squares tossed on a nude body. Was Freud correcting? Is gender the patagium of mortal life? Even denying a wife and child, mortification is not complete but instead a round and distorted construction which can only be seen through the camera obscure of faith. Given to natural law, I must not become a natural lawyer.
Aha! My employment file contains a xerography of each employee’s phone number. 441-44981. Who would think numbers beautiful that they could emboss themselves in mental quirks was beyond me. I dial the number and hear the rough tumbling as the rotor slips back to home place.
	“Hello?” a childlike voice intones.
	“Lisa?”
	“Yes (pause), who is this?”
	“It's Gilmore, Gilmore Funnel. I have something important to talk to you about.”
	“Gilmore? Gilmore from school?” the childish voice asks drowsing, “how did you get my number?”
	“From the list Waldo gave us.” I give a brief synopsis of my noetic transactions, editing of course, perhaps dropping, as she yawns. I catch myself.
	“Actually, I have been thinking of you often and I was wondering if you would have coffee with me tomorrow morning?”
	“Afternoon, Gilmore. As far as I am concerned, there is no such thing as Sunday morning. It's a dream.”
	“Then tomorrow afternoon?”
	“Okay, it beats watching track and field. How about Perkins?”
	“Two be okay?” I ask.
	“Okay, two.”
	“Thank you.”
 	“God, Gilmore, I'm having coffee with you. Calm down and I'll see you tomorrow.”
	There is a click like death and I wonder if a nineteen-year-old knows why older people are so cordial in their farewells? As I hang the phone into its stainless-steel stirrup, I realize that I have a date. It is possible for a deacon presumptive to have a date. I shiver. Technicalities infuriate me.
4
Saturday evenings are a labyrinth of work and disappointment for it is on this night that I make the week remedial and collect undone things into a mental basket and sort them. Even now, as I lie in my lumpy bed with the room laved in grey and interstice with neon orange from the flashing Sherwin Williams Cover the World sign across the street, my mind wanders over things done and undone. In some moments, when the moment meets its crisis, there is a false clarity like consume'. It is as if my doing could be placed in a basket then sorted.
	I think of tomorrow with Lisa but first there is Father Michaelson and myself, his attendant, the world's oldest altar boy who will watch the chalice raised in the right hand, the index and middle fingers tinted from storm of tobacco smoke. I think of Lisa, of this moment filled with prospect. When was the last time a moment was filled with prospect, a feminine one? I was Lisa's age when I met my former wife and two years later, I was divorced. Is Lisa the way I was, each emotion riding undaunted to the surface and then to my mouth, my muscles or my crotch? The whole Landscape was filled with smoke from the tiny unedited geysers which I emitted without thought. Does she do that? There was a woman in my life after my brother had died. Her name was Jenny. Jenny loved me when I could not love myself, when I had only two thoughts, the death of the missionary and the death of my brother. He was nineteen. I had received the call at six in the morning from my mother and stumbled, recovering from a nightmare to the phone where I heard the unbelievable words, that the child of the family, the one who had been too young to remember my father, who had thought our family normal, had joined my friend the missionary on some unknown field with departures to heaven more frequent than the minute. This young woman loved me when no other woman tried or seem to try. I lived for a year following my brother's death in an acrid slow swirl of alcohol. I rose from it long enough to love Jenny but Jenny violated my rule. She loved me when I did not love myself. I was too busy wondering how the automata about me ran, fueled by self, software manufactured in homes. How many reached beyond it? How many had suffered their own death then were resurrected to this non-living eternity in which I now seemed to dwell? I loved Jenny with her long blond hair which was lifted behind her ears which put an ess on either side of her face so that her very caring for me seemed to be reflected in these twin esses which looped back upon her head like Mobius strips. But I got drunk, called her, told her she was slattern for loving me.
	“You don't know,” I had slurred.
she had tired of me and one again, I returned to the heady realm of absolute aloneness.
	My room smells briefly of sulfur and is lighted like a Caravaggio painting. In the flashes of the paint sign, I see rectangles of paper I have taped about my room to incite me to better self-image. No doubt, this is some sort of residuum of my Childhood when a leaf at-or-m of paper was blown through the house by my mother: close the refrigerator door, return all plates to the sink, wipe your feet and her magnum opus done in a child's calligraphy: "We aim to please; you aim to please," which was propped above the toilet on the rack which contained bubble bath and my mother's douche kit, all weird and medical looking in a cheap and ancient way. The sign aged rapidly from the steam but stayed in permanent disrepair. My father had a few rules: don't lie, cheat, steal or harm. My mother had her thousands. She had one unbending fear, that we would live in the uncertified sketch about the metropolis, low in a flood plain, a frame house with sweet smelling and rotting wood exposed through chips of pink and baby blue paint with a car on cinderblocks and fields of unmetered grasses undulating in a hot breeze as un kept cats meandered out of rusted car parts.
	 “Our house is never going to look like this,” she would say with her teeth so tightly clenched that her words were grunts. I concluded early on that she must have been raised in such a house, in a un zoned area of some county abutting some town, perhaps next to the dump.
	As a child, I loved such places, they held such options, a thousand play areas, a million prospects, a thousand places to hide and never be found. Christ was crucified over a dump with a thief, betrayed by his teenage followers and forsaken by all but a prostitute.
	As an adult, I lived in slums, trailer parks, the city across the river from the city, in five story buildings bathed in perpetual shadows from surrounding structures and now above Big Al's Furniture Emporium (free turkey with purchase during the holidays and free sparklers for the kids on the Fourth) with its dark hallways and caliginous corners, water stained walls, huge electric outlets meant for porcelain, brown plugs with round cords, a gas stove which emits the odor of archaic meals, a yellowing bathtub perched on balls, its claws eternally flexed and large square tiling in the kitchen (two missing).
	I jolt awake with the sting of the cigarette fire between my fingers. At once, I look to the dark floor and see a luminous apricot in miniature. I retrieve the cigarette and smash it in the ash tray my mother had stolen in the forties from some road house on the outskirts of Cleveland ("my, you still have that old thing"). Sleep is death. When the sun awakens me, I hear no traffic; I stand by the window in my jockey shorts, the elastic loose and the material slackening as I see the tangent of the sun and the horizon emit a plane of orange light which slashes across the arc of the horizon. The first few inches of water from the bathtub spigot are yellow. I run my hands under the water. I bathe taking care to clean my nails and scour my hair only to lave it in conditioner. I feel stupid. Perhaps I should call Lisa and cancel our date. The only thing I must give her are my feelings· and they are not important as the world has made clear, clear as consume.
*
	The evaporative cooler is running and the church's air is heavy with the odor of beeswax and incense. I sit in the second row. There are few people in the church and I can hear the rumbling of the large drum fan which shoves damp and cool air into the church. When I avert my gaze, I see Father Michaelson sitting next to me smiling at the crucifix above the old altar. He turns towards me and still grins. An odd adrenaline feeling runs through me.
	“What did the bishop have to say?” he asks, smiling still.
	“He's concerned about me being a celibate deacon. The whole damned diocese seems to be.”
	“That's understandable.”
Father Michaelson stands, nods at two married parishioners and invites me to join him in the yard behind the rectory. We sit in green and yellow nylon strapped chairs and flick cigarette ashes at the foot of a statue of Saint Stephen.
	“Maybe you’ll find someone before you start your ordination.”
	“It's five weeks away,” I say then deeply inhale, “God, I wish the Eucharist was as palpable as a cigarette.”
	“Still, you might find someone, a whirlwind romance.”
	He snaps the fingers of both hands like a Latin band leader.
	“I have a coffee date after mass.”
	“Good, good.”
	“Sometimes I think you should have been a salesman or a psychologist.”
	“I am, Gilmore, I am,” he says and slaps my knee.
	“Don't get your hopes too high, I say; I haven't exactly set the world on fire in secular matters.
	“Ah,” Father Michaelson says, “marriage is not a secular matter. He lives for these rejoinders.”
*
	After washing away part of the raison scab, I sit in a cafe full of leatherette, Formica and urns of steaming coffee on stainless steel rectangles. Even on Sunday, the place is filled with men in soft grey uniforms with their first name lassoed in red embroidery above their left pocket. I smoke a cigarette, sip coffee and feel caffeine cruise through me and my elastic veins which makes my calf muscles tic. When I look from the dark coffee to the window, I see a shoppette swung low on the curve of the earth. I look at my coffee and see silver waves generated from the center of the cup.
	“Hello.” I look from the waves to Lisa and for a millisecond, she assumes a wave pattern then abruptly becomes solidified. Amazing. She scoots across the quondam leather till she is flush with the window and her demi-face is obliterated of lines. I momentarily make a search for another male because this beautiful female cannot be here to enjoin me with life. We smile at each other.
	“I met the neatest guy last night,” she says.
My heart is petrified and falls against my spine.
	“He's a graduate student,” she says’ “in fact, he's writing his thesis on whether Yosemite Sam is a psychopath or not.”
	“He’s getting an M.F.A. in creative writing?” I ask hoping to hear my heart between the spoken words.
	“No, Dumbo, psychology.”
 	Things are normal. Lisa is melded to some handsome young man with a future as I prepare to give everything I have (which isn't much) to a God I'm not sure exists.
	“His name is Kevin,” she says’ “isn't that a wonderful name?”
Certainly more wonderful than Gilmore Funnel.
The perpendicular light from the window whitens her left face and casts the right side into near darkness except where a boomerang of lip is lighted and recedes into the dark.
	“What’s the matter?” I ask as I see a brevity of pain and a look whose focal point is somewhere between Lisa's fingernails and me.
	“There's something the matter with me, “she says and puts a commercial napkin she has just removed from the dispenser to her lips. I start to speak but do not. I think back to when I was nineteen and my worries. Sixteen-year-old memories run through me, dark apartments, marijuana smoke, the electric touch of L.S.D., girls who looked like morticians. 
	“Are you worried you're homosexual?” I ask, remembering from some long-gone class that this was a concern of adolescence.
	“God, no. I suppose that's something guys would worry about. Well, at least some guys but that's not something that bothers me.”
	“You have this annoying habit of hurting my feelings,” I say.
	“It's a defense against depression,” she says.
	“Who gives a fuck what it is?” I say.
	“At least that's what Kevin says. You know, knowing psychology gives a person an unfair advantage.” At what, I wonder. I don't think she heard me. There is a pause and all the chrome birds come to rest in the chrome forest.
	“You've been around some,” she says, rotating her cup, which must have been brought during our speech by some unnoticed waitress. Hell, I don't notice much of anything. She continues to rotate the cup in the palms of her hands and steam glistens on her face.
“I really mean,” she restarts, “you've slept with a few women, I guess. It is unusual for a girl not to, you know, not to climax.”
	“It's not unusual at all. Do you mean you can't have an orgasm?”
	“God, Gilmore, lower your voice. If you're going to be my friend, you'll have to lower your voice.”
	“You can't have an orgasm?” I whisper.
	“No.”
She hangs her head and the steam from the coffee pops a filament of hair loose which coils then bounces.
 	“You can't have one when you masturbate either?” I ask.
	“Jesus, Gilmore. God, I'm going to die right on the spot.”
	“Well?”
	“Well, what?”
	“Can you have one when you masturbate?”
	“I don't do that.” She pulls the small of her back in and tosses her hair but the filament winds around a bang then pops out as she begins to pick at a cuticle on her left ring finger.
	“Lisa.”
	“Are you calling me a liar?”
	“Yeah, I guess I am.” Her face flushes.
	“Okay I guess I am.”
Hearing people talk about sex problems or more accurately, not talking about their own but others, always reminds me of a dog eating his vomit. I suppose that is my problem. I ultimately think sex is disgusting. I need a woman to worship and a slut to sleep with. The odd off hand image of my ex-wife in my dream reappears with her coal black pubic hairs and her volant sexual appetites. I ruined that marriage, I think.
	“What's the matter?” Lisa asks.
	“Nothing.”
But there is something the matter. I am the friend, why can't I just once be Kevin Long stud, halfback, guilt and anxiety free, handsome and irresistible.
	“Well,” I sigh, “there are lots of solutions. You could ask your partner to stimulate you manually or orally. That's the standard prescription, and Kevin, being a psychologist, will have studied this … “
	“Goddammit, I want it to be normal. I'm sick and tired of faking it.”
	“Well, that's a problem. We're brought up to believe sex is wonderful and that there are few problems and everything can be worked out, then we find out that not that many of us snap together quite the way we should. It's just the first of many adulthood disappointments.”
	“I still want to have normal sex books in the library.”
	“Good, I read a lot.”
	“Like what?” I ask.
	“Right now, I'm reading a book by Judith Kike. I've read a bunch of her books. Have you read Fuckings?”
	“Shsss. It's not Judith Kike. It's Judith Krantz and I think she’s two guys. No wonder you're having troubles. And don't use that word. It's derogatory.”
	“Are you Jewish?”
	“No, but I don't like words like that.”
	“That's what my mother calls her.”
	“Never mind.”
	“Well, I won't use that word again but let’s get back to the subject. I thought you said I wasn't having troubles because I was pretty much normal?”
	“God, I'm not the one to be talking about normality with.”
	“Could you get a couple of books for me then. You know books.”
	“Aw, geese, I mumble.”
	“Please, the librarian will know me?”
	“Okay, okay.”
 	Rectangles play in the dark as I close my eyes and see an occasional oval. They have no measurements. It could be a rectangle the size of Andromeda or one the size of a playing card. I can see Bicycle cards as I think of cards, blue with spinning spokes like the eyes of a woman on a soda commercial.
	“Lisa, why not fall in love with me?”
	“Gilmore, what do you think I am?”
*
Evening comes with a stellar and hollow blue not unlike an ice cube which seems to match the inner cold which I now feel, championed as I was through the weekend with the thought of Lisa and now sent to fetch an orgasm for her and Kevin or is it Keith? Clouds which I did not notice during the day are lighted by the bent light of evening and pink bleeds from them. I would cry, if I could cry. I wish I had a hatchet to chop something with but then I do not even have something to be chopped. My heart beats and it doesn't. The pay phone in the hall rings, a shrill and empty blast but my heart which I thought had died thinks that perhaps it is Lisa and I clamber from my apartment to the dark and lifts the phone.
	“Hello?” I ask expectantly, but the little voice of Lisa's is superseded by a tenor voice, smooth and practiced. It is Tom.
	“For a beer?” I ask.
I explain that I do not drink but that I would go with him for a beer.
	“No, no,” I insist, “I will pick him up at his parents' house where he has eaten dinner.” It occurs to me, as I pull the lame door closed and hear the wood attempting to meet, that I have not eaten.
*
	Tom grew up in the suburb forty blocks south of the one in which I live. The Sunday evening is dead. I picture families about televisions, think of my childhood when Sunday evening was spent on television and the sickening feeling of school approaching. I pull in front of a tri-level with the correct address and start to emerge from my car when Tom bursts from the screen door yelling over his shoulder to his parents. He clambers into my car; stares at the splintering dash, the hole where a radio speaker once was and the fissure in my window growing at an inch a year. There is a claustrophobic feeling as I watch him slide across the seat and stare forward.
“There's a little place on Smith Road I used to go to,” he says pointing forward into the dark where only a luminescent stop sign can be seen. It reminds me of my future. The bar is a perfect square with windows made from translucent bricks of glass. Inside, neon comets advertise beer and there is the same Sunday· sadness I felt earlier. I suppose as the drinks come (a draught for him, a club soda for me) that I realize that this is a one of the boy’s thing.
	“Gilmore,” he says, rotating his beer glass in his fingers, which turns the cardboard coaster on the table, “Monseigneur Freeman thought that you might like to change your studies.” I look emotionless from my glass with its bubbling and vapid clearness to Tom's face.
	“He thought you might like to try and become a priest. I know that this wasn't a possibility before.”  I nod though I did not know that it had not been a possibility.
	“Two years back, he continues, “when you started your studies, but if you're willing to become a religious priest and not a diocesan one, well, Freeman thinks he can get you into his order.” I nod. I never thought of becoming a priest. The diaconate sort of came from going to mass regularly and going to mass regularly came from the spiral loneliness. I felt the first time I attended.
	“Of course, it would take you another year and a half of studies before you entered a practicum and your vows would be two and a half years away and a religious priest takes a vow of poverty and answers to Bishop protectorate and not a … “ His voice is increasing its speed until the words are pouring forth.
 	“I don't know,” I say.
	“Why not?” Tom asks.
I stare into his face which even in the dim of a bar maintains an inner glow.
	“I don't know.”
	“Gilmore, you must start explaining yourself. Not to me. That isn't important. But to the church authorities and let’s not argue over that. Christ, the whole diocese is worried. I've never even spoken to the bishop before and Michaelson says you're on a first name basis.” I scratch my face, stare into my club soda.
	“There isn't much to say, I guess. I just don't know if I have the faith to be a priest.”
	“But you do to be a deacon?”
	“It isn't as much.”
	“I'm a deacon now. Granted, it’s not the same thing as a permanent deacon. It's a stepping stone to the priesthood and I assure or at least I think that it takes as much faith for both, probably more. In ten years, deacons are probably going to be doing everything in the parish but the Eucharist anyway.”
	“I don't know, damn it.”
	“I don't either,” Tom says, “but think about it, huh?”
I nod and take my first sip of club soda. It tastes like nothing. Though Monday morning, the feeling of Sunday drags on as I manipulate my four door Pontiac into a parking slot in front of the seminary. The tree foliage is burnt from constant sun in the past month. I try not to think of the day which lays in front of me except for the moment with Lisa when I will see her. She will have a good deal to say about Kevin, no doubt, and I the good humor man in his invisible white suit, will smile, offer polite advice and in general follow the tenets laid before me like a super highway across the Kansas of life.
	“Fuck,” I mumble and slam my door. I can see my half empty can of Diet Coke tip over from its plastic blue tray which rides on the drive shaft bump. The can rolls to the floor and bubbling black boils on my rubber mats.
My father used to say that it was not the large things in life which did you in, it was the trivial things, grinding at you like Emory.
	“What the hell did he know?” I mumble, “checking out with lung cancer, doing a quick tango on the dance floor of degeneration before arriving at the untimed and non-located cite of forever.” A wind rustles through the trees but it is hot. ·r sees two students dressed in cleric collar (would be priests - we diaconate students show up in street clothes). The two students are pulling at the plastic collar which loop about the neck and which look like fallen halos. I rumble to my first class and look at the seven aged men in class with me. They wear suits which are fifteen years old and have acquired a sheen which glistens especially at the shoulders, elbows and butts which one can only assume exists because people normally have shoulders, elbows and asses beneath those parts of their apparel. They hover over notebooks, their faces as white as clouds. Near the end of the hour with the morning sun casting diffuse light to faces diffused by lines, I see a silhouette through the frosted glass in the door of the classroom. I know from the duck like movements of the head that it is Monseigneur Freeman and he is waiting for me with his priest proposals. "Actually, I can't meet with you today, Father. I'm on my way to the library before work to help a girl have vaginal orgasms with a man who is timed with his clothing and not years away, behind or ahead."
	“It's eleven forty-five,” the teacher intones, and quietly folds a large note book; good day gentleman. I wait as my fellow students hobble from class, through the opened door and by the now visible figure of Monseigneur Freeman who has his hands behind his back and nods kindly to each passing man. Each passing man's 'suit seems to stiffen as he passes the Monseigneur, each wondering if Freeman wishes to speak with them. Perhaps it is to one of them that he wants to speak, perhaps one of their wives has had a cerebral accident. Entirely possible. I suppose death shall only save me once in this life time. I trudge my way to the door and look to him and smile. 
	“Could we have a word, Gilmore?”
	“Of course,” I say quietly and follow him to his sitting room in the ancient plaster and dark woodwork where once again, I scald my mouth on coffee.
	“Stop doing that to yourself, Gilmore.”
I nod as I swallow the fiery liquid and it sours in my stomach. I can almost see the milk from my cornflakes curdle in the tannic acid.
	“Did Tom speak with you?”
	I nod.
	He nods.
	I can hear the clicking of the clock. I am aware that I have replaced most of my speech with an unblinking silence. I suppose I have supposed there is little to say.
	“Yes, he talked to me about joining an order and taking vows,” I utter.
	“You already are taking vows,” he says, then, “here,” as he places a stamped metal ashtray next to me.
	“I really am sorry about your altar plate. I wasn't aware . . .”
	“Think nothing of it, however, think that you just thought of being a priest as taking religious vows and evidently you don't think of becoming a deacon as taking religious vows.”
	I retreat to my fortress, silence, close my eyes and purse my lips. So, what if I look like a sissy. This facially closed posture is not one of contempt. It might appear to be one of agony. It is simply the look of a man who has been had, not once or twice but by infinity squared.
*
	I pull into the suburban library and feel the heat rising from the soft tar. I rarely come here during the middle of the day but instead, after I finish work at the preschool. The library is built from orange brick which seems ablaze with the early afternoon heat. I duck into the bathroom, feel in my pocket for the broken antibiotic then swallow the tooth shaped fragment in a palm of lukewarm water. I feel a line traced down my throat as the pill submerges then mingles with coffee, milk and cornflakes now at internal temperature. The red about my forehead is clearing. I notice as I consider the mirror that my eyes do not seem as clear as they used to be. Perhaps it is the way I gaze with my head still aimed towards the sink where a moment before, I had watched the water lave my fingers as I held the irregular shaped pill in my mouth with my tongue forcing it to the ridged roof.
	I feel sadness and dolefully trudge across the carpet to the psychology section to find a book for Lisa. I had no idea what to expect, but opted for the book with the newest looking cover which in this case, meant a plastic encased dust jacket which fit like a Hawaiian shirt about the book. I stopped at the theology section and removed books, noting which volume was missing from the Anchor Bible. I arrive at the clerk's counter with a book on the Lateran Treaty, one on the Fourth Lateran Council and YOU AND YOUR ORGASM, a straight forward view of the female sexual experience, by Ben Mitchell, M.D.
The book here noted has line drawings which like Thurber cartoons, attain a prodigious graphic quality. There is picture of our genitalia, lips, nipples, armpits and several other odorous and hidden recesses. The "G" spot is discussed along with its suspected location. The illustrations differ from graffiti only in degree of exactitude. America, the world's largest whorehouse.
*
	“Here,” I say to Lisa” and proffer YOU AND YOUR ORGASM like the future at a Republican Party Convention.
	“Oh,” echoes about in the dim of the nap room. Whispery breaths and quiet breathing abound. I crack the book on the Fourth Lateran Council in which bows and catapults are condemned as malicious and users are suffered to excommunication.
	“Here I am,” Lisa says pointing to a page which she shoves too close to my face. Where the rubbery tip of her pink finger is the bleached leaves of a vagina reproduced from an India ink sketch.
	“What do you mean, you?” I ask.
	“This is what mine looks like. See?” she says and proceeds to flip several pages which make the assorted vaginas move as in a nickelodeon, the lips seeming to grow then retreat.
	“And this is me,” she says, flipping back to the page held fixed to the first third of the book by her thumb.
	“God, Lisa.”
	“It's just a drawing,, she says, making just sound like "jest."
	“Well, it's nice looking. I don't like the ones where the lips hang out and they look like deep sea creatures. The fact of the matter is, sea creatures have always frightened me. In fourth grade, I suffered quiet hysteria at my teacher's glass paperweight which entombed a completely dead sea horse.
*
	Lisa spent our Monday afternoon speaking of Kevin. They had seen each other again Sunday night and she had learned several new phrases. Her mother was passive-aggressive (yes, truth to these people is explained as in Haiku, with momentary bafflement). Her father is a masochist and her brother, well, he's just a creep. I was to have the honor of meeting. Kevin this very work day and had I not been so depressed, I would have explained as someone who has endured twentieth century psychology, that the field is only marginally more effective than when barbers drilled, holes in peoples' skulls to let the demons out. For not only CJ did Kevin appear handsome, outgoing and charming in my mind, he also seemed replete with stupidity. I decided to keep my mouth shut, knowing that any physician who understands chemistry does not go into psychiatry and knowing that psychology and sociology were primarily classes taken to make one’s grade point better than it ought to be. I have nothing good say about the entire field which kept kids in college and was an effective tool to keep incompetents from practicing real medicine. At any rate, I was to have the honor of meeting Kevin this very workday which is why Lisa and I are shuffling about on the school porch after all the children have gone. The sun is tilted westward and cool shadows spring from vertical objects horizontally.
	“He was going to have a beer with Chuck then come pick me up. Soon, a metal colored car pulls into the circle in front of us and a muscular six-foot young man with khaki pants and rugby shirt emerges. He comes close and his plump lips smell of beer as he tugs them back which exposes a horseshoe of perfect, white teeth. He is glad to meet me. Lisa has spoken of me.
	“You went to school at Missouri?” he asks.
	“Huh?”
	“You said you went to Columbia,” Lisa says.
	“Oh, not Columbia, Missouri. I went to Columbia College in New York,” I say.
	“Is that where you learn how to be a disc jockey?” she asks.
	“It's an old Eastern school,” Kevin says, putting his hands into his pockets and shifting his weight onto his other foot.
	“I've seen it advertised on cartoon shows,” she insists. Kevin, in a moment of no doubt beer induced warmth, invites me to a party he is having this coming weekend. I smile and nod in the same mold as I did earlier with Monseigneur Freeman. Lisa is to give me the address later. She slings her book bag over her shoulder and departs in the glittering sports. Car as I amble towards my rusting and listing eleven-year-old sedan.
*
	As I prepare to go to bed, I feel aroused and I am sure it has something to do with the line drawings of our sexual units. They seem to have awakened some long dormant thing in me, dormant long enough that I had forgotten what it was like to have them. I had forgotten memory.
A quiet and distant ringing awakes me as I lounge on my couch. The ringing makes me aware that I was asleep. I look to my hands and see the rosary beads cascading down my fists. I place it on the table and walk into the hot and windless hallway.
	“Gilmore?” a tiny voice inquires through the mouthpiece which is only slightly darker than the hallway.
	“Yes.”
	“Never mind.” And the voice is followed by a click.
*
	Lisa is yawning when I enter the nap room on Wednesday. She barely speaks as she hands me a small slip of paper which I unfold in the dim to find an address scribbled in blueprint blue. I look about at the children and note that they are all sleeping then back at the address.
	“What's this?” I ask.
	“It's Kevin's address. I forgot to give it to you.”
	I nod then sit quietly beside her. I feel my pulse increase and there is a moment where I step aside from my feelings and gaze at them, this vanilla love I have for Lisa. I contrast it to the arterial purple of my relationship with God and Church. One is the aura of the sun and the other is the funeral of life with promised resurrection with the hounds of heaven ever vigilant as they watch our every move, every thought, every misshaped deed, every plundered second, each· thoughtless act. Or perhaps life is the intermezzo between the movements of two oblivions?
	“I don't know if I can make it,” I say. Lisa looks at me then says crisply with a diction I did not know she had:
	“Come if you want. I'd like you there but if you can't then don't.”
	“Well, it's the second Friday of the month and that usually means the singles group at Saint.” She stares again at me and her green eyes, almost jade in the orange light, look through the youth group and plumb the shallow pool of my happiness.
	“I'll do my best to get there.”
	She nods then goes to reading again. I have not seen YOU AND YOUR ORGASM since giving it to her on Monday and two more dreary mornings have come and gone on the wings of an asthmatic bird. I think of this morning when Tom and I sipped coffee at the Burger King and I tasted spoons and thought of becoming a priest. I saw myself draped in the alighting dove and made soft and caring by the loose garbs of the sacrificial office.
	“Of course, you might have to learn Spanish,” Tom had said after a particularly loud sip from his coffee.” Monseigneur Freeman's order being so active in Latin America. The Church is in such need in that part of the world. Most of the countries cannot even provide an indigenous priesthood. I wondered if Tom ever lighted a fart, swore at a friend, played with himself, took deep chemical analysis or heard things which were not there. I wondered. Why are the most profound rules of the cleric understood without teaching? Why do we know of holy man in such immediacy? I smell the warmth of Lisa next to me. I sigh.
	“Are you okay?” she asks.
	I nod. I feel her eyes light on my face and I turn to look directly at hers, determined this time that I shall not avert my gaze to some inanimate thing. I watch her eyes cartwheel as I stare as deeply as I can into hers. I feel my face muscles slacken and my response is met with a similar one from her which leaves us both some resulting through blank thought.
*
	My mother is spraying Pledge on her coffee table when I walk through the door. The evening sun casts yellow through her living room and I smell the polish mingling with a carpet sanitizer and an air freshener and the place is suffused with potent aromas.
	“There's coffee in the pot, Gilmore,” she says, and I make my way to the kitchen. I pour coffee, hear its familiar sound and think of the unnumbered times I have stood at this sink before deaths and after them. I remember buying a tie for my brother's funeral, having an odd array of planes for a haircut my ex-wife gave me and numbed by the entire incident. As a shower of sugar falls to the black of my coffee, I think of my friend, the missionary, exploding on tarmac, cast by physics to eternity and left in a heap, in an instant, meat. The thought of the missionary is a thought but the reality of my brother's death strikes me after I think of my friend and the fiercer wind of his death sound like a trumpet, with brilliance and clarity and the same hollowness in my stomach emerges and the Burger King, my car, my coffee, my sugar, evaporate. For an instant, I am destroyed.
	I am restored to life by the sound of my mother making her way to the dining room and the hiss of her can of Pledge with its lemon scent. I believe she started using her vast array of chemicals when my father lay in the bedroom down the hallway, still in his bed, smelling his own odor and decomposing but I cannot feel his death the way I do my brother's nor see it as I do the missionary's. Maybe it is the eon between then and now or the added growth or the oblivion of things once remembered, but I cannot feel his death but I am struck how calmly he endured his ache, how quietly he fought his own screams. I do not wish 'my mother to see me crying and I pull a paper towel from the brown plastic dispenser and pretend to blow my nose as I dry my eyes with the pimpled paper. Is death going to smell like lemon from now on? Before, it smelled like floral shampoos.
	“Funeral in a can,” I mumble.
	“Of course, you can,” my mother says, and I try to think what she thought I said but nothing seems to rhyme with funeral except unreal and that makes no sense and don’t rhyme completely nor do eternal. I wonder if my mind is fixed on one section of life, kind of stuck the way in which my mother used to say my eyes would stick if I crossed them. Lisa rhymes with funeral, I think. I sip coffee, taste spoons and think of Lisa and feel a happy hollow to my stomach. Kevin's apartment is in a section of the city near the singles bars where ten story buildings seem to have all been constructed from the same design. I pass these building daily on my way to seminary, gaze at them through the white light of the city's smog and think nothing of them other than wondering when they were built for they seem to have appeared overnight at some untimed date. This evening, they cast rectangles of light from windows and soar into the opaque night sky. Kevin's eyes widen as he opens the door seeing me standing here, hair drawn back and since I wet combed it, probably tilled, holding a bottle of Chablis and in the other hand, a plastic liter of caffeine free Diet Coke.
	“Hi,” he says and there is a quick glance at his polo wristwatch followed by a glance to my shoes which look like police shoes.
	“Lisa!” he shouts, looking away from me, “Herman is here!” I cough.
	“It's Gilmore.”
	“Yeah, yeah,” he says, “c'mon in, Gil.” He recedes from the door without looking at me. I follow him looking with unfocused eyes at travel posters on the walls portraying places I have never seen and never will unless it's some revolutionary torn country with an average temperature of ninety-three degrees. There are four people here besides Kevin, Lisa (whom I hear in the kitchen) and me. One couple sits on pillows on the floor. I cross my legs and plop my fancy down, cracking my knees which sound like pistols. I smile and the couple goes back to talking. I continue to smile and notice that my head is bobbing up and down. Through the picture window, street lights recede like railroad tracks in Art 101.
“Hi,” Lisa says, sitting next to me, “you're the last one I expected to see here.”
	I am sorely aware of the grey in the curly hair about my ears. She has not spoken to me since Wednesday, really, not since our eyes collided like spinning tops and rolled away in disaster and awe.
	“Lisa tells me you're in divinity school,” Kevin says with his legs spread apart as he rises to his toes and falls back to his heels. Here we are, me with my head bobbing, Lisa grinning and Kevin bouncing up and down on his toes which no doubt flex elongated rectangles of muscle beneath his loose khaki slacks.
	“Here,” Kevin says and shoves me a glass of wine the color of cough syrup. I had assumed he was holding it for himself. We all stop moving long enough for me to accept it. The only time I have had a drink in, three years is wine at communion. But the odd sentiment of being handed something by such a masterly and handsome man makes me incapable of refusing. I sip it. As my mind was wandering about, thinking of Benito Mussolini coming to power, I look around and notice that Kevin and Lisa are no longer near me but now hover over the couples at the other end of the room. Dan Fogelberg is singing on the phonograph.
	"The voices you hear at the top of the stairs are only the echoes of unanswered prayers."
	Two other couples are arriving. They introduce themselves then quickly depart to more interesting corners of the apartment; they are young, their faces all seem attractive to me.
	I had always assumed that if I drank again, it would be the result of some Horrible personal hurt but it is not. I am having this drink out of prospect and even though wine, I feel a fire in my stomach and my body floats an inch above its normal altitude. Two pert girls come through the door and soon after them, two boys and another couple and another. The music grows louder and I move my sad pillow to a corner to avoid being stepped upon. The alcohol has probably taken the shock away from me, me ten years older than the nearest age neighbor. I finish my second glass of wine and wade through small throng of people who move and do not notice me. I make my way to the kitchen which is heavy with unused copper cookware. I pour a glass of Diet Coke and return to my soft pill shaped pillow next to a stack of record albums. Perhaps I should go. When I dream of making reappearance in the world, it is a world completely surrendered to me in which I would be readily accepted, like Kevin. I swallow a large glob of soda with a fractured pill. Lisa sits next to me.
	“Hi,” she says, and I smell alcohol on her lips. Her face is pink and I feel heat in my ears. There is a sudden tugging from my groin to my heart.
	“Hi,” I say.
	“That book you gave me is really something; she says and waves a hand loose at the wrist.”
	“Did it help?”
	“You must have a partner.”
	“What about Kevin? He's about the best-looking guy I've ever seen. How does he get his hair to stay that way?”
	“No, no, Gilmore. It must be normal before.”
	She sips from her wine glass tilting it high into the air and throwing her face back so that the unlined tissue and closed eyes float above her facial muscles. There is no hint of a skull as there is with my face when reclined. I wonder if she is acting. I have long suspected women act drunker sometimes than they are. There is an instant of silence when the music, the guests, Lisa and I conspire to quiet which lasts if a cymbal's crash. The room re explodes with noise. High rise apartment and cheap pile carpeting form an amalgam of banality and the world seems to have contracted the sense of futility as well. Even reading about such comfort as this, depresses me. Perhaps Kevin was born to master life while I was placed on this poor sod to suffer it?
	“What's the matter, Gilmore?”
	“Nothing. Cigarette smoke maybe.”
	As clearly as the misery was felt, it is replaced by the sharp picture of my friend, his life rupturing in death's tackling embrace while his vessel hunkers to hot tar and an unfamiliar horizon wavers in heat; a bounding pulse and then none.
	“Gilmore, I was thinking,” Lisa says and her wine stained tongue comes to her canine tooth.
	My tooth searches the front of my mouth. Moments of silence are.
	“I know you wouldn't enjoy it,” she continues, “being a deacon and all, but could you kind of help me with the book?”
	“Sure, we could have coffee and –"
	“No,” she says and slaps my wrist, “it's bad enough I must ask without you acting stupid.”
I feel my heart bound the way my dead friends did in the equatorial heat.
	“Yeah, well, I could but I don’t . . . “
	“You think you'll burn in hell?”
	If I join Monseigneur Freeman's order, the heat would be there and I would probably be saying mass in Portuguese.
	“Well, no. While we Catholics admit the existence of hell, we don't postulate the occupancy of anyone.”
	“Well?”
	“Well, hell yeah!”
Okay, so there's no fool like an old fool. Okay, Okay. Here I am with my middle-aged desperation and here is Lisa with her kiddy love but there is a portion of peculiar feelings sailing through me. She pulls at the cuticle of her right middle finger.
	“You don't think I'm terrible, do you?”
	“No, I say wondering why people thoughts about terribleness can alter terribleness.”
	“Good, we'll start tomorrow night. I'll tell Kevin there's a meeting at the preschool.”
	I nod vigorously and sip my soda. Coca Cola burns into my nasal cavity the way it did when I was a child.
*
	I do not take the expressway home. I feel that feeling this good means death is at hand. I decided that I should clean my apartment so I withdrew some money from the pancake supper fund which was a gift from Father Michaelson to me. I bought some Comet, Pledge and carpet freshener which I sprinkled liberally on the couch as well as the rugs I bought when the Orient pornography theater was closed and an auction ensued. I bought some little aluminum plates which fit in the burners of my range and a one-hundred-watt bulb for my living room lamp. I suppose most would opt for dimmer light for romance but' this place is as dark as depression. As I puttered about the apartment, readying it for Lisa's arrival, I felt the substance of my life change. Since the deaths of my father, brother and missionary friend, the electroplating of charm had worn from the ring of my being and exposed the brassiness of bad luck. But the actual substance of a ring, Aristotle tells us, is its annularity. Presently, I am slicing mushrooms to put into the Ragu sauce I bought. I also bought salad stuff and a Sarah Lee pound cake. I turn on my one-hundred-watt light which illuminates rust colored triangles on my wallpaper at the juncture of wall and ceiling. I open the door and Lisa is standing, holding her small purse with both hands.
	“I didn't hear you knock,” I say.
	“I didn't. How'd you know I was here?”
	She walks past me and stops to look about. I am wondering why I did open the door. She looks down the short hall towards my bedroom where a rotating lamp portrays a moving waterfall.
	“I won it at the Strawberry Festival,” I say, which, sadly, had been the highlight of my adult life. She nods and turns back to me saying as her head moves.
	“It looks like Barney Fife's place.”
	“Barney? I don't seem to recall . . . “
	“On channel eight, Andy, Bea, Barney, Opie.”
	“Oh, yeah. I guess it does. But it smells nice, doesn't it?”
	Lisa sits on my couch. Her bottom makes a dimple. I turn on my record player which is a clumsy device which folds from its cover and have two speakers covered with shit brown cloth with a few gold threads in them. A saxophone wails out.
	“I'll be right back, I must finish dinner.” I go to the kitchen and stir noodles when I hear a tiny scratch followed by silence then a rapid beat as Michael Jackson croons on the radio. As Michael is lamenting some teenage tragedy, I beseech God to forgive me in advance and short of powerful (and I mean Old Testament type stuff) divine intervention, I intend to pursue this course of action. Love, like he even, is eternal even if the pure substance of it is but a second's duration. The mushrooms are emitting a dark and wet odor like, well, like, pubic hair.
	I return to the living room; the egg of light is encompassing one end of the room with Lisa fiddling with her jean cuff under it. I see her lively cleavage and hair fanning from the crown of her head.
	“You look handsome in a turtle neck,” she says without removing her eyes from her cuff.
	“I know,” she laughs.
	“Why else would I be wearing one in August. I mean, I used to be handsome. Now, maybe once a month with the aid of a turtleneck, I can manage good looking.”
	“You still are nice looking.”
	“Really?”
There is a moment of light air. I believe I felt this once at the top of Pikes Peak after the cog rail ride.
	“Look, don't fall in love with me,” I say.
	“I'll fall in love with whoever I want.”
	“Whomever.”
	“Don't worry.” I don't see how anyone could fall in love with a guy who lives in a place like this. We eat at the drop leaf table with a paper doily under each plate. I bought them this morning as well. She has never seen a table like this before and comments:
	“They were clever in the old days. I guess only the Japs are this clever now.”
	“How old are your parents?” I ask.  I am praying that maybe she was born late in their lives. Maybe they are sixty-three, at least fifty-eight.
	“Dad's forty, almost forty-one, and Mom is thirty-nine.”
	My ex-wife is thirty-eight.
	“Did you bring the book?” I ask. She points towards the living room. After the pound cake, I ·ask is she wants something to drink, some peppermint schnapps or muscatel. I also explain that I no longer drink except for last night and well, never mind. She explains that alcohol only hinders the orgasm. I eat another slice of pound cake. 
	“I am in no hurry to head for the bedroom.”
Somehow, this moment, pounded to airy thinness, is all that I wish to have. I watch Lisa's eyes meandering in their sockets with the book in her lap, no doubt observing a serpentine dick head. It is odd that since no two people look exactly alike that our sexual organs are all almost identical. It is such a silly little act. The insertion of a rod into a sock and the act is totally out of meter to sexual feelings. When I look from the book to Lisa's hands, which are eggshell white, I feel my heart throb only this time there is a painful joy.
	“Did you always want to be a deacon?” she asks with her eyes still firmly affixed to the book.
	“I wanted to be a writer. I guess I was a writer. I've written twelve novels.”
	We look at each other for an instant.
	“But I couldn't get them published,” I say.
	I nod dumbly which makes me aware of my hands. I close my eyes and try to envision something beautiful or at least so that I may not think of Lisa with the alabaster hands with shallow blue, meandering veins, running below the skin, hinting. But the world without here is hollow, a desert, a nothing there but God.
	“Gilmore, if God wanted you to be a deacon, wouldn't He have made you a priest?”
	“He gives everyone what he needs.”
	“You don't need much, huh?” she says and rocks with laughter. I sit next to her on the floor.
	An imitation Turkish rug. My hand touches hers and I feel the elongated wrist rising from the delta of sinew at her wrist. I kiss her on the cheek and feel her lips, hot and dry.
	“The Love Boat's on,” she says, and my small black and white television flickers to life. She clunks the channel selector and an announcer intones that we are about to ride on The Love Boat with Bert Parks and Gene Barry. As I retreat towards the kitchen, I hear traveling music and I can imagine a white boat cutting through water and making vies.
	The popcorn spills into the pan and a flame the color of a gangster’s suit spreads below. As I shake the pan, orange dances in the luminous blue. I dump the popcorn in a bowl and sprinkle salt on it. I take it to Lisa whose fingers form a delicate claw like a Japanese painting which grasp a few frozen· explosions and transports them to her lips which glisten with cooking oil.
My hand ambles about in the bowl so that I may find some copper colored, un popped kernels to suck upon. Heaven's a hope, I think, but hardly a fact, after we have ridden on the Love Boat and watched reruns of Fantasy Island on Channel eight, Lisa announces with a mouth full of popcorn:
	“It's time to get down to business.” Finishing the popcorn then sighing, she spread~ the book and begins to read. Tiring of the words, she hands me the book and says:
	“For the first time, you are supposed to do this.”
As I look at a drawing of an exploding flower, I rub my palm upon my face and feel my tongue creeping out and up like a child crayoning.
	“I see, well, I'm supposed to stimulate here (I point) while running my finger into your …”
	“Vagina.”
	She stands briskly and in one fluid motion involving the crossing of wrists, latching of hands and pulling upward, she exposes herself as her tee shirt pops from her head. She throws the shirt to the couch and pops her bra loose which show her breasts which did not seem so big when covered but now, in the light of the New York Yankees/Boston Red Sox highlights, are more than ample with her nipples the color of match heads.
I like them red. My ex-wife's nipples were brown which upon closer examination, proved to be a deep purple. There was something hidden about them.
	“Well,” she says sitting next to me and placing her palms against each other in the wedge of her closed thighs.
	“Well, what?”
	“Take 'em off.”
	“Well, Christ. . .”
	“I've never seen a guy naked. Tony always undressed with the lights off and he always kept his tee shirt on. Come on, Gilmore. Here, I'll help you.”
I am shivering as I stand. The apartment feels like an ice box even though I know the apartment is at least eighty-five degrees. She unbuttons my polo shirt from Sears and performing an approximate maneuver which Lisa had. I am chattering. As the shirt pops over, my head, I feel her breast brush my chest. She grabs my belt which makes a whipping noise. I hear a clank as it lands in some corner of the room. She pulls so rapidly at my five button Levi’s that my pants fall in the same motion to my knees. I pinch my eyes so tight that I see red galaxies. I remove my shoes with my toes and slip with a step from jeans. I sigh and stand.
	“All of it, Gilmore.” I suppose she means my underwear and socks. Already, I can feel my erection bounding in my jockey shorts.
	“I am not that much to look at,” I say.
	“I wouldn't say that. Look at those muscles and tendons in your arms. They look like Jesus’ Holy Mother of God, I think.” I drop my underwear and think how much like turkey parts my gonads must be. I remember my mother removing the parts from the large cavity in the pimpled bird then dropping them into boiling water.
	“Geez, you're bigger than Tony. I guess you can't make it any bigger by lifting weight.”
	"Strut" is the word I would use to describe how she walks to the bedroom into the light of my mobile lamp replicating a luminescent waterfall and now she is probably sitting on my cowboy blanket, orangish-red with an Indian in a circle which reminds me of the portrait on Big Chief tablets. I walk to the bedroom and see her sitting on my bed. She stands. I start to fold the blanket back.
	“No, don't get under the covers. We should see what we're doing and don't turn off the light.”
	“Good God, Lisa, I'm so embarrassed, I'm going to die.”
	I forgot the book. She ignores my plea then shuffles through the door, rosy dimples winking at me from her rear, returns and leaps into be. The bed makes its one noise. She lays back, squiggles her shoulders, pulls her legs up then spread them which expose her pubic mound while her breasts compress upon themselves like pink acorn squash.
“I feel like a gynecologist,” I say whining.
	“Why?”
	“Shouldn't we kiss or something?”
	“Gilmore, let's remember what were here for.” Now here, she says placing the book on her stomach which promptly makes you and Your Orgasm go up and down. Her great finger makes a noise on the page.
	“Do this,” she instructs.
	My hand makes a gentle claw and slowly I lower my longest finger until it meets the tiny tract of acid and sweat. My knuckles feel electric hair.
	“They're red!” I exclaim.
	“What?”
	“Your pubic hair is red.”
	“I know that. My head used to be the same color.”
	“You dyed it?”
	“No, the blue fairy did. How would you like to go through life looking like a munchkin? I like it blond.” I return to my task which feels more like work with each ensuing moment (read stroke).
	“This is hopeless,” she says, “I'll never have an orgasm with you staring me in the face.”
	I had always assumed it was rude to stare at the other end. She turns my waterfall light off and the place goes dark and in the hulking shadows, she returns to the bed only now the room is rhythmically lighted by the Sherwin Williams Cover the World sign from across the street, on, off, on, off, on, off ...
	“You can still see me,” she says and turns my lamp on which starts the waterfall falling. She goes to my cardboard chest of drawers and starts rummaging through my slim wardrobe. She returns carrying a stretched and off-white tube sock. The waterfall lamp is eclipsed by her rising hip.
	“What are you doing?” I ask.
	“Blindfolding you. Sit up.”
	“Well,” she says slipping the sock about my head and wrapping a simple knot at the back which catches a few strands of my hair. We return to our position but she slips over an inch.
	“I don't want you feeling me have one either,” she explains.
	The world is black and smells like feet. I count one, two three, two three and I loco mote my digit into the channeled recess of her body. At ninety-one two three, she announces:
	“I had one,” she sighs and rips the sock from my head which takes hairs with it.
	“I didn't even hear you,” I say, trying to adjust my eyes to the waterfall lamp which seems bright.
	“That's the idea,” she says.
	She is standing; she is walking into the living room. I hear rustling clothes and I am thinking, God, what of this heightened stat, this pounding yes ness? She is here again in a tee shirt.
	“What about me?” I ask.
	“Well,, I could relieve you if you want me to?” she says. I stare at the waterfall.
	“Wouldn't it be easier …”
	“No, chapter twelve says that your anticipation is a major factor and that sex cannot be regarded solely as intercourse. Are you sure you don't want me to relieve you?”
I should have read the damned book before I gave it to her.
	“Are you sure you don't want me to relieve you?” she repeats.
Should I tell her I despise masturbation not because of sinfulness but because the spilling of seed whose promise reminds of the futility of my now abandoned writing career, that I gambled all and lost and now cannot be reminded of it even in symbol?
	“Next week, we do this,” she says, pointing to the book opened to a double paged graph of a vagina which looks like an overhead photo of a water lily. She evidently has been holding the book for some time, during the eclipse of my soul, no doubt.
	“You won't mind doing that, will you?” she asks.
	“No, I say, “I won't mind.”
	Though I did not understand because I did not look carefully.
	She disappears and returns fully clothed. She ties her shoe and upon rising, pecks me on the cheek. She says that I will not have to walk her to her car. Through the door, she disappears. I turn off the lamp and lie in the evanescent Cover the World sign. My well tenured pain remains past any apology for its existence, long after the discovery of God, it ticks on like The Steady State Theory and any pain always induces this larger and constant one, 'this correct and true one.
	“Hi, Lisa,” I whisper upon entering the nap room, looking to the suckling faces of the children then back to Lisa’s unlined face.
	“Waldo wants to see you.”
	“Is everything okay after Saturday night?”
	“Don't fall in love with me, Gilmore.”
	“I'll fall in love with whomever I want.”
	“That's okay for me but not for you. Go see Waldo. He says it's important.
I go to the bathroom and wash my face with the dispenser soap. The last thin line of raison like scab is rubbed from my forehead and now there is an inch of bright pink etched above my eye.
*
	“You wanted to see me, Waldo?”
	“Sit down, Gilmore…”
I sit in a chair opposite his desk and gaze at the expensive wood which was once the walls to a sauna and now comprises the walls to a preschool office. Funny how things can remain the same and be changed by the things about them.
	“I'm going to have to let you go,” Waldo says.
	“Huh?”
	“We had a staff meeting and the teachers don't feel that you apply enough discipline in the afternoons. They'd be more comfortable with a Montessori running the afternoon program.”
	“I understand,” I say. Though I don't exactly, never have. All my life people seem to want me gone, vanished like a zit from the collective face of mankind.
	“Here's two hundred dollars,” he says and slides a pink check across the veneer of his desk. “I feel it would be unfair to ask you to work out the pay period.”
	“Thank you, Waldo. What did I do?” I ask quietly, “or not do?”
	“Nothing.” It reminds me of the time I was working for the State Department in Somalia. New administration comes in and I'm history. Do you see?
	“Yes.”
	“I don't like to do this. You're the first person I've ever had to fire. Look, Gilmore, you know women, they get a little power and it goes to their head. They feel like they must always do something with it. They have the Montessori certificates, not me. Gilmore, I've been thinking. You did an excellent job on the windows, first rate. I was wondering if you would like to be our maintenance person. Doing windows is an art, more so than surgery. When I was a consultant for the University Health Science Center …”
	“No thank you, Waldo.”
I retreat, wearing my Christian smile of defeat, full of wrinkles, saline soaked eyes and the sadness of permanent unspoken anger. I bump into something in the hall. It is Lisa.
	“So, he offered you a job as a janitor?”
	“It's a noble enough calling,” I say, “sometimes I don't think our Lord will be satisfied until I'm pushing a broom at Burger King.” I must shove on the front door of the school hard so that it will open. This morning’s wind has become strong and I hear it whistling and when I shove the door open, a trapezoid of light and invisible force falls across Lisa and me. Her hair begins to pulsate in the wind and she wraps her· arms about her stomach.
“Will you be okay?” she asks, throwing her voice into the wind.
	“Yeah, Waldo gave me a check for two hundred dollars so I'm okay for a while,” I scream My words are dispersed by the loud gusts. I see them printed and billowing about like smoke from a fire.
	“I'll see you Saturday night,” she screams.
	“Okay.”
	“Gilmore.”
	“Yes?”
	“I really appreciate you helping me out.”
	I smile as I feel the sadness of life.
	“Okay.”
I drive away, humiliated in my humiliating car, a fifteen-year-old, four-door sedan with rust peeking through faded lacquer. I think of misery and wonder if I am a Christian because of the compound of hurt, the amalgam of pain and the admixture of abandonment and failure. Statistically, I think, as my car bounces on a grate and continues to replicate the impact, there must be those unlucky persons like myself, just as there are those lucky ones. Perhaps I have started to warship the cast of a million dice. I certainly have no reason to believe in God. I was not raised in a churches family, the bible has never inspired me; infect, I think it poorly written. Christ not only strikes me as being an obscurest but compared to Socrates, Christ seems cowardly and stupid. It was a day like today with the wind ripping across the planet from west to east with trees bending and automobile exhaust standing idle for a nanosecond then ripping to infinity the wind moved my car about and I journeyed in the late spring away from the remainder of my family (my mother) and my little brother’s funeral towards my own family (my wife). I was replaying the death of my friend in Africa and wondering why it had not been superseded by my brother's death. It was not as if I cared for my dead friend more than I cared for my brother who then seemed to be a box of yellowing photographs spilled upon an attic floor. I loved my brother, but his death did not stop my preoccupation with my friend's. I was seeing the explosion, the bike stagnant then thrown away like a slow motion picture of buildings being blown down in an atomic bomb's wind. My car rose into the thinner air of the mountains. Aspen were gold with veins of purple and trunks of cigar ash. The clouds on the horizon of ill shaped triangles stacked until they looked like the Michelin tire man. I felt tremors climb my spine and flow into the delta at my brain, each trip of electricity grew stronger and broader. I had suddenly become never so relaxed. My heart was iron. When. I crested the mountain pass, when the creek next to the road was small and a frothing white, my sorrow left me and a surety of goodness flowed through me. I pull my car into Al's lot. The place is filled with the cars of customers. The lot's parking space each has a glistening blue and black spot of oil, dead center at the front near an orange concrete block. Al is forever advertising on television with some monkey shine to get customers here. I enter my apartment and fall onto my overstuffed couch, a relic of the Korean War. I mope. If I had not given up drinking, I would get drunk and so I mope about this as well. I slouch into the couch, watch the shadows on the wall and mope. It is not as bad as last year when I beseeched' God to kill me, preferably in my sleep, a quiet cerebral explosion of hidden blood would have 'done nicely. I do not wish to die awake, world spinning, people frantic with fear and curiosity, hovering faces, shallow arid insignificant breathing. I would like to enter gently into the world of the unsaid where there is no cause or effect, no time. The firing induced this long induction of memories and they attack my soul at the usual point. God, I am not of this world. It is not my world and it surely is not yours. I do not wish a totalitarian bliss so many dry blown preachers pray for nor do I like my country's democracy in which the collective selfishness of one group defeats another because the winning group is largely more selfish. There ought to be one place for me, a small postage stamp place looking to a sea of calm. It could be 'the plains of Abraham. I am a statistical fluke (snake eyes) or an angelic one but never the less, fluke, I am.
*
“Tom's dead.”
	“What?” I asked stunned, the Novocaine of death smacking my brain and making my body weak.
	“A car accident, yesterday evening,” Monseigneur Freeman says and scratches the even stalk of his grey crew cut.
	“Jesus,” I say. Monseigneur Freeman nods and opens the door to his rooms. I follow him in and my mind is affixed to Tom's death. My eyes attach themselves to the chromic glow of Freeman’s Eucharistic plate.
	“I thought it was an ashtray.”
	“It's alright,” Monseigneur Freeman says.
	“Tom talked about it with me right after I left here the other day.”
	The Monseigneur nods.
	“I knew the two of you had a bond. Tom liked your homilies and I knew it was more than sharing the fries at the Burger King” I nod. A different reality strikes me as I think of Tom dead, of young flesh like my friend's in Africa, cast to death. I think of Tom in his cleric collar, dead. I think of all of us at the seminary praying.
	“Gilmore,” Monseigneur Freeman says, “did you know, statistically, ten percent of priests do not believe in God at all?”
	“No.”
	“’Tis true. Makes you think of why they would be priests. I worked for a bishop who was an agnostic. He used to say philosophy was beyond the grasp of the average human and that they needed religion.”
	“What has this got to do with Tom?”
	“Tom's faith was different from the other boys'. And even many our quite old students are still boys.”
	“And?”
	“I think Tom would be sympathetic to you saying a few words at his funeral. He was at his practicum at Our Lord's Precious Wounds. Do you know the pastor?”
	I shake my head sideways. I am given a card with a phone number and street address. The smudgy rod of self-defeat has been replaced with the slender, stainless steel sword of death.
	“What are you thinking, my son?”
	“How beautiful death is,” I say.
	“To be with God?”
	“Not exactly,” I say, “just to be still in a world of idiotic motion.”

*
Our Lord's Precious Wounds is a broken church, the annularity of its orbit atrophied to an ellipsoid. There is a fissure between the putty nose and the stub of Tom's. A mortician has applied a deep copper make-up and eclipsed the once luminescent face. The combination of the decaying church in ghetto, Tom's wracked remains and' the blackhead infested face of the old priest leaves me with my near persistent feeling of loss.
	“Strange, isn't it?” I say.
	“A young man's death,” the thin, elderly priest asks.
	“No, our Lord's wounds.”
	“We make the world perfect through our suffering,” the priest says, then laughingly adds, “Young men never like to hear that, that our suffering is part of the sharing of Christ's cross which became a wooden bird and flew Him to heaven. So, come, my son. I follow the sashaying of his cassock into the cool rectory with thick plaster and institutional green paint done by parishioners, no doubt. I sit in a wooden chair. A nun in habit, which deepens the furrows in her face, brings us tea. I scald my lips.”
“Some of us even seek suffering,” the priest says, then smiles revealing a set of sturdy and yellow teeth.
	“I'm always doing that,” I say, dabbing a cloth napkin to my lips.
	“Yes,” he says quietly.
There is a whisper of unblinking silence, as powerful as the arc of a wrecking ball, and as ineluctable as the next instant. The nun departs slowly.
	“It's a fine thing to be a Catholic,” the priest says and sips his tea with loud noises, his face obfuscated by steam through which he speaks; and a finer thing to be in the cleric.
	“Tom liked it here, didn't he?” I ask.
	I find that I am pushing my tongue against my canine tooth which reminds me of Lisa. The old priest licks his lips but only the crevices glisten. He laces a sugar cube in his mouth and sips tea.
 	“Very much. He liked working with the poor. He liked the smell of the sheep; do you, Gilmore?” I find this elderly priest with the thin whips of white hair and stooped shoulders to be the most intimidating person I had dealt with in the church. And yet, he is the quietest, kindest and least affected of the those with whom I deal. I level my eyes at his brown ones.
	“I never had much of a choice about the whole thing,” I say in dead earnest. I feel Tom's presence or lack of it in the room next to me.
	“Yes, He picks us; we don't pick Him.”
	“I see a blackness that no one else seems to see,” I say in a quiet monotone which is not as feminine as most of my soft speech
	“And a light” I add
I  smile. There is another moment of unbridled silence with the speed of light and the trajectory of meteorites.
	“The church is a powerful solvent. It always amazes me when someone puts their entire being into the church, what strange and wondrous chemistry ensues.”
	“Tom had studied to be a Mary knoll father,” I say, hoping to change the subject from this man so drenched in God, that it scares me, scares me the way that Tom said I sometimes scared him.
	“Yes. He was to be a Religious priest, but I think the diocese held something special for him.” I think of Tom's body next door, dressed in gown, guaranteed heaven, deader than love lost.
*
On the drive home, through hot and narrow avenues, in this, the Mexican ghetto which before had been called the Flats by Poles who inhabited it, I pass a perfect linear array of shops, each with a hand painted sign. One reads: TAXIDERMY. There is much cranking of the steering wheel to manipulate the heavy tires to quite my ancient iron mobile into the small parking lot. Sitting in my car, through the blue tint of my windshield and the rectangular, large window of the shop, there is a zebra, but his feet are below the brick beneath the window
	The zebra's snout is also precluded and he is poses if to be grazing, tasting something. I step from the car and look with a full view at the zebra who is grazing on a pile carpet of green. Can't the zillions of people about me see the same things that I do, the sadness with an adamant nature, our veins just waiting to throw a piece of plaque into our brains? Our water giggles with chemicals. Automobiles and their designers pretend they are automata without guilt in the greatest carnage America has known. Doesn't anyone but myself know that death is the necklace of the universe?
*
The phone rings as I crest the stairway in my rickety building and I am still wondering with zebras, deaths and clerics, the ease with which our world presents fate.
	“Gilmore?” a tiny voice inquires.
	“Yes?”
	“Lisa,” she announces.
	“Hi,” I say with exhausted exuberance.
	“You sound happy for getting fired yesterday.”
	“I am.”
	“Could you come over for a while?”
	I look through the corridor of dark to the window overlooking the avenue. It is darkening and I see my sad and small reflection.
	“Lisa, remember, I'm old enough to be your father and I don't want to meet your parents.”
	“They're not home. We could go and have coffee.”
*
My wilted green sedan rumbles through the night, the truncated cones illuminating dead fields and tract housing. There is my crack in the windshield, without note, growing. I blink so that I will not be aware of it, the same way in which astronomers’ blink when lunar craters appear to rise from the moon like pox. The crack has grown 'four inches since I purchased the car. Some sad betrayal might be beginning now, some vital organ falling out of step, enlarging, the high notes of the orchestra of my brain, not registering and becoming thin, but then, I was born middle aged.
As Lisa answers the door, the yellow of the porch light falls on her tanned face like morning rays warming the clay of the earth. Her teeth appear and disappear behind her Silly Putty lips. My memory keeps her lips present; they are taught, smiling, happy to see me.
She comes quickly through a small crack made by Lisa partially opening the screen door then closing it behind her which makes the aluminum frame click with the snapping of the steel locking mechanism. By the time I am to the door of my car, standing· on the grey sidewalk, she is in the passenger seat, door closed and face forwards as if the car were already moving. Such energy, I think. In a two-dimensional world, the surface of a globe is infinite. Why busy ourselves with motion. There is nowhere to go, nowhere to hide from the snickering boot boy we order about and who comes one day and kills us while we gossip.
	“Let's not go there,” she says, “I want someplace to be ours.”
This new mood puzzles me as I sit in my darkened car which smells a bit barnish. Am I not the pedestrian instrument of her would be orgasm? Is not my acceptance of death and suffering, the knowledge of it, the reality in which I keep it, the very thing which makes me her instrument? Does not that deeply knowing and uncommunicative part of her know this, know that she can die in bed with but never love me? I was once good looking with healthy cheeks which have now hollowed and give me the same lush beauty as a casket.

The chosen restaurant is rich in wood, pecky Cyprus, I believe, stained a light blue and the tables have white cotton cloths but this place was once a dentist's office a there is warmth knowing that great pain is no longer administered at great expense in a building where bright, medical lights have been replaced with oily yellow globes of candle flames.
Two young men with muscled necks and blooming veins stare at Lisa as we sit. We are separated by a candle, well not actually a candle but some small bomb like device which has a wick in it. The wick is no doubt
fireproof and in some way, sinister.
“Why are we here?” I ask.
	She shrugs. I shrug. When you ask a tricky question, a young person shrugs, an old one sighs and a middle aged one tattoo the air with words. I fit nicely with Lisa, not because we are alike but because she is so alike the deep-water dreams at my basal brain from which I hear only muffled sounds. She sips at her soda water, a lemon slice clings to an ice cube kissing her lips.
“You're so different than when I met you. I thought you were a real dirtball or something,” she says.
“At least something,” I say and sip my cola while feeling involuntary contractions of the muscles in my throat in reaction to the immense proportion of sugar to water.
“I thought I ought to get to know you better since we're going to be doing it.”
The two young men look at us.
“Or screw,” Lisa continues, “because that's really what we're goin' to be doing.”
Lisa's abdomen rocks with tense laughter which is compressed by a napkin held firmly to her lips as the young men stare at me with eyes like moons. A calm quiet ensues in which the pitter patter of reality falls
from between right and wrong. A rectangle of light crosses Lisa's iris twice and settles to the sou'west of her pupil. My heartbeat slows. I sigh.
Just at the crisis of the silence, Lisa:
“I can't lie. I looked at your file at the school today after Waldo left.”
My filer, my clerk, runs through the software of my mind wondering what odd bit of honesty discovered in a school's offices could be of such import as to warrant a I visit between us two, unscheduled and un-naked.
“It said you were in a mental hospital?” Lisa asks, then quickly pops a French fry into her mouth as her eyes slowly cross as the food nears her mouth. Her eyes look at mine. I could fall into them.
“Yes, I wasn't crazy,” I say, “drunker than any human ought to be and sadder than an army of widows, but not crazy. Are you worried that I'm crazy?”
“I don't know,” she says, shrugs again, then adds, “I was sorry for you and scared, super scared and super sorry. What did you do?”
“I was arrested for drunk driving, and while I was in jail, I started singing and they took me to the hospital.”
“Singing what?”
"Gilmore stupid with the stu stu stupidly eyes."
‘You got to admit, it is a funny name,” Lisa says and giggles.
“Sounds like something from the Four Quartets,” I say.
“I know them,” Lisa says, dropping a fry back to her plate, "Twenty-six miles across the sea, Santa Catalina is a waiting for me."
I smile and say, “I'm okay now.”
The young men are determined not to look at us and their eyes search the floor looking a dime or an embarrassing moment.
“I heard when you’re sick like that, you know you're cured when you stop loving your therapist.”
	I nod, but the truth of the matter was that I knew I was well when I realized I never would be and that my therapist was a sadistic, pudgy dolt. Lisa is quiet munching on a fry and acquiring a dot of catsup on the corner of her mouth. My God, how can potatoes be transformed into beauty? At least somethings make sense. Lisa is curious, maybe protecting herself before hopping into bed with a onetime inhabitant of a mental hospital.
“Do you like me?” I ask.
“Of course, I do, or I wouldn't.”
“That's not necessarily true,” I say.  “Do you like me?”
“You're scaring me.”
I nod and become quiet.
“I like you,” she says quietly, looking at her plate now vacated by food and visited only with a sprig of parsley.
We are quiet on the way home. I am wondering of her quiet world as lights move through the car in odd and fractured patterns. I wonder of my world, the only world I have known. I think of Tom's dead world and the
eulogy I am to write. Somehow, Tom's death has become a fireproof curtain acting as a backdrop to my drama and somehow, this curtain makes everything more dramatic and more real, yes real.
It is late Tuesday morning and my apartment is full of green light as I scoop half a teaspoon of instant coffee into my cup then decide to forget my estate and put another half teaspoon into the small lake. It snows on brown water. I wonder if I have given up on happiness and sought contentment in suffering because I have no choice? Is true happiness, piston driven happiness a possibility for me on earth? I shall die unwed like Tom but as a deacon. At least priests take care of each other like a motorcycle gang. 
I was so happy sitting in church Sunday, the prospect of Lisa looking like a flowered dell and then Monday, I was fired and Tuesday, Tom is dead. I sat in church listening to Father Michaelson's homily about faith, the faith of the Centurion who need not have seen Christ to know. I suppose I am not that way, not now.
I feel my eyes cross slowly as I stare at the steam coming from the egg colored foam on my coffee. The amalgam of phobias, audio-hallucinations and depressions make the entire world a Sahara. By a lake in autumn, I am alone. When icy clouds sail through crayon colored skies, I am alone. I think of Lisa. In my mind's eye, she is bright and canadine, almost glowing with color like an over tuned television set.
I was given this morning off to prepare for Tom's afternoon Mass of Christian Burial but I wrote my eulogy following Sunday's mass when I thought of Lisa and happiness before death surrounded me like a cerecloth.
Instead of school, I went to a gas station and asked for work as a clerk from a fat man with a loose fitting and dirty tie who had me sit in his car and fill out application forms. The car smelled of his butt and I scribbled my name on papers attached to brackish clipboards. We walked into the station and he arranged for me to take a lie detector test at noon which is what I am awaiting. Is there a lie detector test?
God, if I had only never questioned but learned, rote if necessary, some body of skill, some corpus of privilege which our society rewards with money, homes, wives and esteem. Maybe I would not have religion but I could have wallowed in the arts instead or vacationed in Tahiti. No, I picked this lonesome valley.
I am in a small waiting room in a three-story office building full of certified public accountants, physicians, dentists and psychologists. Just sitting here in a forest of Naugahyde, I can see the sterile hallways bend in the earth's gravitational field. I am not here to see the spear bearers of society. I am here to be lie detected by a machine ran by an ex F.B.I. agent. The fat, flatulent slob who hired me gave me a card with this address on it and said, "Costs us forty-five dollars to test ya."
“Mr. Gilmore?”
I want to say to the man who is wiring me that the name is Mr. Funnel but. . .
“We all during life have stolen something. The Regal Petroleum Company is not looking for saints.”
	“Why not?” I wonder. 
“So please, tell me item by item the things you have taken.”
“Nothing.”
“What?”
“I've never stolen anything.”
“I've never run into anything like this before. You mean you never picked up a quarter from a table when you knew it was meant for the waitress?”
“No.”	
“How about paperclips, rubber bands, an odd pencil, pens, paper, free Xeroxing?”
“No.”
The man stares at me. I stare at the knot in his tie, a narrowing of fabric which loops about itself and says something about the alloy of soul and body.
*
I drive slowly to Our Lord's Precious Wounds, across narrow roads lined with bungalows setting five feet from the street. The street upon which I drive, was once narrow as well but has been forced into the buildings next to it so that there is street, narrow gutter and a minimal sidewalk. A fire hydrant splashes my car as I pass a group of brown children in their loose underwear, frolicking in the water. It is hot and I pull at my shirt.
“Remember to console the family,” the priest of Our Lord's Precious Wounds says to me as a single file of parochial, grammar school children creep past the coffin, hands to mouths and eyes of large ovals, looking at Tom, who is so immobile, his body seems to be tethered to the center of the earth.
The children leave, and slowly the pews fill with many aged people, some young ones, some faces I have seen from the seminary.
*
I sit next to the priest in my linen, sitting as still as possible as there is a reading from Luke. I close my eyes and breathe deeply. I do not move. I feel my shirt and robe cling to each other. I am aware that my shoes are not black but oxblood, a pair I have had for ten years and worn so seldom that the soles are still as slick and shiny as polished stone.
*
When my time to speak arrives, I walk slowly to the lectern, look at the faces which seem once removed as if I were staring at them through sunglasses without the darkness and I begin:
“A human is born, lives and dies and his death removes us from him. It is always sad and disconnected somehow from what seems to be our good. Why should a young man, shortly to become a priest, die when we so desperately need priests? Why has this young man, Tom, died just as his parents' decent work was near completion?” (The thrice breathed air is short of oxygen and the nearby Pascal candle flickers. I feel weak in my knees and gaze at the stained glass hoping for inspiration. There are two totally un intelligible figures gazing skywards which makes one look upwards for God or a bottle of Visine.)
“Tom is now in all his ages. His mother and father remember him as an infant with his few awkward steps. Those of us who knew Tom more recently remember the quiet, caring man, sharing the solitude of his being with us as we tried to share ours with him. But also, Tom, the well tenured priest is here, Tom, the wise and salient elder he was to be because God knows us in our past, present and future. Because there is no moment in our life, that God will not enjoin us. Christ is with us on the journey from beginning to end just as he was with the Pilgrims to Emmaus. He did not wait in town for them; he joined them enroots. Tom has not really been taken from us for we all are still among the Communion of Saints. We are one in the eyes of God, our faith fleshing out the Mystical Body of Christ as surely as Mary gave Christ his blood and body when He first came to us. We are Church, God doing his work on earth. We are one with Christ present, Christ future and Christ past and we are one with Tom through the Trinity. Tom rests with our Father today because our Father has done the just thing, he has brought Tom to his breast.
“We all share in the life of Christ, in the happy wedding with the miracle of the water and wine, in the healing of the sick and the proclaiming of heaven come to earth. Tom has completed his earthly journey. He has shared in the joys of which we have spoken and in the mystery of the Last Supper. But unlike you and I, he has fully suffered and died with Christ and with Christ, he has been resurrected. For Tom, we pray and rejoice.”
*
Thursday, after class, I head for my first day on the job at Regal Petroleum at a station near the school where I worked until Monday. Watching the sunset, awaiting nine o'clock close, I think of a would-be robbery, how I would quietly hand over what money there is as a gunman would run his eyes among the images of me, the cigarettes behind me and the grey cash register. For my pleasure, I rerun the fantasy, only this time, the gunman is left handed. In my fantasy, I am not afraid. In my fantasies, I am never afraid but in life, I quake from tiny and wee things.
I look to the trailer park pink sky and when I look down, I see Lisa standing in front of my grated window.
“Hi, Gilmore, can I come in?”
I blink and rub my eyes. I unlock the door and feel a surge of fresh air in my little hut. Lisa comes through the door and looks about then calmly decides to sit on oil cans. I notice the blue air from the several cigarettes I have smoked.
“I'm sorry about the smoke. The ventilation isn't so hot in here.”
“I smoke sometimes too. Do you have one?”
I have thousands, I think looking to the rack behind me.
I reach into my pocket and pull out a packet of Camel straights and offer Lisa one.
“God, my grandfather was smoking these when he got off the boat,” she says.
I am ashamed of my looks. Since I had become whatever I had become with Lisa, I had carefully washed my hair and selected carefully from my pathetic wardrobe so that I would look my best.
I watch a cloud of smoke come from her mouth which filters her face. Her face wavers behind the smoke and the idea that I am breathing smoke which was once in her lungs, even her blood, cruising though her heart, her loins; makes my chest hurt and pull draughts of smoky air in greater quantity.
“Why are you here?” I ask.
“Just came to visit you,” she says.	
“Are things okay at the school?”
“I'm working with some fifty-year-old woman. I think she forgets to take her estrogen. I hate her, the kids hate her.”
Lisa smashes her cigarette into a lid from a peanut butter jar I have been using for an ashtray.
“Have you seen Kevin? Or is it Keith?”
“Last night. We went to a movie and then he tried to take me home but I wouldn't go.”
Her eyes look at mine. I stare into them. I blink. In the momentary shutter of my eyes, I feel all the longings of my life compacted to an instant and the ache runs from my blackened sight to my numb toes.
“I told him,” she says, “that I have another meeting Saturday night at Waldo's house. Saturday is still on, isn't it?”
“Yes, seven o'clock. I work afternoons only, but tonight I work to close.”
I look from my small glass box to the outside world which has become dark suddenly. Lisa and I are in a box of light and the entire world is dark.
“Then I'll see you at seven on Saturday. Okay?”
I nod. She reaches for the door but it is locked. It is always locked.
“Here,” I say and reach to unlock it. I feel my arms brush against her breast and I turn suddenly and kiss her. It is a short kiss.
“Gilmore, she says, “don't make anything of that. I let you kiss me so it wouldn't hurt your feelings. Do you understand?”
I nod. I understand all too well.
*
	My Thursday night is spent walking to the window in the stairwell, expecting to see a car, anyone’s, pull into the vacated lot of Big Al's (coffee tables with the look of real wood). The sky is unsettled and the stars are eclipsed then allowed to shine by the movement of roiling clouds which can only be imagined.
When I go into my apartment, I think of Lisa with Kevin or is it Keith? It does not matter; the image is quite correct, the spangled symbol of his being somehow is more accurate than his name. I slouch in my chair, remove my shoe and run my sock enclosed foot along the brass upholstery tacks and close my eyes as the ball below my great toes encounters a rhythm which I dumbly repeat.
Christ never addressed tedium, the time between discovering God and death. To love and serve God was given to me to be a reason for living but that speaks of something less than an omniscient God. Physics lately implies that consciousness is necessary to produce the certain apparition of the universe so perhaps our being is cause of on ordered universe. There is no comfort in this. That is a problem; there are no problems. And even enjoining a life after death, there is no assurance that an explanation of why, concerning our existence, will be forthcoming. If, however, God is omniscient, could he not explain the most complex thing to any being, even an earthworm or his cousin, man? Just why. God made a vast relay of images divorced from reality and altering the real world to a visual one with dimension, I do not know. I am certain that the universe is like. a video game in which a stick seems to move an image on the screen when the reality of the machine is in a non-measured circuitry below the screen just as our universe is an image of a reality which has no dimension. I am returned to boredom.
Perhaps it is because we are all mist aught, leavened with air of thinking we know? I yearn for the moment reality becomes a thing beyond our capacity to understand, when half gluons are absurd and electrons do not exist, when matter is described as flakes of twisted space.
*
Friday morning finds me late, rushing to Seminary without showering, having dragged a razor across a wet face and slopping my hair down with gel. In my homily class, I read my eulogy for Tom. I feel nothing as I gaze across the ancient faces, T.S. Eliot enmasse.
I see a shadow on the translucent glass of the door and know it to be Monseigneur Freeman and I gaze from my reading to the door. My instructor, a Vincentian priest in his sixties, sees me staring at the door, he coughs and the entire class turns to look at him.
“Well polished,” he says to me, “quite well polished, Mr. Funnel.”
	The shadow is gone by the time I drive to my job at the Regal service station. I exchange shifts with an aging woman with dyed streaks in her hair which make her pate look dry an evolved. The place is filled with smoke and I cough as she closes the door behind her and the elaborate, self-locking mechanism works throwing bolts and spinning the key hole vertical. I look at the jagged, vaginal opening and feel entombed. This feeling is terrifying but it is not deathly. I think of Tom but it is quickly superseded by the image of my missionary friend going asunder on an airstrip built with too much sand in the concrete. The past week catches up with me and I feel tears streaking down my face.
I take a deep breath but when I release it, the air comes in pelts as my lungs spasm. Suppose I don't become priest or deacon, then what would I do? There is a void which I try to fill with standard void fillers such as returning to school to learn how to program computers. 
I shove the whole damned business out of my mind by thinking of tomorrow and Lisa but Lisa is probably head over teenage heels in love with Kevin. Even, maybe, he loves her. Who knows?
There is a banging on the door. I try to look from my barred window to the door which is on the other side of building.
“Who is it?” I call.
“It's Kevin,” a voice returns, shifted to a higher plane in the same way in which light is shifted as an object moves towards us. I think of his voice as sodium, lighted in pure white.
I work the mechanism and the brass clicks and I am relieved that it works. Someday it won't. Someday, everything will not work.
“Hi, Gilmore,” he says, running a hand through his hair which returns to its exact position. He stares at the rack of cigarettes, the stacks of oil and the grey cash register. “How you doing?”
“I'm okay, I'm fine,” I say and look at his pants and wonder why they never ride to the side, have the zipper creep lower or bunch about the thighs. Is it because he keeps his hands in his pockets so often?
“I was wondering if you've talked to Lisa lately.” He looks about then sits gingerly on the stack of oil cans and Valvoline is repeated like a rolling computer printout beneath his butt.
“I talked to her yesterday,” I say. “She stopped by here after work.”
“You've known her a while. Look, Gil, there's no need to mince words. I really like the girl. I mean I really like her.”
	I nod. I do too, I think, only I cannot decide if I really like her that much or if she is the door out of my life.
“She likes you too,” I say.
His eyes meet mine only his head does not move and for a moment, he looks like a model in catalogue.
“Is she seeing someone else?” 
I shrug. “She wants things to be perfect with you, I know that,” I say, “she told me so.”
His eyes run down the packs of cigarettes and then draw an el in space as they come to rest on my Kmart shirt.
“I think she's seeing someone else. She never goes out with me on Saturday night. Look, I know I'm a lot older than she is. I'm five years older. I'm a grad student and I'm writing a thesis in Psychology?”
“She told me.”
“But it's for a master degree. A master in Psychology is about as good as roll of toilet paper.”
“You can get a job in a school or at a mental health center.”
“And what, make twenty grand a year?”
We both stare around my stale little building.
“It keeps the rain out,” I mumble, thinking how I have never made more than sixteen thousand in one year, and that was operating a rubber extruder in a tire plant.
“You have a graduate degree, don't you?”
“Yeah, in literature. Literature of antiquity to be exact.”
He looks at me with a face, cheeks squinting his eyes, hands still in pants pockets, shirt bloused then pulled perfectly into a pair of pants with a thin belt looping about his waist perfectly binding his torso to his legs.
“Greek and Roman things, some Hebrew, the Bible, things like that,” I say.
“You could teach, couldn't you?”
I shake my head sideways, though I could. I did get a teacher’s certificate years ago in secondary education, back when I was married. I remember the strange fitting clothes and the kids dressed in motley colors with long hair. The thought sends shivers up my spine. It reminds me of marriage.
“Don't tell Lisa I came by, okay?”
“Okay,” I say, and my friend explodes on the tarmac and Tom lies to one side as if strung to the core of the earth with a guy wire.
Kevin stands, I open the door and he disappears then reappears in my barred window and gets into his metal colored sports car. Another young man has been waiting for him in the passenger seat. I smile, but the young man only turns his sunglass face towards the front mirror.
“Fuck you,” I mumble, “fuck all of you.”
Darkness is descending as I drive towards the set of tract houses in which my mother lives, in which I grew up. The whole neighborhood feels like an aerial photograph of itself. There could be exes where momentous events of my childhood transpired. I belch and taste this evenings' macaroni and cheese. I hear the rough running V8 in my Pontiac and watch the sweep of dimming yellow light on the grey streets.
I pull in front of my mother's house. She asks me not to park in the drive way.
“It leaves the God awful black spots on the drive.” She always speaks telegraphically. The refrigerator is the fridge. The driveway, the drive; the sidewalk, the walk; the television, the TV and the bathroom, the John.
“0h, dear, Gilmore. I'm just leaving for bridge. Well, c'mon in and make yourself at home. Remember to lock the door when you leave. Bye.”
And the door clicks shut and I company to my loneliness. I wish I had not met Lisa. I wish I had not become aware of this longing, this pounding in my heart, this constant beat that says, “I ought to.”
I sit in the television room and smell the assortment of chemicals my mother uses in the house and the lemon scent reminds me of my father. I see him in his National Guard uniform, wearing his bone glasses with his scalp showing through his hair and his light khaki uniform mimicking the color of his head. His light brown eyes wandered about the television screen of his glasses.
He was an engineer in the National Guard but on the other three weekends and weeks; he was machinist for the governmental facility north of town where the city revealed the prairie on which it had been erected.
Hollow and fast winds blew about the place and the rumor was that triggers for nuclear weapons were manufactured beneath the ground, below the few telephone poles and scattered buildings. I never imagined how five thousand people could work there until it dawned on me that they all worked beneath the ground like ants.
My father never read books, watched little television and spoke only on occasions when it was absolutely demanded unless it was while he read the paper which would cause him to mutter or approach cursing which was something like "gee whiz us said with same inflection that I might utter "Jesus Christ."
The rest of his time was spent in the unfinished basement with his radial arm power tools which to this day, seem so complex, I walk briskly by them. From the small basement, an unending line of bookshelves, end tables, coffee tables, wooden wagons with wooden wheels and all other constructions passed until the day he laboriously shut the thing down but not until he had oiled the mechanisms and covered them with canvas. I could hear him groaning with pain as he shuffled about, hollow and gaunt and when he completed, he went to his room, donned pajamas and never left bed.
I feel a tear in my eye. I feel like I am a ball in a ping pong came between happiness and depression, crossing the net wickedly fast and at other times, going slowly, spinning and ricocheting off plywood.
I turn on the television set and watch my mother's P.E.S. shows without her. I still hear her comments as if she were sitting next to me. I hear about gumption. I hear about probity. I hear how application will overcome any obstacle but it will not overcome death nor will it overcome difficult choices. It will not stop the mind from throwing images of dying friends and dead would-have-been-priests. In fact, it seems as if it will overcome nothing of consequence, only the desire to control others. There, applications have its place.
I bought extra things for my Saturday, a small bunch of flowers which look a bit so happy for my apartment, a bottle of wine, two candles and two paper placemats imitating tatting.
I have everything prepared by four in the afternoon and I am reduced to watching reruns on television, the languid images of cartoon characters parading about an adamant building. Forms trot across bleached pavement as corny music flows from the television's tiny speaker. I do the only sensible thing. I go to Arbys and buy a ham and cheese sandwich.
My pancake fund has been depleted more in the past week than the all the others combined. I stopped at a pharmacy and bought a package of rubbers with raised ridges. The little abacus of sexual desire has conspired that my manliness shall overcome Lisa's mild frigidity (perhaps coolness is a better word) with the aid of "St-HIM-u-late HER.” Not knowing if a rubber constitutes birth control, I also bought a can of foam which is about the size of canisters of aerated cheese.
	During the week, while standing in front of the fireproof curtain of Tom's death, I have wished my sexual desire back to its place of its two-year hiatus. But now, I feel it gives me another chance at life. Instead of dreaming myself behind some lectern ca1ming fears and anger, I see myself magnified, loved by all.
I drive back to the pharmacy and purchase a tube of Prolong which is supposed to stay my ejaculation for hours, weeks if necessary. I had contemplated buying it when I was here earlier but thought I would be embarrassed to place three sexual objects in front of the watery eyes of the female pharmacist who stared and blinked several times from behind her contact lens, the outline of which, was as delicate as a fissure in a gemstone, as she tried to act nonplussed in a way not even gynecologist attempt. Unfortunately, it is the same pharmacist among the near infinite array of boxes bottles and moist air. She dutifully rings the register and flicks several times at her wedding ring as she awaits my money I dive for in my rubber coin and key holder given to me by my bank when I deposited my pancake fund money.
“Thanks,” I say.
“Thank you,” she says.
“You’re welcome,” I say.	
“I am,” she says and smiles a professional grin.
Once home, I open the small tube of Prolong which at once fills the room with the smell of denatured alcohol and cloves. I touch my finger to the end of the tube and the small pad at the end of my digit, goes numb. I rub it with my index finger from my other hand and the tip of this finger goes numb. I sneeze and the tip of my nose seems to have gone dead.
*
Earlier in this week, sometime after Tom's death but prior to his funeral, I went to the library to get another copy of YOU AND YOUR ORGASM but they had only the one which Lisa now has. I had hoped to find out what lesson for this night was to be. I had glanced wearily at it last Saturday night without thinking. Now, the wry Chinamen of my desire has decided that "metness alone will cause female rapture.
“Gilmore Funnel, with the stu… stu…stupidie eyes,” I sing and think of how dumb this whole endeavor is. I guess I want to know if tonight I get to plunge my member, repristinated by a two-year sabbatical, into the weird flesh of Lisa's nineteen-year-old loins. I was thinking the same thought earlier in the day at the park near the creek where I wandered amid Boy Scouts and retirees. Beneath a poplar, a man asked if I were a Christian. He was a Jehovah's Witness.
“Why aren't you feeding the sheep?” I asked.
“I'm spreading the Gospel.”
“Why waste your time converting the converted? By the way, do you have a match?” I asked.
Since working in the gas station, my nicotine habit had returned full blown. I pulled an unfiltered Camel from my pocket and thumped it hard on my watch crystal which left two leaves at three o'clock.
“No, I don't,” he said, shifting his head, which slightly loosened some of the threads of his thinning hair which had been plastered across the pinky pate with grease which made what was left of his hair a bluish black in the afternoon sun.
“Saint Paul says the body is a temple.”
“Saint Paul is not God,” I said cutting him off, “and if he gets in the way of God, fuck Saint Paul.” The man looked at me and began mumbling as he walked away looking back occasionally. I tried to see what he saw, perhaps a mad man smoking on a cigarette with a jean jacket on and all his weight supported on one leg with the other, tapping softly at the grass.
Last night, I dreamt my baby brother was dead and awoke and remembered that he was dead. I went to my mother's house after the pharmacy. I listened to her complaints as I mowed the lawn which spewed forth a blue smoke and a jade haze of desiccated grass. She sat in her patio chair which looked like an opened clam. I nodded and smiled and all the time I felt like so reaming, "Mommy, I'm dying."
I went to the supermarket and bought my groceries after I saw my mother. When I got home, I set the little bag of rubbers and foam on my cardboard chest of drawers. The bag sets now next to my rotating waterfall with the receipt nicely stapled to the small leaf colored bag's closing fold. I could never do such things so I have not been anxious to open it to place my little tube of Prolong in it. I stare at the tube and rub the tip of my nose, hoping, feeling will return.




*
“Hi.”
I turn from my spot in front of the stair window to Lisa, a step below the landing, dressed in a soft tee shirt, her irises, an infinity and her lips glistening like wet rock candy.
“I love you,” I say.
“Oh, God, Gilmore, settle down. It's me, Lisa. I'm old enough to be your daughter.”
With her verbal slip, we traverse the steep stairs which are sunken and eroded in the middle from decades of unknown ascension. I watched Lisa's hips sway at my eye level as she climbed two steps in front of me and I wondered if she had made a bridge between her father and me. Had he moteled at the Ramada Inn on the edge of forever?
*
“I like the frozen pizzas,” Lisa says, “they only have eleven hundred calories in a whole one.”
I nod, pulling a piece of pizza away from the cookie tin and seeing tenuous strands. of amber cheese hurdling in space along with Lisa, the pizza, me and the planet. As I watch Lisa chew, the tubes of sexuality heat, electrons climb ancient and unused grids as a positive charge escalates on the other side of my wafer-thin being. 
Lisa's eyes are dilated in the dark apartment. She rises from the table without speaking, mouthful of pizza muting her words and points towards the living room where she is already headed. A moment later, the radio comes on. Lisa returns and reseats herself 
“Your eyes are sad,” she says.
She doesn't expect an answer. This is a matter of fact statement and not a question. I nod, chewing pizza and wondering what affect my sad eyes have on. Lisa, She shoves YOU AND YOUR ORGASM at me. I look at this evening's lesson.
“Pretty hot stuff,” I say. I feel my cheeks redden as if I were drunk.
The reality of Lisa, her delicate twenty-year-old beauty and simple grace arrived at- from straight mental lines, abates any idea of many effort overcoming what probably is not a problem anyway. Reality is always so disappointing. As a helicopter pans a cruise ship, I sneak quietly into my bedroom and place my sexual things into a drawer and exhale. The cardboard drawers working against themselves are difficult to shut and the thought of dry paper drives me to the bathroom to put lotion on my hands which reminds me of my ex-wife. Despising fellatio, she did not hesitate to drown my hardened member in cold Jerkens and the walnut and honey smell forever reminds me of hers and my sexual frustration and self-hatred.
The thought of my ex-wife sobers me and I return to the living room, glance about and notice that Lisa is gone.
“Lisa?” I call, sounding like a mother yelling for her lost child at a supermarket.
“I'm in the bedroom,” she shouts back, “but you can't come in. I'm not ready.”
I sigh and sit on the chair which Lisa has just left and I feel the warmth from her bottom. Thank you, God. Thank you. I feel as if I had taken some drug called normality which my body is not used to but which other peoples' bodies produce in abundance. It is a certain 140 anti-terror drug which numbs the barren is-scape and the reflections of this Gobi-like place of fruitless breathing and bounding but bounded heartbeats.
A rap on the door. 
I think, perhaps it is in my head, for in my sounded world, there are phones which ring and cannot be answered, voices beckon to be heard but no ear can hear them.
Another rap.
I open the door and see the consternated face of Lisa's young man. He is dressed in khaki and polyester and smells of Brut.
“Is Lisa here?”
“Well, Kevin.”
“Get out of my way!” he shouts and shoves.
I feel my body hurdle backwards and with a quick retreating step, I redo my balance and step forward.
 	“Look, Kevin,” I say.
I feel my pink shirt grabbed and as I look at the young fleshy knuckles wrinkle what was once a bright pink shirt but now has faded to a whitish pink, I feel privileged to be involved. His right fist retreats and returns with a dumb force which mysteriously makes me sit down. I wonder if I have really been struck. I feel remarkably clear headed and in some airy place. I believe I felt this before after riding the Cog Railway to the top of Pikes Peak. I feel as if I were breathing though my skin and not my lungs. I think of telescopes with correcting lenses, bent light, particles from a void.
“Say, Kevin,” I say, “how come psychology is moving towards nineteenth century determinism when physics is headed in the opposite way?”
“It's Lisa, dammit.”
“Your voice is a brook.”
“Kevin's been gone for five minutes.”
“What?”
“He's gone.”
“What happened?”
-“You babbled and kept saying, "You really do see stars."
“God, I didn't exist for a moment. It wasn't nothingness. It was the nothing of nothingness.”
“Are you okay?”
I notice she is in a gown, ethereal and white. Pink flesh peaks from snowy fiber.
“Should I take you to the hospital?”
“No, I'm about as fine as I always am.”
The world fleshes out. The floor ceases to be solely a rectangle and.is filled with wood and a world below it. I sit on my small sofa. I move to touch my forehead and I encounter it an instant before I should.
“I think I'm swollen,” I say.
“You've got the biggest black eye I've ever seen. I'm sorry. I told him I was studying with you. He came into the room after he hit you and saw me then he came out here and hit you again.”
I notice she is crying here in my Barney Fife-like apartment which is flashing red in the apricot induced sky of the Sherwin Williams Cover the World sign.
“You'll get him back,” I say, “everything will be fine.”
“I don't want him back,” she sobs. Her shoulders collapse towards each other and the width of her being contracts. I feel the film of fabric between my palm and her shoulder. 
“Why are you crying?”
“He hit you.”
“I should have hit him back. But it's hard to hit someone when you're unconscious.”
Did the contacting of my poor flesh with Kevin's sturdy hand bequea.bh something to me? From what eldriged cave did Euripides first draught love ridden plays? What was love before it was a motive?
“The fucker can go to hell,” Lisa says sitting next to me. Her face is frozen instantly and looks like a photograph on a piano.
“Trouble is,” she says, “I love him.”
Naturally.
	My right eye is half closed and encircled in a purplish black like undyed beef as I drive towards the seminary. I wear a pair of three-dollar sunglasses I bought at Kmart yesterday before going to mass. I arrived late after calling Father Michaelson to tell him I could not be an “altar person" for him.
“Oh, yes, you can,” he said and hung up.
Which left me sitting next to him under the drone of the evaporative cooler. From the seats for the celebrants, one sees the back of the church in a way that one never sees a church. I was unaware of the people staring at me. Perhaps they thought I had been in a car wreck or some other gut wrenching human episode instead of punched. But this hope was soon exploded when Father Michaelson incorporated me in his homily.
“You must learn to turn the other cheek like Gilmore here,” he said while placing an open palm towards me.
	Wonderful, I thought. Maybe Father Michaelson will think of me as brave, perhaps even religious but this was dispelled as we removed our linen and he abruptly left, closing the door between the rectory and church.
“Oh, Christ,” I mumbled.
So now, I motor to the seminary, having spent my Sunday watching television and thinking up excuses.
“I'm not quite certain," I will say, “I just woke up with it.
I tripped and landed on the edge of the coffee table (which I don't own but on the other hand, I didn't fall on one either)."
“I pulled the car door into my face,” I mumbled.
Yes, this would be the answer. This is something I am quite capable of doing. In fact, I make a mental note to be careful about opening the" car door. I could even fake it in the presence of a few of the seminarians but then, they might insist on taking me to a physician who instantons would know a black eye from fist.
But then, I sigh; I must tell the truth. The trick will be avoiding Monseigneur Freeman. Perhaps I will miss him all day. When the professor in my deaconate class asks, I can truthfully say that it was an unfortunate occurrence which, indeed it was.
I stop at the Burger King and sip hot coffee from Styrofoam. It is the first time in a week, liquids have not tasted like spoons.
“Good morning, Gilmore.”
I turn to see Monseigneur Freeman with a plastic tray containing a small cup of water and a burger.
“Would you have been going' six rounds with Ali?” he asks.
I suppose a priest has seen as many black eyes as a physician, especially one who years before taught in parochial school.
I nod and look at my coffee but my wall of silence will not do. I stare to the glass trying to focus my attention on an errant streak left by a window washer.
“Tell me all about it, Gilmore,” Monseigneur Freeman says.
“I have a hermeneutics class in about (I glance at my wrist then realize I don't wear a watch) … about five minutes,” I say.
“Were you drinking?” he asks.
“I really do have to go to class,” I say.
“You're excused from it, Gilmore,” he says, sliding into the booth across from me. I realize that in the Bing Crosby films, this is the point when Bing removes the sunglasses and says, "Tsk, tsk, quite a shiner there,” and Bing and the boy go on about being young men in the world.
“Yes,” I say, sipping my coffee.	
“Trouble is, I'm not Bing Crosby and you're three weeks away from taking religious vows.”
“Yes sir,” I say.
“What was it over?” he asks.
	He has sparkling blue eyes and they seem even clearer with his anger behind them. His anger is not out of control. It is marshalled with his wit so that every sentence is an inescapable indictment.
“We have the seminarians living here. They travel in twos. The Deacons are supposed to be mature men. Over thirty-five, isn't it?”
“Yes,” I say, looking at his thin and hard lips. God, do I hate him right now.
“What was it over?”
“A woman,” I say.
“Oh, a woman.”
“Yes, I was helping her study. She used to work with me at the preschool, my afternoon job, and her boyfriend thought that she and I were involved sexually and he hit me. Twice to be exact.”
“Were you?”
“Was I what?”
“Sexually involved?”
“No,” I lie, “I was helping her with mathematics.”
He puts his hand to his chin and rubs at a stub which
I cannot see.
“Did you fight back?”
“No.”
“What did you do?”
“I got caught in an unseemly position by a young man who evidently has sexual interests in the girl I am tutoring.”
Monseigneur Freeman nods.
“Father Michaelson called me last evening.”
I look up and remove my sunglasses.
“I'm going to be watching you like a hawk and so is he.”
“Yes sir,” I say.
He slides from the booth, across the yellow plastic seat, and removes his food with a quick snatch.
*
Nasa has less complex computers than this Regal gas station cash register which is supposed to figure exact charges and change. I exist in a little, half glass, half metal hut joined with stainless steel crimps. During wind gusts, the place hums. I do enjoy the divot and the voice plate whereby I can make monetary and oral transactions. I am the slow-moving clerk in the durable blue smock with' "Gil" written in a white oval. Across the avenue, a small antique store gazes at me with two equal sized, dark windows. The building sets squat in front of a small hill upon which tract housing sets and from which, during quiet afternoon hours, there is the noise of children playing.
Coins are dropped into my dip in the counter. Lips quiver about incisors as I count money to the customers. How lonely I must look behind the glass. Maybe not lonely, just stupid.
Last night I dreamt my teeth grew then erupted and fell from my mouth like popcorn kernels spat to a napkin. How I must look, my face distorted and purple, my soul bent by servitude.
“Thank you, sir.”
	I am serenaded constantly with dings as cars drive across tiny burnt orange hoses which cross the concrete of the station.
When my day at work is finished, I head home with the sun cocked towards the west and dimming shadows cast
across us all.

*
“Hello,” I say, seeing Lisa in my dark hallway between the phone and my door. The hallway is dark and the dead and fading flowers sweat with humidity. As I invite her in, her face searches for some constant thing and her eyes land momentarily on an oscillating fan my mother has lent
me.
“I haven't eaten yet,” I say, “would you like half a macaroni and cheese dinner?”
“No.”
I nod and watch as she sits on my couch where her bottom makes a dimple in my purple fake velvet couch the way the sun makes a dimple in space.
“There's going to be more trouble,” she says. She looks nervously about then places her hands her lap and stares at me.
“Why?” I ask, sitting on the ottoman.
“Kevin told my parents.”
“Told them what, that you were in my apartment?”
“C'mon, Gilmore, I was in a negligee. He told him what it looked like and maybe what it was going to be.”
My heart is throbbing from the capacity of last Saturday evening.
 	“I love you,” I say.
“God, Gilmore, stick to our problem.”
“Well, what kind of asshole is Keith anyway?”
“It's Kevin. It doesn't matter what kind of asshole he is. He told my father.
I can see a blistered look on a man's face. It is strange how little our minds need to imagine a person from no description other than a daughter's looks and her attitude towards him.
“I had to sneak out,” she says, “my parents are really pissed off. Things haven't been going well anyway. Dad took an extra half shift cleaning the machines at work and my Mom says we don't even need the money.”
“Where does he work?”
“At the packing plant.”
Now, I see an angered man with a garden hose in hand flushing blood into deltas with a rubber squee-gee towards a drain where the slow-moving and cold fluid collects and drains, drip by drip.
“I got to warn you, Gilmore, he's been drinking a lot and he's got a bad temper. He got loaded at Christmas and hit my mother.”
I nod, a nod of a thousand nods which I learned to do after being hospitalized where the broken limbs of my metaphysic were amputated in an analeptic state. “No more poetry," my doctor told me and mumbled, "schizophrenic.” Or did I just imagine that? What would he thing of my running journal?
“Everything is okay,” I say.
I make a note in church pen ink upon a book of matches to visit Lisa's father at the slaughter house. Perhaps the enjoying of Lisa's and my flesh was not meant to be. There is an eon of mourning, composed mainly of the constant rendering of want.
“I'll take care of things. I'm sorry this happened,” I say, “maybe our experiment just wasn't meant to be.”
“It's not over,” she says and cocks her head while her tongue lashes at her front teeth and bits of light dance in her eyes.
In this moment of frozen pupils, I see a recess in her eyes which stretch to infinity. I smile my theological grin.
I suggest a walk and we go into what is now a night air in the flickering orange of the Cover the World sign. The air smells of sprinkled streets as water gently touches our faces while we walk a side street into a residential area. The rain falls harder and runs on our exposed flesh, joining in the confluence of our hands then falls to the pavement. There is the tintinnabulation of water on a folded newspaper which grows loud as we approach it then diminishes as we pass like a Doppler effect. Is love a fixed object we near then pass? A moment of silence is in the soft rain for again I have heard the hoofs of the chariot's horses on the plains. I suppose if we walked all night till dawn interlocked with the black of eve and cranked the world one more revolution on its tally of the prime numbers, things would make sense. I remember the emotive explosion which preceded my brain gone to machinery. A fear closes in on me made of broken dreams, broken homes, a slipped sense of reality and my transistorized marriage which was reduced to feeling. We are back at Lisa's station wagon.
“I'll call you tomorrow,” she says, and rising to the balls of her feet, proffers her lips with her eyes squelched in lines of water. My lips close on hers, the memory gone and the unskinned tissues meld as we suckle from each other’s want.
I climb the stairs to my apartment, shrinking inches at each step. I look from the stairwell window and see the head lights from Lisa's car cutting into the night. I trudge to my floor and at last, I am dwindled to my size.
Tuesday's homily class brings a short burst of spoken words from beneath my alien eyes, an explosion of all that has been building since I was punched or has it been since I slid from my mother's womb?
After finishing classes, Monseigneur Freeman asks me to speak to him in his rooms. I have trucked these elm stairs till the crack of doom, it seems. As I climb them today, each one reminds me of Tom's death, my father's and my brother's, and the three deaths lead like Socrates’ mortality, straight to the exploding missionary. Were that I flesh alone.
“Your ordination is closing in on ya',” Freeman says, pouring an amber and oily looking fluid from a decanter.  “Care for one?”
“I shouldn't drink,” I say quietly and gently let my eyes close. My one which has been begging to shut like a bank vault collapses upon itself. Freeman sips with an eff eminent puckering of lips which makes his eyes close.
“Did you get things straightened out?” he asks, placing his glass back to the table.
“No. I have many things to straighten out.”
“You're being more forthcoming than usual,” he says, “not hiding. You see, Gilmore, I've always thought you were hiding. I think your pastor, what's his name?”
“Michaelson.”
“Yes, Michaelson. I think they see your hiding as spirituality. Not that you don't have it. You’re damn near God drenched, but I've always thought you were hiding.”
I nod.
“You're doing it now,” he says.
“I don't owe the whole damned world an explanation,” I say.
“The whole damned world is right,” he says and finishes his wine.
*
It is difficult to find the slaughtering plant in the summer heat. I vaguely remember being near the plant, in the parking lot in my teens, sipping beer from a shared can and talking of girls none of us knew, had known or would ever know.
This part of town is jungle of chain link fence, square buildings built from red brick and a ten-dollar architect. I wheel around the dully same block and feel something vaguely sinister about the blankness of industry.
On corners, where street meets street and fences meld in right angles which stretch in perspective to tiny right angles, I wheel my car, wondering if it will overheat the way that I seemed to. Now, I must reckon my way through the same dullness of life that my car shares with this quadrant of town. My ardor has been reduced to flatness like a droning engine or an unpainted chess board. Now, as before, there is no life without reckoning, no existence without responsibility for simply being. I hate this curse.
I find the entrance to the rambling, low leveled plant with its roof of gravel. The sun is tilted only slightly westward but as I cross the parking lot with its tinny small cars and hulking pickup trucks, I feel how soft the tar is beneath my feet. God… I am tired.
“Yeah, you can talk to him,” a lanky young man smoking a cigarette says, then points down a tiled corridor with a line of fluorescent lights on the ceiling. Walking the corridor reminds me of some bureaucracy which usually holds my fate. I see Lisa's father by peeking through a door. He is slow moving and has a crew cut which looks like· a contoured wheat field. His face is permanently a poster of sharp angles. He has blue eyes like Waldo Ballmania's.
“I'm Gilmore Funnel,” I say.
A fist flies with a whizzing noise and impacts my static forehead on the side of my face opposite the black and purple eye. I promptly fall to my seat and am dazed from a lunging punch much harder than Kevin's college effort.
“Are you done?” I ask, staring at the hem of his jeans and the hem of his white and blood-stained smock.
“Yeah,” he says and goes to wiping stainless steel counters. Rarely does my imagination construct a replica of life but it has in this case for indeed, Lisa's father carries a garden hose and in the other hand, a squeeze-gee which he uses to shove blood thickened water into a drain.
“I haven't got thing one to say to you,” he says.
“Nothing happened,” I say and look at the oval on his white smock which reads "Bud".
“Nothing happened,” I say and add, “Bud.”
“She's a kid an' you're a grown man and I don't give a fuck what the law says. The middle-sized figure entombed in this death house has given Lisa her good looks for it is from his sharp angles and smooth planes that Lisa acquires her beauty.”
“I love your daughter.”
“Yeah, yeah. Love, love,” he says and smacks the air with curt and clearly defined lips as he puckers to kiss some unknown fanny, “and you, a man of God.”
“Let's leave God out of this,” I say.
“I think it's crazy some church would let you preach.”
 	Remarkable, indeed, I think, considering how little
I care for people.
“Nothing happened,” I say and wait for a reply which does not come. I stand with both sides of my face now aching and swollen. I am a broken sentence, a warped record.
I think of myself as one of these flickering light tubes which I now walk beneath, strung out in cheapness and easiness and lighting the way for blood stained men with nitric acid sores as their feet plow through enzyme soaked sawdust.

*
Outside my window I hear the sound of teenagers talking. I filled a plastic bag with ice and now have it placed on my newest injury. My face is a costume of purple and black, bumps and risers. I feel a sickness inside. There is something irreversible inside, something to do with the eccentric orbit my soul travels about its universe bringing me from metal melting heat to vast fields of still cold. "How fucking strange," I think. My wisdom began when I quit asking why I was here and started asking why anything was here. And, too, amid the deep cold and bruised flesh, sex circumambulates about the nexus of desires meant to overcome the sad state of this poor sod. Why did God have to be baptized? I shower, letting water trickle over my peculiar and expanded facial tissue. 						*
Evening finds me in my boat of a car, reverberating down the endless concrete 'of the freeway to Kevin's apartment. I catch glimpses of myself in my rearview mirror, a portrait in Detroit blue. I do not have an exact mental script for what I will say to Kevin. I will tell him that I love Lisa and. . .
I cross the small lobby to the elevator and ride to the seventh floor. I knock three times but there is no answer. There is a growing feeling of relief that I will not have to carry forth this burden. I pound again. There is a sonic reverberation in the hallway then nothing.
“I love Lucy!” I scream. “I mean Lisa,” I mumble, and head towards the elevator, which opens as I approach. There is a young man in khaki pants and I feel my brain electrify my heart. But it is not Kevin. I sigh. My stomach falls from my support in the elevator then I drive my car home; across the freeways. At the junction of two major throughways, I look to the east. It is the way to Our Lord's Precious Wounds. I do not take side streets but instead take the Forty Second Avenue exit from the six-lane highway and wind down a two-lane ramp into the Spanish ghetto. Houses show orange and yellow light from curtained windows. On the narrow avenue I have driven before, I find the taxidermist and pull into his lot. There is a metal grill pulled across his window yet behind it, the zebra still munches under an argon twilight. I stare at him for a second, his brown glass eyes, his tufted coat, his stuffed innards, and I ask quietly:
“Do you love Lisa too?”
*
Wednesday's classes were an absolute failure. I had done no studying. In fact, I have not read a page of a book since before Tom's death which now seems to have occurred before my father's, brother's and friend's. Isn't it odd that we can possess death? That it is our last possession? We own are annihilator.
I sit in my gas station. I was not here yesterday. I called in. sick which meant that the morning lady had to work my shift. She was none to enthused at seeing me today as her eyes ran across my blackened face.
“Got into one at a bar, huh?” she asks while taking a drag on her cigarette.
“No,” I say.
But she is sizing me up. She is wondering how I am to affect her. I can almost note that without wording it, she knows that I will not make it here. There is a dinging as a customer crosses the orange hoses and I look and hope to see Lisa's pale green station wagon but it is another angled Japanese car. I sigh and begin counting my cash drawer. One, two…
*
I must talk to Lisa but now I watch the clouds of cigarette smoke swirl in this night time bar where tiny and over exercised thighs press against blue denim and hair is flipped as-gazes are averted. The Risen Christ in my being (perhaps procreation) is left hopeless as he was on the cross.
“You want another beer?” the bartender asks.
“No, no, make it a vodka soda,” I say, remembering that I used to call them "rocket fuel" for they have no bodily effect other than to sail straight to the brain where they weave their work. They doubly stimulate my alcoholic rhyming. The only trouble with having been a drunk was that no one took me seriously. The only trouble with sobriety is that nobody takes me seriously.
The alcohol glazes my esophagus and acidic gases rise from my stomach and coat my breath so that my lungs, if surrounding a wick, would make my mouth burn.
This is no good, I think. I shove the vodka soda away from me and the clear drink stands amid the dark wood of the bar. But, God, Oh, Dear God, my loins. In the corner is a tall and thin beauty with sculpted eyebrows and legs erect and draped in short cloth. Come, my beauty, let me show you a universe in which blind Milton is the surveyor’s benchmark and Lord Byron, the horizon.
The woman smiles at me. Her grin traverses the span of air between us like a suspension bridge. I rub my palms upon my jeans, flick my head to loosen my curls, retrieve my vodka soda and ask the bartender to send a drink to the young woman.
I wait for acknowledgement of the drink and when she smiles, I levitate towards her. Slowly, the world spires and begins to end in the heights of total drunkenness. The feelings for Lisa have been generalized to the entire gender. I am some beast man, proceeding through the glum of a bar over peanut shells and aged floors to this thrice blessed beauty whose name is?
“Susan.”
“I'm not supposed to be here,” she adds.
None of us are, I think, for there is no celebration to the cerebral in here, only the footprints of Darwin.
“What's your name?” she asks in a rising voice.
“Kevin,” I say, throwing my glass to my lips and letting the unstable fluid filter through clenched teeth.
I conspire to seduce this young thing with flippancy and bravado, impress upon her the worthlessness of thought and belief, denigrate all but the hormonal. Show her thought and antidrought.
I buy her three drinks called Gold Cadillacs, which must contain three ounces of alcoholic beverage each. My shimmering Susan, star of this late summer's eve, wavers across the parking lot to her car as I dumbly start mine. I had forgotten the tingling drunkenness sends through the body and the way my head seems to be composed of two brains which overlap like hemispheres on a cartographer’s pages.
I blindly follow the boxy red tail lights of Susan’s car as we meander through side streets in my suburb, streets which were built sometime while I was away. We pull into a large apartment complex. I park next to her and we stumble up metal frames filled with aging concrete to a small apartment painted in white.
The inside of her apartment contains three plants hung from macramé. They hang in front of the window like cold carcasses in Bud's meat plant. I feel myself closing my eyes and leaning my head, over the edge of the couch. This is such brutality. How awful, this cold war we fight in which love is strangled by images our own minds generate about ourselves.
Did it all not start out at as an attempt to end guilt over sexuality? But if Freud is correct and the basic sex drive incestual, then sex is naturally guilt inducing. Our poor, over rated, over worked gonads, slave cylinders to our twenty-four-hour sexual
readiness. I am sleaze, I think.
“Have some more wine, Kevin.”
“Thank y. . . ,” I try to say, but the word is lost, trickled from the mouth, unaided by my mind.
We kiss on her love seat and there is a rapid grappling of hands and wrists. We used to throw virgins in vo1canos. Though she is no virgin, nobody is.
“I'll be right back,” she says and stumbles to a door which I assume is her bedroom. I drink more wine. I wonder if this is Christian Brothers? I cannot tell one wine from another sober, much less drunk.
“Maybe if I had one of those wine assholes with me,” I mumble.
The room goes dark and I blink. My eyes fall to the only light available which is brightness coming from the corona of Susan's neglected body. She is a silhouette behind a glowing white room.
“C' mon, sugar.”
I stumble from the couch and trip going towards her. We both giggle. Why are we drunk? Is she as hurt and lonely as I?
There is the obligatory movie cum magazine kissing and hugging, a statutory probing. I am thinking of Lisa. I close my eyes and see her, her nipples the color of match heads, her high rump moving like a thoroughbred’s... I run my hand over the hips which have the same looping shape my seventh-grade protractor, ruler and French curve formed. I feel the tiny pores from which invisible follicles spring and smell closeted and ancient body aromas. I feel the taught yet soft underarms and her hair tickling her shoulders. I rub my forehead across hers and feel her bangs moistened from her saliva and rub my lips against hers. I pretend she is Lisa and there is a moment of heaven brought to earth with spine. Our thighs rub against each other and my lips work their way to her nipples where they work their way up the semisolid mound to the nipple which is long. I move for moments on top of her and I mumble sharply:
“Lisa!”
As Susan grabs my semi-erect penis to guide it to its dark journey, the seed of my generation spurts upon her naked belly, a fresco of what could have been, painted on her lower abdomen.
“I got to go, I'm dying,” I mumble in ugly words and I leave her apartment half dressed.
“Not yet,” she said, and the sound of her statement circles in my head, my two brains making figure eights of it. I lean on the sheet metal hood of my car and wonder what she could have seen in me, me all battered and beaten. I rub my hand across the hood and I am scratched. I hold my forefinger towards the street light and a tiny drop of blood is made blue by the electrically excited mercury vapor.
Father Michaels called this Friday morning. I am off. I assume that I have been fired from my job at Regal, not having shown up for three days. I sip at my third vodka soda of the morning while watching game shows. He wanted to know where I had been all week. Why wasn't I assisting at the eight am yesterday? He had to officiate solo. Tsk, tsk. I told him I was sorry and that he could count on my attendance next week.
“What's the use?” I mumble in my drink, which makes bubbles. Getting angry at God is almost as futile as prayer. All doubts I have about being an alcoholic are gone. Alcoholism is after all an ism none the less.
	Noon comes and goes. I receive another call, this time from the auxiliary bishop who wants to know what is going on. He reminds me that there is a scant two weeks to my ordination. What five weeks ago looked like eternity, is now a pulse beat. I hurry, or more accurately, time hurries to wed me to this loneliness, this void I have chosen to call God.
On the fifth drink, I feel the mechanical click of drunkenness. I stand, adjust my pants and tighten my belt a notch as I suck air in and stand erect. So there. Now there is no self-pity. I am king surveying his kingdom, four rooms, the busy traffic and Lisa lost in some confrontation with her parents. And why hasn't she called me. She said she would. I believe that is why I started drinking this morning or was it the pain of the hangover?
“I should have belted her old man,” I say.  “Sure, he was tough and he earns his living with his hands, but I am clever. Not even horrendous bad luck or a hateful God can take my cleverness from me. I have lost a wife, friends, a possible girlfriend and probably my future tense office as deacon but my cleverness shall abide forever.”
Monseigneur Freeman calls. He wants to know why I hadn't been to class in three days. I was in a car wreck, I assure him, and I am recuperating from facial blows. There is an appropriate silence, then:
“I've talked to the Archbishop.”
“I'll be there Monday,” I say.
“And we will talk, Gilmore,” he says, “we will talk.”
Yes, I think, and I will talk too this time. I replace the phone in its stainless-steel stirrup and return to my apartment. I feel a sadness prick at my stupor but it passes quickly. There is much time for sadness. Now, I shall gaze from my widow and watch the walking people below me and dream what might have been if I had been born anyone but myself. There is a man without a leg waiting for a bus beneath my window. From above, I suppose this view is the view he has of himself with only one leg beneath him. I am most aware that he has only one foot. This is the way God sees us. All foreshortened. God, the man and I are all acutely aware of his missing foot. In some way, I despise the handicapped. Their problems are so graphic an oddity while mine is as subtle as finding all thirteen pictures of presidents hidden in a farm picture.
*
Ah, sometimes it is a sweet weirdness as with the intercourse of day and night when pale evening is wed to sky and lavender colors weave their way into reality. As the sun has set and curved light screams to be seen, I think the ice of my drink against my teeth. Ah, beauty as in my Lisa, pale herself with color as easily flushed as watercolor from a 170 countertop. Ah, my rhyming, the beginning of my intent where my will shall cause itself to be counted. Perhaps it is the fierce breath of these distilled drinks which
burns away the ropes which tether my will? Well, Lisa will be here tomorrow night and we will continue our experiment. Sometimes, my insidious intent can foretell the future better than a gypsy or a stockbroker. My intent, unlike the silhouette of a cloud out my widow, is substantial. It is· not perceived like shapes and figures. The realities are the continent of my pain, the eternity of my cleverness, the poor lamb of my flesh (that which knows death) and my love.
“Real!” I scream and then in the echoing of my silence, I wait to hear a noise from my never seen neighbors who have eyes like Babylonian Gods, hide with cats in rooms oven hot from unopened windows and have no reply to my shout. I am tired. I am lonely. I am out of drink. The now clear bottle sets upon my table and the bottom is a small circle of amber fluid in a moat formed by the upward thrust of the false bottom into a cone in the glass. I swirl the fluid as I grow sleepy and the last thing I hear is the bottle falling to the carpet.
*
It is hard to say which is more painful, the headache or the guilt. I can clench my head and close my eyes to the white-hot morning but my guilt is always palpable, being, as it is, immediate and real. What happened to yesterday afternoon and evening, even night? The last, I remember, it was near the end of morning and I was having a drink and had just finished speaking with Monseigneur Weiner.
Not even a bath with the heat of mustard plaster abates the dull hate and thinness of being. With my hair slicked straight back and wet, I paddle wet footed to the phone in the ever dim hallway. I dial Lisa's number and I am met with the baritone voice of Bud which causes me to clank the receiver squarely to place. Damn, I meander back into my room and commence
the arduous search for my shoes. 
It is bad enough that the rapid moving outer gears of the church are beginning to fly, they are going to crank the chains that bind ·me to the slow moving inner gears of holy retribute. Why is that people pay more attention to me drunk than they do sober? It's the rhyming. I can tell people enjoy it as much as I do, the fruitlessness of verbosity, that some small intent can destroy reality. I crave a drink but I cannot drink. I search my cabinets for the demijohn filled with blue tablets ·but I cannot find it. I tip the pepper shaker over and it rolls then falls to the floor bursting against the aged, speckled tile.
I walk towards the church, past the auto paint store, the tee shirt shop, the florist, the bakery and dinette.

*
“Punch, huh?” Father Michaelson says when he sees me in the bright light in front of the rectory door. “Come in.”
	“Yeah, well, I was hit twice this week,” I say, stepping into the preternatural cool of the rectory.
“The car wreck?” he inquires, “but that's not what I mean.”
He motions for me towards the couch with his hand. “Punch,” he says.
He disappears and returns placing a cup of coffee in front of me.
“We have a saying among priests,” he says, “troubles are either punch or Judy, alcohol or women.”
“Both,” I say.
“Well, Judy at your stage isn't a problem. What is a problem being alcohol. By the way, what is Judy's name?”
“Lisa.”
“Not a Catholic name.”
“She's only nineteen,” I say, and I feel a slight crack in my guilt.
“Mary was probably fourteen when she gave birth to Jesus.”
I burn my tongue on the piping hot coffee. My arm moves within my arm.
Father Michaelson nods, examines a half moon of dirt under a fingernail which reminds me of the half-moons of burgundy below both of my eyes. He carefully places his cup into his saucer with an audible clink. 
“What would Lisa's last name be?” he asks.
“I'm not telling you. You'd go an' call.”
“Calm down. Calm down. Well, Gilmore, you got liquored up and missed class. And from what I understand, liquor is like kryptonite to you.”
“Yeah,” I say, clenching the coffee cup, which seems to be the only source of warmth in the universe.
“Why?”
He wants to know why. Why? Should I tell him I saw the sign which points one way?
“I always know there's a God. I might hate him sometimes, but I always know. I guess I'm a little sick of it.”
“And what does this have to do with Judy?”
“I love her and I'll never have her.”
“Did you realize that atheism is peculiar to Christianity. It arises from the idea that we are free to choose God so there must be an alternate, and hence, atheism. But I know you have never doubted. I never knew anyone for whom God was so real. For you, he is more real than this coffee table.”
I wonder if he bought it at Big Al's. I feel my head throb.
Father Michaelson thumps the coffee table and it echoes and wobbles. Could be from Big Al's, flimsy enough. I nod furiously. I figure if I agree perhaps
I will be spared the flowing sermon on will and freedom which will include several references to Aristotle, two alluding to Kant which will be followed by a lecture on existentialism at which time there will be a deafening silence until I offer my theory that existentialism is a psychological state and not philosophy.
My head is hurting. I beg for an Alka Seltzer which I hope will drive Father to some cabinet so that I can have a brief minute away from my narrated fate but he does not go. He yells for Sister to bring it for me. I end up crying when we reach the sin of my drunkenness. I nod, beg for forgiveness.
God, there is no escape. In my hangover, a panic begins to peep through my linear thought like a dog lifting one eye. My numb tissue is now filled with adrenaline. My shoulder blades quiver and a leader contracts some unusually moved blob of protein which causes a spasm in my leg. My foot is going up and down as if I was keeping time to Turkey in the Straw.
“Why don't you just ask this girl to marry you?” Father Michaelson asks.
Through my fear, my creaking vessel, he looks like an engraving of Anatole France I once saw, his eyes squelched and his teeth brushing and his head is the size of a softball. I close my eyes. I see the three Archangels. Michael is not laughing.
“I've got to go. Yes, yes, marry her,” I say, rubbing at a slick of sweat and oil on my forehead and feeling pain arcing into the burgundy half-moons beneath my eyes.
“I'll see you tomorrow,” he says, “for eleven thirty masses.”
Before I know where I am going, I am beside an automotive paint store, my eyes affixed to peg board which bears compressed air connections with rust colored hoses and brass fixtures.
I know I am dying. Where should I go?
I am breathing hard, my guilt is now converted to perfect anxiety. Yes, now I punish myself as I once used to punish myself by making my ex-wife delineate her non-love for me.
“Yes, yes, you do not love me, you have made this clear like consume'. See how civilized we all are and now we will have a civilized separation and a civilized divorce and I will go quietly insane. But I shall get some civilized help for myself and they shall give me civilized help and I shall be eternally civil.”
Civilized, shit! Torture, all is torture in psychology latched as it is somewhere between astrology and phrenology.
I lie on my couch and cry. I gather sobs as I would pick up spilled needles and promise myself that there is redemption if only temporary. Paradise cannot be lost.
The twelve-footed sun has climbed to its zenith. Short, comical shadows perch at the base of all things. The tile of tract housing across the valley glimmers in heat. I stand in front of a liquor store window which seems as vacant as a shut off television.
I purchase a bottle of wine and a case of beer. The first sip of winnowed ambrosia hits my lips and I place my feet upon the ottoman. I can breathe now. Small, achromatic men run about bases on a dirt
diamond. The throbbing in my head ceases to concern me then ceases altogether. I watch the baseball game unconcerned, unaware of the score and dream the dreams I had dreamt since my youth. I vacuum between my third and fourth beer and do the dishes between my fourth and fifth. I make a trip to the store and buy two gourmet frozen dinners for this evening's meal with Lisa. I sigh, thinking she might not come, that instead a host of fist shall encompass then draw tight upon me. While I place the dinners into the coffin curved refrigerator, the phone rings. Is. is Lisa breaking our date? Has Kevin acquired the other half of his wit? I am relieved to hear Father Michaelson's voice.
“Yes, eleven thirty mass,” I say.
The caustic sun moves into late afternoon. I have come to the park again, wined and waltzing. I see high school girls combing Realemon through their hair. Two of them stare at me in my faded jeans and straw hat which has "Gooches" painted in lazy cursive across the front, my gift from the feed store owner before he discovered my intent.
I sit by the dirty creek, the color of whiskey, and light a cigarette. A breeze lifts the dampness from my scalp and I feel myself beginning to cry. It does not feel as if I am crying. Part of me seems to be outside of myself and stares in befuddlement at a man, his half course run, dressed in jeans and faded jean jacket, sob.
*
I reach my apartment as the sky turns adobe pink and cool shadows lengthen into simulacrums of humans and their objects. I turn the oven on then retreat to the window in the stairwell. I see Lisa's wagon pulling into a parking space which is outline in blazing orange lines. I see the top of her head as she emerges from the driver's seat. She walks between the few remaining cars, probably the salesmen’s', left in Big Al's lot.
As I hear the door downstairs open, instead of becoming excited, a calm fills me. I hear her footfalls on the steps. I smile my boozy smile which makes a tear run down my cheek then the zircon colored drop plummets through an empty and still air to a dirty floor.
“I love you,” I say, seeing her.
“C'mon, Gilmore. What's love? I love Kevin. Kevin loved me.”
I fall in a line next to her and stay close like a puppy. As we come to my door, I open it an ask:
“Will you marry me?”
“What can I say?”
She throws my love away with a cliché.
I squire her into my apartment and pour myself a glass of wine. I offer her one.
“It says right here, if I can find the page ...” (she leafs through the book, her curious head moving wildly as if there were a tiny tennis match taking place in YOU AND YOUR ORGASM). “See, here!” she says, pointing to words as she reads them, "Alcohol, while it lowers our inhibitions, is in reality, a powerful depressant capable of ruining not only your evening but your partner's as well." See?
She points in the vicinity of the tiny tennis match. In tennis, love means nothing.
“Yes,” I say taking another sip of wine the color of the bruises beneath my eyes.
“Damn, damn, damn,” I mutter.
“Damn what?” Lisa asks.
“Everything.”
I lean back rubbing my hand through my hair. I cock my eyes towards the ceiling and see triangles of filaments in the corner. I wonder if there are cobwebs in my soul?
“Everything was okay,” I say, returning my gaze towards her, “I had a nice, little, orderly world. I mean little then kaboom! It explodes on me.”
“Nothing is ever enough, is it?” she says. “And besides, I told you not to fall in love with me.”
I slip my shoes from my feet and listen to them plop to the floor as I await an aroma but it does not come. I blink my eyes and a twinge of pain arcs about my head. I stand to go to the bathroom and I recognize the sudden rhythm of drunkenness. The world starts to spin and abruptly stops. Lisa looks as if she is lighted from the inside with a neon lamp. Her elegant nose seems like a ski jump to eternity. Her head moves about over her book like a chipmunk's head above a nut rotating in his palm. God, I think, my life is nothing, a profound estrangement from this dumb world. I take nothing for granted. Nothing has to be therefore, nothing is real. Everything is a movie of itself, the past, a scratchy black and white film. We are bad actors in doggerel written by Arthur Doyle in which Sherlock Holmes is murdered and all beings are held in attendance· waiting for the detective to solve his own murder.
The Sherwin Williams Cover the World sign flickers through the night into my living room. When I go to the bathroom, the fixtures and walls strobe. An arc of yellow moves from me to the pond in the toilet. I do not have the lungs to be an alcoholic any longer. It is the hollowness of the thing. My head arcs with pain and I look to the toilet.
And what of Lisa? She comes from an embittered family and she believes in circumstance. If only children were raised correctly, then the world would be perfect. Some believe that if capital were in the hands of labor then there would be justice and ultimately, the absolute idea. Some believe that if we all did not smoke or drink, ran regularly, ate the right foods and were attentive to each other’s feelings and hormonal responses, then we would be happy. Commit yourself. Take your choice, environmentalism, liberalism, conservatism or worship science. I do not believe man can be perfected and he is not a better creature now than he was two thousand years ago. 
I realize that I am holding my dormant penis which has stopped functioning and now is a plumb bob or some archaic remnant of anomalism. Why, God? Why?
I return to the living room and Lisa is sipping from a bottle of wine.
“You're right. It is the first of many disappointments.”
“What is?”
“Sex.”
“You mean love.”
“I was doing it for him,” she says.
She offers the bottle to me but I shake my head sideways. I look to the window and I am met with my dopey countenance.
“You love Kevin?” I ask.
She nods.
“How do you know?”
“I don't know, I just know. God, Gilmore. How are you supposed to know what love is? You just know.”
“How do you know this feeling is love? How do you know it isn't something else?” I sit on the ottoman.
“Well,” she says with her tongue coming forward, flashing like a bayonet, “do you love me?”
I feel my heart fall to my testicles and there is a void the size of a basketball.
“Don't make me say it,” I say, “it hurts.”
And who knows, maybe I don't love her. I can't tell but there is my feelings for her, all framed out like a door out of the elevator of my life.
“I love you,” I say, and then I wait. And I wait some more. I expect my heart to quit beating.
“And I have strong feelings for you,” she says.
“Why don't you just say, ‘I hate your guts, mutter. Here, hand me the wine.”
I swallow a glob of it. I think of the sacrament of wine and Christ bread which tastes like an under-sugared ice cream cone and the not so tart wine, watered down. I imagine the line awaiting communion.
I see them shuffle forwards towards the altar.
My favorite time at mass has always been the ending. Father Michaelson used to make me count the collection.
“I hate it too,” he said, “any moral man would.”
I would count the bills, lay them in piles of ones, fives, tens, twenties and bigger if we received one and I would look at the etched portraits of our Presidents on this green, their little black backdrops surrounding drawings of imagined statuary. Money has a smell to it. It is damp and musty. The bills are usually crinkled and in need of flattening. I would press them flat.
“You wanted me to say, ‘I love you’ back, didn't you?” Lisa asks.
“What?” I say dismissing communion and collections. The room refocuses and I look at her face with its flawless complexion. Not one pimple flares upon her tissue nor one mole, just an unbroken, tightly paved layer of toast colored skin.
“You wanted me to say ‘I love you’ back?”
“Yeah,” I say, “it's nice to be loved.”
“I told you not to fall in love with me.”
“If you never spoke with me, I'd probably have fallen deeper in love.”
“You mean you don't love me a lot.”
“I mean I love you. You want me to hire a sky writer?”
“Don't be silly.”
“It's true. Every woman wants some jackass like me telling them how much he loves her. All women hunger for such moments. Not the moment when I say it but when someone they love says it. And when that doesn't happen, they like jackasses like me to say, ‘I love you.’”
I start kissing some unseen fanny and when I am through, I return my gaze to Lisa, who is staring dead level at me.
“Where did you learn that?”
“That's what your father did right before he punched me.”
“He and Mom are out of town. Don't worry.”
“Well, maybe Kevin can come over or one of your relatives and punch me.”
“What's the matter, Gilmore?”
“I don't know. I really don't. I just don't think life is worth living. I don't know that I ever have.”
“Is it because nobody loves you?”
“God, where did you go to school, the Academy of Pain Infliction?”
“Who loves you?”
“Nobody, I guess.”
“Then I'm the closest thing you have to love. I'd be a little nicer to me if I was you.”
If I had a year, maybe she would fall in love with me. Perhaps if someone knew me long enough, they would fall like a meteorite into the Arizona desert of my love. Or maybe I am just star-crossed, obviated from my little niche of warmth. And there is, after all, God who does love me. I set my wine glass to the carpet which I purchased from the now defunct porno movie house.
“Fitting,” I mumble.
“What fits?” Lisa asks. She is staring at her glass of wine then sips some more from it. She now as a purple mustache which looks cavalier and stupid at once.
I smile.
She smiles at me.
“Should we get down to business?” she asks.
“Sure.”
She lies upon my purpled, pornohistoried carpet and unfolds her book before her. A fine parabola, perhaps the one Apollo Eleven used to re-enter earth, is formed from her shoulders to her buns. To be so beautiful, I think, to be so blessed.
I lie opposite her so that there are two supine bookends to YOU AND YOUR ORGASM. Naturally, my view of the books is upside down. She flips pages casually. The pictures are inverted and I have a strange sexual sense of perversion. I feel my face go red and my member harden against Big Al's floor beneath my purple colored and purple narrated carpet.
“It's pretty much the same thing as last time only you're supposed to rub me with your, well, you know.”
I am snapped back to attention.
“Next week, we do it, only we're supposed to do it on the side from the back while I, you know.”
I nod furiously. I try to consider her eyes, but I am met with her forehead peeking behind slender and bent pickets of hair from her bangs. I reach for my glass of wine and drink more in one second than I did the previous hour.
“Just a sec,” I say and go to the kitchen. I peek around the corner to make sure that Lisa is still immersed in her book, not removing one splendidly chromatic eye from the page. I pour a full glass of wine and drink it quickly. I view my ceiling from either side of my glass then I place the glass back to the linoleum countertop and pour another to take with me back to my living room. 
Only Lisa is not here, only the ugly quarter in which I spend the evenings. I look out the door into the hallway and call.
“I'm in the bedroom,” she yodels to me.
I close my eyes and swagger towards the bedroom. Funny, I feel hot and the world is about to spin.
She is lying beneath the sheet. Next to her is one of my tube socks.
“Okay, you do what you did last week, only when I tell you to, you roll over on me and make the last motions with you. . .”
“I know.”
She instructs me to sit on the edge of the bed. The last thing I see before I enter the blackness of the sock world, is my rotating lamp imitating a cascade. The bed lightens in my blackness and I hear a click from the direction of the lamp then the bed assumes its unaccustomed weight of two.
“Okay,” she says.
“Can't I just kiss you once?” There is a moment of silence.
“Okay, you can kiss me just once.”
And I do. As I kiss her, I feel the sock full of the memory of my feet, touch her forehead. I remember our kiss in the rain.
“Okay, that's enough.”
I roll to my side.
“Okay, just like last week. I mean last before last week.”
Her sentences remind me of the negligee she was wearing. Why was she wearing it?
I begin my numbing counting and digital play. One thousand one, one thousand two, one thousand three. I am thinking of nothing but the end of my finger gliding in her thinly filmed gutter.
“Okay, now.”
“Now, what?”
“Now, on me!” I jump onto her and feel her grab my penis and start to rub it onto her clitoris, her strange little daisy eye. I am totally drunk, which comes as a surprise. I shove downwards.
“Don't, Gilmore,” she says.
Her fingers fall from my member and I plunge into her.
“Don't, Gilmore.”
C'mon. I'll show you the rod of existence, the cane of being, the butt of the joke.
“No, Goddammit.”
“You're raping me.”
“Ah, shit,” I interpose.
“Be a little. . .”
“I might get pregnant.”
Good, I think, we'll name it Biff if it's a boy. I can see the little tyke now, Biff Funnel. He'll wear mismatched shoes and his presence will make people twitch.
“Ah, fuck, Gilmore.”
In a splendid moment of sexual glissando, I orgasm. I am so drunk, I am watching the two of us from beside the bed.
I watch Lisa sobbing, catching her breath then pulling the sweat laden sheet above her head. I see me pulling my jeans to my thighs then struggling with them at the lump of flesh and damp skin. I fall over in a ball on the floor. Get up, I think. I tug until my pants slip over my hip bone. I merge to one being and bump into my extinguished rotating lamp which falls and makes the noise of tissue thin glass breaking.
“Oh, yeah, the sock.” I pull it from my head. Lisa is sobbing beneath the sheets. Did I see through it? What did I see? Who cooked up the image?
I tumble through the door with my shoes untied and my shirt untucked. I feel the slope of Al's Emporium's ceiling under me. I crawl to the stairs in the yellow light of the hall.
The air outside is cool and clammy, late summer. Traffic sings around me. The guitars of bending time echo and play a chord-to my sin. I count cracks in the pavement as I stumble forward. I feel numbness and tingling from alcohol. My eyes widen as guilt sinks into me. My heart pounds a rock and roll melody, a hard four-four beat, I feel sweat on my brow and about my collar. I raped her. Yes, but no jury would find me guilty. Who needs a jury to be guilty?
Oh, God. My sweat blurs my eyes and my attempt to drive the water from them only rubs saline into the clear tissue. I sit on a bus bench with my back against a painted ad for a mortuary. Dearest God, I think with my eyes closed so tight, lightening appears and disappears. My heart is in my ears.
Think, think, I say. Yes, I can trick myself by thinking. 100, 93, 86, 79, 72. . .
Fichte saw Kant's greatness not in his categories but in his moral immediacy. Yes, think, think or have a drink. The thought of drink, more accurately, the smell of drink makes a memory composed of vomits, urinals filled with cigarette butts, the vinegary sweet smell of strange women. Think, don't smell! 
Ethos in poetics is emotional tone. Yes, think, the proper emotional tone, think. Light shot through a single slat then a double slat will produce four rectangles on a screen. Right angles exist only in math. O, God, what's the use? In either direction, minute and universal, thought cannot grasp.
God, am I sorry. I know that our greatest desires are often our writs of executions. Count dumb time, silence action. I throw up, wrenching my head until I have assumed the fetal position on the bench. Stomach fluid passes from my mouth and pours between my knees to the night dark sidewalk beneath.
“Look at the dufus!” A voice in a passing tone with a doppler crescendo resonates.
“You fuckers,” I mumble, tasting chunks of this evening's meal and wine in which the food has been marinating.
They are gone. Oh, God, repristinate me. April has come and gone as it has thirty-four times and left me. The night is a tent of grey strung from lamp posts and buildings. It is unbroken and hangs like a circus tent in myriad triangles, gravity's shape. O, father, father, Father.
I return to my block. Lisa's car is still in Big Al's parking lot, looking dead in the way Tom looked dead in his coffin, gutted and painted like a Chinese fish. I start my car and drive. I place my left hand over my left eye so that I will see but one orange stripe instead of two. I drive to the outskirts of town, to a flood plain with tar paper houses and empty refrigerators in the cooling, humid night. I fall asleep on the tight quilt of my front seat which smells of unknown asses, cigarettes, spilled beer and coke and the popcornalia of my life.
*
A crow's cawing wakes me. The car is hot and steamy and stinks with its ten-year history. I stink with mine. My car is parked at an angle like a dropped stick in a weedy field. I smell my body odor which has the aroma of cooking minestrone soup. I push my hand through my hair and my fingers break several clotted rivulets. My fingers smell of Lisa. My head starts to spin and it is blindingly bright. I am struck with an urgent need to void my colon.
I find a lavatory at a gas station and smell an odd lot of chemicals, no doubt from the prodigious quantities alcohol, .as I form statue of my innards and drop them into blue water.
My car pulls into Al's lot. Lisa's car is gone but the lot is shot full of the cars of Sunday shoppers and I park in front of a fire hydrant.
*
“No, you didn't rape anyone, at least I don't think you did,” Father Michaelson says, dipping a spoon into a jar of honey whereupon the silverware grants a bluish tint to the folds of honey as it is transported to his coffee.
“Christ, Gilmore, it's Tuesday, why didn't you come and talk to me sooner?”
Should I say that I know what he would have said. Or should I have told him the truth, that I started drinking again Sunday morning and everything between then and this morning is voided? Besides, I am always listening to people trot out words I have already run through my chewing gum colored brain.
“Let's not speak of what might have been. Let's speak of what is,” I say with each phrase taking a full gulp of air.
“Christ, Gilmore, I'm taking you to a doctor.”
“It's just asthma.”
“Just asthma, just sex, just God, huh?”
“Go fuck yourself.”
“Gilmore, I'm not going to forget my office and neither will you. In less than two weeks, you'll start in your office. Have you phoned the girl?”
I motion with my head sideways so rapidly that I can hear air in my ears.
“The phone is there,” he says, pointing towards a corner. The black rotary phone sets in a small niche like everything else the church puts anywhere. I dial Lisa's number and I meet the voice of Bud which causes me to hang up as he repeats hello the third time, each time his voice was in a higher tone until my finger severed his words from my ear with the same clarity and Quickness that Monday disappeared. I wheel back to the living room and assume my slouched position of defeat on the couch.
“She's shopping,” I lie.
“See, now it's not as bad as you thought,” he says sipping at his coffee.
I nod and light a cigarette. I feel a tic in my right hand as I raise my coffee towards my lips. I first acquired the tic when I started graduate school. I was doodling on my legal pad when my hand began to move without me. My thumb moved like a child's toy above my forefinger.
	Volvo Masters, Ph.D. I gazed towards my professor,
	I noticed that his left eye was flickering like a rag in a wind. Looking about, I noticed that the other nine students in the seminar all had nervous ailments, bulging eyes, metronomic feet, fidgeting fannies, drumming digits and other sundries which formed a cadre of unwilled action.
Father Michaelson's right eyelid flutters.
“Did you read/in this morning's paper about the man who tried to sell his six-month-old son for three hundred dollars and a personal computer?”
His eyelid flutters and he shakes the paper and continues reading.
The monastery where I have been sent by the archdiocese sets at the base of a fourteen-thousand-foot peak which in the morning is blue and in the evening, a metallic red which borders on magenta.
During the rest of the day, it is slate grey. It might look different from another viewing point but I have only been here at its base which is a mountain dell at near ten thousand feet. Clouds gather round the peak and roll through the tenuous air about us and echo with the thousands of pig noises which reverberate from the monastery's pork farm.
The air is brittle. It holds nothing, not heat or moisture which falls each afternoon as icy rain and at the higher altitudes, the mountains are dusted with snow. The snow whipped with wind make violent looking tails come from the mountain. It is not even the end of  August.
I do not remember in days exactly how long I have been here, I was ordained two days after "sexual misconduct" with Lisa and near two weeks ahead of the ancient theological mariners with whom I studied for three years. The ordination took place in the evening with the bishop, his assistant, Father Michaelson and myself in attendance. Only the lights above the altar were lighted.
“I sold our stock in Public Service,” the bishop said then laughed. Then Father Michaelson and the assistant laughed and their laughter was generated through the vaults of the basilica and off the night blackened stained glass.
Here, where I am not allowed to speak, I rethink sentences. I am sure I am getting the lacquered eyes of a monk. Before coming here, I thought piety the cause but now I am convinced it is lack of sleep. We arise at two thirty in the morning, pray until four thirty, eat and then slop the hogs which were imported from Red China. Slopping the hogs occurs under strings of fifteen-watt bulbs which run in squares about the sties which fill an acre. By the time we are done, the sky is grey with sun but the sky will not light until the sun clears another, smaller mountain to the east which is gently sloped and has the contour of Red Chinese Pig. It is odd to see such a huge array of lights illuminating nothing. The pens stretch down the narrow valley and when the wind switches direction later in the day, the odor is overwhelming. The late morning brings more prayer and tourists from a nearby national park take pictures of us in our rayon cowls.
The abbot is a thin man with fringes of long hair about his bald pate and short, wiry fingers which are constantly searching yet not finding his mouth. The closest town is Rahway which is a cluster of cabins, a convenience store and a gas station.
“Sounds like a race track for robots,” I said and continue to say as I believe that was the last sentence I spoke. I mentioned that to one of my fellow retreaters, an assistant pastor from one of the Southern suburbs who had seen three assignments in five months and was sent here to "contemplate his scheme.” I am here for the same reason. I made my statement about the town as we rounded a bend out Ruhr way and headed towards the monastery which looks as if it were built by the W.P.A., all roughhewn with concrete chinking and rocks instead of bricks.
The abbot speaks to us on the sow belly markets in Chicago and the prospects of our new venture into "backs". In the afternoon, after being harangued all through a late breakfast about pig parts and the history of the civil war by Brother Bill, we work in the garden. It is possible at some point to almost sleep while working at a furrow with a hoe. This is when the tourists arrive in badly chosen clothing and take snapshots of us. I gaze from the hem of my hood and look at these people but the fatigue is so intense that the little and squat people in shorts with noisy children seem to be a movie playing only in the periphery of my vision. When I start to tire badly, some sort of false euphoria occurs and this carries me through to vespers. The sun sets eventually and the moon and Venus rise in the blue sky and look like a Muslim flag. I room with the aforementioned assistant
pastor who habitually falls asleep while praying in his jockey shorts. I will be looking from the window to the stars and hear snoring, turn and see him collapsed on the cement floor.
When it is completely dark, the sky fills with stars and through the fragile air, they look like needle ends. I usually cough to make certain that I am capable of sound. I try not to think. I look to the night and try not to because when I do, it seems as if someone else had the thought and it was transplanted into my skull. At first, I thought the hollowness in my head and the transplanted thoughts were a result of drying out but not so. Everything seems to have given way to the hollowness including the overpowering withdrawal symptoms I was having from cigarettes. As tired as I am, I do not look forward to sleep. First, I must help my cell mate into bed. This means pulling him from the ·cold floor while he invariably mumbles.
The first few days, he did not pray in his jockey shorts but in his habit and I had to pull the habit from him as well. By the third night (or was it the fourth), I found him asleep and snoring in his underwear and I pulled him to his cot and helped him with his blankets.
“Jesus, I'm an idiot,” he mumbled. On the fifth or sixth (maybe the seventh) night, he said:
“I have succeeded. I am nothing.”
So far that has been his only coherent statement though I have heard many words but none make a complete thought.
I sleep fitfully, dreaming of death.
Christ, I think, lying in the dark on my mattress which sags and through which I can feel each mattress button, contemplation or psychosis. I wonder if there is a difference. Perhaps this is the reason for the vow of silence so that some monk will not open his mouth and fill the air with the argot of the psychically dismembered.
I am not a permanent resident in this stony and cold place. But, as I have said, I do not recall how long I have been here, maybe eight days, certainly not more than ten and no fewer than six. I thought it was Saturday when I confessed the first time and so I assumed I was on my fourth day but two days later, I was asked if I would like to confess again. Sunday mass is no different from the daily ones except we do not work in the fields but read from scripture or the secular works. The secular works are theological books and they are written in plain English. I do not think intellect is necessarily the foundation of contemplation.
There is an inevitable feel that we are waiting for something and yet, each morning the sun rises and at night it goes down and the routine is unbroken.

*
It is funny how green the firs have become. They are more blue than green. I suppose that isn't becoming green, that is becoming blue. In fact, the last line of firs before timberline on the mountain to the west, where the tundra begins, is the color of burning gas.
Fatigue permeates my entire being. I feel my hands lifting and falling, carrying the hoe with them. This whole place smells like shit. The garden is not big enough nor is it important. The growing season must not be fifty-five days and the only thing the garden produces are tubers, onions, potatoes and carrots, and these are tiny and have slivers of dirt embedded increases. We find them in our stews at lunch.
Often, as I am hoeing with the square belfry casting its shadow over the garden, the tourists at the fence taking pictures and giggling and the mountain darkening the sky, I think of Lisa. I hold her in my metaphysic like a locket encompasses a photograph. Sometimes, I think I am with her, eating supper then watching television. I think I am hallucinating. It is as if somehow my day dreams were made real. It is like the arrival of Dorothy in Oz when everything goes from black and white to color. The bricks are gold. All my thoughts are decorated and parade across my eyes illuminated by the limelight of my hallucinations.
“All my days,” I mumble.
Ovals of shadow which cover faces turn from hoes to me. The voice, my voice, sounded alien, the way it sounds when I hear it on a tape recorder. I return to my hoe. Another fucking rosary, I think. To boot, a squirrel or whatever rodent could live at this altitude, has been in my zucchini. The leaf before me is torn and twisted.
The sky is a huge fabric and I can hardly bear to gaze upon it in the day for it so thin and brilliant, sometimes I think that if I stare, I will fall upward, through the parachute thin fabric of air and plummet into outer space.
*
Lunch brings the hog quotations as we sit on our one by twelve benches, looking at our stew and feeling pleased about the inflation of hog futures. A book on the Civil War is being read to us. It has been read to us each lunch hour since I have arrived. I see Stonewall Jackson on a grey mare who fidgets beneath the General while Jackson moves his head in an arc about the terrain. Beneath his eyes is bloody slaughter but his head continues unabated. His coat is bluish grey, the color of the sky outside and his horse's breath shows in an evening cool. The General's eyes come to rest on me.
Lunch continues, the Confederacy moves towards its doom, the way it has since I first learned of it. History, which always seemed like some copper and brass clockwork, now seems, well, dumb. History and memory are not different any longer. For all I know, the South could have seceded again. Only memory is history, not pages, not books, only memory. I think of Lisa and I swallow a spoon of stew to keep from crying.
My chest hurts.
The windows on the far wall of the common room face the mountain and each of the six windows is filled with its rectangular quotient of alp.
I wonder how many of these men have spent their adult life here and have never known the name of the mountain which shadows their entire being. I do not know the name. I make a mental note to discover the name before I leave. Maybe it is Mount Ruhr way?
Which is a problem? I cannot remember how long I am supposed to stay here and now is not the first time I have thought nobody will remember and I will be left up here until I too am buried in the rocks.
As I walk back to the garden, I pass the cemetery as I have each day except Sunday (which could have been six days ago, maybe eight, certainly no fewer than four). There are crosses crudely etched into average fifteen-pound rocks with the name of the brother beneath also similarly noted. Already, erosion has done away with some of the letters in the name. There is no birth date, death date and no last name, just "Brother Tim" or "Brother Paul" and so on and so on. I look at the mountain and see a triangle of white snow blown from the peak. Under our rayon garments lay ultra-modern underwear which come to our shoes and hands and if the sun comes hot and strong, I sweat into them but not today. Each morning or really night, I expect to awake to a snowfall but as of yet, none has occurred.
The sun is yellow and rarely hot and the .entire world feels like an air-conditioned super market. If I am careful, I can see the hands of the shrouded men as we hoe. I think the oldest hands must belong to the brothers and the least withered to those of us on retreat. I wish I would have counted heads in the school bus as it wound in second gear about esses and
I omegas through the haphazard mountains.
I hoe onward, taking a step forward and scratching at the glen. Funny, how calm I feel.in doing this as if I had always· done this. The silence is a blank tablet, an uninscribed tombstone. How Goddamned still the stony walls of the building are. The gravel to the· road is dead and the ditch sprouts weeds which are greener than equatorial sea. Each thing stands from its background as if the thing were reflected in a mirror.
Last night, after I viewed God's seamery in the sky, I hanged my sash from my forefingers towards the floor to see if the walls of my cell were level. You see, I have no horizon, no street or floor to decide what is flat. My faith seems the same. I think of Peter sinking like a fish but only after he walked for a moment, but a second, on water.
The abbot brings a bucket of water towards me. He does this every day. The galvanized dipper is speckled and brown stains dance beneath the clear, chilly water. Often, there is a star amid the dust on top of the water. I feel my lips touch the chilly water and gulp.
“Easy, Brother Gilmore,” the abbot says, “such nonsense, thirst, hunger, want.”
I nod and feel my none too well-fitting cowl slip farther over my forehead. The ladle is offered again and again I sip which makes what seems to me to be a terrible and loud noise. In the abbot's hand of sinew and brown, flesh triangle abounds.
“Follow me, Brother Gilmore,” he says.
I follow down a narrow trail which is brown, damp and compacted earth in a field of yellowing weeds. We stop inside a small stand of aspen. Inside, there is filtered light which as the same texture as light in an aquarium.
“You may speak,” he says and pulls his cowl from his head, which reveals his round head.
“Okay,” I say, hearing my voice echo like images in a tailor's set of mirrors. I push my finger into my ear and bring forth a small slick of wax.
“There is a young lady in my office. She has a letter from the bishop to see you. Your clothes are in the kitchen. Change into them before you see her. I've arranged for you to go to Ruhr way with her.”
My heart is thumping. I feel my throat tighten and I hear my breathing aspired with stops.
“Yes,” I say.
“I never would have rushed you into this ordination,” the abbot says, “but I'm not the bishop.”
*
In the large, stone kitchen with its cream atrium type ovens, I find my clothes laundered and neatly folded. I dress then breathe deeply the smell of rising bread. I cross the common room and push open the heavy door to the abbot's office. A hinge squeaks like a bird's call. In the trapezoidal light is an eclipse of light, Lisa.
“God, I'm sorry,” I say.
She turns and looks at me her. Her eyebrows form arches and she looks puzzled.
“For what?”
“For raping you.”
“You didn't rape me,” she says and laughs, her body dissolving into ovals and 'o's.
“Yes, I did.”
Her hands slap each other and she forces them between her thighs.
“It worked.”
“Worked?”
“I had an orgasm.”
I feel horsemen and horses in my chest.
*
In the passenger’s seat of Lisa's car, I watch in the rearview mirror as frame by frame, the monastery grows smaller. I ride silently as we pull to a stop in front of Ruhr way’s store. It is slab sided building and inside, the floor is planking which gives as we walk on it. There is a small pot belly stove with two Formica topped red tables. About us is magazine section but I rush towards the shopkeeper who is a woman in her sixties with unkept white hair and a grey cardigan sweater.
“I'd like a pack of Camels,” I say, digging into my pockets. I feel only one bill in the sock which reaches into the Nederland’s of my groin. I pull it from me and find it is a five.
“Thank you, Jesus,” I say and lady stares at me then at Lisa's face.
“Give me as many as you can for five,” I mutter.
She pushes two packs towards me.
“There a dollar ninety each.”
“What the hell?”
“C'mon, Gilmore,” Lisa says and pulls me towards the slanted, Formica topped table.
I sit down and Lisa in her peculiar splendor walks to the lady and I hear her mumble:
“Two coffees.”
Lisa splits her purse and I remember the aroma my first wife's purse held of spearmint gum. I look to the table top and mumble:
“Isn't anything within a hundred miles of this place level?”
“Gilmore, sass,” Lisa says turning.
I thought that I would be more excited than I am but I am excited enough. I light.my Camel cigarette and almost faint. This is the most deeply religious experience I have had since I got here.
Lisa returns with coffee in both hands and sets the two Styrofoam cups on the table. She returns to the counter for her purse as I stare into the coffee cups. The liquid has climbed evenly to the radio of the Styrofoam. The world is not cockeyed. It is I.
“I love you,” I say.
“I care for you. That's why I'm here.”
I feel my heart go back to the monastery. I look from the store's front window but I cannot see the building. I see cars passing on the highway and stands of fir and aspen.
“Father Mike came to see me at the preschool. He told me I should come and visit you.”
“Father Mike?” I ask. “You mean Father Michaelson?”
“Yeah,” she slurps coffee.
Whatever the invisible wires which once connected the Lisa and I have been severed and not by me.
“He said I needed to tell you what was going on.”
“How are things going?” I ask, placing my hands upon the table hoping to get them closer to Lisa.
“I moved in with Kevin. God, are my parents steamed.”
“Oh,” I mumble. The thought of her father makes me reach for my face.
“Father Mike said I could bring you home today.”
“I don't know, maybe I should just stay.”
“C'mon, Gilmore.” I close my eyes.
“What the hell went on?” I ask. My words still echo about in my head.
“I don't know if I could have had a vaginal orgasm or not. I got to tell you the truth. The truth is, I never slept with a guy.”
“Not Tony.”
“No, see, I met Kevin and he's been around. I didn't want him to think I was some dopey nineteen-year-old so I told him that I slept with Tony. I figured he'd understand that.”
“Oh, so that's where I came in. Or should I say, 'come in.'”
“You were sweet and gentle and I figured I'd be doing both of us a favor.”
“Yeah, I guess you were.”
“I told you not to fall in love with me.”
“I know.”
There is nothing I need to collect at the monastery and Lisa and I drive back towards the city. The road gradually lowers and I feel the air warming and thickening and with each foot between the monastery and the spinning wheels of Lisa's car, the monastery becomes more unreal. We pull off the interstate and into our suburb. We travel down the four-lane boulevard, past the preschool, the nursery and library and we are nearing Big Al's Furniture Emporium. I see my large, boat like car parked in the lot. I feel tears in my eyes. I lean against the station wagon door expecting the turn into the lot but we go forward.
“Where are you taking me?”
“Father Mike said to take you to the church.”
The sky is hot. I can feel the heat on the passenger’s window. The car stops next to the church. I open the door and await the opening of Lisa's but it does not open and I bend down quickly to see her.
“Aren't you coming in?” I ask.
“No, Father Mike wants to show you your new office. He's had a plaque put up with Director of Religious Education on the door and everything. It'd be better without me.”
“I love you, Lisa,” I say.
“I'm never going to see you again, Gilmore,” she says, “but I love you too.”
I stare into her face. At this moment, there has never been such a beautiful creature on this earth.  I close the door and the car speeds away. Lisa and Gods love are a lot alike. All you need is love and love is all you get.
I blink and find myself over the hoe, it is barely touching the earth. I guess I was asleep. Sometimes, it is like your fantasies climb down your spine, onto the earth and in front of you. Snow is falling about me. It melts on my shovel and on the ragged zucchini plant below me. I see the breath of the monks about me. I look to the mountain. The top of it is missing in a grey, roiled cloud. I dig at the earth and look about for tourists. They are all gone.



