Cowboy Temptation
***** FREE BONUS BOOKS *****
Click Here to Claim 3 FREE Books Now!
(http://TheWetBuzz.com)
These books are NOT available anywhere else.
***** LIMITED TIME OFFER *****


One romance series PLUS three bonus books
Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved.
by Ella Gottfried

Table of Contents
Macy’s Cowboy
Macy’s Cowboy 2
Macy’s Cowboy 3
Macy’s Cowboy 4
Macy’s Cowboy 5
Katya’s Secret Lover
Tasteful Temptation
Blurring Boundaries


Macy’s Cowboy
by Ella Gottfried

Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from the author.
This book is a work of fiction.  Similarities to real people, places, or events are entirely coincidental.
This story has erotic themes and is suitable for adults, 18+ only.

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five


Chapter One
“Oh my God, Macy, where are my allergy pills?” Ron, my husband, said as he got out of his car. He didn’t kiss me hello or hug me, he complained about being in country air.
This was not the romantic tryst I’d envisioned for weeks as I waited for my husband to roll up our driveway. I sighed and turned away, wanting to kick him in the knee as I went to grab his bags for him.
I looked into the back seat of his car, the place he usually put his bags, and saw there weren’t any.
“Um, honey? Where are your bags?” I turned to see him trying to slide into the back door of the old farmhouse I’d inherited six months ago.
Ron, a tall man, handsome, and well-groomed with blond hair trimmed into a trendy shape and blue eyes hidden behind silver aviator glasses, turned back to me with a sheepish grin. He stuck his hands into the back of his black slacks and held his hands out in a “don’t hate me fashion.”
“I have to go back tonight, baby. I have a meeting in the morning I can’t get out of.” He said as I stalked away from the car and back into the house, walking up the steps, and slamming the screen door as I went into the house.
I heard him calling out behind me but just went through to the kitchen. So this was little more than a drive-by visit. An effort to keep me off of his back. 
I’d owned the house, the farm, for six months now. I used to come out here as a little girl to visit my aunt and uncle but now they’d both passed away and left me the farm as they had no children of their own.
Ron and I lived in San Diego, about an hour away, but as soon as it sunk in that the farm was mine I’d begun the mental, then physical, process of making it mine.
The farm hadn’t been operational in over five years but I’d started planning it out, researching plans and options, and then I’d moved out to the farm.
Ron had been against the idea from the beginning, he loved city life, the noise, the smells, the buzz of a city that never sleeps, or lets you sleep either.
I hated it. I’d grown up in the city but the many summers out here in the country, the long holidays spent with my aunt and uncle, were far more appealing to me.
Ron had agreed that we’d give this a try; we’d both come out and have a try at being farmers for one year. So far Ron hadn’t even quit his job yet. 
The apartment was still full of our furniture; he hadn’t even cut off the satellite television over there. From all appearances he had no intention of joining me in our adventure.
My adventure, rather. Taking out the bowls of potato salad and other side dishes I’d prepared from the cool depths of the fridge I placed them on the table and sat down in a chair, crossing my arms over my chest.
I was dressed in a long flowing white skirt and a blue cotton top that flowed around my body with a deep cut at the top that revealed my cleavage in a tempting but elegant way.
Looking into the window over the old fashioned sink in the kitchen I saw a beautiful, if average woman. I wasn’t going to win any beauty contests but I was a worth a second glance.
That’s what Ron used to tell me. Now, he didn’t seem that interested in me though, and was more than happy to stay in the city.
I’d been begging him for two weeks to at least come down and visit me. He’d finally relented but apparently not as much as I thought. He as only staying for a few hours.
With a frustrated sound I went back to the table and put the dishes back in the fridge. He wasn’t going to eat here; he wouldn’t be here long enough.
I went up to my bedroom, decorated just the way I liked it, in soft sage greens and white, bare polished wood, and lots of cushions and pillows on the king-sized bed. 
I sat in a rocking chair, pulling a pillow to my lap as I looked out over the orchards. I knew I could make this place productive again, I knew I could make it work. I just needed that chance.
I hadn’t gone to college, I’d married Ron three years after I graduated high school, and he was just finishing his university education with a master’s degree. We were 26 and 29 now, and I felt as though I’d never done anything important in my life other than marry Ron. 
Five years of marriage with no children in sight meant I spent a lot of time alone and I’d begun to feel like a failure.
I cringed as I heard Ron’s steps coming up the stairs and felt tears prick my eyes. This isn’t how any of this was supposed to be. My marriage wasn’t supposed to be over before it had even begun!
When he stepped into the room I looked back at him and knew I just couldn’t give up yet. Those blue eyes pleaded for me to come to him and so I found myself on my feet, his arms wrapped around me as he swept me up and carried me to the bed.
I let go of the resentment, the shattered hopes, and the broken promises as my lips reached up for his, a craving beginning in my body for only him.
My breathing hitched as our lips met and Ron’s strong fingers slid the soft material of the skirt up my tanned thighs, revealing silky smooth flesh.
“I love your bare thighs.” He whispered to me. “I love how they wrap around my head while I get my tongue deep in that pussy of yours.”
He looked down into my eyes, his longing on display and in that moment we were the young lovers once more. 
My husband, the only lover I’d ever known, moved his hands beneath the simple white cotton panties covering my hot flesh, his fingers sliding slickly between my folds.
I shuddered beneath him, my worries forgotten as his tongue flicked between my lips, teasing them open for his invasion. I let my body fall open to him, every secret part of me his and his alone.

Chapter Two
“I love you.” He whispered against my rounded stomach as he stripped me bare.
My labored, panting breaths turned to moans as Ron pushed my feet up onto the bed, just below my now bare ass and held them there.
When his tongue ran up my engorged slit I gasped loudly and my hips left the bed. Ron grunted and pushed on my feet with authority.
I giggled because I knew he wanted to play with restraint with that groan.  I was game.
I pushed back, defying him, and his gentle teasing turned to a hard suck as his lips found my clit.
“Keep it up and I’ll stop licking your pussy, wife of mine.” He threatened with a deep growl.
“Oh don’t stop!” I breathed out to him, encouraging his play.
Ron gave me no respite; he sucked harder and harder, my body writhing beneath his face. He didn’t stop, even though I wiggled frantically beneath him, grinding my dripping flesh into his lapping tongue.
I looked down to see his lips covering my pussy and thought I’d come then. His face was smeared with my juices and the picture was burned into my brain.
Ron pulled away though, finally remembering the punishment for inability to stop being naughty. Orgasm denial was a wicked thing to do and Ron was the master of it.
He quickly flipped me over on the bed instead and pushed my head down to the bed. I allowed the domination for now, knowing it was only a game we played.
“You’re being very bad, Macy. I’m going to have to work that badness out of you.” 
I pushed my ass into the air eagerly, wanting to feel my husband’s cock inside of me. I moaned beneath him, pleading with him to fill me. 
“I need you.” I said in a ragged voice.
He relented and slid into me in one hard thrust, his balls slapping against my ass as I pushed back into him.
“Now who’s my girl? Who wants as much cock as she can get?” Ron asked, bending over me as he thrust into me over and over, not touching me anywhere else.
I tried to hold back but Ron knew what he was doing and just how to get me off. My body started quivering around him and the mood changed instantly from playful to serious and Ron whispered only words of love to me.
“You are my only love, Macy. God you’re so beautiful.”
He slid in and out of me, pushing me deeper into orgasm as he joined me.
I felt his cock pulsing inside of me, his words stopping suddenly as he groaned in pleasure.
I milked him from the inside, using my muscles to stroke him as he came. I loved these moments, when he was lost in his own world of pleasure and carnality.
I slid away from him as he inhaled deeply and pulled away. Pulling myself up onto the bed I expected him to join me but he kept backing away with that apologetic look on his face.
I looked up at him in disbelief, knowing what was coming.
“I’m sorry baby, I really am, but I do have to get back. We have a big case coming up on Monday and I have to prepare for it. It’s going to take me all weekend to make sure I can make this work in corporate’s favor.” 
I just looked at him, naked and rumpled, wanting nothing more than for Ron to throw away the bundles of money he made working for a major insurance company in the city and come spend his days in bed with me.
“I have to admit, you’re too tempting in that outfit you had on. I love how natural and free you are out here, but I just can’t throw in the towel right now. I swear, a couple more months then I’ll come out here.” Ron disappeared as he went off to the bathroom to shower.
I bit down on my anger and disappointment, kissing my husband goodbye as the sun started to set. He was partially right and I knew my own selfish needs had driven me out to the country but I just couldn’t cope with life out there anymore.
When I’d started to consider plastic surgery to keep up with my friends I knew it was time for a change. Then my uncle passed away a year after my aunt and I saw it as fate.
I also hoped the change of scenery would help Ron and I conceive. We’d both been through hell getting tested to find out what was wrong. The doctor broke our hearts when he told us nothing was wrong, we were in perfect working order. The doctor refused to give us any drugs to help us conceive because we didn’t need it.
I’d given up on the idea of becoming a mother and had my own plans on that front now. 
Ron spent most of his time in the city, only occasionally coming down here but I had plans for us, plans that would make us a family. 
He still couldn’t see it but his job ruled his life. Life out here would be hard work but it would bring us together. We would work together every day. What could be better?
Apparently going back to the city, that’s what. 
I sat at the kitchen table later that evening giving myself a talking to. 
It’s simple, I thought, Ron has different priorities than me. He thinks building a nest egg in the city is better for us than building a life on a farm.
I thought differently. My worry was that the difference was going to tear us apart.
I’d gone back to the city once since I’d left and I’d wanted to drive right back out of it as soon as I got there.
I felt overwhelmed, with no privacy, and the noise was incredible after the quiet of my country home.
No, the city wasn’t somewhere I wanted to go back to. As I ate cold fried chicken and potato salad I knew I couldn’t go back. It just wasn’t the life I wanted. 
Ron was a dyed-in-the-wool city boy though. He couldn’t see that behind the sophistication of city life rested a dead end road. 
We would work forever just to buy a tiny apartment and a nice car. Then we’d have to pay for somewhere to park the car as well. 
I also knew that if we’d had a child that baby would never grow up knowing what it was like to wake up to the sound of a chicken crowing, or what it was like to sit on a porch swing after playing in the cool water of a hosepipe on a hot summer’s day.
The child would probably not see a lot of its father either because Ron would always be working. 
Perhaps it was best we were childless, for now?

Chapter Three
I was out in the yard, pulling weeds out of the overgrown herb garden at the front of the house, when the noise of an engine made me look up.
Coming down the long dirt driveway was an old truck, something from the 1960s by the look of it. Rusty red and old the truck was loud and unexpected.
I stood up as the driver pulled up next to me and gave me a grin.
“Howdy, missus, old-timer in town told me to come out and see if you needed some help out here.”
I might have spent some time out here as a child but I’d never heard anyone talking like that except on television. 
“Who was that then?” I asked as I pushed my straw sun hat out of my face and stepped back. 
The man pushed open the door of the truck and about twelve feet of legs slid out from under the steering wheel. Alright, a slight exaggeration but the man was tall, much taller than my five and half feet, and he filled out his jeans wells.
A blue button up short sleeved shirt did little to hide the muscles beneath the shirt but I couldn’t tell much about his face or his hair. His eyes were covered with sunglasses and his head was covered in a cowboy hat. An honest to God cowboy hat.
I smiled as I finally looked away from the hat and listened to him.
“Nate Palmer, runs the feed store sent me out. I come out this way once or twice a year, looking for work for the planting season, and then I move on. I’m not looking to settle down, just to work the season.” 
“Bit of a drifter are you?” I asked a teasing note in my voice. He just put me at ease like that.
I liked him instantly, what can I say?
“I don’t know about that, missus, I do like to travel though and if that means I work the hot months the spend the cold months cozied up in a cabin in Alaska or on the beaches of Mexico then that’s what I’ll do.” He gave me another grin and pushed his hat back as he took his hat off.
“Well, what can you do for me then?” I asked, walking over to the porch and sitting down. He stood in front of me and looked around the farm.
“Well, I can get all of those olive trees pruned for you so they’ll actually produce this year, or we can replant something else in those empty fields. I can run your machinery, care for you crops, and get the best yield out of them that you can hope to produce this year.” 
He was honest without promising the impossible. He went up higher in my estimations.
“What do you suggest?” 
“As a crop? I’d go with almonds or soybeans. They’re good first crops and soybeans will always sell.” He took his hat and glasses off. He stole my breath away.
“And one final, really important question.” I said, mesmerized by the light hazel eyes and long dark hair that managed to go straight for his eyes. 
He was not only handsome he was downright beautiful! For a moment I forgot I’d told him I had a question.
Shaking myself as he looked at me expectantly I knew my cheeks were flaming in embarrassment. A man as beautiful as that had to be used to people staring. I mean, the way his black eyelashes rimmed his eyes had to constantly draw attention!
“Uh, yeah. What’s your name?” I said, holding my hand out. “I’m Macy. Macy Weston.”
“Ah, that’s a simple enough question. I’m Jake Larson.” He held his hand out and I felt a shiver go up my arm as I took his hand.
I looked into his eyes and wondered if I’d made a mistake but damned the consequences. I had to know this man.
He was definitely younger than me but those eyes promised he’d teach me things I had no idea about. Maybe more than I actually wanted to know but the learning would be fun.
 “How old are you?” 
“I’ll be 25 in November. Old enough to know better, young enough not to care yet.” Oh there was definitely a promise in that voice.
I watched his eyes flick down to my hand, my left one with my wedding band, and pulled the hand away.
“Well, Jake. If you work hard and want to cut down on rent you can clean out that bunk house and have it as your own. I’ll cook three meals a day and provide you with a wage. I ask that you help me get this place back up to speed and stay until the harvest is in.” I looked at him, seeing him consider the offer.
“Sounds good. Can I start cleaning that place out today?” 
“Sure, I’ll show it to you and get you some supplies.” 
I wandered out with him to the building, about 30 feet from the house, and saw that he was going to need a lot of cleaning supplies, a vacuum cleaner, and bedding. 
“I’ll unpack the truck later. I’ll get started now.” His deep rich voice made me want to squirm but I trampled it down.
I brought him the supplies he needed and watched for a moment as he started to clean the old building. 
Then I turned and left the main room, heading back to the farmhouse. I don’t know if I’ve just made the biggest mistake of my life or not but I was going to let this play out.
A split second decision might change the course of my life but it was already heading off of the rails. Jake Larson had simply given me a different direction to derail in.

Chapter Four
In my mind it was Jake’s hands between my bare thighs. It was Jakes lips brushing the lips of my aching vulva apart to find the pleasure button hidden inside.
I hadn’t seen Ron in five weeks. Work and problems with his family had kept him away. In that time Jake had cleaned out his bunkhouse and we’d started planting new crops. He’d pruned the old olive trees and the farm was now a real farm, plants busy producing crops as we cared for them.
More than that Jake had planted crops within my mind, though he probably hadn’t meant to. I couldn’t go into the barn with him at all now.  As my body shuddered in orgasm an image of afternoon sunlight slanting into a window, shining on our sweat naked bodies as we fucked in the hay set me off once more. 
My desire for Jake had only grown over the weeks of separation from Ron and I knew that if my husband didn’t come to me soon my will to resist those full lips, always so near, so available, would melt away. 
I loved my husband but he preferred his life in the city to life with me. That’s how I saw his refusal to come out here with me, a rejection. 
Jake didn’t turn me away, though he’d never made a move on me. He was there to make me laugh, to reassure me, and to give me advice when I needed it. The way he looked at me told me all I needed to know about how he felt about me. He’d take me if I offered, without a qualm.
He’d asked me about Ron, why he wasn’t here. I’d made the excuses, tried to explain it but the reasoning sounded paltry even to me.
Later, as I rode my new horse, Fancy, through the orchard, heading for a tree by a spring, I thought about Jake once more.
I couldn’t keep him off of my mind and as the weeks passed it only got worse. The sexy cowboy had shifted to a tightly rolled ball cap, tight jeans, and dark t-shirts but he was just as tempting. My fantasies usually took me to the barn but today I was daydreaming about being under that tree with him.
If I’d paid attention to Fancy instead of daydreaming things might have been different but I was lost in my fantasies when the horse bolted. 
The palomino, a placid gentle horse, was one of my proudest acquisitions. I wasn’t a great rider but I was proficient enough. But not enough to control her when a snake slithered across her path.
One minute I was riding along, Fancy’s gentle gait rocking me into a lull, the next  I was staring up at the sky, a scream cut off as the air was forced out of my lungs. 
A few minutes later Jake was there, Fancy in tow, as he jumped down to pull me up.
“Are you alright?” He asked, concern marring his features. 
“I’m…oh wow, just knocked the wind out.” I wasn’t very coherent but I climbed back up onto Fancy and was grateful when Jake took her lead rope. 
Jake soon had us back at the barn and he put his horse up before he helped me down from Fancy.
I hadn’t realized my ankle hurt until I put weight on it. I immediately fell back, my ass bumping into Jake’s crotch as the ankle refused to hold weight.
His arms went around my waist to steady me and for a moment he held me there, inhaling the scent of my hair as he pulled me tighter to his body.  He inhaled deeply, his lips brushing at my right ear before he pulled me up and took me to a pile of hay.
I looked up with anxiety as he set me down, our eyes locking together. This was my fantasy come true and the first shiver of guilt slid down my spine. I hadn’t even done anything yet.
I told myself to get up, to leave as his fingers came slowly towards my face. He moved so slowly I knew he was giving me time to bolt just as Fancy had earlier. 
I couldn’t though. Somewhere in the days and weeks that had passed I’d lost the will to preserve the sanctity of my marriage. As I waited for Ron to come to me I’d come to realize he wasn’t going to. I’d have to leave the farm and I just wasn’t willing to do that.
Jake’s fingers trailed down the sharp line of my jaw before he stood and put Fancy in her own stall. I waited, my breath held, as he came back and crouched down in front of me.
My eyes were wide, I knew they were, but I couldn’t stop it. I finally inhaled deeply, unconsciousness threatening in the form of spots before my eyes. 
I watched him, uncertain, as he went to his knees, and then crept towards me like a stalking snake. He still gave me time to bolt but I was glued to that hay. I simply leaned back, enjoying the side of his chest as he slithered up my body. 
It felt as though an eternity passed between the moment he settled over my body and the time his face was before mine, over mine. Quietly I inhaled once more, pulling his scent deep into my senses. 
“Oh God.” The words came out as a whisper as his smell thrilled me, my blood racing even harder through my veins as the scent warmed me even more. 
He smelled like spices, of warm things that made you want to melt. I was melting, pooling beneath him.
I felt his hardness pressing into my center, his hard length touching nerves in my clitoris that made me gush even more. 
I pressed up, wanting more of what he had to offer. That’s when his lips pressed down into mine and thought left my head altogether. His lips caressed mine and the world disappeared.
I felt his hands on my breasts, teasing my nipples into tight peaks in my bra. His lips left mine and he moved. 
His enticing fingers pulled my shirt away and his lips pushed the bra aside as his mouth sucked my left nipple deep into his hot mouth.
I arched up into that hot cavern, his lips sucking at me now and I went wild as shocks of pleasure blazed through me.
I pulled at his clothes as he pushed at mine, both of desperate for our bare flesh to touch.
“I need you. Please, fuck me now.” I begged, needing to feel him inside of me. I didn’t care about foreplay; I just needed to feel his hard length stretching me.
“As you wish, missus.” He said, his lips locking onto mine before he pulled me to him once more.
 I don’t even know how we managed to get our shoes off but soon we were naked. Hot bare skin pressed together with me sitting on his lap as his thick, long cock slid into my slick depths.
We moved slowly in time together at first, embracing each other tightly as I worked my wet pussy down onto him. 
“Fuck, that’s beautiful.” He groaned as I moved on him, moving my internal muscles to grasp at his thick length, as though I was jerking him off.
He was wider than Ron, longer, and his skin smoother. Jake felt completely different and I loved it.
“I’ve waited so long for this, Macy.” He said to me as his eyes captured mine as we moved together.
I let the passion take over as I finally felt Jake throbbing inside of me, the reality of it far better than the fantasy.
“Fuck me right, Jake Larson, and you might just get to do it again.” I promised him, meeting his burning eyes once more.
Jake’s lips found my shoulder, then his teeth. He nipped at my shoulder as his hands went beneath my ass. He pulled me up slightly, hitching me up, and I began to move on him, my legs locking around his waist as we moved together.
“Oh, I’ll fuck you right, missus. I’ll fuck you whenever you want, wherever you want. All you have to do is ask.” 
I tormented us both with slow strokes as he leaned back enough to encircle a nipple, taking each breast into his mouth as I moved. 
I picked up the pace, stoking our pleasure ever higher, building onto the passion as I moved, my mind filled with nothing except Jake.
“Oh that is beautiful, Macy. You’re beautiful.” He gasped as I threw my head back, my long hair falling down my back. 
“More.” Was all I could manage to gasp out as his mouth and fingers worked my body into a frenzy, my own movements grinding my clit into his pelvis, sparking off bright spots of pleasure.
 I felt his fingers on my ass, pushing at the secret hidden there, and I felt my pussy quiver in response. A threat of imminent orgasm, of blinding pleasure just on the horizon.
“Yes.” I spoke the word though a question hadn’t been asked.
I pushed down deliberately and felt the tip of his finger slide into my ass.
Gasping, I shuddered as his finger slid up to a knuckle. 
It was something Ron and I had never dabbled in, ass play, but with Jake I wanted all of the dirty beautiful things Ron and I had been to pure to try.
“Fuck yes!” I cried out as my body adjusted, the shock turning to need.
I fucked down, onto Jake’s cock and his finger, wanting it all as my body pulsed and then blitzed into a quivering mass of pleasure. 
I exploded into a million tiny pieces of light, my body convulsing in pleasure as Jake gasped in front of me.
“Wow. Come, Macy, come for me baby. You are fucking gorgeous!” He urged me on but I needed no urging, I was right in the middle of it.
This is what I needed, this explosion of pleasure that steals every thought from your head. As I screamed my pleasure I knew this was what had been missing.

Chapter Five
Later that evening, as Jake held me in my bed, our bodies relaxed but ready for more, I closed my eyes, replaying the sound of Jake’s release as he came inside of me.
It was one of the sweetest sounds I’ve ever known. 
After weeks of temptation I had finally given in. I’d broken my marriage vows, and now I was in my own bed in the arms of another man.
I’d let the guilt wash over me later, and I knew it would come; I had no delusions of that. But for now Jake was in my bed, his strong muscled chest behind me, as his talented fingers teased at my tight nipples and his lips whispered naughty ideas into my head.
I couldn’t stop now; there was no way I could send Jake away. I needed him. I didn’t know how long it would last, or how long I’d want him in my bed, but I knew I wanted him. 
More importantly, I needed him in my bed. I needed his touch. Tomorrow I’d let my worries take over, I’d let my own recriminations make my brain implode. For now I needed to come around his fingers as his lips stole my breath away and inhaled my moans. I needed Jake. Tomorrow I’d cry for what I’d lost.

The End of Book 1 of 5


Thank you for reading this story!  Please remember to sign up to my newsletter The Wet Buzz for up-coming new books, special prizes, and free giveaways.  You’ll get 3 FREE books that aren’t available on Amazon!
Press Here to Sign Up and Claim Your FREE Books Now!


Visit my web site for more exciting stuff!
Questions or comments?  Please email me at: thewetbuzz@gmail.com


Macy’s Cowboy 2
by Ella Gottfried

Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from the author.
This book is a work of fiction.  Similarities to real people, places, or events are entirely coincidental.
This story has erotic themes and is suitable for adults, 18+ only.

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five


Chapter One
“Morning beautiful.” I awoke to the feel of soft lips pressed into my temple, the smell of my favorite coffee, and a warm tempting body behind me.
Stretching awake as I rubbed the sleep from my eyes I smiled. Two weeks of waking up next to Jake had been heaven, this morning was no different.
“What are we doing today?” I asked as I turned my naked body in his arms, throwing my leg over his hip as he kissed a path down my neck.
“Mm. We could stay in bed and I  can find out how many kisses it takes to kiss your entire body. Or, and this is an exciting one, we can go check the fields, ride horses until our bottoms are so sore we can barely walk, and then work on some of the equipment we’ll need for harvesting.” Jake’s hazel eyes grinned down at me as I frowned and looked away.
“That sounds like adulting.” I complained, running my hand down his flat tummy. “I’d rather not adult today.”
He sucked in a breath as I found his most sensitive part and leaned his head back on the white pillows. With the morning sunlight brightening the room the whiskered jaw of my lover mixed with his light eyes to create a rather alluring image. I wish I could photograph him like this.
“Ah, not adulting feels rather lovely but we need to check those fields after last night’s storm, Macy.” He locked his jaw together as my hand began to move on him and I slid down in the bed. “But maybe it can wait a few more minutes.”
His words trailed off as my mouth found him, taking him deep inside the hot depths of the pink flesh that glided over him. I let my tongue stroke him as my cheeks pulled in, making him groan as his fingers tangled in my hair. 
“Don’t stop. You suck my cock so fucking well!” He pleaded as my mouth worked on him, his hips thrusting up into my face with each downward slip of my mouth.
I loved doing this. With Ron or Jake the act held so much power, so much control. A man was at his most vulnerable with his dick in your mouth and allowing you that moment was a gift.
I also loved the velvety feel of a man’s most intimate flesh as it glided between my lips. Jake was wider than Ron, a tad longer, but I accommodated him well as I sucked at the smooth, silky flesh.
I also loved the sounds Jake was making, each sigh or gasp sending a pulse of pleasure down my body, making me squirm against the bed, seeking some relief from the ache.
We’d learned a lot about each other over the past couple of weeks, about how to pleasure each other, about what we liked, about how far we could push each other and we were still learning. I knew he’d pleasure me when this was done and it would be worth the wait.
Relaxing my throat as Jake’s thrust went deeper; I felt the head of his cock slide down further than Ron had ever been.
Swallowing I felt my muscles stroking him and heard a strangled cry as Jake’s body jolted. 
“I’m coming.” He gasped as I pushed down harder onto him, not wanting him to pull away. 
I took his seed into my throat, swallowing every drop of it as it spurted from his cock. I was a greedy girl and didn’t spill a drop.
When he pulled at my head I let him go and grinned up at him. 
“See, adulting is overrated.” 
He leaned his head back on the pillows and smiled down at me. 
“I suppose you’re right. But only a few minutes more then we really do have to check those fields, missus.”
Somehow the term had become an endearment. I don’t know why it made me smile, it was an acknowledgement that I was someone else’s wife, but it thrilled me when said it in his Texas drawl.
I’d learned Jake was from south Texas, an only child with no family. Like me he was alone, unlike me he wasn’t married. I felt a momentary twinge of guilt but pushed it down.
I’d become a pro at that over time, as well. I didn’t think about Ron when I was with Jake, or tried not to.
“I’ll make you a deal, you take me to the barn this evening and we can start adulting now.” I said the words mainly as a way to get Ron out of my head. “If you promise to get me in that hay and roll around with me I’ll work like a dog for the rest of the day. If not, we’re staying right here for another hour.”
I had a fascination with the barn. Well a fascination with Jake in the barn. I am not sure exactly why but I love having sex with him there. This whole thing had started from a fantasy of Jake coming up behind me in the barn and stripping me bare before taking my hot and sweaty body against a rough-hewn wall. 
Even now the fantasy made me quiver and I thought about taking back my words. I needed to come. I zipped up Jake’s body, needing to feel him against me as I took his mouth with mine.
Our tongues mingled as his fingers found my nipples, driving the aching pleasure deeper into my body.
“I need to come. Please make me come.” I whispered into his ear as my hips ground down into his.
He was ready for me again instantly, rock-hard and there for me to slide down on. Having a younger man as a lover came with its own perks, a partner willing and ready at a moment’s notice being high on that list.
His fingers delved between us as I rode his cock, seeking out my clit as his face pushed aside my open nightgown to nuzzle at my breasts.
“Suck them.” I panted out as his fingers played with my clit. 
My breathing was ragged as I bounced up and down on his hard thick cock, grinding myself into him desperately. My fingers clutched at his shoulders, moving to press his head harder into my nipples as my body exploded.
“Harder.” I gasped out, not sure what I meant, all of it, I needed more, everywhere. Jake’s teeth bit down on my nipple, the pain somehow pleasurable as my pussy convulsed around his cock, bursting with his own come as he filled me.
The nip helped but the knowledge that Jake was coming deep inside of me, unprotected really rocked my pussy and my brain. I came so hard the world went totally dark, my head back and my mouth wide as I strangled out a sob of pleasure. 
Jake held me, his face a mask of amazement at what he had wrought. I took it all in as my senses came back to me, storing away the sights, the sounds, and the scents for later. For when he was gone and I was alone once more.
As we dressed a short while later my phone buzzed and I knew who it was without looking. Playtime was over, Ron was coming. 

Chapter Two
“Hey baby!” Ron’s words as he came in the back door that evening roused me from my daydreams, a fantasy of Jake and I in the field, making love under the massive old olive tree by the spring that ran through my land.
We’d lost the will to resist each other once more as we ate our lunch. Now Ron was here. Why was Ron here?
“Macy?” He called out, looking for me. “Where are you baby?” 
I didn’t move, uninterested in seeing him, or talking to him really. He’d abandoned me and now I was supposed to just come running? 
Hardly!
“In here!” I called out, flicking a lamp on. I sat in a recliner placed in a corner of the room to face the television I’d brought with me. I hadn’t watched any of the romance movie that was playing but pretended I had been engrossed in it as Ron came in.
“Watching movies with subtitles again are you?” He asked, standing over me, waiting expectantly, a confused smile on his face.
“It’s in French. How are you darling?” I asked, my attention going back to the television.
I hadn’t exactly planned to be so cold. I couldn’t help it though, as the day had grown darker, Jake leaving to go see some friends in town, my heart had started to harden. 
My thoughts had gone through the many times I’d pleaded with Ron to come to the farm and the many excuses he’d given me. Just last week he told me he couldn’t come because his Mom’s cat had kittens. What did that have to do with him?
“What’s wrong, Macy? Aren’t you glad to see me?” His voice held a note of concern but I couldn’t bring myself to care.
“Of course, I am Ron. You’ve come to see the peasants, to honor us with your presence at last. Let me roll out the red carpet for you.” I drawled out sarcastically in my best southern belle voice. “Why, Mr. Ron, I do believe you need some lemonade, let me run right into the kitchen and fetch that for you.”
I got up from my chair, tossing down the remote, and walked into the kitchen to get a bottle of Ron’s favorite beer out of the fridge. I plunked it down on the table with a bottle opener beside of it. Ron only drank imported beer and those didn’t come with twist caps.
“Shall I run on upstairs and do my hair and makeup for you, sir?” I asked, blinking my eyelids at his shocked face. “Or are you planning on running right on back to the city lickety-split?” 
I swiped my hands together with an obnoxious grin before I let the grin disappear and went back to the living room and threw myself in the recliner.
“Macy! Macy what’s wrong with you?” 
“There’s nothing wrong with me, Ron.” I told him angrily. “I’m just sick of being treated like a cheap fuck, your little country mistress that you bang then leave.”
I was surprised by my actions, I hadn’t planned them, and I was even more shocked my just how strongly I felt about the words I was speaking. I’d pushed down some serious amount of hurt lately, it would seem.



Ron stood in the kitchen, his instant reaction of anger quickly turning to shame. He’d neglected his wife, and yes, treated her as little more than a whore. He could see that now. But how to fix it?
He knew he had to find  a way, a compromise. That was his job after all, he was a mediator. There had to be a way to fix this.
It would be so much simpler if Macy would just stop playing at being the farmer and come to her senses. His mother told him it was all because Macy didn’t have a child. She’d settle down if she had a child. Ron wasn’t sure about that but he knew she had some kind of bug up her ass about this farming deal.
He’d hoped she’d be over it by now. He’d let her come out and spend a great deal of money on the place, alright, most of it had been a small amount left to her by her uncle but some had come from their savings account. Yes, some of that contained money she’d been saving up from before they married but still, that was their money and she’d wasted it out here. 
He’d tried to convince her just to sell the place but she’d refused. He’d finally relented and let her come out here, telling her he’d join her but he’d never really intended to do that. 
His mother and her friends had assured him she’d be over this by now. From the look of the fields he knew she was serious about it. Now this attitude when he finally did come out to see her. 
It was going to be a hard sell, convincing her over this weekend to come home. By the look of anger in her eyes he also knew sex wasn’t on the menu for the moment.
 He watched her display of anger, the way she coldly looked through him as she went back to the living room to go back to the movie and knew Macy was slipping away.
This wasn’t the soft, appeasing woman he’d married. This was someone different, someone who was far more independent and self-assured. Ron was confused by this revelation but he liked it.
Macy had been a manager at a restaurant when he met her, a position she’d worked hard for. He knew she was capable but she’d always felt inferior to him, deep down, and he knew that. He’d had the benefit of rich parents and a really good education, that didn’t make him better than her.
He could see now, though, that that is exactly how he’d been treating her. How to stop that behavior though?
“Macy, I’m sorry baby. I didn’t realize you felt that way.” He finally told her, at a loss as to how to fix this. 
Macy huffed and leaned her head back on the chair. Ron could see how tan she was now, how healthy her skin looked, and beneath the anger a sense of calm that she’d never had before.
“I’m sorry too; it’s been a rough day. That storm did some damage to the barn and it took us all day to fix the roof. I’m tired.” She sounded tired, defeated. 
Ron didn’t like that sound at all.
“We? Did you get some help in after all?” He asked as he sat down on the oak coffee table in front of the couch, across from her recliner.
“Yeah, a guy named Jake. He’s pretty knowledgeable about farming and he’s been a huge help.” Macy looked back at the television screen and Ron saw a look on her face he couldn’t describe.
Was it guilt? Why would she look guilty? 
Ron knew something was wrong but told himself it was just part of this phase she was in. He just had to let her get through it, then they could go back to normal.

Chapter Three
Only countless memories got me through that weekend with Ron. How we’d gotten to this point I couldn’t have imagined six months ago but now I knew. Somewhere along the line we’d given up.
We’d given up on a dream together and gone our separate ways. Perhaps it was the devastation of knowing that only fate kept us childless, perhaps it was only a matter of time. We’d come from two different worlds, after all, and now it was only memories and habit that sustained us. 
I let the anger slough off to slip into the obscurity from where it had come from, and resigned myself to pretending the part of a happy wife. I cooked us dinner that evening, and smiled gently when Ron joined me in the shower.
I made love to him, to the memory of us, but the passion I’d exploded with that morning, the fire that had burned so brightly only hours ago, was missing now. There in the dark I enjoyed my husband’s tongue between my thighs, I loved how he urged me to fuck his cock until I got off, but the spark was just gone.
It was like fucking a client, or how I’d imagine it would be to fuck for money. Is this what marriage was really about once the new wore off?
I enjoyed Ron’s touch, I enjoyed kissing his soft lips, feeling his soft manicured hands on my body and the feel of them running down my skin, but he could have been anyone, my body responded only to the touch, not the person. 
The person had let me down far too many times. I felt a deep well of sadness as Ron bent me over the bed, pushing my head down once more and even that bit of play just felt tired and old. The same old game, the same old moves.
I held back tears of heartbreak and sadness, forced them away, as Ron slid his hard length into my wet pussy. My mind may not be engrossed but my body couldn’t stop it’s response to his stimulation.
He ran a finger down my spine, down the crevice of my ass, and he held his own cock as I pushed back onto him. I felt my lower lips opening, spreading for his invasion, and gasped, forgetting to remember, to be sad, for a moment.
With a flex of my hips I bumped back into Ron’s hips, sliding wetly down his cock, to the very base of the organ. Sliding a hand beneath me, I allowed the silky length of my wrist to press into my clit as my hand cupped his balls.
The rounded flesh filled my hand and I rolled them gently, like marbles, as he groaned my name out loud above me, behind me.
“That’s it Ron. Fuck my pussy baby.” I urged him to finish with dirty words. I’d only use them when I felt extremely naughty or when I wanted him to come quickly.
Ron always responded immediately, his mind loving the sound of my voice saying such filthy words that sometimes all I had to say was fuck or pussy and he’d explode instantly.
He groaned behind me now, thrusting hard and deep one last time before I felt that first pulse of his release.
My own wrist got me off this time; Ron didn’t even try to satisfy me as he blew his load too quickly to get me off through fucking me. It was my own fault, I’d said the words that drove him to it.
I shuddered beneath him, wondering if it was always going to be this way from now on.
I crawled up on the bed, allowing Ron to pull me close as we both closed our eyes, the long day and emotional upheaval stealing even my will to stay awake long enough to see if Jake made it home. 
In the night Ron turned away and I woke up, not sure what had startled me from my sleep. I waited, breath held, until I realized it was that I wasn’t being held anymore and Ron’s snores were different. 
I’d become used to the gentle snores Jake breathed, Ron’s loud, painful sounding snores had startled me awake. I drifted back to sleep, a tear sliding from my eye.
Not for Jake but for what had been.
The next day I made Ron breakfast, showed him around the barn and some of the fields, though he wasn’t interested. He walked beside me, his phone out, fingers flying as he made plans for that evening before he drove away, back to the city. 
Just like that our “weekend” was over. Ron and I had fulfilled our marital duties to each other and it was back to normal. As I sat on the porch swing, feeling a breeze tugging at my skirt, I wondered if this was going to be our life from now on?
I wasn’t willing to give up the farm or go back to the city and Ron was very obviously not willing to even give country life a try. He liked his hands callous free and manicured, his body honed by a gym and not hard labor. 
I preferred not to live in smog, noise pollution, and a shit-storm of chemically produced food while smiling fake smiles at people that only wanted to get drunk to hide their own misery.
Life out here was about living and I loved it. In the city it was fake, it was trying to mask the irritation, the aggravation of living in a way humans just weren’t meant to live in. 
If we couldn’t come to some kind of agreement, if we couldn’t find our way back to each other we’d soon be heading for a divorce. I had no illusions of that.
My affair with Jake wasn’t helping but it helped me. I could ignore the pain of losing my husband when I was in Jake’s arm.
We had no illusions with each other. Jake knew I was married, I knew he was leaving. We had a deep attraction to one another but we weren’t in love. I cared for him but I didn’t love him. 
It was just really hot sex. Right?

Chapter Four
I watched Jake driving up the dirt road, dust rising like smoke behind him, and felt a dampness start between my thighs immediately. My heart started to pound in my chest and my body came to attention. Pleasure was coming up the driveway.
This is how I was supposed to react to Ron, but hadn’t. 
I stood up from the swing as he pulled in the driveway and held out my hand as he stepped out of the truck. I didn’t have to say hello, it was in the waiting flesh of my hand.
I looked at him, dark and handsome, his eyes smoldering beneath his cowboy hat and wanted nothing more than him.
He looked at me with desire burning in his eyes and walked to me, throwing his hat and shirt on the porch before taking my hand.
Wordlessly Jake pulled me into the house and into the kitchen. 
I felt my heart tripping and knew this is what had been missing. This soul-filling joy at the sight of seeing someone, this instant hunger that could not be quenched. 
My lips reached for his, our faces melding together as he bumped me back against the sink.
We didn’t speak, we just climbed onto each other, and my legs were wrapped around his slim hips before we even made it into the house.
His hands held my ass as his lips claimed mine, anticipation already flaring into flames of pleasures deep within my abdomen.
My nipples were tight, hard, against his chest and I don’t think I’ve ever been so aware of the sensitive buds. I pressed them into his chest as he walked us into the kitchen and I couldn’t wait to feel him touching them.
My arms wrapped around his shoulders as he pulled me up higher, sitting me on the edge of the sink as he dropped down, pushing the robe I still wore apart.
I’d showered earlier and still hadn’t put any kind of underwear on. When Jake brushed aside the panels of my robe he bared my flesh and his lips met the bare skin of my nipple as he began to suck.
I felt my skin turn to gooseflesh as the tugging sensation of his lips sucking at my nipples washed over me.
His fingers found my core, wet and hot, and he slid in two fingers slowly, gently, as I gasped beneath him.
Bracing myself with my arms I allowed Jake to invade my body, taking my flesh as his own, and reveled in the strength of my wild passion for him.
Jake’s lips drove me mad, made me squirm and hiss in pleasure as he switched from one tight peak to the other one, his fingers driving into me with each suck of his lips.
Jake moaned against my breast, his own desire building as he built mine. My hips surged to meet his fingers and I felt another slide into me, stretching me even further, as his thumb found my clit.
Slowly he stroked my pussy, all of it, with his fingers, his mouth tugging at my nipples as my body writhed beneath him.
Through those long moments of Jake fingering me to my first orgasm my eyes opened and closed. 
I saw Jake’s dark head, bent to my breast as his lips sucked at my dark nipples. I saw his bare back, the muscles flexing beneath his tanned flesh as his fingers moved within my slick depths.
As the world exploded for me, as I came for Jake, I saw a man bent only on pleasuring his lover and it was a beautiful sight.
I clung to him as my body shook, my hands leaving the sink to grasp at his shoulders tightly, my nails digging into his skin as my teeth bit down on his neck, needing to taste him.
Jake groaned in satisfaction as my body gave one last spasm and stood.
He unbuttoned his jeans, freeing his cock from his black underwear, before guiding it to my desperate pussy.
I wasn’t done yet, I needed that closeness, that joining to be fully satisfied, and Jake gave me every inch he could thrust into me. I spread my thighs wider, wanting all of him inside of me.
He moved within me, his hands holding me still, gripping my ass, as he started slow.
With a maddening pace, far too slow, Jake eased into me, enjoying every second it took to bury himself in me.
I let him have his fun, I let him go slow, because I knew more was on the way. 
“I missed you missus.” He whispered into my ear before he withdrew. A quick thrust had our flesh slapping together and I knew Jake was done playing.
My eyes flew open as our bodies danced together and I saw the reflection of Jake’s back in the oven built into the wall of the house. The mirrored surface perfectly reflected the lines of Jake’s back, his tight ass, and I couldn’t look away as I watched him thrusting into me.
The sight was mesmerizing and when Jake’s fingers found my clit I gritted my teeth to keep my eyes open as another orgasm tore through me.
Jake never stopped thrusting and I watched every second of it through the orgasm, needing to watch him, to burn the image into my memory.
Jake wasn’t finished though, and I clung to him as he continued to stroke my pussy with his raging cock. I felt the smooth, velvety feel of his skin, engraving that sensation on my fingertips. I inhaled his scent, imprinting that on my memory as well.
And when he finally reached the limit of what he could endure and allowed himself to finally let go I scored the soundtrack of this moment with the sound of his startled gasp, the way he sounded so surprised at how good it felt to let go inside of me.
I let him take his time, embracing him to my sweat-dampened flesh as I smelled our mingled smells and tasted his lips on mine. 
I didn’t know how many more times I was going to have with Jake and I wanted to remember them all. I had a feeling cold dark nights lay ahead of me and I might need these memories to warm away the loneliness of it all. 

Chapter Five
In the dark air of the night, warm despite the breeze blowing over the fields, I sat on the porch swing once more. One leg rested on the swing, the other pushed me in the dark.
Jake was in the house, working on a part for one of the tractors while I watched the moon rise in the sky.
I was content in this moment because I allowed myself to be. Ron hadn’t messaged me when he got back to the city, though, and that was a worry.
This whole venture was supposed to bring us together but all it had done is expose the truth.
We came from different walks of life, Ron and I. If he wasn’t willing to meet me in the middle then it wasn’t going to work for us.
I thought about Jake, at the kitchen table with his nimble fingers teasing tiny parts out of some chunk of metal. 
He got what this all meant to me. Jake and I may not talk of love but I’ve seen his eyes shining at my intelligence, at my ability to grasp farming concepts. I’ve seen how he lights up when we talk about the farm as he watches me talking. It’s not the farm that makes him light up, it’s me.
I’d started this affair with the understanding that Jake was just a fling. He was leaving, he was safe. He wouldn’t cause problems and push for more than I could offer.
Jake would be gone when the growing season was over and that’s just how I wanted it. He isn’t a threat to my marriage. I was starting to wonder if I was, though.

The End of Book 2 of 5


Thank you for reading this story!  Please remember to sign up to my newsletter The Wet Buzz for up-coming new books, special prizes, and free giveaways.  You’ll get 3 FREE books that aren’t available on Amazon!
Press Here to Sign Up and Claim Your FREE Books Now!


Visit my web site for more exciting stuff!
Questions or comments?  Please email me at: thewetbuzz@gmail.com


Macy’s Cowboy 3
by Ella Gottfried

Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from the author.
This book is a work of fiction.  Similarities to real people, places, or events are entirely coincidental.
This story has erotic themes and is suitable for adults, 18+ only.

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five


Chapter One
“Macy, the tractor’s ready to go again, all fueled up and the oil has been changed.” Jake came around the house to the back porch where I was busy sharpening the lawnmower blade, wiping his gifted fingers with a towel.
I smiled up at him and gave him a kiss hello. In the late morning sunlight he was just as handsome as ever and I needed to taste him.
Our lips lingered together as his fingers caressed my cheek.
“Hi.” He breathed the word, his lips smiling against mine.
“Hi.” I responded, my body already going into overdrive. 
We’d been lovers for two months now and the passion still hadn’t worn off. He still made my heart race.
“You look beautiful in the sunlight. Your skin just glows.” He said with awe.
“So do you.” I stepped away, biting my lip to stop my body screaming out in torment. “But I have things I need to get done today so don’t go tempting me, mister!”
I pointed at him before dancing away from his grasping hands. 
I reeled for a moment as I came up against the porch. Oh that hadn’t been a good idea at all.
I put my hand against my mouth, fighting down the nausea that threatened. 
Nope, not a good idea.
“Are you alright, Macy?” Jake asked with concern, worry marring his features. He pushed back his black ball cap and walked closer to me.
“I’m fine, just something I ate, I guess. So, what are you doing today?” I asked, needing to change the subject desperately. I didn’t want him to know my worry.
“I’m going to aerate the fields, make sure the water lines are working properly, and a few other things. I’ll be at the tree later, if you’d like to join me with lunch.” He put his hands on my hips to pull me close as he leaned down to kiss my neck.
I wanted to lean into him but the nausea was just getting worse.
“If I can, you know I’ll be there. I should be alright in a little while. Don’t worry.” 
I smiled and ran into the house, hoping the nausea would go away.
For a week now I’d had bouts of nausea.
It happened sometimes, far too often, and I reminded myself of that as I went in to the kitchen to look for something to calm it all down. 
Far too often in my life I’d become excited over the sudden bouts of nausea only to be disappointed. I wasn’t going to let myself become stressed over this again.
The nausea eased just as Jake drove away on the tractor and I put some chicken on to make chicken salad sandwiches for lunch. Jake loves my cooking.
Ron, my husband, did as well but I hadn’t seen him in quite a while.
I thought when he left he’d be working to strengthen our marriage, that perhaps he’d had a change of heart over the weekend but I could see now that, as usual, my hopes were fruitless.
I rode Fancy, my horse, out to the tree he’d mentioned at lunch time. Situated beside a river, little more than a stream, the large old olive tree was huge, maybe one of the first planted on the farm. The limbs spread out to provide plenty of shade and we spent a lot of time there.
I spread a deep red fleece blanket on the ground and spread out the food and tea I’d brought. I waited there for Jake, dozing as a gentle breeze blew my skirt around my smooth legs.
I heard the tractor approaching but stayed in place, far too relaxed to move around. 
This was peace. On my own land, with my own work sustaining me, with a man that adored me. 
Too bad he wasn’t my husband.
“Oh you do look delicious there, missus.” Jake said and I cracked my green eyes open to smile into hazel eyes.
“Ready to eat are you?” I asked as I pulled my knees up, letting the skirt fall between my legs to hide my secrets.
“I’m absolutely starving, missus.” Jake told me as he knelt on the blanket, his hands going to my knees.
I felt anticipation and lust burn through me straight down to my core. 
I grinned up at the olive tree as Jake’s agile fingers moved on me, opening my crevice to his mouth.
He stroked the smooth pink flesh, his tongue rasping against my bare skin as he licked my labia slowly, tasting me.
His fingers kneaded at my thighs and I opened wider, needing the release Jake offered me.
But he teased me, moving slowly around my pussy. His tongue blazed a trail from where it probed my depths up to my clit where bright sparks of pleasure turned me hot and molten.
I held his head in place, too in love with how his tongue made me feel to fight myself. I knew I shouldn’t be doing this, that I should tell him no, but I couldn’t. 
For two months I’d been fighting with myself, do it then don’t, and I’d finally come to the decision that my husband didn’t give a fuck if he could leave me out here for this long. He hadn’t even called me in two weeks.
No, I sprawled there on the blanket and let Jake tongue fuck me into oblivion with very few qualms.
I could hear him, slurping up my juices as he went from fucking my tight hole with his tongue to sucking at my clit.
I giggled, then gasped, as he grew serious and spread my swollen lips with his fingers, his mouth closing over the entire area surrounding my clit.
My hips thrust up, pushing my aching clit into his mouth. We’d done this so many times now but I felt like climbing a wall every single time. He was just too damned good at it.
As the intensity of the pleasure increased my legs closed around his head, capturing him in place.
“Don’t stop. Harder.” I urged him, fierce in my desire. 
He obliged, drawing on my clit harder with his suctioning mouth. He wasn’t quite done with me though; as he inserted two fingers into my dripping slit he also broke the suction on my clit by sliding two fingers around the organ, pinching it tight but gently.
I began to writhe beneath him as my body squeezed tightly, my thighs holding his head in place.
“Fuck.” The word was forced from my lips as I came undone around him, my hips thrusting into his face as my back arched deeper into the red blanket beneath me.
“Now that is beautiful.” He murmured, his tongue licking at me once more as the waves continued to pass over me.
My eyes were squeezed shut, my blond hair tangled beneath me as I twisted, to overcome with my own pleasure to care what I looked like.
This was the ultimate in pleasure and somehow it was stronger than it had ever been before.
“Oh, keep going baby girl, give me all you got!” Jake urged as his fingers pumped in and out of me, probing gently at my ass as well.
For hours I hung there, caught between a world where breathing wasn’t necessary one moment, and I couldn’t get enough air the next.
I’d read in old romance novels that women saw bright explosions of color when they came, I hadn’t noticed it before but as my eyes squeezed even harder shut I saw bright sparks.
I didn’t care though, I was gasping with the spasms that were finally slowing down, shock waves still surging through my now sopping wet cunt.
As the spasms ebbed away I looked up and realized my strong, very hard lover was still clothed.
If that long bulge in his pants was any indication I had some work to do to repay him for that mind-blowing experience. I sat up with a grin, reaching for him.

Chapter Two
“Whoa there, girl. I need some lunch after that performance.” Jake said with a laugh as he pulled himself up beside me. 
I smiled down at him and kissed his face. He smelled of me. I stopped to inhale my scent from his work-swollen lips before giving them a swipe with my tongue, collecting traces of my own nectar from him.
“Damn, you taste good.” I said before moving away, picking up a tub to make him a sandwich.
He braced himself on his elbows and I looked over at him as I made the sandwich. His black hair had grown longer, curling into his hazel eyes. Sometimes those eyes looked green, sometimes a light brown, right now they were a dark green.
I knew that meant he was going to get through that sandwich as quick as possible before he got me naked once more. 
I tried to contain myself, to keep my legs from straddling his thighs and my fingers from undoing his tight jeans, and looked around the fields. Some of it was covered in trees happily producing fruit, others were full of plants producing vegetables.
Ron had thought this was just a vanity project, something to keep my happy. But I was going to make a profit from this venture, even though it was my first year planting. 
I was succeeding here, even if my marriage was failing. A sudden tear was brushed away and I sniffled as I looked away from Jake. 
Ron couldn’t appreciate what I was doing here. I wasn’t just building a life for him or us; I was proving to myself my life had meaning. I’d needed this and he’d let me down.
“It’s not ruined, sweetness, he just has to find his way back. You’ll be waiting when he does.” Jake said as he pulled me to him.
I thought I’d hidden my sudden overwhelming sadness but I suppose not.
“It’s odd isn’t it? I’m sitting here with you but yet, all I can think of is him.” 
“Not at all. He’s your husband. You might care for me but I’m leaving and you love him. We’re just getting each other through this summer. Which isn’t to say I don’t care about you, because I do, but you’re taken. We both know that.” He gave me a gentle smile and some of the gloom disappeared from my heart.
“You are so good for me.” He really was, this was the first time we’d ever talked about my husband, really, and he’d made it all seem right again.
“I’m just your friend, darlin’, and always will be.” He promised, pulling me to him.
“Friend with benefits.” I teased, my arms wrapping around his waist as I kissed his smooth chin.
“Oh, there’s definitely benefits. Like these gorgeous tits of yours.” His hands cupped the full globes, tenderly squeezing them as our lips found each other.
His fingers teased a gentle circle around each of my nipples, enflaming me instantly. 
I gasped into his open mouth, our bodies melded together as his he pushed my chest back, his fingers going beneath my shirt.
Jake pushed my bra aside, his skin touching mine as I cried out my pleasure.
There beneath the tree Jake pulled my shirt up and pulled me to his mouth, his lips swallowing my dark nipples into his hot mouth.
It felt like being surrounded by smooth, hot, pleasingly damp cotton and I once more held his head to my flesh. But I wanted to pleasure him this time. 
I wanted his cock in my mouth.
“Strip.” I ordered, moving away from his mouth and his lap. 
I watched as he pulled his clothes off. He shivered as the breeze blew over his skin, pebbling it for a moment, before he settled back down to the blanket. 
I looked at his body, tanned, strong, and barely covered in hair. His bare chest and pubic area were free of hair, perfectly smooth, and I wanted to feel it under my tongue.
I started with his nipples, just as sensitive as my own and his already stiff cock jutted against my hip bone as my fingers and mouth teased him.
His breathe hissed in through his teeth and his head went back as my free hand went down, seeking out his hardness, that satin smooth part of him that throbbed for me.
I moved down, greedy for the feel of his flesh in my mouth, to suck every last drop of his come from his cock.
My fingernails tickled his stomach as I dove down, grasping at him finally and my lover sighed, his desire to be touched appeased at last.
I looked at him, long and hard, the head already turning an angry red and I’d barely even started! He knew what was coming.
I ran my hand up the rigid shaft, over the throbbing veins feeding his hard length. I felt it throbbing, pulsing in my hand and smiled.
My full lips parted, licking my bottom lip to make it slick before I moved down, encircling the tip with my lips. I felt him pulse, pushing against my top lip.
“Shhh.” I sighed, blowing air onto the wet tip. I felt him shiver beneath me.
I looked up at him, a teasing look as I opened my mouth wide, hovering over him for a moment before I took deep into my wet mouth.
My lips slid wetly down his cock, and I heard him groan. He was a happy boy.
I pulled back up, sucking at him as my hand followed where my mouth had been. I moved down once more, my hand flattening out as I took him deep, my throat opening wide for him. 
My other hand moved up to tease him, going first into his mouth where he sucked my index finger hotly. I moaned against him and he thrust up into my throat with his own moan.
I moaned again, pleased with his reaction, my own body responding with a wet ache that made me squirm.
Jake thrust again, and our eyes met.
“I don’t want to come in your mouth, Macy, I want that pussy that grips me so tight around me as I come. Please.” He begged so prettily, how could I refuse?

Chapter Three
I was eager to please and crawled up his body, my knees ever so grateful for that blanket now.
He grinned up at me as his hands cupped my breast.
“Somebody’s eager.” I said to him.
“You got some bomb pussy, missus. I love it.” Sometimes Jake reminded me he was younger than me by a few years. Instead of making me cringe though his words made my pussy clench. 
Jake was a masterpiece to look at and a master at what he did. He could make my panties just drop while we were fertilizing the crops. We’d almost ruined the crops that day as the tractor had veered for a moment as I straddled him on the seat. 
We’d also given up on pretense; his toothbrush was in my bathroom. He was my lover and I almost dreaded the day Ron did decide to show. I’d probably be fucking Jake. 
I shuddered as I allowed my body to take him in, slowly working him in as I grasped him in my hand.
I watched his face, seeing that moment when I had him fully sheathed within my depths written on his face as ultimate pleasure.
His eyes were closed, his strong jaw on display as his head fell back, and his mouth was a round “o” of pleasure.
I moved slowly, pulling up, then quickly let myself fall.
He moved his hands, seeking out my nipples before sliding down to seek my moist heat. Between my thighs he found my clit and pressed into it with his thumb.
The gentle, circling pressure made me gasp as I felt the desire flare even brighter. I shuddered as my knees went weak for a moment and my brain turned to goo.
The damp heat where I bodies joined caused a squelching sound, a sexy sound that let me know I was flooding his cock with my juices. 
We moved together, his hips thrusting up to meet each of my downward thrusts. I shifted; putting my hands beside his head so I could push down harder, take him deeper inside of my body.
I fucked him hard and fast, hitting that elusive spot in my pussy that so many find hard to locate, his thumb driving me mad as it continued to taunt my nub. 
Jake sat up just as I was about to plead for more, pulling my legs around his hips as my breasts came into his view.
In his lap, propped up on his hips, my breasts were in just the right position for his mouth to suckle at my nipples.
He pressed them together, the fleshy globes pressing together, and his lips claimed them.
My hips jerked, pressing into him, taking him deeper, but needing more. For a moment his hand moved, urging mine to my core. I knew what he was telling me and found my own clitoris as he went back to my nipples.
I circled the slick button of my clitoris as my hips moved, his lips sucking at my sensitive breasts and soon, I was almost there once more.
I was just reaching, my entire pelvis seeming to arch into my thrusts, the muscles just starting to tense, as I held my breath, concentrating too hard to breathe.
When it broke, when the pressure became too much, and my body clamped down in intense pleasure my breath came roaring from my chest as a scream of pleasure.
I didn’t care if the neighboring farm heard me; the guttural cry of ecstasy would not be held back. I didn’t care if it sound ugly and harsh, I didn’t care if it sounded far from feminine, I was simply to enthralled to care.
My whole body gave a spasm of delight, so strong I thought I’d push Jake’s cock from my vagina. I heard him give a moan of pleasure and felt him exploding deep inside of me.
Rather than hurting him my orgasm seemed to be pleasuring the man.
I clung to him as he fucked into me, pulling my nipples from his lips as the sensation became far too intense, my hand sliding away to allow Jake’s cock inside of me finish the job.
He moved then, something I thought would cut off the pleasure, and protested with a groan, but he soon had me on my back and showed me different.
He thrust into me, grinding into me in deep hard strokes that had me crying out his name.
“Jake, oh fuck, Jake! Don’t stop baby, oh please don’t ever stop!” I begged shamelessly.
“No, missus, I don’t think I can.” I gasped, surprised at his admission.
But I let it go, his pounding length far too distracting.
My body started to spasm again, but in a gentler way, the pleasure somehow more intense though it was gentler.
He slowed down, his hips pushing into me softly as he watched my face. 
I finally came back to earth and smiled up at him, my legs moving to wrap around his waist. I knew he liked that.
I dug my feet into his taut, firm ass, the rounded globes a handful that I loved to pull into me. 
“You are so sweet, Macy.” He leaned down, taking my lips in his as his skin turned to gooseflesh and I felt his ass stiffen.
His body shook in my arms, his cock pulsing deep once more. Jake was coming again!
I held him close as he shuddered, his gasp making me pulse around him in response.
Jake and I didn’t fuck simply to get off. We fucked because we enjoyed pleasuring each other. Hearing him, hearing me, got us off. Watching each other come got us off. We enjoyed that and it made our sex far longer, and a lot of fun.
We’d started to talk about experimenting with certain things but hadn’t done it yet. Things Ron and I had explored but had been too “pure” to actually take all the way.
I wondered know if Jake and I would do those things before the summer ended. 
I thought about it as he snoozed. His snores gentle and soft beside me.
I rested there, naked in the shade of the tree, happy and content. My body was sore and tired but I loved every moment with Jake. I’d rest later.
For now I just rolled over and smoothed my hand up and down his back, watching him sleep as I enjoyed the silky smoothness of his skin.

Chapter Four
That night Jake eased my tired muscles with warm oil and those very talented hands of his.
We’d bathed together in the large porcelain tub and now he was giving me a message. 
His hands made long strokes up and down my tanned back, my long hair pushed out of his way.
“I love your hair, it’s like gold strands shining brightly.” He said as his hands dipped low, kneading the muscles of my ass.
He didn’t go lower though. I guess he knew I’d be a little sore from earlier, or perhaps I’d simply worn him out. 
I didn’t respond to him, just smiled and let him continue.
His hands stroked me deep and hard, finding knots I didn’t even know I’d had. He worked them loose and moved on, making sure I’d sleep pain free and relaxed.
When he was finished we climbed under the covers and he pulled me into his arms. With my back cradled to his front we lay quietly together.
I thought again about his words earlier, how he didn’t think he stop. Did he mean he couldn’t stop fucking me or caring for me? Were they just words spoken in the heat of the moment?
I’d worried all those months ago if Jake would be the problem or if I’d be the problem. 
I’d been afraid of becoming tied to Jake emotionally and so far, I think I’ve handled it well. I cared about the man but I knew, rationally, that I couldn’t have him.
Jake was a quiet man, a brooder, and could sit for hours saying nothing. He liked to read and would sit on rainy days, slouched in chair reading mysteries or anything else we had around the house. I’ve even seen him reading recipe books!
He was observant as well; I’d see him watching things and know he was calculating what would happen next.
Then, there was the fact that he was a drifter. He wasn’t tied to one place; he wasn’t rooted, and planned on heading to Alaska for the winter. 
Out here we were cut off from the talk and worry of being found out. We had a freedom to explore each other but in many ways that isolation cut us off. We protected ourselves because we didn’t have any distractions.
I knew I had anyway. He’d never said he loved me, or that he wanted to stay. He’d never asked me to leave Ron.
He could have, out here in our own little world it would be easy to forget the pain we could cause. I take that back, it was easy to forget the pain we would cause if we were found out.
We didn’t have the pressure of making demands. Maybe that’s why we were still so comfortable with the way things were.
I moved against him, tucking my arm under into the cool crevice where the pillow met the bed. 
I needed to stop worrying about all of this and go to sleep. I sighed deeply and felt Jake stirring behind me.
“What’s the matter missus?” He asked, his arms grasping me tight for a moment.
“I just can’t sleep yet, that’s all. Don’t worry.”  I assured him.
“I know what you need.” He whispered against my ear.
His hands pulled at my cotton nightgown, the soft material sliding up my thighs to reveal my bare sex.
“Yes, maybe that is what I need.” I answered as his lips found the spot on my neck that made me quiver in submission and pleasure.
I don’t know what it was about that spot but all he had to do was breathe on it and I’d do anything he wanted me to do.
He’d never taken advantage of it but he could if he wanted to. He knew it made me come hard though so he teased at it.
He started with a gentle breath as his fingers sought their way in the dark, finding my center to slide inside of me.
His fingers began to fuck me, his palm pushing into my clit as he lay behind me on his side.
We were both on our side, and I moved my legs apart, giving him better access to the secret depths of my body. 
As his fingers slid in and out of me, slow at first, he licked the spot on the back of my neck that made me shiver.
I obliged him with a shuddering gasp, my ass pushing back into his hips.
“That’s it Macy, just give up to it. Let me pleasure you, darlin’.”
I did as he requested and moved with his fingers, pressing back into him in a rhythmic motion, my head tilted so he could access my neck.
His lips began to suck at the spot as my pace quickened, my hips rotating as my thighs clamped down on his hand.
I pressed into his wrist, grinding my clit against the fleshy part below his thumb, starting a quivering deep inside of me.
As my breaths came to a halt, a sure sign of what was to come that Jake now recognized, he bit into my neck, not painfully but enough to know he was there, and I exploded.
I gasped his name, calling out to him, thanking him with that gasp.
My head thrust forward as my body responded to his touch, pushing my neck into his teeth, needing more. He bit down a little more and I knew I’d be bruised in the morning but didn’t care just then.
I needed that small amount of pain to make the world go dark. And dark it went as my body convulsed in his arms.
I came with a shuddering gasp, with a keening cry, and finally, low, quiet moans of utter delight.
As the vocalization of my orgasm ebbed into small sighs as aftershocks rippled through me, Jake moved his hands and kissed the now tender spot on my neck.
“Good night missus.” He said to me as he snuggled back down into his pillow.
“Good night, Jake. Thank you darling.” 

Chapter Five
The next morning Jake found me in the downstairs bathroom, huddled over the toilet as my stomach rudely insisted on emptying itself.
I flushed the toilet as he opened the door. He wet a wash cloth and sat down on the tub beside of me, pressing the cloth to the back of my neck.
“I think we got something to talk about Missus.” He said quietly.
He didn’t sound angry, or upset, just matter of fact.
“It can’t be that. It just can’t. I can’t explain that to Ron. Not that I would lay something like that off on him, but he’d know. That’s now how I want this to go down.”
“Why can’t it be that? We haven’t exactly been careful.” Jake looked rueful as he spoke. 
I glared at him, not in the mood for rueful or playful. 
“I’ve been married for over five years. This has happened before. I wind up heartbroken as I start to bleed. I think my body just likes to mess with me.”
“You’re late now. You’ve had two since I’ve been here, I have a vague idea of when you’re supposed to start and that was last week.”
“It can take a while sometimes. I’ll go to the doctor but I don’t think it’s that. I can’t be…that!” 
“I’ll leave it to you for now but let me know. I deserve to know if I have a child on the way.” He’d spoken the words I’d been avoiding saying, the words I’d tried to avoid speaking.
He gently bathed my face with the cloth and helped me to stand up. 
“I’ll take care of you Macy, either way. Whether this is just a bug, or if you’re pregnant. You won’t be alone.”
I have him a weak smile before I moved to the sink to brush my teeth. I didn’t want to think about that.
This was just supposed to have been a fling. Nothing more. Now we were talking about feelings, and a possible pregnancy, and I just wanted to run away.
Because I knew how fate treated me; like a toy it could bat around.
I hadn’t become pregnant in all the time I’ve been married to Ron. The minute I had an affair though, I’d get pregnant. 
That would just be my luck. 

The End of Book 3 of 5


Thank you for reading this story!  Please remember to sign up to my newsletter The Wet Buzz for up-coming new books, special prizes, and free giveaways.  You’ll get 3 FREE books that aren’t available on Amazon!
Press Here to Sign Up and Claim Your FREE Books Now!


Visit my web site for more exciting stuff!
Questions or comments?  Please email me at: thewetbuzz@gmail.com


Macy’s Cowboy 4
by Ella Gottfried

Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from the author.
This book is a work of fiction.  Similarities to real people, places, or events are entirely coincidental.
This story has erotic themes and is suitable for adults, 18+ only.

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five


Chapter One
“Macy, are you coming out of the bathroom today?” I heard the low chuckle of my lover and cringed.
Sitting on the edge of the bathtub in the small bathroom, you could turn around in one spot and you’d been in the whole bathroom it was so small, I stared at the small piece of plastic on the sink.
Within the plastic was a strip that had suddenly changed the entire world for me.
The indicator showed two bright pink lines, almost red they were so strong. 
Those lines had just brought my world down around me.
Jake needed an answer though, he was waiting for me to join him outside so we could start clearing the barn for harvest time. It was full of old boxes, furniture, and other things I didn’t need.
“I’ll be out in a minute, Jake. Go ahead and get started.” I tried to keep my voice neutral, he didn’t know what was going on in here and I wanted to keep it that way for the moment.
“Alright. But get back to bed if you aren’t feeling well.” He sounded concerned but I heard is steps walking away and out of the back door. 
I breathed a sigh of relief and picking up the phone. 
I called the only doctor in town and got an appointment for that afternoon. 
My hands were shaking and my heart was pounding but somehow my mind was completely blank.
Except for the thought, the hope, that the test was wrong. It just had to be wrong.
I’d been a lonely housewife, in need of love and attention. Getting pregnant hadn’t been part of that plan. 
Getting pregnant actually ruined it all.
Everything.
Picking up the test I tucked it into the pocket of my bathrobe and walked into the bedroom.
Jake could tell something was up but he didn’t nag me about it. We’d kind of discussed it a week ago and I’d dismissed the idea.
As the days passed though and the nausea hung around, I had to start taking the conversation seriously. 
No period was a good indication that something was not as it should be though. I’d bought the test secretly and finally got me nerve up this morning. 
I went out after putting on a pair of jeans, a denim shirt, and a pair of boots, ready to work. My long blond hair was pinned up out of my face and I was as ready as I was going to be.
I worked hard in the barn, pulling empty cardboard boxes and old parts out to a large trash bin outside I’d rented. The rental company was coming to get it tomorrow so we needed to get this done.
I didn’t have time to sit around weeping, condemning myself for my affair, but it was on my mind. How was I going to explain this to Ron, my husband?
I couldn’t get away with telling him the baby was his, even if he came to the house now and I managed to get him in bed. It was just not going to work.
I couldn’t regret the affair either. Good or bad, a sin or not, Jake had given me confidence and courage. He’d seen my abilities and encouraged them. He’d done everything I’d hoped Ron would do but hadn’t.
Jake really was my rock, my best friend.
I didn’t know whether to tell him or not and stopped myself several times as the hours passed. 
No, I’ll wait until I get the doctor’s confirmation.
Jake shocked me at lunchtime by asking me a question.
“Did you call the doctor yet?” He asked it as he ate the sub sandwich I’d made for us. 
“What?” I asked, my left eyebrow quirking as my finally calmed heart started to pound again.
“You were sick again this morning, missus. Something’s wrong. You need to go to the doctor. You’re starting to lose weight.”
It couldn’t have been that much weight but somehow he’d noticed. I had a moment where I heard “aw” in my head and smiled at him.
“I called earlier. I’m going this afternoon. It’s probably just stress.”
“You need to know whatever it is. Maybe you need some of those tummy pills they’re always advertising on television.”
“Probably. We’ll find out something today, I’m sure.” 
I tried to steer the conversation away from that topic by asking him how much longer we needed to clear the section of the barn I wanted to use. 
He wandered off to have a look and assured me we’d have it cleared by the time I needed to stop. 
He had a teasing look in his eye, somewhere between “I know what’s wrong but I’ll play your game” and “you get a little while longer then it’s serious time.”
I didn’t want serious time; it was serious time in my brain already. 
We got that section of the barn cleared and I showered before driving off to the doctor’s office. 
My nerves were so devastated by the stress I could barely fill out the paperwork at the doctor’s office. My hands shook and several times the pen squiggled across the paper.
The nurse came to weigh me and take other vital signs, I just numbly followed along, answering the questions by rote until she asked why I’d come in.
I gave her a haunted look with wide panicked eyes.
“I took a pregnancy test this morning. It came out positive. I need to be sure.” My voice shook and I was embarrassed when tears sprang to my eyes.
I pulled the test out, but the nurse just patted my hand reassuringly.
“It’s alright honey. Normally we’d do the same kind of test but I think you want the most accurate way of telling. We’ll do a blood test on you. The doctor will examine you and then you’ll know for sure, alright?” The redheaded, motherly looking woman instantly made me feel better.
I don’t know why, but in her presence I just felt calm and peaceful. 
I breathed a big sigh of relief and followed the nurse with the sweet green eyes and strong hands. 
Something about her calmness bled over to me and as she settled me into the room, drew some blood for tests, and gave me a paper gown I grew calmer.
For the first time in weeks I felt almost positive. If the test was right it would be ok. If I could live in the doctor’s office.
I gave a soft chuckle as I heard footsteps outside of the door. A knock came and I called out for the knocker to enter.
A middle aged man walked in, just as comforting and reassuring as the nurse with his calm curious voice and his reassuring eyes. He gave me a smile and examined me, not a pleasant thing on our first meeting but it was over with before I knew it.
Then the nurse came back in, a pleased smile on her face. 
“I have the results of the blood test.”

Chapter Two
I pulled into the driveway with a bag from the pharmacy beside of me, the doctor’s instructions for taking the pills still ringing in my ear. 
I took the bag with me as I walked into the house, calling out for Jake. 
He came out of the living room, an expectant look on his face.
“Well? What did the doctor have to say?” 
I handed him the bag filled with the pills and some other things I’d bought. 
I grinned as he looked into the bag then back up at me.
“What’s all of this?” He asked. His confusion was adorable. 
“This,” I said with a slow naughty grin as I took an item from the bag, “is our future.” 
I slipped to my knees, unfastening his belt and pulled down his zipper. He was hard instantly and his cock sprang free from his jeans as I pushed them down to his sock covered feet.
“Oh. If this is the future, bring it on.” He said with a laugh that cut off as my hot lips wrapped around the silky steel of his erection.
On my knees, cushioned by an old ragrug my aunt had made eons ago, I took my lover’s cock into my hungry mouth. Long and thick he slid between my slick lips, bottoming out in my throat.
“Oh fuck, Macy, that is so fucking good.” Jake moaned, his hands holding my head still for a moment. 
When his hips twitched I slid my hand up over his testicles, cupping them for a moment with a gentle touch. As I sucked back up his long length I let my hand replace my mouth.
With slow movements I leaned back and let my hand work on his spit-covered cock. My hand slid wetly over his flesh and his hips thrust forward, following my hand.
Jake gave a low grunt before he pulled me up from the floor, bringing the bag with us as he led me into the kitchen.
He placed the items on the table before he pulled up my dress, bending over to run his tongue up the globe of the right side of my ass.
There is the sunlit kitchen, Jake unwrapped a foil pack and I heard rubber being unrolled. 
“No baby then?” Jake sounded oddly disappointed. 
“No, no baby darling.” I said with a smile, my relief unmeasurable.
I’d wanted a child so desperately I’d come out here to hide from my pain of being childless. It was strange to me that I was now happy to not be pregnant.
The bag was full of condoms, birth control pills the doctor insisted I start taking until I was ready to have a child, and some pills for my stomach.
He’d explained that sometimes when women were stressed they produced just enough of the HCG hormone, the pregnancy hormone, to show up on a test, even though they weren’t pregnant. That’s what had happened to me apparently. I was baby free, the doctor was 100% certain of that.
I giggled with glee as Jake buried his face between my thighs, his tongue stabbing out to part my pink folds, dipping into my wetness.
The sensation of his hot tongue sliding around in my pussy made me squirm, it was a delicious sensation and I allowed myself to get lost in the pleasure Jake was giving to me.
I wasn’t pregnant, I’d get better, and life would go back to normal, or at least our version of normal.
I might have started out a lonely housewife but my lover’s tongue was busy proving that wasn’t the case anymore. 
“Mm, you are delicious, missus. I could eat you up. But I need to fuck you so be a good girl and bend over for me. Put your knee up on this chair so you can open wide.” He urged me to move by nudging at the back of my knee.
I shivered at his warm touch, so impersonal but somehow that touch was oh so intimate. Not a place just any man would, or could, touch you. 
I let my body relax and pushed my hips back and up, I wanted him to have easy access to what he was seeking.
Jake moved behind me, his condom-covered cock now prodding at my opening. Jake grabbed my ass and pulled gently, opening my labia wide. 
“Oh that’s what I need, right there. Pretty, and pink, and tight.” He guided himself into me, and I gasped, his invading cock stretching me wide.
“You ready for a little bit of that play stuff we talked about missus?” He asked. I knew just what he was talking about.
Ron and I played at being kinky but he was just always too afraid of hurting me or upsetting me. I found the talk about it thrilling, I found the little bit we’d played at exciting, but we’d never taken it too far.
Today was the day I got my freedom back, kind of; it was a good day to take it further.
“Yes, Jake.” I told him, holding my arms behind me. 
He took control from then. I’d refused to call him master or any of that shit, and he told me that was fine because it only made him giggle anyway. 
As he took my hands in his, holding them tight, as tight as I thought my pussy must now be gripping his cock, I let the control I maintained go. Jake was making the decisions now; Jake was going to decide what came next.
He fucked into my hot box slowly, his breath hissing a few times as he hit a spot that made me moan.
I knew deep down we were still only playing but in that moment it wasn’t play, I gave up every ounce of my will.
Jake’s hands stiffened on my wrists, and he pulled me up a few inches. 
“Stay there.” He ordered as his hand released mine to move over my hips. His hands gripped at my skin, caressing me tightly. 
His hand smoothed down to my bare bottom, his thrusting hips stilling for a moment as his hand rubbed the roundness of my ass.
“Such delicate skin, Macy. You have a beautiful ass. All of you is beautiful but any man that ever fucks you should do it like this at least once so he can get this view of your ass. I daydream about this view when I’m not with you.”
His words sent a shiver up my spine, the mention of casually fucking someone else filling my head with some ridiculously naughty, but very tempting, ideas.
I pushed back against him, trying to urge him to move once more, to fuck me.
“Unh unh, little lady. Hold still.” He gave me a light slap on my bottom and I gasped. “Liked that did you.”
“Yes.” I replied, hoping he’d do it again.
I didn’t feel subjugated or abused, I simply felt a deep pulsing within my quivering cunt, a throbbing response that gave me a whole a lot of pleasure.
“Oh somebody is a naughty little housewife, isn’t she?” He gave me another slap, a stronger stroke this time.
“Jake! Oh baby!” I moaned the word, drawing it out as I felt my body respond.
He hadn’t touched my nipples or my clit again but I was on the verge of an orgasm.
I just needed one more, just one more…and then he did it.
The hard slap against my bare flesh surely left a red mark, and as his fingers rubbed the stinging flesh, my body writhing beneath him, I heard him purr.
“That’s my sweet girl.” 
I came even harder.
We’d barely done anything, just that little bit of teasing had aroused me so much I was little more than a quivering bowl of pudding beneath him, only able to grunt as my body pulsed around him.

Chapter Three
“Oh Jake. That was incredible.” I spoke into my arm, resting beside of the head I had planted on the table, too tired to move even enough for him to hear me clearly.
“I have more in mind, my lovely, but for now, I need to come.” I felt another thrilling throbbing response deep inside of me. 
I hitched my hips up, pushing back into him as he began a slow, deep pace that resulted in his cock bottoming out just at that spot that made me moan his name once more.
“You are so responsive, Macy. I so love fucking you.”
I pushed back into him, his hands creeping up to tease my dark rose nipples into long hard points. 
I loved when he sucked on them, the drawing pressure intoxicating, but his fingers circling the outer edge of the buds was a good replacement.
His thrusts increased and we moved in time together. We were lost to the outside world and Jake was all I wanted in that moment. 
 I could hear our skin slapping together, smell the scent of our sweat, the smell of sex blending with it to create a rather heady perfume. 
I let myself go once more, following his probing cock into the depths of passion.
“Jake, give me more.” I urged him, wanting him to fuck me faster.
He obliged me, his cock pounding into me as his hips slapped at my ass. I stopped moving as he grabbed at my hips, holding me still as he fucked me.
I felt his control over me, now far more than just a game, and allowed him to set the pace, trusting him to know what I needed.
I sprawled out on the tabletop, letting him fuck me hard and good.
I felt a deep pleasure begin to spasm deep inside, a pulsing that was surely milking Jake’s hard shaft.
I regretted that he had to use a condom but until the pills kicked in I didn’t want a repeat of this month.
A split second after that thought I stopped thinking, the memory of Jake coming deep inside of me with no barrier setting off the lurking orgasm that had started out gently.
It quickly became a roaring, epic, throat-tearing scream as the orgasm ripped through my body, bowing my back as my hand scrabbled at the table for something to clench.
That was the power of Jake’s cock.
I clenched onto a cloth napkin with one hand and pushed back against him hard.
I heard a cry from Jake and felt he first pulsing throb of his own orgasm. Jake was so big you couldn’t help but know when he was coming, you felt it!
I enjoyed a few aftershocks of pleasure as he emptied himself inside of me and grinned. I knew we weren’t done for the day but that was a damn fine show.
 We caught our breath, went upstairs for a shower, and went back out to the barn.
“So, it’s just stress?” Jake asked as we swept off the floor, and sorted out vegetable crates from another section. We’d need those when it came time to harvest.
“That’s all.” I assured him, stacking the crates in a corner.
“Well, I think we can take care of some of that.” He said with a promise in his voice. 
I turned to see a rather dirty look on his face. That face screamed tickles and I hated tickles so I ran!
I ran straight into the upstairs bathroom, only slightly larger, and shut the door but I forgot to lock it. 
He pushed the door open, ran in, scooped me up, and started stripping me as I sat on his lap. 
“You are going to have a bath now, missus. You’ve been out in that barn for an hour, you’re covered in dust. I’m going to take us out to dinner tonight so get dressed after. Nothing too fancy, but something nice.” He kissed me as he leaned over to start the water.
“That’s just how you like it.” He said, flicking the plug to close it. “Get in there and relax for an hour.
I grinned at him gratefully and settled into the water.
Jake went out of the room, heading downstairs to wash up. 
He really was a great man. I wasn’t letting myself fall in love with him, no more than I would any other male friend, but I did care for him.
Not in a way I cared about most other friends. Not even the same as I cared for Ron. Just in a different way.
Jake tried to give me whatever I wanted, most of the time before I even knew I wanted it.
But he was leaving, he’d made that clear from day one. I was married of course so it didn’t matter.
Jake was man enough, though, that I’d almost consider leaving Ron if I thought Jake would stick around.
As the summer carried on though I started to catch glimpses of him staring off in the distance and I knew he was already starting to feel the call of the unknown.
All the more reason to make sure I enjoyed each moment he gave me.
I took my time, choosing a dress that I hadn’t wore since I’d left the city. 
I put it on and saw that it wasn’t as tight as it used to be. I had lost some weight.
I smiled happily as I looked in the mirror. I looked much taller in the black velvet wedge heels, and the length of bare leg between the tight body-con dress and the shoes was amazing.
My muscles had tightened, my waist narrowed, and my breasts sat a little higher on my chest. With my hair down it reached the edge of my ass. 
I smiled, my made up face sultry in the low evening light. My lips, a cherry red, smiled back at me in the mirror.
Jake came up behind me and put his arms around my waist. A pair of dark blue jeans and a blazer that enhanced his broad shoulders surprising me. The man was handsome but he cleaned up really well. 
I felt the muscles of his flat stomach against my back and the power his arms around me. Jake was a powerful man and he thrilled me.
His hands slid down my front, over my abdomen then lower, below the hem of my dress.
He tugged at the scrap of lace I wore beneath. The delicate fabric snapped and he pulled them away, stuffing the material into a pocket.
“You won’t need these tonight.” 

Chapter Four
“Are we going to make it back to the house?” I asked the question as Jake drove. His hands were once more buried between my thighs, teasing me. 
He’d had us put in a dark corner at the restaurant, a table where we could sit beside each other without others noticing us.
He had teased me all night, his fingers smoothing over the silky flesh of my barely covered thighs, travelling up to explore the dark regions beneath the hem.
He’d almost made me come as I tried to calmly eat my dessert, but I’d managed to follow his instructions. He’d leaned over as I put the first bite of cake into my mouth.
“Don’t come. I’ll go back to the bunkhouse tonight and jerk off if you do.” 
I’d shivered but managed it. I thought about how the chocolate in the cake was produced as his fingers teased my labia.
When his fingers slid between the folds I’d considered how cherries, the cherry on top of the cake for example, was grown in an orchard much like mine. I wondered how difficult cherries were to produce.
My toes clenched in my shoes as his finger slid up my labia until it finally found my clitoris. 
“Oh!” I’d breathed the word out long and low as he pressed that finger into my button, threatening to make me go off.
I knew the seat must be soaking from my juices by that point.
He’d pulled his hand away as the waiter came back, taking the bill and dropping a debit card on it.
I was on the verge of crying, the sudden removal of his finger causing something close to pain in my aching lower abdomen. I needed release!
“We’ll make it home, missus. You might not, but I will.” He removed his hand once again, needing his hand to change gears in the old truck as he turned into our driveway. 
It was just after nine pm. The house was dark but we’d left on the porch light.
“I tell you what missus. We start reaping the benefits of all of this hard work soon, a few weeks, a month at most. Let me show you fun a barn can be.” He looked over at me, his eyes shining in the moonlight. 
The hazel orbs held promises, promises of pleasure, and perhaps a little pain. But a good kind. 
I was intrigued.
“Okay.” I took his hand as he came around the truck and helped me out. 
We walked into the barn, the one lightbulb actually making the interior cozy and romantic.
“Come here.” He said, picking up a strand of rough bailing twine. “Stand in front of me.”
I held my hands out, knowing what he wanted. 
Jake wrapped my hands, not tightly but tight enough I couldn’t slip my hands free.
“Now, at any time if you’d like me to stop, you just say pizza. I’ll let you go free and we’ll stop.” He kissed me when he finished speaking and turned me around, pulling my arms up.
I saw a hook on the post in front of me, my bare arms in the sleeveless dress looking slimmer in the romantic light.
I jumped when I felt Jake pulling my hair back but he was only tying it up with a hair tie. Then he lifted the bottom of the soft stretchy material of my dress.
He walked away for a moment and when he came back I felt the cold leather of a riding crop.
“Oh.” I breathed out. This was going to be fun!
“Stand still my love.” Jake demanded. 
I stopped my feet, shifting in anticipation, and stood still, bracing my head against my arms.
I felt the first sting of the crop and cried out. 
His fingers messaged the slight welt he’d raised. 
“More?” He asked quietly. 
“More!” I needed it. I needed it so bad.
The first tap had only piqued my curiosity. I needed more.
I stood there, my fingers clenched together, anticipating the burning sting of the crop against my bare flesh. 
When it came, with a whistling swing, I knew it was going to hurt but when my knees buckled it wasn’t in pain. It was in absolute pleasure. 
“I think that’s enough.” Jake said, holding me up.
He dropped the crop and pulled me back up.
He went to his knees and held me, his tongue warming the welts up. 
His fingers found my soaking wet pussy and there, with me tethered to the post, Jake fingered my clit until I came.
I couldn’t stop it then, I sobbed, I tried to warn him, but he just shushed me and carried on.
“Let it go, missus, I think you deserve it now.” 
So I did, I let it go in an explosive wave of pleasure that seemed to never want to end.
I held onto the hook, my legs going weak as his fingers continued to tease me through wave after wave of pleasure.
When the waves started to ebb Jake gently turned me, pulling my arms down before replacing them over my head once I was facing him.
“I want you to kick those shoes off once I have you up, alright? Now, I’m going to lift you.” 
I looked down to see Jake had stripped out of his clothes and now stood before me naked. 
The man didn’t go to the gym but running a farm meant he didn’t have to. His body was just one big display of power. From his shoulders to his calves, the man was a work of well-muscled, and well-endowed, art. 
His strong arms pulled me up, his hands under my buttocks. I wrapped my legs around him and his hard cock, standing erect before him, slid right between my bare labia, impaling me instantly.
He slid in right down to the base of his cock and my legs tightened around his waist. 
For a moment I wished my breasts were bare. Jake, always intuitive, pulled my dress up and pulled my bra away. My breasts were free finally and Jake’s lips found one, then the other.
He settled on the right nipple, sucking it hard and deep as he moved within me. 
I hung there from my arms, Jake taking most of my weight, and we moved together.
His lips on my breasts urged me to stay up with him, his cock driving me, stirring me to follow along as he began to come. He didn’t have a condom but I suspected it was alright for now.
A very sweet feeling descended over me, something that told me this was going to be something I remembered for the rest of my life. I unhooked my arms from the hook and wrapped them around his neck.
He looked up as he began to come, our bodies melded together, and we stopped moving, lost in each other and the pleasure flowing out of us and into each other. I felt him imprint himself on my heart in that moment and knew I’d always have a place for him in my heart.
We let our eyes close and gave up to the orgasm. As my head fell to the crook of his neck I inhaled his scent.
I loved the way the smelled.
We stood, catching our breath, Jake untying my hands and tossing the rope away, when we heard a car pulling into the driveway.
Something told me I knew who the driver was as I scrabbled for my shoes.

Chapter Five
I walked out of the barn, straightening my dress as I heard my name being called.
“I’m over here, Ron!” I called out to him, watching his smile go from pleased to confused. Then anger took over when Jake came out of the barn. 
Jake had only put his low-slung jeans back on.
Ron could see my wrists in the bright moonlight, the red marks on them from the rope, the red flush of my cheeks that only happened when I came.
Ron looked from me to Jake, rage turning his face into a twisted mask. 
I screamed at Ron, ordering him to stop but I couldn’t stop him, he was barreling straight for Jake and there was nothing I could do to stop him. 

The End of Book 4 of 5


Thank you for reading this story!  Please remember to sign up to my newsletter The Wet Buzz for up-coming new books, special prizes, and free giveaways.  You’ll get 3 FREE books that aren’t available on Amazon!
Press Here to Sign Up and Claim Your FREE Books Now!


Visit my web site for more exciting stuff!
Questions or comments?  Please email me at: thewetbuzz@gmail.com


Macy’s Cowboy 5
by Ella Gottfried

Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from the author.
This book is a work of fiction.  Similarities to real people, places, or events are entirely coincidental.
This story has erotic themes and is suitable for adults, 18+ only.

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five


Chapter One
“Ron!” I called out to my husband as I watched him launching himself at my lover with the help of the porch lights.
Jake, to his credit, only held his arm out, blocking my husband’s blows and wild swings. 
I watched Jake dance around Ron’s flying fists, screaming at him to stop but Ron was wild, angry, and unreachable.
Jake continued his dance, moving out of Ron’s reach while keeping an eye out for anything that might trip him up. I also saw him keeping an eye on my position, making sure he drew Ron away from me.
I finally shut my mouth, knowing it was doing no good. Ron was beyond hearing me now.
I sat down on the porch steps to the white painted house, watching the two men dancing around the yard.
“Fight back, you prick! What do you call this?” Ron panted, his breath coming in quick bursts.
“This is me knowing my place, mister. I know what I am. I love your wife but she’s taken. I do have a few things I need to say to you though and if you have any sense you’ll sit down and listen to my advice, or lose your wife forever.” Jake’s face was stern, a face you paid attention to.
My heart was still wiggling over Jake’s declaration of love but I had to focus.
I expected Ron to continue his arrogant display, to order Jake off the property, anything but what he did.
“Alright.” He floored me with that one word. I expected a rebuttal, a continuation of the “fight”, not acquiescence. “What do you suggest?”
Jake sat down at the picnic table we had outside and waved at the other side. Ron shocked me again by taking a seat. 
“First of all, you all but left your wife a few months ago. You abandoned her out here when she needed you most. You came out here, had some fun, then left her. No phone calls, no nothing, you just left her. How do you think that made her feel?” Jake got straight to the point and I was silently cheering him on!
“But I…” Ron rebutted but Jake interrupted.
“No buts, buddy, you abandoned your wife. That’s was not only rude, it was callous. She doesn’t deserve that.”
Ron just hung his head.
“I watched you the last time you were here. You thought your pretty little wife just needed to get this out of her system, to play at being successful. What she needed was your support, to make her feel like she was a real person with real needs. But you blew her off and blew your chance. Maybe.”
Ron tried to speak again but Jake cut him off once more.
“Now you left her out here, what did you expect her to do? Sit around pining for you? Do you think your wife is stupid, Ron?” Jake looked at my husband quizzically. 
“No.” Ron was staring down at his hands, twisting his wedding ring.
“Then why do you take her for granted? She’s absolutely brilliant, capable, and now that she has the farm up and running she doesn’t actually need you for much. But she’s not that kind of woman is she? She loves you for some reason. I’m not the problem, Ron; I’ve only kept her company. The real problem here is you.”
“I suppose you’re right.” Ron said morosely. I almost felt sorry for him.
I couldn’t say that I was angry with him, I was resigned to him not caring more than anything. No, I don’t think I’m blameless in this situation but everything Jake said was true. Incredibly observant, and true.
“Now, I propose I go for a long ride because I’m sticking around until the harvest, but I’m going to give you two some privacy.” With that Jake got up from the table and went into the house, to retrieve his belongings I suppose.
We watched him go, me from perch on the porch and Ron from his position on the table. I had nothing much to say to him. I’d said it all a thousand times before.
“I guess I need to apologize don’t I?” Ron asked.
That struck me as oddly funny.
“You come out here and catch me with a lover and you want to apologize?” I scoffed and then looked away from him. 
“It is odd, isn’t it? But I guess you were both right. I should be angry, I know that, but the truth deflates all of that. For all you knew I’d left you. I got so caught up in work, parties, and my family pulling me away that I just put you on the back burner. I can’t say this doesn’t hurt but it’s a lesson learned isn’t it?” Ron looked hopeful, hurt, and deflated.
I rubbed at my forehead, the cool night air doing nothing to hold off the tension headache threatening to make my head explode.
“Shall we start over?” I asked, knowing deep down I didn’t want to let my relationship with Ron end. “I think we both went a little crazy when we found out about the baby situation. It changed how we looked at each other. I don’t blame you, I blame my own body, but there’s nothing wrong with us. I think that hurt more than finding out we were both sterile.” 
“Yeah, that was a giant kick in the teeth. Maybe starting over is a good idea.” Ron looked to actually be considering it. “Oddly, I was coming out to tell you I’ve almost finished up at work. I’m going to take some time off, refocus on us.” 
“Really? I assumed you were horny.” I meant it to be cutting but winced as the words came out. Starting over wasn’t going to be easy.
“Well, there’s that as well. You do look rather beautiful in that dress. Your skin is all tanned and golden. Your hair has lightened with all of that sunlight. You just look so relaxed out here, even now. You never looked like that in the city.”
“I was always tense there. It’s a hectic place and I love it there but my body hates it. My senses hate it. I’m happiest out here.” I told him with a sigh. That wasn’t something we could not negotiate on and he had to know that.
“So, we aren’t going back to the city? Does that mean never or can we make the occasional foray in for dinner or a party?” He asked, smiling over at me tentatively.
“I think once a year is enough. Can we do dinner, partying, and seeing your mother in one day?” I gave him an under the eyelashes grin.
“Ah. So you hate me for my mother!” He teased.
“Oh no, there’s your cousins and aunts and…no, I’m teasing. They take up a lot of your time. But I’d like you to really give this life a chance. It’s not very ritzy but oh the peace you get, Ron. You won’t believe it!” I told him, reaching out for him.
Jake must have gone out of the other door because I heard his truck starting up and saw it going up the driveway. We were alone at least.
“What now?” He asked, standing up from the picnic table with an emotion that looked like uncertainty, perhaps fear.
“Want something to eat?” I asked, holding my hand out with a smile.

Chapter Two
I ran upstairs and took a shower while Ron brought his bags, yes plural bags, into the house. He really had been coming to stay for a while. That was a good sign anyway.
I went back down in my robe, my hair still in a towel, and started a late supper. I wasn’t really hungry and I doubt Ron was either but I thought we both needed something constructive to do for the moment.
I prepared a couple of omelets, simple enough and tasty. I put them down on the table with some toast and we sat down to eat. I watched his fingers, his face, and felt a stir of happiness. Ron had come home finally.
We washed up the few dishes when we were done and Ron went into the bathroom for a shower. I ran into the bedroom, changing all of the bedding before he came out. I threw it all in the laundry room, threw on a silky nightgown, fluffed my hair, and got into the bed. I was flicking through the television looking for something worth watching when Ron came out.
He had one of the long white towels slung around his waist and he couldn’t have looked sexier.
My man might not have displayed much prowess with his fighting earlier but his body was sculpted by the gym.
From strong broad shoulders, to a hard defined chest and abdomen, down to well-developed calves, my man was gorgeous.
His wet blond hair looked darker but that straight grin of his was the same. He slid into bed beside of me and I slid over to let him settle.
“You don’t have to go so far away.” He said, pulling me close. 
I wasn’t sure of myself for a moment. I wasn’t ashamed of my affair with Jake but this was a different man. Suddenly Ron felt foreign, like something other, and I had to calm myself before I could relax beside of him.
Ron found one of my favorite shows, about military spouses, and we settled in with each other.
His hands brushed at my still damp hair, pulling long strands through his fingers, while my head rested against his silky smooth chest. My fingers were splayed over his taut abdomen, trying to stay still but the urge to rub at his tummy was making my fingers ache.
My nerves were jittery and I had no idea how Ron felt. He seemed to be absolutely fine; lying there like it was any other night.
I guess the whole nervousness came from the way the night had gone. One minute I was fucking Jake and the next my husband was there, trying to punch Jake out. Now I was in bed with my husband.
Didn’t I feel like a naughty girl? I did, actually, a very naughty girl. I smothered a giggle and ran my pinky under Ron’s towel edge, just a slight movement that he’d notice but wouldn’t comment on.
I pretended to be watching the television, my mind now made up about what to do.
I could feel my body responding to the thoughts I was having thoughts about moving my hand under the towel.
But then they weren’t just thoughts, my hand really was moving under the towel, seeking out his warm, still slightly damp flesh.
I loved Ron fresh out of the shower. I felt like I could slowly suck the remaining moisture on his skin right off. I shivered, thinking about it.
I heard a slight grumble of satisfaction and felt his hips twitch as my hand slid further down beneath the towel. 
By the time my hand found him his cock was hard and his breathing had changed. 
He was different from Jake, similarly toned and fit but there were variations. Ron’s hips were slightly wider, his thighs more muscular and thicker. His hands were also stronger. I remembered that when his hand delved into my hair, guiding my head to follow my hand.
I pushed my other arm behind me and bent at the hips, moving my legs to kneel over my husband.
He was here, he wanted me, and he wanted to try again. That’s all I’d ever needed from him. Somehow he was putting the Jake thing behind him, letting sense prevail, and I was grateful for that.
By the blue light cast from the television I pushed the towel down from Ron’s waist, not my lover’s, and let my eyes widen at the sight of his hard cock. We’d been apart for a long time.
I wondered if he’d fuck me tonight? That means I’d have fucked two men on the same day, within hours of each other.
That made me feel deliciously dirty, something to remember in the years to come. Jake had pushed me, given me the freedom to give up some of my control and I would adore him forever for that. But it was time to concentrate on my husband once more.
I jumped as I felt his hand on my back, pulling at the silky gown.
“I like this on you, the burgundy color is beautiful, but get it off. I haven’t seen you or touched your smooth skin in so long, Macy!” Ron’s voice urged me to shift for a moment.
He wasn’t solely worried about himself anyway. That was a good thing.
I pulled the gown off, throwing it to a corner of the bed, then went back to his hard flesh. I moved between his thighs, allowing my full breasts to envelope his cock for a moment.
I pushed down, rubbing against him as I fucked him with my breasts. 
I grinned when his hands clenched at me and he groaned.
“Oh, you like that do you?” I asked as I moved again, letting the fleshy globes massage his hard length.
“Turn around and do that.” He said, his voice raspy. 
I liked the sound of that!
I shifted around, putting my knees under his shoulders and lowering my pussy down to his face.
Ron gave a throaty chuckle before he dived into my wet folds. My juices were flowing steadily, my folds now slippery and hot as his tongue dived into me. I wanted to get his dick in my mouth but I was set up for titty fucking, not blow job.
I stopped caring when his thick lips found my clit. He’d slid his tongue between my folds, and I inhaled sharply when the darting organ found my throbbing bud. 
“Fuck!” I cried out. “Oh fuck, Ron. That is so good!”
He gave a hum of agreement and I began to move on him, not really trying for this titty fucking game, but simply unable to not move. 
I felt his head fall away as I ground down onto him and heard him moan.
“Oh, don’t you dare stop!” I cried to him.
“Baby, you are a goddess, I’m not stopping, never.” Good to his word Ron went right back to licking my pussy out good and hard.
He knew my clit was a delicate little princess but it needed a bit of convincing to get me off.
His tongue pressed harder with each stroke, his suction became stronger when he sucked, and when his thumb found my pussy I thought I was in heaven.
He slid a finger inside of me for a moment, stretching my small hole wide, and I ground down onto his face, unable to stop my hips from moving. This pushed my tits harder into his dick and I heard him moaning again.
“I’m going to come.” I warned him.
“No you aren’t.” He replied, sliding away from me.
“What the fuck, Ron?” I cried, looking at him as he stood.
“Come here.” He ordered. 
Intrigued I watched him curiously.

Chapter Three
“Sit on the edge of the bed please.” He requested. I thought he’d wanted to play some more but this was a very serious Ron.
I sat as he asked, looking down at him as he knelt at my feet.
“Macy, I’ve been a total douchebag. Maybe even the nozzle. A complete tool. No, don’t interrupt. I’ve been a horrible husband this last year. You had a dream and wanted to chase it. I not only discouraged you, I tried to make you pay for it by ignoring you. I was a very wise fellow.”
He took a deep breath as he spread my thighs.
“You are a goddess, Macy, my goddess, and I want to worship you for the rest of my life. I married you as my friend, my companion, and my chosen partner, but that’s not how I’ve treated you. I’ve treated you as an accessory to my life. That’s over with. We can live here for the rest of our lives, and I won’t care because what matters is you my love, nothing but you.” 
“I love you, Ron. I’m sorry things ended up so badly. I had my own part in this. I was so bullheaded about it but I had to do this yes. You’re going to be so surprised tomorrow. But right now, if I don’t come, I’m going to spontaneously combust.” I warned him, spreading my thighs wider as I grasped at his hair and pulled his head close to my wet flesh.
“I need you baby. Make me come.” I pleaded with him to give me release and Ron gave it his best.
My back arched as his lips found me once more, his tongue working double time to wring out every stroke of pleasure he could give me. 
His fingers found my opening once more and he plunged two inside of me, his thumb taking the place of his tongue as he moved up my body.
He took a stiff nipple between his plump lips, nibbling at it gently with his teeth before he sucked at only the bud, tugging at it so that a deep response was echoed straight down my abdomen and down to my clit. It throbbed between my labia and I gasped.
I froze as my body finally released a deep pleasure swelling, and then exploding within me. I stopped breathing as I felt the swelling pleasure, as I actually felt the minute operations of my vagina working to release the most intense orgasm I’ve had yet.
“Fuck yeah, Macy, let it go baby!” He rasped out before going back to my nipple. 
The air suddenly expelled from my lungs as the wave reached my lungs, finally releasing my lungs long enough to let me suck in another deep breath. 
I felt as though every nerve ending in my body was writhing in pleasure, every muscle was as I continued to ride Ron’s hand, his mouth still clamped tightly to my nipple sucking hard at the tender flesh.
As my brain turned to mush I felt Ron slide into me, his cock driving me higher into a realm I had never experienced with him before. I’d found that spark I thought was gone.
Ron propped my legs around his waist and he fucked me frantically, his own body straining to catch me in release.
His shout of triumph let me know he was with me as I flew away once more, my pussy pulsing around him hard, clenching him, sucking up the come he jetted into me.
“No, there will be no divorce. We’re too good together.” Ron panted out when he could speak again and we were clenched together.
I fell asleep happy, content, knowing I’d made the right choice.
I woke up the next morning, confused, lost as I realized Ron wasn’t in the house. 
“Ron?” I called out, running down the stairs.
I was greeted by Jake, not my husband.
“He’s gone, but I think he’ll be back.” Jake said, pulling me into his lap.
I fell into it, my hurt a thing that was real and hard in my chest. He held me as I cried and then he put me on my feet. He dried my tears and told me to get dressed.
“We have crops to bring in. Then I can really leave you both in peace.” He said with a smile.
I gave him a watery smile and did as he instructed. 
Feeling like glutton for punishment I brought Jake into my bedroom that evening, needing his reassuring touch. 
I hadn’t heard from Ron but I’d decided to give him his space. I supposed he’d woke up and had second thoughts. Jake tried to tell me to give him time but I needed Jake. I needed to know I was still worth it. 
We’d worked hard all day, clearing fields, the tress wouldn’t be ready until much later, but the other crops were ready. My back was killing me so Jake ran the bath and got in.
He pulled me in on top of him, sucking at my nipples as he sooth my back. 
“We won’t get to do this much more missus. Make it count.” Jake’s words, so sweet in that southern drawl, had my pussy clenching already.
I circled my hips against his hard length, more than the water wetting his dick. 
I felt the water caress me as I moved up and down on him, far too ready for him.
Our lips fused as I sank down onto him. I didn’t have a condom and didn’t care. 
Jake poured water down my hair with a cup, the heat soothing sore muscles as I moved on him.
I pulled away to look into his eyes, the clear depths telling me things he couldn’t say. The words we’d never be able to speak now.
I got out of the tub and brought him into the living room, pushing him down to the couch. 
“I want taste you.” I told him as I knelt between his legs.
I lingered over him, my mouth slicking up his cock with spit as my hand worked him. I sucked at the head while my hand jerked him off, and it wasn’t long before he was holding my head still. 
“Don’t make me come, not yet.” He begged me. “I want to come in that pussy of yours. It’s far too greedy for it not to.”
He bent me over the couch, his hand stroking the silky skin of my back down to the curve of my hips. His hands clenched at the fleshy curves, pulling me back to accept his length as he penetrated me deeply.
“Oh fuck.” I breathed out as I felt him sliding into me slowly. Inch by inch Jake’s cock slid into the place where my husband had been only a few hours ago. “Give me all of it, Jake.” 
“Tell me you love me, just this once, Macy. This is the last time I’m going to fuck you. Tell me.” He begged me, his body still.
“I love you, Jake.” I sobbed, the hurt of knowing he was leaving unbearable in that moment. 
“I love you, Macy.” He said and he began a slow-grind, each inch of his cock pleasurably grating against my pussy walls. 
I thrust back into him, my body moving in time with his.
We moved as one, slowly at first, but as the sweat started to pour from my body, as his moans grew louder, our pleasure grew. I reached beneath me, to his balls, palming the globes that held his seed. 
My wrist grazed my clit, and I gave a sobbing moan, something between pleasure and pain.
I couldn’t come, it was stuck, and the ecstasy Jake stirred within me was becoming painful, a frustration that would not release. 
I groaned, a deep mournful sound full of the longing I had within me. 
“I’ll fix it baby.” He assured me, his fingers finding my ass. 
The slick thumb of his right hand, dampened with his saliva, slid into my ass and my body finally let go. 
“Jake!” I screamed as my body bowed into a tight spasm, my back bending so far I felt my stomach on the couch, our bodies positioned sideways on the surface.
“Fucking hell, Macy! Come baby, oh fuck, that is so good!” Jake urged me on.
I could feel my pussy squeezing his dick hard, as the orgasm carried on. 
I heard him gasp and stiffen behind me, his body tensing as the first jet of his come sprayed into my walls. 
His body thrust into mine as he lost control, losing himself inside of me, in the pleasure of my moist walls.
He pulled away as his cock started pulsing, pulling me into his lap. 
“I’m leaving tomorrow. I’ve got somebody to come and help you. If I don’t go tomorrow I’m not going to be able to leave. You and Ron deserve a chance. I can’t jeopardize that for you.” 
“Jake, no!” I protested but he stopped me. 
“No, it’s for the best, Macy. It’s how it has to be. I’ll be fine. I swear. I’ll send you a post card from Alaska.” He smiled but I didn’t see it. I was too busy crying in his arms.  

Chapter Four
“Shall I stop back in next year?” Jake asked as he finished packing his truck up.
“I’d like that.” I said with a sad smile. 
“Bill should be out soon. You take care, Macy. And thank you. You gave me back a part of myself.” He said as he pulled me into his arms once more.
“So did you, Jake. Thank you for all of your help. With everything.” 
“Ron will be back soon enough and you’ll be glad to see the back of me. Take care of yourself, Macy. I’ll see you next year.” 
He gave me one last kiss, our lips melding together for one last magical moment, and then he was gone. He was in the old truck climbing up the dusty driveway to the road, and then he was too far away for me to see. My cowboy was gone.
Soon enough the man he’d sent out arrived and we worked hard to get the crops in. For a week we worked from sunup to sundown, pulling in crops that we’d load into large trucks that carried the product off to buyers Jake had arranged. I’d made a small fortune with my crops.
When Ron drove up a week after he left and saw the empty fields he was amazed. It was a Saturday, and the first day I’d not had to get up at dawn. I was sitting on the porch swing with a cool glass of lemonade in a sky blue sundress. 
“Wow. Mace? You’ve done all of that in a week?” He waved at the fields in amazement. 
“Yeah, something isn’t it? Wait until you see what I got for it. We won’t have to work for two years if we’re frugal.” I said with a proud laugh.
“And Jake?” Ron asked tentatively. He didn’t want to step on my toes obviously.
“He left the day after you. He’s in Alaska now. It’s finished.” I assured him. 
“Right. So, when do the trees have to be harvested?” He asked as he sat on the porch.
“In a few months, the olives have to turn black. They won’t do that until the weather changes. And the light I suppose.” I said kicking my leg to make the porch swing rock.
“Cool. And will I be here then?” He asked.
“That’s up to you, darling. I’d love to have you here but I can understand if this isn’t the life for you.” I said, understanding now that he needed to be happy too. It wasn’t just about me.
It never really had been, not really, but I had needed more than he was giving me.
“I have to give it a try don’t I? Isn’t that how this is supposed to work? Trade offs?”
“It’s supposed to be yes.” I looked up at him with a smile as he sat down on the swing beside me, taking my legs so he could place them across his lap.
“We alone here?” He asked as his hands wandered up my smooth calves. 
“Oh yes, quite.” I said with a grin.
“So I could do this and nobody would know?” Ron slid his hand up to my thigh, my limbs falling open as his hand slid between them.
He found my bare labia, pantie-less and smooth.
“Oh indeed.” I said, my breath catching in my suddenly dry throat.
“And if I bent you over that railing, lifted the dress, and fucked you?” He was teasing me verbally and physically.
“Nobody would ever know.” I said as my eyes closed at the vision his words produced. 
“Do you want me here forever, love?” Ron asked, stopping suddenly.
“I do.” I echoed our marriage vows.
“Then here is where I’ll be. I’m never leaving. All of our things from the city are coming Monday. I’ve quit my job, this is our life now. You are my life.”
Ron pulled me into his arms and the swing immediately dumped us out.
We laughed on the floor, our limbs tangled together as his lips came down to mine. The sun was going down, we’d be in the shadows soon but I didn’t care if anyone saw us.
I let it all go as Ron’s tongue tangled with mine, I let Jake go, the heartbreak of being childless, the hurt of Ron’s rejection. I let it all go and we started over as his hands pulled the dress from my body.
Just as he promised me Ron brought my body to the height of arousal, leaving me on the brink of orgasm, naked on the porch, as he stood me up and urged me to bend over the thick porch rail.
I leaned over, my hips waving in anticipation of his touch as he pulled his own clothes off.
His fingers teased me for a moment, and then he was inside of me.
I’d had my eyes closed but they flew open as he entered me, the slick arousal of my body allowing him an easy entry.
I shuddered long and hard, my husband stretching my internal muscles, a pleasurable feeling.
I braced myself on the rail, the fact that I was outside, where anyone could see me, was a new arousal I’d not shared with Ron.
His hands grasped my hips as he started his pacing, a slow stroking steady movement that soon had me panting.
My breasts swung beneath me and I longed to have them touched but Ron’s fingers found my clit and I forgot to care about my nipples. 
We fucked there on the porch, our need something that could not be contained and wasn’t going to wait until we got inside of the house.
Ron turned me suddenly, pulling me up into his arms as he pushed me back against the wall of the house.
My strong legs clasped around his hips as he fucked into me, pounding me into the wall fiercely.
“I love you, Macy.” The words sounded like he was swearing.
“I love you, Ron.” I swore back, meaning it but concentrating on getting off. I was almost there.
I pushed myself back up against the wall and at last his lips found my nipples. 
I wrapped my hands around his neck, my hands in his blond hair, as I let him pound into my pussy and oh it was so good.
I cried out as I started to come, his groin pressing into my clit as his cock stroked my pussy until it purred. 
I pulsed around him, my body working hard to release all of the energy it was producing.
He came with me, his own cry coming soon after mine. We clung together as we both shook, our bodies feeding each other, feeding the pleasure we were sharing.
We were going to be alright. I knew that know. We were going to be just fine. 
As I sank to my knees a few moments later to clean him up, to get him off once more, his hands plunging into my hair, I knew we were going to be just fine. Ron had come home finally.

Chapter Five
One year later I was sitting on the porch swing, my two month old daughter feeding at my breast as Ron brought in the harvest.
The doctor had been right. We’d just needed to relax. 
I looked up as I saw an old truck coming up the driveway. It stopped halfway. Close enough to see but not close enough to disturb. 
I lifted an arm. A few moments later an arm lifted back in response. 
He was alright then. 
I was glad. I smiled as Jake backed away.
I kissed Annabelle’s sweet baby head, happy with my world just as it was. 
Jake had given me that but Ron had made it what it is. We’d made it what it is. And now we had our daughter. We surely couldn’t ask for more than that. 

The End of the Story
Thank you so much for reading…



Thank you for reading this story!  Please remember to sign up to my newsletter The Wet Buzz for up-coming new books, special prizes, and free giveaways.  You’ll get 3 FREE books that aren’t available on Amazon!
Press Here to Sign Up and Claim Your FREE Books Now!


Visit my web site for more exciting stuff!
Questions or comments?  Please email me at: thewetbuzz@gmail.com


Katya’s Secret Lover
by Ella Gottfried

Copyright © 2015 All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from the author.
This book is a work of fiction.  Similarities to real people, places, or events are entirely coincidental.
This story has erotic themes and is suitable for adults, 18+ only.

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five


Chapter One
“Katya, I have to cancel our dinner plans this evening, I had to take over a flight honey. Could you possibly tolerate one more dinner without me?” My husband George, an airline pilot, broke the bad news with a teasing air.
I have to admit, something snapped inside of me with that careless teasing.
It was as though George thought I really didn’t care if he was around or not. I just lived my life separate from him and for the most part, he was right.
That’s what burned me up so much sometimes; life was easier when George was away flying. Marriage wasn’t supposed to be that way.
I was lonely and that fed my anger sometimes. Well, it isn’t really anger, is it? The feeling that fills me at times is resentment. 
George doesn’t want me to have friends he hasn’t approved of and he’s hardly ever home to do that. He isn’t violent towards me or cruel but his displeasure displeases me so I end up caving into his every desire to keep things smooth at home.
I grew up in a household where my parents were constantly bickering and yelling, and it made coming home from school something I would dread. 
Now that I’m the adult I refuse to have the same kind of life. I want a pleasant and secure life and George provides that for me.
I shouldn’t really complain, George provides so well for me. But I’m lonely, spending weeks at home alone sometimes.
Generally I maintain a pleasant, cheerful outlook though. I’m just down today. 
We were supposed to have dinner and start our first attempts at creating a real family tonight. I’d even bought new lingerie. 
Oh well. Putting the phone down when George hung up with a rushed goodbye, I went into our bedroom and turned my laptop on. Another night of ordering in it was then.
The next evening George came home, took me out to dinner, and brought me right back home. 
Over dinner my inner turmoil continued as I noticed, for the first time, how selfish George truly was.
He didn’t actually ask me what I wanted to eat; he simply ordered a low-fat, low-taste meal for me with a glass of water.
I watched with curiosity as we ate in silence. He never tried to engage me in conversation and snapped his fingers for the waiter to order himself a drink.
He didn’t ask if I’d had enough to eat, or if I was ready to leave, he just ordered a lone drink. He sat sipping it slowly, despite me twiddling my thumbs for a half hour as he nursed the apparently bottomless snifter of brandy. He just stared into the brandy and thumbed his phone.
He just accepted that I was fine sitting there with no dessert and no drink of my own. I controlled my anger, telling myself to not cause a scene, to let it go. The mantra worked after a while.
I used to think George was complicated but now I’m wondering. So many traits that I used to dismiss as George’s complications were now clearly self-absorption. 
Even the way we had sex was geared toward George’s satisfaction and his lazy streak.
He pulled me to him as we walked into our bedrooms and I felt a faint stirring in my loins, as though a memory of something important was trying to surface.
I knew if I allowed myself, I would feel the yearning that should lead to fulfillment. I knew it wouldn’t though.
George’s thick lips should have been sensual, tempting me to lick and bite at the luscious flesh but I just wanted him to get the whole thing over with so I could take a shower and go to sleep.
Tonight he must have wanted to torment me, however. He pulled my blouse out of my skirt, running his hands up to my bra covered breasts, clamping the nipples tightly, stirring sensations I’d rather ignore.
I bit back a moan as his lips brushed at my neck and pulled away, bending over the bed.
This was his favorite position and I wanted to tempt him to hurry. But George wanted more tonight.
He slid the tight skirt down my hips and flicked the garter holding up my stockings. 
The sensation sent a thrill through me and I couldn’t help the moan I gave in response.
It was such a dirty thing for George to do, flicking my garter like that. George didn’t do dirty, he did perfunctory, getting off, then going to sleep.
He never cared about whether I got off or not and so I’d learned to suppress my urges until he was gone and I could masturbate myself to ecstasy. 
But something was slightly different and I waited, hoping, excited.
Then I felt his fingers sliding into my pussy and I gasped, letting the excitement run free. He’d actually touched my wet lips!
But then I felt it, the tip of his cock sliding into me. He’d only been pushing my panties aside!
I felt the crushing disappointment roll over me and my back curved, defeat mimicking passion for the moment, at least as far as George was concerned.
Even the way we had sex was selfish. He didn’t want to look at me, he didn’t want to see me, he just needed to feel my clenching pussy so he could get off and then get off of me.
I waited for the end and then crawled to my side of the bed, resentment building within me.
I reminded myself that this is what I’d wanted, this is what I’d craved as a younger woman, staring into his green eyes and stroking his light blond hair. I’d wanted security, not passion.
Passion led to arguments and I wanted none of that. So maybe I shouldn’t be so angry, so resentful? He was only giving me what I wanted, after all.  
Taking a shower after George started to snore I wondered if I was lying to myself to protect my illusions or to keep myself from doing something drastic.

Chapter Two
George left out again the next morning, he didn’t even bother to tell me goodbye, just sent me a text saying he was gone.
Sighing as I heard the phone going off, I went into the bathroom to take another shower, did my hair, and put on my makeup. 
I don’t know why I bothered, nobody was going to come to the house, my parents lived in Colorado now and his lived in New York. All of my friends from college had moved on and had their own lives. 
Staring into the mirror, seeing the sadness reflected in my own heart-shaped face, the slouch of my high cheekbones, and the dark blue of my eyes, I knew I had to do something.
I was dying here, slowly, and my life was going to have been meaningless. I wasn’t even a good wife because my husband was never home for me to be a wife to.
Going into the closet I found a pair of dark blue jeans, a light cotton shirt, a very fine, light, black leather coat, and put on a pair of high-heeled black boots. 
Looking into the mirror I saw a pretty woman made much taller by the heels of the boots, much taller than my 5 foot 7. My straight blond hair was flowing down my back and I looked pretty good. Perhaps a little plump from sitting around so much, but not unpleasantly so.
George didn’t want his wife to work and there was only so much to do when you all but lived alone. I didn’t even need a maid because I picked up after myself.
Pulling the jacket taught over my chest I smiled. I still had it, I thought, as I saw the shape of my outline and how far my chest stuck out at the top. Yep, I may be 29, but my now smiling blue eyes took in a reflection that could still be attractive to others.
Not that I was planning anything, it was just nice to know that as a woman I was still attractive, even if it was only me telling myself that.
I wasn’t sure where I was heading, I was just heading out. I had an idea as I was backing out of our home in a suburb of Asheville, North Carolina, however.
There was a flea market I’d wanted to go to but I’d been waiting for George to go with me. I knew where it was so I headed in that direction.
I spent a few hours, aimlessly walking through the stalls, looking for supplies for my doll-making and sculpture projects. 
I’d put the projects away when George and I were married, thinking they were childish things that needed putting away, but now I longed to create something. I bought a few things and carried them back to the car.
As I got back into the car I felt in my back pocket, planning to take out my phone and charge it but realized my phone wasn’t there.
Where was it?
Slightly panicked I went back through every stall asking vendors if I’d left the phone and finally went to the office to report the phone lost. 
I went back to the car, wishing I’d thought to get a model with a phone connection of its own and realized I’d left the phone sitting on the kitchen counter. I could see it sitting there clear as day and knew when I got home that’s where it would be.
Kicking myself mentally I started the car and took the long stretch of quiet road that kept me off the highway but made the drive a little longer.
I liked the scenery better and preferred the quiet pace to the rush of the highway.
I was climbing up a hill, foot down at 55 mph, when a large black blur darted in front of me. I swerved to miss the animal, not sure what it was, and ran onto the verge on the side of the road.
I heard a loud pop and the passenger side of the front of the car sank a few inches. 
Oh great! A flat tire!
Not sure of what to do I looked down at my boots. They were not very practical for walking around a flea market in, but even less so for trekking up the road after dark. 
No phone, no houses or buildings nearby. Time for a walk. Or I could just wait for a car to come by.
Surely a car would come by? I gulped and turned the emergency flashers on, hoping that didn’t kill my battery as well.
I waited for an hour and not a soul went by. Not even someone on a bike.
Sighing deeply, I got out of the car and started up the road. 
I didn’t have far to walk, less than a mile, and I came to a biker bar. Not the kind of place I’d normally go in but desperate times and all that.
I went into the bar, ignoring the catcalls of the more inebriated customers, and walked up to the bartender.
“What can I get you?” the mouthwateringly handsome man across from me asked.
“Um. Well, I just wanted to ask…”
“What’s that? Speak up little darlin’, I’m in a bit of a hurry here.” The man, his voice was sexy and gravelly. It made my knees weak and my throat dry.
“May I borrow your phone please? Or, could you call me a tow truck? My car has a flat just up the road and I don’t have my phone with me.” 
“Sure little darlin’ but I doubt you’re going to get anyone out here. They like staying on the highways now. Just give me a minute and I’ll get back to the office and grab the phone. Can I get you a drink while you wait?”
I ordered an imported beer and sat on a bar stool, hoping I’d be left in peace. I’d heard about these kinds of places. How incredibly wild they are, how odd stuff happens in them.
I was just a little frightened and hoped he’d hurry with that phone.
I went through another beer before he finally brought the phone to me.
I reached into my wallet and found the card for my roadside assistance service and dialed the number. 
“I’m afraid it’s going to be about three hours before we can get anyone out there, ma’am. We had a pileup on I-40 and all of our units are on that. Would you like me to send someone?” The female voice on the other end of the line said with some pity.
“Um, no, thank you. I’ll see if I can find some other option.” I told the woman, setting the phone down, worry on my face.
“No good news?” The southern twang in the man’s voice just made me smile.
“No, but perhaps you could help me out? Do you know anyone that could change the tire?” I asked, quirking an eyebrow at him flirtatiously. 
The beer was starting to work already.
“Sure. I could change it for you when I get off of work. I have about 30 more minutes then I’m done. Would that suit you?” 
“Oh that would be perfect, um, what is your name?” I asked, shyness suddenly taking over so I looked down at the hand I was holding out wondering if he’d take it, almost hoping he wouldn’t.

Chapter Three
“I’m Gage, Gage Edwards. We’ll get out of here in a few minutes.”
I watched the man, the graceful way he moved behind the bar; masculine but fluid. 
I looked down the length of his body as he stood talking to a woman at the other end, the tight black t-shirt he had on defining each line of his muscles, the cargo pants he wore tight over a firm round ass made for holding onto.
All in all, Gage was a beautiful man. But I’m a married woman.
Breathing out forcefully I tried to remind myself to be a good girl. 
The man’s slow smile as he turned from the woman gave me pause. That was a confident, knowing smile, and the wink he gave me let me know I was next on his list.
A player. That was the term we used in college for men like this.
Oh, but wouldn’t it be fun? Just once to let loose and play with someone that knew how to get a woman off? 
Just once to feel pleasure filling my body, that couldn’t be too much to ask for could it? 
I pondered the question as I twisted my wedding band around my finger. 
George was unfaithful, I knew that. I’d seen the emails making plans in Paris with flight attendants, the texts with strangers in London and Tokyo. I accepted it though. It was a man’s prerogative.
I couldn’t do the same, could I? 
Gage walked by me and I could smell his cologne. Something deep inside of me started to ache and I thought that I could entertain the idea a little more.
But then I’d stop. I had to. I was a good girl.
Gage walked back to me and I perked up, pulling myself away from thoughts of what might be beneath those clothes he had on. 
I was going to allow myself to imagine whatever I wanted to but I’d stop on actually acting on any of it. That was the deal I made with myself anyway.
We soon left, driving to my car on his black and chrome motorcycle. 
The idea gave me pause, I’d never been on a motorcycle before but I decided to brave it and put on the helmet he gave me.
The ride wasn’t very long but it was long enough to let me know I was hooked. The vibration of the machine between my thighs, the forced intimacy of being so close to Gage, and the absolute feeling of freedom had me holding my face into the wind.
I could have screamed in joy but had to cut back a moan of disappointment as he slowed down. My luxury car was awesome and one of my most prized possessions up until that point in my life. Now I wanted a motorcycle!
Gage slid off the bike, his right leg rubbing my thighs as he did so, and went over to inspect my car.
“Ah, I think you’re going to have to wait for a tow truck little darlin’, I can see from here that the rim is warped. You must have hit it pretty hard.” Gage was crouched down looking at the rim before he looked up at me, now standing beside him.
My spirits fell then. How was I going to get home?
“They said it would be hours before they could get out here. Maybe I should go back and call a taxi at the bar?” I asked, knowing the obvious answer was to do just that.
“You could do that, or I could just take you home.” He offered with a very appealing grin.
There was no seduction in it, no promises, just a grin of happiness at being able to offer aid to someone.
“Oh, I couldn’t ask you to go that far out of your way.” I rushed to say. 
“I’d love a long ride after such a hard day. It clears my head. I wouldn’t mind at all.” He offered once more.
“Well, if you’re sure it’s no trouble?” I asked, the temptation to get back on that bike once more too strong to resist.
“Come on, hop back on.” He patted the seat with a smile, putting his own helmet back on.
I slid in behind him and let my ass rest against the backrest. Taking a deep breath, I wrapped my arms around his waist and held my breath as he moved us onto the road carefully.
The minute he opened the throttle my heart swelled and I started to laugh. This was heaven!
He drove for a half hour, following my hand gestures, until we arrived at my door.
In that time my body had grown warm and I’m sure there was a damp patch in the crotch of my jeans. 
Being so close to him and resting my head on his back as we rolled under the moonlight had given my head time to fill with fantasies about Gage and I engaged in activities that were likely impossible on this bike. 
I’d had to stop myself from moaning several times and as I walked up to my door, drunk from the ride, the fresh air, and the little bit of alcohol left in my veins I decided to invite Gage in.
He walked me up to the door and I looked over my shoulder as I pushed the lock in and nudged the door open with my shoulder.
“Come in, why don’t you?” I hoped my eyes were inviting, maybe even sexy.
I’d never played the seductress before but I let nature and instinct guide me.
I’d decided in the last part of that ride to let myself be free for one night and take what I wanted. 
If Gage would give me what I wanted I’d gladly take it. 
“That’s kind of you, thank you.” He responded as he followed me into the large house at the end of the row of houses. 
We went through a closed hallway to the living room and I went to the drinks tray.
“Can I offer you anything?” I asked, an eyebrow quirked.
“Scotch if you have it but only one.” He said back, the low light in the room making his features dark and mysterious.
“Oh, you can have whatever you like.” I offered as I poured the drink, pouring one for myself. I needed the fortitude.
“So you live here with your husband?” He asked the question leading into another.
“Yes, he’s a pilot. I think he’s flying to Singapore tonight. Tomorrow he’ll head to Moscow.”
“Ah, so he’s away often.” Gage asked with a sip of his drink. 
He hadn’t sat down but stood against a bare section of wall. I moved closer to him, inhaling his scent as I did so.
“Yes, he is.” I said as I pressed into him, pressing my lips to his. 
This was the make or break it moment. Would he kiss me back? And would I let it go further?

Chapter Four
Gage inhaled sharply, his lips pressing back into mine, his hand coming up to hold my face in place. 
I moved closer, pressing my firm breasts into his chest and placed my hands on both sides of his head on the wall.
I took a dominant stance, something I never do, and wiggled at the thrill the move gave me.
My hard nipples pressed into his t-shirt through my thin lace bra and the thin cotton of my shirt.
In the boots we were almost on par when it came to height but Gage was still taller than me. My hands reached up to press against the wall and that pressed my chest even more firmly into his.
His head bent down to prolong the kiss, to tease my lips with his own as his hands wrapped around my waist to my ass. 
Gage shifted against the wall, his legs spreading to cradle me between his thighs. 
I eagerly pressed into him, feeling his erection instantly.
No thoughts of George or being married intruded, just Gage and his heat filling my senses as our mouths tangled together eagerly.
His hands moved to my hair and I slid my own down the wall to brace myself against him. 
His hands tangled in my hair and his lips broke away from mine. 
“You sure about this?” his voice intruded into my thoughts, my lips still searching his out.
“Yes.” A simple answer but one that was so significant.
I’d just declared my own needs, my own stand, and my betrayal of my cheating husband. It was time for me, I’d deal with the rest later. 
“I want you. Don’t stop.” I murmured against his neck as he leaned his head back so I could bite at his neck more.
“Whatever you desire, Katya.” He sighed out as his hands pulled me to him once more. 
I thrust my hips into him before moving away, pulling him up the stairs to the second floor of the house and down the hall to the guest room.
We fell onto the bed together, me on top of Gage. I shifted to straddle him and removed my top, flinging my bra away as I pulled at his shirt with the other hand.
I wanted to feel his skin against mine. I needed to taste him. I didn’t care if he touched me at the moment but I did care about touching him.
I hung over him, my hair a screen until he gathered it up to watch me in the pale light from the moon.
My lips tasted his scent, a mixture of cologne and Gage’s own scent. My tongue felt silken skin bare of hair, and my breasts felt that same silken skin and the heat as my nipples slid down his chest.
I worked my way down, over the muscles in his abdomen, over his bellybutton, and down to the flat area hidden by his jeans.
I pulled the buttons free, popping the entire row as I held my breath, waiting to see him.
He was strong, hard, and even his cock was tanned. I took the silken flesh in my hand and pumped him, listening with pleasure as he groaned. 
I moved my mouth to him, flicking my tongue out to taste him. 
Then I swallowed his cock, letting him fill my mouth with his flesh as he thrust up into my throat. 
He moved beneath me, taking some of my control, and I enjoyed it.
My pussy was hot, dripping wet, and throbbing to be touched, my nipples achingly hard, twin raspberry nubs. 
But I wanted to do this; I wanted to suck him off. I wanted his come in my mouth. 
“No, stop. I don’t want this to end just yet.” Gage said as I felt his cock swelling in my mouth, my spit making my lips slide up and down his shaft easily.
He was a large man, in every way, and his cock had all of my attention. Apparently the rest of him wanted some as well.
He pulled me up then rolled over, pushing his pants off of his feet after kicking off his boots. He leaned away, sliding my own boots off then pulling my panties down with my pants. 
Gage looked down at me, an intense look of admiration spreading over his face.
“I wanted to kiss your little elfin face all night. I watched you when I could tonight, and oh the things I want to do to you!” He whispered as his lips traced down my hip.
I had an idea of where he was heading but I’d never experienced that before. He was going to go down on me and I held my breath, anticipating the sensations I was about to experience.
As his lips slid over my bare pussy, down into my glistening lips, I lost all ability to think or anticipate, and could only cry out in pleasure as Gage began a full frontal assault. 
That feeling I’d learned to suppress with George flared inside of me, became a consuming fire, as Gage’s hands spread my lips apart, bringing my clit out into the open.
His tongue stroked up from the bottom of the bud, sending stars shooting up my stomach. I gasped, my hips pressing down into his face.
“Don’t stop.” I sobbed out as his tongue moved away only to return.
His tongue stabbed at my clit, flicking at it mercilessly. 
The feeling spread and it became difficult to breathe because I kept forgetting to. 
I looked down at his head between my thighs, watching as his mouth moved over me in the pale light and suddenly my thighs were clamping around his head, my body convulsing in a pleasure I’d never known before, not even on my own.
My cries filled the air and the joy of coming with a partner left me drifting as my body twisted of its own accord. I was lost in the beauty of it as Gage drove me on, a new one starting as the old one ended. 
It felt like hours I was lost in this euphoric dream but I eventually came down and the sky was still dark.
Gage gave a grunt of satisfaction, pulling something from his pants and sliding it onto his cock, before moving between my thighs.
He pulled me further up the bed then rejoined me, our bodies straining towards each other in the dark.
My legs went around his hips, eagerness ruling my actions, and finally Gage was inside of me, filling my completely.
I’d grown accustomed to a few strong pumps before the collapse, but Gage was something different entirely.
He slid into me slowly, watching my face as he did so.
“Beautiful.” He whispered down to me, his face a mask of pleasure. “I knew you’d have a tight pussy, but not that tight.”
I grinned up at him as he started to move within me, his body brushing against my own. 

Chapter Five
Gage was an attentive and inventive lover. 
He started slow and gentle, then moved into a faster pace, pulling my legs over his shoulders as he knelt above me.
“How’s that darlin’, that good?” He asked as he pumped into me, my gasps the only answer I could give.
I threw my head back as my body started to spasm once more, holding onto him with my clenching hands as my pussy worked to pull him even deeper . 
“That’s fucking gorgeous, Katya, your mouth open wide,” he paused as he ran a finger over my lips, his hips not stopping their thrusting. “I want to fill your mouth again; you have a fucking beautiful mouth.” 
His words drove me on, sending me even deeper as he watched me with avid interest.
Then his body stopped moving and Gage spoke through gritted teeth.
“I’m coming.” Watching him was beautiful and it made me clench around him again.
How was it possible for the pleasure of someone else to fill you with so much pleasure, I wondered? All evening Gage’s gasps and his moans, had all filled me with pleasure.
Gage moved away from me, pulling me to his incredible body in spoon fashion as he kissed the back of my neck.
I knew this wasn’t going to be our only encounter with that simple gesture. I’d started an affair, an addiction, and it would have to be a secret. But it would be my secret.
The End of Book 1 of 5


Thank you for reading this story!  Please remember to sign up to my newsletter The Wet Buzz for up-coming new books, special prizes, and free giveaways.  You’ll get 3 FREE books that aren’t available on Amazon!
Press Here to Sign Up and Claim Your FREE Books Now!


Visit my web site for more exciting stuff!
Questions or comments?  Please email me at: thewetbuzz@gmail.com


Tasteful Temptation
by Ella Gottfried 

Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from the author.
This book is a work of fiction.  Similarities to real people, places, or events are entirely coincidental.
This story has erotic themes and is suitable for adults, 18+ only.

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five


Chapter One
Wolf bustled about in the bedroom as Cossette sat on the couch, arms crossed. She couldn’t believe it. Once again, her husband had chosen his friends over her for yet another weekend. Once again, she’d have to spend it entirely alone. 
It was the same thing, week in and week out. Monday through Friday, she cooked a good, hot dinner for him to come home to. Cossette ensured that his clothes were properly pressed and washed. She stayed home and cleaned. She did everything a good housewife was supposed to do, according to the church teachings she’d so faithfully followed throughout her life. 
And for what? Wolf seemed less and less appreciative of her efforts. In fact, not only did they go unnoticed, but they often were pointless to start with. Wolf made a habit out of skipping dinner at home to go to a restaurant with friends. And these friends? Well, Cossette’s suspicions about them grew. 
“Coco, where are my socks? The ones I wear with my formal suits, I mean,” he asked, voice muffled as he rummaged around in the closet. 
“Find them yourself,” she huffed in response, twirling a strand of auburn hair between her fingers. 
“Look, don’t give me a hard time, okay?” he asked, almost pleadingly. “This is important to me.”
“Then why can’t I come along?” she pressed. “It seems you have so many important things to do outside of our home. Where do I come into all of this?” 
Wolf appeared from the darkened doorway of their bedroom. He ran his fingers through his hair, a pressed expression on his face. “You’re not interested in any of this stuff. This is a bachelor party. We’re going to a strip club. Want to see barely clothed women dancing around?” 
“Sinful,” she hissed, looking back down at the skirt she mended carefully. “Of course I’m not interested in that. But, what about that dinner you went to the other week for your work? You didn’t invite me there. I would have loved to attend. And what about that birthday party one of your friends had? You never asked if I wanted to go.” 
“You wouldn’t have fun, Coco,” he sighed, exasperated. “You always talk about how sinful and bad these things are. They all include alcohol. Things like that.” 
“You never give me a chance. Maybe if my husband were to make it a point to include me in these events, I could enjoy them.” 
“I did once. That New Year’s party a year ago. Remember? You hated it.” 
“I hated it because I felt left out.” She retorted. “You were all about speaking to the other women there. And the other men. Never even said a word to me the whole time. Flirting. Talking business. Smiling. Things you never do with me, even in the privacy of our home.” 
“Well, if you’re going to pout about it, then that’s your problem.” Wolf threw some clothes into the suitcase that lay open on the bed. 
“It’s always my problem.” 
“I have plenty to say about you, too, Coco,” he continued. “We haven’t fucked in, what, three months?” 
Cossette winced at the word ‘fuck.’ It sounded so primal, wrong, and un-Christian. She had to admit that she felt like a failure when it came to their intimacy. But what was she to do? She couldn’t bring herself to enjoy sex with someone who was so disconnected to her. Her own husband. 
“Well, maybe if you tried to spend time with me, things would be different.” 
“I’m here just about every night, Cossette. You know where to find me.”
“No. No, you’re not. You’re at the office, your parties, your business trips. When you get home, you eat in complete silence. Never ask about my day. Never ask about church. Never tell me anything about your day or work.” A prick from the tip of the needle she used startled her. A small drop of blood formed on the tip of her finger. 
“You don’t want to hear about it. Maybe if you loosened up a little, we’d have more things to talk about. I mean, my God, you’re so uptight.” 
Cossette’s heart sunk. She’d done everything in her power to live a pure, Christian life. The preacher taught that living this way would bring nothing but blessings and God’s grace. But, now, she questioned this as she watched her husband. He lived deliciously. Always going to parties or gatherings. Consuming alcohol. She got the sense that he’d be just fine without her. 
But she continued to sit in the pews of the church. Every Sunday morning and evening. Every Wednesday night. A devout member of the Flower Committee, United Women’s Group, and Sunday school. She read her Bible daily without fail. So, why was her marriage failing her? 
“I’m just living the Christian lifestyle. We took vows to each other, Wolf. We ought to honor them.” 
“No offense, Coco,” Wolf sighed, stretching out. “But church doesn’t always have the answer to everything. Listen, you ought to let yourself live a little bit. You’ve got to figure that out. We’re both still young. You’re only young once in this life. Try to figure out how to enjoy it. But be fair to me. It’s not my job to show you how to enjoy it. That’s yours.” 
“Well, if you’d include your own wife…” she began, but her voice trailed off. She knew Wolf wasn’t going to hear it. He’d made up his mind. 
“Listen, I’m going to get some shut eye. I need to be on the road early tomorrow.”
“For your strippers and alcohol and parties,” Cossette hissed. 
“Yup,” he replied, curtly and irreverently. “So, I’m going to bed. If you want to stew over your issues, do so. Goodnight.” He shut the door behind him. Cossette listened to the rustles of sheets and covers as he got into his bed. She remained alone sitting on the couch, once again dissatisfied. 

Chapter Two
Cossette’s relationship with Wolf hadn’t always been this cold and distant. When she was eighteen, Cupid struck her heart with the arrow of lust and love. The striking young man with searing blue eyes and a strong, dark features caught her by surprise during a church service one morning.
He glanced at her from a few pews ahead. Their eyes locked. Cossette’s heart fluttered mercilessly. She feared the preacher would hear it beating, attempting to crack open her ribcage. After the service, Wolf asked her to lunch. Of course, she agreed, falling victim to his confidence and attractiveness. 
Cossette was a shy, quiet girl – especially when it came to men. But, somehow, Wolf charmed her into a social butterfly. She loved that he respected her desire for modesty and purity until marriage. They both had a few close calls between them. Heavy moments thick with desire and pulsing, fleshy fever that nearly drove them into nakedness with each other. But Cossette, strong in her beliefs, refrained. 
Within six months, they were married. Like many young loves, they were both powerless to each other. Cossette saw herself with Wolf forever. He was her special knight in shining armor, the man who would complete her. They would make a home together, have children, attend church… Their plans seemed ceaseless. 
And the first two years were dreamy, wonderful years. Wolf attended church with her at least once per week. He was busy finishing his studies as a lawyer and working a job. But he always found time for her and the things she cared about. They made love at least four times a week, if not every day. Cossette would make trips to his office for lunch, bringing him a fresh, hot meal. 
But those loving habits began to fade over the next two years. The love making decreased. Now, she and Wolf only had sex about once a month at most. It wasn’t even something Cossette would call ‘love making.’ Just sex. Simple satisfaction of a momentary, fleshly need. No connection or affection involved. 
The trips to his office ended one day when Wolf got angry with her for interrupting a meeting with a client. Typically, this never bothered him before. But things changed. 
“Um, Coco, let me talk to you outside for just a sec,” he said stiffly, just as Cossette turned to leave. They walked outside. Wolf leaned against her car, pressing his lips together. “You’re going to have to stop coming over to my office.”
“Why?” she asked, startled by this sudden change. 
“Because it’s kind of a distraction. You just interrupted a meeting with a very important client with a very important case. I can’t let you just waltz in when I’m discussing serious case details.”
“Well, you could let me know,” she pressed. “I like coming to visit you. It gets lonesome at the house during the daytime.” 
“Well, it’s got to stop. This is a place for work, not for family and couple bullshit.” His tone was harsh. 
“But, Wolf, what will you do for lunch?” 
“I guess I’ll take something with me in the mornings. Or maybe grab something out of the office. Don’t make a big deal out of it, okay? I just can’t have you coming over whenever you want. It’s distracting.” 
Eventually, Wolf even stopped coming to church with her. It embarrassed Cossette to have to explain why her husband wasn’t there any longer. Fellow congregation members asked questions. 
“Where’s Wolf today? He feeling alright? Haven’t seen him in a while.” 
Cossette would have to force a smile and a polite answer. “Oh, he’s fine. Just really busy with work these days. You know how men are.” 
But these weren’t the most disturbing and unsettling transformations that Cossette noticed. One day recently, Wolf left his laptop open. He’d gone to the store briefly, leaving it unattended. Cossette had the urge to look through it. A pang of guilt nearly consumed her enough to keep from snooping. But curiosity eventually overcame the guilt. 
She opened his business email. Nothing unusual there. Simply clients and other lawyers at his firm making discussion with him about work things that Cossette had no understanding of. Then, she opened his personal email. 
And there were a collection of questionable emails and photos shared between her husband and a woman. Her email address was ladyofthenight@gmail.com. The emails were enough to make Cossette blush. 
I want to suck your cock and make you cum in my mouth so I can swallow it… 
Wait till I end up alone with you. I’ll ride your dick harder than a fucking racehorse… 
This Lady of the Night character made Cossette rightfully suspicious. She shouldn’t be snooping on her husband. But his increasing absence made her suspect the worst. Even though these emails did not confirm that Wolf was sleeping around on Cossette, they certainly sharpened her suspicions. And the photos… What did Cossette possess to help her compete with this woman?
She was striking. Tall, long dark hair that cascaded down her elegant shoulders and neck. Big, black doe eyes that shined. Full, plush lips. Skin the same color of deliciously sweet caramel. 
And then, there was Cossette with her curly, sometimes frizzy auburn hair. Small, delicate lips and sharper features. Liquid blue eyes. Pale, porcelain skin and a skinny frame. This woman looked more delicious and enticing that Cossette, with her full curves, thick thighs, bubble butt. The flames of jealousy swarmed within Cossette. But she tried not to allow her anger to get the better of her. 
If only they could go back to the good years, the first two years of their marriage before the love and passion started waning into a timid trickle. She’d felt so certain that Wolf was her soul mate, the man who would help balance her out as a person.
But her marriage was failing both of them. And she had no idea how to get out. Marriage counseling? Sure, but her husband wouldn’t go for it. Besides, she wasn’t so sure about a stranger knowing the ins and outs of her marriage.

Chapter Three
As she listened to Wolf’s snoring, Cossette realized that maybe he was right. She was only going to be young once. Twenty-two years would eventually turn into twenty-three. And if he wasn’t going to join her in her youth, maybe she could enjoy it on her own. It wasn’t as though he had any interest in being involved with her. Clearly. 
Besides, moping in the house was looking less and less appetizing. If Wolf could go out and party or meet new people, she could too. She promptly rose from her spot on the couch, dropped the skirt she had been mending, and grabbed the car keys on the way out the door. He wouldn’t miss her. Not even in his dreams. Lady of the Night from Gmail was probably already lurking in them. 
Cossette drove downtown to the square where the bars announced their opening with bright, colorful neon signs. As she parked, Cossette hesitated. It wasn’t too late to turn back and go home. She’d never been inside of a bar. The thought never once crossing her mind. The preacher and Sunday school teachers said it was a place of sin. Her hearth thudded in her chest, as she attempted to make a decision. To go inside or not? Here was her struggle. 
But one night on the town couldn’t hurt, right? Especially if her husband did so. Cossette mustered up the courage to get out of her car and enter one of the bars. Several men sat at the long table strip where the tender served their drinks and made conversation. 
Not exactly the type of mayhem Cossette expected. When she pictured a bar, images of lusty, sinful dancing, sexuality, and looseness came to mind. Not men sitting quietly and chatting amiably with one another. 
Her muscles began to relax as the tension released from her neck and shoulders. The sharp blade of guilt that stabbed at her throat finally faded away. Cossette took a seat and awaited service from the tender. 
“Ah, a new comer,” said a warm, husky voice next to her. A man with strong arms roped with muscle and a twisted smile glanced over her welcomingly. “You don’t come out here often, do you?”
“Uh, no,” she replied softly, searching for something to focus on. 
“You seem nervous. On a blind date or something?” 
“Not at all.” Cossette smiled politely and held up her left hand, fiddling with her wedding band. “I’m married.”
“Last I checked, that didn’t stop anyone from having a little fun on the side.” 
Cossette’s heart sunk as her thoughts went back to Wolf and this mysterious woman on his email. “Maybe. Maybe not.” 
“So? You going to order a drink or what?” The man smiled gently, nodding toward the expectant bartender awaiting her order. 
“Uh, I guess so. Not sure what you have.”
“Alcohol, honey. It’s a bar. They have alcohol. Any kind of alcohol you can think of.” 
“I-I’m not sure what to get,” she whispered, her throat dry from the anxiety of being in such a forbidden place. 
“Alright. How about I buy you a drink then? You look like… hmmm… the type that likes something sweet. Something fruity. Get her an appletini. Go easy on the liquor. Clearly, she hasn’t earned her wings yet.” The man slapped a bill down on the bar’s surface and smiled at Cossette gently. “Name’s Apollo. What’s yours?” 
“My name’s Cossette. Some people call me Coco,” Cossette replied, taking the strong, warm, dry hand he offered to shake. Her body finally began relaxing again. The nervousness that kept her movements stiff and frozen melted. At least she had someone to talk to, instead of sitting alone and looking awkward. 
“Cute. Coco. It suits you.” His voice was warm and rich, like melted dark chocolate. The bartender placed the drink in front of Cossette. As she sipped it, she leaned back and glanced over this stranger. Apollo. He was lean, but muscular. A shock of thick, black hair shaved at the sides topped his head. His eyes were green – a startling, electric color that shot bolts of energy through Cossette’s core. Her heart thumped with excitement as she took in his physique. 
Seductive. Devilish. His body was decorated with tattoos. “What do those mean?” she asked, pointing at the colorful sleeve on his arm. 
“Oh, this? Well, the tiger represents feminine strength and sexuality. The stag represents masculine strength and sexuality. It’s kind of a symbol of duality between the sexes. Can’t have one without the other, right?” He chuckled as he took another sip of drink. “No need in placing one any higher or lower than the other.”
Cossette leaned back in her barstool, examining the glittering salt that lined the edge of the cup. A few girls sat behind her in the corner. A table to themselves. They all wore tank tops and shorts. Cossette wore a plain blouse, buttoned up all the way to her neck. And a pair of jeans. She suddenly felt out of place all over again. 
Apollo must have noticed it. His hand covered her shoulder. “Hey, easy.” He chuckled easily, freely, as he spoke. “This isn’t the place to get all self-conscious. Everyone comes here to hang out. And let lose a little.” 
“I-I know.” Cossette sighed and stared at her hands for a moment. “I’m just a homebody, really. That’s what I’m used to.” 
“Hey, me, too. But everyone needs a change of scenery here and there, right?” 
“I guess so. I guess that’s why I’m here. It gets too quiet at home.” 
“You said you’re hitched? So, what about your husband? He don’t take you out any?” Apollo took another sip at his drink, glancing away from her for the first time since they started talking. 
“Uh, sure.” 
“Terrible liar, by the way.”
“No. I guess not. He’s so busy with work.”
“I’ll bet you one hundred dollars he does the same thing you’re doing right now. And doesn’t tell you.” 
“I’m not a betting woman.” 

Chapter Four
Apollo suggested she switch over to beer if she wasn’t much of a drinker. So Cossette did. It tasted like horse piss, just as she’d heard. But, after the first drink, she was at ease enough to go for it. The alcohol hummed pleasantly through her body. The thoughts in her head stopped racing as she sat there and talked with Apollo. 
They talked mainly about cooking, since it was a common interest they shared. And Cossette would never expect this. Apollo with all of his tattoos, devilish smile, and soft, raspy voice that rose in wisps like smoke. 
He knew about Southern soul food, all-American eats, and fine, European dining. And Cossette had plenty to say about this subject. She’d watched her mother and grandmother in the kitchen for years, learning how to spice things properly. Adding just enough sweetness to cakes – enough to make you wonder and want to indulge in it more. 
She knew about Mississippi mud pies and upside down pineapple cake. The lingering creaminess of perfectly moist cake with the delectable frosting. 
The only thing that Cossette had enjoyed as much as sex in her life was cooking. And, at this point in her marriage, her sex life was all but nonexistent. What better to do than create perfect you can eat or share with others. 
“But what else do you do in your spare time?” Apollo asked. “I mean, who are you outside of cooking?” 
Cossette wasn’t quite sure what he meant by this. She was a wife. A faithful member of her church. She did the ladies’ group. She liked to take pictures of flowers and use them as home décor. She listed off these things, but fell silent as Apollo listened incredulously. “Is this seriously your first time coming out to a bar?” he asked flatly. 
“Yes.” 
“And you’re twenty-two.” 
“Yes. On my driver’s license and everything.”
“Well, I guess there’s a first time for everything. Are you going to come back out ever? I mean, can I see you again?” 
“I don’t know,” Cossette replied, although she didn’t see what the problem was. Her husband did these things. She knew it. She questioned him. But he never questioned her. He knew she didn’t live interestingly enough. And Cossette was starting to realize this too. 
Wolf even said it himself. “Maybe if you’d loosen up a little, we’d have more things to talk about.” Just earlier that night, too. Cossette had to start living interestingly. Otherwise, who was she? Someone else’s idea of herself? 
“I mean, I probably will come back out. At some point. I just don’t know when that’ll be. Doing things at my own pace, you know?” she finally added, carefully considering how her thoughts aligned with her words. 
“That’s acceptable. I could see that. Take things one step at a time.” Apollo grabbed her arm and a pen. He wrote down his telephone number in bright blue ink on her wrist. “Anyway, that’s my number if you ever want to hang out. Seems we could both use a friend.” 
“Thanks. I’ll consider it.” She smiled lightly, taking what he said with a grain of salt. Him and his tattoos. His muscles. The tight black jeans. The primality of his voice. He was temptation, the appetizing side dish that would get everyone into trouble. He offered to spice up her life. And Cossette wasn’t prepared to take this offer. “Well, I’ll be heading off.” She smiled nervously. 
“Farewell, little lamb,” he purred. “Till we meet again.” 
Little lamb was right. Little narrowly escaping the wolf in sheep’s clothing. But Cossette had also decided that giving in to temptation in the privacy and safety of her home would be her prime concern when she got home. 
Not whether or not Wolf had packed his toothbrush for this stupid trip.
Not if he had his charger for the phone. He didn’t want to talk to her anyway. Why bother with that inconvenience? 
Not whether there was something in the fridge for him to have for breakfast. To hell with all of that. 
No, Cossette was going home to do another first. On her twentieth birthday, one of her  girlfriends gave her a dildo. A thick, long member that bore an all too realistic resemblance to a real cock. When she’d opened it, the blood rushed to her face. From the neck up, Cossette changed bright red. Her hand covered her mouth as her heart thumped in horror. 
She didn’t even intentionally look at Wolf’s cock when the made love. What on earth would she do with this monstrosity? Her friends giggled. Some from the humor of the situation. Some from nervousness. 
Two years later, Cossette was going to try it out for the first time. One of her recent guilty pleasures was porn, too. Lately, she found herself watching two naked, oiled up bodies writhe and rub up against each other. 
Cossette often imagined it was her own dripping, throbbing pussy being filled with a hard, thick cock that slid in and out of her body. Within the past few months, in between creating meals and mopping floors, she’d indulge in it secretly.
And tonight, after smelling the raw, wooden aroma of Apollo, Cossette could feel the blood pounding and thumping to her clit, her pussy begging for something to fulfill its needs. Her husband would be asleep. She sure as hell wouldn’t take a strange man home with her. 
But she could think about a strange man. And fantasize that it was his voice groaning, not the man in the porn video. She could watch the tantalizing image of a throbbing cock bursting with veins filling and stretching the aching walls of a pussy, pretending it was Apollo penetrating her. 
Never had Cossette looked forward to going home this much. She washed off Apollo’s number in the restroom of the bar before briskly walking back to her car.  


Chapter Five
In the darkness of the living room, Cossette reclined on the couch. The dildo lay next to her, her palm wrapped around it. It got warmer from her touch, as though it were coming to life for her. The only light in the room was the blue flickering of her old laptop’s screen.
She closed her eyes as she imagined the sexy, sucking sounds coming from the porn involving her and Apollo. The soft discreetness of the wet sounds sent fantasies of Apollo’s mouth moving voraciously down her body as he savored and sampled every part of her body. 
Drinking from her mouth. Covering the hardened beads of her nipples, setting her tits on fire with swelling passion. Tongue gliding across her soft belly, leaving a trail of cool, wetness. The tip of his tongue slithering between her legs as it teased her pussy, which pulsed in response to the slight, tantalizing pressure. 
Cossette placed a finger between her legs, gently encircling her clit with its tip. She imagined it was Apollo’s tongue. He crouched over her opened legs, hands gripping the curve where her thigh joined her pelvis. 
The motion of her finger deepened. Cossette imagined his tongue sliding further across her pussy’s opening, teasing the creases and folds of its flowering, sensitive entrance. The gruff grunts and groans of the man on the porn fueled her insistent arousal. She almost believed it were Apollo himself tasting her pussy as it melted and yielded to his touch. 
Then, she slowly slid the head of the dildo inside. In her mind, she envisioned Apollo kneeling before her as her legs splayed over his lap. She could almost feel his eyes settling on the heaving rounds of her tits as her breathing became deeper. 
She slid the dildo further inside, slowly. Eventually, she was all the way to the hilt. The faux balls pressing against the parted crease just beneath her pussy’s opening. She moaned with the fulfilling gratification the sensation offered. 
It was thick, the length pressing further and deeper inside of her than she was used to. Cossette had to catch her breath for a moment. She opened her eyes to see video. The man thrusted uncontrollably into the woman’s body, his finger applying pressure against her clit. 
Cossette did the same, pressing the tip of her finger gently against the pulsing hood of her clit. She slowly slid the thick circumference of the dildo in and out of her pussy. A strong wave of simmering pleasure throbbed between her legs, reaching its fingers upward into her chest. 
She moved her fingertip up and down, tilting the dildo upward as she did. The pleasure intensified more than she was ready for. Blood rushed to further awaken her clit. Cossette moaned again, picturing Apollo’s strong, tattooed arms gripping her sides as he quickened his speed. 
His devilish grin spreading slowly across his face as he watched her lose control because of him. His strong, broad chest hovering over her swollen tits that begged for his body heat. 
“Apollo,” she moaned desperately, voice softened by uncertainty. It wasn’t her husband’s name. It felt foreign on her tongue. But it rolled sensually. The groans of  the man in the video became louder and deeper, as the climax persisted and pushed toward the tip of his throbbing cock. “Apollo, cum for me,” she moaned again, a little louder this time. 
She imagined his tongue sliding over hers, as he welcomed the oncoming climax that pushed through his body. His chest dragging across her aching tits, creating friction. His cock pressing against the base of her clit, generating pain and ecstasy simultaneously. She imagined his taste, thick and evergreen like a forest. 
Cossette cried out helplessly as the climax ebbed and flowed over her body, instead of her fantasy man’s. It had suddenly overtaken her, dragging her body along in surprise. Her clit throbbed harder, with more profound beats, as the orgasm finally began melting away. Her nipples were still rock hard, tits still heaving. 
“Keep it down, will ya? I’m trying to sleep!” yelled Wolf from the bedroom. 

The End of Book 1 of 5



Thank you for reading this story!  Please remember to sign up to my newsletter The Wet Buzz for up-coming new books, special prizes, and free giveaways.  You’ll get 3 FREE books that aren’t available on Amazon!
Press Here to Sign Up and Claim Your FREE Books Now!


Visit my web site for more exciting stuff!
Questions or comments?  Please email me at: thewetbuzz@gmail.com


Blurring Boundaries
by Ella Gottfried

Copyright © 2015 All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from the author.
This book is a work of fiction.  Similarities to real people, places, or events are entirely coincidental.
This story has erotic themes and is suitable for adults, 18+ only.

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five

Chapter One
Joelle sipped her coffee and glanced at the clock - ten in the morning. She still had about an hour and a half until orientation began. Now, to make the important choices: red lipstick or pink lip gloss? She wanted to appear professional but attractive, but not so attractive that her new colleagues only paid attention to her sexiness. She gave herself the once-over, smiling. After all, who could resist her sparkling blue eyes, pillow plush lips, and long, shining black hair? No one. Sometimes not even herself. A chuckle escaped her throat. 
Then again, she was a professional. Well, almost. Once she finished earning her bachelor's degree in journalism and completed this internship, she'd be completely professional. And she'd worked hard for it, too. After almost four years filled with long hours of nothing more than college papers, covering stories for the school's newspaper, cheap freelance work to make ends meet, and barely making enough money to cover bills, she'd definitely earned it. And now, she couldn't help but feel like her time to party it up had finally come. 
Joelle ran her fingers through her hair and examined her carefully groomed eyebrows. Yes, she'd earned it. She'd earned the traveling and VIP treatment that this internship would provide. She remembered reading in the guidelines that everyone would be partnered up. Would she get another, equally foxy lady? Could she enjoy sexy pillow fights and underwear nights? Or a sexy boy? Only time would tell. Not much longer until the orientation started. 
Or perhaps she'd even have the chance to meet up with a famous racer? Who knew? The endless possibilities thrilled her to the core. Keep it professional, she reminded herself. This was for her career as a sports journalist - the one real desire that encompassed her life ever since her teenage years. Her confidence soared. Joelle would provide a stark, new addition to MotoMadness Magazine. In a world filled with men, she stood as one of the first female potentials for serious Supercross and Motocross journalism. She hoped, for everyone else's sake, that they didn't take her for an overly feminine fool.
Anyone who stood in her way over the years learned this fact the hard way. From all the fuckboys in high school who thought that just because she had a bit of a reputation, she was easy, to the professors who snorted at her pink, sparkly nails and had a penchant for high heels. Oh yes, everyone discovered that Joelle was a force to be reckoned with. She got whatever and whoever the fuck she wanted. That's what American women do, right? Live for the fun of the moment but still work harder than a sixteen year old boy's cock. 
She was as classic as Mona Lisa, but as fashionably iconic as Megan Fox. She had all the hard edges of Joan Jett with the soft, inviting center of Jennifer Anniston. The professionalism of Hillary Clinton. "Watch the fuck out, world," she said softly into the mirror. "Here I come." She checked her phone again. She'd done this all morning, excited, and waiting for the time to leave. "Fuck it," she said. "I'll just go ahead. Couldn't hurt to get to know the building a little bit." Joelle grabbed her purse and keys before darting to her door. The bright blue sky burned brilliantly overhead, haloed by the golden rays of the sun. Oh yes. This summer would go down as one of her best since her senior year in high school.
Joelle jumped into her car, put the key into her ignition, and pulled out of her driveway. She kissed her house goodbye. With rent paid for the full Motocross season, she wouldn't see much of it this summer. Hotels, parties, writing, and airplanes. And, with any amount of luck, plenty of hot sex on the side. She made sure she packed her sexiest lingerie, some snazzy little outfits, and plenty of perfume to kiss her skin with a light fragrance. Not so much that she smelled like desperation. But just enough to smell like seduction.
An hour later she pulled into the building, and parked between two fairly prestigious looking vehicles. A Cadillac and an Audi. The dream was real, after all. She entered the building, heels clicking authoritatively on the tiles of the shining, professionally laid hallway floors. She made it to the conference room, where the orientation meeting would take place. Of course, she was early. Only a few other people sat around the large, round table. 
"I already feel like a big girl with a big girl job," she said aloud, sitting next to a guy with weird, bright brown eyes and a slim build. She smiled at him. His expression remained on his papers, carefully, and neatly clipped together. No answer or response came from him. "Must not be much of a talker," she grinned. "My name's Joelle. What's yours?"
"Kyle," he responded curtly. His eyes remained on the paper. Boyish features doing injustice to his serious composure. 
"Cool. What college did you go to?" she continued. She wasn't sure whether or not he actually peaked her curiosity or she just wanted to annoy him. 
"Um. Beachside Community."
"Oh, a community college? How did you end up here?" 
"Good portfolio. I'm a photographer." His gaze remained on the papers, shifting them around to read the next page. 
"I'm a writer. I'll be doing sports journalism for this one. I used to write about the cheer squad and powderpuff football team at my college. Dozens of cute girls. I like dirt bike sports, too." She took her own manila folder out of her bag, opened it, and took a moment to examine her nails.
"That's great. Look, I'm actually trying to read over the material for today. You might wanna do the same. This isn't cheerleading or whatever." His voice had an icy, uninterested tone. 
"Listen, Kyle. You realize first of all that cheerleading is one of the sports with the most and worst injuries. That's just for starters. Also, I was just trying to be nice. Get to know you. Never know who you'll end up partnered up with." She sipped her coffee, casting a side eye at this Kyle character. This character who was too coolio for schoolio. She wasn't sure she liked his attitude. 
Kyle started to open his mouth for a rebuttal, but one of the intern managers walked into the conference room. A fashionable man with the smile of an expert. "Hello, ladies and gentlemen. As you know, you have been selected for this prestigious internship opportunity in covering the Motocross season this year." He took a seat at the head of the table. "Before we begin, I will partner you up with your team member. Then, you will each receive assignments, and a packet of rules to follow and your work load." 
Joelle hoped she'd get put with someone adventurous. Someone she could click with. Certainly not Kyle, the Cock Block here, who appeared to have never experienced actual fun in his life. His serious expression mixed with the quick, foxy features of a mischievous boy. It was all just too tacky, and insulting. How dare he insult her? She snorted. The manager rattled off a list of names paired with others. Glasses guy was going with Miss America chick in the back. They'd be working on web design. Weird piercings guy was working with quiet girl with no makeup. Still cute though. 
"Kyle Marsh will be working with Joelle Peterson," he said. Joelle had to stifle a curse word from coming out of her mouth. Made a wish too soon. Kyle didn't appear too pleased either, rubbing his face with his hands.


Chapter Two
He took a deep breath and prayed to God that the summer would go well. The very last thing he'd expected was to be paired with some sparkly, Mary Sue slut who thought the world of herself and no one else. “Joelle? Gross!” he thought. Kyle rolled his eyes as he handed the credit card to the desk receptionist. The fancy hotel reeked of air freshener and fake flowers. He hadn't come all this way to end up in this situation. And that was all it would come to - a fucking situation. 
"Room 113 is where you'll be staying." The receptionist offered an uber-professional smile as she handed him the room key. "Enjoy your stay and don't hesitate to call room service if you need anything."
"That's a room with two beds, right?" he asked.
"Yes, sir. Two beds, a bathroom, and a fully stocked fridge." She smiled again.
"Thank fucking God."
"Oh, don't worry, Kyliekins," Joelle said softly from behind. "You're not even my type, so don't fucking flatter yourself." She snatched the key from his fingers and turned on her heel. "Thanks, boo." Her heels clicked loudly and authoritatively down on the shiny tiles. 
If Kyle ended up rolling his eyes anymore, they'd end up in a new dimension. He followed her, shrugging his messenger bag further up onto his shoulder. Their first assignment was to capture the practice tomorrow. He'd brought the cameras that he carefully saved up for over the course of two years to buy. Expensive equipment. And what did this bitch need? Nothing but a fucking laptop. Maybe a pen and paper, assuming this bimbo actually could write. "What the actual fuck would she know about Motocross anyway?" he asked himself aloud as they boarded the elevator.
"I heard that," she snapped, punching the button with a force that almost scared him. "For your information, I've been following races and racers since I was like, what, thirteen? I had a brother who raced on the amateur level. Fuck off." She smirked once she spat the last phrase. 
"For your information," Kyle began softly, "I used to be one of those racers. Until I was about to graduate high school and got an injury at fucking practice. You know. Shit happens." Kyle looked her up and down. 
"You know, you remind me of one of the bitches in high school. Those really bitchy bitches. You know." She sucked her teeth. Kyle had to admit, she was cute. No wonder she got far, right? A smirk, probably similar to the one that tugged at the corners of her mouth, found its way across his face. 
"That's all you got?" he goaded.
"We're not doing this right now. Are we gonna have a problem me and you? Because I'm a goddamn solution." She turned to face him head on. Heels clacked on the shiny elevator floor. Maybe she was right. Kyle had to keep it professional. Internship, or intershit? 
"Yea, okay. Just let me do the picture taking, and you write about it, okay? I'm sure something will work out." Something. Fucking. Had. To. 
"You guys must be married," said the smiling, hat-wearing woman next to them. "How long have you been married? I remember when my husband and I used to argue like that. We still do." Hat-lady chuckled.
"Oh. We. Are not. Married," Joelle half-barked, searching in her purse. Probably for more lip gloss. The doors opened. They exited quickly and silently. Even Joelle's dumb heels didn't make any noise. How was she going to deal with the track? Let alone any racers they had to interview?
The elevator door opened with a ting! They exited simultaneously and his hand brushed against her ass accidentally. It felt firm beneath the fabric of her skirt. He pulled away quickly, hoping she hadn't noticed. And that she would notice his growing erection. Kyle passed her quickly in the hallway, finding the room as quickly as possible. "I have the key, remember?" she said playfully, holding it between her fingers. "Did you like what you felt?" She grinned. She grinned a little too hard for his liking. She liked it.
"Accident," he managed, throat suddenly parched.
"Uh-huh," she fumbled the door open. "You know, we could get freaky in the privacy of our room together." She winked. Kyle wasn't sure whether or not she simply joked. Heat rose up into his cheeks. He fumbled with his luggage, hoping she wouldn't notice. "You're blushing," she stated in a matter of fact manner.

Chapter Three
At least dinner went fucking swell. Really fucking swell, actually. Joelle had to admit, Kyle had talent. And class, once he cut loose a bit. Had a couple of drinks. They went to Jalapeño Charlie’s in Atlanta, Georgia, where the first race of the season would take place. The place was nearly empty, which forced them both to talk instead of people watch. She noticed this. Like her, he glanced around for interesting individuals and couples to watch. Wanting to soak up every detail. But they were forced to talk with each other.
This proved especially helpful during the practice. Over dinner, they discussed how to approach it. Capture the best possible content. While other interns were back at the office writing simple web content, they were one of the few teams that would end up in the field… in the wild. They opted to make the best of it, unlike the earlier obstacles of the trip. "We should focus on Zakk Cayson," he suggested. "Everyone loves a good rookie on the pro level. Everyone wants to focus on cool, hip rookies and shit."
Zakk Cayson. America's sweetheart. Nightmare of his rival's worst nights. Extremely fucking cut. Great ass - hard as a rock. "I bet you could bounce a quarter on it, Kyle. Let's definitely focus on him."
"That's not the point."
"I know his other stats, too. Dick." She pulled a manila folder from her computer case. "I was already gonna suggest it." She handed it to Kyle. 
"You the fucking FBI, CIA, or what?" he asked, eyebrow cocked in surprise. 
"Don't underestimate me." She leaned back, sipped her Arbor Mist wine. 
"How could I not? You drink like a pussy." He raised his glass of Jack and Coke. They toasted and soon finished dinner. They arrived at practice where the smell of fuel peppered the air, making her want to sneeze. The dirt prayed clean like a wake of water. The dirt bikes hummed like swarming bees. Joelle took it all in, the beauty of it all. The smells, sights, sounds. Perfection. It got her wet, to be honest. 
She licked her lips, the taste of her cherry lip gloss making the experience perfection. And why not mention that Zakk had an excellent ass? That his dark, gleaming skin had the shine of a Greek God. That his chiseled features, dark curly hair, and taut muscles added to the godliness. Jesus H. Christ. There were appreciative female followers as well.
"So," Kyle's voice caught her off guard. "What do you want to do with your life and stuff?" He was staring at the track just as hard as she was, watching moves and turns with the same intensity she did. 
"You know. Write. For sports."
"Specifically this sport?" Now she felt him staring at her. She turned to look him in the eye. His were an amber brown color. Strange. Foxy. For the first time, she noticed him. Slightly taller than her, but solidly built. Still, he maintained a slender appearance. Boyish features that masked an intense human being. 
"Yea. Well. Maybe." She pulled the water bottle from her purse. It looked like water, but secretly, it was gin and Sprite. She wrote better when she drank. As the old saying goes: write drunk; edit sober. She never got trashed. That ruined it. Screwed up college papers. Created a mess out of newspaper columns. So at least she experimented responsibly. 
Kyle took a few photos as Joelle soaked it all in. She made some notes here and there on a legal pad. She wouldn't have an opportunity to interview any racers, but the atmosphere itself held plenty of information. The techniques, the precision of performance on jumps. The entire practice held an enticing aura about it. 
"I think we have plenty to work with here," Kyle said, ember-like eyes focused on Zakk's red and blue figure, cutting off another racer during a turn. "Let's go back to the hotel for the night. I'm beat."
"Okay, sounds perf," Joelle replied, returning her gaze to the track. She wouldn't mind going back and working on this article, and seeing Kyle's photos. One good thing about being paired with a photographer was that she could relive the events to some extent. They left the practice space as she called a cab to come pick them up. Kyle's kinda cute. She had to admit. Did the fact that he used to race play into it? Perhaps. She wondered for a moment. Were dirt bike riders any different in bed?

Chapter Four
The hush of the shower water inside the bathroom let him know that Joelle decided to take a shower. For a moment, Kyle prayed she didn't use all the hot water. For several moments after, he wondered what she looked like without any clothes on. If she were photograph worthy? Sure, lots of girls were hot. But few were artful. What did she look like without makeup? Was she really as polished, slick, and snarky as she portrayed?
Loud, carrying guffaws of laughter from down the hall jerked him from his thoughts. Probably some frat boys on summer vacation. Who knew? Kyle refocused his mind on the photographs he wanted to edit that night. He selected mostly from those he took of Zakk, since they agreed on him as the center of their project. Holy shit, they'd actually agreed on something. Kyle had to admit she had good taste. 
Joelle walked out of the shower, towel wrapped around her body. Glistening droplets of water still clung to her sun kissed skin. "You have freckles," he noted.
"Shut up," she hissed.
"I mean, I think it's cute, but whatever." He turned his face back to the screen. 
"Oh. Thanks." Her voice held a tone of genuine surprise. "I tried to be a model once, but the judges didn't like the freckles."
"Fuck the judges. You could definitely be a model." He glanced sideways at her. "With the right photographer." 
"You're speaking my language," she responded, turning her gaze toward him. Her sparkling azure eyes glanced over him. 
"Ever done nude modeling?" he asked, shutting his laptop.
"That's kind of a bold question to ask for our professional relationship, don't you think?" 
"You don't strike me as the type to follow rules. At least not all of them." Kyle carefully packed his cameras and computer into his messenger bag. "I need a shower myself. Hope you didn't use all the hot water. You took long enough."
"Should be enough for you," Joelle said. He could feel her eyes following him as he went into the bathroom. 



The steam of the shower rolled out of the crack of the door. Joelle assumed the open door was an invitation for her to join him. She stood up from the bed and walked toward the bathroom. The scent of Old Spice body wash and hot steam filled it to the brim. She pushed the door open a little further, dropping her towel on the floor.
"Mind if I join you?" she asked sweetly.
"What?" He jerked the shower curtain aside. His jaw dropped. "Oh, my God. You've got to be kidding me." He turned away from her, blushing. Joelle giggled. She loved it when boys blushed over her. 
"What? Never seen a naked girl? Besides, you suggested nude modeling. Thought you could be the photographer. Figured you'd wanna look at the goods." Joelle was feeling bold. She hungered for someone's hands to touch her. Kyle seemed just like the type she needed. 
"It's not that," he said, words lingering as though he wanted to say something more. Joelle carefully stepped into the shower. She bit her lip. The steam was so thick, she could barely see him.
"I'll turn off the light," she said, reaching out of the shower to turn off the light. "We can just, you know, feel each other out." Her hands found his chest, muscles slick, wet, and hot from the water. His body wasn't ripped out, but still muscular, slender. He was silent while she pressed her body up against him. His hard cock pressed against her abdomen. A girl probably never came onto him like this in his entire life. She wrapped her fingers around its width, pulling gently. "You like that? Cause I can stop, if you don't." 
"No. I mean I like it," he groaned, his voice deep, husky. He stepped closer to her, hands sliding up and down the curves of her body. From the top of her ribcage to the base of her hips. Joelle ran her fingers along the scars that mapped out his torso, gently kissing his neck. The smell of his bare flesh mingled with the water that trickled down it. He tipped her chin upward, gazing at her face. 
"You're a pretty bold lady," he whispered roughly. His lips grazed hers, and she caught his lower one in her teeth. Kyle paused for a moment, before pressing his mouth against hers. She enjoyed the pull of his kisses and the warm movement of his tongue against hers. The sensation drew her further into her desire for him.
"I bet you're an impressive man," she purred softly, pulling away from his kiss before it drowned her. 

Chapter Five
Kyle had to face it. He was sucked into her almost unearthly beauty. She reminded him of a pixie, sharp features with soft glowing skin. The nymph-like freckles accentuating her high cheekbones. Soft, swollen lips moving across his skin. He couldn't help it or hold back. His cock was engorged with desire.
He picked her up and pushed her against the wall, holding her up with his hips and torso. Her arms wrapped around his back, pulling him closer. Nails lightly scraping the surface of his flesh, making each fiber and muscle feel as though it were on vibrate. He slid his finger between her legs, rubbing the sensitive, awakened spot that would send her body reeling. She was wet, slick with desire. He softened his touch, easing some of the pressure from his finger. 
"Ooh, God," she purred softly, arching her back and bucking her hips forward. Their bodies fit like two puzzle pieces. The way her legs wrapped around his waist. The steam engulfed them, and the darkened bathroom left it up to their hands to explore the one another’s body. Kyle wanted to taste every inch of her skin. He set her feet back down on the shower floor, and allowed his mouth to travel down each curve. He tasted as much of her vanilla soft skin as possible. "Eat me out." Joelle spread her legs open for him, her hand gently gripped his hair. 
"I was already thinking the same thing," he replied, getting down on his knees. The water showered over his head, trickling down the rest of his body. It left lively wakes of excitement that snaked along his skin. He squeezed his cock, scalding hot from the water temperature. He found her pussy, his tongue rolling across her clit slowly. She tasted so good, like fairy magic, and all woman. And this incredibly sexy girl was turned on… by him. She moaned softly, thighs beginning to shake from the repetitive moment. "You like that, Ms. Joelle?" he asked softly, pulling away, grabbing the taut curves of her thighs. 
"Fuck, yeah, sexy boy." Her voice turned smoky, whisking around them like the building steam. "Shit, I want you inside me, Kyle. Please." Kyle stood up, nibbling at her perfect nipples, the globes of her breasts. He pressed his cock against her thigh.
"You want it from the back or the front?" He whispered into her ear. 
"I want it from the back. And I want it rough," she replied softly, plush lips feathering against his cheek as she spoke. Kyle turned her around, keeping a hand on her back. He felt her bones and skin move as she put her hands on the wall and leaned forward. He pushed himself inside of her. Her muscles clinched against the width of his cock, making him feel harder. The sensation burned through him, giving him the urge to thrust back and forth. 
"Your wish is my command, princess." He grabbed her wet, sleek hair and pulled it gently. His other hand found the delicate column of her throat, pulling her into his body. She remained leaning slightly against the wall, but her back leaned into his torso. Her ass pressed against his loins. Joelle turned her head so that their mouths touched and kissed him hungrily. He thrust himself inside of her hard, finding a rhythm. His hips bucked quickly. Her tight pussy wrapped around his hard, swollen cock. 
Kyle's insides seethed with a hungry fever as the scalding water splashed across their skin. "Fuck, you’re so big. Oh, fuck yea. Harder. Make me cum." She spoke louder, spreading her legs for better penetration. She was so tight, so fucking tight. He didn't know how much longer he could make it. He reached down between her legs. Her insides were scalding. He found the pearl of her clit, and ran his finger over it gently, lightly. His thrusts grew deeper and slower, pulling off some of the pressure for him to cum. 
"You like that?" he asked huskily into her ear as he panted. Her perfect ass cupped by his loins. "Little Miss Freckles?" he whispered. Her breathing became deeper, slower. She slumped forward, overwhelmed by the pleasure. Kyle pulled her back up against him. He loved the way her body felt this close to his, like she could melt.
"Ahhh, fuck, I'm cumming, Kyle," she said through her breathing, leaning forward. Her thighs trembled. "You're so fucking big, I can barely take all of you." He pressed her body against the wall, leaning himself into her, attempting to go deeper. He quickened his moves, made them rougher and deeper. "Oh, God, easy, Kyle."
"Baby, you said you liked it rough," he replied, grabbing her ass in his hand. Feeling the sexy roundness of it in his palm. He smacked her cheek just enough to elicit a popping sound against her flesh. He breathed into the back of her neck. 
"I'm so sensitive after I cum," she said, her voice urgent. She pushed her ass against his pelvis even more. 
"God, you're such a sexy woman." Convulsions of pleasure overtook his muscles and bones as he came. Cries forced by the sudden pound of satisfaction escaped him. He held her ass close to him as his body emptied itself inside of her. "Fuck, you felt good inside." He heard squeaking as she turned the water faucet off. All the steam made it difficult for the both of them to breathe.
They stood together in the shower, his arms wrapped around her from the back. His cock was still inside of her. For a moment, he realized that this was the closest he'd felt with someone after a casual sexual encounter. He basked in the glow of her hot, wet skin. She leaned against the wall, enjoying it as much as he. He wondered whether either of them could actually move from this spot. 
Finally, he pulled away from her, fumbled for the light switch, and grabbed two towels from the rack. "You're even sexy soaking wet," he said, drying himself off. For fuck's sake, he suddenly couldn't take his eyes away from her. Her breasts were perky globes perched on her chest. Topped by the erect nipple. He noticed the slight bruise on her neck. "Did I do that?"
She grinned, placing her hand on the spot. "A little love bite never hurt anyone." Joelle delicately patted the towel across her skin, drying off the droplets of water that raced down her collarbone and along her ribs. "So are you still thinking that I'm good enough to be a nude model for you?" Her laugh chirped through the air like a bird fluttering through the branches. 
"Of course," he replied. "You're beautiful." Kyle had no more words to offer. He was a photographer after all. He captured moments and emotions through images. Perhaps he should actually go through with photographing her naked. She was art.

The End of Book One
Press Here to Read Book Two Now!





Thank you for reading this story!  Please remember to sign up to my newsletter The Wet Buzz for up-coming new books, special prizes, and free giveaways.  You’ll get 3 FREE books that aren’t available on Amazon!
Press Here to Sign Up and Claim Your FREE Books Now!


Visit my web site for more exciting stuff!
Questions or comments?  Please email me at: thewetbuzz@gmail.com






