
Cracked
By Tara Logan 
Copyright 2012 Tara Logan
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

Dedication
To my dear friend Jan McDonnell. Thanks for being there and pushing me to write. I dedicate this book especially to you because I put it away when I had a deadline and forgot about it. You reminded me of it when you started working in the chiropractor’s office. If not for you it might still be in a folder only half written.

And to Jacqueline DaSilva for a lifetime of memories, swimming lessons at Spring Lake, the love of reading, and the true art of sarcasm. I always loved your maiden name and promised I’d use it in a book. With no male to pass down the name, I say we keep it Allarie alive and in the family by using it here. 




Chapter One

“Come on, Al, stay for the game.”
Allarie Healy stared at her sister as if she’d suddenly gone daft. Suddenly? Who was she kidding? Simone had always been a little on the flighty side.
Simone, the high school cheerleader, knew Allarie wasn’t in to sports. Somehow, Simone had managed to scrape out an associate’s degree in business management, but her social life had always been more important than school.
Allarie, unlike her younger more popular sister, was a nerd. And proud of it. High school had been hell when her sister became an instant success as a freshman, when most of the student body didn’t even know Allarie as a junior.
Now at twenty-six, Simone had a husband, a mortgage on a nice house, and ran Allarie’s chiropractic office.
And Allarie who suffered through a grueling chiropractic degree had a few rooms above her office and a lot of lonely nights.
“Al, aren’t you listening to me?”
She hadn’t been. Since they were young Allarie had the ability to shut out her sister’s words so that her voice just slightly buzzed in the background, but she always knew from her expression when she demanded a response. “Not listen to you? How would that even be possible?”
Simone’s husband, David, laughed and instantly quieted when his wife glared at him. Yeah, not tough to know who really wore the pants in that relationship. 
“Ha, ha. Very funny, Al. What are you going to do instead?” Simone raised her eyebrows.
“I’m going to go home and watch television or read. Is that so bad?” She knew her sister would think so.
“You’re twenty-eight years old and it’s a Friday night. You should be out having fun. You’re not getting any younger you know.”
Oh, no. She knew where this was going and she didn’t have the energy to deal with it tonight. “It’s been a busy week, I’m tired.”
“You’re not tired, you’re dull.”
“Thanks, Sim. That makes me feel so much better. Can’t tell you what fun it is having you for a sister.” They had the split second stare down before Simone glanced away. Not a good sign. Simone never looked away.
“Dave’s friend Chuck is coming over in about a half hour to watch the rest of the game. Why don’t you stay? We’ll have a few drinks...”
She should have known. “Oh, no, not a set up.”
Dave shook his head. “Swear Al, your matchmaking sister had nothing to do with this. He’s just coming to watch the game. He doesn’t even know you’ll be here. You don’t have to like each other. But he’s a nice guy. He teaches and coaches at the high school.” 
“I love you guys, really. But I’m not into sports.”
“You’ve never tried,” Simone whined. “You always had your head stuck in a book.”
“Better than stuck to some guy’s face.” The retort came too fast and she instantly regretted it. “No offense, Dave.”
He shrugged. “None taken. I took me years to be that face.” He pulled his wife close to him and nuzzled her neck.
Simone laughed and elbowed him. She turned back to Allarie and grinned. “Are you calling your only sister a slut?”
Allarie grinned back; relieved her sister hadn’t taken it as any more than the teasing it was. “If the tube top fits, babe.”
“Maybe I need to dig out an old tube top for you so you can snag a man.”
“Do not,” Allarie said starting the volley.
“Do so.”
“No wonder your parents winter in Florida. And at first I thought it was to get away from the cold weather.”
Allarie and Simone both turned to stare at Dave. He raised his hands in the air and stood up. “I’m getting a beer. Anyone want one?”
“I’ll have one, hun.” Simone blew him a kiss and Allarie shook her head no.
“Ohhh, Al, check out this one guy on television.” Simone slapped her thigh five times in quick succession. “He’s coming up to bat now. Wiggle it Wood.” Simone stared at the screen the way a child would watch the circus.
“Are you serious?”
“Watch.”
The ballplayer dug his left cleat into the dirt and started moving his shoes like he was doing a dance and the camera zoomed on his butt. The crowd screamed, “Wiggle it.”
For once Allarie had to agree with her sister. A very fine butt indeed did a few circular motions before stopping. “Strike one,” the referee called.
Dave entered the room again and handed his wife a beer. “Your favorite ass up to play?”
She stroked his back as he sat down. “No honey, you’re my favorite ass, but his is awfully cute too.”
Dave beamed at his wife. “You think my ass is better? Better than the most famous ass in Pawtucket?” He twisted his hips a bit and stretched a glance behind him at his own derriere.
“Of course, sweetie.” She leaned back and settled in the crook of his arm.
They had been married over a year, but it didn’t look like the honeymoon was fading. Inwardly, Allarie was thrilled for her sister. Dave was as good a guy as anyone could get and he treated her sister like a goddess. Outwardly, she spent a lot of time harassing them about affection in front of others. “Bleck, do I have to hear this? I feel the urge to gag.”
Dave acted wounded. “Hey, it’s important for a guy to know his wife would prefer him over a famous guy.”
Allarie eyed the television as the player wiggled his butt for a second time. “I’d hardly call a minor league ball player famous.”
“He’s famous in this city, you’re just still...” Simone stopped.
She knew why Simone stopped in the middle of a sentence. She didn’t want the conversation to go that way so she attempted to lighten it up. “What no insult? It’s what I live for.”
For the first time Simone’s expression was serious. “Al, I understood high school and college. You knew what you wanted and you kept your eye on the prize. But you became what you wanted to be. If Mark hadn’t died you’d be married by now. But he did and you have to move on. You can’t live like a monk forever. Now it’s time to reward yourself and have a little fun. You need a little ass of your own.”
Her heart clenched. She hadn’t dated as much as a lot of girls in school. Academics had always come first. Then in chiropractic school she met Mark. They were going to set up practice together, get married, have kids. One freak accident ended it all. She didn’t want to think about how her life might have been different. “I’m up to my neck in asses every day.”
“But they’re covered in underwear and a Johnny and they belong to someone else.”
“Tell you what, you check out their files and give me a sign when there’s a single one. I’ll pay extra attention to his, okay?”
Simone frowned and grumbled, “The asses that come to you are broken down and old.”
“Hey, I go to your sister,” Dave said. 
Simone patted his shoulder. “We’ve already decided you have a great ass, but a lot of the people who go to a chiropractor are older.”
Allarie threw her hands up in the air. “I’m out of here. You find me a nice piece of ass and I’ll take it seriously, but for now I’m going home.”
“You never let me fix you up,” Simone whined at her.
“We’re not looking for a date and forever are we? I thought we were talking about ass?”
“Yeah, like you’d take it.” 
Allarie kissed Dave and then her sister. “Who knows, maybe I’m a repressed slut?”
A cracking sound and cheering turned them all back to the television. Long legs sprinted around one base after another. Looked like Butt of the century hit a home run. Something inside her stomach tightened. That strong masculine body. What would it be like doing the horizontal mambo with an athlete? Strength. Endurance. The room suddenly became unbearably hot.
Fantasy or not, her sister was right. It had been too long. A fling wouldn’t kill her. The camera zoomed in on Fantabulous Cheeks only this time on his face. He lifted his cap and smiled. Allarie’s legs turned to Jello and she gripped the back of the chair to keep her from slipping to the floor. Yeah, no doubt about it, she needed to score.

***

The shitbox of a car Dailey had been driving made a sound resembling a cough. A terminal one. Reminded him of his career. He couldn’t play minor league ball forever. There just wasn’t enough money in it.
They barely made enough money to survive. He shared a three bedroom apartment furnished in early modern poverty with two other players. Evan only spent the season in Rhode Island. Half the year he moved back to Florida where he had a father who owned an automobile dealership. So Evan spent half the year with permanent employment.
It worked out well for Diego and Dailey. For one it was quieter in the off season when Evan wasn’t there. Luckily the rent was dirt cheap because Diego’s family owned the three family apartment house and lived on the bottom floor. They had a family renting the second floor with two boys, and sometimes either Diego or Dailey would take them to the park to watch them practice or to play catch.
Diego was a few years older than Dailey and already had his degree in nursing. During his free half season he worked in the hospital. He took a lot of flack for it, but did a good job and whenever he decided to retire from baseball he’d be hired in a minute. His reputation was well known.
Dailey was another matter. At twenty-five, after his season, he’d have one more semester of college. It wasn’t easy going to college one semester per year. Dailey had to go to school in the fall semester and work to pay his share of the rent.
At least after the next semester he’d be able to work full time during the off season. But he’d have to make a decision soon. A few more years and if he didn’t make it to the major leagues he’d leave and start a full time job all year. He just wasn’t sure doing what. He couldn’t really see himself as an accountant, but it was a little late to change his major now.
The car choked along groaning Dailey’s insecurities. He needed to make money before he could buy a halfway decent car. He was good enough and getting better. If only he’d get called up.
His mind unfortunately was on his musing when he heard the crunch. The woman on the cell phone swore although he couldn’t hear her. The phone dropped from her ear as her car lurched away from his. Just what he friggin needed, a banged up old car. Like it didn’t have enough issues.
Dailey pulled over to the side of the road to assess the damage. The beautiful woman leapt out of the car and stamped her foot like a child. “Shit, shit, shit,” she yelled as she ran over to his car to check the damage.
He hoped the hell she realized it was her fault.
Dailey opened his door and stepped out of the vehicle. As he stood pain radiated from the bottom of his back to the top. It blinded him and he groaned.
“Oh my God, are you okay? I’m so sorry. Car doesn’t look too bad. Of course I’ll pay for it. I just looked down for a minute. The stinking phone rang and I grabbed it from inside my purse. Then crunch. I feel fine though. No physical damage. You’re okay, right? If your...” Suddenly she looked at him and stopped talking. “Holy shit, Dailey Wood.”
The pain intensified. The only thing worse than being injured, was someone else knowing about the injury. He couldn’t afford for anything to go wrong now. Not now when he was so close to his goal. He would get called up this season. He knew it. But not if there were any rumors going around about him having any kind of injury.
“I’m fine,” he said as he tried to straighten. He winced in spite of his effort to hide the pain.
“Oh, God. Back problem? Shit, I’ve killed Dailey Wood. I’ll be run out of the city.”
Well he had to give her credit. At least in the midst of a crisis, she maintained a sense of humor. “You haven’t killed me. There’s nothing wrong.”
She looked him over the way she had done the car and her tone became more serious. “I’m not stupid. I can see you’re in pain.”
He shook his head and wished he hadn’t. “No. No pain. But I will need you to fix my car.”
“Are you going to call the police?”
“I don’t think you want that any more than I do. As long as you fix the car we’re good.”
The pretty woman fished through her purse and pulled out a card. He noticed a wedding ring sparkled her unavailability. Too bad. She was a looker. Then he got a good look at the card. Healy Chiropractic. She might be able to help him after all. “You’re a chiropractor?”
“No. Not me. My sister. Hey, I could get her to fix your back for you. For free and off the record.”
“Wouldn’t want anyone to know I was seeing anyone for my back, not that it’s hurt. Might be a good idea to have it checked out though. She could do that, couldn’t she?”
“Sure. I’m just heading back there now. We close at five but she lives over the office. If you stop by around five thirty no one will see you. And I’ll set up an appointment to have that dent fixed.”
Dailey looked back down at the card and nodded. “Five-thirty today?” he asked. A twang of pain shot up as he moved.
“Today’s fine. We’ll be expecting you.”
If only he could trust her to keep her mouth shut. “You’re not going to say anything to anyone?”
Her eyes widened. “Are you kidding? My husband would kill me. We’re both fans.”
Dailey didn’t know if being a fan would really keep her quiet, but he hoped her being at fault for the accident would. She wouldn’t want anyone knowing about the cell phone. That could really cost her. “And your sister the chiropractor?”
“Not so much into baseball, but a good doctor. Don’t worry. She’ll know what to do.”
Almost as soon as the words were spoken, the woman’s expression changed. Her eyes opened wide as if she suddenly thought of something important. Then her head tilted coquettishly and she smiled up at him. “Yup, I’m thinking this could work out nicely.”






Chapter Two

“You did what?” Allarie asked.
“Oh come on. I couldn’t afford to have it go against my insurance. If there’s anything wrong with him you’ll know. More than likely it’s something you can fix. He’ll be here soon. And it’s your fault anyway.”
“My fault? You get in a car accident and it’s my fault?” Allarie knew Simone didn’t like to take responsibility for things, but this was even beyond her.
“If you hadn’t called my cell, I wouldn’t have looked down while I was driving to get the phone, and I never would have hit him. So of course it’s your fault.”
The bell on the door rang as it opened and Simone put her finger up to her mouth for quiet. “I’ll go out and put him in room three,” she whispered. “And Allarie, Thanks.”
Allarie went into her office trying to imagine a day she wouldn’t feel responsible for her younger sister. What if she’d been hurt? What if she seriously injured the man she’d now have to treat for nothing for the rest of his life? The problem with this little scenario was this man could continue coming for treatments and there would be nothing they could do about it. Allarie took one call before entering exam room three.
She stopped dead. So this was one of Simone’s jokes. Lying down with an open Johnny was a perfectly proportioned man with the most magnificent ass she’d ever seen.
A real patient would have had a tied Johnny. This fake fix up of her sister’s, this dream encounter was resting while the open Johnny flowed down toward the floor. His derriere might as well have been an artistic display. Well, she had said if her sister came across a nice piece of ass, she’d take it.
Damn that Simone. What did she have to do this for? And was this guy some sort of prostitute? Eww. Where’d she find him? Was he a friend of David’s meant to entice her into a date? Well, she could play at this game.
She looked around for a chart. Nothing. Yeah, that was another sign this whole thing wasn’t for real. “Hi, I’m Doctor Healy and you would be my sister’s accident victim, correct?”
“Dailey.”
“Mr. Dailey.”
“No. Wood,” he said without turning his head or looking up.
“No wood. What does that mean, no wood?”
“I’m not Mr. Dailey. I’m Mr. Wood. Dailey Wood.”
Where had she heard that name before? More than likely from her sister. “This is some sort of joke, right?”
“No. That’s me. The ball player. Dailey Wood. I’m surprised she didn’t tell you.”
The ball player. The one they had talked about the other night. Nicest ass in town. That’s what Simone had implied and now she had convinced said piece of meat that her older, sexless sister needed a bit of wood. Son of a bitch.
Allarie sidled up next to him and gulped. In spite of herself, she had to agree this was one very nice ass. Well, she supposed if this was an invitation... Allarie raised her hand high and slapped one perfect cheek.
The howl that erupted made her jump straight into the air and question the joke. From the man’s obvious pain, her dim-witted sister must have actually plowed into his car. Now not only could he sue for the accident, but also for sexual harassment.
She placed her hand at the back of his spine, and with her fingers maneuvered the area around the vertebrae. “So sorry, Mr. Wood. I thought you were a joke.”
“Excuse me? You thought what?” Dailey grumbled.
“I thought my sister...” Not knowing how to put it, Allarie sighed.
“Does your family have something against the Pawsox, Red Sox maybe?”
Allarie couldn’t tell how much of the grumbling was pain and how much was attempted humor. “The only socks that matter to me are clean and matching. I’m not a sports fan of any kind.” Might as well let him know up front she wouldn’t worship at his altar.
“Could’ve fooled me. I’d swear you’re in league with the Yankees. Both you and your sister. Why on earth did you hit me? I’m a bit tender after the accident.”
Oh yeah, a bit of sarcasm to go with the pain. “Figured that out when you wailed like an infant.”
He raised his head now and attempted to turn it. He groaned and couldn’t turn his head far enough for them to look eye to eye. “Are you like this with all your patients?”
“No, Sir, just the ones who go commando.”
He paused for a second as if he were confused. “Your sister said to take everything off except for my socks.”
Allarie couldn’t help but chuckle. “Oh you gotta love Simone. Such a kidder that one. No, normally you keep your underwear on and I just fold down the end a bit.”
“I still don’t get it and it doesn’t explain the hit.”
“Lie back down,” she said as she pressed against his back. “I thought she lied and was just trying to fix me up.”
His tone became deeper, huskier. “Does she often fix you up with naked men?”
“No, it’d be a first for even her, but she’s been desperate lately. Now take a deep breath, and breathe out.”
CRRRRACKKK.
“I’m paralyzed. Did you hear that? You broke every bone in my back.” The husky voice had suddenly become an octave higher.
“Do you feel any relief?”
He seemed to think a minute before he replied. “Actually, yes.”
“I need to do it again. Breathe in, release.” Allarie pressed down again and a series of slight popping sounds signaled his alignment. “Turn to your left.”
Dailey turned and exposed himself even more. He pulled at the thin cotton Johnny to cover his package. “You understand now why it’s important to keep on the underwear.”
“But I didn’t...”
“What, think? I know, blame it all on poor Simone.” 
He held on to the cloth and turned, indignant, ready to state his case, but stopped when he saw she was smiling at him. Her smile froze when he returned the gesture. His smile was as magnificent as his ass.
If her sister was going to run others off the road in order to ensure a booming business, Allarie hoped they all looked like this one. Damn it, this had better have been a real accident, because if Simone rammed the guy on purpose, she’d have to seek psychiatric help for her well meaning sister. No, even Simone wasn’t that crazy.
“I'm going to need to do some x-rays. Just to make sure there isn't any real damage.”
At this his smile flat-lined. “No can do. That would show up on my insurance. Even if you took care of it there would be a record and I can't have any documentation showing up. No one can know about this.”
Staring down at him, Allarie tried to make sense of what he said. She could understand her sister not wanting anyone to know. But what would this man have to lose? Then suddenly she got it. He must have seen the recognition dawn because he nodded. 
“I see,” she said. “Well, this could be difficult then. The relief you feel now will only be temporary. I'm not sure how many alignments you'll need.”
For a few seconds neither one spoke. “No one can know. Do whatever you need to do as often as you need to do it but my career is on the line. I'm not going to risk losing the opportunity of a lifetime because someone thinks this little twinge in my back is a bigger deal than it is. Besides, I'm feeling better already.”
“Good. Get dressed and meet me in the front office. We can talk some more there.” She turned and made a hasty exit hoping the fix would be as easy as a few weeks of adjustments. If Simone really blasted this man's career to dust she had a feeling they might all be moving out of state.

***

“Where's my car?” This couldn't be happening. How the hell had the other blonde removed his car in the short time they'd been in the other room? 
The doctor, chiropractor, whatever she was, named Allarie, frowned at the note her sister had left on the counter. “Looks like she's one step ahead of you. A crunched car would alert people to the fact you were in an accident. Her husband teaches auto shop at the technical school. She had him take it to their house to fix.”
Shit. His mind hadn't been working. “What am I supposed to do in the meantime?”
“Looks like I have the honor of taking you home. There's no point getting upset, she's right. Dave'll have it fixed in no time. It'll be priority one, trust me.”
No doubt he hadn't been thinking since the first moment of impact. Now his mind decided to work and a million problems presented themselves. Anger reared its ugly head and he snapped. “I have no reason to trust you. And what'll I say about not having wheels?”
Her voice remained calm and soothing. “Pick a problem. Engine. Or some other something that might need a part and a few days to fix.”
Her calm only irritated him more. “A few days? Is that how long I'll be without a car?”
His anger didn't seem to have any effect on her. She shrugged. “To be honest? No clue. But he'll fix it as soon as humanly possible. The one thing he won't want is for his wife to get into any kind of trouble. He dotes on her.”
Dailey digested the facts in front of him. No point in going off. The good doctor didn't do this and had gone out of her way to help her sibling out of trouble. He took a good look at her now. Come to think of it they looked alike. Easy on the eyes. Her hair hung loose framing a perfect face. He glanced lower and now without her lab coat her curves were easily recognizable. “I understand why.”
A frown quickly marred the pretty face. He hadn't meant it to sound insulting, but some women could take it the wrong way. Evidentially, she did.
“I didn't mean anything by it. She's just very beautiful.”
This earned him a roll of the eyes.
“A lot of men dote on beautiful women. I didn't mean I'm that shallow or that there's anything wrong with her husband.”
The frown turned into a deep scowl. Now he seemed to have pissed her off. “Dave's a great guy and he sees more than just her looks.”
“I'm not trying to insult him or her for that matter. You look like your sister. I'm sure you must have had men falling over you because of your looks. What? You going to pretend you've never been noticed before?”
A buzz sounded from inside Dailey's pants. He reached in his pocket and looked at the screen. “Shit. I have to take this,” he said as he answered it.
Allarie turned and pretended not to listen to his end of the conversation. She did though. Listen intently. He could tell from the tilt of her head and how she pretended to look out into space at nothing. And now this phone call to add a problem and top off the cake. This day was quickly going from bad to worse. Now what was he going to do? He hadn't planned on bring a date, but maybe he could have his new doc at his side. She certainly was pretty enough. “Do you have plans for tonight?” he asked without fully thinking it through.
“Other than driving you home and then curling up with a good book?”
As long as she wasn't curling up with someone else. “The book'll have to wait. I'm needed at an event. I forgot about it and I can't go without wheels. Looks like you're the ride. Hope you like chicken. That's all they ever serve at these events.”
“What things?”
The squeak in her voice made him smile. Yeah, the girl was flustered. “Throughout the state there'll be a political function, a charity event, this, that, the other thing, people comp us all the time to have some sort of pseudo-celebrity there. Just in case the real celebrities don't show. This one's for higher education. You live upstairs, right?”
“So?”
“I can hang here while you shower and change.” He grabbed a magazine - sports related - and sat in one of the office chairs.
She stood for a moment without moving. He glanced up at her. “Come on. We don't have a lot of time. I'll still have to go home, shower, and change too. Look at it this way, you pretend to be my date and you get a chicken dinner and maybe some new clients.” Normally he used charm rather than arrogance to get a date. For the life of him he couldn’t figure out why he bullied the woman in front of him. Or maybe he did. A woman like her wouldn’t fall for phony charm. She would, however, do whatever she needed to for her sister. Instinctively, he acted like she didn’t have a choice.
“Pretend. Date?” She sighed. “New clients, huh? I could use the business.” Nodding, she turned, and disappeared around the corner.
Dailey zeroed in on her ass as she walked away. What the hell was he thinking? Inviting her to dinner? She could have dropped him off at his apartment and he could have talked Diego into going with him or letting him borrow his car. There would have been time to come up with a car problem on the way home. Of course Diego had his own events he'd have to attend and wouldn't want to add another to it, but he could always offer to take one of his later on.
His mind must have been locked in planet of the horny. What if she slipped? What if someone put the idea of her being a chiropractor together with him and came up with injury? Damn. Those eyes had twisted his guts and the sensation went straight to his crotch.
The married sister might have been prettier in a traditional way. But the single one had these huge doe eyes. Innocent and provocative all at the same time. And intelligent. A myriad of contradictions shouting, “I'm worth figuring out.”
The sound of the shower turning on overhead sent his mind in another direction. His own wood hardened like glass. Right above his head water graced her naked body. Oh, how he'd like to see it, touch it, taste it. Dailey groaned. How would he ever get through tonight?






Chapter Three

Allarie whispered into the phone. “Get back here now. And bring me a nice dress or something.”
Pans clanged in the background. “I'm making dinner. What do you need a dress for?”
“The famous ass downstairs is insisting I not only take him home, but be his ride for tonight. Maybe I should just let him borrow my car?”
The squeal from the other end of the phone would no doubt leave her deaf. “OMG! He asked you on a date? You're going out with Wiggle it Wood. Damn, girl. Do you ever go for the gold? I'm not talking about money there either.”
“No shit, you're not talking money. He might be well known, but did you get a load of the car he was driving? Not exactly rolling in it.”
Simone’s tone changed. “When did you become a gold digger?”
“I'm not. I'm not interested in his money or lack thereof. And I'm also not interested in a grown man who plays ball for a living. Be serious.”
“But you're going on the date?” The hope in her voice tugged at Allarie's heart. Simone just wanted the best for her. Deep down she knew that, but Simone could be the most meddling pain in the butt this side of the Rockies.
“The way I see it there's not much choice. Now get me a stinking dress that'll make this charade look real. Every dress I own is,” she paused trying to find the right word. Conservative would have been the right word, but it made her seem old and Allarie couldn't admit she didn't even own a dress suitable for a date.
“Where are you going?”
“Sounds like some type of banquet. Wah-hoo, rubber chicken. Get here by the time I'm out of the shower. Five minutes and come in through the upstairs door so he won't see you and then sneak out after you do my make-up.”
“I'll be there. Don't worry.”
Allarie hung up the phone and turned on the shower. She tossed her clothes on the floor and stepped in. The water sluiced over her body. So much for the book she'd been planning on reading.
None of it seemed real. Simone's accident. An injured hunk. And boy was he hunky. Not the type of guy who usually looked at her. But then again she had no usual type. Was he joking? She'd never had anyone falling all over her. Except Mark. She winced and tried to shut out that part of her life. 
Whereas Simone always played up her looks and had the personality to pull it off, Allarie downplayed her appearance. Most of it had to do with confidence. That and not knowing how to properly apply make-up.
Her leisure consisted of study, reading, and more study. Half the time she raced around in T-shirts and comfy jeans, hair pulled up in a severe ponytail. Who had time to research what style caught the male eye?
He'd caught her with her hair down. She'd pulled the scrunchie out at five o'clock to signal quitting time. She supposed some sort of resemblance existed between her and Simone, but she'd never really thought about it.
The man had no idea his words were in fact truth. A warm feeling settled over her. He thought Simone was a looker and he thought she looked like Simone. That two and two added up to a blush burning up her skin which had nothing to do with hot water.
She turned the knob off and grabbed the towel as she stepped out of the shower. “Jesus, Simone. You scared the shit out of me.”
“You said to get here fast. I brought a few to choose from.” 
Simone held up a navy dress short enough to have been purchased in the children's section, a red strapless number that screamed holidays, and a coco colored jersey number that no doubt would mold to her body like cling wrap. What a choice? She pointed to the red one. “No. That one has Christmas party written all over it.”
Simone hung it on the hook on the back of the door. “Okay, the blue or the brown?”
The brown would cling, but at least it would cover her boobs and her ass. She sighed. “I'll have to go with the brown.”
She hung the blue one with the other one and handed the brown to Allarie. “Good choice. It'll accentuate your body and bring out your eyes.”
Allarie glared at her sister. “Go through the make up while I get dressed.” She pushed a brush through her hair and threw on the dress. She had a nice pair of patent leather brown heals that she wore with a pair of slacks she had that she didn't want to bother to get hemmed.
Simone barged in with the blow dryer and started on her hair. “You don't know how long I'm been dying to do this.”
“Just hurry.”
Fifteen minutes later Simone smirked at her. “I'm out of here, but you better stop by before you go home tonight. I don't care how late it is. Unless you don't come home.” She giggled. “Now wouldn't that be fun? Damn. Banging, Dailey Wood.”
“I'm not banging anyone's wood and I'm not stopping by later either.”
“Call me then. You know if you don't I'll be banging on your door in the middle of the night.”
“Fine. I'll call. Now scat.”
Simone tip-toed across the floor with her finger in front of her mouth feigning silence and a big shit eating grin across her face. When the door silently closed Allarie went to the mirror to see how she faired. Holy crap, if she didn't know it was her, Allarie would have sworn Simone stood there in front of the mirror.

***

The sound of high heels descending the staircase caused Dailey to jump to his feet. The air stopped in his lungs. Surely this couldn’t be the same woman? Ba-bam. All the wonder and wide-eyed innocence, intelligence, and hotty, hot hot all rolled into one.
He'd wondered how people might react to his date. He didn't need to wonder now. The type of girl he normally paraded around town stood in front of him. In spite of his lack of money, many women threw themselves at him. Now if that was because they thought he might soon come in to money or because they liked the fame he already had, he couldn't know. That fame came from his start up. Wiggle it Wood. No where else in the country or in any other sport for that matter was an athlete known for his butt.
It got him the girls in droves. Allarie now looked like one of those very girls. He wouldn't have to wonder what people would think. They'd probably not even think about her occupation. Who'd believe anyone that looked like her could be a doctor. He knew thinking it wasn't fair, but the real world hardly ever was.
For a split second he didn't mind the fact he'd been in an accident. As long as the pain didn't come back, it would have been worth meeting her.
That's it. He'd lost his mind.
“Do I look okay? I'm not over or under dressed, am I?”
“No. You look great. Perfect. Wow. You just look different from the way you look in the office. Which of course you would. Look different that is.” He shook his head. Ridiculous. Women never made him tongue tied. Yet here he was and not an intelligent word around.
That was the problem. He thought of her as too smart for him. Dailey frowned at the thought. He wasn't stupid. But she was a doctor. And he hit a ball. What was he thinking?
“Um, are you sure? You seem - quiet.”
“No. Just dazzled by your beauty.” Now that was the guy that charmed them far and near. The look on her face showed she wasn't falling for it.
“Why don't we go? You still need to get ready. Do we have much time?”
“About an hour and a half. That means we need to get to my apartment - about fifteen minutes from here, I need to get ready, and then we need to get to Bristol - about forty minutes. That gives me thirty-five minutes if we leave now.”
Allarie grabbed her keys and the two of them headed out to the car. For some reason when they arrived at his apartment, Dailey felt embarrassed. He'd taken other women in before and not thought much about his poverty. His fame always equaled it out. Tonight it didn't. This was one woman he wished he could impress. He couldn't do it with money. Since she didn't follow sports, he had nothing with which to recommend himself. He didn't like the feeling. To make matters worse, Diego had been cooking up a storm and the entire apartment stunk of onion and unknown spices. A plate sat on the coffee table in front of the television, and whatever contraption he had made congealed and clung to the plate.
Diego introduced himself and started chatting while Dailey headed off to the shower. He had to make it fast. He didn't want Allarie to notice Diego's sincere charms any more than he wanted Diego to find out too much about his date for the evening. What would he think if he learned the truth?
He showered in record time and they were out the door earlier than even he could have imagined. Before they'd exhausted too many topics they arrived at their destination giving Dailey a reprieve from his nervousness. Once in the limelight the persona kicked in. Bashful got the boot, and Dashing Dailey dazzled the crowds. He wore Allarie on his arm proudly, for once not just parading eye candy. 
“How about a drink?”
“I’m the one driving remember?” Allarie asked.
“Not likely to forget. One drink won’t hurt though. It’ll be soaked up by the time we leave.”
Allarie shrugged. “I guess one glass of wine will be okay.”
Dailey placed his hand on the small of her back and turned her in the direction of the bar. A space opened up as they approached and the bartender nodded at her. “Pinot Grigio.” She glanced back to Dailey who stood slightly behind her.
“Club Soda.” He took out a twenty and placed it on the bar.
Allarie’s mouth dropped open. “You’re not having a drink?” She eyed him like he had an ulterior motive. He thought about it and grinned. Who knows? Maybe he did.
“I don’t normally drink at functions like this. Too easy to get into trouble that way. I need to keep my head clear. And half the time there’s a game the next day. People see you with one drink they buy you another. I don’t feel guilty about tossing a club soda and people are less likely to buy me another.”
He handed her the glass of wine and she glared at it as if she’d made a fatal mistake. “It’s just one glass,” he said to her. “You don’t have to get another one.”
Tentatively, Allarie took a sip. “It’s good.” Just as she spoke the MC for the evening approached the microphone and asked the guests to take their seats. As the first speaker began discussing the pitfalls of declining education, the chicken began being served. Only it wasn’t rubber. This succulent dish made the entire evening worth it. “I thought you said the chicken would be tasteless.”
“Sorry, I was wrong. That’s normally the case. Tonight it’s just the speaker that’s tasteless.”
“I wasn’t listening,” she whispered as she dug in to the rest of the meal.
Sure enough, before her glass was even finished, a waitress placed another in front of her. “Oh, no. I didn’t order this.”
An elderly man sitting to her right nodded at her. “It’s okay; I ordered a round for the table.”
“Oh, but…” she hesitated for a second and then must have decided to accept graciously. “Thank you.” 
“You don’t have to finish it if you don’t want,” Dailey said. “And I can always drive.”
Allarie leaned close to him and whispered in his ear. “I’ve seen what your driving looks like, so no thanks to that one.”
Luckily the lighting in the room was subdued and since the speaker still rambled on they had to whisper. Still, she knew her sister had been at fault so it bothered Dailey that she’d question his driving acumen. He’d show her he knew how to drive. She looked like a lightweight. One more drink and she’d be begging for him to drive.
She brought the glass to her lips and took a sip. Bright pink lipstick. Shiny. Wet looking. Dailey groaned. What the hell was she doing to him?






Chapter Four
 
 Allarie opened her eyes wider to try and focus. How had she ended up drinking three glasses of wine? Two was always her limit. But she hadn’t counted on the spicy chicken. What kind of event served spicy chicken anyway? What had they been thinking? She had downed her glass of water and when that hadn’t taken the fire out of her mouth; she chugged the second glass of wine like it had been water. Another glass had appeared almost like magic.
The server had confused her plate with the person next to her. To be honest, she could understand the confusion. The plates looked the same. But the couple next to her had asked for a little extra heat and had been obliged. Except, Allarie ended up with the heat instead. Of course after she had taken a few bites and realized the error it was too late to switch dinners.
As they reached the car Allarie knew, like it or not, it wouldn’t be wise to get behind the wheel. She glared at the keys, ticked off her capacities were limited. She sighed and handed them to Dailey. “Here. Looks like you need to drive after all.”
“So you trust me even after the jab about my driving?”
“Nope. Don’t trust you at all, but at least I know you haven’t been drinking which means your head probably isn’t spinning the way mine is.”
He stepped back and seemed to study her. “You’re drunk? You don’t seem it.”
“I wouldn’t run all the way to drunk, but at the same time wouldn’t want to be responsible for getting us both home safely.”
“So how are we going to play this? Do you want me to drop you off and then return your car in the morning? Or…” he moved close to her and reached around her to open the car door.
His cologne, mixed with the heady scent of raw male, invaded her senses and made her head dizzier than the wine. A sensation started way down in her toes and moved up her body like a thermometer on a hot day. She felt the sudden urge to fan herself. What was he talking about? Did he require an answer? She ignored him and slipped into the passenger seat and tugged on the door.
He stood there for a moment as if he was unsure of what to do next and then walked around the car and eased into the driver’s seat. He drove slowly as if he didn’t want the night to end and let the car idle when they first reached her driveway.
“Park all the way in the back,” she said. “I like to leave the spots out front for the patients.”
He stared at her as if taking it all in before he moved the car to the back and then helped her out of the vehicle. Allarie walked up the stairs that lead directly to her apartment and stopped when she realized he had her keys. No wonder he acted strange. The poor guy didn’t know what to do next. He opened the door and escorted her inside before she could manage a comment.
The keys dangled from his hand, questioning. Now what? Did she let this man she barely knew take her car for the night? Or let this man she barely knew spend the night in her house? This was a toughie. On the one hand, she knew who he was, so even if he didn’t return her car she knew how to find him. But he’d also been in an accident earlier and she couldn’t know if it had been a tiny bit his fault or entirely her sister’s. That meant she would be risking her prized possession - the one new thing she owned - and had high payments on.
But to let him stay in her home, how crazy was that? She bit her lip while the dilemma carried on a debate in her mind. Her bedroom door locked. She could delegate him to the couch and then safely lock her door. For a moment she thought of the look on Simone’s face in the morning. She giggled. It’d be worth it. 
He strolled toward her, eyes questioning, hand still clutching the keys. “How are you feeling?”
“I may have a small headache in the morning, but otherwise, no problem.”
“Take some aspirin with water now. It may fend it off.” He took another step closer and although he hadn’t yet invaded her personal space, he was close. Close enough to touch if she wanted to. Where had that thought come from? Focus. No, don’t. He’s too close. The scent of him pervaded again and she groaned.
The sound seemed to flip a switch and Dailey leaned in and pulled her head toward his. His tantalizing mouth descended and sucked out her last bit of sanity. She opened her mouth and kissed him back. Hungry. As if she hadn’t eaten in…well, come to think of it she hadn’t sated that kind of hunger for longer than she cared to admit. Her way of dealing with things had been to ignore them. Forget she was a woman. She couldn’t forget now, not with him kissing the life out of her. Her hands came up to his shoulders and slid up and down his biceps. Holy shit was he ever a man.
He broke away and loosened his tie. “You sure about this?”
Her foggy head couldn’t quite grasp the question. She tried to focus but couldn’t grasp what he was trying to ask.  “Sure about what?”
The corner of his perfect mouth turned up slightly and he bent his head toward her. He nibbled on her ear and whispered, “This, us, what we’re about to do.”
If he had stuck her in the shower and turned on the freezing cold water he couldn’t have shaken her from her fog any quicker. Images of the two of them rolling around on her unmade bed made her cheeks burn. Her legs barely held her up and the area between them moistened quickly. Why oh why was she wanting this? With a baseball player no less. And a patient to boot. She couldn’t screw a patient. She couldn’t screw anyone. Certainly not on dirty sheets. “I think I’ve had a little too much to drink. Let me get you a pillow and a blanket. You’ll be okay on the couch until morning, right? Then I’ll drive you home.”
He sighed as if he somehow knew the night would not be going his way and then dropped the keys into her hand. “Couch will be fine.” He pulled off his tie and started unbuttoning his shirt.
No, no, no. Half naked won’t work with the kind of mood I’m in. With alacrity Allarie found the items she needed from the linen closet and made up the couch for him. She looked up and he stood there, no shirt, belt unbuckled, and stockinged feet. “Goodnight.” She raced off to her bedroom and locked the door before she changed her mind.
She stripped out of her clothes and didn’t bother to place a nightgown over her head, but slid under the sheets naked. What would she do in the morning? Was Dailey just as naked lying on her couch? Her head ached with the thought of it. Or maybe it was just the wine. But she couldn’t get up and take anything now. She’d have to go out there to get to the bathroom and that wasn’t an option. One sight of him naked and everything she believed in would be thrown out the window. Would there be anything so wrong with that? Go to bed, stupid. Answer that question when you’ve haven’t been drinking.

***

Dailey stretched out and hit his foot for the thousandth time on the edge of the couch. His body ached, but not more than his cojones. His rod stood stiff as a pike. If she came out of the other room now there’d be no way to hide his embarrassment. This girl, unlike most of the ones he met, wasn’t into ripping off his shorts and riding him into the sunset. Unfortunately. Because this was one woman he could definitely be into.
Get up. Get in the shower and let the warm water deflate his enthusiasm the way she had deflated his ego. Still, there was a point last night when she seemed responsive, but that might have just been the booze. She’d said as much and then high-tailed it off to her room. And locked the door. He heard the click announcing just in case he wasn’t sure, that it wasn’t happening, no way, no how. 
He got up and plodded off to the bathroom. The shower did exactly what it was supposed to. Now that his early morning arousal was in check he could go back out into the living room, don his clothes, and put on some coffee. Maybe the smell would wake up the sleeping princess and then he’d be able to get a ride home. Or he could just call a cab. Why hadn’t he thought of that last night? Oh, that’s right; because he wasn’t capable of any kind of intelligent thought after that kiss.
He toweled dry trying to forget it when the door opened and a sleepy Allarie entered the room - naked. She paused when halted by his form in the room and her eyes widened in recognition. She must have forgotten he was there. If he’d been a better man he would have kept his gaze on her face. Apparently devoid of willpower, his eyes were pulled down by gravity, because they started at her face but covered her entire body before she even seemed to realize she stood there naked. Guilt didn’t bother him for long as her eyes drank in his nakedness. She zeroed in on the appendage he’d kept under control, but once her eyes remained there it rose to the occasion.
Some little type of squeak escaped her lips and she turned and bolted from the tiny room with him on her heels. They both stopped short in front of Simone who dropped the cardboard holder hugging two Dunkin Donuts coffees. Her mouth hung open as coffee splashed all over the floor. Simone attempted to make some sort of sound, but couldn’t seem to formulate a word. Allarie veered left, ran to her room and shut the door. Dailey reversed direction, headed back for the bathroom and placed his underwear on.
When he came back out Simone still stood in the exact same spot. He strolled by her, picked up his pants and slid into them. Her mouth hung open and she moved it as if still unable to formulate a sentence. Finally a gust of air escaped her lungs and she sputtered, “You, you….you,” and then shook her head.
Hmm, he liked her better this way. Yesterday, he didn’t think there would be anything that could shock her. Now she stood stunned at her sister’s seeming indiscretion. So was it because he wasn’t Allarie’s type and he somehow wasn’t worthy of even a lay? Or was her sister some kind of super prude? There had to be a reason Simone had suddenly gone mute and into shock. He quickly replaced the rest of his clothes and before he finished tying his shoes Allarie emerged from her room dressed in jeans and a pullover shirt.
“You’ve got it all wrong. Don’t take that leap, Simone. Remember who you are jumping to conclusions about.”
Simone looked up at him, her split second of hope turning to disappointment. She made a face. “I should have known. And I was so stunned I didn’t even get to fully enjoy my eyeful.”
“How’d you like me to tell your hubby about that eyeful?”
“Spoiled sport.” Simone turned to Dailey. “No clue why you were both naked in the bathroom, but I’m sure the fun Nazi has a reasonable explanation. It’s not like she’d break down and actually have a good time.”
“Don’t exactly know the guy, Simone. There are some people on this planet who get to know each other first, unlike you.”
“And there are some people on this planet that know sex is a pleasurable act between two consenting adults. Um, that would be unlike you.”
“I’m starting to think you hit him just to get me laid.”
“Oh, don’t be ridiculous, Al. I’d never bang up my Mustang just so you could get some.”
Dailey looked from one to the other. Talk about illuminating. And this was one show that was extremely fun to watch. Still, he had to admit he wasn’t used to being completely ignored. “I’m still here, you know.”
“We know,” they both said together.
“Why are you here so early anyway?” Allarie asked her sister.
“To find out if you let your hair down a little. Why were you both nakey in the bathroom?”
“Simone. I forgot he was here and he was getting out of the shower as I was trying to get in. Surprise. For everyone. Damn, look what you did to the carpet.”
Simone picked up the two empty coffee cups and threw them in the trash. She took a dishtowel from the kitchen drawer and ran it under the sink. “I’ll blot it up, but you’ll have to put something on it.
Dailey shook his head. The sisters could be exasperating. He stretched and placed his palm on the center of his back as a twinge of pain made him groan.
Both women stopped their banter and stared at him. “I’ve killed you. I’ve really killed you,” Simone half whined.
“He’s not in bad condition at all. There’s nothing to show any permanent damage. He’s just a little out of alignment because of the jolt. A couple of weeks max and he won’t even need me anymore.”
Simone seemed pained, and whined out her guilt. “Then why does he seem to be in agony?”
“He’s probably just stiff from sleeping on my uncomfortable couch.”
“Caught ‘stiff’ coming out of the bathroom. Now there’s an appropriate term if I ever heard one.” She laughed while Allarie rolled her eyes. When the two of them got going he might as well not be in the room.
“I need to get home. So how’s my car looking?” he asked.
“Another day or so. Not long really. It’ll get it done quickly. Promise.”
Dailey didn’t know how much her promise was worth, but right now he didn’t have any choice but to believe her. He looked from one to the other. “So, about that ride?”
“Simone, since you’re already dressed why don’t you take him home while I shower and get ready for work? You can stop and get more coffee on the way back.” She turned to Dailey, “Figure out a good time to come back for an adjustment though, especially after the night on the couch.”
“I have a seven o’clock game tonight. Why don’t I get you both tickets right up front? We always have some reserved. Simone, one for your husband too.” Her high pitched squeal caused him to jump and wince in pain again.






Chapter Five

“What do you mean you don’t want to go? Dave and I are thrilled. We want to go. We’ll get to meet all the other players too. Dailey said he’d introduce us.”
“You are actually getting a kick out of this, aren’t you? Remember me? I’m the one who doesn’t like sports. Sitting there for hours watching grown men swing at a little ball will be like watching paint dry. I’ll be in agony.”
Simone picked up the nail file on the desk and started shaping her nails. “As long as Wiggle It is not feeling any pain, that’s all that matters. With you at the game if anything goes wrong, you can always sneak off for a second and adjust him.”
“Do you ever think of anyone besides yourself?”
“Thinking of you, Sis. If ever anyone needed some wood it’s you. So give me the scoop on last night. You seriously made him sleep on the couch? You know, you don’t have to marry the guy.”
A strangled sound came from Allarie’s throat and she turned to pick up some files so she’d have something to look at. She knew she had to return to land of the living, but the longer she stayed away from life, the harder it was to get back in the game.
“I’m sorry, Al. Poor choice of words. I just mean it could be a transition relationship. You need a man, and boy, oh boy, is he ever a man. And for him to take you out last night rather than just getting dropped off must mean he’s a little bit interested. Didn’t he seem interested to you? Unless he wakes up happy every morning. Dave does.”
“Eww, TMI.”
“We’re sisters. If I can’t tell you, who can I tell?”
Allarie rolled her eyes again. “Okay, so he did think something was going to happen last night. And, to be honest, I actually considered it, or at least while he was kissing me…”
Simone’s squeal had a pitch high enough to shatter glass. “Ohhh, he kissed you. That’s wonderful, Al. See? He likes you. One of the biggest bachelors in the state and my sis snags him. You go girl.”
“I haven’t snagged anyone and I freaked out in the middle of the kiss.”
Simone looked at her sister and frowned. She reached for her hand and held it for a moment. “It’ll be easier next time. Just let it happen. And whatever you do, don’t let yourself think.”
“Not thinking has never been one of my strong points. You know I over think everything.”
“Not this time. For once in your life just allow yourself to go with the moment, to let your feelings win over your thoughts.”
Allarie let that statement simmer and tasted it later that night, when they were seated in a very prestigious section of the stadium, each holding a hot dog in one hand and a soda in the other. In spite of the fact he played a child’s game for a living and seemed to be taking on some type of crazy celebrity status recently, she couldn’t help but admit two things. 
First, she enjoyed his company. They were very rarely in a lull of conversation the night before and she hadn’t realized how much she missed one on one discussion with a man. Second, and most frightening, the attraction that bubbled between them left her all steamed up. Her body never revved up like that for anyone in the past. Not even her fiancé and she loved him. So much so that she could never love again. But could she do what Simone suggested? 
Certainly this man could be a fun distraction. A playboy like him wouldn’t be looking for more than she could give. It might work out nicely for the both of them.
Allarie settled in and began to focus on the game. It didn’t make much sense to her. The referee seemed to making calls at random. What was the difference between a strike and a ball? It all looked like it was going in the same place so why did some swings count and others didn’t? Simone wasn’t much help. She pointed out what was called the strike zone, but Allarie couldn’t see how the refs could designate where this mysterious spaced started and ended, and how accurate it could possibly be.
Finally, Dailey came up to bat. All of a sudden the game became interesting. It wasn’t some random player out there. It was the man who had kissed her senseless. For the first time the bat making contact with the ball mattered. Anxiety amplified and her heart rate increased while at the same time she seemed to hold her breath.
He dug his cleat in the dirt and did his little wiggle wind up. She sucked in a breath. Damn, no wonder this man was quickly gaining celebrity status. Who cared about the baseball? Women would watch just to see the movement of that cute derriere. The bat swung.
“Strike,” the ref called out.
“No,” Allarie yelled without thinking. 
Simone turned and stared at her. “Shhh, I know you like the guy but that was actually a strike.”
Allarie made a face at her sister and turned back to Dailey. The pitcher wound up and threw for the second time and the bat missed the mark. “No,” she screamed again.
“Damn it, Al. That was a ball. And we like this call. Can you please not be so loud? Just don’t say anything.”
“I can’t help it. Words just keep slipping out.”
“Well you’re annoying the people around us and if the ref hears and thinks you are commenting on his calls you could get escorted out of here. I for one don’t want to get tossed out with you. We’re right next to the dugout so the entire team can hear.”
Crack! The sound of the bat hitting the ball echoed and Simone’s mouth made her miss the swing. Everyone looked up and Dailey started running. She knew he had to make it to the first base but he kept on running. The player from the other team sprinted toward the wall.
Allarie leapt to her feet clapping and screaming as Dailey rounded first base and headed for second, then third, and finally for home. The man in the outfield didn’t catch the ball. It went over his head, hit the wall and clunked back down. As he bent for it and attempted a throw Dailey slid into home. “Touchdown! Yay,” Allarie stopped speaking as Simone grabbed her arm and pulled her back down into the seat as the words ‘home run’ came across the screen and over the loud speaker. Damn, she was so excited for him she mixed up the sports. Not that she ever watched either of them anyway. A few of the players in the dugout were laughing and Simone scowled at her. 
David was holding his sides to keep from erupting in laughter. He leaned over his wife so Allarie would hear him above the din. “At least he’ll know you’re not in to him because he’s a ball player.” 
Simone punched him in the arm. “Not another sound, Al. Bite your tongue off, keep your teeth clenched, whatever. But do not say another word.” 
Simone held her hand in front of her face as if she’d been humiliated. Maybe a former cheerleader would be embarrassed by her sister’s lack of sports acumen. But if that was the case what would Dailey think? She looked over to him just in time to see one of his teammates talking to him and pointing in her direction.

***

It took every ounce of resolve Dailey had to walk into the dugout without showing the enormous pain he was in. And they were only in the first inning. What would it be like later? Why his teammates were doubled over laughing rather than congratulating him for bringing two others home, he couldn’t figure out until the one on deck walked over and put his arm around him and pointed to where Allarie and party were seated. “Your new friend is a real baseball fan, huh?”
This drew loud guffaws from the other players within earshot. Allarie? Once he went up to bat he forgot all about Allarie being there. She had said she wasn’t into sports at all so what was the big joke? “She says she’s not a real sports enthusiast. That’s why I invited her here,” he lied. “I hoped maybe I’d change her mind.” It’s not like he could say he needed a ride because of the accident or that he needed her to attempt to fix the pain he was in. He glanced back at the others who were still holding their sides. “What’s so funny?”
“The great Dailey Wood. Everyone knows you from baseball. So many women would kill to get in the seats you put the new girlfriend in. Right up front. Best seats in the house. But does she care about the game? You’ve been with some bubble headed blondes before, but this one takes it.”
Dailey stood there stunned. He thought the word would have been out that he took a classy and intelligent lady to the dinner last night. Strange that no one heard. How could anyone be under the impression she wasn’t the smarty pants that she was? “Bubble headed? She’s anything but that.”
“She yelled ‘touchdown’ so loud half the guys looked around to see if someone had been tackled.” At this he started laughing so hard he couldn’t stop.
“Well for once I’m with a woman who doesn’t care about me playing baseball. She’s an intellectual. As far from stupid as anyone could go. She’s just not into games.” Dailey waved at her then and both Allarie and Simone waved back.
“Oh, too bad, man. She’s a looker.”
For some reason the comment pissed him off. Normally, the guys would tease each other about different women they dated, but Dailey didn’t see Allarie as he saw most women he was physically interested in. Maybe because she was his doctor, and boy did his back tell him he needed his doctor. If only there was a way to sneak off and have her do a minor adjustment. Impossible.
“Funny. Why don’t you concentrate on this game? You’re on deck so get out there.”
“Just commiserating,” the player said over his shoulder as he went to take his turn.
Dailey sat down and watched as his teammates covered the bases but were struck out before bringing anyone else home. When the other team came up to bat he thanked his lucky stars he wasn’t on the field. He found the most comfortable position he could find to sit in and pretended to be engrossed in the game.
Time moved in slow motion. Every second seemed like an hour and things didn’t improve when he was on the field and had to focus all his energies on the game. She better get him fixed up soon. No way could he take this kind of abuse on a regular basis and keep the pain off his face. If he didn’t get better soon, people would notice.
He knew going in that there was a chance he’d never make it to the major leagues. They all knew that. Still they all hoped they’d be the lucky one to make it out of the farm league where the money sucked and you rarely got to be well known. The thing was even if he was lucky enough to make the majors; he’d still need something to fall back on when the dream ended. His back twinged again. This might be the end of the road for him and perhaps finally time for him to grow up and decide on a future career.
The game ended and Dailey changed quickly and headed off to find Allarie. By the time he made it to the car he could no longer hide the pain that etched across his face. Allarie opened the passenger side door of her brother-in-law’s car. “Get in. The four of us will go back to my place and I’ll take you right in to the office.”
Dailey didn’t argue and small talked with Dave while the women got into the back seat. This was the perfect opportunity to find out a little more about his car. “Thanks for quietly taking care of the car. How soon do you think it’ll be ready?”
Dave looked away from him and glanced toward his wife. “Pretty soon. I got the dent out first so no one would notice but there was a part I had to order so it’s taking a little longer than I thought it would. I had to have a reason for it to be in the shop. The kids get to work on the cars there - so I wanted to wait until the more experienced students were there. We’ll be working on it tomorrow.”
Damn. Another day. Dailey was hoping it would already be finished. No way would he be able to keep the accident a secret if he was without a car much longer. “I just don’t want anyone to suspect I could be injured.”
“We’ll figure something out. Maybe you could say you were having an alarm system or a new stereo put in?”
“In that old car? I don’t think anyone would believe me.”
They pulled in to the lot and Dailey breathed a sigh of relief. He remembered what happened the last time. He’d felt relief immediately and he couldn’t wait for her magic hands to erase the pain. Simone had the door opened before anyone else had even reached it and motioned with her hand for him to follow.
“Dave, why don’t you and Simone go up to the apartment? You’ll be more comfortable and I need to work on Dailey.”
Dave nodded and Simone smirked. “Come on, Dave. We know when we’re not wanted.” Dave looked confused but obediently followed when she grabbed his hand and tugged him after her.
Dailey looked at Allarie expectantly.
“Just take off your shirt. If I need to get to your lower back and don’t have enough access, I’ll have you loosen your pants, but you don’t have to take them off.
Dailey didn’t know if he should be happy about that or not. He pulled his shirt off and placed his feet on the bar of the machine while he grabbed the arm pulls. Allarie pushed a button and the gurney type table started to descend until it went from vertical to horizontal. At this point she started moving her hands along his back probing until she seemed to feel what the problem was. Crackkkk.
Dailey let out a groan. Instantaneous relief flooded his body. She was a miracle worker, a savior, a goddess. “Oh, thank you so much. I feel much better. How can you get rid of the pain like that?” 
“The adjustment eases the pain because it releases it. Trust me, in a few weeks, you’ll be as good as new. It just takes more than a few times. If you weren’t a professional athlete, I’d only need to see you a few times a week, but you keep moving my adjustments. Put your shirt on and I’ll need to see you after practice tomorrow, unless you have a game. I don’t have office hours since it’s Saturday, but we’ll sneak you in to the office.”
Dailey frowned. “We have a little problem there.”
“What kind of a problem?”
“We’re playing the Chiefs.”
Why did it matter who the hell they played? Was this team somehow more aggressive than the others? “And how would the game be a problem? I’ll pick you up after the game rather than practice.”
“Might be tough to get me. The Chiefs are in Syracuse.”
“As in New York?”
“Yup. We leave Saturday morning and come back Sunday night. We play Saturday night and Sunday afternoon.”
Allarie whistled. “You might be feeling some pain by the end of Sunday’s game.”
Panic started to set in. “Might? I was dying at the end of this game. Allarie, you’ll just have to come.”
“To Syracuse? Are you crazy?”
He had to convince her. No way could he endure the entire time, bus ride and two games without an adjustment. “Look, it’s the weekend so it’s not like you have work. People already think you’re my girlfriend. Think of it as a free mini-vacation. We have a travel bus. Sometimes wives or girlfriends go along. We have so many passes we can use in a season. I never use mine and usually give them to one of the other guys. I’ll use it this time. Normally I share a room, but I’ll pay the extra to get my own room this time.”
“So you’ll expect us to share a room?”
“We shared your apartment last night. I’ll get two beds. Don’t worry and I promise to behave. Please do this. You have to. The next few days are critical. If you aren’t there the pain might get to be too much. I could lose everything.”






Chapter Six

“You’re almost aligned perfectly. There was really no reason for me to come along on this trip.”
“I feel better just knowing you’re here. In case something goes wrong. Or in case I pull something.” He had mumbled the last sentence. A lazy, slumber voice. Dailey’s eyes shut.
Stop massaging him, stupid. Allarie had just aligned him and to be honest his spine seemed good as new. But seeing him in nothing but a towel lying on the bed made her hands do more than just crack at just the right moment. After completing the alignment she couldn’t help but run her hands up his back and then down again almost to the top of that perfect butt. If they’d been in the office it more than likely would have ended with a sort of massage.
After an alignment, Simone would often use a machine that used sonar waves to relax certain muscles. Allarie would prescribe a certain area to be gone over and then apply some Biofreeze. Since this wasn’t available to them here in the hotel, she used her hands to relax his muscles. Hard not to notice the hard body her hands glided over.
Get a grip. You’d have to be dead not to notice or respond to the athletic body in front of you. Right. Keep telling yourself that. And the battle went on. When she finally moved her hands away they were shaking. Dailey’s soft snores sifted through the air. Time for Allarie to take a cold shower and erase the softness of his skin from her memory.
The cold water pelted her with reasonable doubt. Doubt about the wisdom of the trip. Doubt about her sanity. She shivered. But how much was from cold and how much from fear? Her time with Dailey had come to an end. No reason existed for her to remain in his life, yet she wanted to.
The fluffy towel folded on the front counter comforted as it dried her skin. Enveloped in the warmth of the cotton she eased out into the room to snatch up her clothes before Dailey woke form his slumber. And there Dailey sprawled on the bed, this time rolled out from under his towel. As if under some sort of a spell her legs moved toward the bed unable to stop. Her hand hovered above him wanting to descend but unable to. At that moment his eyes opened, pupils widening at the sight of her in nothing but the towel.
His eyes questioned and in one swoop he pulled her down on the bed before she could protest. He pulled her down on top of him and drew her lips to his. For whatever reason her brain refused to function. The cliché of fireworks exploding seemed real. Everything heightened, Allarie should have been more rather than less aware of her environment, and yet she didn’t acknowledge the moment he rolled them over pinning her underneath him.
A fire enveloped her, ignited her skin, roasting it. Certainly she’d incinerate. That’s when she realized they were skin to skin. Her towel had become dislodged in the roll and his naked body covered her naked body like a blanket. 
The sound more plea than rebuff escaped her, and she pushed at his shoulders in spite of the fact that she wanted to hold on instead. About a foot stood between their lips now and Dailey’s breathing echoed his labor. Not exertion, but desire. He wanted to take this further. She slid out from under him and yanked on the towel. “It’s been a long day and you need your rest.” Before he could protest she continued. “You have a game and the drive back tomorrow will be a long one. You don’t want to throw anything out of alignment.”
He stared for a moment like he wasn’t quite sure if he could believe her. And truth be told, she lied. With a quick and jerky movement she slipped her nightshirt over her head and crawled beneath the covers of her own bed. “Goodnight,” she said before she turned and faced the wall. Sleep would evade her for hours. Her body remained frozen in the same position, afraid to move lest he know her fib, detect her desire and attempt to rekindle it.
What the hell was happening to her? Was it just physical? Or was it something more insidious? Could it be possible her heart healed and somehow now held the capacity to do more than just beat? When Mark died she went through the motions. Her body continued to function in spite of the fact she couldn’t imagine how the world continued to go on. Months went on with her in a fog; mind focused on what she needed to do to graduate because that’s what he would have wanted.
Then the move back home. That was like cutting him out of her life all over again. Leaving the place they met, they lived, they loved. Next she focused on the practice. Starting it, recruiting her sister to join her business, buying the building. All of those things made the days go by. Nights were a bit lonelier, but never did she ever allow for the possibility that a time would come when her body would react to another man.
The man in the bed behind her reeked havoc with her system. On a primal level, attraction sat like a cat ready to pounce. But something else, something that frightened her more, seductively ingratiated itself. Like? Friendship? The need for another human being? Allarie couldn’t put her finger on the emotion that threatened all the promises she’d made at a young man’s grave what seemed simultaneously like a lifetime and just a few seconds ago.
Guilt washed over her like the tide. Getting involved with Dailey would mean letting go of her promises, letting go of Mark. She’d have to allow herself to feel again. Allow for the possibility she could make a mistake. She’d never find anyone as perfect for her as Mark had been, but that didn’t mean she had to give up on life altogether.
Maybe Simone was right. Hey, she had the right occasionally. Maybe the man in the next bed could bring her back to the land of the living. He didn’t need to be forever. He could be Mr. Right Now. Allarie’s eyes welled with tears. She’d always been so cautious, so careful about everything. Her mom had always called her a little old lady. Maybe the time finally came for her to act like a kid, to embrace irresponsibility and accept, once and for all, that life goes on whether you’re ready or not. One more week. Dailey wouldn’t need her any more in another week’s time. If he still wanted to see her then she’d go for it. She wouldn’t think it through, she’d just let whatever happen, happen.
The tears that had been welling finally decided to spill. The wet slowly dripped down her face and she sniffled hoping Dailey wouldn’t hear. She held in the sound that wanted to escape with the rest of her tears.

***

“So why a chiropractor?” Diego asked on the bus ride home.
Dailey looked to Allarie wondering why himself. And why hadn’t he asked her the same question?
She shrugged. “I knew the sciences held my interest. I’d always loved science classes and then one day I slept funny and a kid in one of my bio classes told me to lift my arms up and he came up behind me and cracked my back. I felt better right away. It stayed in the back of my mind and I looked into physical therapy and chiropractics.”
“I checked out PT when I went for my nursing degree.” Diego said. “I wasn’t sure if I wanted a specialty, but with baseball, the RN degree works out well. I take shifts in the off-season to give others vacation weeks without anyone having to cover. I’m only considered part time but when the season ends,” he sucked in a breath, let it out and glanced directly at Dailey, “I’m going to start full time. I’m not getting any younger and I know for sure, the major league isn’t in my future.”
Dailey’s eyes widened. “But,” he couldn’t finish the sentence.
“You can say it’s not true, there’s still a chance. Thing is, I like nursing and I’m ready to give up one dream for another one. I want to own my own home, have a decent car, and be able to settle down, get married and have some kids.”
“Kids? I thought you and,” Dailey hesitated not wanting to bring up the girl who crapped all over Diego’s heart as soon as she decided he wasn’t going to be a rich major league player.
“We did break up and she has nothing to do with my decision. It’s time for me. Not for you buddy. It’s going to happen for you. I just better get free tickets to whatever game I want in whatever city you end up in.”
Dailey hung his head. He didn’t like change and he couldn’t wrap his head around the thought of his best friend and roommate off the team. Roommate. Oh, shit. Dailey and Evan would have to find another apartment. For a second Dailey wondered what sharing a place with a female would be like. The female in front of him would do nicely.
“Don’t worry about a place to stay. I’m going to remain in the apartment for another year or two to save money for a deposit on a house. By that time you and Evan will either be up or in other employment yourselves. So are you going through with the accounting?”
Allarie seemed to look surprised but he couldn’t tell if it was because of his chosen field or the fact that he was in school at all. “If I stick with it then I’ll have my degree at the end of next semester. It’d seem a silly time to change majors. I don’t want to think about it. Not yet.” He looked directly at Allarie. A stare that let her know he needed to be fixed and soon.
His friend Diego seemed to misinterpret the look. As if Dailey was trying to tell her he wasn’t ready for a relationship. But Allarie understood and smiled. Dailey’s cell buzzed and he glanced at the number and took the call. The line cracked and the voice on the other end was difficult to hear. A few minutes later he frowned and looked at Diego. “I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but remember when I got suckered into that calendar?”
Diego laughed. “Your guy tell you about the beefcake calendar he’s going to be in?” he asked Allarie. She shook her head and looked at Dailey for some type of explanation.
“You won’t be laughing in a minute,” he aimed at Diego. “Allarie, a few months ago some local athletes were used for a,” he cleared his throat, “let’s say ladies calendar.” The twelve of us in all different sports will be coming together for a charity auction. In addition to the athletes in the calendar each local team has to offer up one to two players for the auction. You haven’t had the call yet but the general manager will be buzzing you soon.” Dailey no sooner announced it when Diego’s phone rang. He looked crestfallen, leaned back in his seat and took the call.
“An auction? You mean, you will be auctioned off to the highest bidder?”
He nodded. “For an evening.” Dailey looked like he tasted something sour and squirmed in his seat. “It’s not like anything goes. We’re just expected to escort the woman to the place that she won. Dinner. Dancing. Something like that. It’s not a real date.”
Allarie laughed. “Oh, trust me. It’s a real date to whoever pays for your services for the night. Just remember that and remind your ‘date’ that your body wasn’t what was for sale. Unless you want it to be.”
“I guess that would depend upon if you bought me or not.”
“I’m not in the market to buy a man.”
“And I’m not usually for sale.” Electricity crackled between them. He leaned closer to her.
“Wow, is there ever some heat between the two of you,” Diego said. “Harness that energy and use it on the field, Dailey.”
Dailey sat back and Allarie put a little distance between them. He wanted to crush his mouth on hers right there in front of the entire team. He didn’t want to be put in some auction. He didn’t want some odd evening with some strange woman, even if she turned out to be a beauty. He wanted Allarie to buy him. An auction. If it were females selling themselves, even for charity, public debate and outrage would be a topic for critics for weeks. But men? No, they can be sold for the evening without a thought to the hopes the females buying them might have.
His leg inadvertently brushed against Allarie’s. Damn, if it didn’t get his heart to thumping. Diego and Allarie were talking and he seemed to miss what they were saying. Diego smiled at her and then sat back and put his ear buds in and turned on his music.
“So what will the calendar be like? Are you naked in it?”
“Don’t you wish. No, the pictures are sexy, but everything important is covered. They take something from each athletes sport and use it in the picture.”
“So what was used for you? A baseball covering the family jewels?”
“It’d take more than a baseball as you well saw the other day.” Dailey rolled his eyes. “They were a little more interested in other, um, assets.”
“Oh, my. So are you bare-bottomed.”
“I’m on the field, holding a bat in just my cleats and a pair of tighty-whiteys and I’m glancing behind me.”
Allarie laughed out loud and couldn’t compose herself.
“It was very tastefully done.” For the first time Dailey thought about how the picture might look to others. What the hell had possessed him? The notoriety. He wanted it and was willing to jump start his career and get noticed any way he could. Damn, why didn’t he think? The auction was one thing. Some event with a random woman would be over in one night. The calendar would be around to haunt him forever. If he did ever have kids some day they could run across it. There’s daddy in his underwear. Damn, damn, damn. And Allarie found it funny.  But would she buy a copy?






Chapter Seven

Simone plopped down on the couch and took a bite of a candy bar. “Yummy. So a calendar and an auction. Too good to be true. Now how much are you willing to bid and which charity is it for?”
Allarie sat at the other end of the couch and crossed her arms. “Not bidding. Not even going. No clue on the charity. And why didn’t you get me a candy bar?”
“Yes, going. Yes, bidding. And you need to watch your figure.” Simone took another bite and moaned in gratitude of good chocolate.
“Not going. Not bidding. And you don’t need to watch yours just because you have a husband?” Allarie slid her legs underneath her and sat up straight.
“Yes, going. Yes, bidding. And I don’t have to watch it that closely for the next seven months or so.” Simone grinned at Allarie.
“Seven months.” The implication hit her like a hammer. “You mean,” Allarie looked at her sister and waited for the nod before she hurled herself forward into Simone’s arms. “You mean I’m going to be an aunty?”
Simone nodded and her eyes welled up.
“Do Mom and Dad know?”
“Not yet. I just found out this morning. I surprised poor David at work and he practically collapsed when I told him. I might wait until Mom and Dad come back from Florida. It’s only another week. And it’s not really good to tell people in the first three months. I would have known sooner if I was more regular. It was sort of a surprise.”
“So you weren’t trying? Are you happy? Is David happy?”
“Al, stop worrying. We were talking about trying and decided to just go off the pill. I figured it would take some time. Some people it takes years, at least months. Looks like with us it only took days from the time we stopped protection.”
“Oh my God, a baby. Do you feel okay?”
“I don’t feel any different. Not yet, anyway. Although I’ve been on the hungry side this last week. I wouldn’t even know except I passed out the other day. I thought it might have had something to do with the accident. I did hit my head.”
“What? Why the hell didn’t you say anything?”
“Your reaction would be why. Anyway, when I went to the doctor and explained what had happened they asked if I could be pregnant and I realized the answer could be yes. They did a test and sure enough, preggo.”
Allarie hugged her sister. “What can I do for you? Make you some coffee? No, coffee is probably not good. How about some milk?” she rambled.
“Al, calm down. The doctor said my normal behavior should not change, which means I’ll continue to have my coffee in the morning, thank you very much. He just said I need to take prenatal vitamins and try to eat healthy. I can manage that. A candy craving now and again isn’t a big deal. What you could really do is go to the auction with me.”
“What? Are you crazy?”
“Seriously. I wouldn’t be on the lookout to buy an enchanted evening, but it’d be fun eating up the eye candy and watching all the women go wild. I won’t be able to drink, which is a downside, but it’ll still be fun. Crap, no drinking for the next seven months at least.” Her jaw dropped and she gave Allarie a horrified expression.
“You don’t drink that much anyway.” Allarie knew this wouldn’t really be a problem for Simone. Less of a problem for her if she had children. Allarie rarely drank and when she did, she didn’t drink much.
“Doesn’t matter. You always want things more when you can’t have them. Who knows, maybe when you see some sexy woman snag Wiggle It at the auction then you’ll give it up. You honestly stayed in a hotel room with the man and did nothing?” Simone shook her head, clearly ashamed of her sister’s apparent lack of libido.
Allarie sighed and looked down. How could she possibly explain her emotions in that hotel room? “It could have.” She paused and whispered, “It almost did.”
Simone grabbed her shoulders and looked directly in her eyes. “Almost? How far’d you go?”
Allarie pursed her lips. They certainly went further than it would sound. “Not past the kissing part.”
Disappointment over her sister’s lack of sexual accomplishment marred the excitement Simone displayed over her recent pregnancy. “Oh, big deal. Kissing, what a wild woman.”
“We were naked.” 
This tidbit made Simone smile and cheer up.  “Naked again?” Then she frowned. “I know you are the big sister but you realize naked can end you up in my situation. Which is great for me, but you need to think about birth control.”
Okay, who did Simone think she was talking to? Allarie had always been the more responsible of the two. “One of the reasons I moved to my own bed. Come on, Simone, I’m not stupid.”
“So? You do have birth control?” Simone asked, the hope in her voice clearly apparent.
“Catch 22 isn’t it? If you wait until you need to, it’s too late. But if you get it ahead of time then you are anticipating doing something and it makes it clinical.”
Simone gave her that blank stare which stated how much she wished Allarie would just give her a straight answer rather than a riddle. “Just make sure you use condoms until you want to get back on the pill.”
“Yes, Mommy.”
“Holy crap. Me a mommy. You think I’ll be okay?” 
Simone’s expressions were changing so fast Allarie could barely catch up. This one she didn’t like - fear. Real fear.  “You’ll be perfect. You’re certainly bossy enough.” That’s it, drown her in sarcasm. If there was ever a way to get Simone to forget about what bothered her, sarcasm and a good argument would do it.
“Right. And speaking of bossy, we are going to that auction.”
Perfect. Simone prepped for the argument. All Allarie had to do was oblige her. “Are not.”
“Are to.”
Allarie giggled and put her hand in front of her mouth to pretend the sound of a cough. She’d never tire of fighting with her sister. It never mattered what they fought about, they’d fight about the shade of blue the sky appeared on a particular day just to have something to debate about. And they won equal amounts of the time. What mattered was keeping each other on their toes.

***

Inning after inning rushed by like cars passing in the opposite direction. Dailey tipped his body from one side to the other anticipating pain. None came. His teammates saw nothing more than a player stretching out before each inning. They never saw the fear he hid or the confusion when the pain didn’t come.
She’d been harping that he wouldn’t need her soon and for some reason he hadn’t believed her. Fear had been getting the best of him. Now he had fear of another kind. What if Allarie stopped seeing him now that he seemed to be physically better?
He needed more time. Not just to seal the deal sexually. He wanted her, no doubt there. But he wanted more than just her body. If anything his feelings for Allarie made him ashamed of his short term booty call antics. What if any of those girls were really interested in more than just his celebrity status? What if they actually wanted to get to know him for him?
He couldn’t think about it. His mind had to focus on Allarie and finding a way to make her want to continue to see him as a man and not just as a patient. As his team took the field he sat down on the bench in the dugout between two guys sure to have the answer. Neither one of them were ‘players’ in the other sense of the word. Each had a steady relationship. He looked from one to the other and they both nodded. “Hey guys, when you meet the right one how do you let her know you’re sincere? I mean, that you’re not just looking for some fun. You know, that you don’t plan on screwing around anymore?”
Chase Everly looked into the stands at his high school sweetheart. “You treat her special. Give her the kind of romance women dream of.”
“No, no. That’s not what does it. You lookin’ on settling down?” Charlie Abrams asked.
“No,” Dailey said faster than he should have. “I’m just curious is all.”
“It’s romance, I say. That’s what won over my Becky. We took ballroom dancing lessons. Nothing says love like being willing to make a fool of yourself on the dance floor.”
Charlie shook his head. “That’s horshit, Chase. If you want a woman to know you really mean it, you spend time with her family.”
“Family?” Dailey asked. At least he was on the right track there. The two sisters together entertained more than a sitcom and he liked Allarie’s brother-in-law. Of course he hadn’t met her parents yet, so a wildcard still existed.
“Family’s a given,” Chase said. “I’ve known my girl’s parents since I was a kid so I don’t much think about it, but I wouldn’t give up on the romance.”
“Thanks, guys. I’ll file it away and have it when I need it.” Dailey stood up and took a few steps forward.
Charlie chuckled. “You wouldn’t be asking about it if you didn’t already need it.”
Dailey turned in time to see Charlie raise his hand in a high five to Chase. Both men were grinning and he knew bringing Allarie on the road with him hadn’t been lost on any of the guys. He’d never brought a woman to an away game before. None of them knew the underlying reason. They didn’t know she had a medical reason to be there.
“Really, thanks guys,” he said sarcastically this time then looked up in time to see Allarie in the stands. She smiled and waved at him and his stomach tightened. How in the world did she turn his insides out with just a smile?
Screams erupted around him and he turned to see Diego running to save his soul. Holy crap, if he could make it around the bases they’d win, if not they’d tie and there’d be another inning. Diego rounded third as the center fielder picked up the ball and threw. Dailey held his breath. Diego slid and the ball slid into the catcher’s mitt a millisecond later. “Safe,” the umpire signaled and the game ended.
An hour and a half later Diego parked at Allarie’s. “You can’t just invite your friends over whenever you want, especially without telling her.”
“Don’t worry about it. You’ve met her and I was coming here to have a few drinks with her family anyway.”
“Family, that sounds serious, bro, but I like her. Just be careful, she’s not a flavor of the month type, you know?”
Dailey grinned. His friend didn’t normally counsel him on the women he dated. “She’s um,” he smiled again and shrugged.
“Dude, you’ve got it bad. Never seen you bit by the love bug before. It fatal or what?”
Was it fatal? Could he be falling in love with her? No, it couldn’t be. He just wanted time to get to know her better. He liked her. He really liked her and respected her. And he’d never been involved with a woman as smart as her. Maybe too smart. Don’t be a fool. It’d be crazy to fall in love with her. Stop now and you won’t get hurt.  “What? I can’t spend more than a few days with a woman without the entire team speculating?”
“Maybe because you never have. Dude, we all bow down to the one night wonder. You live like a major league playboy on a minor league salary.”
“I’m growing up a little, okay?” He opened the door and exited before the conversation could get any more intense. Diego followed and they went in the back way directly to her apartment. 
Congratulations and beer abounded while friendly exchange about baseball entertained. Diego changed the topic. “Must be convenient to live above the place you work.”
“In many ways, yes it is. I never have to worry about being late to work or having to drive in a snowstorm. So yeah, I guess it’s good.” The quick glance down when she said it alerted Dailey to what he hadn’t realized before. He could read her. In spite of the fact she smiled and said she liked it, he knew a problem existed.
“Where does the ‘but’ come in?” Dailey asked. “You said many ways and I can tell that there has to be at least one way that isn’t so good.”
Allarie looked surprised and shrugged. “I guess the only downside is that my work is always there. I can never get away from it. Even when I’m off I’m never really off.”
Simone stared at her sister. “Why didn’t you ever tell me you felt that way? I invite you over and you always want to stay here.”
“I don’t always think about it and it seemed like you always had single men at the ready whenever I’d visit.”
“No reason to do that now,” Diego said pointing to Dailey.
Dailey’s heart clenched as an uneasy silence settled over the room and the rest of the occupants, Allarie, Simone, David, and Dailey each looked from one to the other not sure what to say. Diego was the only one in the room who didn’t know the real reason Allarie was seeing Dailey.
David broke the silence. “I think a lot of people can’t escape their professions. I teach auto mechanics,” he said to Diego, “and anytime someone I know has car problems, I’m the first one they ask. “Speaking of which, I want to thank you Dailey for letting the kids in my class work on your car. I know it’s taking longer than if you brought it to a regular shop, but they are getting good experience and you will get a much better price.”
Dailey cleared his throat glad David hadn’t exposed him. “No problem, with the kind of money I make, every savings helps.” Wanting to talk to David privately about the car and watching Diego twinge after his slide into home Dailey pulled Allarie close to him and whispered, “Diego is hurting, why don’t you show him the torture chamber downstairs?”
Allarie nodded and stood. “Come with me, Diego. Let me show you my office. Let me show you the down side of living here. And while I’m at it I’ll adjust your spine.” Allarie crooked her finger for Diego to follow and headed for the stairs.
As soon as she was out of earshot, Dailey zeroed in on David. Now he’d find out about some details about his car.






Chapter Eight

“This is pretty nice.”
“I think so. Now take off your shirt and step up to the machine in front of you. Stand on the foot bar and place your palms on the handles.”
Diego stared at her like he wasn’t sure if she were for real. “Not sure Dailey would like the idea of me taking my shirt off.”
Allarie laughed. “I won’t be checking you out. It’s my job and Dailey’s the one who pointed out you needed an adjustment. Did you get hurt today?”
“Little stitch in my side is all.”
Allarie pointed to the machine and Diego pulled his T-shirt over his head and stepped up. Allarie pressed the button so the gurney-like table started its descent until Diego was horizontal rather than vertical. She pressed along both sides of his back and ran her hand along the center. “Not bad. I’m going to put a little pressure and you’ll feel a small pop. Breathe in.” Before Diego had a chance to let out his breath Allarie pressed down. Crack.
Diego made an indiscernible sound. His hands clenched around the handles as if he were holding on for dear life. Allarie smiled. It’s not like he could go anywhere. He couldn’t fall. The sound is what scared most people, especially if it was around their neck. “One more and we’re done.”
Allarie watched his hands tighten even more around the grips. She pressed a second time and he groaned as the cracking sound repeated. Then she pressed the button to bring the table to its vertical position.
Diego moved his shoulders and bent from side to side. “It’s gone.” His tone was as incredulous as if he’d seen something disappear before his eyes.
“Didn’t Dailey tell you anything about my technique?” she asked.
“Dailey? You’ve worked on him? I knew it. His back’s been bothering him. What happened?”
Oh, no. How could she have slipped like that? “He’s fine now. All better. I just made a few minor adjustments.”
“I can’t believe he didn’t tell me.”
“It isn’t a big deal. I fixed you up just now, didn’t I?”
“His problem was bigger though, wasn’t it? Is that why…”
Allarie looked away from Diego. Of course he would figure out that she wouldn’t be the type of person Dailey would choose on his own. “Yes, that’s the real reason he’s seeing me. It’s a cover, but he didn’t want anyone to know. He’s better now though so he can stop pretending.”
Diego just stared like she had taken some kind of drug that placed her in an alternate reality. “He’s not pretending anything. That guy is crazy about you.”
If only it were true. For the first time in a million years Allarie felt all sorts of emotions and all of them were directed at Dailey. She shook her head. “It’s a cover. He didn’t want anyone to know he was seeing a chiropractor or that he felt any pain. Now that he’s better, he’ll stop seeing me. He might ease his way out of the relationship only because so many people think we are a couple.”
“What do you think? Do you think you are a couple? Does it feel that way?”
Allarie’s eyes started to fill and she wiped underneath them. She laughed bitterly. “Sometimes it almost feels real.”
“That’s because it is. I’m not sure how this started and why you have the impression you do, but I know Dailey. He could have kept seeing you, had you around and still kept it casual. There is nothing casual about the way he looks at you, talks about you.”
“Simone hit him. That’s why he doesn’t have his car. It’s being fixed while he’s being fixed. I’m hiding his secret. Well, I was. I only told you now because you’re his roommate and he no longer had the problem.”
“You’re wrong. You have to believe me on this. I probably know Dailey better than anyone.”
“And yet he didn’t tell you. He didn’t want anyone to know about the accident.” Allarie heard an intake of breath and turned to see Dailey wide-eyed standing behind them. She watched as within a few seconds a myriad of emotions passed across his face ending with anger. No way could she escape the anger spilling from his eyes now. Or the betrayal. She’d promised to keep his secret. And she had. But this was his roommate and he was better. Certainly he’d tell his best friend? Or was he that guarded when it came to his career?
How could she have let it slip? Was she trying to sabotage her relationship with him so she’d have an excuse for him to leave? She’d have something to blame it on other than he felt better and just wasn’t interested in her. At least this way she could pretend there was another reason. Pretend that all the time he tried getting her into bed was because he had felt something for her more than just physical attraction.
She shook her head. “I just assumed…”
“I told you not to tell anyone. Anyone,” he yelled.
“Oh, for crying out loud, we’re talking about your friend and roommate. Do you honestly think he is going to say anything, and even if he did, it wouldn’t matter now because no one could prove there was ever anything wrong with you? Even if they said you were seeing me because of my profession, you don’t need me now. No one can prove anything.”
“In my profession you don’t need proof. Innuendo goes a long way and can be the beginning of the end of someone’s career.”
“I’m not going to say anything, Dailey,” Diego said.
“Exactly what she said. Let’s go, Diego. We can talk about this at home. I no longer have the desire to be here.” 
Dailey turned and walked away taking Allarie’s heart with him. She’d forgotten the sting, the slice of the knife as your heart ripped in two. This was the reason she had stayed away from relationships. She knew the pain of ending and had hoped to never feel that way again.
Diego squeezed her hand as he stood. “He doesn’t mean it. I’ll talk to him.” He took long fast strides and suddenly she sat alone in the exam room. She glanced around at all she worked for. A lifetime of loneliness. She’d been kidding herself, pretending contentment. The wall of façade crumbled down. She needed a real relationship. She needed Dailey.
 
***

“You’re okay, right?” Diego asked. He stood hands on his hips staring down at his roommate.
Dailey stretched out on the couch and tipped back a beer. He took a long swallow before he answered. “Yeah, I’m alright now. That’s not the point.”
“What is then?”
“Allarie betrayed me.”
“By telling me about the accident? Me, who you should have told as soon as it happened? So you didn’t trust me with the information?”
“You’re changing the subject and I didn’t want anyone to know. Anyone. That was the point. I panicked. All I could think about was I’d blown my career that the big times would catch wind of it and wouldn’t call me up.”
Diego shook his head. “I wouldn’t have said anything. You could have trusted me.”
“Right. I had no choice but trust her and look where that got me. She shouldn’t have said anything.”
“She assumed I knew. I suppose she figured since we live together and are best friends, you wouldn’t be able to keep it from me. But that aside, she didn’t say anything while you were injured. Since you’re fine now, it doesn’t matter.”
“Of course it matters.”
Diego sat in the chair across from him. “I broke my arm when I was twelve. Does that have any bearing on how I play ball now? Does that matter?”
“You were a kid. This is recent. It’s something they could worry about.”
“It’s done. No reason for anyone to talk about it. But you are not done with Allarie. She’s the first woman I’ve ever seen you look at like…”
Dailey banged his beer down on the coffee table. “It’s called acting. We were just pretending to be a couple.”
“Now you’re just out and out lying. It might have started that way, but that’s not how it is now. You care about her and you deep down you know it. Don’t do or say anything stupid. You need to fix this.”
Ignoring him, Dailey scowled. “You need to swing me by the vocational school to pick up my car tomorrow after school. David said it’s finally ready. Can’t imagine why it took so long to fix.” He looked down and didn’t make eye contact with Diego.
“Maybe he can talk some sense into you.”
Dailey brooded and didn’t even feel the excitement or relief he thought he’d feel about picking his car up the next day. Once he picked it up there’d be no reason for him to have any contact with any of them again. Yet he liked Dave and Simone. He’d started to think of them as friends, almost family. And Allarie. The thought of not seeing her again left an ache in his chest.
When they were lead back into the auto shop at the far end of the school, a car that barely resembled his own sat in the center like a prize. A group of boys stood near David and all of them were grinning.
David whispered to Dailey, “I fixed the dent before the kids started working on this so they didn’t know about the accident. They thought we were doing a tune up and fixing a few minor things.” Then he said loud enough for the others to hear, “The boys watch Pimp My Ride which is a show where older cars are brought in and refurbished to be better than new. They wanted to do that for you.”
Dailey and Diego circled the car. The custom paint job alone was enough to make a grown man weep with joy. “That’s why you were asking which color I liked better on those sports cars.” He shook his head. “I didn’t see this coming.” He grazed his hand over the candy apple red hood with the two white racing stripes. “Boys, I’ve never seen anything so beautiful.”
A round of applause went up and then they popped the hood and each boy went over which part of the car he worked on.
“David, I don’t know what to say.” 
“We wanted to do this. Just remember the boys when you get called up. We want some good seats.”
“You got it.” If only. If he managed to get called up, he’d have seats for all of them. “If I get lucky, you just tell me how many seats you need. Until then, I’ll get you some Pawsox tickets and introduce you to the members of the team.”
David handed him the keys. “Hope to see you around.”
Dailey glanced down. If he wasn’t seeing Allarie anymore than he probably wouldn’t be seeing her brother-in-law. But just because he wasn’t dating Allarie didn’t mean he couldn’t be friends with David. To hell with that. He could hang around with him if he wanted to and if Allarie just happened to show up, so be it. “You invite me to a cookout. I want to try that infamous burger you make.”
“While you’re at it, look out for my wife. She’ll be at that charity soiree this weekend and I don’t want any of the auction pieces hitting on her.”
For a second he forgot to breathe. If Simone attended the auction, more than likely Allarie would be there too. “Simone is going to the male auction?”
“Simone and Allarie bought tickets as soon as they heard about it. Well, Simone bought the tickets with the intention Allarie would buy you, but…”
“So Allarie’s going?”
“Right now she’s debating this issue, but if I know my wife, Allarie will be there with her.”

***

The music blared and the lights flashed in a strobe fashion while women ordered drinks and moved close together to hear one another. They’d lucked out with their table. There were a few two seaters right up next to the stage. Well, Allarie wasn’t sure if this if this constituted luck or not. They’d certainly have a good view, but that also meant the auctionees would be guaranteed to see them.
Simone practically bounced around in her chair. “This is so exciting. I’ve never been to anything like this before.”
“I can’t imagine why you wanted to come here anyway.”
“To see all the handsome men of course. I’m married, I’m not dead. There’s no harm in doing a little ogling. David’s actually anxious for me to return home tonight. He said they’d load me up and he’d pull the trigger. Don’t I have the best husband?”
“I have to agree with you there but not for that reason. He’s kind, loving, and he always thinks of you first.”
Simone wiggled her eyebrows. “Does he ever.” Then she giggled.
“Eww, knock it off, Simone. You know that’s not what I meant. I’m agreeing because you did a good job choosing a husband. You’re lucky.”
“Damn, straight I am. You can be too.”
Allarie didn’t think she had a snowball’s chance in hell of ever getting married. That boat had sailed taking her heart with it. Meeting Dailey made her think a possibility existed to make it tick again. To have that hope extinguished so quickly seemed almost too cruel.
The DJ lowered the music and spoke into the microphone. “Ladies for the next hour the gentlemen you will have the ability to bid for later, will be walking around the club with trays of appetizers to tempt you in more ways than one. They will each make their way around the room so keep them no longer than five min per table.
“I don’t think I can do this, Simone. I didn’t even want to come when I was seeing him. Even though I wasn’t dating him for real.”
“There’s something real between you and you know it. I can see it in the way you look at him and in the way he looks at you. Don’t try to bullshit me.”
A beefy looking blond sidled up to their table with a tray of sticky chicken wings. He wore black trousers and no shirt. For the first time Allarie noticed that the men were all shirtless. It reminded her they were being sold, at least for a dinner date, to the highest bidder.
“Let me make you lick your fingers,” he said to Simone as he offered her a chicken wing.
She giggled and placed one on her plate. The thick sauce stuck to her fingers and she licked it off just as he suggested. “Um, yummy. You’ll have to try him, I mean them.”
He placed the tray in front of Allarie and she used her fork to stab the chicken and place it on her plate. “Thank you,” she said dismissively and the man moved to the next table.
“Spoiled sport. Are you determined to spoil the evening? Can’t we please have a little harmless fun?”
“You’re flirting,” Allarie griped.
“And you’re not. Tell you what; I’ll stop if you start.” She picked up the chicken wing, bit it and licked her lips. “Oh, Al, I’m not kidding about this being yummy. I hope all the food is as good. Wonder what Dailey will tempt us with? What do you think? Something sweet or spicy?”
Dailey. Damn, he’d be coming to their table and she’d have to say something to him. They hadn’t seen each other or spoken a word since that night almost a week ago. What the hell would she say to him? And why oh why did she let Simone talk her in to this? The baby. If Simone hadn’t been pregnant and played upset me, upset the baby, she wouldn’t be here. Her sister had mastered the art of persuasion but Allarie counted herself as one of the few who Simone couldn’t manipulate. The next seven months would be torture.
What had she asked? Sweet or spicy? If she asked about Dailey then it’d have to be spicy. Diego came to the table with chocolate covered strawberries. Figures, he’d be sweet. 
“Now here are two ladies I’m happy to see. Some of the women here are scary.” He held the platter out and Allarie and Simone both took a strawberry.
“Women are pigs,” Simone stated very matter of factly. “But it’s for charity and all you have to do is take someone out to dinner or the theater. How exactly is that chosen?”
“When we finish serving you, the entire lot of us will go onstage and pick a venue out of the large fishbowl. That way when the bidding starts each person will not only be bidding on us but on the event we will be taking her to. So it could be a particular restaurant or play. That way it doesn’t look so much like they are paying for a person but for something they want to do, like a harbor sail, etc... But I need to move on. Later, ladies.”
“Au revoir,” Simone said as Allarie waved.
The hour passed quickly. Allarie glanced at the clock. Another ten minutes and the men would need to leave their trays behind and head to the stage. Just when she seemed to have dodged a bullet, she saw him. Smiling and charming the women two tables over. She glanced back at the clock. Could her luck hold out?
At this point she ignored whatever Simone was babbling about and kept her eyes on the clock willing the time to move. She couldn’t hear her sister anyway. Her gaze darted back and forth from the clock to Dailey. He looked so good. Another waiter moved to the table separating them from Dailey who turned and momentarily stopped short trying to figure out where to go. Their eyes locked and he moved forward.
Nope. Unable to dodge this bullet, she did the only thing that would help anesthetize. She swilled down her Cosmo like a dehydrated person in the dessert glugged down water. Her eyes opened wide. Oh, shit, there he was.






Chapter Nine

The thought of this night would have been a lot of fun in the past. He would have done his best to charm and entice a bidding war from the most attractive girls there. Tonight he’d been plagued by nerves. Would Allarie be there? What would she say to him? What would he say to her? Would she bid on him? Did she even care? Now he stood directly in front of her.
Silence.
Simone looked from one to the other, made a face and broke the ice. “Dailey, so nice to see you again. David said you loved the car.”
“It’s amazing. Runs better than when I first bought it. There’s so many new parts it’s like a new car and it looks beautiful. As do you,” and he nodded at Allarie, “ladies.”
The sisters had never looked so much alike. But his eyes veered to Allarie and his heart beat faster. What a fool he’d been. Allarie had sent a note of apology the next day and he’d just ignored it. David had told him how terrible she felt and he ignored it. Now he wished he hadn’t. The MC announced all bachelors to the stage and Dailey placed his tray of Jello shots down on the table. “Enjoy, ladies.”
“Oh, so unfair, Dailey. I can’t drink. Looks like Al’ll have to be a lush.”
Allarie grabbed one of the six left on the tray and downed it. “No problem. I’ll have to have fun for the both of us.”
“We’ll talk later,” he said to her and headed for the stage.
Women screamed, wolf-whistled and applauded. The men were paraded around the stage and each took an envelope out of the fishbowl. One by one they brought it to the charity manager. At her booth the envelope was opened and the card inside was placed next to the picture of the man it would go with.
The finest restaurants in a one hour radius had donated a dinner for two and theaters and other places donated tickets. It didn’t matter which one he chose, but he knew the price he brought in and who did the bidding would be determined by the venue and not just the man. All of the men wanted to go for a high price but Dailey actually hoped his ‘date’ would to be a place of lesser value so Allarie could afford to bid on it. But what hope did he have of that? Then he looked down to Simone. Allarie might not do the bidding but he had a gut feeling her sister would do it for her. At least he hoped she would.
He waited backstage, his heart thumping, until his turn came. As he stepped up and the MC went over his attributes, the food at the Capitol Grille, and admission and drinks at Leisure Suit. The last part is most likely what would kill him. It pretty much guaranteed an older woman would bid on him. And it’s not like the date would kill him but he wanted Simone to hand him an opportunity with Allarie.
He put his head in his hands and sighed. When this was over he’d just have to talk to her himself and tell her what an ass he’d been. If only she’d have him.
There are some events that happen so fast they are over before you ever get the opportunity to calm your nerves. When Dailey hit the stage a case of nerves settled over him like he’d never had in his entire career, even with bases loaded at two out. His stomach knotted and sweat began to form on the back of his neck.
The bidding process, which he hoped would have been fun, actually seemed sort of humiliating. Not because he didn’t bring in a good price, but because the women bidding were vying for a chance at his body. He felt objectified and this didn’t feel so good. Simone bid a few times but gave up. This made his heart sink further. Finally he heard, “Sold.” Someone in the back, someone he couldn’t see, would have his attention for the evening. His gift to the charity. And he’d be thinking about Allarie the entire time.
An older woman went up to claim her prize and stopped to hug Simone. Allarie was no where near the table and Dailey wondered where she was. He waited to be introduced to the woman he’d be taking to dinner and to set up a time. 
The white haired woman shook his hand as she approached the table with her check. “You better be good to our Allarie. She’s been my doctor for three years now. I see her once a month to keep everything in check.”
Dailey stood there with his mouth open and couldn’t think of a response. It didn’t make sense. “Excuse me, Allarie?”
“Yes, Simone told everyone about how you and Allarie are dating but Allarie wouldn’t be able to afford you alone. We didn’t want someone else moving in, especially after how long it has taken for her to date again. So a group of us pooled our resources, including Simone of course, and we won you for Allarie.”
“For Allarie. And why has it taken her so long to date again? She skipped that part.”
“You don’t know?”
Dailey shook his head.
“Well you should. Her fiancé was killed in a car accident. It wasn’t long before she graduated from chiropractic school. Another few months and they would have been married. She had the dress and the hall and everything. A girl doesn’t snap back from that easily.”
His heart sank. “No, I guess she doesn’t.” Suddenly everything made sense. He had to make it right with her.

***

Allarie’s vision rippled like water. What possessed her to drink the entire tray of Jello shots? Don’t think about it. There’ll be plenty of time for regret tomorrow. She looked up and Dailey was staring right at her. Might as well go for broke. Tell him how about her feelings.
Staggering slightly, Allarie made it close to where Dailey was standing with… Mrs. Trayhan? No, her eyes must be playing tricks on her. Allarie tried hard to focus. What the heck was Mrs. Trayhan, her first client and her mother’s very married friend doing buying a date with Dailey? If that’s what she was doing. But what other reason would she have for being over there with him?
Dailey started to saunter in her direction while Mrs. Trayhan gave information to the woman at the booth. “Dailey,” she slurred when he was within hearing. Her own voice sounded garbled to her and she wondered if he noticed.
His eyes narrowed. “Everything okay, Al?”
He didn’t say the words she wanted to hear, but for the moment that didn’t matter. Suddenly she had a burning desire to be kissed and the room being full of other people didn’t hinder her from inching closer and throwing her arms around his neck. His eyes widened and she stood up on her tiptoes while she pulled him down toward her.
She locked lips and sucked him in. His mouth, his taste, his scent. The need for him enveloped her and squeezed out common sense. 
His hands gently separated them by pushing on her shoulders. “We need to talk.”
Talking sat at the bottom of her list. He grabbed her hand and tugged her in the direction of the back corner. When he stopped in front of the ladies room, Allarie practically crashed into him. Damn the high heels, she wobbled all over the place. Her legs didn’t seem to want to hold her up. She couldn’t remember…that’s right, she wanted Dailey. She reached for him and he opened the door to the ladies room.
“Go splash some water on your face. You look like you’re going to fall down at any minute.”
She blinked at him and her eyelids felt heavy. Move your mouth, move your feet, move something.
“Go,” he said again and this time he turned her slightly and gave her a slight nudge toward the door.
Once inside Allarie placed her right hand on the wall and used it to guide her to the sink. She turned the faucet on and splashed her face with the cold water. She shook her head and rushed back out to meet Dailey.
The heavy door required a hip check to open. If her eyelids seemed heavy before, that changed now. She leaned her body against the door to stay upright. Two young beautiful girls flanked either side of Dailey. Both flirted competitively for his attention. Something snapped inside Allarie. 
No wonder he tried to get rid of her. He had a bevy of beauties throwing themselves at him and it looked like the famous butt was back to his old antics. She’d heard stories about him and it looked like they were true.
All the emotion that swirled inside her made it impossible to breathe. Her hands balled into fists and anger washed the other emotions away. Simone came up beside her and Allarie yelled loud enough for Dailey and his entourage to hear. “He’s not the best. He’s the biggest ass!”
“Come on, time to get you home,” Simone said. She waved at Dailey who attempted to step toward them. “Not a good time.” Simone grabbed Allarie by the elbow and walked quickly toward the door.
The fresh air hit her but still couldn’t penetrate her alcohol haze. Tears started to flow and she tried to tug away from Simone. “I wanna go back inside.”
“Not tonight, sweetie. We need to get you home.”
“Why?”
“So I don’t turn into a pumpkin. David’s waiting for me. Besides, let’s just say that wasn’t your finest hour in there.”
“Those girls. They stole him,” Allarie cried.
“No, I think they just borrowed him for a minute.”
Allarie choked on a sob. “I wanna hit them.”
Gripping her arm, Simone pulled her forward toward the car. “We’ll beat’ em up tomorrow.”
“Really? I’ve never hit anyone before.”
“Anything you say.”
Like a mule, Allarie’s feet stopped moving and remained planted in one spot. “Hey, you never agree with me.”
“I’m not now.” She tugged and tugged until her sister began to move again. When they reached the car Simone opened the door and Allarie fell in. 
“I’m confused,” Allarie said as she pulled on the seatbelt. “It’s fighting me.” 
Simone snapped the belt in place and shook her head. “I’ve never seen you this gone.”
Allarie looked down to the belt and up to her sister. “You’re gonna be a good mom, know that S’mony. Mony, mony. ‘Member that song?”
Simone shut the door and Allarie started singing.

***

Dailey arrived a good fifteen minutes early. Simone and David were friends and allies but tonight he’s be meeting Allarie’s parents. No doubt she’d hit the roof. He’d asked Simone to keep quiet about his asking to be there. He figured if there were others there then she wouldn’t ignore him like she had for the past three days.
He hadn’t spoken to her since she stumbled out of the auction calling him an ass. He’d tried to avoid other women while he was waiting for her to come out of the ladies room but wasn’t that lucky. The second he stood alone there two women had sandwiched him into a conversation. A flirtatious one at that.
Still, he hadn’t expected Allarie to behave the way she did. What was worse, she ignored his call and texts. The only way to smooth things over and convince her he wanted the relationship for real was to meet face to face.
He couldn’t go barging in her office so he talked to Simone and found out about their parents welcome home dinner. He remembered what his teammates had told him. The way to a girl’s heart - romance and family. He’d load on both so there’d be no doubt as to his intentions. 
Luckily, gridlocked traffic on the highway held Allarie hostage while Dailey had the opportunity to get to know her parents before her arrival. When she did show up she stopped dead in her tracks inside the back door gate before gaining her composure and going over to her family members to hug them.
“Candy before dinner, Simone?”
Her sister moaned. “Truffles. Dailey gave them to me.”
“And she’s not sharing at all,” David said.
Allarie nodded to Dailey, the only person in the group she didn’t hug. “Nice of you.”
“He brought me these beautiful flowers,” Allarie’s mom said.
“Roses. Thoughtful of you. Candy, flowers, I hope the hell you didn’t bring me wine. That wouldn’t even be funny.”
“Why wouldn’t it be funny? You never drink,” her mom said.
“You should’ve seen her the other night.”
“Allarie? Too much to drink? Not like you, honey.” Her dad narrowed his eyes and looked to Dailey as if there must be more to the story.
“Thanks a lot, Simone.”
“You didn’t have to listen to your off key version on Mony, Mony and you forgot half the words.”
“Why are you here, Dailey? This is a family dinner.”
“And I want to get to know your family better.” He stepped closer. “I want to get to know you better. Spend time with you where no chiropractics are involved, no baseball games…”
“Wait,” yelled Simone, “we don’t want to give up baseball games. We all love baseball. Well not Miss Touchdown there, but the rest of us do.”
“It was an honest mistake.”
“She yelled ‘touchdown’ when Dailey hit a home run,” David explained to the parents with a laugh. 
Allarie’s father rolled his eyes heavenward and her mother patted her on the shoulder. “I wasn’t always a sports enthusiast but after I married your father I learned about the games and I like them now.”
Dailey watched the display between the players in this family. He wanted to be a part of them. “I didn’t bring wine for you, Al. Aren’t you wondering what I did bring?”
“A little curious. Candy for my sister. Flowers for my mother. And for me?”
Dailey stepped up close to her and took her hand. He placed it on his heart. “I’m giving you me, Al. My heart, my affections.”
Simone stopped in mid chew and Mrs. Healy gasped. All eyes were on him and he had to make it clear, he was looking for the real deal. “I haven’t been the best person in the world. I’ll admit up until this point I’d only been out looking for a good time. I couldn’t comprehend commitment. But since I met you my whole life has been turned upside down.”
Allarie glanced at her family and then seemed to forget they were there. She leaned forward and nuzzled close tipping her head up for a kiss. He bent down toward her and slowly their lips met, chastely at first. A round of applause went up from the rest of them. The kiss continued until Simone yelled, “Get a room.”
They broke away in time for Dailey to see Mrs. Healy tap Simone upside the head. 
“You just hit a pregnant woman,” Simone whined.
“You deserved it. We’ll have no talk like that.”
David kissed the top of his wife’s head and backed off when his mother-in-law stared at him. 
“Don’t be a baby, Simone. Toughen up,” Allarie said.
“She’ll always be my baby, just as you always will.” Mrs. Healy then tapped Allarie upside her head. “Kissing like that in front of your father.”
Dailey stood in the center of David and Allarie’s father. “Is it always like this? The women I mean, you know, the…dynamics.”
Mr. Healy held out his hand. “Welcome to the family, son. And you can kiss the shit out of her as long as you mean it. You do mean it?”
“Yes, Sir. I’d be a real ass not to know how wonderful she is.”






One Year Later

The bloodcurdling scream drowned out the National Anthem for all ticketholders in their section. Good thing most of them had family complimentary tickets.
“Who brings an infant to Fenway? Really, Simone. Give him to me.” Mrs. Healy held out her hands to take the baby.
“He’s just hungry.” She lifted her son and handed him to the woman behind her then rifled through a large diaper bag for a bottle. “If you’d been a good grandmother you would’ve stayed home and babysat.”
“I’ve missed enough of Dailey’s games. I’m the mother-in-law, I should be here.” 
Allarie glared at the two of them. “Quiet down. It’s not the baby who’s making the scene.”
“Anything you say, Miss Touchdown.” Simone handed the bottle to her mother and smirked at Allarie.
David nudged his father-in-law. “Pop, frothy beverage from the concession stand?”
Mr. Healy looked over to his wife and daughters. “Seems like a good time.” They stood and edged their way out of the aisle.
“Will I never live that down? And it’s Mrs. Touchdown to you little sister, so don’t forget why you have these great seats.”
“Maybe you shouldn’t forget I introduced you.” The baby wailed again and pushed the bottle away. “Give’em back to me, Ma.” 
Allarie reached over and took her nephew before Simone could grab him and he quieted instantly. Her mother harrumphed and Simone shook her head. “That’s just weird.”
Allarie grinned. “He just has good taste. Besides, I need the practice.”
Stereo screams had bystanders looking for a major play.
“No, no, shhh. Not yet. But we’re ready.” Allarie looked below where her husband, Dailey, was taking the field. A sense of utter contentment drifted over her. No doubt about it, when it came to husbands, she hit a homerun.




ABOUT THE AUTHOR
 
 
Tara Logan has a BA in Secondary Education from Arizona State University and an MA in English from the University of Rhode Island. She works full time teaching writing.

A student once complained about the length of an assignment to which Tara replied with her normal catch phrase, "You could write a book about that." His reply, "Why don't you?" changed her life. By the end of the school year Tara completed her first work of fiction and joined Rhode Island Romance Writers. She now cannot imagine a life without the characters that are her constant companions.

Tara resides in Rhode Island with her two wonderful teenage children and two lunatic cats. Tara loves to hear from her readers so feel free to email her at taralogan50@yahoo.com and check out her website at http://taralogan.weebly.com .  
 




Also by Tara Logan - Taking Stock

When her hubby takes off with his junior exec Twinkie, what’s a corporate trophy to do? … Take stock, even if it hasn’t vested yet.
 Perrin Douglas is not the gold digger Cal Rega believes her to be. She’s been screwed out of her share of a quarter of a mill and isn’t about to let some bimbo reap the rewards of what she suffered for. So she’s suing her ex and the company whose corporate policy designs soirees where spouses are banned.
 Cal, squashed by his own trophy, has a jaded view of women. His ex cost him his first company and he’s not about to give a big payday to someone else’s via a lawsuit. To thwart said suit Cal misrepresents himself to get closer to Perrin and the two begin a journey that can only end in victory for one. But there’s more at stake than just a lawsuit. A lifetime of happiness hangs in the balance.

Prologue

It was an odd way for a married woman to spend her thirtieth birthday. Lavender candles sweetened the mutedly colored room while soothing instrumentals enhanced by falling rain melted away Perrin’s resolve. Relax. But how? Her naked body tensed more, so when his hands finally touched her, she was stiff as a cadaver long settled with rigor mortis.
It should have been her husband’s hands easing the tension from her body. She had expected them, anticipated them and the joy of becoming a mother. She’d waited so long and he had promised. Now here she was in an exclusive spa getting a massage instead. Hardly equitable, yet reminiscent of her twenty-third birthday when he’d alluded to an engagement ring then surprised her with a leather coat. Shock had been more like it. Yet over the years, she’d become immune to Gary’s letdowns. Six months later he came through with an ostentatious ring that overpowered her finger. Gary may consistently be a day late and a dollar short, but he’d come through again. A child would be hers eventually. Be more appreciative.
 It had been her dream to come here and be pampered for a day; today wasn’t the day she had in mind. On the actual date of her birth she wanted to be with someone who loved her, not strangers even if it was their job to cater to her every whim - massage, mud bath, Pilate’s classes, workshops for the body and soul.
Yet her soul felt lost and her body wanting. After seven years of marriage shouldn’t he have known her well enough to plan the pampering for the weekend before or the one after? And this was going to cost him a pretty penny. A spa with the opulence of this one left a hole in the bottom of even the thickest pockets.
Strong hands stroked and stroked until finally they began to breathe life into her deadened body. Muscles gave way, became pliant, and thought drifted away like the knots hidden in her muscles. Yet there was something in the air, not just the scent of lavender candles and the musk of beefcake male, but the smell of impending change, significant change.


Chapter One

The five-bedroom house of Perrin’s friend Lana swarmed with clusters of gossiping women. An array of folding tables masked with linens and laden with costume jewelry transformed her modern sunken living room into an exotic marketplace. Unlike the potluck home demonstration parties of old many of their moms held, none other than Sacramento’s finest, Gustave, catered this Jewelry by Design party.
“What are you planning on asking the fortune teller?” Kathryn munched on a canapé and dabbed the crumbs away with a linen napkin.
Perrin’s chin dropped and she peered at her best friend. Right, as if she couldn’t guess. “Oh, I don’t know; how about how much rainfall there’ll be in China this year?” 
Kathryn chuckled, “That’ll be right after you ask how soon it’ll be before you get pregnant and if you should buy pink or blue.”
“I can’t help it, I just want it so bad and Gary’s been so, so . . . .”
“Selfish,” Kathryn cut in.
Perrin sucked in air as if punched in the stomach. She hated the thought that her best friend didn’t like her husband. Kathryn, perceptive beyond belief, didn’t dislike someone without reason. Fear kept Perrin from admitting lately she didn’t feel particularly fond of her husband herself. To save face, she defended him. “It’s not selfishness. He just wants everything to be perfect.”
Kathryn stuffed another hors d’oeuvre into her mouth and mumbled, “Sorry, I didn’t mean it that way. Of course he does.”
Perrin stared at her friend trying to decide if she believed her. Their situations were very different. Kathryn’s husband was also in a high position at the same company as Gary, but she was a stay at home mom, with three beautiful children ranging in ages from six months to four years old. Her husband didn’t jet all over the place whenever the company needed a correspondent. But Gary, a shmooser of the first quality, was the perfect person to send anywhere for public relations. As Perrin’s mom once said, “He could charm a snake.” It was the “takes one to know one,” muttered under her breath that hurt though. Perrin’s family didn’t understand Gary. Although they were happy their daughter could live in style, they hated the thought that she wasn’t working in her chosen field and still hadn’t started the family she desperately desired.
Kathryn lowered her eyes and bit her bottom lip. When she glanced back toward Perrin she looked contrite and hesitated before she opened her mouth to speak. Before any sound could be produced Perrin changed the subject. “So what do you want to know when it’s your turn to see the fortune teller?”
“That’s easy. Will my wonderful husband sucker his mother into babysitting for a long weekend so we can go away for our anniversary? I mean, I love the kids to pieces but with three at home and so few nights like tonight, I need a few days off. I want an uninterrupted night’s sleep where I don’t have to get up until I wake up on my own, and the opportunity to eat an entire meal while it’s still hot.”
“Is it okay if I envy you anyway?” Perrin asked.
“Your time will come, don’t worry.” She glanced to the door as another friend of theirs came out of the next room beaming.
Eleanor ran up to her friends and squealed, “Looks like we’re going to be neighbors after all. I was told a house in your area would unexpectedly go up for sale within the next few months.”
Kathryn grabbed her friend’s hand and squeezed. “I hope that’s true, but remember she’s had only positive things to say so far. She might just be figuring out what we want to hear. We don’t really believe she can predict the future, do we?” 
“No, but it’s nice to have hope. That’s what this little soiree is all about, isn’t it? A group of friends buying hand made jewelry and being entertained by a psychic so we can share our hopes and dreams together. Now one of you go in.” 
Kathryn gave Perrin a little shove. “You go next, let’s find out when you’ll join the rest of us and have a baby.”
Perrin laughed and strolled toward her fate. In the next room, the woman seated at the card table didn’t look any more psychic than anyone else she knew. Exotic she wasn’t. Her light brown hair was cut short and stylish, and she wore minimal make-up. Glasses covered her brown eyes. No gold hoops hung from her ears. Maybe that was the point. If she had a scarf around her head and gazed into a crystal ball the group might have immediately thought her a charlatan, and the evening would have lost part of its mystique. 
“Have a seat, I’m Felicia and I’m just going to have you shuffle the cards on the table there and then cut them once with your left hand.”
Perrin sat and pushed her chair closer to the table. She shuffled the cards, cut the deck, and placed them face down in front of the woman.
Slowly Felicia picked them up and began to place them on the table in a pattern that she seemed familiar with.  She stared at the cards as if they told her a story, and then frowned while Perrin squirmed in her seat. Everyone else had emerged from the room bubbling; she knew that if this woman told her a good fortune she’d be lying. Her expression told all. What she had to impart wasn’t moonlight and roses. If there was a baby in the cards, it had two heads or was the spawn of the devil himself.
“Can I ask a question before you begin?” Perrin asked.
“Ask away.” Felicia folded her hands and waited without a smile.
 “Do you see a death or a serious health problem?” Perrin tried to say it jokingly but trembled anticipating the response.
Felicia frowned again. “Do you want to hear all that’s in the cards, whether it’s good or bad? Or do you just want to hear the good things?” 
“If I ask for just the good things, will you have anything to say?”
Felicia finally chuckled. “It’s your wit that’ll get you far. I just asked the question because some people don’t want to know when something’s bad. The problem with that is, then you don’t get the big picture or the picture you do get doesn’t make sense.”
“What the hell, let’s see the whole mess so that maybe I can avoid whatever there is that’s making you frown.”
Felicia ran her hand over a dark card a number of times almost in a caress. “Has your husband’s job been taking him away from you more lately than not?” 
Perrin thought about the long hours he’d been putting in the past few months and the longer ones when they were overseas. She groaned. “Don’t tell me, he’s going to have to do PR in another country again. Great, I just get to the point where I feel settled. That’s it isn’t it, why he’s been dragging his feet about having a baby even though he promised we’d start working on it once I turned thirty. He promised I wouldn’t have to wait much longer than that….”
“No.” Felicia let the one word sit until she had Perrin’s full attention. “You won’t be going overseas with your husband again. Well, at least not with this husband. And the other would be a long way away.”
Flabbergasted, Perrin stared at her a few seconds with her mouth open trying to grab for air. “Excuse me, what did you say? Not with this husband? This husband is the only husband I plan on having. Are you trying to say something’s going to happen to him?” Her voice ended in a high-pitched squeak and her hands clenched on the arms of the chair.
“Not exactly… it appears the man you married is closely connected to another woman. I’d say the affair has already started and may have been going on for a while. But the cards say there’s a split in the near future. Don’t worry, there’s a man you’ve yet to meet….”
Perrin bounced off her seat as if someone hit an eject button and blew out the door before the woman could continue with her remark. She slipped past a few of her friends in animated conversation and made a bee line for the bathroom where she locked the door and leaned up against it, eyes brimming with tears. She needed to get control of herself. Letting this woman’s accusations upset her was insane. This was nothing more than a parlor game. Or was it? Why was she the only one with bad news? Maybe she wasn’t. Maybe Felicia said things just as disturbing to some of the other guests but they had enough sense to not hide out and cry about it.
Leaning over to the sink, Perrin turned on the cold water and splashed it on her face. When she looked back at her reflection, her eyes didn’t look so red. She’d only need another minute or so to be completely composed and then she could go out, face the crowd, and lie her head off. This is exactly what she did, as her pulse beat like a countdown from one hundred while she remained strapped to the ticking bomb. As the numbers lowered and the explosion drew near, her frozen smile threatened to crack. She edged toward the door when Felicia appeared.
“I’m so happy you announced Perrin here will be a mommy soon. It’s the news she’s been waiting for,” Kathryn said pointing to Perrin.
Felicia looked at her questioningly and Perrin stared her down, daring her to deny what she told the others. Felicia smiled at them. “It may not be exactly as she anticipated, but when she least expects it, it’ll happen. And I’ll go out on a limb and say it’s a boy.”
Kathryn laughed. “Gary will be so thrilled, now when you don’t want to go to a ball game,” she said to Perrin, “he’ll have someone else to take.”
“That’s exactly what I told her,” Felicia said cryptically.
“Well, I’m heading out now. I can hardly wait to share our chat with my husband.” This last line Perrin directed toward Felicia. She hugged Kathryn and walked out the door before her eyes began to well up again.
Her keys dropped from her shaking fingers before she could open the car door. Searching along the darkened ground she choked back a sob. Don’t believe her. She doesn’t know what she’s talking about. Once found, the keys jerked in hands that robotically began the process of driving home. Body and mind worked as two separate entities. The body functioned physically enough to set en route from habit, the route conditioned, memorized. The mind chanted, don’t believe her while tears welled, blinding and unshed, until without conscious thought she pulled over to the side of the road to let loose.
Never any stinking tissue when it’s needed. Served her right for being so tidy, not even a napkin in the glove compartment. Remembering Gary’s gym bag lurked in the trunk, she rushed from the car, grabbed his T-shirt and blew her nose under the little polo player.
 Her mind ran through clues like a laundry list; their distance from each other, the long work hours, the late phone calls, the lack of sex. The son of a bitch. Since the side of the road didn’t boast best place for an emotional breakdown, she started to drive again until a second flooding threatened. Her body shook as if chilled from fever and her head throbbed. If she could make it one more block to the Starbucks, she’d stop and compose herself. Sip something hot to calm her nerves, and then she’d be able to stop crying enough to go home and pretend. She had to make it go away, if she didn’t, the world would end.




If you like sports books, take a look at the following from the Rules of the Game Series by Heather Peters.

Playing For Keeps

Every moment of Nick Dante's life came down to this time and place.
Standing on the mound, eyeing his opponent at home plate, sweat sliding down his back and face, Nick lifted his cap, and swiped an arm across his skin. He took his time, focusing as if hypnotized on the opposing batter taking his stance ninety feet away.
One more strike, and the World Series would belong to his team, the California Condors. One more strike, and Nick would bring his team the first World Series championship in two decades.
To the forty thousand plus fans cheering wildly in San Francisco's CalCon Stadium, Nick appeared to be cool, calm and disciplined. Yet only he knew the opposite to be true.
A long standing rotator cuff shoulder injury, a common malady to major league pitchers, was the reason for his inner turmoil.  He stepped off the mound, picked up the rosin bag to dry his palm, then re-claimed the pitching mound. Taking a deep breath to tamp down his nausea, Nick palmed the ball while he eyed the hand signals his catcher directed toward him.
His shoulder was going to cry on this pitch, but all Nick wanted was to win this game and the Series. It had been a long season of ups and downs. He'd won twenty games for the fourth straight season. The win today would just be icing on the proverbial cake.
Top of the ninth, two outs, two strikes, the Condors leading 1-0.  His opponents, the New York Knights, were favored to win the series that had gone to seven games. Nick loved being the underdog in his sport and always credited himself with being a competitor. 
Shaking off the catcher's sign as the pain in his shoulder grew worse with every breath he took, Nick ignored the queasiness in his stomach. He nodded at his pitcher's sign; fast ball, ok, better. He could do that.
As if in slow motion, Dante wrapped his long fingers around the baseball, feeling the leather stitching between his index and middle fingers. He began to wind up for his blazing two-seam fastball.  His six foot three frame stood straight and strong. He lifted one leg, then, cradling the ball, raised his arms, grimacing under the pain.  You can do it, just one strike and it's over.
He gripped the ball while lifting his shoulder and right leg. He followed through the motion as his right leg hit the ground, then watched in agony as the ball dipped low, then squarely crossed home plate. 
His catcher caught it, and all ears heard the umpire bellow, "strike three, yer out." And Nick Dante exhaled a piercing laugh.
Before the cheering crowd, the underdog Condors became the World Series Champions. Nick Dante became a hero.
A moment of regret grabbed Nick as a fleeting vision of a gorgeous red head who'd been the love of his life over a decade ago flashed before his eyes. She should be here, sharing this moment with him, sitting in the stands, cheering him on. But he knew that she was not. 
Victory was bittersweet.
***

Three thousand miles away, in a Manhattan television studio, Jenna Valentine was taping her guest spot on a cable cooking show for future airing.  She smiled at the camera, while completing her latest recipe.
". . .And place a basil leaf for an aromatic garnish. And there you have it, a simple, but tantalizing dish that will bring cheers from your hungry guests."  Jenna placed her palms on the counter and brought the show to a close.
"I'm Jenna Valentine. It's been a pleasure cooking for you on Food Fever." She held up a glass of red wine and saluted her audience. "Buono appetito."
The house lights went up, Jenna took a long sip of her wine, then relaxed.
"That's a wrap everyone. Thank you." The director pulled off his headphones and took a deep breath, then smiled.  "Good work everyone. Great show, Ms. Valentine," he proclaimed, sniffing the air. "Smells good."
"My grandmother's recipe. Never fails," Jenna announced, happy to share the mouth watering Italian stuffed eggplant dish she'd prepared on air with her crew. She also reminded one of the production assistants to take the leftovers of the meal to the St. Francis Mission down the block, where many of the city's homeless would be fed.  It was the least she could do, having been lucky enough to share with others less fortunate.
Making her way to a nearby stool, Jenna settled down, then toed off her ridiculously high designer heels.  She sipped on her wine, leaned back and closed her eyes, grateful that her guest spot on Food Fever was done. She'd had a chance to plug her new café in Brooklyn. Television would be a great way of advertising Cafe Valentine, which she owned with her sister, Grace. Her intimate, romantic café would have its grand opening next week. Grace managed the business part with expert skill, while Jenna shared cooking duties with their sous chef, Mario.
While thinking about which specials to list for the first night of their debut, Jenna was brought out of her musings by a couple of crew members.
Nearly choking on her wine, she nearly fell off the stool as she heard a name that rendered her breathless.
Nick Dante.
"Did you see that last inning?" one crew member exclaimed. "Dante pitches a three hitter, then strikes out the last guy to win the Series. Un-friggin-believable."
The other young man nodded in agreement. "Yeah, but see how he collapsed after he won the game?  Ah, he's all done with that bum shoulder of his. How old is Dante, anyway, thirty- five, thirty- six?"
Jenna swallowed hard, and answered without thinking. "He's thirty-three."
The two crew members turned to her with eyebrows raised. "Hey Ms. Valentine, you a baseball fan?"
Jenna felt her cheeks blush. "In a manner of speaking."
The other man nodded. "Oh, then you must be a Nick Dante fan."
"Hardly." She frowned.
"Then how. . ."
Jenna needed to end this conversation, but didn’t want to be rude. "I knew him in college." She sighed and hoped she appeared disinterested.
Yeah, there's an understatement. You've known him longer than that. And have loved him all your life.
"You dated Nick Dante?" one of the guys asked wide-eyed, interest obvious now.
Jenna nodded weakly. Wouldn’t these two young men be interested to know that not only did she go to college with Nick, but that she also knew his family, the way he kissed, that his hair was thick and felt like silk when you drew your fingers through it.
Jenna knew his eyes were the color of espresso, and grew darker when he was aroused.  He was six foot three inches, had a small scar on his chin from being hit with a baseball when he was in college.
His voice lowered when aroused, and she used to call him Nico. 
And the way he made love as though his life depended on it.
It was all a long time ago. But she could still taste his bone melting kisses, his strong arms wrapped around her.	
Shaking herself out of her reverie, Jenna slid from the stool, and hurriedly gathered papers and her bag together. She had to get out of here. After twelve years, the mention of his name still possessed the power to screw up her mind, and affect her body.
Yeah, she knew a lot about Nick Dante.
After all, he was her ex-husband.


