












© 2019 Published by Madison Publishing 

Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form without express written permission from the author/publisher.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and events are the product of the author’s imagination and any resemblance to any persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Table of Contents
One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve
Thirteen
Fourteen
Fifteen
Sixteen
Seventeen
Eighteen
Nineteen
Twenty
Twenty-One
Twenty-Two
Twenty-Three
Twenty-Four
Twenty-Five
Twenty-Six
Twenty-Seven
Twenty-Eight
Twenty-Nine
Thirty
Thirty-One
Thirty-Two
Thirty-Three
Thirty-Four
Thirty-Five
Thirty-Six
Thirty-Seven









Chapter One


“Eleanor, you can’t be serious,” my mother spoke, her voice almost unnaturally proper. Even when it was just the two of us in a room, she felt the need to maintain the strictest societal proprieties. It drove me nuts. 
“Mom, please call me Elle,” I suggested. It had only been ten years since I’d started using the abbreviation for my ridiculously aged name. Who named their kid Eleanor in the late nineties? My parents, it seemed. 
“You know I will not do that, Eleanor. You have a beautiful name and it should be used properly, not shortened like you are some sort of hoodlum.”
I almost laughed aloud but I knew she’d freak out, so instead, I let out a tiny sigh. “Yes, Mother. But I am serious,” I confirmed, sitting down on the small sofa beside her. I took her hands in mine, as if to strengthen my resolve at my recent life-altering decision. 
“I want to move out on my own, away from our family’s money. Getting away would be good for me – there’s too many pretentious, money-hungry ass –”
“Eleanor!”
I rolled my eyes. “Sorry. I don’t like the way people look at you and Dad. Like they’re trying to find a way to get some of that money. I just want a normal life.”
“And you think Virginia Beach holds the answer.” My mother wasn’t one to use sarcasm often, but when she did, it was drier than even the most seasoned cynic. 
“I do.” I didn’t elaborate. I didn’t need to. My mother’s blue eyes, the ones that mirrored my own, reflected understanding. The Tish family name had long been in the limelight of society and with every eye watching, how could anyone enjoy their life? The answer was simple: we couldn’t. 
My mother was living proof. Every second of every day of her life was spent being perfect. Perfect hair. Perfect make-up. Perfect attire. It was exhausting just to watch. I felt no compulsion to keep up the same façade. I knew who I was. Sort of. But the joy of being twenty-two years old was that I didn’t have to be perfect yet. Society still looked at me like I was a child, mostly because when I made an appearance in public, I dressed and acted like a child, on purpose. I saw no reason to incite their curiosity. Instead, I lived my own life in private. Sort of. 
The truth was far more complex. I didn’t really have a life. I had no true friends to speak of, no companions or people I trusted, with the exception of my parents. I was the only child, a woman who would one day help run the Tish family empire. It was a curse, if ever there had been one. I wanted something different for my life, though. I wasn’t exactly sure what, but I figured spending the summer at the beach was a good first step in figuring it out. 
“How long do you propose to be gone?” Mother asked, and for the first time since I brought up my hare-brained venture, I felt she might actually agree. 
“Just the summer,” I confirmed. “I want to see how normal people live, if only for a season.”
She sighed. “Your father will pitch a fit.”
“But you can convince him,” I said with a shrug. 
Lane Tisch seemed shy, almost timid to the public eye, but behind closed doors, she ran our home. No one argued with my mother, save for maybe me, on occasion, but only when absolutely necessary. She was a force to be reckoned with, and if anyone could convince my father to let me go away and be normal for a summer, it was her. I knew she could, if she had the desire to try. 
“Of course I can,” she confirmed my thoughts. “But I still don’t understand your reasoning. And if I’m going to be on this sinking ship, I’ll have to have a better reason than childish whimsy.”
I closed my eyes. I had no doubts as to where I got my stubbornness from: she was sitting next to me. But that meant I had to have an edge, an angle to get what I wanted. 
My eyes popped open as soon as the thought entered my head. “Was there ever a time when you wanted more than the Tish name could give you?”
She straightened uncomfortably. “What do you mean?”
I stood up and paced the small sitting room. The décor was so elegant, so unlived in. If we left the room, no one would be able to tell anyone was ever there. It was like living in a museum. 
“Oh, I don’t know. Like have you ever felt that there was something more for you out there than just running a ridiculously successful company? I mean, it’s an honor, to be sure, but I have cousins who love running the business and being involved, and every time I’m invited to a board meeting… I just end up being bored. I have dreams beyond our name, and that means I must get out from under it in order rise above it. I want to experience a life lesson, not learn how to do the books. I just want… more.”
I turned back toward her and found her smiling. “What?” I asked, my anticipation growing.
“You can go. I’ll figure out the details with your father, but you have my permission and he won’t go against that.”
I blinked at her. “Seriously?” I had to sit down again in order for my mind to stop swimming. There was no way it was that easy. 
She took my hand in hers. “You think you’re the only one who’s ever sought adventure? How exactly do you think I met your father, Eleanor? That wild spirit you can’t seem to ignore, or control… you get it from me. And I never imagined that would come back to bite me one day, but here we are.” She moved her hands about, gesturing to our situation. “I couldn’t be controlled when I was your age, and I don’t expect I’ll be able to control you, either. But I can at least make sure you’re safe.
“We have a beach house in Virginia Beach. It’s fairly modest. Your grandmother liked to go stay there on weekends before she passed away. The waves calmed her, I think. I’ll rent it to you. If you’re going to be on your own, you’ll have to work for it. Go down, get a job, and really see what living is all about. I trust you’ll have yourself quite an adventure. Please check in from time to time, so I know you haven’t been mugged or worse. But I want you to have fun. And make sure you get it all out, because I’m certain your father is going to mandate that you come home in the fall and finally take your place in this company.
“Please don’t end up in jail. I’d rather not have a scandal on my hands. Other than that, I think this will be good for you. It’ll be a lesson, and something for you to tell your children about someday.”
“Aren’t you going to tell me your wild story?”
“My sweet Eleanor, that is a story for another time, I think.” With that, she kissed my forehead and then got up and walked away. All those hours of worrying last night and she’d caved ten times faster than I ever imagined. It seemed too good to be true. I was about to have the summer I’d always dreamed of. 

Chapter Two


It was too damn hot. That’s the only thing I could think of as I drove down to my new home. I packed my car with all my stuff, after my mother assured me the family home was fully furnished. Of course, it wasn’t exactly my car I was driving. Mine was a newer model BMW that would’ve tipped off anyone I encountered to my lies about my identity. Instead, Mom found a used Honda for me take. I wasn’t quite sure it would even make the trip, let alone make it through the summer. But Mom assured me she’d had it looked at by our top mechanic and it would be fine. 
And so I’d driven to Virginia Beach. Palm trees flooded the streets, the closer I got to the shoreline. It was busy and bustling, with tons of things to do. I couldn’t wait to get out and meet people. Unfortunately for me, I didn’t have any money yet. Mother had given me two thousand dollars, which was enough to cover the $1500 rent she charged me, a two-hundred-dollar car insurance payment, and have just enough for a couple grocery trips and putting gas in the car. As much as I was looking forward to it, I was also terrified. I had to find a job, and fast. Money was something I wasn’t accustomed to not having in a steady supply. 
I turned into the driveway of my late grandmother’s home and was surprised to find it on the run down-side. The overgrown lawn shadowed the entire building; a shutter teetered near the front window. Other than that, it seemed in good shape, with a large living area, newer kitchen, and three bedrooms upstairs. I threw a few of my bags into the largest bedroom and laid on the bed, intending to close my eyes for just a second. 
I woke to the sound of my phone ringing loudly from the pocket of my jeans. I vaguely recognized the number and picked up just before it should have gone to voicemail. 
“Hello?”
“Oh, I’m sorry, did I wake you?” came a distinct southern accent on the other end. 
I rubbed my eyes. “Not at all. Who’s this?”
“It’s Sydney Reed! We spoke the other day about me renting a room?”
Shit! I had completely forgotten I was supposed to meet her. “I’m so sorry. I must’ve fallen asleep,” I said groggily as I noticed through the window the sun had just started to set. Some nap. 
“We can reschedule if you need,” she replied easily, though her voice was strained; just shy of sounding desperate. 
“No, no. When can you be here?” I stood up, shaking my limbs as if to wake them. 
She cleared her throat. “Um, I’m in the driveway.”
Of course. “I’ll be right down.”
The idea of living with roommates wasn’t my first choice, but there was little chance I’d be able to afford the $1500 rent to my mother alone every month. So I posted an ad online for a room for rent. I hoped it wouldn’t bring out any crazies. Sydney was the first to reply and was adamant that she check it out as soon as possible. I made the plan to meet her before I ever drove to Virginia Beach and then I promptly forgot once I reached the house. 
I raced downstairs, barely stopping in the front room to get a glimpse of myself in the mirror there. I looked ragged, but I figured that was probably a good thing. If anyone knew my real name, they could easily recognize me. Instead, I dressed down and wore as little makeup as possible.
“Sydney? Hey,” I said to her as I pulled open the front door. 
She turned toward me and I could do little more than gawk at her. Sydney Reed was gorgeous. With long, wavy blonde hair, a full hour-glass figure, and legs that seemed miles long, she was easily the most beautiful person I’d ever seen in real life. She wore a strappy sundress that hugged her hips and casually billowed in the ocean breeze. Her teeth were white, her smile warm and inviting. I let out a sigh of relief. She’s not a crazy. She removed her dark sunglasses and her eyes were a smoky color of green. She had on heavy makeup, but it was sort of runny, and I couldn’t quite tell if it had melted off in the heat or she’d been crying recently. 
“And you must be Eleanor,” she said, walking toward me with her hand stretched out. I shook her hand with a smile. 
“Call me Elle,” I suggested. As far as nicknames went, it wasn’t very original, but the less people thought of me as Eleanor, the less likely they were to catch on to who I was. The media loved using my full name; it made me stick out more profoundly.
Her smile widened. “I love it. Eleanor is such an old name, and you’re hardly that. Elle suits you.”
“Do you want to see the place?” I asked, stepping back to invite her into my grandmothers’ home. She already made a good impression, but I wasn’t too sure if the house would make a good impression on her. It was musty inside, from having been locked tight for a while.
My mother assured me she sent a cleaning crew ahead of me, so it wasn’t too bad, but I had also insisted they not do too much; I wanted to make it my home for the summer, and that meant really living there, which included cleaning and daily tasks. My mother was impressed with my ambition. We made our way through the first floor of the house together, both of us discovering the place. 
The small foyer opened into a large formal living and dining area and then connected around the back of the house to a large kitchen with attached covered porch that acted as an informal living space. It was very well decorated except for some dust. Things mostly just needed to be wiped clean. The appliances were all newer models, which probably shouldn’t have surprised me; my grandmother had been a whiz in the kitchen, always cooking something delicious. I couldn’t wait to start cooking in it, too. 

Chapter Three


“I’ll take it,” Sydney commented as we made our way up the wooden staircase to the second floor. 
I turned back to look at her. “What?”
Her intense gaze never wavered. “I like it. I like you. I want to live here. Everything else is just details.”
I nodded. She was determined, I’d give her that. “Sounds good. I’ll let you pick your room, then.” I continued up and she followed. She chose the room adjacent to mine, which was close to the shared bathroom. 
“I’ve got everything in the car, so once I pay you, I’d like to move right in,” she explained and then pulled a bright blue wallet out of her oversized purse. She withdrew five one hundred-dollar bills and handed them to me. “Do you want a deposit?”
“Uhh,” I had no idea. 
Her eyes narrowed. “How about two hundred for a deposit?”
“Yeah, sure.”
She withdrew two more bills and put them in my hand. “And we’ll do month-to-month, yeah?”
“Works for me.”
With that, she headed to her car to start unloading her things. Since my car was also still full of my crap, I followed her, tucking the seven hundred bucks in my back pocket. I propped open the front screen door and we lugged our stuff upstairs. Sydney plugged in a speaker and insisted she play some music. 
I had to admit, the beat made me want to get done faster so I could explore the new world we were in. After another hour or two, it was pitch black and we were exhausted, but I wasn’t quite ready to sleep. 
“So where are you from?” Sydney asked as she sat on the couch across from me, sipping the wine she insisted we open to celebrate our new home. 
I leaned back in the rocking chair and closed my eyes. “Connecticut.” It wasn’t a complete lie. I’d been born in Connecticut and gone to school there. “You?”
“I was born and raised in South Carolina. I made the trek to Virginia Beach to get away from the drama of my entire life. Everyone just knows everything about you there and I was tired of that. Is it so wrong to want some anonymity?”
I laughed and looked at her. She sure liked to talk, but I found that might be to my favor. “Yeah, I get it. A new place; it’s definitely a fresh start.”
“You got a job here?” 
I sighed. “Not yet. I haven’t even looked. That’s on the agenda tomorrow.” 
“You’ll be able to find something as a server in one of the restaurants, probably. They’re always hiring and they’ll train you if you don’t have experience. I worked at a hotel back home and just transferred to one here. I start tomorrow night, so if you want to go get breakfast or brunch in the morning, I’m game.”
“That sounds good. And then I’ll go job hunting while you’re at work.”
“I could get you a job at the hotel,” she offered. 
No way. “I think I’ll try waitressing,” I told her. “Should be good money in this area.”
She nodded. “That’s true. I heard the girls around here make bank.”
“Thank God. I need to make as much money as I can,” I commented. 
“Are you going to rent out that third bedroom? That’s always a great way to make a little more income.”
I considered it. “I’m not sure, yet. I thought I would, but it just depends. I want to find the right person.”
“Ah, so you mean you don’t plan on letting just anyone push you around to get their way?” She laughed and I had to follow suit. 
“Hey, I let you push me. I needed a roommate. A second roommate is less necessary, so I can be picky.”
“Good idea. If you’ll excuse me, I’m going to head to bed. I’m exhausted from all that moving. I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Night.” 
After she walked up the stairs, I went to the kitchen to take stock. I wanted to bake, and that meant I needed supplies. I checked the cupboards and found plenty of non-perishable ingredients like flour and sugar. There were no eggs, so I started a list. It was well after nine, but I knew there were twenty-four-hour grocery stores, so I grabbed my keys and wallet and made a trip. 
Money wasn’t as tight since I secured a roommate, so I figured I could splurge a bit. I spent over a hundred dollars at the store, but even I was impressed with the amount of stuff I got. I mainly shopped buy one, get one deals and went for the least expensive items. I unloaded everything in the kitchen as quietly as I could and planned to bake first thing in the morning.  
Chapter Four


The next morning, I didn’t wake up until after nine. Exhaustion, it seemed, was contagious. The house was hardly soundproof; I could hear Sydney downstairs already, fiddling in the kitchen and then the sweet aroma of coffee wafted into my room and I made my way to the master bathroom. I hadn’t realized it existed until Sydney pointed it out while we were moving things into the house the night before. It was huge, too, connected to the walk-in closet, and had a giant jetted tub. I couldn’t wait to try it out. 
I walked into the kitchen a short while later and found Sydney sitting on a stool at the small breakfast bar. I put a pod in the coffee maker and hit the button, turning toward her. She was so furiously swiping on her phone; she didn’t notice me. 
“Good morning.”
She jumped a foot. “Shit! I didn’t even hear you come down.” 
I let out a small laugh. “What are you so intent on?” I nodded toward her phone. 
Technology sometimes drove me crazy. Sure, it was convenient, but it distracted people from actually interacting with each other. I missed hanging out with people instead of being in a group where everyone was glued to their phone. 
“Oh. Tinder!” She turned her phone toward me and showed me a photo of a really hot guy. She flicked her wrist to the right and there was a match popup. “And now he can ask me on a date.”
“Online dating, huh? Sounds lame. Whatever happened to meeting someone out in the world and going from there?” Damn, I sounded old, even to me. 
She rolled her eyes. “There’s nothing wrong with it, per se, but do you really want to start dating someone you met a bar? I assume that’s where you’re talking about meeting someone. And that’s the lame part. It’s not like people meet at the grocery store or anything anymore. This app allows me a lot more control. I get to decide how much I want to stalk a guy before I give him my number or meet him for a date. And I like being in control.”
I poured sugar in my coffee and then grabbed cream out of the fridge. “Sounds like it. I’m too old fashioned, I know. But hey, maybe that’s why I’m single.”
She raised a brow at me. “Having a little coffee with your cream?”
“What? Oh. Yeah, I like it really light.”
“Cream can be your responsibility on the weekly shopping list.” She grinned at me. “But, no, I get it about the old-fashioned thing. I just like to know what I’m getting into.”
I sipped the sweet nectar from the gods. “Yeah but getting to know someone is half the fun. If you learn everything about them before hand, what do you talk about on a date?”
She pondered it for a minute. “I guess I don’t really talk much on a date, if you catch my drift.” She suggestively wiggled her eyebrows.
I cringed. “Really? I mean I know Tinder is like the hookup app, but on the first date? Seems a little much.”
“Not every time… I’m not a total slut! But hey, if it feels right, and by that, I mean if he’s big enough –”
“Sydney!”
“Just being honest, dude. Guys do it. Why can’t women?”
“No, I get that. And it’s not like I’ve never gone all the way on a first date, but damn, talking about it so openly; my mother would kill me if she heard this conversation.”
She shrugged. “Well, no offense, but your mom is either a liar or a prude. Women talk about everything sexually; we’re just more coy and secretive about it than men are. Mostly because we’re smarter.”
I lifted my mug in salute to her. “Amen to that.”
We shared a laugh and decided to get some breakfast. I postponed my baking session. Two blocks away was a small, twenty-four-hour diner, so we walked to it. The waitress was friendly, the food delicious, and we both agreed we’d frequent the place more often. 
My new roommate quickly became a friend. She was different from most of the women I knew in life, and that was what drew me to her: she wasn’t prim and proper. She was an enigma. I wanted to learn as much as I could from her. After all, we only had the summer to be friends.
After breakfast, I decided to try my hand at baking something delicious. Sydney watched from her perch at the breakfast counter, swiping left and right on her phone while I measured and mixed ingredients for coffee cake. 
“Why coffee cake?” She asked. 
I added a little extra cinnamon. “I figure we shouldn’t always eat out. And coffee cake stays fresh for a few days, so we’ll have breakfast for the week.”
“That makes sense. What else do you bake?”
“I don’t know, honestly. I learned from my grandmother as a little girl and I like to think I can make more, but I may have to look around and see if I can find one of her old cookbooks to help me along.” I poured the aromatic mixture into a pan and popped it in the oven. 
Sydney disappeared for a few minutes and returned with a notebook in her hands. A very old, very well-worn notebook.
“Is this what you were talking about?” She held it out for me to inspect. 
I took it gingerly from her and flipped through a couple pages. Every recipe I’d ever made as a child with my grandmother was written throughout the pages, in her handwriting. It was perfect.
I looked up at her. “Where did you find this?”
She sat back down at the counter and picked up her phone. “It was in a drawer in the desk in my room. I figured you might want it.” She said it so casually, but she had to know how much something like that notebook would mean to me. 
“Thank you.” 
“Don’t sweat it. Did you spend a lot of time here as a kid?”
I cleared my throat, not entirely certain how much to tell her. A lie, it seemed, was in order. “Uhh, no. She only bought this place shortly before she died. I’ve never been here before yesterday.”
“That’s a shame. She’s got tons of pictures of you in the living room,” she added softly. 
Taken aback, I wandered into the formal living room, surprised I hadn’t noticed before. There were pictures of me and my cousins at our summer house in Connecticut, school photos of me through grade school. The pictures were old, but the memories they brought were some of the happiest ones from my childhood. 
I smiled as I walked through the living room among the photos. My family might have its ups and downs, but it was mine. Everything else aside, I knew where I came from.
The timer for the cake beeped in the kitchen, interrupting my thoughts and I went to pull the pan out of the oven. 
Chapter Five


That afternoon, Sydney drove to work and I put on a pair of jeans and a nice dress shirt. She assured me that places on the beach were more casual and wouldn’t be worried about a pair of jeans. I was skeptical, but she was the expert. I took her advice and walked to the boardwalk. It wasn’t far, and if I didn’t have to drive to a job, I figured that was a plus. Parking near the boardwalk, it appeared, was expensive. 
The first place I came to was Steak & Biscuits. It was, for all intents and purposes, a hole in the wall, but I knew that was a plus. Open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, it closed at ten o’clock at night. That would keep late nights to a minimum. 
I walked in and asked the hostess if they were hiring. She promptly asked me to wait while she got a manager. Within minutes, I had a job. It was all very confusing, it happened so fast. 
“We pay our servers tips every day, so you won’t likely get much of a paycheck. But you’ll make a killing here,” the manager, Blake, assured me. He was younger than I imagined a restaurant manager would be, but I knew better than anyone that age was just a number. 
“Sounds fun. When can I start?”
He looked around. “Right now. We’re about to do shift change and my dinner crew is coming in, so I can put you with one of my best girls to train. We should be able to get you out on your own within two or three shifts.”
Shit, that’s fast. “Great. Do I need a change of clothes?” 
“Nah, you’ll be okay. We have shirts for employees and jeans are fine. Let me see if I can find Audrey so she can get you started.” He got up from the booth where he conducted my half-ass interview and went off to search for her. 
“You must be Eleanor,” a shorter, dirty-blonde-haired girl said as she approached the booth a few minutes later. 
I stood. “Call me Elle.”
“Well that’s easier. Hi Elle, I’m Audrey. I’ll be training you tonight. Follow me,” she instructed and turned away, not even waiting for a reply. I laughed a little to myself and then rushed to keep up. She might be short but the girl could move. 
She walked us through the restaurant, pointing out the things I would need to do before starting a shift and showing me where everything was kept. When she opened the walk-in, a blast of cold air hit my face and made me shiver. 
“Lettuce and all the produce are kept along this wall. All our sauces are on the other side, on these shelves,” she explained, gesturing to the right and left. “The beer cooler is toward the back, through that door. We don’t have permission to go in there, though. So if anyone asks you to change a keg, let a manager know and they’ll take care of it.” She slapped her hand against a tall bar stool in the corner. “This is where I come to cry.”
I raised a brow. “What?”
“Don’t worry, I won’t let anyone make you cry, yet. But trust me, it’ll happen. Or, at the very least, you’ll want to scream in frustration. Everyone says it’s an easy job, but customer service is pretty much a bitch. And people can be rude about the dumbest things. But you can just come in here to take a break, if you need it. It’s a perfect place to cool off and regroup.”
We left the walk-in and she continued showing me the kitchen, introducing me to all the cooks. Everyone was very nice, of course, but the kitchen manager was borderline inappropriate. 
“Hi Elle, I’m Kevin. If you ever need anything, anything at all, you can come to me.” He said it with a smile, but he seriously creeped me out and he held onto my hand far too long for comfort. 
Once we were back in the dining room, Audrey addressed it. “He’s a bit of a perv and will probably hit on you several times. If I’m around, I’ll be sure to put him in his place. Otherwise, just be firm and tell him you have a boyfriend.”
“But I don’t.”
She shook her head. “He won’t know that. Besides, it’s never a good idea to date someone you work with, not that you’d be interested in any of the guys here.” We continued through the bar area and she led me onto a covered patio. “This is where we do a lot of business. I’ve already recommended you for patio duty, since I pretty much run things out here. On the weekends, I usually work the outdoor bar, and I get to choose who my server is for the night. And the two of us split tips for the whole night. You can bank on about three hundred a night on a weekend shift. It’s not bad. Happy hour brings in a lot of people earlier in the night. People stay away during the day because it’s so hot, but once it cools down, they come out in droves. Plus, we’re right on the beach, so we get a lot of tourists.”
My mind focused on the money for a moment. Three hundred bucks? That seemed like more than enough and I couldn’t wait to get started. I trailed Audrey around, learning as much as I could. Eventually, Blake interrupted us with a fitted V-neck shirt for me and some paperwork for me to fill out, so we sat at an empty booth on the patio and I filled everything out. I was nervous about putting my name, but my mother assured me that just using Jordan as my last name would be fine, since the name was on my social security card, even if it was my middle name. 
Audrey wasn’t taking tables yet, letting the day shift girl get a few more before she took over. She sat across from me, explaining more about the job. “If you’re scheduled for the patio, you get to wear shorts, either blue jean or black. There’s no minimum length, since we’re right on the water. Blake is pretty accommodating. As long as he can’t see butt cheeks, he won’t say anything about how long or short they are. The V-neck shirt is probably going to be tight, but I suggest wearing a tank top under it for two reasons: in the dead of summer, you’re going to sweat. So you’ll need the extra layer to sop some of it up. And the second reason is to keep some of the more perverted customers at bay, or at least keep them from staring at your chest. Make sure you get a pair of black non-slip shoes at some point this week. They’re required by law, but Blake will give you some time, especially since you just moved here and don’t have serving experience. He knows you’ll need to build up some money first.”
I nodded, continuing to fill out my paperwork while we spoke. “Do you really make three hundred a night? That seems like so much.”
She tapped her long, bright pink fingernails against the tabletop. “It depends, really. I’ve had five hundred-dollar nights, and I’ve had nights where I don’t even break a hundred. But usually, it’s between two-fifty and three. Sometimes more, sometimes less. I work four nights a week and make no less than a grand each week.”
“That’s kind of awesome. Who else is working on the patio tonight?” I asked, glancing around. 
She grinned. “Well, the girl who was supposed to come in called out. It’s just you and me tonight, babe. You’ll be fine,” she added when I made a face. 
“I don’t know anything yet!” I told her. 
“I’ve taken care of the whole patio by myself before. Just stay right beside me and if you don’t know something, admit you don’t and promise the guest you’ll be right back with the answer. I’m sure you’ll be fine.” Her confidence in me was humbling, if not terrifying. 
Chapter Six


Hours later, I was both physically and mentally exhausted. Most of the people on the patio were cool, but there were some assholes, who Audrey made sure she took care of. But eventually, we developed a system, and it worked. I took most of the small tables and she took the small bar top and any bigger parties that wanted to sit outside, while making all bar drinks for us. I had to admit, we worked well together. 
It was after nine when we finally slowed down enough for either of us to catch a breath. “You’re doing great,” she assured me.
“That’s good to hear, because I feel like I’m falling apart.” 
She chuckled and turned her attention to the two men approaching the patio area. They were both ridiculously tall, several inches taller than me, both also incredibly attractive. I smiled at them as Audrey frowned. 
“It’s almost closing time, Lake,” she said in an irritated tone. 
The blonde man tilted his head. “Bullshit. We’ve still got forty-five minutes.” He and his friend sat at the bar, each grinning from ear to ear. 
“Elle, can you work behind the bar?”
I knew I had that deer-in-the-headlights look. “What? I’m not trained or anything.”
She sighed. “Yeah, I know. But it’s slow enough for you to learn. Get back here.”
I went around the bar, stepping behind it and wondering if she was going to introduce me to these guys she obviously knew. 
“And who are you training tonight, Audrey?” the man she’d called Lake asked her. 
She narrowed her eyes at him. “You stay away from my trainee.”
He threw his hands up defensively. “I just want an introduction.”
I rolled my eyes but approached them. “Hi guys. I’m Elle. It’s my first day.”
“Yeah, we can see that,” the dark-haired guy replied sarcastically. His blue eyes were cloudy with shades of gray.
I glared at him but didn’t say anything. He seemed rude.
“What my mannerless friend means is that you’re wearing jeans. It’s too hot to be in long pants. I’m Lake,” he added, reaching over the bar to shake my hand and gestured to his friend. “This barbarian is Mason.”
I shook his hand with a smile. “Nice to you meet you, Lake.” I glanced at Mason but didn’t say anything. I really didn’t have time for his arrogant sarcasm. 
“Okay, great, now you know my new employee. Can you leave now?” Audrey all but stomped her foot from behind me. 
Mason shot her a look. “Just one beer.”
“Ugh! You guys never have just one and you tip like shit. I don’t want to be here all night,” she grumbled. 
“Oh, come on, Audrey! We’re family,” Lake replied. 
Family? Oh, I had so many questions to ask her when we had a moment alone. 
“No, we aren’t family. You are a vague semblance to my older brother and this one,” she said, pointing at Mason, “just wants free drinks. I’m not in the mood, guys. One beer, and then you’re gone.”
“Fine. We’ll go out somewhere else, then,” Mason said with an attitude. He gave me a thorough once over, intentionally sliding his gaze over my entire body before meeting my eyes. “Nice to meet you, Elle.”
With that, they both left. 
“What the hell was that?” I asked, as soon as they were both tucked into a huge truck in the parking lot. 
Audrey rolled her eyes. “My roommates.”
“Roommates?”
“Yeah,” she said. “Have you ever lived with guys? They’re disgusting. And Navy guys are even worse!”
I only thought about it for a second before the words were out of my mouth. “I’m renting a room in my house.”
She grabbed my shoulders, her eyes wide. “Are you really? Ohmigod! How much? Fuck, it doesn’t even matter! I’ll pay you whatever you want! Anything to get away from those two.”
I laughed. The more excited she got, the more she shook me. “I just have to clear it with my other roommate, but I make the final decision. And she’s cool, anyway. It’s five hundred a month and a two hundred deposit.” I figured using Sydney’s method would work again. 
“That’s perfect! I need to get away from Lake and Mason. They’re ridiculous. When can I see the place?”
“Tonight, after work? You can meet Sydney, too.”
She hugged me. “You’re amazing!”


***** ***** *****


Audrey moved in the following day.
DAY 1
DEAR ELLE – 
I REMEMBER THE FIRST TIME I SAW YOU IN THE RESTAURANT. YOU LOOKED RAGGED AND WORN OUT, TIRED AND JUST A BIT FRAZZLED. I SMILE NOW, THINKING ABOUT HOW CUTE YOU WERE IN THAT UNIFORM SHIRT AND HOW HOT YOU MUST’VE BEEN IN A PAIR OF JEANS ON A MUGGY VIRGINIA EVENING. 
YOU LOOKED AT ME LIKE I WAS AN INSULT TO YOUR BEING, AS IF YOU COULDN’T STAND ME. I REMEMBER THINKING HOW MUCH FUN IT WOULD BE TO GET YOU TO SMILE AT ME, TO MAKE YOU MOAN UNDERNEATH ME. I KNEW, EVEN ON THAT FIRST DAY, THAT I HAD TO HAVE YOU. YOU WERE WORSE THAN ANY KNOWN ADDICTION. 
THAT NIGHT, I WENT HOME AND RAMBLED ON ABOUT HOW GORGEOUS YOU WERE. THOSE BRIGHT BLUE EYES OF YOURS GOT INSIDE MY HEAD UNTIL I COULDN’T SEE ANYTHING ELSE. LAKE TOLD ME NOT TO HURT YOU. I NEVER REALIZED THEN THAT HE KNEW WE WERE DESTINED TO DESTROY EACH OTHER. 
I MEAN, I KNEW YOU’D HURT ME, BUT I NEVER IMAGINED YOU’D KILL ME.
I WENT TO SLEEP THAT NIGHT AND DREAMT OF YOU. IN THE DREAM, WE WERE DANCING, JUST THE TWO OF US, SPINNING AROUND ENDLESSLY. WE BOTH LAUGHED, OUR SMILES SO WIDE OUR CHEEKS HURT. WHEN I WOKE UP THE NEXT DAY, I KNEW I’D HAVE TO GET YOUR ATTENTION SOMEHOW. 
I NEVER WANTED SOMEONE AS BADLY AS I WANTED YOU. YOU HAD THIS DRAW, PULLING ME IN LIKE A BEE TO HONEY. IT MADE MY STOMACH HURT AND MY CHEST ACHE. I DIDN’T UNDERSTAND IT THEN. I’M NOT SURE IF I FULLY UNDERSTAND IT NOW. 
I DON’T KNOW IF I’M EVEN GOING TO SEND THIS. IT’S BEEN A WHILE SINCE WE’VE TALKED AND I HAVE NO IDEA IF YOU EVEN WANT TO HEAR FROM ME AFTER ALL THIS TIME, BUT TO ME, THE IDEA THAT MAYBE YOU WANT TO IS ENOUGH FOR ME TO HOPE, WITH EVERY BEAT OF MY HEART, THAT YOU READ THESE LETTERS AND UNDERSTAND THAT WHAT I DID, I DID FOR YOU.

ALWAYS YOURS,
MASON 

Chapter Seven


By seven o’clock on the day Audrey moved in, we were worn out. By some stroke of luck, we all had the day off, which meant we spent the majority of it getting Audrey moved in and settling into the house. Audrey, it seemed, had only been in Virginia Beach a few weeks, but she had been living with her older brother, Lake, who had been in the area for a couple years. So she knew all the hotspots for us to go. Or so she claimed. 
“There’s this really awesome bar a few blocks up that is mostly locals, so we won’t have to deal with a bunch of tourists. They have cheap drinks and a bunch of pool tables, plus darts.”
Sydney and I looked at each other and immediately agreed. We needed a fun night, we decided. I wasn’t flowing with money, but between what Audrey expected us to be making the next few weeks and what she and Syd had given me already, I wasn’t too worried about a few bar drinks. We all agreed we each needed a shower, for sure. 
I debated washing my hair but, in the end, I didn’t. Instead, I sprayed it with coconut dry shampoo and pulled it back into a messy ponytail. I put on a pair of tight jean shorts and a black tank top that was low-cut, but not too revealing. I just wanted to feel comfortable in my own skin. I opted for a pair of bright pink flip-flops and minimal makeup, choosing a dark eyeliner and thick mascara only. 
“You ready?” Sydney called up the stairs and I changed my phone case to one with a credit card and ID holder and then headed downstairs. 
Sydney went all out. She wore a jean skirt and bright pink sleeveless top, black, open-toed heels, and more makeup than any person needed to wear, ever. But I had to admit, it was executed well, and she looked like million bucks. Plus, she was sexy as hell. 
Audrey was more mellow, choosing an above the knee sunflower dress that accentuated her curves. The flowy material looked light and flirty. She had on light makeup, but not enough to be overwhelming. 
I was impressed. “You guys look great.”
“You don’t look so bad, yourself.”
“Is that really what you’re wearing?” Sydney asked at the same time. 
I laughed. “Yes. I don’t do fancy.”
“Fine. Tomboy.”
“That’s me,” I confirmed. 
It couldn’t be further from the truth. I’d learned from a very young age to dress like a lady, and call it childish, but I wanted to dress however I felt like, for as long as I could. Come September, I’d be taking over one of my family’s hotels, and that meant looking and dressing the part, for basically the rest of my life. It wasn’t a direction in life I would’ve chosen for myself, if I had any choice at all. So I wanted to soak up all the wild I could. 
Before we left, we wanted to get a good buzz, so we each did several tequila shots, at Sydney’s insistence. We locked up the house and decided to walk to the bar, since it wasn’t far. All of us wanted to drink, and not one of us was interested in a DUI. What a trio we made; I was surprised we didn’t get more odd looks. Thankfully, there weren’t too many people out yet. 
“I have a confession,” Audrey said when we were about a block from the bar. 
Sydney and I looked at her expectantly. 
“My brother and some of his friends are probably going to be there.” 
I chuckled. “Your brother and his friend from last night?” The night was about to be interesting.
“Wait, who? Why haven’t I met this hot brother?”
Audrey rolled her eyes. “Sydney, why do you assume he’s hot?”
“Umm, have you seen you? If he’s related, he’s got to be gorgeous,” was Syd’s explanation. “Oh, Elle, I call dibs.”
“You’re impossible.”
“He’s all yours,” I told Sydney. Funny how the image of smoky blue eyes filled my mind. I shook my head to clear it. 
You can’t do a fling, Elle. It’s too dangerous to let anyone close. Stay away.
Even the warning voice in my head started to fade as we showed our IDs at the bar entrance and went inside. We found a tall table near an empty pool table and decided to claim it so we could get a few games in before the place filled up. Thursday, apparently, was ladies night, so we didn’t pay a cover, but they had a DJ in the adjacent room. That made the pool area quieter and more relaxed, which I could appreciate. 
Sydney and Audrey decided to play first while I went to the bar to grab drinks. We agreed on drinking beer for the night, so I ordered three and practiced my waitressing skills as I made my way back to our corner holding three beers. I was at the bar longer than I thought; Lake and Mason were already sitting at the table and another guy was talking to Audrey next to the pool table. 
Sydney snuggled up next to Lake and fawned all over him. I understood her plight. Lake wasn’t just an attractive guy; he was the type to show a woman the world and then pull the rug out from under her. I’d been there enough times to know. Of course, my experience with men was limited, considering my family. One-night stands were much more common for me than relationships. My mother liked being involved in my relationships and I wasn’t about that life. She also sent me suggestions of men to date, which was royally annoying. I never dated anyone she knew of, though, just to spite her. 
Lake nodded to me as I gave the other girls their beers. “Elle. Nice to see you again.”
“You too, Lake. Mason.” It felt unnatural to be so rude to him, but he literally looked at me with such a bored expression, I was almost insulted. Fuck him, I thought. I wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of riling me up. 
He excused himself and went to the bar. I watched him and didn’t even realize I did it until Lake coughed. His attempt to hide a laugh didn’t go unnoticed. I sighed and tried to pull myself together. 

Chapter Eight


“Eleanor.” 
That got my attention. “Excuse me?”
“Audrey told us your real name,” he said, glancing in her direction at the pool table. 
I followed his gaze to glare at my new friend. She mouthed I’m sorry and made a face then turned her attention to the third guy, who barely looked my way. 
“Oh, Lake! We have to go dance,” Sydney gushed, half dragging Lake to the dance floor. I watched, more than amused as I sat at the small table, across from Mason. Serves him right for laughing at me. 
“Lake could get the queen of England to hit on him,” he said, reaching for my beer on the table, since he’d already downed his. 
I pulled it back, just out of his reach. “Maybe that’s because he has charisma. And manners.”
Not even a hint of a smile broke his lips. Lord, he was intense. Instead, he got up to grab a cue and he and the third guy started playing pool. Letting them do their thing, Audrey took Mason’s seat at the table. 
“He’s cute, right?” she asked, and I realized I had no idea if she meant Mason or the other one. The other was cute, too, but there was something that drew me to Mason. “That’s Storm, by the way. He’s so sweet.”
Ah, so she was referring to her own lover-boy. “Yeah, he seems nice.” But honestly, what the hell did I know?
“We’re going out again this week.”
Audrey was a sweetheart, so young. Even though I was only a couple of years older than her, it felt like a decade. I’d been through enough in my life that I didn’t believe in fairy tales anymore. There weren’t knights in shining armor to save a damsel in distress; instead, a woman had to save her damn self. 
“That sounds fun,” I commented. 
She leaned in and lowered her voice. “I think we should invite them all back to the house.”
“Are you crazy?”
“Oh, come on, mom! Live a little. When was the last time you let down those walls you’ve built around yourself?” She stared at me over the top of her plastic cup as she drank her beer. 
No one was supposed to be able to tell the difference or notice I had walls up. Her intuition was scary. It made me worry what else she could pick up on, like my true identity. I didn’t want to go down that road, though. Unless they mentioned it, I wouldn’t worry about it. 
“I’m happy with the way I am,” I explained, uncertain if it was true. 
She opened her mouth to say more but Lake and Sydney reappeared. Lake looked mortified and Sydney had a mixed drink in her hand. I closed my eyes, praying I wouldn’t have to play babysitter. I just wanted to enjoy myself. 
“Anyone up for darts?” Lake asked, clearly trying to put some space between himself and Sydney. I felt bad for them both, but for different reasons; I still couldn’t stop the smile on my lips. The whole situation was just comical. 
Audrey must’ve noticed Lake’s discomfort, though. “Yeah, let’s all play,” she suggested, linking her arm through Sydney’s and pulling on my hand to follow. I went along, mostly just to see what would happen next. The three of us walked over to an empty dart board and Sydney sat on a nearby stool. 
“Syd, you’ve got to get it together,” Audrey hissed at her. 
Sydney looked up; her eyes glazed. “I’m fine.”
I glanced at Audrey, who stared back at me for a minute before she motioned for Lake to come over. He whispered in her ear for a solid thirty seconds before they broke apart and she spoke loud enough for all of us to hear. 
“Can you walk Sydney home, please?” she asked her brother. 
“What? No! I want to play darts,” Sydney said, trying to stand. Her ankle twisted in her heels and she almost went down. She would have if Lake hadn’t caught her. 
“Come on, Sydney. I’ll take you home and get you tucked into bed,” he said in a lowered, suggestive voice. 
I was a little nervous about sending our friend on her way with someone I didn’t know, but as I was about to object, Audrey put her hand on my arm. “It’s just a ploy,” she explained in a low whisper. “He just wants to get her out of here. She was doing shots at the bar, apparently.” 
With that, he led Sydney outside. She was gone, apparently, but also a lightweight. 
“We still playing darts?” Mason asked as he approached us. 
I wished he had stayed at the pool table. 
Audrey smiled brightly. “We sure are. But its guys against girls!”
“Excellent. It’ll be an easy win,” Storm boasted. 
Mason nodded in agreement and I couldn’t help but lean toward him. “Don’t count your chickens before they hatch.”
DAY 10
MY SWEET, BEAUTIFUL ELLE – 
THAT NIGHT AT THE BAR WAS A GUT CHECK FOR ME. I FELT SO INADEQUATE. AND YOU GAVE ME THE COLD SHOULDER, AS IF I DIDN’T EXIST. I MADE IT MY MISSION TO MAKE YOU SMILE. I FAILED MISERABLY THAT NIGHT, OF COURSE. YOU WERE DEADSET AGAINST LIKING ME. 
YOU CAUGHT MY ATTENTION, THOUGH, WITH THAT EYE ROLLING. I DON’T QUITE KNOW WHY, BUT YOU ROLLED YOUR EYES AT EVERYTHING I SAID OR DID. IT WAS AS IF EVERY PART OF ME ANNOYED YOU. I FOUND IT AMUSING AT FIRST, BUT THEN I STARTED GETTING TURNED ON BY IT – I WANTED TO MAKE YOUR EYES ROLL IN SATISFACTION. 
I DIDN’T WANT TO GET YOU DRUNK, BUT THE MORE BUZZED YOU GOT, THE MORE OPEN YOU SEEMED TO ME. YOU EVEN LAUGHED AROUND ME, WHICH WASN’T QUITE THE SAME AS ME MAKING YOU LAUGH, BUT I TOOK IT AS A GOOD SIGN. YOU GOT MORE AND MORE COMFORTABLE WITH ME, MAKING ME THINK YOU MIGHT GROW TO LIKE ME. AT LEAST ENOUGH TO LET ME GET IN YOUR PANTS. BECAUSE LET’S FACE IT, IN THE BEGINNING, THAT’S ALL I WANTED FROM YOU. 
THAT NIGHT WAS EYE-OPENING FOR ME. YOU LEFT ME WONDERING EXACTLY WHO THE HELL YOU WERE. AT TIMES, YOU CARRIED YOURSELF LIKE A QUEEN, AS IF YOU OWNED THE ROOM… BUT THEN I’D MAKE A COMMENT AND YOU WOULD LOOK LIKE I JUST KILLED YOUR CAT. I FOUND YOU SO HARD TO READ, HONESTLY. ON THE WALK BACK TO YOUR HOUSE THAT NIGHT, YOU HELD MY HAND AND THE MOMENT WE TOUCHED, SPARKS OF DESIRE FLOODED THROUGH ME. I KNEW YOU WERE DRUNK, THOUGH, AND I WOULD NEVER TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THAT, EVEN WHEN YOU TRIED TO KISS ME. INSTEAD, I HAD TO FORCE MYSELF TO TUCK YOU INTO BED AND THEN LEAVE YOUR ROOM, SHUTTING THE DOOR GENTLY BEHIND ME. I WANTED NOTHING MORE THAN TO CLIMB INTO YOUR BED AND SHOW YOU THE BEST NIGHT OF YOUR LIFE. BUT THERE WAS TOO MUCH AT STAKE. 
I HAD NO IDEA JUST A TASTE OF YOU WOULD LEAVE ME BEGGING FOR YOU AGAIN AND AGAIN. 
FOREVER YOURS, 
MASON
Chapter Nine


I woke with a start, still not entirely accustomed to my new surroundings. The bedroom smelled like my grandmother: a little musty and an overwhelmingly strong scent of what could only be called old lady perfume. It almost made me sick. 
Of course, my aversion to the smell was probably less to do with the smell itself and more to do with the flips my stomach played. Couple that with the raging headache I woke up with and I was deep into a hangover. I hated them. But it was my own fault, I knew. When someone had suggested shots last night, I immediately jumped on board and bought a round for everyone. It was exhilarating, of course, but I was about to pay a steep price. 
Knowing that only Greek yogurt with granola and an extra-large cup of coffee would save me, I threw back the covers and trudged downstairs, as quietly as I could. The living room, I noticed, was filled with men. Three very specific men, in fact. Lake lay haphazardly on the couch while Storm had folded himself into the recliner. Mason slept on the floor, sprawled out and clad only in his boxers; he used no pillow and had no blanket. I would’ve felt bad if he didn’t look perfectly comfortable. I had to force myself not to stare at the tight muscles of his back and legs. He wasn’t hugely muscled, like Storm, but he had enough definition to catch a woman’s attention. He had an adorable farmer’s tan, which I didn’t expect, but even his natural skin was shades darker than my own; he had to be of Italian or Greek descent, I guessed. 
I forced myself into the kitchen and started my coffee while I put yogurt and granola in a bowl. I heavily sugared my coffee and then added a splash of cream before I took a seat at the breakfast bar. I kept my head down and barely heard the light footsteps of Audrey down the stairs. I looked up as she walked into the kitchen, wearing only an oversized t-shirt. 
“Rough night,” she grumbled, heading straight for the coffee.
“Those Jell-O shots were a bad idea,” I told her. 
She eyed me. “They were your idea.”
“How’s Sydney?” I replied, holding in a laugh. 
Audrey rolled her eyes. “She’s hungover like the rest of us but overall she’s fine. A bit embarrassed, I think.”
“I bet.”
“She doesn’t want to get up just yet; I told her to get some rest.” She dumped more sugar into her coffee than I had and then turned to lean a hip against the counter, holding her mug close to her face to inhale the sweet scent. “We have to work tonight.”
I let my chin fall to my chest, dreading it. “Fuck. It’s going to be a long day.”
“We’ll get through it, girl. I’ve done it a million times.”
I cleared my throat. “So, umm, what are the guys doing here?”
“You don’t remember?” At the slight shake of my head, she chuckled. “Storm and Mason walked us home after several hours at the bar. When we got home, Lake was here, sound asleep on the couch and you suggested they all stay and just leave in the morning, so no one had to drive or Uber home.”
Yeah, that sounded sensible like me. “Makes sense.”
Audrey spun around just as Mason entered the kitchen, wearing his khaki shorts from last night, but no shirt. “I’ll talk to you later, Elle.” She bolted down the hallway and I could hear her footsteps ascending the stairs. Traitor. 
“You roll your eyes a lot.” 
As far as greetings went, it lacked depth. I looked at him, confused. “What?”
He shook his head. “Nothing. Thanks for letting us crash. Can I get a cup?” 
I tipped my head to the cupboard above the coffee maker. “Sugar’s on the counter.”
“I drink it black.”
Ew. “Gross. Why?”
“We don’t always have sugar or cream on the boat, so I learned to go without.”
I stared at him in confusion. 
“I’m in the Navy.”
Oh. I know that. “Oh.” I wished I had a better response, but it was all I could muster. I knew almost nothing about the armed forces, except they could hold their booze. 
“Something the matter?” he asked, moving to stand across the counter from me. He set his coffee mug on the counter and waited. 
“Umm, no, of course not.” I couldn’t seem to form a logical thought with him so close. I just needed some space, or maybe to talk about something mundane. “What do you do in the Navy?”
“I’m a submarine nuclear machinist mate.”
Right, like I knew what that meant. My confusion must’ve been apparent on my face because he laughed.
“I’m a mechanic, basically. I work in the engine room of the sub.”
“Do you like it?” I asked, genuinely interested. 
He sighed, sipping his coffee for a moment to gather his thoughts. “It’s not too bad. It’s a paycheck and it gives me something to do with my hands. And I’m responsible for making sure things work properly so we don’t drown in the ocean.”
“Sounds heavy.”
“It’s pretty cool. I’ve made a lot of good friends, including Lake and Storm. Lake and I were on the same boat back in Hawaii, and then he just started his shore duty. I’ll be on shore duty next year. Storm is due to leave our boat in the fall, but I met him when we were in A school. They’re like my brothers.”
The more I listened and learned about Mason, the more he grew on me. I had to remind myself not to get any kind of attachment to him. Sure, he was nice, but that didn’t mean I needed to jump into anything with him. Especially not a sexual relationship, even a friends-with-benefits situation. His attractiveness was distracting. Even as he and his friends left my home an hour later, I let my eyes wander over his impeccable form; his strength was only marred by his arrogance.The thought of dropping him down a peg was unnecessary, but I wanted to. Badly. Maybe I would. Someday.
Chapter Ten


Friday night at the restaurant brought a whole new set of challenges for me. By five o’clock, the patio was full; every table and every bar stool was occupied. Audrey got caught up at the bar, helping guests, so I took almost all the tables. It was quite a learning experience. I dropped my first tray of drinks before seven-thirty. I apologized to the nearby tables profusely, cleaned up the broken glass, and went behind the bar to make drinks again. 
“Hey,” Audrey called to me. I looked at her, absolutely mortified. “It happens to everyone. Don’t let it bring you down. Take a breath and start over. You’ll be fine.”
It was the only pep talk we had time for, but it worked. I let myself breathe for a minute and then dove back in. I decided against using a tray for the rest of the night; the tall glasses gave me trouble on a tray so it was easier to just make more than one trip. Since the bar wasn’t far away, I didn’t spill another drink all night. 
Near nine, I noticed Lake at the end of the bar. He blended in well with the people around him. The patio had slowed down tremendously, to the point it was almost empty, so I walked over to say hi. 
“Hey there,” I said, moving to stand next to him. 
He looked at me and smiled. “Hey girl. Busy tonight, hmm?”
“Yeah, it’s been a shitshow. But it’s better now. What are you doing here without your posse?” 
He closed his eyes and muttered a curse before he spoke. “They’re all busy with… other things,” he said with a pause. 
I wondered absently if Mason was busy with another woman. As much as I didn’t want to like him, I certainly didn’t want to think about him with someone else. Lake seemed to understand my plight, because he explained himself.
“Mason and Storm both have tests coming up that they are severely underprepared for. I’ve been warning them for weeks to study, but they’ve both been focused on drinking and women. Storm has been obsessed with my sister, which irks me but also means I can use it as a bribe to get him to do things for me. He feels guilty about dating my sister.”
“Wait, what? Storm and Audrey are dating?”
He cringed. “Fuck. You didn’t hear it from me, okay? They’ve been keeping it low-key because he’s leaving for San Diego in the fall. Neither of them really knows if they’re even going to stay together.”
Wow. “Well I won’t say a word,” I promised. 
“Appreciate that.”
“What about you? No ladies catching your eye?” 
He chuckled. “No. Been there, done that. Got divorced and will likely never do it again.” He said it so casually, but I could feel the depth of his hurt. 
“I’m sorry. You’re so young to have already been married and divorced,” I commented. 
He shrugged. “We were high school sweethearts. When I joined the Navy at eighteen, she said she wanted forever. We got married two weeks before I went to bootcamp. After I finished school, she moved in with me and we had a seemingly perfect life for two years. Then she dropped a bomb on me: she was miserable and hated the Navy life and didn’t want to do it anymore. My contract was for six years, so they owned me for a minimum of four more years and I told her I would get out then, if she could wait. But she refused. She filed for divorce that next week. End of story.”
I nodded but didn’t say anything. It was obvious he’d never gotten over his ex-wife and the situation broke my heart. Lake was a decent guy; he didn’t deserve to be tossed aside by anyone. 
“I’m a recruiter right now, just kind of enjoying life here and not really getting involved with anyone. Audrey came to live with me to get away from our strict parents, but now that she’s staying with you, I think it’s okay if I take a step back. The people around me are sort of pairing off and even if it’s difficult to be alone, I’m happy for everyone else. What about you? Brooks likes you,” he said to change the subject. 
“Brooks?”
“Mason Brooks, my roommate.” 
Oh. “He’s not my type.”
“Bullshit. Brooks is everyone’s type. He can get any girl he wants,” he added. 
I shook my head. “Maybe that’s why I’m not interested. A man who gets any girl he can doesn’t want to focus on just one. And I don’t share.”
“You had your heart broken?”
“Not at all,” I answered honestly. “I’m just focused on me. You know, you shouldn’t lead Sydney on. She likes you.”
He sighed. “Great way to change the subject. Sydney is great. But she’s not mine for the taking. She’s a lot more complex than anyone gives her credit for. She hides behind that quick-witted sarcasm and dry humor. It’s attractive as hell, but that girl has been hurt a lot, possibly even more than me.”
“I don’t want you breaking her heart,” I commented. 
“Her heart is safe, I assure you. And she knows where I stand on the relationship thing. She doesn’t know why, but I’ve told her that I won’t be that guy for her.” 
DAY 16
ELLE, WE SURFACED TODAY AND WENT TOPSIDE FOR A PICNIC. SEVERAL OF THE GUYS ARE FISHING AS I WRITE THIS LETTER. IT’S NICE TO BE OUT IN THE SUNSHINE. IT HASN’T BEEN LONG, BUT I THINK ABOUT YOU EVERY DAY. I’M GETTING A SUNBURN, I THINK, WHICH IS GOOD, BECAUSE NO ONE LIKES A PASTY SAILOR. THE SUN IS DAMN-NEAR BLISTERING MY SKIN. I GUESS I SHOULD’VE CONSIDERED SUNSCREEN BEFORE I CAME TOPSIDE. IT’S WORTH IT, EVEN THOUGH EVERYONE WILL LIKELY MAKE FUN AND CALL ME A LOBSTER. THIS GROUP OF MEN IS ACTUALLY REALLY TIGHT KNIT. I’M GLAD TO CALL THEM MY FAMILY. 
THERE’S A POD OF DOLPHINS NEARBY. SOME OF THEM CAME CLOSE ENOUGH FOR US TO PET THEM. ONE OF THE GUYS EVEN JUMPED IN THE WATER AND SWAM WITH THEM. I’M NOT SURE I’M BRAVE ENOUGH FOR THAT. IT’S A BEAUTIFUL SIGHT AND SEEING THEM MAKES ME WONDER WHAT YOU’RE UP TO. I IMAGINE YOU’RE BACK TO YOUR NORMAL LIFE. 
DO YOU MISS ME? DO YOU THINK ABOUT ME? I CAN’T HELP BUT THINK ABOUT YOU CONSTANTLY. THIS IS QUITE POSSIBLY THE WORST DEPLOYMENT OF MY LIFE.
ALL MY LOVE, 
MASON
Chapter Eleven


Just as we closed, Mason showed up. I swept the patio floor while Audrey cleaned up the bar top and there he was. Everyone had cleared out before nine-thirty, even Lake, and Audrey and I had gotten just about everything done. I walked over to him. 
Before I could speak, he started. “Will you take a walk with me?”
“I –”
He held up his hands. “Don’t answer yet. I know you’re apprehensive. And I get it. I just want to take a walk on the beach and talk. Get to know you a little bit. I’m not trying to pressure you into anything, I just want to talk.”
He was determined, so convinced we’d get along. I sighed and gave him a quick nod. “I’ve got to finish getting this place clean. Wait in your car, I’ll be done in a few.”
He left Audrey and me alone on the patio and she walked over. “You going out with him?”
“I don’t know if I’d call it going out,” I said, not entirely sure myself what we were doing. 
She nodded. “I have to tell you something.”
“Shoot.”
She hesitated. “Mason isn’t quite the playboy he pretends to be,” she said.
“What do you mean?”
She took a breath. “Look, he’s actually really nice and he likes you. Give him a chance.” 
“Okay,” I agreed, not fully believing her. There was more to the story, I was sure, but she didn’t seem inclined to tell it.  
I pondered her words but she didn’t offer anything further, so I dropped it. As we finished cleaning up in silence, I wanted to press her, to find out what Mason was hiding. The more I considered it, though, the more I dismissed it. After all, he wasn’t the only one hiding something. 
It was after ten by the time Audrey and I finished, but I made my way to the parking lot, looking for Mason. I realized I had no idea what he drove. I peered into the dark windows in the parking lot, but came up short. I sighed. I would have to hope he saw me, because I wasn’t going to knock on a bunch of car windows. I started walking toward the beach and heard a car door slam behind me. 
I turned in time to see Mason click the lock button on a virtually brand-new sports car. It was bright blue and in impeccable condition. I wasn’t even mildly impressed. I lived in a world where people had money; seeing an expensive car was my norm. I waited for him to reach me, making no attempt to walk toward him. 
“Hey,” he said as he approached. 
I lifted my brows. “Nice car.”
He glanced back at it with a shrug. “Yeah, it’s alright. It was a dare purchase,” he said, starting to walk to the beach. I fell into step beside him. 
“A dare?”
A heavy sigh escaped him. “I went through a phase where I’d do anything anyone dared me to do. It got around fast and people came up with some really crazy things for me to do. The last dare I took was to buy that car. It was the last stupid thing I did.”
“Well, at least you’ve outgrown it, I guess.”
We reached the sand and stopped to take our shoes off. I moved to carry mine and he pulled a backpack off his shoulder. I hadn’t even noticed he was carrying it, but I watched as he put our shoes in it and zipped it up, slinging in back onto his shoulder before stepping on to the cool sand. I followed him, almost all the way to the wave break. The sand felt amazing after a long day on my feet. I went further, letting my feet get wet from the ocean. I closed my eyes and inhaled the salty air, just happy to have a moment to relax. 
Everything lately seemed to be happening at a ridiculous pace, so fast I barely had time to think about it. I liked some impulsion, but mostly, I preferred to take my time and weigh my options. I felt Mason beside me, heard his even breathing and just let myself feel the moment. In seconds, my whole body relaxed and I didn’t feel the weight of my family, their money, or their expectations of me. 
“What are you thinking about?”
I opened my eyes and answered too quickly. “Expectations.”
“Yours or other peoples’”?
I glanced at him. “Mostly others. But my own, too. I think I always expect too much, especially from myself.”
“When I was twelve, my mom passed away.”
I didn’t say anything. I knew what little comfort my condolences would bring him. He seemed to appreciate the silence for a moment before he spoke again. 
“She was the sun in our lives, bringing life to everything for my dad, my baby sister, and me. And once she was gone, it was as if my dad died, too. I had this impossible expectation of myself to become a parent to Lila, and she resented me for it for a long time. She’s absolutely amazing, super smart. She’s got a wild streak, much like I had, but I like to think my help raising her gave her that edge. I’m so proud of everything she’s done, even while she strives for more. She’s attempting a double major, set to graduate next spring. 
“My dad finally recovered, though not completely, I guess. Losing the love of your life has its toll. But he plays the part better now than he did when we were kids. I hated him for a long time, wishing, if only to myself, that he would’ve died instead of her. I can see now that losing her turned me into the man I am. The crazy one. But every day, I look to her for guidance on how to proceed with my life.
“She had the amazing opportunity of knowing she was going to die. As sad as it is, she was lucky. Not only were we able to say goodbye, but she spent weeks writing letters for us. Lila and I each have a box that contains the letters and when we’re supposed to open them. The letter she left me for my eighteenth birthday suggested I take the ASVAP test, which is basically the aptitude test for the military. 
“My scores were off the charts and every branch wanted me. It took me a while to decide, but the nuclear program with the Navy seemed like the best option for me. Before I could change my mind, I signed up. It was the best decision of my life. My mom only spent twelve years with me, and she knew, better than anyone, what the best path for me would be. Or maybe I just think this is the right path because she suggested it. I don’t know.”
I squeezed his hand. At some point while he spoke, I’d grabbed his hand and held it tight. It was the only comfort I could give him. I wanted to speak, to say anything to help him. Instead, I stared up at him in silence as tears streamed down my face. As he looked at me, his eyes filled but never fell. He turned fully toward me, trailing a finger down my cheek, wiping away the wetness there. 
“Don’t cry for me, Elle.”
I swallowed hard but closed my eyes, willing myself not to cry anymore. His story was so sad, but what he’d done with his life, who he’d become – it was a beautiful story. 
His lips pressed against mine softly and my eyes flew open. He pulled back a few inches, to gauge my reaction. Surprise fled and I went on my toes to kiss him again. He pulled his head back and took the lead, pulling me fully into his arms. His hands caressed my back while his lips danced across my face: chin, cheeks, eyes, temple; everywhere but my lips. When he paused at my forehead, my whole body stilled as he pressed a tender kiss there. My eyes drifted closed and he just held me, so tight. It was comforting and relieving, for both of us.
DAY 31
DEAREST ELLE – 
I’VE BEEN GONE FOR A MONTH AND IT FEELS LIKE YEARS. I’D GIVE ALMOST ANYTHING TO HOLD YOU LIKE I DID THAT NIGHT ON THE BEACH. I’VE NEVER TOLD ANYONE ABOUT MY MOTHER’S DEATH OR HER SUGGESTION THAT I JOIN THE NAVY. WHEN IT COMES TO HER, I JUST PREFER TO KEEP THOSE MEMORIES TO MYSELF. YOU’RE THE FIRST WOMAN I’VE EVER OPENED UP TO ABOUT HER. 
IT’S LIKE BEING WITH YOU HAS MADE ME A BETTER MAN, ONE WHO WANTS TO SHARE THE HIDDEN PIECES OF MYSELF, PIECES I NEVER THOUGHT I’D LET ANYONE SEE. I LOVE BEING ABLE TO JUST TALK TO YOU. I KNEW, THAT NIGHT, THAT SEX WOULD PROBABLY COME FOR US – WE’D EVENTUALLY END UP IN BED TOGETHER, BUT THOSE MOMENTS, LIKE THE NIGHT ON THE BEACH – WHERE I BARED MY SOUL TO YOU… I KNEW THOSE MOMENTS WOULD LAST ME A LIFETIME. 
I THINK ABOUT THE BREEZE BLOWING THROUGH YOUR WILD AUBURN HAIR, CATCHING THE SUBTLE CURLS AND BLOWING THEM AROUND YOUR FACE. YOUR EYES, LIT UP BY THE LIGHT OF THE MOON AND SHINING EVER SO BRILLIANTLY, ARE AS BLUE AS THE BLUEST WATERS I’VE EVER SEEN IN MY TRAVELS. YOU MAY NEVER UNDERSTAND WHAT I SEE WHEN I STARE INTO YOUR EYES, THE HOPE I GET IN THEIR DEPTHS, THAT MAYBE, JUST MAYBE, YOU’RE THE ONE WHO CAN HEAL ME, WHO CAN MAKE MY HEART WHOLE AGAIN. 
MAYBE I’M CRAZY. BUT I’LL TAKE THIS CRAZINESS OVER THE HOPELESSNESS I’VE FELT THE PAST FEW YEARS ANYDAY. YOU MAKE ME WANT TO LIVE AGAIN. 
WITH ALL MY HEART, 
MASON

Chapter Twelve


The next morning, Audrey and Sydney woke me by jumping on my bed. I groaned and threw the covers over my head.
“C’mon, sleepyhead! We’re going to brunch!” Sydney whined. 
“Go without me,” I suggested, my voice muffled by my pillow. 
“Yeah, right,” Audrey said and pulled the covers completely off me. 
I rolled over on to my back and put my arm over my eyes. “This is illegal,” I complained. 
“You’re probably right. But we don’t care. It’s time for mimosas and pancakes!” Sydney explained. 
“Actually, I prefer Bloody Mary’s and French toast,” I heard Audrey add. 
I moved my arm enough to look at her. She was perched on the edge of my bed, her elbow rested softly on her knee, her chin on her fist. She looked patient, but I knew she wanted details about the previous night. 
“Alright, I’ll get up and get ready if you make me one promise,” I said. 
Sydney got to her knees and jumped on the bed, making the whole thing bounce. “Whatever you want!”
“No asking about Mason,” I told them.
“You’re no fun,” Syd replied. 
Audrey just looked at me. 
“You have to agree, Audrey,” I reminded her after a minute. 
“Nope, I don’t agree,” she said, getting up off the bed. “Come on Sydney, we’ll go without her.”
She made it to the doorway before I relented. “Fine!” I said, sitting up. “You two are the most annoying roommates I’ve ever had.”
“But we’re the best friends you’ve ever had!” Sydney chirped. 
Belatedly, I realized she was right. They had become my closest friends in such a short time. Apart from my true identity, I told them everything, and whether Audrey had put up a fight or not, I would end up telling them about Mason, I knew. There were girls from college I occasionally talked to, but none of them understood me like Audrey and Sydney. They truly were my best friends. 
I smiled at Sydney. “Let me get ready. I’ll be downstairs in ten.”

***** ***** *****

It was closer to fifteen minutes, but neither of them complained. We walked to what we’d decided was our spot a few blocks away and had drinks in our hands within minutes. 
“So, spill it,” Audrey commanded as she sipped her Bloody Mary. 
I took a sip of my own and let the anticipation build before I crushed it. “Nothing happened.”
Sydney scoffed. “Liar.”
“It’s actually sort of the truth. He talked for a while and then he half-kissed me.”
“Umm, I’m sorry but Mason doesn’t seem like the type to half-kiss anyone.”
I nodded. “Syd, you’re absolutely right, which is why I thought it was odd. I tried to kiss him more thoroughly, but he pulled away and then fluttered his lips over my face before kissing me soundly on the forehead. It honestly could’ve been a chaste kiss between siblings. I had been thinking I didn’t want to get involved with him at all, and then I realized last night that maybe I do want more. And then I got nothing. It was like once I stopped fighting him, he stopped pushing.”
“Well that’s shitty. You should just try to seduce him,” Sydney suggested. 
Audrey, I noticed, was unusually quiet. “I don’t think so. There was something about him last night that made me think he wouldn’t be seduced. I don’t know. Men are confusing as hell!” I took another swig of my drink and the waitress appeared. 
Conversation about Mason thankfully stopped and I turned the attention to Sydney as our server walked away with our food orders. “How were things with Lake the other night?”
She smiled slyly. “Oh, it was incredible. He’s so hot and that body, damn!”
“Sydney! That’s my brother,” Audrey muttered. 
Syd rolled her eyes. “Yeah, yeah, I know but Lake is a hot piece. He’s definitely someone I’d get naked with.” 
I laughed at the expression, even as I considered the idea of getting naked with Mason. His body would no doubt keep me entertained all night long. 
“Can we stop talking about Sydney having sex with my brother?” Audrey begged. “It’s bad enough to have to listen to my sister’s sex life; I really don’t want to hear about Lake’s, too.”
“Sister? You never mentioned you had a sister,” I replied. 
She scoffed. “Yes, I have a lot of siblings. Lake is the oldest. Then it’s me and my twin sister Allison. Then Declan, Wesley, and Cole. My mother was a whore.”
“Damn, dude. Your dad liked to get’er preggers, huh?” Sydney remarked. 
“No, mom just liked to fuck around. Lake, Ali and I are the only ones from my dad. She was a military slut, so each of my younger brothers all have different fathers, too. It’s sad, really.”
And it was. “Oh, that sucks, Audrey. I had no idea.” 
“No point wallowing in it. I have a strong relationship with all my brothers and Ali and I are very close, too. She’s in college in Charleston, South Carolina, so it’s only a seven-hour drive to visit her. And because Lake and I are here this summer, she comes to visit more often.”
“Where are your younger brothers? Do they still live at home?” Sydney asked. 
Audrey sighed, clearly tired of talking about herself, but she answered, nonetheless. “Declan is twenty. He’s the lost soul of the family. While everyone else has found their purpose, he’s just blowing in the wind. Lake has tried convincing him to join the Navy, at the very least for some stability, but he’s stubborn and would rather hang out in Tennessee with our mom. He doesn’t live with her anymore, but he struggles to keep a job, so we’ll see if that lasts. Wes will be nineteen in a couple weeks. He’s already signed up for the Navy, but he’s had some medical issues that they thought would be a concern, so he’s on hold until it’s all sorted. He should be sworn in by the end of the year. And Cole is a senior in high school. His dad has had him take the ASVAP already and he’s pushing Cole to try to be a SEAL. We’ll see. Cole has a lot of potential. He’s the smartest of all of us.” 
I nodded. The girl had five siblings. And my parents hadn’t wanted to have another after me. We were so different, yet so similar in personality. It was uncanny, actually. Our food arrived shortly after and the three of us dug into our meals. We spent the rest of the meal mostly in silence, enjoying our food and drinks. I considered what my life would have been like with five siblings. 
I doubted my parents would have ever let that happen. They barely wanted me, but my grandfather had been insistent on at least one grandchild from each of his kids. My dad and my uncles ran the family company now, but only because they’d each had a kid or two. I loved my cousins, and their passion to run the company, but it was a predetermined life. So boring. 
Instead of going to college and figuring out what I wanted to do in life, I was guided and molded into what they wanted me to be. I felt almost claustrophobic at the thought. It wasn’t that I didn’t want to someday run a piece of the Tish empire; I just wanted to feel like I had some control to make the choice. 
Chapter Thirteen


I was off from work on Sunday and had the house to myself. Lake invited Audrey and Sydney to brunch with him and Storm. I even received a text, asking if I wanted to go but I declined. I just wanted to spend some time in my house by myself. I started my morning by cleaning, something I hadn’t done much of since we all moved in. I started with the kitchen and worked my way through the entire first floor. I had music blasted through Sydney’s speaker and danced and sang along as I cleaned. 
When the music stopped abruptly, I was mid-karaoke. “Don’t quit your day job, kid.”
I spun around, surprised to find Mason leaning against the doorframe of the front door. It shouldn’t have shocked me to find him there; he seemed to know when I was and wasn’t working, without ever asking me. 
“Some people enjoy my singing,” I countered, picking up the duster I’d dropped when he scared me. I pointed it at him. “And if you don’t, you’re welcome to leave.” I started to turn away but whirled back around. “Wait, how did you shut off my music? The speaker is in the kitchen.”
He laughed. “I wondered if you’d catch that. I connected to the Bluetooth and your phone disconnected.”
“That’s a rotten thing to do.” I narrowed my eyes at him, an attempt to be menacing. 
He stepped toward me. “Even when you’re trying to be stern, I still find you incredibly sexy.”
“That’s not what I was aiming for,” I said, hastily stepping back. He continued his pursuit. 
His head tilted. “Are you afraid of me?”
I lied. “No.”
The truth was so much more complicated, though. I wasn’t physically afraid of him. But he had some kind of power over me, which caused all reason to flee. I couldn’t trust myself when he was around. Which meant I was safer if he wasn’t around. 
“You’re a terrible liar,” he commented. Yet again, he knew me. 
I drew a deep breath. “You’re intimidating, sure. But I don’t fear you.” 
“Ah. So you’re afraid of how I make you feel.”
Why was he so intuitive? How could he possibly know the very sight of him made my pulse race? I mentally shook myself. I’m the daughter of Jake Tish! I will not cower in the presence of any man. Even as I thought the words, I knew he would destroy me. 
He stopped stalking me. “Have breakfast with me.” 
“Is that a question?”
He shrugged. “It’s whatever you want it to be. But I’m not taking no for an answer.”
“And if I say no?”
“You’re not going to say no.”
He was so sure of himself, so confident. “And why’s that?”
“Because you’re curious, too.”
“Are you saying you’re curious?”
In a flash, he stood in front of me. He wrapped his fingers around my wrist and went still for a moment. “That makes me curious.” He brought my wrist up to his lips and pressed a kiss to the vein. My heart skipped a beat. “That’s got me curious, too. Is it me making your heart beat faster, or is it the idea of me? I’d sure like to find out.”
I yanked my arm away from him. “No one is finding out anything. My pulse is up because I was dancing around the house.” 
“You should cut that out. Lying doesn’t suit you.” He leaned down, his face a mere inch from mine. “Plus, you’re really, really bad at it.” With that, he kissed my nose. “Go get dressed.”
I wasn’t sure I could speak coherently, so I remained silent. I did as he instructed, though. I made my way upstairs, wondering what the hell I was going to do about Mason Brooks. 
DAY 50
ELLE- I’M STRUGGLING TO KNOW WHY YOU HAVEN’T WRITTEN ME, AND EVEN LAKE HAS SUGGESTED I STOP WRITING YOU IN HIS LETTERS. IT’S BEEN ALMOST TWO MONTHS. EVERY DAY, THOUGHTS OF YOU CONSUME ME. I WALK AROUND THIS BOAT, KNOWING IN MY HEART THAT YOU’RE IT FOR ME. I THINK I FELL IN LOVE WITH YOU THAT DAY WE WENT FOR BREAKFAST. 
YOU WERE SO CUTE, SO ADAMANT THAT YOU WEREN’T CURIOUS ABOUT ME. BUT I KNEW YOU WERE AT LEAST INTERESTED. I TOLD MYSELF I COULD CONVINCE YOU TO TRY ME, TO GIVE ME A CHANCE. 
BUT I KNEW YOU’D RESIST. YOU BUILT WALLS AROUND THAT AMAZING HEART OF YOURS, KEEPING IT HIDDEN FROM THE WORLD. BUT YOU’RE SO GOOD, SO STUNNING. YOU SHOULDN’T HIDE. 
I THINK SOME PART OF ME KNEW, EVEN THEN, THAT YOU WERE HIDING SOMETHING MORE. YOU KEPT YOURSELF AT BAY AND AS MUCH AS IT IRKED ME, I WANTED YOU TO TRUST ME ENOUGH TO TELL ME YOURSELF. YOU NEVER OWED ME ANYTHING. I JUST HOPED YOU’D FEEL COMFORTABLE ENOUGH TO TELL ME THE WHOLE TRUTH. 

I DIDN’T EXPECT THE TRUTH TO RIP MY HEART OUT. 
YOURS, 
MASON
Chapter Fourteen


That night, Sydney and Audrey grilled me. 
“Lake said we had to come to brunch because Mason wanted some time with you. What happened?” Sydney announced with a pout. 
“Why are you upset? I thought you liked Lake,” I asked her, thoroughly confused. 
Audrey laughed. “He made it clear today that nothing was going to happen between them, and she’s been in a shitty mood since then.”
“He’s an asshole,” Syd muttered. 
“So he was honest with you about how he doesn’t want a relationship?”
She nodded. “He told me he just doesn’t have the time or energy for a woman right now.”
“He’s an asshole because he was honest?” Audrey interjected. 
“No, he’s an asshole because…” she paused, looking for the right words. She was backed into a corner and there wasn’t much excuse for her to be upset. “He’s an asshole because he doesn’t want me!”
Ah, there it was. “Listen, Syd. Lake’s not saying he doesn’t want you. I think the reality is, he doesn’t want to hurt you, which is a completely different thing altogether. Like everyone, he has a past, and it seems he hasn’t dealt with it. And until he does, he’s not going to be any good for anybody. It has nothing to do with you.”
Audrey stared at me. “How do you know so much about my brother?” 
“He was at the bar the other night. We talked. No big deal.”
She dropped it, but I had a feeling it wasn’t over. “What happened with Mason?”
Of course the subject turned back to me. “He took me to breakfast. It was casual. We talked and ate; nothing happened.”
I couldn’t help but notice the edge of irritation in my own voice. Had I wanted something to happen? I didn’t know anymore. He was far more complex than I imagined, to the point that I could see myself having a summer fling with him. No strings, though. Sexually, I was sure we’d both be perfectly satisfied, but outside of that, I didn’t want more. I’d have to see about talking to him about it. 
“God, he moves at the pace of a snail,” Sydney complained, echoing my thoughts. “Hell, even Lake and I made out for an hour before he dumped me.”
“He didn’t dump you, Syd. And what do you mean you made out for an hour?” Audrey asked, incredulous. 
Sydney grinned. “I wasn’t quite as drunk as I seemed when we were at the bar. I acted that way specifically to give the impression I was drunk so Lake would take me home. I fessed up when we got back to the house, but I still had a buzz and we made out. And wait a minute – I thought you didn’t want to hear details about your brothers love life?”
“I didn’t – I don’t! I just hadn’t realized anything happened,” she said, avoiding Sydney’s gaze. 
“You’re just more interested in hooking Elle up with Mason, when really, you’re the only one with something to hide.”
“Sydney!”
She rolled her eyes. “Oh, just fucking tell her already.”
“Tell me what?” I asked, feeling more confused. 
Audrey took a full minute before she answered. “Storm asked me to go to San Diego with him in the fall.”
Whoa. “How long have you two been dating?”
“We started dating a couple weeks before I moved in here. That’s part of the reason Lake basically pushed me out of the house and didn’t put up a fight when I moved in here. He thought by separating us, he’d keep us from doing something we’ll regret. But honestly, I love Storm. And I know he loves me. I want to go to San Diego with him.”
Holy fuck. “But how can you know you love someone in such a short time?”
“Love isn’t a measure of time. Two weeks or two years: love is love. And when you know, you can’t turn your back on it. Maybe it’s soon, but I know he’s the man I’m supposed to be with.” 
Audrey’s conviction made me question my own. I’d never been particularly open to love, which was probably why I’d remained single so long. No man wanted to settle down with a woman who refused to let any relationship progress past sex. I might have been focused through college, but plenty of women fell in love while they were in school. I couldn’t name a single man I’d fallen for over the last four years. Even in high school, I’d bloomed late and then stayed away from boys because I was afraid. 
That was the real problem. I hadn’t let anyone get close enough to be able to hurt me because the idea of actually being hurt crushed me. How could anyone destroy someone they claimed to love? It wasn’t fair, and I had no intention of finding out the truth of it myself. 
Until Mason. He made me feel things I kept locked away, things I promised myself I’d never let loose unless and until I was absolutely positive I found the one. He gave me hope yet terrified me. And admitting I had feelings for him meant I lost my power and therefore control. I wasn’t ready for that. 
Chapter Fifteen


My phone buzzed incessantly on the night table next to me the next morning. I didn’t have to look at the caller id to know who was calling me at seven in the morning. 
“Good morning, Mom,” I said into the phone. 
“Where the hell have you been?”
I blinked and rubbed my eyes, trying to wake up. “Working for a living. What’s up?”
“‘What’s up’ is that your father needs you,” she spoke sternly. 
I sat up. “What’s wrong?”
“He’s fine. But he’s having issues with one of our biggest hotels near you.”
“Mom, no. The whole point of me being here is that no one is supposed to know who I am.”
She sighed. “I know. And I told him that. But he can’t get away and none of your cousins can go, either. He promises you a Porsche.”
“I don’t give a fuck about a car,” I started. 
“Eleanor! Language,” she warned. 
“Mom, I’m absolutely not doing it. I refuse. He can cut me off if he wants. I will not risk losing the normalcy I’ve built here.”

***** ***** *****

An hour later, I was dressed and heading toward the hotel. My parents knew my weaknesses; it wasn’t some car or anything money could buy: it was loyalty. I might not want to continue building their empire, but I sure as hell wasn’t going to let it fall because of me. I wore a black pants-suit with plain white button-up blouse. I looked every bit the professional I was expected to portray. 
Luckily, the girls were still sound asleep, so I’d let my mother call me a car. I certainly couldn’t drive my Honda to the hotel; at least, that’s what my mother told me. I didn’t particularly care, but image was everything. A black limo slowed just before the house and I recognized Jay, our New York driver. My parents had been so sure I would fall in line, they’d already sent our family driver to Virginia. Convenient. 
“Miss Tish, it’s great to see you,” Jay said as he opened the back door for me.
“Just call me Elle while we’re together today, Jay. I’m trying to lay low.”
“Of course, Elle,” he said with a smirk. 
Once I was in the car, I looked around, expecting to find a file. From up front, Jay watched me in the rear-view mirror. “Mr. Tish had me put the file under your seat.”
Of course. I leaned down and found the hotel file tucked under the seat. My father believed in secrecy, which was absurd. No one would dare steal from him or try to steal the empire. He still took all precautions, though, insisting that one never knew the truth of someone’s heart. 
I poured myself half a glass of champagne and looked at Jay. “You got orange juice in here?”
“In the cooler underneath, Miss Elle.”
Mimosa in hand, I sat back and took a sip before opening the file my father sent. It was going to be a long day. 
Chapter Sixteen

I watched her get into the limo, dressed all in black and hiding behind dark sunglasses, as if that auburn hair could hide her true identity. I snapped several photos as she greeted her driver. I was too far away to hear how he addressed her, but I was certain she was Eleanor Tish, heiress to the Tish empire. I watched her drive away in the expensive limo and wondered if anyone else knew she was in Virginia Beach. It would certainly stir up a lot of people to find out she was here and not doing any company PR. I jotted in my notebook, telling myself I’d come back later to get more dirt on her. I had to be sure before I went public. 
Chapter Seventeen


By four o’clock, I was exhausted. I’d spent the entire day in meetings, trying to figure out what exactly what was going on. It seemed that a guest had complained of bed bugs after staying at the hotel for four nights. She was threatening to go public with the infestation and wanted a settlement. She and her lawyer were both assholes, demanding far more money than she could ever need or want. 
“Ms. Myers, it says here that you also stayed at another hotel prior to staying at our location,” I said, after spending the morning with our lawyers and then meeting with her in a conference room.
“Yeah, so?” she retorted with more attitude than Sydney. 
“Which establishment did you stay with – was it one of our entities?”
She rolled her eyes. “No, you guys are too expensive.”
Then why stay at ours at all? I wanted to ask. “Why did you stay at two establishments during your stay?”
She baulked. “I wanted to.”
“But surely there was some reason for staying at two different hotels during a week vacation. I mean, whenever I go on vacation, I want to stay in one place; it makes it feel more familiar, for me and my family.”
Silence. 
“Furthermore, what establishment were you staying with previous to ours?”
She looked at her lawyer. At his nod, she answered. “Best Guest.”
“Ah, yes, I see that now.” I shuffled some papers around and then laid them flat, placing my hands demurely on top of them. “I also know that you were asked to leave that establishment after two nights because one of their maids discovered you were smoking in a non-smoking room and a dog was urinating all over their brand-new carpets. Now I spoke with the general manager of Best Guest and he informed me that they do inspections after each guest has vacated their premises and focus on bed bugs or any other unwanted infestation and he said there was a suitcase left behind. He explained to me that the suitcase was also examined during their inspection and they found the suitcase itself to be infested. The room had some bedbugs, but the cause was the suitcase, and therefore your belongings, Ms. Myers.”
She tried to interrupt. “No, I –”
“Forgive me, ma’am, but I’m not done. It would seem that you knowingly brought bedbugs into our establishment, not from another hotel, but from yourself. You then stayed in our hotel, used our facilities, which are some of the best on the beach, and proceeded to rack up a bill you had no intention of paying, including movie rentals and drank all of the contents of our mini-bar.”
“I didn’t know the mini-bar wasn’t free,” she said with a sneer. 
I moved a few papers before finding the one I wanted and setting it in front of her. “This is a copy of your agreement, Ms. Myers. The highlighted portion states our policy of alcohol consumption and that those mini bottles are not free. In fact, there’s a price sheet that breaks down the price of everything extra in the room, from snacks to liquor. Are you telling me you spent four days in a hotel room and didn’t see that list?”
“I –” Her lawyer silenced her that time. 
“I know why you’re here, Ms. Myers. You thought that because the Tish name is on the line for this hotel, you could walk in, make a completely bogus claim, and walk away with what – a million dollars or so?”
“It’s not like you don’t have extra to spend,” she muttered. 
“Shut up,” her lawyer hissed. 
I smiled. “I’ll tell you what I’m going to offer you, Ms. Myers,” I said. She sat up straighter, thinking she was about to get some cash. “I’ll let you walk out of this office without having you arrested for a fraudulent claim, I’ll let you leave without paying for the complete rehab of the room we’ve had to do because you brought bugs into our establishment. I won’t even make you pay for the mini-bar charges. In return, you’re going to walk-out, in silence. You will not speak to a single guest or one of my employees; not one word. You’ll go home to your bed bugs and you won’t speak of the time you tried to sue the Tish corporation over some bullshit. You will never step foot in this or any of our hotel brands again. And if you were smart, you’d stay away from all hotels in Virginia Beach, period. You can bet your name will get around quick, and no one will let you stay with them in the area. 
“I suggest you do some real soul-searching, ma’am. Are you really trying to teach your children that if you don’t want to work for something in this world, you can just try to sue someone? Because, honestly, that’s how it comes off. And that is a very sad thing indeed. Good day.”
I closed the file and slid it toward one of our lawyers. I stood up, shook her lawyers’ hand and excused myself. People were ridiculous nowadays. I followed one of our lawyers out of the room and as soon as the door closed behind us, I heard the yells of Ms. Myers. I almost turned around to quiet her, but it seemed someone on my staff was doing just that. Her voice cut off suddenly and I didn’t hear her again.
“Thank you for your help today, Ms. Tish. Your father felt horrible about not being here today and assured me that you would help me get everything taken care of. She was threatening my job and I was afraid your father would fire me,” Alex Anderson, the general manger said in the hall. 
“Well, Mr. Hall, I’m sorry we have to be meeting like this, but your appreciation is noted. And my father is always happy to help in any way he can. He likes to keep the hotels running well and without drama. Luckily, I was in the area,” I chuckled. 
“I wondered about that. I had no idea you were in town. Are you staying elsewhere?” he looked worried, as if I hadn’t wanted to stay at his hotel. 
“I’m staying at one of our family’s homes. It’s a bit more comfy for an extended stay. I’m also trying to keep a low profile, if you know what I mean,” I said suggestively. 
He nodded. “Of course. No one will hear it from me that you’re in town still. If anything, the media will just mention that you were here. I can nudge them on the past-tense of that phrase, too.”
“I would appreciate it. I’m ready to head home, if you don’t mind. If you have any further questions or problems, you can direct them to the corporate team.”
“Of course. Thank you again, Ms. Tish. Have a great day,” he said, walking away. He left me at the elevators. I pressed the button and texted Jay to let him know I was ready. 
“There you are!”
Chapter Eighteen


I turned toward the voice just in time to see Sydney lurking behind a corner. She raced toward me and I realized I had no defense, no cover story to explain my presence on the executive floor of the hotel she worked at. 
“I knew I saw you earlier,” she said, a little breathless. “What are you doing here?”
I panicked. “I came to apply for a job.”
“Has anyone every told you that you’re a terrible liar?” she asked. 
I thought of Mason and almost smiled. Instead, I pulled her into a small conference room near the elevator and closed the door behind me. “You can’t tell anyone I was here.”
“Why? What are you doing here?”
Fuck, I thought. I have to tell her. “I’m not who you think I am.”
She raised a brow. “I know exactly who you are, Elle.”
“No, you don’t understand.”
She straightened her shoulders. “Eleanor Jordan Tish, heiress to the Tish empire and the most antisocial of the Tish family. You graduated from Yale last year and haven’t moved into an official position of power in your family yet, though they’re all pulling for you to be a CEO at some point, taking over for your father.”
At some point during her tirade, I was sure my mouth dropped open and stayed slack-jawed even after she finished talking. “How…?” I was virtually speechless.
“Oh, come on, Elle. I’m not quite as dumb as I look and act.”
I continued to stare at her, unsure how she knew so much about me when I thought I’d hidden myself so well. 
She sighed. “Look, I have to get back to work. But I promise, your secret is safe with me. I’ve known since I moved in and haven’t told anyone, not even Audrey! I figured if you weren’t telling anyone, there had to be a reason. But we can talk about this later, okay? As long as you’re okay, we can figure out the rest later.”
I nodded, still in shock. She left the room and I followed, stopping at the elevators while she continued down the long corridor. It was only a matter of time, I guessed. All it took was one errant thought of recognition and anyone would be able to profile me. Google had made me a household name, as much as I tried to hide from it. 
I stepped into the elevator wondering if anyone had seen me on my trek to the hotel. I needed to get out of there without being recognized. I couldn’t risk my identity being found out. On the main floor, I pulled out my phone to text Jay. 

J, I don’t need a ride. I’ll catch you later. 

His reply was swift but he didn’t push. I made a left and walked toward the assistant manager’s office. Thankfully, she was in her office. 
“Hi Gloria,” I said from the open door with a light tap on the solid wood. 
“Eleanor!” she screeched and got up to hug me. “It’s been so long. How’s your mother?”
Gloria was an old family friend. She didn’t particularly want to be an assistant manager at the hotel, but she stayed on as a liaison for my mother. 
I stepped into her office and closed the door behind us. “I need a favor.”
“Anything for you, Doll.”
I quickly explained I didn’t want to be seen leaving the hotel, since I was in Virginia Beach on personal business and I wasn’t supposed to be Eleanor Tish this summer. 
“So you need a change of clothes?”
Thank god. “Yes, and a hair tie, if you have one.”
“All I’ve got are my workout clothes and I probably have a pair of flip flops somewhere,” she said, pulling open the large cabinet behind her desk. 
I nodded. “Whatever you’ve got, I’ll take.”
Gloria was a sweet woman, and her clothes were entirely too big, but I rolled the waist of the sweatpants and tied the oversized tee off to the side of my waist. It looked poorly done, which was exactly what I wanted. I needed to leave the hotel like I didn’t belong there. I pulled my wild hair up into a messy bun. She had a mirror in her office and as I stared at myself, I realized I looked nothing like the exec I’d been mimicking just minutes before. It was a success. 
I hugged Gloria and promised to return her clothes later and then slipped out of the hotel. Not surprisingly, Jay still had the limo parked in front of the hotel. I walked past but we didn’t speak a word to each other. He winked at the last second and then turned his attention to the valet. I let a giggle escape my lips and then walked to the bus stop a block over. I waited impatiently and pulled out my phone. 
Of course it rang as soon as I looked at it. It was a private number, which meant it was my father. I slid the screen to the right and put it to my ear, deciding to walk home instead of waiting for the bus. I also didn’t want anyone to overhear my conversation. 
“Hi, Daddy.” Good news traveled fast, it seemed. 
“Eleanor. I hear you got rid of our little problem,” he started. It was as close to a good job as I was going to get, I knew. 
“Yes. We won’t be hearing from her again,” I promised. I knew how to make myself intimidating, and her lawyer had been smart enough to be afraid of me, even if she hadn’t. 
“I’m proud of you, girl.”
I’m sorry, what? “Huh?”
He took a deep breath. “Eleanor, I know I’ve been hard on you. And that’s partly because I have high expectations, but also because I see such passion and potential in you. Alex told me you absolutely killed it in that conference room today. And you did it the right way, non-threatening, but applying just a bit of pressure. He told me you reminded him of me, which probably isn’t the best thing, considering.”
We both laughed. “But you’re all grown up and you’ve become such an asset not only to this company, but to your family. And I’ll be honest, I wasn’t on board with this idea that you go to Virginia this summer, but now I think it’ll be good for you. Sometimes it’s hardest to see ourselves when we look through the eyes of everyone we know. Instead, take a look at yourself from the eyes of a stranger, someone who doesn’t know who your family is or where you went to school. I think this summer is exactly what you need to figure yourself out. And I know I already needed you, but I promise not to need you again. If anything, I’ll send your mother. Thank you for today.”
I had to swallow the lump in my throat. “Thank you for that, Dad. I appreciate you giving me some time.”
“Other than the meeting, I did want to check in. How is everything going? Are you working?”
“Ah, yeah. I’m serving at a restaurant on the beach,” I said, convinced he would judge me harshly. 
He grunted. “That’s a fine job. I hear waitresses can make good money at the beach. And I think everyone should have to spend a summer or two waiting tables. It gives you some perspective on people and how to deal with them. I’m glad you decided to stay away from the hotels for the summer. Other than today, of course. I really hope you find what you’re looking for.”
“Thanks, Daddy. I hope I do, too.”
“Alright, I’ve got to go explain to your uncle what you did in the meeting today so he doesn’t freak out about this wretched woman. I’ll talk to you soon, okay?”
“Of course. I love you.”
“Love you Eleanor.”
We clicked off and I had to wipe tears off my cheeks. In all my twenty-two years, I couldn’t remember a single time my father had told me he was proud of me. 
DAY 74
BEAUTIFUL ELLE – 
I GUESS I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN SOMETHING WAS UP BY THE WAY YOU EVADED ANYONE’S PRODDING ABOUT YOUR FAMILY. YOU NEVER SPOKE OF YOUR PARENTS, OR ANYONE CLOSE TO YOU. IT WAS AS IF YOU WERE AN ORPHAN WHO HAD NO FAMILY. THERE WERE SO MANY CLUES THAT YOU WEREN’T BEING HONEST. I WAS SO DAMN BLINDED BY MY FEELINGS FOR YOU, I COULDN’T SEE THE TRUTH, RIGHT IN FRONT OF MY FACE. I HATED MYSELF FOR FALLING CRAZY IN LOVE WITH YOU.
BUT EVEN ON MY WORST DAY, I’D RATHER BE IN LOVE WITH YOU FROM AFAR THAN TO HAVE MISSED THE OPPORTUNITY TO KNOW YOU. 
MASON
Chapter Nineteen


Work that week went as usual, but I didn’t really hear from Mason at all. I kept myself busy and told myself I didn’t want or need his attention. Audrey spent most of her time with Storm, either at our place or his. I was truly happy for her, if a little sad she’d be leaving at the end of the summer. Of course, I would be, too. Sydney kept to herself most of the time. She seemed withdrawn and I couldn’t figure out why. I guessed she was lonely.
I sighed. I was so much better off alone. 
“Elle?” I heard from downstairs on Sunday. It had been a week since I’d heard from Mason and hearing his voice made my pulse race. It took everything I had to keep the excitement out of my voice when I answered him. 
“I’m up here,” I called. “Come on up.”
I heard the thud of his feet against the stairs and tried not to fidget with my hair. 
“Hey girl,” he said from the doorway. 
I looked up at him with a smile and purposely rolled my eyes. “Okay, Gosling.”
He stepped into my room and sat on the edge of the bed. “A guy can try. Do you have plans today?”
“Yeah, I’ve got a hot date,” I told him. 
He shook his head. “Better not.”
“What are you going to do about it?”
I watched the emotions play openly across his face. He was an open book, and that terrified and intrigued me. He seemed to think seriously about my question before he jumped up on the bed, and grabbed my phone out of my hand, tossing it softly on the carpeted floor. He secured my wrists on either side of my head with one hand and proceeded to tickle me with the other. 
I squirmed as much as I could, trying to hold in my laughter while I attempted to buck him off, but to no avail. Finally, I had to give in. 
“Okay! You win!”
He stopped and his blue eyes met mine and turned serious. “I always win.”
I stuck my tongue out at him and his eyes flicked to the movement. My breath caught. The world stilled; the only movement was our hearts beating wildly. He leaned down to kiss me. Our lips met with a softness I never knew existed. 
I’d been kissed before, but never so passionately. Mason took his time, weighing each moment, devouring me. His lips were firm and determined. He nuzzled my cheek before he brought his mouth fully on mine. His tongue traced the outer edges of my lips and I opened my mouth to him. He slipped his tongue inside, claiming me. 
He deepened the kiss, tipping my head back against the soft quilt beneath us. His hands cupped my cheeks as he kissed me. My pulse raced on and I found it difficult to catch hold of a thought. His touch sent shivers down my spine; he took me to the very edge of insanity before bringing me back. 
When he pulled away, I moaned in frustration. 
“Hey,” he breathed, his eyes meeting mine with riotous intensity. 
I bit my lip. “Hi.”
“I can’t believe how long I’ve wanted to be able to do that whenever I want.”
“Me too.”
He raised a brow. “I don’t know, you’ve put up a pretty good fight.”
“Yeah, well, it wasn’t effortless.”
“Good. I like keeping you on your toes.” 
With that, he got up off the bed and pulled me to stand up with him. “Come on.”
I followed him downstairs and he insisted we watch a movie. 
We made-out through most of it, but as the credits rolled, we talked. 
“You’ve been quiet this week,” I commented, not really sure how to bring it up without sounding needy or disappointed. 
He sighed. “I know. I’m sorry. It’s been a hectic week on the boat and we’re all a bit amped up about deployment.”
“Deployment?” I vaguely remembered him mentioning it, but it had seemed so far away.
He cleared his throat. “Uhh, yeah. We’re leaving September thirtieth. We’ll be gone for about six months.”
Oh. “That’s a long time.”
“I’ll write you,” he promised. 
It was my turn to feel the heat. “Mason,” I started. “I have to go back to New York at the end of the summer.”
“Why?”
I wanted to tell him the whole truth but settled for a mini version of it. “It’s complicated. I have responsibilities to my family.”
“You’re telling the truth.”
“You seem surprised.”
He nodded. “I thought you were going to lie.”
“I mean, you’ve already told me I’m no good at it. Why bother? Plus, you deserve an honest answer. And that’s as honest as I can be.” I didn’t mention what family I belonged to or that the number in our bank accounts. It wasn’t fair to him, but I couldn’t tell him the truth. He’d walk away. 
“I can respect that. I’ll be gone for six months, anyway, so it’s not like I have any rights to ask you to wait for me.”
I could tell by the way he said it, he wanted to. What was more, he wanted me to wait. For him. And even though it was completely insane, I wished I could. But my family would never approve. 
“New York is home. I have to go back.”
“I get it. Once I get back from deployment, I’ll be moving anyway. No idea where yet. Kind of hard to ask someone to follow you around the country and the world without any idea where they’ll end up next.”
I squeezed his hand. “It’s not impossible to find someone who would do that.”
“But not you,” he finished for me. He pulled his hand away and stood. “I’ve got to go.”
“Mason,” I called after him, but I truly didn’t know what to say. 
He turned toward me with a sad smile and then told me he would call me later in the week and kissed me soundly before he walked away.
DAY 98
E – 
I WAS THINKING TODAY ABOUT HOW HARD IT WAS FOR ME TO WALK AWAY FROM YOU THAT DAY WE TALKED ABOUT MY DEPLOYMENT. I WANTED TO ASK YOU TO WAIT FOR ME. I WANTED YOU TO TELL ME YOU’D WAIT FOREVER FOR ME. BUT THAT WASN’T HOW OUR STORY WAS SET TO PLAY OUT, I GUESS. 
THAT DAY WE WATCHED A MOVIE ON THE COUCH – IT’S EMBEDDED IN MY MIND, PLAYING ON REPLAY. HOW TIGHTLY YOU HELD MY HAND AND TRACED CIRCLES ACROSS MY SKIN WHENEVER WE WEREN’T KISSING. IT WAS NICE TO PRETEND, EVEN FOR JUST A FEW MOMENTS, THAT WE HAD FOREVER TO FALL IN LOVE AND GROW OLD TOGETHER. 
HELL, I DON’T EVEN KNOW IF YOU’RE GETTING THESE LETTERS. BUT YOU HAVE TO KNOW, EVERY PIECE OF MY SHATTERED HEART BELONGS TO YOU. NO MATTER WHAT I DO, I CAN’T GET YOU OUT OF MY HEAD, ELLE. YOU’RE A PART OF ME NOW. 
I HAVE TO TELL YOU, THAT’S A TRULY TERRIFYING THOUGHT. I’LL NEVER BE ABLE TO GO TO THE BEACH WITHOUT THINKING ABOUT WHAT YOUR LIPS TASTE LIKE. I’LL NEVER BE ABLE TO DRIVE BY YOUR HOUSE WITHOUT REMEMBERING THE KISSES WE SHARED ON THAT COUCH FOR HOURS. EVERY PART OF ME HAS SOME MEMORY OF YOU. AND IT HURTS. I MISS YOU. 
LOVE,
M

Chapter Twenty


Life wasn’t fair. It was supposed to be a sun-filled summer, just three months of me finding myself and having fun. But he ruined all of that with a single kiss. I told myself it didn’t mean anything, but as the weeks passed, I knew I was in trouble. 
Mason never once pushed or came on strong; that was his charm. He simply let our relationship develop naturally and I found myself falling for him in no time. There was no a-ha! moment; my love for him just seemed to be there after a while. And I didn’t fight it. I didn’t exactly admit it, either. I was okay knowing I was in love with Mason Brooks, but I refused to tell him.
Loving him made it so much harder to resist him. Sexually, he was everything I could’ve ever wanted. His body was every woman’s dream. Coupled with those smoky blue eyes, I found myself wanting to take the plunge with him. It was a hot night in the middle of August when I finally gave in to him. 
We’d officially been dating just a few weeks and he insisted on taking me out every Thursday night, since that was one of my set days off. We’d been to a couple seafood places but every date ended the same: he kissed me senseless and then left me at home, alone. I didn’t want to go sleep in a bed by myself anymore. 
I made sure the house would be empty; Audrey was sleeping in Storm’s bed and Sydney had to work until midnight. We had our date and when he went to give me a goodnight kiss, I pulled him into the foyer instead, closing the door. 
“How long are you planning to make me wait?” I asked. 
He gave me a knowing smile. “I don’t want to rush you.”
“Oh okay, so instead, you want me to rush you?” I asked, going up on tiptoe to kiss him. 
He didn’t seem to mind, in fact he wrapped his arms around me and deepened the kiss, his tongue dipping into my mouth. I groaned in satisfaction, more than ready to be taken by him. I tightened my hands on his shoulders and he took absolute control. He pulled away for a second to lift me, cradling me in his arms against his chest. I kept my arms around his neck and placed kisses along his jaw. 
“Where are your roommates?” he asked, his breathing labored. 
“They’re both gone for the night,” I explained. 
“Thank god,” he muttered and lifted me up into his arms and took the stairs two at a time, carrying me into my bedroom. He tossed me onto the bed unceremoniously. “I hope you’re ready for this.”
I was more than ready. I could already feel how wet just a kiss from him had gotten me, and I knew it was only going to get better. Mason still didn’t rush, even though I was on my bed, wearing a thin black dress that accentuated my curves. I’d forgone nylons and my panties were lacy and bright red. 
He stood beside my bed for a moment longer, just looking at me, as if he wanted to remember the moment. I didn’t blame him. I knew I’d be holding on to this moment forever. He seemed to have his fill and then pulled off the pale blue polo he’d been wearing. His expansive chest was muscular but not overly so. His skin had a golden hue, as if he spent copious amounts of time in the sun. His farmers tan lines were gone. 
He kneeled on the edge of the bed and put his hand on my knee to spread my legs. They fell open to him instantly and I knew I was going to be lost to anything but him. He leaned over me; his pelvis lined up with mine as he placed kisses up my collarbone to my jaw. He made his way to my ear and sucked at the lobe, inciting shivers across my entire body. 
He held the bulk of his weight on his arms and pulled back just a bit to look at me. “You’re so beautiful,” he commented while he tucked a stray piece of hair behind my ear. “I’ve never been so completely infatuated with someone.”
I grinned. “You’re not the only one who feels that way.” I rose up on my elbows to kiss him. I didn’t let inhibitions rule; I took control. With a push to his shoulder, he let me roll him over and then I was on top, my legs straddling his hips. I ground myself against him while we kissed and he groaned deep in his throat. 
“You’re going to kill me,” he muttered. 
“Oh, I think you’ll survive,” I countered. “Besides, this makes up for the torture you’ve put me through the last few weeks.” I leaned down to kiss his jaw, same as he’d done to me, but I didn’t stop there. I placed kissed over his chest and moved lower, my mouth salivating at where I knew I’d go next. I slowly unbuttoned his shorts, taking my time as I slid the zipper down. 
His boxer briefs were pulled tight, he was so hard for me. I traced a finger over his outline, imagining how gorgeous he was. He shivered and moaned, music to my ears. I pulled him out of his underwear, reveling in his size. I gently slid my hand up and down his shaft then wasted no more time. I licked my lips and took him deep in my mouth. 
He all but came off the bed. “Elle!”
Hearing my name on his lips only made me want to please him further. I pushed myself to take him as deep as I could. I’d never had much of a gag reflex and he seemed to appreciate that. His fingers gripped the sheets on either side of my head but I wanted him pulling my hair, instead. I grabbed his hands and put them on my head, encouraging him. I went back to bobbing my head on him and he seemed to understand what I wanted. He fisted his hands in my hair and lifted my head, to the point he almost slipped out of my mouth. I looked up at him and waited, knowing he was in control. He waited a full ten seconds before he tugged my head back down and I took him fully into my mouth. 
He couldn’t stand the torture for long. He lifted my head up and off him. “I can’t take anymore,” he said, barely audible. 
I smirked but crawled up to straddle him again. I bit my lip and lifted the hem of my dress up and over my head. My bra matched my panties and I knew he enjoyed the view, his dicked throbbed against my panties. He reached up to tug one of my breasts out of the bra while I reached behind me to undo the clasp. He pulled it off me and sat up, his hands caressing my back while his lips played with first one nipple and then the other. 
“Beautiful,” he said again, looking up at me. One of his hands dipped between my legs, stroking my fire through my panties. 
He moved the flimsy material aside and wasted no time putting a finger inside me, just as his teeth closed around one nipple. I moaned and bucked against him, enjoying his sweet torment. He withdrew his finger for just a second to add another and my muscles squeezed his fingers. His thumb rubbed my clit while he pumped in and out of me, harder and deeper with each thrust. 
I wanted to him to stop so I could ride him, but he would not be deterred. He went faster and faster, pushing me closer and closer to orgasm. My whole body started to shake the closer I got, and I imagined he wouldn’t stop even after I came. Just before I reached the breaking point, he pulled his fingers away and I growled in frustration, only to be rewarded with the tip of his cock meeting my flesh instantaneously. He thrust his hips up and entered me, his dick stretching my tight pussy even as he lay flat on his back and pulled my face to his. He kissed me thoroughly and continued his pumps. 
I was barely able to move, but each of his thrust moved me closer and closer to orgasm. In seconds, I was on the edge again, teetering. With one final thrust, he pushed me over that edge and I screamed into his mouth as my orgasm caused me to see stars. I closed my eyes and shook, relishing the sensations that continued to rack my body, even as he came. 
I collapsed on top of him and he held me close, pressing light kisses over my forehead. 
DAY 125
E – 
I THINK ABOUT THE FIRST TIME WE MADE LOVE A LOT. I KNEW, EVEN THEN, THAT YOU WERE MY GIRL, AND NO ONE WOULD EVER HAVE MY HEART LIKE YOU DID. I KNOW I DIDN’T TELL YOU THEN, BUT I LOVED YOU WITH EVERY FIBER OF MY BEING. I MADE LOVE TO THE WOMAN OF MY DREAMS THAT DAY. I COMMITTED TO MEMORY EVERY BREATH HITCH, EVERY GASP, EVERY MOAN THAT ESCAPED YOUR SWEET MOUTH. 
I FALL ASLEEP EVERY NIGHT ON THIS BOAT WISHING I COULD EXPERIENCE IT AGAIN. WISHING I COULD DRIVE YOU UP TO THAT SWEET RELEASE AND THEN CATCH YOU AS YOU FALL, THE LOOK OF PURE RAPTURE ON YOUR FACE ENOUGH TO DRIVE MY OWN RELEASE. 
THOSE BLUE EYES BORING INTO MINE AS WE MAKE LOVE AGAIN AND AGAIN. FUCK, I DON’T EVEN KNOW IF I’LL SEE YOU AGAIN. THIS BOAT GETS SMALLER EVERY DAY I DON’T GET A LETTER FROM YOU. MY WHOLE WORLD IS WRECKED WITHOUT YOU. 
-M
 
Twenty-One


The next morning wasn’t filled with regret like I thought it might be. I woke up in Mason’s arms but desperately had to pee. I slipped away from him and he rolled over, a soft snore escaping him. I smiled at his naked body in my room and then went to the bathroom. He still wasn’t awake when I finished, so I snuck out of the bedroom, closing the door softly behind me. No need to show off his body to my roommates. 
Sydney sat at the breakfast counter drinking coffee. “Good morning,” I greeted her as I waited for my coffee. 
“I see Mason stayed over last night,” she whispered. 
“Yeah, he did. It was nice.”
“I thought you weren’t going to get too involved,” she mentioned. 
I sighed. “I didn’t plan it. Hell, I really didn’t think we’d ever get to this point.”
“When are you going to tell him?”
“Tell him what?” I asked. 
She rolled her eyes. “Don’t play dumb, Elle. It doesn’t look good on you. It’s not like you’re going to be able to keep up this façade with him come September.”
“You’re right. But he’s going on deployment in September, so I won’t have to tell him anything. He’ll be gone and I’ll be back in New York. And this will just be some fun we had one summer.” Not that I believed that at all. I would be heartbroken come September when he left. 
“You’re lying to yourself if you think he’s just going to let you walk away,” she commented. 
“He won’t have a choice,” I replied, sure he would walk away without a second glance. 
“Mhmm,” was all she said. 
“I have to work tonight,” I remembered aloud. “I’m going to go get him up so I can get some things done before I go in. If you need me, I’ll be in my room.” 
I took my coffee upstairs and found Mason wide awake in my bed, arms folded behind his head. 
“Good morning,” I greeted him. 
“Hmm, it could’ve been a better morning if I didn’t wake up alone,” he grumbled. 
I sat down on the edge of the bed. “I needed coffee.”
“I have to work soon,” he said, checking his watch. It was barely seven o’clock, but I knew his days started early. “Can I see you tonight?”
I wanted to, but I knew after last night, I needed some distance. “I’m working tonight, and it’ll be late. I’ve also got to start getting things ready for my trip back home,” I said. I only had three more weeks in Virginia, and I needed to talk to my parents to figure out what I was going to do. 
“Home?” he asked, sitting up. “You don’t want to stay here?”
“Umm, this isn’t home for me. I have to get back to New York and decide what I’m doing with my life.”
He nodded. “I get it.”
I could tell he was disappointed, but he said nothing as he got dressed. I watched him silently, trying to figure out how to make things better. We had a wonderful night, and as much as I loved him, I would have to let him go, even if it killed me. 
I walked with him downstairs and kissed him just before he left. “I’ll call you,” he promised and then he was gone. 
I made it to my room before I lay on my bed and bawled like a baby. 

***** ***** *****

Hours later, I was ready to go to work and hadn’t heard from Audrey all day. I imagined she would meet me at work and sure enough, when I got there, she was already behind the bar on the patio. 
“Hey girl, sorry I didn’t make it home. Blake called me first thing this morning and asked me to open the bar and work a double. I guess Angie has a stomach flu,” she said. The patio was nearly empty, so I went behind the bar to talk to her. 
“Mason slept over last night,” I told her. 
She smiled. “Oh, Sydney texted me at five this morning to tell me that. How was it?”
“Amazing. But I’m leaving soon. And it’s just… I don’t know what to do.”
She nodded. “You’re in love with him.”
I stepped back. “No, I’m not,” I argued. 
“There’s no reason to hide it from me, Elle. You’re too transparent, anyway. It’s fine – these things happen. It’s okay to fall in love.”
“No, you don’t understand, Audrey. I can’t be in love with him. I’m leaving soon and if he knew the truth about me, he wouldn’t even like me anymore, let alone love me.”
She tipped her head to the side. “The truth? You mean like how your real name is Eleanor Tish and you’re about to take over a hotel empire in the fall?”
My eyes went wide. “Wh-what? How do you know all that?”
“You’re a terrible liar, first of all. And do you really think Lake would’ve let me move in with someone without getting some info on them first? We stalked you on social media and eventually figured out who you were. Lake didn’t like that you lied about your last name, but I understood your need for anonymity. It was fair, given that you just seemed to want a chance to be normal. I can’t imagine growing up like you did allowed you to have many normal experiences.”
She knew. Sydney knew. Lake knew. My whole life was falling apart and I had no idea what to do. I couldn’t speak; I stood there, dumbfounded. 
“I’m not telling anyone,” she added. “Neither is Lake. Or Storm. The one you should worry about is Mason. He doesn’t seem to have a clue, and that worries me, because I’m pretty sure he’s in love with you, just as much as you’re in love with him.”
“Mason’s not in love with me,” I told her. I was almost sure of it. 
“Regardless of that, he cares about you and when he finds out, he’s not going to be happy. We all may understand why you hid the truth about yourself, but Mason is going to take it hard.”
“I’m not telling him,” I informed her. 
“And you think that’s a good decision?”
I sighed, moving to wash some dishes in the bar sink. “No. But what choice do I have? I’m sort of already in this too deep and if I came clean now, he would never forgive me.”
“I like to think Mason is the kind of guy who makes his choices based on facts and not emotional reasoning, or lack thereof. I’ve known him a bit longer than you, and I see him at the apartment all the time when you aren’t around him. He’s quite a lost puppy where you’re concerned. You might want to consider telling him before he finds out somehow. Your name, and I’m sure your picture, are going to be in all the papers when you go back to New York and start doing things for your father again. He’s bound to figure it out.”
She was right, I was sure. But that didn’t make it any easier. I didn’t want to tell him and until I was ready, I refused to say a word. 
DAY 156
ELLE – 
I WAS THINKING TODAY ABOUT THE TWO VERSIONS OF YOU. 
THE GIRL I MET IN JUNE, THE ONE UNSURE ABOUT WHAT SHE WAS DOING WAITING TABLES, THE ONE WHO STRUGGLED TO CONNECT WITH THE PEOPLE AROUND HER. YOU WERE ALMOST SHY. IT’S AMAZING TO ME THAT YOU’RE ACTUALLY FROM ONE OF THE WEALTHIEST FAMILIES IN THE WORLD. 
THE GIRL WHO KNOWS NO FEAR, WHO IS A TITAN IN THE HOTEL INDUSTRY. I READ AN ARTICLE ABOUT HOW YOU TOOK DOWN A WOMAN THREATENING A LAWSUIT AGAINT YOUR FAMILY BACK WHEN YOU WERE IN VIRGINIA BEACH. IT’S ASTONISHING TO ME THAT YOU ESCAPED ALL OF US TO DO THAT. IT MAKES ME IMMENSELY PROUD OF THE KIND OF WOMAN YOU ARE. 
MAYBE THAT’S WHY YOU LOST YOURSELF – FIGURING OUT THAT ALL THE MONEY ON EARTH WON’T EVER MAKE YOU HAPPY. 
IS THAT WHY YOU CAME TO VIRGINIA BEACH? TO FIND OUT WHO YOU ARE? BECAUSE LET ME TELL YOU – YOU ARE THE MOST AMAZING PERSON I’VE EVER MET IN MY LIFE. 
ASIDE FROM BEING DROP-DEAD GORGEOUS, YOUR GENEROSITY AND COMMITMENT TO DOING GOOD ARE SO ADMIRABLE. I THINK ABOUT HOW PROUD OF YOU I AM ALL THE TIME, AND I IMAGINE YOUR PARENTS ARE, TOO.
M
Chapter Twenty-Two


The TVs at work were all on weather channel. There was a hurricane expected to hit that weekend, and everyone was trying to decide what they were doing. Hurricanes weren’t something I was familiar with, but I didn’t think it could be that bad. After all, I’d survived life in New York. 
As Audrey and I prepared to leave work that night, Blake approached us outside. “Hey girls, we’re going to go ahead and close down for the weekend for the hurricane. I’ll text you both on Tuesday and see when we’ll reopen. Have a good night.”
We finished up and then walked home. A light rain started just as we reached the house. It seemed like every light in the house was on as we approached and we shared a worried glance. 
The house was empty except for the screened in porch, where everyone was gathered. Audrey and I walked through the kitchen to find Mason, Sydney, Storm, and Lake all seated around the table. 
“Is this an intervention?” I asked. “Because I’m not stopping whatever it is you guys want me to stop.”
They all smiled but only Mason chuckled. “We were actually discussing what to do about the hurricane.”
“It’s just a stupid hurricane,” I replied. 
Sydney glared at me. “Hurricanes are more serious than they seem. We could be stranded for days without power. And if they evacuate, we are definitely in zone A, which means we gotta go.”
I had no idea what any of that meant. 
“So the question is,” Lake said from his spot at the head of the table. “Do we want to stay and risk it, or do we want to head west?”
“I vote we go west,” Storm piped up. “The governor issued a mandatory evac about an hour ago and the three of us,” he gestured toward Mason and Lake, “are able to leave. Sometimes you get stuck on the boat as the ride out team, but we’re free.”
I looked at Mason. “What do you think?” 
“It’s probably not going to be as bad as they think, but if it turns, we could be in trouble. I think we should go west, too.”
“Alright,” Sydney started. “That’s two votes for evacuating. Lake?”
“I think we’ll be fine here,” he replied. 
“Me too,” I quickly agreed with him. Mason look disappointed, but I wasn’t so sure I wanted to spend that much time with him alone in a hotel room. 
“I say we go,” Sydney said, winking at Lake. I imagined he didn’t want to be alone with her, no matter the situation. 
“I guess that makes you the decider, Audrey,” Mason said, looking at my best friend. 
She seemed to contemplate it. “I’ve been through some hurricanes, and I’d prefer to just get away for the weekend. And then when we get back, we can assess damages and whatnot.”
I closed my eyes, dreading the coming days. I knew they wouldn’t let me stay at the house alone, especially since I wasn’t all that familiar with hurricanes. When I opened my eyes, Mason and Lake both stared at me. 
Mason, it seemed, was excited to spend a few days with me. Lake, I guessed, felt my pain, since he didn’t want to be stuck with Sydney. I wasn’t even sure what I wanted anymore. 
The next morning, we loaded up in Lake’s giant SUV. I opted for the back seat thinking Mason wouldn’t want to squeeze back there, but I was wrong. He climbed all the way back, moving his legs under mine and dragging my feet over his knees. Its wasn’t uncomfortable, but I felt so exposed. Lake had been in charge of deciding where we were going and he decided to keep it a secret. All I knew, according to his phone GPS sitting in the holder on the dash, was that it would take us six hours to arrive. I had brought a pillow with me, since I planned to do some sleeping in the back, so I turned and set it behind me and curled up against the leather seat. I fell asleep to Mason absently rubbing my calves. 
Sometime later, I woke when we stopped for gas. Sydney and Audrey were out of the car before anyone, rushing toward the convenient store’s restroom. I sat up and looked at Mason. 
“You getting out?” I asked him. 
“Yeah, I was waiting for you,” he said as Storm got out of the front passenger seat. I disengaged my legs from Mason’s and moved to get out of the SUV. Lake moved to pump gas and I walked to the store by myself. Mason and Storm walked in behind me, much slower and whispering softly amongst themselves. 
As I got to the restrooms, Sydney and Audrey were already coming out. “We’re getting some junk food,” they explained, going straight to the candy aisle. 
By the time I finished, they were back at the car and the guys were in the store. I grabbed a Coke and a pack of honey roasted peanuts and made my way to the line. Mason, I noticed, purposely stayed away from me. He seemed to be contemplating something when I looked over at him; his eyes were almost glossy; he was so lost in thought. I tried to ignore it as I waited in line. 
“You’ve got him all stirred up,” Lake commented beside me. I hadn’t even heard him approach.
“Me? What do you mean?”
He narrowed his eyes at me. “You can’t tell me you don’t know.”
I swallowed the sudden lump in my throat. “Know what?”
“Hmm. You two aren’t going to make it if you keep ignoring your issues,” he said, his voice dripping with disappointment. 
“Ignoring our issues? What the hell?”
He gave me a sad smile. “You know exactly what I’m talking about, Elle. And no matter how long you hide from it, it’s there. He feels it, too. There’s also the impending doom cloud you’ve been carrying over your head the last few days.”
“Look, you don’t know as much as you think you do, Lake. Sometimes, we have to do things we might not want to do, in order to keep the people in our lives happy. It’s not always a clear choice for everyone.”
He leaned close. “Oh, you mean having a sense of duty and honor? You’re right, I don’t know anything about that. I bet Mason doesn’t either. You need to tell him sooner rather than later.” 
I wanted to reply, to tell him he was off base, but I knew the truth. He was spot on. I couldn’t keep hiding the truth from Mason. But I had no idea how to explain it to him. I wanted to just let it go; he was leaving soon, anyway. And even though I was in love with him, I would get over it, just as he would get over me, eventually. That’s how it had to be. 
DAY 180
ELLE – 
SIX LONG MONTHS. I HOPED IT WOULD BE ABOUT OVER BY NOW, BUT IT TURNS OUT, WE’VE BEEN ASSIGNED TO ACCOMPANY A CARRIER, WHICH MEANS WE HAVE ANOTHER FOUR WEEKS OR POSSIBLY MORE. I MISS YOU MORE WITH EVERY DAY THAT PASSES. 
I’VE GOTTEN LETTERS FROM SYDNEY AND AUDREY, WHO SEEM TO THINK SENDING ME ARTICLES ABOUT WHAT YOU’RE DOING WILL SOMEHOW EASE THE HEARTBREAK. IT DOESN’T. NOTHING CAN MEND MY BROKEN HEART BUT YOU. I WISH YOU’D WRITE, EVEN JUST TO SAY YOU DON’T WANT TO HEAR FROM ME. I HAVE NO IDEA HOW LONG I CAN KEEP UP THIS FAÇADE THAT YOU WANT ME AS MUCH AS I WANT YOU. I THINK NOT KNOWING MIGHT BE DRIVING ME INSANE. BUT YOU’RE WORTH LOSING MY MIND OVER. 
I LOVE YOU. 
LOVE, 
MASON
Chapter Twenty-Three


I tailed them all the way out to some rinky-dink town in western Virginia. They pulled up to a resort and all of them got out of the SUV, with Eleanor Tish exiting last. She wasn’t hidden behind big black sunglasses out in the middle of nowhere. Instead, she was on display for all to see. I snapped several photos from the drivers’ seat of my car and waited for them to park their vehicle a few minutes later. I checked in to the hotel and made my way to my room, prepared to do some high-level spying over the next few days. 
Chapter Twenty-Four


We decided on three rooms. Storm and Audrey ran off to their room, hell bent on enjoying their privacy right away. Lake pulled me aside in the lobby and begged me to room with Sydney so he wouldn’t have to. 
“It’ll give you an excuse to be away from Mason,” he whispered and as much as I didn’t want to agree, he was right. I needed some space. 
I nodded and called out to Sydney. “Let’s room together.”
She looked dejected. “Are you sure you don’t want to room with Mason?”
“Mason won’t mind if we have a girl’s room, will you Mason?” I turned toward him. 
He glanced at me and then he saw Lake’s pleading look. “Yeah, sure. Lake and I need some bro-time.”
“See? You and me, girl!” I said with more pep than I felt. 
She smiled weakly and we checked in. She was my ticket away from Mason for the weekend. I linked my arm with hers and we left the lobby of the hotel to head for our room. 
“What are you thinking?” she asked once our door closed behind us. The room was beautifully decorated and definitely on the high end. 
I turned around to face her. “What do you mean?”
“Why are you hiding from Mason?”
She got me. “I’m not.”
“Why do you continue to lie when we’ve all told you how bad you are at it? What are you afraid of?”
Everything. “Nothing. I just want some space. Things are moving too fast.”
“Fast? You guys only just slept together,” she scoffed. 
“Look, this is my relationship, not anyone else’s. That means I decide. I need you, and everyone else, for that matter, to respect that.”
She held up her hands. “Fine, you win. But you probably ought to tell Mason that because I’m betting, he thinks he did something wrong.”
She had me there. And that was my whole dilemma. Mason Brooks complicated my life, but he hadn’t done anything to deserve the way I treated him. Except for making me fall in love with him. And that was hardly his fault. I had let him get under my skin. 
Sydney dropped her bag on one of the beds and turned to me. “Want to go to the pool?”
I didn’t want to. Not at all. But since I had been nominated for babysitter duty, I supposed the responsibility belonged to me. 
“Sure.”
We changed into our suits and headed for the pool. We sat in silence for a while, soaking up the sun until Audrey joined us. 
“Hey,” she greeted us. She looked adorable in her bright pink two piece with white polka dots. The colors looked good on her. 
“Hey Audrey,” I replied, dropping my sunglasses on the bridge of my nose to make eye contact with her. 
She sat on the other side of me, putting me between the two of them. She adjusted the back of her chair and then leaned back to get some sun. 
“How’s Storm?” Sydney asked. 
She let out a breathy sigh. “He’s amazing.”
“That’s great,” I agreed. “You two seem to really be clicking.”
“Oh, it’s more than that, Elle. We are perfect for each other, in every possible way. You know, just like you and Mason.”
Umm, what? “What are you talking about?”
“Oh c’mon! You and Mason stare at each other like you’re two puppies in love. Its adorable and sickening.”
I sucked in a breath. “No.” I couldn’t listen to it anymore. I got up off the chair and stood before them. “You guys need to understand. There is no me and Mason. He’s just a fling. A summer fling. Nothing more can ever come from this.”
I was proud of the way my voice never wavered, even though I shook inside. I didn’t get to hear their replies, however, as Mason came around the corner and ran up to me, pulling me into his arms. Then he jumped into the pool. 
The splash made continuous waves in the pool as I swam for the top and took a deep breath when I broke the surface of the water. I splashed him, an attempt to hide my laughter. 
“You’re rotten!” I shrieked, as his head popped up in the water a few feet from me. “I’m going to get you for that.”
I swam toward him and his gaze caught just above and behind me. I followed his gaze and found Storm and Lake sneaking up on my friends. They shouted something and then caught each of them, tossing them into the pool triumphantly. They stood at the edge, showing off their muscles until Storm got bored and tried to push Lake in. 
They struggled for a minute before Lake got the better grip and managed to send Storm into the water. He belly-flopped and Lake put both fists in the air. “I am the champion!”
The afternoon was spent doubled over in laughter as we all played like little kids in the pool. Someone even suggested a game of chicken. I climbed on Mason’s shoulders gladly and took out Audrey and Storm in an instant. Sydney and Lake gave us more trouble. They dunked us several times before they eventually knocked us over. We were good-sports but demanded a rematch. 
On and on we continued until we couldn’t stay in the water anymore. Our fingers pruned and my hair was a wreck. The sun set was pretty over the mountains and our bellies rumbled. 
“There’s a steakhouse across the street,” Lake pointed out. “Everyone grab a shower and then we’ll meet in the lobby?”
We agreed. Back in our room, Sydney hugged me. 
“What’s this?”
She pulled away to look at me. “I’m sorry. I guess I’m just jealous. Audrey has Storm and you have Mason and it’s so obvious that he cares deeply about you. And I’m all alone. I just don’t want to see you ruin something because you’re afraid to let him in.”
“I’m not letting him go just yet, Syd. Mason and I still have some talking to do. And whatever happens, it’ll be mutual, I promise. I’m not going to break his heart,” I promised, not entirely sure I could keep that promise. 
Chapter Twenty-Five


Our steaks were all cooked to perfection, but what mattered more was spending such quality time with my friends; it brought me such a sense of home. Never in my life had I been a part of such a tightknit group of friends. These people were like family. I had no idea what would’ve happened if I hadn’t met them, but I didn’t want to find out.  
To his credit, Mason made his presence known but didn’t push me all weekend. He damn near lurked around every corner, but he gave me the space I didn’t even know I craved. On our last day at the resort, he finally cornered me. 
“Hey, you got a minute?” he asked. 
We stood in front of the lobby of the hotel, waiting for Lake to pull his SUV around for us to load up. 
I looked at him, wishing he wouldn’t but knowing he had to. “Sure.”
He took a couple steps back, to hide us around the corner from where the others stood, just inside the lobby. He took my hand. “I know you’ve been having some doubts about this, about us. And I get it. I really do. I wasn’t expecting any of this at all. But before we part ways for the summer in a few weeks, you should know something.”
I stared at him, silently begging him not to say what I knew he was going to say. It’s too soon, I silently pleaded with him. 
“I love you, Elle.”
I stared at him, stunned silent by his bold confession, even though I expected it. No matter what happened tomorrow, I knew, beyond all reason, I would always love him. 
But I couldn’t say it.
My heart crumbled. Not just because I loved him, too, but because I didn’t say it back. My family came first, even over my own happiness. Tears streamed down my cheeks as we stood there. In silence. 
Eventually, Lake drove up and we broke our intense gaze and had to face our harsh realites. I never said a word. 


***** ***** *****


Hours later, they dropped us girls off at home and I headed straight for my room. I dropped my bags on the floor, closed the door, and let my heart break into a million pieces.
DAY 200
IT’S LIKELY THAT YOU’LL GET THIS LETTER AFTER I’M ALREADY BACK ON LAND. IT’S ALSO MY LAST LETTER. I CAN’T KEEP THIS UP, BELIEVING THAT YOU’RE GOING TO SOMEHOW FALL BACK IN LOVE WITH ME. 
I THINK ABOUT THE DAY I TOLD YOU I LOVE YOU. AND YOU JUST STOOD THERE, BLINKING AT ME. 
I WATCHED THOSE TEARS FALL. I WATCHED YOU STRUGGLE. I KNEW YOU FELT SOMETHING FOR ME, MAYBE NOT LOVE, BUT SOMETHING. BUT YOU KEPT SILENT. YOU REFUSED TO TELL ME WHAT WAS IN YOUR HEART. 
YOU KILLED ME. 
YOU MADE ME SO ANGRY. 
YOU BROKE ME. 
I JUST WANTED YOU TO KNOW THAT I DO NOT WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN. I HELD ON FOR SO LONG TO THIS IDEA THAT MAYBE YOU LOVED ME, BUT I SEE NOW THAT WAS JUST A PIPEDREAM. YOU’VE PROVEN HOW MUCH YOU CARE. AND THAT’S ENOUGH. I WISH YOU WELL. 
Twenty-Six


She got back from her little rendezvous and I knew I had to act fast. I would be the one who outed her to the world. She was a spoiled rotten princess living a double life and that was unacceptable. I’d show her exactly what happened to little girls who wanted to hide from their life. And hopefully, she’d get away from the jock she was seeing and come running back to me.
Chapter Twenty-Seven


The problem with spending so much of your life alone was that even when you found someone you wanted to spend time with, your mind complicated it, telling you to be alone instead, telling you not to rely on anyone buy yourself. The beach was just the place to do that; the rhythm of the waves calmed me, the salt air soothed my soul. 
I sat alone on the beach as the sun set, trying to figure out what the hell I was supposed to  do. Mason told me he loved me three days prior and I still hadn’t said a word to him. I needed to tell him the truth, before he found out some other way. Mind made up, I walked back to the house and texted him to meet up. 
“Where are you off to?” Sydney asked as I walked through the kitchen. 
I barely glanced at her. “To see Mason.”
She nodded and let me go without further questioning. 
He agreed to meet me at a local bookstore. I patiently waited for him, nervous as hell. He walked up to me but didn’t say a word. 
“I owe you an apology,” I started. 
He held up his hands. “You don’t owe me anything, Elle. You’ve made it clear that this was just a summer fling and I went too far.”
“No, you didn’t,” I told him, stepping forward to take his face between my hands. “You terrify me. I’ve never had someone who sees me so clearly. You know me with almost no effort. It hasn’t been easy for me to just accept that. I’ve spent the bulk of my life hiding behind who I really am to keep people at a distance. But I don’t want to hide anymore.” I went on my tiptoes to press my lips against his. 
Just as he started to kiss me back, I pulled away. “I love you, Mason.”
He never got a chance to reply. 
“Miss Tish, what are you doing in Virginia Beach?” screamed a reporter nearby. 
I looked and saw a swarm of people with cameras and cell phones all pointed at me. Panic set in. 
“What did they call you?” I vaguely heard Mason ask. 
I stepped away from him, then backed up even more as the mob got closer. I had no idea what to do. They circled around me, edging Mason away from me and throwing questions like their lives depended on it.
“Is it true you’ve been hiding in Virginia all summer to escape the pressure of your family?”
“Are you going back to New York?”
“Will you renounce your family name to be with Mason Brooks?”
At the mention of his name, I searched for him in the crowd. I could barely see over the slew of people gathered, but I caught just a glimpse of his head as he slowly exited the bookstore. I’d blown it. 
 
Chapter Twenty-Eight


“It’s time to come home,” my father said. I barely heard him through the phone. My heart lay in pieces and the heavy drum of my own heartbeat was so loud in my ears, I could barely comprehend anything around me. 
I made it to the house with a trail of reporters behind me. Somehow, Audrey and Sydney already knew and they protected me, pulling me into the house and shutting the door behind me, locking out the rest of the world. 
They tried to get me to talk but I was a blubbering mess of sobs and tears. Eventually they figured it out. They called Lake and put him on alert for Mason, but no one had heard from him yet. I sat alone on the couch, trying to calm down when my phone rang. 
Sydney answered it. “Hi, Mr. Tish. Yes, she’s here. She’s safe. She may not be able to talk, but she can listen. Yes, sir.” She held the phone against my ear while Daddy talked. He told me to come home, that my summer of fun was done, and he was sending a car for me. When he finished, he asked to speak with Sydney again. I looked up and nodded at her, still not quite able to speak. 
She answered, hesitated, and then walked away, listening to my father. If I knew him, he had instructions for everyone. And all his instructions would be executed perfectly to get me away from Virginia Beach. 
In a few minutes, she returned and grabbed Audrey. The two of them raced upstairs and left me alone on the couch. I could barely catch a thought. I wondered absently who hated me enough to release my identity to the press. I knew Audrey and Sydney never would have. But what about Storm and Lake? No, that didn’t seem likely, either. Storm would never betray Audrey that way and Lake and I had become friends over the summer; he wouldn’t hurt me that way. 
The news on the TV was flooded with photos of me, from my arrival in Virginia Beach to our little trip to the mountains… someone had been following me, it seemed. There were pictures of Mason, too – photos of us holding hands on the beach, of us kissing. I felt so invaded, so violated. 
Sydney and Audrey appeared and guided me to the awaiting car outside the house. They protected me from the slew of reporters surrounding the car and got in with me. It was as if I wasn’t really there, like my brain went into hiding to protect itself.
Goodbye was probably the worst experience in the world. Whether it was the end of a friendship, a relationship, or a life, it would seem humans never grow accustomed to saying goodbye. I was certainly no exception. I let the tears fall until my vision blurred and the only remnant of his memory was the gentle hum of the engine. And in that moment, I broke. 
At the airport, they helped me board the private plane, both giving me worried glances, but neither said a word. When they each sat in the seats across from me, I looked at them questioningly. Audrey sighed while Sydney looked out the window. Once we were airborne, Sydney finally spoke. 
“I can’t take this anymore, dude! Will you talk to us?” 
I looked at them with a blank stare. 
“Sydney,” Audrey whispered in warning. 
Sydney held up a hand. “No, we got drawn into this and I’ll be damned if she gets to be silent while we’re flying to New York.”
“What do you want me to say?” I asked, with all sincerity. 
Sydney leaned forward, elbows on her knees. “Start with the truth.”
“What she means,” Audrey explained with a hand on her arm. “Is why is this all coming out now, and why are you acting like it’s the end of the world? You’ve been borderline comatose since you got to the house.”
“I told Mason I loved him.”
“What? That’s great!” Audrey squeaked. 
I shook my head. “I was about to tell him who I am and apologize for keeping the secret from him. And then the reporters swarmed us and he got pushed away. My last memory of him is him walking away, heartbroken. I can’t believe I lied to him.”
“He’ll forgive you, Elle. He loves you.” 
“No, Sydney, that’s what you don’t get. He trusted me, he let me get close. He told me things he never told anyone about his life. And I broke that trust because I was afraid of what – people knowing who I really am? I feel so selfish. I should have told him a long time ago. He’ll never forgive me now, even if he does still love me.”
Audrey let out a ragged breath. “I think he does. He’s just got to get over it, which is going to take some time. For now, you need to focus on getting back to New York and figuring out where you go from here. Everything else will come in time.”
She was probably the smartest person I knew. She helped me regain my focus and concentration. I’d been a mess at the airport in Virginia, but I needed to be back to normal when we landed in New York. I nodded and got up to go to the bathroom. 
I managed to make my hair presentable in a poorly done updo; I applied a subtle amount of makeup and Sydney brought me some eye drops for my red, watery eyes. I stepped back to look at myself in the oversized bathroom mirror. I wasn’t 100%. But I was better than I had been, and that was just as important. 
We landed in New York and I held my head high as we deboarded the plane and walked across the tarmac. Whatever came next, I knew I could handle it with my best friends beside me. 
Chapter Twenty-Nine


I didn’t hear from Mason. His anger toward me seemed to be greater than I imagined. I took it as well I could. It helped that my mother kept me busy. I spent the coming weeks in and out of meetings, so I could get up to date on what I’d missed in our company over the summer. Before I knew it, September was just about over. 
I stared at my phone for over an hour, debating whether or not to call him. He was due to go on deployment that day, and I had no idea if it was the sort of thing they left first thing in the morning for or if it was later in the day. When I finally summoned the courage, it went straight to voicemail.
“Hey, it’s Mason Brooks. I’ll be on deployment for a while, and my phone will be suspended starting mid-October. So don’t bother leaving a voicemail. If I have your address, I’ll send you a letter. Or an email. Other than that, I’ll see ya in six months!”
I clicked off, tears running down my face. I could barely stand, I was so broken. And everything went black.


***** ***** *****


I woke up in a hospital bed several hours later. 
“You’re awake,” my father whispered from his seat next to the bed. He took my hand in his. “You gave us quite a scare.”
I blinked a few times. “Sorry.” My throat hurt and my voice barely sounded like me. 
He pressed a kiss to my hand. “No need to be sorry, girl. I imagine all the running around you’ve been doing these past few weeks have taken their toll. Your mother has been a wreck.”
I chuckled. “I bet. Where is she?” I looked around the room and found it empty besides the two of us.
“She went home to shower and relax for a bit. I’ll call her later. She needs the rest. How are you feeling?”
“Fine, I guess. What happened?”
He sat back in his chair, propping his left ankle om his right knee. “You don’t remember?”
“I remember making a phone call. And then it’s all blank.”
He nodded. “Ah, yes. Brooks.”
What?
“Don’t look so surprised. Did you think I would let you run off for the summer without doing a thorough background on all the people you let into your life? You should know better than that, Eleanor.”
He was right. And yet I hadn’t given it a thought. 
“How do you feel about him?”
I sighed. “That’s a loaded question, Dad.”
“Yes but you know your answer. So tell me.”
“I love him.” It hurt my heart to even say the words. I let him get under my skin and it wasn’t fair. 
He smirked. “I guess you’ll be wanting to work wherever he gets stationed next, then.”
“That’s not necessary,” I explained. “He doesn’t want me.”
“I highly doubt that, Eleanor. You’re an amazing young woman. Why on earth wouldn’t he want you?”
“I, uhh, I sort of lied to him about who I am.”
“Yes, I’m aware of that. He’ll get over it. Eventually, he’ll understand why you did it and he won’t hold it against you forever.”
I cleared my throat. “You might be right, but he left today for a six-month deployment. And I don’t expect to hear from him at all. It’s time to let him go.”
He tilted his head. “That may not be entirely possible.”
Just as I was about to ask why not, a nurse entered the room and announced the doctor would be in shortly.
Chapter Thirty


I’m pregnant. 
I found it difficult to comprehend. “But I was on birth control,” I explained to the doctor. 
“That’s very common. Birth control isn’t one hundred percent effective.” 
I nodded silently as he continued speaking but internally, I was screaming. What the hell was I going to do? A baby ruined my life, and probably Mason’s, too. How on earth was I going to tell him while he was deployed on a boat somewhere. There wasn’t much I knew about Navy life, but I imagined finding out you’re going to be a father while you were stuck on a submarine in the middle of the ocean probably didn’t make the top five list. 
Eventually, the doctor left the room and I was alone with my dad. “You okay?” he asked. 
“No.”
He took my hand in his. “It’s not the end of the world, Elle.”
“It’s the end of any world where I’m a successful businesswoman,” I countered. 
“You know that’s not true. Look at your mother – she had you while maintaining the public eye as business professional.”
Exactly. I loved my mother, but I didn’t want to be her. She barely gave me a second glance once I was out of the womb. I grew up with nannies and tutors and attended private schools. I was an accessory to her when I was a kid. If I was going to be a mom, I wanted to make my children my top priority. 
“When you do both,” I told him, “both suffer.”
He nodded. “I know we weren’t perfect parents, Elle.”
“Dad –”
He put up a hand. “Let me finish, please. You weren’t planned. I’ll be honest, your mother and I never wanted children before you were born. But when Lane found out she was expecting, she did everything she possibly could to give you a perfect life. Including trying to give you siblings.”
Wait, what?
“Your mom miscarried four times after you. Once she miscarried the fourth, I had enough of her heartbreak and got a vasectomy. I couldn’t stand watching her heart break again. She didn’t find out until years later and she was so angry with me. We actually split up for about a month. I think the miscarriages, and then finding out I lied to her made her take a step back. She was afraid to hold you too close; she thought you were going to be taken from her, too. I know she’s prim and proper and does everything by the book, but after you were born, she wanted to be a stay at home mother and raise a whole brood. 
“I wanted nothing more than to give it to her, and when I realized we weren’t going to be able to do that, we just sort of drifted apart. We’re happy now, I think, but we spent a lot of years figuring ourselves out. And I think, in many ways, that’s what you and Mason have ahead of you.”
We had more than figuring ourselves out. We hadn’t spoken in weeks and he was gone for half a year. When he came back, I’d be a balloon and he wouldn’t love me anymore. 
I covered my face with my hands. “I can’t do this,” I whispered. 
His strong arms wrapped around me on that hospital bed. “You’ve got this, baby girl. And I’ve got your back through all of it.” I cried against him, wondering whether I was ever going to be able to be a good parent. 
Chapter Thirty-One


Once I was discharged from the hospital, I called Sydney. She was still living in the Virginia Beach house, working at the hotel, and spent a lot of her time alone these days. I’d invited her to work at one of the New York hotels, but she refused and claimed she liked living on the beach. 
“Elle! How are you?” she asked as she answered her phone. 
“Not great. I fainted yesterday and ended up in the hospital,” I explained. 
She laughed. “What are you, pregnant?”
“Yep.”
Silence.
“You still there?”
“Are you really pregnant?” she asked. 
“Yeah. It was a bit of a shock.”
“I bet. Are you okay?”
I sighed. “I don’t know. What am I supposed to do? Mason’s deployed.”
“Okay, take a deep breath. We need to get Audrey on the phone,” she insisted. 
I knew better than to argue. “Fine. You do it, I don’t have the energy.”
I waited while she disappeared from the line and called our other best friend. I sat in silence, absently playing with my hair. 
“Elle?” I heard Audrey’s voice ask. 
“Hey girl,” I greeted her, wishing they were both still in New York.
“Syd says we have to talk.”
“Yeah, I’m pregnant.”
“What?”
“Elle, you have no finesse,” Sydney accused. 
“I don’t have time for finesse. I’m going to be a mom.”
“So you’re keeping it?” Sydney asked. 
“Yes. I have to. I’d never be able to live with myself if I didn’t.”
Audrey hummed. “That’s probably what I would do, too. But no judgement if you didn’t want to keep the pregnancy. That’s your choice.”
“Thanks. Can we not talk about me for a minute? What’s new with you two?”
Sydney piped up first. “Well, I met someone. His name is Logan. Storm introduced us before he and Audrey left for California. He’s fun. But he’s leaving for California in two weeks, so it’s not going to turn into anything, I’m sure. I don’t want to leave the east coast.” She sounded almost in love, but I knew better. Sydney wasn’t the love type. 
“Storm proposed.” Audrey’s barely audible whisper caught my attention. 
“What? When?” Sydney squeaked.
“Last week. It’s been a whirlwind. We are thinking of having a June wedding,” she announced. 
“Like next June? As in nine months from now?” Sydney clarified. 
“Yes, Syd. That’s plenty of time to plan.”
“At least I won’t be pregnant by then,” I commented. “Sorry, that wasn’t very supportive. I’m really happy for you, Audrey!”
Sydney cleared her throat. “Who’s going to be your maid of honor?”
Audrey laughed. “I haven’t decided yet. But I figure you two can fight over it and whoever’s still standing can do it. Either way, I want both of you to be bridesmaids.”
“Audrey! Of course I will,” Sydney agreed. 
I was less enthused by the prospect but knew I couldn’t let her down. “Me too.”
“We’ve got some time, so no worries. I have a huge family of brothers, so I’m pretty sure I’ll need even more bridesmaids.”
“Jeez, you two make it impossible to compete. Marriage, pregnancy, what’s next?” Sydney complained. 
“I’d give anything to trade problems with you,” I offered. 
She sighed. “Sorry, I’m just ready for more in my life, you know? It’s like you two are right there, on the edge of the rest of your lives and I’m falling behind.”
“You know,” Audrey started. “There’s no set age or time limit to meet the one and pursue your dreams. Everything happens at a different pace for everyone. It’s okay if you’re not where we are, because we aren’t where you are, either. We still love you.”
“I love you guys, too. I’m just getting in my own head these days and I miss our carefree summer days.”
“Me too,” I agreed quickly. More than they would ever know. My life was going to turn into diapers and baby clothes, and they still had their freedom. 
“So what are you going to do about Mason?” Sydney asked. 
I let out a breath. “I don’t know. Tell him, obviously, but I have no idea when. It’s not like I can tell him face to face.”
“You can’t tell him in a letter, either, though,” Audrey interjected. 
She was right. “So what do I do?”
“I think you wait. Just until he comes home. Then let him decide if he wants to be involved, or if he’s out,” Sydney suggested.
Of course, that thought was depressing. I hadn’t thought of his choices. I could take him walking away from me, but if he walked away from our child? I wasn’t sure my heart could stand that.
Chapter Thirty-Two


Morning sickness hit me hard. And, of course, it wasn’t just the first three months. At my five-month appointment, I was still sick all day, every day. I felt like a cow, but everyone was nice and said I barely looked pregnant. 
I could barely do anything; I was so sick. My doctors prescribed me every drug they could think of to help with the nausea. Nothing worked. My plan to work through the pregnancy was heavily derailed. I spent most of my days in the fetal position in bed or with my face against the cool tile flooring of the bathroom so I could vomit if necessary. I barely ate and lost weight instead of gaining during the pregnancy. 
My doctor was only mildly worried, as he thought I would eventually feel better and would be able to eat normally. I wasn’t so sure. I arrived home after my appointment to find my mother in my room, waiting for me. 
“Eleanor, you need to get out of this room,” she suggested. 
I rolled my eyes and peeled off my hoodie. It snowed that morning and the weather was fiercely cold. “Mom, I can hardly leave when I feel like absolute shit.”
“I understand that, but you can’t stay here forever. You were supposed to be figuring out what you wanted out of life in Virginia, not getting pregnant and falling into a depression.”
Am I depressed? I wasn’t so sure anymore. I hadn’t heard from Mason and it hurt, but I refused to think about him. “Well I can’t change the past. What would you like me to do?”
“I have a proposition for you.”
I knew I was going to hate it. “Let’s hear it.”
She drew a long breath. “I think you should see Zachary.”
My ex-boyfriend and bane of my existence? Nope. “Have you lost your mind?”
“Please hear me out. He loved you. He still does. He will make a decent father for your child so you aren’t doing this by yourself.”
“Wow, Mom, thanks for the vote of confidence. First of all, I don’t need anyone to help me with this kid. I am perfectly capable of taking care of him or her myself. And until Mason makes his choice about the baby, I’m definitely not going to try to edge him out of being a father to his own child.”
“And when do you expect him to decide? You haven’t even told him,” she reminded me, as if I didn’t think about that fact every day of my damned life. 
I closed my eyes and sat down on the edge of my bed. “Mom, I have my reasons for not telling him yet. He needs to focus on what he’s doing right now, and not worry about me or this baby. When he comes back, I’ll be telling him.” I placed my palm flat against my slightly protruding belly. With all the weight I’d lost, it was barely noticeable that I was pregnant. I wasn’t sure if that was such a good thing. 
She rolled her eyes. “Eleanor, I’m not going to discuss this. You’ll meet with Zachary and see if there’s still anything there.”
“Fine,” I agreed, but only because I started to feel sick again. I ran for my bathroom and slammed the door shut. 
An hour later, I was in bed, tucked under the covers. I knew I had no feelings left for Zachary. He’d been only a blip on my radar, not someone I ever seriously saw myself with. Not to mention, no one in my whole life made me feel the way Mason had. He was so caring, so gentle but demanding. He made me happy. And if he decided to let us walk away, I could deal with that. 
I hoped he wouldn’t, but I had no idea how he’d react. 
Chapter Thirty-Three


Zachary Bard was a snake if ever I met one. Years ago, he’d proclaimed his love for me two short weeks after we started dating and was obsessed with my family name. He proposed to me six weeks later. I’d gotten far away from him, as fast as I could. I’d seen him around the city, but he had seemed busy trying to get his career off the ground, so I mostly ignored him. 
He was still talking to my parents, it seemed. With blonde streaks through his brown hair and brown eyes, he looked like a pop band wannabe instead of a business professional. He was barely taller than me and far too lean. I couldn’t help but compare him to Mason’s thickly muscled body. 
“Eleanor, how lovely to see you,” he greeted me as I walked into the restaurant. Zachary spoke like my mother and it bugged me. 
I’d worn a loose blouse and a pair of pregnancy dress pants to hide my belly. No one in the city really knew I was pregnant and while the family wasn’t exactly hiding it, we weren’t interested in the whole world knowing just yet, either.  
“Zachary,” I muttered as he enveloped me in a hug. It was like hugging a twig.
He stepped back and narrowed his eyes at my stomach. “Did you take the summer off from working out regularly like you used to?”
Did he just call me fat? I wanted to kill him. “I took the summer off from everything in my life.”
He pulled a chair out at the table for me and I sat quickly, ordering a glass of water from our server. 
“We’ll have two glasses of your most expensive chardonnay,” he told her with a bright smile. 
“None for me, thanks,” I told her. 
“Nonsense! We have to celebrate,” he insisted. I rolled my eyes but let our server leave our table. I had no intention of drinking. 
“What are we celebrating?” I asked. 
His grin was borderline creepy. “Why, our joyous reunion, of course!”
I raised a brow at him as the waitress returned with water. 
“I’ve missed you,” he announced as he grabbed hold of my hand before I could pull it away. “You are the light of my life, Eleanor, and I need you in my life again.”
“I have a lot on my plate. I can’t really do the relationship thing right now,” I said, yanking my hand away from his. 
My efforts to be diplomatic were lost on him. “It doesn’t matter what you’re dealing with, my dear. You will be mine.”
I made a face and downed my water. I didn’t want to be in his presence anymore. “I’m not feeling so well. I think I should go home.”
He stood up as I did and grabbed my arm, pulling me close. “You aren’t leaving me this time, Eleanor.”
I glanced at his grip on my arm and then looked him in the eye. “Let go of me.”
“You think it was a coincidence that the media blew up about your time in Virginia when it did? Who do you think sent the pictures? That story made my career,” he admitted, still holding me. “And that savage you were seeing got kicked the curb, just like he should have been all along. He wasn’t worth the ground you stand on. I’m the only one good enough for you.”
I reeled back at his words. He’d been following me in Virginia, taking pictures. “That’s stalking,” I told him. 
“A good reporter does whatever he has to,” he said with a shrug. 
“Let me go,” I said again, wishing I’d had the common sense to bring someone to dinner with me. 
“You don’t want to cause a scene and make a mess for the Tish name, do you, Eleanor?” The gleam in his eyes was unmistakable. 
I leaned into him a little bit, preparing myself for the worst. His grip loosened ever so slightly and I yanked my arm back. He let go in shock and I bolted for the door. I had never been so glad to be wearing flats as I raced across the dining room and out the door. The frigid air stung my skin but I kept going, desperate to get away from him. 
I chanced a look behind me and found him following me. He was faster and had almost caught me when I ran into a wall. 
Chapter Thirty-Four


Or, at least, what I thought was a wall. When the walls arms came around me, I looked up. 
Lake.
“Need a hand?” he asked in that stupid goofy voice of his. 
I put my forehead on his chest. “God yes.”
He gently moved me to stand beside him instead of in front of him as he faced Zachary. My ex-boyfriend approached but slowed down drastically, given Lake’s size. 
“Is there a problem here?” Lake asked, stepping in front of me.
Zachary cleared his throat. “Not at all. I was just looking for Eleanor.” His eyes threw daggers at me. 
“I don’t think she wants to see you, dude.”
Zachary’s face scrunched up. “Dude? I am a professional, sir, and this is none of your business. Now let me speak to my girlfriend.”
“I am not your girlfriend, you freak!” I shouted, ready to beat him to a pulp. 
“Easy,” Lake whispered to me. “It seems she doesn’t think she is. So maybe you should go,” he said to Zachary. 
Zachary stepped toward Lake. “I suggest you get away from her, dude, before I punch you out.”
Lake smiled. “You’re welcome to try. But you won’t get your hands on Elle.”
“Elle? How dare you speak of her so informally. Her name is Eleanor.”
“Are you jealous she’s never asked you to call her Elle?” Lake goaded him, trying to push him to make the first swing. 
Zachary took the bait. His fist came up and he took one swing at Lake. To my utter astonishment, he landed the blow. Lake’s head tilted to the side as Zachary’s fist met his head. He shook his head a bit and then squared off. His fists were up in an instant and he landed two hits to Zachary’s mid-section before Zachary even knew what happened. 
Zachary stepped back, doubling over in pain. When he straightened, Lake hit him once more, in the jaw. He stumbled, grabbed his face, and fell to the ground. He started crying and I had to hold back a laugh. 
“You will leave Elle alone from here on out,” Lake told him as he towered over the little man. “And you won’t be contacting her again.”
“This isn’t over,” Zachary promised. 
Lake turned back to me and put an arm around my shoulders, leading me away from Zachary. He walked me all the way to my family’s hotel.
“What on earth did you ever see in that guy?” he asked as we stepped into the elevator. 
I sighed. “Nothing. That’s why I ended it. But my mother wanted me to try again with him so my child –” I stopped, unsure if Audrey had told him anything. 
“Sydney texted me about it. I wish you had told me, though.”
“It’s been this whole crazy situation and I didn’t know who to trust,” I admitted. 
He nodded. “I understand. But I’ll always be your friend, Elle. And I wouldn’t have told Mason, if you asked me not to. Speaking of, why are you ignoring him?”
“I’m not ignoring him so much as I just decided not to tell him about the pregnancy until he returns home.”
“You are ignoring him, according to him. He says he’s sent you a bunch of letters and you haven’t replied.”
My jaw dropped. “I haven’t gotten any letters.”
“He said he sent you at least five letters already. I wonder why you haven’t been getting them?” he asked, more to himself than to me. 
Of course, I already knew. I took a deep breath through my nose and tried to control my anger. Hadn’t my mother meddled in my life enough?
I led Lake to my room and I sat on my bed while he took the chair in the corner. I stared at him, still uncertain what he was doing in New York. 
“You wondering why I’m here?” he asked, as if reading my thoughts. 
“A little bit, yeah,” I allowed. 
He took a deep breath. “Everyone’s worried about you. I know you weren’t planning to have a baby, and now you are and we’re all kind of wondering if this is the best environment for you to be in.”
I tipped my head back. “I get it. But I’m with my family. And as messed up as they are, they’re taking care of me.”
“By trying to get you back with that douchebag?”
I rolled my eyes. “My mother seems to think I should be married, since I’m pregnant. She has a lot of old-fashioned beliefs. I’ll be educating her about it later.” She was going to get a piece of my mind. 
“Why don’t you come back to Virginia Beach?”
I stared at him, dumbfounded. “Are you joking?”
“Not at all. I’m still there for another year and can keep an eye on you and the baby. Sydney’s there. We support you and won’t try to force you into anything you don’t want to do.”
“What are you guys, like dating now?”
He shook his head. “No, but we’ve become good friends since you and Audrey left, and she agrees with me, that you should be around your friends, and maybe away from your family for a while, at least until you decide what to do about Mason.”
I sighed. “Look, Mason and I were doomed from the start. And I’ll look around for the letters, but I don’t think it’s a good idea for me to leave New York. I’ve been really sick this whole pregnancy, and I don’t like people having to take care of me.”
He walked over and sat next to me. “We’re here for you, Elle. You brought us all together and we’re like family now.” He took my hand in his. “And we take care of our family.”
Tears streamed down my face. “I’m so lucky to have you guys.”
“And we’re lucky to have you.” He wrapped his arms around me in a hug and I bawled like a baby. 
Chapter Thirty-Five


I spent an hour sobbing and crying all over him. In the end, I decided he was right. I packed a bag and had him take it downstairs to catch a cab to the airport while I let my parents know. I found them together, sitting at the dining room table having lunch. 
“Is there anything you want to tell me?” I asked, standing in the doorway. 
My father looked up, a big smile on his face. “Hello, Eleanor. We didn’t think you’d be hungry. But if you’re up to it, I can get you a plate.”
“No thanks. I’m not hungry. Where are they?”
He looked genuinely confused. “Where are what?”
“The letters. Mason’s letters,” I seethed. 
“I don’t think we’ve received any letters,” Dad said, looking to my mother. 
She had the decency to look guilty as hell. 
“Where are they?” I asked her. 
“There aren’t any letters,” she said softly. 
I glared at her. “Did you destroy them?”
She was silent. 
I nodded. “I’m heading back to Virginia. Do not come after me. I’m done. You know, I spent the last five months thinking the man I love didn’t give a fuck about me, and come to find out, you’ve been keeping this little secret of his letters from me. That’s pretty shitty, Mom. I can’t believe you would do this to me. I deserve better. And so I’ll be at Grandma’s house on the beach and you can stay here and shove it.”
I didn’t wait for a reply; I turned on my heel and left the room. I could faintly hear my father questioning my mother behind me and I believed he hadn’t known anything about the letters. But it didn’t matter; she made her choice. 
Chapter Thirty-Six


Three months later, I was happily living in Virginia Beach again. Sydney and I spent every day together that she wasn’t working, and when she was working, Lake checked in on me, bringing me food and making sure I was good. I finally felt better and proceeded to eat everything. We spent a ton on groceries, since I had a lot of time not eating to make up for. If I thought my belly was big before, it was gigantic by the beginning of my eighth month. 
I was hanging out on the couch, munching on some fruit when there was a knock at the door. I hoisted myself up, still not fully adjusted to my huge belly. I glanced through the window and saw my father standing outside. Part of me really didn’t want to answer the door, but I knew I had to. 
“Dad,” I greeted him. 
He had an envelope in his hands. “Eleanor, may I come in?”
I stepped back, letting him enter my home. I wasn’t happy with him, but as far as I knew, he hadn’t done anything wrong, so I figured he deserved to speak his mind. 
We sat on the couch and I clicked off the TV. “What are you doing here?”
“Your mother and I have done nothing but fight for the last few months. She insisted she did what she did for you, but I don’t believe her. She was selfish and it’s hard to forgive someone for trying to destroy a relationship. You and Mason deserve to have a chance, to see if you could be more.” 
He lifted the envelope. “These are the letters your mother has been keeping from you. She never got rid of them. When I found them a few days ago, I knew I had to get them to you. There are some dated more recently, too. I’m shocked you didn’t write him yourself to let him know you were here.”
I sighed. “I decided to surprise him when he comes back from deployment in a few days. All my friends have helped me set-up a perfect day for the two of us. Can I have the letters?”
“Of course,” he said, handing them to me. “I’d like your forgiveness, though. Your mother and I are currently separated.”
I glanced at him, stunned. 
“The fact that she could do this to you made me wonder what else she was hiding, so I had her followed. She was dishonest about a lot of things, including keeping separate accounts from me, where she’s deposited hundreds of thousand of dollars of the business’s money. I always wondered why she was always wanting me to give her cash, instead of using our credit cards.”
“Dad, I’m so sorry,” I said. I held his hand in mine and squeezed. 
“I’ve been suspicious of her for a few years, but she hid everything so well. When I discovered her account, I also found it was a joint account.”
“With who?”
“Zachary Bard.”
I gaped at him. No way. “Seriously?”
“Yes. Apparently, they’ve been having an affair for some time, including when you were seeing him. My private investigator found everything, which shows she’s been sleeping with him for the better part of ten years.”
“Ten years? That means he was sixteen when they got together? Gross,” I added. 
“Yes, and I guess him dating you was a cover up for their relationship, which makes sense. I’d come home and find the two of them in the house together and your mother would always say Zachary came over to see you but you weren’t home. I was always curious why he didn’t just call you to see if you were home, but I never imagined they were fucking.”
“Daddy.”
He sighed. “Sorry. This has been a huge hit to the gut. I loved your mother and to be betrayed like this… it’s unbearable.”
I watched sadly as my father broke down. He dropped his head in his hands and cried. I wrapped my arms around him as best I could and attempted to comfort him. 
“I love you, baby girl. And if you’ll have me, I want to be a part of your child’s life.”
I smiled and waited for him to look at me. “Of course, Dad. You will always be his grandpa.”
“His?”
“Yes, it’s a boy. I didn’t want to know for a long time, but at my last appointment, Sydney and Lake convinced me to find out. They’ve already painted the nursery blue. Would you like to see?”
I led my father upstairs to Audrey’s old room which had been transformed into a beautiful nursery. Sydney and Lake had worked tirelessly for weeks to get it done. I was still missing a few things, but they helped whenever they could. 
“I’m glad your allowance is going to all this,” he said, examining the room. 
“Allowance?”
He turned to me. “Yes, your allowance. I set it up right after you left. I didn’t want you to have to worry about money while you were gone, even if I couldn’t be a part of your life, I was going to take care of you.”
“Dad, I haven’t received anything.”
He closed his eyes. “Your mother.”
I walked over to him and put my hand on his arm. “It’s okay. I’ve had so much help here. Sydney and Lake have made sure I’ve had everything I needed these past few months.”
He pulled out his phone and opened his banking app. “I’m transferring money to your account right now. If you need more, just ask. I have to deal with your mother and we are probably getting a divorce.”
“I kind of figured. I’m in good hands, Dad. If I need anything, I’ll ask,” I promised. 
I walked him out and said goodbye. As I closed the door, I turned toward the couch where I’d left the envelope of Mason’s letters. I took a deep breath and prepared myself for what was sure to be a lot of anger from him. 
DAY 231
WE ARE SCHEDULED BACK TO VIRGINIA TODAY. I’M NERVOUS, WONDERING IF YOU’LL BE THERE BUT TERRIFIED THAT YOU WON’T BE. I KNOW I TOLD YOU TO STAY AWAY, BUT I’M STILL HOPING YOU’LL IGNORE THAT REQUEST. 
WE’VE BEEN THROUGH SO MUCH IN SUCH A SHORT TIME, ELLE. I KNOW IT HASN’T BEEN EASY, AND JUDGING BY THE LACK OF LETTERS ON YOUR PART… I’M GUESSING YOU’RE ALREADY OVER ME. BUT I HOPE, BEYOND ALL REASON, THAT YOU COME TODAY. I’VE SPENT THE LAST TWO HUNDRED THIRTY-ONE DAYS DREAMING OF YOU, WISHING I COULD HOLD YOU IN MY ARMS ONE LAST TIME. EVEN JUST A GLIMPSE OF YOU. 
I KNOW YOU HID THINGS ABOUT YOURSELF FROM ME. AND IT’S BEEN HARD TO ACCEPT, LET ME TELL YOU. BUT AFTER SEVEN MONTHS, I FEEL LIKE I UNDERSTAND. YOU HAD TO FIGURE YOURSELF OUT. IT HURTS THAT YOU LIED TO ME, BUT I KNOW YOU HAD YOUR REASONS. AND I BELIEVE YOU MEANT IT WHEN YOU TOLD ME YOU LOVED ME. I REPLAY THAT MOMENT IN MIND AS OFTEN AS I CAN. BECAUSE EVEN IF I NEVER SEE YOU AGAIN, I HAVE THE MEMORY OF YOU SAYING THE WORDS I LONGED TO HEAR FOR SO LONG TO ME. EVEN THOUGH THAT DAY ENDED IN ABSOLUTE DISASTER, IT WAS THE GREATEST DAY OF MY LIFE. 
I WAS SO MAD AT YOU FOR LYING, BUT I WAS EVEN MORE PISSED AT MYSELF FOR WALKING AWAY FROM YOU. I FEEL LIKE I LET YOU DOWN. AND I PROMISE, IF YOU GIVE ME THE CHANCE, I’LL NEVER LET YOU DOWN LIKE THAT AGAIN. I CAN AND WILL BE THE MAN YOU NEED BY YOUR SIDE. 
I’LL BE HONEST, KNOWING YOUR TRUE IDENTITY INTIMIDATED ME A BIT. YOUR NAME IS ONE OF THE BIGGEST. AND YOUR FAMILY’S WEALTH… I CAN’T COMPARE WITH THAT. I MAKE PEANUTS, BY COMPARISON. BUT I CAN LOVE YOU LIKE NO ONE ELSE EVER HAS, AND I KNOW, IF YOU GIVE ME THE CHANCE, I CAN MAKE YOU HAPPIER THAN YOU’VE EVER BEEN. AND I’LL SPEND MY WHOLE LIFE PROVING IT TO YOU. ALL I’M ASKING FOR IS A CHANCE. I’VE CARRIED A PICTURE OF YOU WITH ME THROUGH THIS WHOLE DEPLOYMENT. IT’S A SHITTY ONE THAT I GOT FROM ONLINE, BECAUSE IT OCCURRED TO ME THAT I WOULD NEED TO SEE YOUR FACE EVERY DAY OF THIS DEPLOYMENT. AND BELATEDLY, I REALIZED I DIDN’T HAVE A SINGLE PHOTO OF US FROM OUR TIME TOGETHER. I WONDER IF THAT WAS ON PURPOSE, ON YOUR PART. 
IT DOESN’T MATTER. I’VE GIVEN THIS LETTER TO ONE OF MY CLOSEST FRIENDS ON THE BOAT, AND HOPEFULLY, HE FOUND YOU AMONG THE GROUP OF FAMILIES ON THE PIER. I’LL BE THE VERY LAST ONE OFF THE BOAT. DON’T GIVE UP ON ME. 
I’LL ALWAYS BE YOURS, 
MASON
Chapter Thirty-Seven
Mason


 She was beautiful. Even with that belly of hers. I knew, the moment I saw her on that pier, that she was carrying my child. Our child. My heart filled and I knew I couldn’t let her walk away again. She might not have written me while I was stuck on that boat, but she wasn’t going to get rid of me that easily. 
She glanced up, finishing the letter. Her eyes flooded with tears, but she had the biggest smile across her lips. I stood no more than ten feet from her, waiting for her to finish my final letter. Lake had let me know in his last letter that her family had hidden my letters, and that she would be meeting me at the pier. 
I couldn’t wait any longer. I stepped forward and rushed her, wrapping my arms around her body and pulling her as close as I possibly could. I inhaled her sweet scent and promised myself I’d never let her go again. 
When I pulled away, she was crying harder than before. “I missed you.”
She smiled. “And I love you, Mason Brooks.”
“I love you, too, Elle Tish.”


***** ***** *****

Thank you so much for reading! I hope you enjoyed Elle and Mason’s love story as much as I did! Please remember to review! Thank you for your support!
