
Creators of the galaxy
The Nether Souls series
Book One




Written by: Rebecca Jose
FREE DOWNLOAD!
https://mymeshara.wixsite.com/nethersouls/landing-page 



Copyright © Rebecca Jose
All rights reserved.


This book may in no part be duplicated without written consent from the author and copyright holder.



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 
This book is dedicated to all my family and friends who supported me through this entire process.

Special thanks goes out to my wonderful daughter, Meshara Hampton, who spent many long hours proofreading and dealing with a two-year-old at the same time.

CONTENTS

PROLOGUGE
CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
CHAPTER 12
CHAPTER 13
CHAPTER 14
CHAPTER 15
CHAPTER 16
CHAPTER 17
EPILOGUE
FREE DOWNLOAD
ABOUT THE AUTHOR


PROLOUGE

I open my newborn eyes and see the doctors fussing over my sister.  She was born just a few minutes after I was.  I could hear my sister crying in the incubator beside my plastic hospital crib, and I knew she was dying.  Nothing the doctors did would help.  She was dying, and only I could help her.
I did not know how I knew this, I just did.  I knew that if I could touch my sister that I could heal her.  I did not know how I knew this either.  I just did.  I tried to form words, as the doctors did.  I could hear them talking, and I could understand what they were saying.  I tried to talk like that, but the only thing that came out of my mouth were whimpers, sounds, and cries of frustration as I tried and tried to make my mouth form the words I so desperately needed to say.
“Give her to me!  Let me touch her!”  I kept trying to say, but I just kept whimpering and crying.  My cries became so loud that, eventually, a nurse picked me up from my crib and rocked me as she cooed in a soothing manner.  This did not help.  It only made me more frustrated, because I could not talk to her and tell her what I wanted to say.
After a few long minutes, the doctors stopped working on my sister and concentrated on me.  My sister was deemed “in stable condition” by the doctors, and she lay quietly in the incubator and did not cry again.  They had hooked her up to some tubes, and wires snaked from patches they had placed along her body.  I could hear the steady “beep…beep…beep” of the monitors as her heart continued to beat and I knew that she was definitely not in stable condition.
The doctors cleaned me up and swaddled me into a cozy blanket.  It did not console me, however because my sister was slowly fading away.  I knew she had some time, but she was suffering nonetheless.  I did not want her to suffer any longer than necessary.  All I had to do was touch her and she would heal.
Finally, after what seemed like forever, they gently picked up my sister and set her in a little plastic crib like the one I had lain in.  They hung the bags of liquids that were attached to the tubes coming out of her body to a rod that was attached to her crib, and they attached the monitor to the crib as well, so it would move with the crib.  The nurse that was holding me put me back into my little plastic crib, and we were both wheeled into another room.  
There, a woman lay in a hospital bed.  She looked worn and tired, but her eyes lit up with happiness as we were brought to her.  They picked up my sister first and gently placed her into the woman’s arms.  The doctor took a minute to explain all the wires and tubes coming from her, and the numbers on the monitor and what they meant.  The woman’s eyes turned sad for a second, until the doctor picked me up and gently placed me in her other arm.
“Meet your mother”, the doctor told me as he laid me in the crook of the woman’s other arm opposite my sister.
I looked up into her sad eyes, and tried to motion towards my sister.  “Let me touch her and I will fix her”, I tried to say to her, but it just came out in a soft coo.  This made the woman smile, and tears welled up in her eyes.  She lifted me towards her face and placed a gentle kiss on my forehead.
As she lifted me, and this put me in close proximity to the quiet baby in the crook of my mother’s other arm.  I tried to reach out and touch her, but my arm would not cooperate.  It waved up and down swiftly, and I could not get the muscles to respond.  Mother lifted my sister up even closer as she placed a soft kiss on her forehead as well, and when she did my arm brushed against my sister’s arm in a split second.
Just that second was all I needed.  I thought, “Heal!  Live!”
The second I thought those words, a tremendous pain shot through my entire tiny body.  It felt like I was being torn apart from the inside.  I cried loudly, and my mother made shushing sounds at me and cuddled me closer to her cheek.  The pain subsided after a brief moment, and my sister started crying as well.  
A man came and gently lifted each one of us off mother in turn, and placed us back into our cribs.  My sister stopped crying after a moment, and her head turned in my direction.  I could see in her eyes that she understood what had happened, and I knew her thoughts just as if they were my own.
“Thank you.  I am a part of you now”, she thought at me.  And I heard her! Her voice was in my head, and I heard it!
This was my last thought as blackness started to swirl around my vision and through my fuzzy brain.  The dream faded into the blackness of the night, and I awoke safe in my bed.  I have had this dream on and off during this entire second life.  The dream comes from my first life.  This dream is the very first memories I have of existence.
I am eighty-one years old.  I have been alone for this life.  I did what I needed to do to live, but not much else from that.  I gave up on having a family, or associating with the family I was born to.  After my first life, I saw no need to burden myself if I was only going to go back to the Nether when I died.
When I was placed into the newborn body in this life, I remembered everything.  I remembered being placed into that first body and coming into existence.  I remembered my life with my family and sister. I remembered the pain I felt when we lost our mother at a very young age to cancer.   I remembered how close my sister and I were, and how we never lost that connection to talk to each other with our thoughts.
I remember the horrible death of my sister when she drown in a lake on a camping trip with her friends at the young age of 16.  I remember hearing her call for me in my head, asking for help and being so terrified, and the horrible helplessness I felt for not being able to get to her to help her in time.  By the time I had gotten there, it had been too late.
I remember the tremendous feelings of grief and pain of loss, and being so depressed that I wanted to die.  I remember the girl from college, and how she made the pain feel better.  I remember falling in love, getting married, and having two children.  A girl and a boy.  I remember going to work at the hospital where I worked as a doctor.  I had wanted to save lives to make up for not being able to save my sister.
I remember the day that I never came home.  All that pain and suffering I had to go through to get to the happy life I had, and it had all been taken away in one fatal moment on the highway.   I had only been 35 years old at that time.
It was especially hard when I had to go through that painful death of the car crash.  The pain was excruciating.  I was considered dead on arrival, but my brain was still functioning, and I could still feel everything.  
My brain was beginning to function on a different frequency, and was preparing my life force to be taken to my waiting soul body in the other plane of existence called the Nether.  The reunification process (the process of leaving the human body and entering the soul body) is complex.  There is supposed to be this light tunnel or portal of some kind, and it is supposed to be comforting and lessen the pain of dying.  When the portal opened for me and I entered it, I still felt intense pain.  I was in pain until I opened my eyes in my soul body in the Nether. 
I am a new soul.  I have been told by the other souls that I met while I was in the Nether that living lives on the planet Earth is a great adventure.  They also told me that I would not remember anything beyond my most recent life.  They told me that you do not remember anything about the Nether when you are on Earth in your human body, and you do not remember any of your past lives.
This had made me feel a little better.  I would live another life and not remember anything from this first short and painful life.  Overall, I had some happy moments and times, but the death of my sister had still haunted me and I would be glad when I forgot.
They were wrong.  I remembered everything when I entered this life.  I remembered losing my sister, the pain of death, and everything I had learned while I was in the Nether.  There was a lot to learn about the Nether and it would be quite a while before I learned everything, but my knowledge of the Nether was sufficient to know that when I came to the Planetal plane and entered my earthly body I was not supposed to remember the Nether or my first life.
What I have learned so far is that there are two eternal cities for the planet Earth in the Nether, and they house many souls.  The souls spend their time learning, training, working, and resting.  The ones that journey to Earth spend their time preparing for their return to their next Earthly body and their next adventure.  
There are many different planets, and each one has their own two eternal cities that co-exist with their planets on a different plane.  Each solar system has a light and dark city as well, and each of those cities has its own leader.  The leaders of the light and dark cities of the solar system are considered the leaders of the entire solar system and all the planets therein.
I came from the city of Zendawiss, the light city of the planet Earth in one of the solar systems in the Milky Way galaxy.  The leader there is Khanya.  The dark city, Nochetawah, is ruled by Pimedus.  Khanya and Pimedus teach their souls about the universal harmony and balance, and how everything must follow that balance.  Hence, light and dark cities.  
Light and dark does not necessarily mean good and evil, because there are good and bad light souls, and vice versa.  The other plane of existence (the Nether) exists in complete harmony and balance with the Planetal plane (the plane of the planets).  It is connected to the Planetal plane through energy (as is everything in the universe), and operates on a different frequency of energy that is so high that the Planetal creatures cannot see, feel, or hear it.  
Some humans, one of the Planetal creatures of the planet Earth, are sensitive to this frequency very slightly, and they can catch glimpses, sounds, or smells of souls.  It is said that the humans of Earth are the most advanced creatures in the solar system and the most favored vessel to live in on Earth, but I have heard tales that there are more advanced creatures on other planets in the other solar systems of the Milky Way.
All of this was explained and taught to me by Khanya and Pimedus and other souls.  I spent quite a lot of time there after my first life.  When I entered my second life, I was surprised when I realized that I had forgotten nothing.  That is why I lived this life alone.  I did not want to live through all that pain again.  I needed to have a serious talk with Khanya about this when I returned to Zendawiss.
Nevertheless, I would have to wait…
Wait to die…
I just hope it is soon.  I want to go home.

CHAPTER 1

I finally made it.  That same night, after I had awoken from the nightmare and went back to sleep, I had a heart attack.  I realized that if you died while asleep the process was a lot less painful.  The light tunnel portal made my pain fade as fast as it had begun as I drifted out of my human body and into the Nether. 
Why had it worked this time when it did not work before?  Just another question I had to ask when I got back to Zendawiss.
I awoke in my soul body in one of the receiving rooms of Zendawiss, with Khanya standing over me.  “Welcome back Gatu”, she said with a welcoming smile.
“Khanya, I’m so glad to be home.  I missed home.”
“Liar”, she replied playfully still smiling.  “How can you miss something you do not even remember?”
The smile left her face suddenly at my reply.  My voice stayed calm as I said, “Yes, you said I would forget.  I didn’t forget.  I remember everything from my first life and my second life.  I still remember everything from the moment I was placed into that first body until this moment.  I remember it all.”  I took a cleansing breath as I finished.  I was afraid of her response.  Were there others like me and, if so, why had I not been warned?  
Her face stayed neutral, and I could not tell what she was thinking.  Finally, after a long moment, she answered, “Gatu, I do not have any answers for you.”  My heart sank as she continued, “this is definitely a very unique situation.  I have never heard of such a thing.  Are you sure you remember everything?”  
“I’m very sure and I’ll prove it.”  I went on to tell Khanya about my first life, skimming over it but adding in details here and there.  I made sure to accentuate the pain of losing my sister and still missing her to this day.
After I was finished speaking, Khanya turned to another soul in the room who had been standing by my bed.  The soul simply nodded with a serious expression on her face.  This soul was my watcher and every soul had one.  
A watcher is a soul that watches over another soul while they are living on the Planetal plane.  These souls can enter the Planetal plane in their soul bodies, an ability called Planetal travel.  The watcher will report to the leader if there are any problems or if an imbalance is suspected during their charges’ lives.  Sometimes, a watcher will watch two or more souls, but usually no more than four.
Khanya's silvery voice drew me out of my thoughts as she replied, “I was wondering why you pushed everyone away in this life.  Now I understand.  This is quite unusual.  I need to discuss this with the other leaders and I will get back to you.  Maybe there is another soul out there like you, and maybe there is not.  Either way, I think it would be best if you stayed here in the Nether until this situation is resolved.”
She looked at my watcher and said, “It looks like Gatu will not need you for a while.”
My watcher smiled at me, a smile of good-bye, and I smiled back at her sadly.  
“Don’t be so sad, Gatu.  I’ll see you around”, she said sweetly as she left the room.
Khanya watched her until she was completely out of the door before she spoke.  “I will go make my first call.  You wait here for a bit and I will be back soon.”
“Are you gonna tell Pimedus”, I asked softly?  I knew this would be a sore subject, and I had only asked so that I would know what to say and what not to say if Pimedus visited.
Khanya’s voice was vehement as she replied, “Why would I not tell him?  Even though I do not want to, it would be better if he knew.  He did create you, after all.  I will return later with more news.” She walked out without a backwards glance, and I had a twinge of guilt thinking that she may be angry with me. 
 I had learned a lot during my time in Zendawiss between my first and second lives.  One of the more surprising things that I had learned was that I was not supposed to be in Zendawiss.  I was supposed to have been in Nochetawah with Pimedus.  Pimedus had created me, yet I had ended up in Zendawiss when I left earth and entered the Nether.
Pimedus created dark souls that were blessed with dark powers.  The leaders blessed the souls with powers to maintain the balance on both planes.  In the Planetal plane, the soul retained the energy from their power.  The more powerful the power, the more energy it creates in the Planetal plane, thus if a big balance of dark energy was needed, a soul with a great power was sent.  In the Nether, our powers were part of our everyday lives.  We learn how to use them and we use them when we can.  
I was created with the power to manipulate darkness, which was a very powerful dark power.  Pimedus himself had the same power.   I could do a lot in the Nether.  I could hide in shadow and no soul could see me.  I could create a ball of darkness that could blind a soul so completely, but I could still see inside the darkness.  Of course, on the Planetal plane the power is not manifested so completely since Planetal bodies do not operate on the same frequency as a soul body in the Nether. 
I had never tried to use my powers on earth intentionally, because I did not even know they had existed in my first life, and in my second life, I never had the interest.  Some souls have told me that there are humans on our planet earth who believe they can do magic, but since a soul does not remember the Nether or their past lives, I doubted that they could use their powers intentionally.  I am sure that if they could remember then they could use their powers since I used a power unintentionally, and it was not a power that I should have had.
I ended up gaining healing powers somehow, and when I healed my sister, my soul had attracted so much light energy that the original dark energy had been overtaken.  I ended up being a doctor in my adult life, which attracted even more light energy, so when I had died I ended up in Zendawiss with Khanya.  
No one knows how this happened.  Khanya and Pimedus had many discussions and many meetings about how I had come to possess additional powers.  Pimedus had only given me the one power when he created me, and he had placed me directly into the waiting body, so there was no time to grow and develop a new power for me.  I was brand new, so it should have been impossible, and what made it even more improbable was the fact that I had used a light power even though I was supposed to have been a dark soul.
Some souls become filled with opposite energy depending on the events of their Planetal lives.  Situations like these can throw off the delicate balance of the planet.  There are souls called “balancers” that can put things back into balance in the Planetal plane and balance the energies inside another soul.  These souls possess both light and dark energy, and can live in either city of their choosing.  They do not necessarily have to inhabit a Planetal body to restore the balance.   It is a skill that is learned by a soul that possesses both energies if they chose to become a balancer.
For some reason that is still unknown, the balance was not thrown off in the slightest when I became filled with light; therefore, no balancer was sent, and I came to Zendawiss with Khanya when I entered the Nether from the Planetal plane.  The balance in the Nether stayed stable as well.  This ended up leaving Khanya and Pimedus to believe that I may have held on to some of my dark energy and would be a great balancer.  To test this theory, however, I would have to go to Earth when the time came to balance out the energies, and now it seemed that that test would have to wait if Khanya got her way.
Khanya and Pimedus usually work together to take care of the Earth.  Khanya takes her role seriously, and tries her best to maintain the delicate balance in the world.  It is said that Pimedus always wants to wait for nature to take its course, because the universe takes care of itself.  Balancers should only be used to avoid catastrophes on a grand scale.  Their differences in opinion cause many fights between them, but they are usually resolved in time.
There is definitely history between Khanya and Pimedus, though.  I have seen them interact with each other, and while Pimedus seems aloof and Khanya seems disinterested in his aloofness, I have seen the looks they throw at each other when they think no one is looking.
I do not know how much time passed as I sat contemplating everything that had happened and everything I had learned so far.  There were still so many questions that needed answered, and I had no idea who to ask, who had answers, or if there even were any.  So far, my existence had been one big unanswered question after another.  There was still so much to learn as well, because there were many different types of souls with many different powers and abilities.  The biggest question of all was where do I fit in?
Khanya entering my room interrupted my thinking.  Her smile had returned during her absence, but it was more of an encouraging one than a happy one.  I studied her features as she moved toward my bed.  
She was tall with a thin frame, but she had an ample bust, which was accentuated by the v-shaped neckline of her sweater.  Her unblemished skin was a pale yellow-gold color that shimmered and glowed like the sun on a summer day.  The copper colored sequins of her sweater made her skin color stand out even more as they shimmered when she moved.  
Her large, tri-colored eyes had a kindness about them that made one immediately like and trust her.  They shined colors of brown, green, and light brown as she smiled encouragingly at me.  Her sculpted, heart-shaped face housed a set of full, voluptuous lips.  
Her long, flowing, red hair with its black highlights was wavy and shiny and looked like garnets and onyxes were spun into her silky locks. Wisps of curls framed her face making the jade green color stand out among the brown colors in her eyes.  She brushed the wisps behind one delicate, slightly pointed ear as she continued across the room towards me.  
Her long, thin legs showed beneath the hem of her copper colored skirt as she walked across the floor like a graceful dancer.  Her voluptuous hips of her hourglass figure swung side to side as she walked, and I secretly envisioned how mesmerizing the swing of her full bottom would look like from behind.  
She was definitely a beauty, but a dangerous one.  It would be too easy to fall in love with her, and just as easy to spend eternity heartbroken and yearning.  She reserved her love for her planet, the human creatures, and her souls.  Some believed she was secretly in love with Pimedus, but I do not believe she would ever admit it or act on it.
Her smile slipped away, and her brows furrowed together in concern.  “Gatu, are you listening to me?”
I started at her words, not realizing that she had been speaking.  “I’m sorry, Khanya.  I was distracted by your outstanding beauty.”  
She giggled musically and shook her head at me as she replied, “I see your sparkling sense of humor has returned.”  She paused to smile at me before she repeated her earlier statement.  “I said that we have a new visitor coming.  Drysu from Nahastu has never visited Zendawiss, but he is very interested in meeting you.  I am going to hold a welcome banquet for him, and I would like you to sit by my side.”
“Nahastu?  Isn’t that the city of darkness for Jupiter,” I asked?
“Indeed it is”, she answered with a confused smile.  “Someone has been taking lessons.”  She sat down at the foot of my bed, and looked at me expectantly with her eyebrows raised.  I had not taken lessons.   Only the most powerful souls were required to take these lessons.  Other souls could take them upon request.
I fit into neither category, but I had read a few books here and there.  I did not know as of yet if I would be required to take the lessons or not, because Khanya seemed dead set on solving the mystery that is me before committing me to anything.  I had been sent to my second life experimentally to see if I would return to Nochetawah when I returned to the Nether, but then I had remembered everything, which only added to the puzzle of my existence.
There was one soul, however, that seemed to believe I was worthy of learning anything and everything.  My watcher would let me read her books whenever she was studying while we were in Zendawiss.  We would often meet in the courtyard outside the mansion for our reading sessions.  This was as far as I had gotten to taking lessons.
I did not want to get my watcher into trouble for giving me lessons I was not supposed to have, so I simply replied, “I have read a few books I have found lying around.”
 “Ah, I see”, she replied, and her visage relaxed as she continued, “Word of you is spreading fast through the solar system.  I imagine we will get many visitors soon.”
Confusion colored my words as I replied, “what!?  I’ve only been back for a short time!  How did news travel that fast?”
Her face became tense as she replied, “Gatu, you are the one who wanted me to tell Pimedus.  He is as much of a gossip as you are a smart ass.”  
That last comment was true.  I was a smart ass, but it was all in fun.  I had a great sense of humor and was rarely serious, but sometimes it frustrated Khanya.  She wanted me to be more serious at times, but I knew she loved it when I made her laugh no matter how frustrated she became.  I did not reply, only smiled and nodded in confirmation.
“Well.  I think I have taken up enough of your time, and my time is short.  I need to prepare for the banquet, and you need to get ready.”  She said this in a stern manner, and I knew it was more of an order than a request.
“Yes ma’am!”  I gave a mock salute as I answered, and Khanya smiled as she turned and walked out of the room.  I knew that she would have some clothes already laid out for me in the communal dressing room down the hall, and that she would be disappointed if I wore anything else.  I sighed as I rose from the bed and made my way out of the receiving room to the dressing room. 
 I figured Pimedus would probably attend the banquet as well.  He probably had many questions for me.  Just as well, especially if he teamed up with Khanya to help find answers for my situation.  And, why would he not?  He was my creator after all, even if I did live in Zendawiss with Khanya.
I sighed again and ran my fingers through my hair in frustration when I walked into the dressing room and saw what Khanya had left there for me to wear.  
It was going to be a long night.

CHAPTER 2

I glanced in the mirror at my reflection before leaving the dressing room.  It was not my style, but I had to admit I looked good.  I was more of a jeans and t-shirt kind of soul, but the outfit Khanya had picked out for me was definitely not jeans and a t-shirt.  
The black of the suit matched my short, wavy, black hair.  The jacket was slightly open, showing just the top of the white dress shirt.  The color was slightly brighter than my very pale grey skin, and the black bowtie made my skin seem even whiter.  I had seen souls with pure white skin, but my skin was not quite as pure white as theirs was.  There was tiredness in my dark brown eyes that made them seem almost black.  My hair, which usually hung over my eyebrows, was slicked back showing off the sharp angles of my face with its high cheekbones.  I had shaved off the small goatee I usually wore, which made my jawline look even more square than normal.  I did not worry much about it, because my hair grew very fast.  I would be back to my old goateed self in a couple of days. 
“It may not be my style, but I look gooood”, I told my reflection smiling, making my dark eyes sparkle with laughter.  It was true.  I did look good, and I had Khanya to thank for it.  I never would have worn a suit, but the slim lines accentuated my lean muscular body so well that I thought I might wear suits more often.  With this thought, I turned in my patented leather black loafers and headed out of the dressing room for the banquet hall.  
The receiving room I had occupied was located two doors up the hallway from the dressing room.  When a soul was away from their body for any reason, the body was kept in a receiving room until the life force returned to the body.  The whole second floor of Khanya’s mansion consisted of receiving rooms and one communal dressing room in each wing.
Each receiving room was simply designed all in white and gold with only a bed and a chaise lounge.  There was a television and videophone in the room for those who wanted to use them.  A soul could spend as much time as they needed in the receiving room upon their return so that they could reorient themselves and rest.
The communal dressing room was decorated in the same colors of white and gold and contained a dressing table for clothes, a large, gold framed, floor length mirror, and a large gold and glass vanity with a lighted mirror.  There was also a large bathtub with a shower hidden behind an elaborately large dressing screen.  The floor was sectioned off and tiled in this area, and the rest of the floor was done in plush white carpeting that never seemed to get dirty.
When I left the dressing room, I turned the opposite way of the receiving room I had occupied and headed for the large staircase that separated the wings of each floor.   The third and fourth floors were laid out the same way as the second, and the fifth floor was reserved for Khanya’s private living quarters.  No one except Pimedus and Khanya’s apprentice had had the honor of seeing Khanya’s private quarters.  Pimedus often held private conferences with Khanya, and they usually went up to her private office for those meetings.  
Khanya’s apprentice (who also served as my watcher) had her own private quarters on the same floor in the opposite wing.  It was very unusual for an apprentice to serve as a watcher, but I was apparently a very unusual soul.  Since my Earth life was experimental, Khanya felt it best that her apprentice be assigned to watch over me in case of any odd happenings.
The first floor, which is where I was headed, consisted of the servants’ kitchen, living quarters for the souls (mostly retired) who worked in Khanya’s mansion as servants, and a communal gathering room in the west wing.  This is also where my living quarters were located for now.
The banquet hall took up the whole east wing except for the large kitchen where the servants prepared the feasts for the banquets and cooked daily meals for Khanya and her apprentice.   I also helped in the kitchen when needed during my free time and had found that I loved to cook.
As I walked into the banquet hall, I immediately began scanning the area for Khanya or Pimedus.  One whole side of the massive room was taken up with exceptionally long dining tables dressed with fancy white tablecloths and golden chairs with comfortable white cushions.  The middle of the room was a large, white carpeted walkway that led to the huge bar where bartenders ran back and forth making drinks for thirsty souls.  The other side of the room boasted an elaborate dance floor and massive French doors that led out to the mansion’s fragrant courtyard garden full of beautifully colored flowers, fountains, statues, benches and square shaped hedges that surrounded the whole space.
Every dining table was full of deliciously fragrant foods, and many souls were already enjoying the feast.  I spotted Khanya after a moment, sitting at the head of one of the tables laughing at something someone had said.  I could hear her lilting laughter all the way across the room, and it made me smile.  I started to walk over to her, hoping that my watcher would be with her, but was taken aback by a dark skinned figure sitting to her right instead.
When I say dark skinned, I mean his skin was completely black.  As I approached the table, he glanced up at me with eerie solid white eyes.  There was no pupil, no irises, just two white orbs setting inside his eyelids.  He smiled and lifted his top hat off his head as Khanya introduced me, revealing solid white hair that matched his white moustache and goatee.  The suit he wore was white as well, with black trim, and matched the top hat that he placed back upon his head.  He stood leaning on a skull- headed cane, and extended his small hand with its slender fingers for me to shake.
I shook his hand and tried to keep my face neutral, but what I really wanted to do was scream and run away.  He was a small man with a skinny frame, so his size was not intimidating.  What creeped me out was his eyes and his solid black skin.  I had never seen a soul quite like him before.  I gave him my hand and he shook it softly.  He had soft hands like a woman, and his handshake was gentle.  
“It is very nice to meet you, Gatu”, he said to me as I shook his hand.  His voice was high-pitched and nasally.  It reminded me of a cartoon villain, and I almost giggled as I thought this.  His cartoon villain voice and his womanly soft hands erased the fear I had felt at first and was replaced with carefully contained laughter as I envisioned Drysu in cartoon form.
Barely keeping it together, I responded, “You must be Drysu from Nahastu, dark city of the planet Jupiter.”
Khanya could definitely hear the laughter in my voice, because I saw her stern expression and slight shake of her head as I glanced her way.  She was clearly telling me to behave myself, but I caught a slight twinge of laughter in her eyes as well.
I cleared my throat and sat down, nodding at Khanya as I said, “thank you for saving me a seat.”
She smiled as she responded, “of course, Gatu.  As I said before, I want you at my side tonight.”
I wanted to ask where Pimedus was, but I did not.   Instead, I addressed Drysu, wanting to know more about him and question him for any information he may have.  “So, it is nice to meet you Drysu.  I am hoping that you may be able to help me.”
He did not respond right away, but just looked at me with those white orbs as if I were his next meal.  I tried hard to sit still and not fidget as he replied in that adenoidal voice, “so, you are the soul everyone is talking about.  The one who remembers all.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat before answering, “Yep, that’s me.”  Even though I was slightly agitated, my voice was sarcastic.
Khanya gave me a sharp look as she entered the conversation.  “Yes, Drysu, this is he.  The situation is unique to my knowledge.  We are trying to determine if there are any other souls like him, and, if so, meet these souls so we may learn more about this new ability.”
Drysu sat back in his chair as he removed his top hat and placed it on the table beside his empty plate.  He fidgeted with the skull head on his cane as he replied, “Khanya, I have never heard of this happening to any souls.  I am not even sure if this is really happening at all.”
She stared at him in confusion, and I took a sip of wine to calm my nerves.  Was he calling me a liar?  Khanya responded before I could say anything.  “I am not sure what you mean Drysu.  Are you saying we are not being truthful?”
“Not you, Khanya, no,” he answered, looking at me sharply.  
I narrowed my eyes at him, anger overshadowing the intimidation I had felt.  “I am not a liar”, I responded a little too loudly, causing the souls around us to turn their heads in curiosity.
I saw it before it happened.  I saw Khanya’s tri colored eyes swirl, the colors merging to make her eyes shine a molten gold.  Her anger was getting the better of her as she snapped, “listen, you sniveling little twit!  You have 30 seconds to explain yourself before I get really angry!”
I had been busy taking another sip of wine, waiting to see what Khanya would say to this skinny little man.  I had not expected that response.  A surge of laughter bubbled up my throat, and I almost spit out the wine.  I choked a little as it slid down my throat, and I quickly put my napkin in front of my face to hide the laughter that threatened to burst forth from my lips.  It came out as a choking sound as the wine slid down the wrong way in the back of my throat, and I coughed a few times before grabbing a glass of water to wash down the wine.
Meanwhile, Drysu was shifting uncomfortably in his seat, still fidgeting with his cane.  I could see the humiliation on his face as he put one hand out in a calming gesture toward Khanya.  “Please, do not get mad.  Let me explain.” 
 Khanya was watching me struggling not to choke, and the absurdity at hearing me try to stifle my laughter with coughs seemed to turn her anger to humor.  The corners of her mouth twitched as she quickly stifled a smile and Drysu continued, “Everyone knows that you and Pimedus are constantly fighting over the balancing of your planet.  I know Pimedus, not you, is this soul’s creator, yet he lives here.  Pimedus has staged this whole situation.  There is no mystery here.  There is simply Pimedus and Gatu plotting behind your back to get rid of you and take over leadership of the planet.”
I sat in stunned silence as his words sank in.  Was he really saying that I was in league with Pimedus in a plot to destroy Khanya and take over Earth?  The smile that had begun to form on Khanya’s face faded, and the laughter that had threatened to come died in my chest.  
Drysu just sat there, a look of smug satisfaction on his face.  “I see that this thought had not occurred to you, Khanya.  Look at him, sitting there trying to act as if he is surprised.  Or, maybe he is surprised that someone figured out his scheming ways.”
Anger came to me suddenly.  The brown color in my eyes turned black.  I knew they had, because I could feel it.  I could feel the power surging up from my feet all the way to the top of my head.  I could feel my power coming to me like a child coming into its mother’s arms.  Like coming home.  It wrapped itself around me, inside me, and filled me up to the brim.  
I began to float, to actually rise from my chair into the air.  The air around me became a breeze that played with the short curls in my hair and whipped them around my head in a black dance.  I could feel the air, feel it respond to my thoughts, as it became a strong gust of wind that left me and headed straight for Drysu, still sitting stunned in his chair.  Before he could respond, the wind slammed into him, knocking him and the chair backward and into the floor.
Khanya was on her feet in a hurry, rushing not to him, but to me and placing her hands on my feet as I floated above her.  “Gatu!  Control yourself NOW!”  
Her voice cut into my concentration, and I fell unceremoniously to the ground beside my chair.  My breath was coming in short gasps as I tried to understand what had happened.  I had called the air!  I had called it to me and it had done my bidding!  
Khanya, I could see, was just as surprised as I was.  Her eyes had turned back to their original tri colors, and they held a look of concern as she gazed down at me sitting on my butt on the floor.  “Are you hurt?”  Her voice held the same concern as her eyes, and she reached a hand down to help me from the floor.  
I raised my hand to grasp hers, but I was dragged to my feet by a hand that had fastened around my throat.  Neither Khanya nor I had seen Drysu get up from where he had fallen.  We had not seen him dive under the table for me and grab me by my throat.  We had not realized the strength that his small body possessed as he raised me to my feet, off the floor, and above his head with one hand.
“You just made a really bad mistake, boy”, Drysu said as he held me aloft.  His voice had gone deep and cold and fear snaked down my body.  I was too surprised to respond, but my body struggled instinctively as I hung above Drysu’s head, his surprisingly strong grip tightening on my throat.  
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Khanya start forward, but was taken aback by something she had seen across the room.  She let out a small gasp, and everyone in the room stopped talking all at once, as the booming voice rang across the hall.
“Put him down!”
Drysu’s grip immediately loosened enough for me to take a breath, but he did not drop me.  Instead, he lowered me slowly to the ground, released me, and stepped back away from me.  Silence fell all around, and Khanya slid up beside me, putting a protective arm around my shoulders as she guided me away from Drysu.
Every eye in the room was turned to the door, but I did not have to look to know who had come to my rescue.  I knew the voice of my maker.
Pimedus stood in the doorway of the banquet hall, his domineering presence almost taking up the whole doorway.  A look of outrage shone on his athletic, chiseled features, and rage smoldered in his icy blue eyes.  His full lips curled into a snarl, and his hands balled up into fists.  He began to move towards us, his stride hurried in anger making his long trench coat billow out behind him.  His white dreadlocks bounced around his face in stark contrast to his dark gray skin.  He was huge, powerful, and all toned muscle as he strode across the floor towards our table.
Most of the females in the room stared longingly as he passed by, but the males shrank back in fear as his anger hurried him along.  Drysu began to back away from Khanya and me as Pimedus drew closer to where we stood.  
“What is the meaning of this”, Pimedus bellowed as he reached us?!
Drysu stuttered an answer, “I….he…I was…. And then he…”
Pimedus stepped around us, and moved closer to Drysu.  He got so close to Drysu’s long, pointed nose that Drysu had to shrink back even more.  “Do not even try to fib, you simpleton!  I have very good scouts and they told me everything you have said to Khanya and Gatu.”
Scouts were the spies of the Nether.  Every leader had one or two scouts that would watch over the happenings in the other city or on the planets.
Drysu did not respond, but I could see his white eyes darkening.  I saw color swirl into them, like milk when you stir in the chocolate.  “Pimedus!  Watch out, he’s calling his powers”, I shouted as I moved out of Khanya's protective embrace!
But it was too late.
Before anyone could do anything, Drysu disappeared in a swirl of smoke and shadows.  
It did not work for me.  I could still see him, and I pointed at the great French doors.   “He’s trying to escape into the garden”, I called as Pimedus glanced my way!
Pimedus moved first, but Khanya stayed still.  She simply swiped her hand toward the doors and they closed with a resounding BOOM!  Pimedus ran across the floor toward Drysu, following Drysu’s every movement.  Pimedus had the same ability as me, so he could still see Drysu as well. 
Drysu reached the doors, but they would not open for him.  He was still hiding in his ball of darkness, but he could not hide from Pimedus or me.  Pimedus reached him and grabbed him by the throat, much as he had me moments ago.  
“Give me one reason why I should not kill you for trying to hurt my son and filling khanya’s head full of lies!”  His voice was quietly husky, yet everyone in the room could hear him through the complete silence.
I just stood there in complete disbelief.  Pimedus had never referred to me as his son.  Yes, I was his creation, and, yes, he came and visited me often, but I never knew he cared to such extent.  He had always seemed aloof and indifferent.  He paid attention to me, listening to my questions and answering to the best of his ability, but he had never shown any interest in my well-being or shown any affection at all.  Maybe that was just Pimedus’s way.  Maybe he was simply indifferent to everything and cared a little more than he let on.
Khanya stepped back next to me once more, her face serene and calm as she stated, “no one is killing anyone in my banquet hall.”
Pimedus turned on her in disbelief.  “Are you taking up for this asshole?!”
Drysu’s black skin began to turn a shade of blue as Pimedus still held onto his neck.  His long thin fingers clawed at Pimedus’s large hand trying to loosen his hold, but Pimedus held on fast.  
Khanya looped her arm around mine and began moving toward the two men, taking me with her.  I hesitated a moment, but Khanya’s grip on my arm tightened and I moved with her.  She spoke calmly to Pimedus as we moved.  “Pimedus, I am not taking up for anyone.  I simply do not want any trouble at the moment.”
Her eyes made a scan around the room, and Pimedus followed suit.  A look of understanding emerged in his ice blue eyes as he saw all the souls standing around watching in fear or curiosity.  He released his hold on Drysu’s neck, but kept a hold on his arm so he could not run away.  “Fine”, he replied as he pulled Drysu up to stand by his side.  “We will take this discussion elsewhere.  Somewhere more private.”
Even though Drysu was tall, the size difference between him and Pimedus was very noticeable.  Not only was Pimedus much larger in body, but he towered over Drysu in height as well.  Drysu’s skin became black once more as he gasped for much needed air.  He pulled himself up to his full height as he said, “very well.  I was only defending myself against the boy.  He called up his power against me, and, as you very well know, that can be taken as a challenge.”
Pimedus’s eyebrows shot up questionably as he looked at me.  I answered his questioning gaze.  “I didn’t mean to.  I didn’t even know I could do that.  Hell, I don’t even know what I did.”  I shrugged my shoulders at that last statement and lowered my eyes in shame to the floor.  I was telling the truth.  I had no idea what had just happened.  It all happened so fast that my body just responded on instinct.  I knew the air had come to me, and that it had answered and responded to my silent commands, but I had no idea how or if I could do it again.
Pimedus took in a huge breath of air and blew it back out.  He nodded his head in acknowledgement as he looked to Drysu.  “Fine then, I understand that you felt as if you were being attacked.  However, you heard the boy.  He didn’t mean any harm.  He is a new soul, still learning, and he has some powers that we obviously don’t know about, and it would seem neither does he.”
Pimedus released his hold on Drysu and he walked indignantly over to our table, retrieved his top hat and cane, and came back over to where we were standing before responding.  “I think we should move to a more private location as Khanya has suggested,” was all he said as he made a gesture for us to show him the way.
Khanya nodded her agreement and moved toward the banquet hall door, still holding onto my arm and taking me with her.  Drysu followed us, Pimedus trailing behind him, and we all made our way out of the doors to the banquet hall and into the first floor hallway.  As we exited the doors, I heard the crowd explode into noise again.  Excited whispers and voices came through the door as we closed it, and I caught a few voices talking about what had just happened.
Great, I thought, now everyone in the solar system will know that I attacked a leader at his own honor banquet.  I could not worry about that now, however, because I was being led up the stairs past the second, third, and fourth floors.  I was about to see Khanya’s private quarters for the first time!
As I stepped onto the landing on the fifth floor, I immediately began looking at my surroundings.  It was not every day that a simple soul was able to see the fifth floor of Khanya’s mansion.  We entered through a large arch-shaped door into Khanya's living room.  It was richly furnished with two white couches, three red recliners, a wooden coffee table in the center, and a huge viewing screen.  I could not tell if it was a television or a large video phone, and I did not have time to look closely as Khanya led us out of the living room and into a hallway on the opposite side of the room.  
I was obviously not going to have time to take everything in as I was being led around too swiftly to stop and look, so I gave up trying and just followed Khanya down the hallway.  We stopped at the last door on the right of the large, long hallway.  Khanya opened the door and stepped through, taking me with her.  She waited for the men to step in before closing the door and releasing her hold on my arm.  She hovered protectively close at my side as I took a minute to look around the room.
This must be Khanya's private office.  There was a huge desk right in the center of the room.  It was oak with books piled here and there on its surface.  A large office chair sat empty behind the desk, and a lone picture sat in the midst of the stacks of books.  I did not know who was in the picture, because the back of the picture was to me. 
There was a huge bay window on the wall behind the desk, and there were large white comfortable looking cushions placed in the large sill.  It looked like an inviting place to sit and read one of the many books that sat on the desk.
There were potted plants in the corners of the room, and to the right side of the desk, a cherry red colored couch was placed against the wall with end tables on each end and a coffee table in front and centered.
To the left of the room is where Khanya led us all.  Here sat a round table that was the same oak as the desk with red plush office chairs all around it and a large bouquet of red roses in the center.  Each setting had a carafe and a glass placed on a coaster.  This must be the conference area I thought to myself as Khanya walked across the white plush carpet and sat in one of the chairs at the table.
Pimedus, Drysu, and I followed suit, and Khanya looked at us all in turn as she hit a tiny button on a little machine that sat in front of her on the table.  It was an intercom, I realized as Khanya spoke into the tiny square box keeping her finger on the button.
“Can we get some drinks in the conference room, please,” she asked into the box?
The voice that answered sent shivers of nervousness up and down my spine.  “Yes, ma’am”, the voice answered simply in the most beautiful melodious tone I had ever heard.
It was her!  She was here!  Khanya's apprentice.  My watcher.  The soul that had captured my heart the moment I had laid eyes upon her when I first came to consciousness in Zendawiss.
Bellesa…  
She had been in the receiving room when Khanya had come to greet me after my first life had ended.  I was in a state of shock and pain, not knowing what had happened and not knowing where I was.  I had been in a state of panic at first, but the moment I opened my eyes and looked into her eyes my panic and pain was replaced with desire.
I remember thinking that she was the most unusual and beautiful creature I had ever seen, and that I would do anything to have her as my own.  I had never gotten the chance to speak with her at that first meeting, because Khanya had taken up my time explaining and teaching me about Zendawiss and the Nether and life on Earth outside the Nether.  She had sent Bellesa away after only a brief introduction, and I had not seen her again until quite some time later.
Khanya had set my living area up in the servant’s quarters when I first came to Zendawiss to await the construction of my permanent home or wait for one to come available.  Usually, there would be a house already prepared for a new soul, but I was not supposed to have come to Zendawiss, so my actual home had been prepared in Nochetawah.   At the time of my arrival all the houses in Zendawiss were full, besides that Khanya had wanted to keep me at the mansion for a while where she could keep an eye on me, since it was not very common for a dark soul to turn into a light soul.  
I still did not have a permanent home in Zendawiss, but that was okay by me since I was able to see Bellesa often.  I would usually find her either in the banquet hall or in the courtyard outside the banquet hall.  She came out to the courtyards often to sit and read or study and I would take the opportunity to talk with her and she would read to me and teach me many things.
I had gotten to know her quite well, and we were quickly becoming close friends.  I wanted more, but I had never told her.  To this day, I have still not told her my true feelings.  Bellesa was dedicated to her job because, as Khanya's apprentice, Bellesa would take over for Khanya when Khanya retired.  I did not know how to approach her to tell her how I felt about her.  Every time I tried, my throat closed up and my heart raced and I chickened out. 
Just being near her made my pulse race, and I was always so awkward and nervous.  How could I ever find the nerve to tell her I loved her?
The door to the office opened and she glided into the room, and that nervous feeling of desire and trepidation came over me as I watched her walk toward the table.
Her skin shimmered in the pearlescent colors of pastel pink, blue, and yellow like the inside of an abalone shell.  Her silvery white hair was put up in a braid that wrapped around her head.  She held a tray with four carafes in her delicate yet strong hands.  She balanced it with seeming ease as she glided gracefully toward the table.
I took her in quickly, those long shapely legs, her small waist and curved hips, and rounded perky breasts that I could use as pillows if only she would let me.  She was wearing a long, white silk dress that showed off her curves with its skintight bodice and sweetheart neckline.  There was a large slit up the side that gave a peek of one shapely leg as she walked across the room.  Her large, luminous pearl pink colored eyes landed on me, and her full pouty lips turned up into a smile.  It lit up her whole heart shaped face, making her cute little nose wrinkle up with delight.
I loved it that she looked at me like that, and I returned her delightful smile with one of my own.  I nodded my head in acknowledgment as she drew nearer, and she smiled even more as she returned my nod.  I saw Khanya frown out of the corner of my eye, and wondered why she disapproved of my relationship with Bellesa.  
Khanya had made it clear that she did not want me to have any dealings with Bellesa other than business.  I had thought it strange, but I never questioned Khanya about it.  I was afraid of what the answer might be.  Did she think me not good enough for Bellesa, especially since I really did not belong here in the first place?  Most souls did not have personal relationships with their watchers, so maybe it was forbidden?
Whatever the reasoning behind it, I cast my eyes downward to the table before Khanya could say anything about it.  I glanced up quickly in Pimedus’s direction, and he was looking at Bellesa and me questioningly.  I gave him a look that I hoped he would understand silently imploring him not to question the situation.  He nodded, gave me a “we will talk later” look, and turned his icy blue gaze to Khanya.
“Are you going to tell me what the hell just happened out there”, he asked Khanya as Bellesa placed one of the carafes in front of him and took up the empty one?   He poured himself a glass of the red wine as he waited for Khanya's answer.
Bellesa moved to replace Khanya's carafe, and Khanya answered Pimedus’s question with one of her own.  “Are you going to tell me if there is any truth to what Drysu said?”
Shock and hurt came over my face as I turned my gaze to her.  I felt as though someone had punched me in the stomach, and tears threatened to burst forth from my eyes.  She really thought that I might be in league with Pimedus to kill her and take over Earth?!  What made it worse is that I felt hurt over it.  
I actually cared about Khanya's opinion of me.  I had grown to care for Khanya in my time in Zendawiss, and had begun to think of her as my own leader.  I mean, of course she was, but Pimedus was my true leader.  However, in my time here I had come to feel like I belonged here after all, and to hear Khanya accuse me of treachery when I had finally felt at home hurt my heart immensely.  
I would not cry!
I would not show her how much that had hurt.  If that is the way she felt, then so be it.  I would not give her the satisfaction of knowing that it had hurt me.  Maybe I would see if I could travel to the dark plane with Pimedus after this meeting was over.  Some souls that had light and dark energies had the ability to travel to the opposite planes, and Pimedus believed that I had a mix of energies inside me.  Maybe I could too.  I would probably fit in better in Nochetawah anyway.
That thought flew out of my mind as Bellesa leaned over me to replace my empty carafe with the last full one on the tray, and her silvery white hair brushed my cheek.  She was so close that if I turned my head I would have been able to kiss the soft skin of her neck just below her jawline.  My heart leapt to my throat and desire flooded my entire body.  I could smell her sweet scent, jasmine and lavender and the forest right after a rain.  I would never be able to leave Bellesa.  I felt her hot breath against my ear as she whispered something to me as she began to move away.
I was so caught up in her touch and her scent that I almost did not catch what she said softly into my ear.  “Gatu, don’t worry.  Khanya thinks very highly of you.  She’s just trying to get a rise out of Pimedus.”
Relief flooded through me at her words.  Obviously, Khanya had succeeded, because Pimedus rose from his chair and placed his hands angrily on the table in front of him.  “You are going to take the word of this…this…skinny little shit over mine?!!”  
Khanya seemed unmoved, but I could see the brown and green colors swirling in her eyes.  “Pimedus, I am not taking sides over anything, nor am I accusing anyone of anything.”  She looked directly at me when she said this, and I could see the kindness and understanding in the swirling colors of her eyes.  “I am simply asking you a question based on what Drysu has told me.  I can tell you this, however,” and she looked at Drysu as she continued, “there is no way Pimedus could have staged the fact that Gatu can remember all of his lives, and that he is aware of who he really is while he is in human form.  Pimedus may have his faults, but Gatu is innocent.”
Pimedus sat down, a contemplating look replacing the anger on his chiseled features.  “Khanya, you know that I do not wish harm to our planet.  No matter how many rumors are floating around stating that I don’t care, they are just that… rumors.”
This statement took me by surprise.  So, Pimedus really did care.  I had never asked him about the stories I had heard on this matter, because our visits were usually spent talking about what I had been doing with my time in Zendawiss.  I did not say anything, however, and was happy to just keep silent and listen in this meeting. 
I did not want a repeat of what had happened in the banquet hall, and with Drysu and his accusations it was a possibility.  I was not a master of my temper yet, and I had no idea what other surprise powers may be waiting in the shadows of my soul.
Drysu’s grating, high-pitched voice interrupted my thoughts.  “These accusations as you put it are not something that I just simply made up from my own head.  The whole solar system is talking about it.  Surely you have heard.”
Pimedus’s steely gaze shot back to the dark-skinned man.  “No, I have not heard.  Don’t you think you should have just simply asked instead of making accusations right away?”
Drysu squirmed in his seat, fiddling with the skull head of his cane.  I deduced that this was a nervous gesture, and he seemed very nervous at that moment under Pimedus’s scrutinizing gaze.  “Yes, I suppose maybe I did handle the situation badly.”
“Badly”, Pimedus bellowed?!  “You nearly killed Gatu, and you insulted Khanya in her own home by making trouble!”
Drysu continued fiddling with his skull head as he turned to me and said, “Gatu, I apologize.  I realize now that you may not be in control of your powers.  Khanya, I apologize to you as well for making trouble in your home.”
I said nothing, only nodded my head, my gaze remaining passive and unemotional.  Khanya, however, responded, “I accept your apology Drysu.  Now, please tell us what kind of rumors you have heard regarding this situation.”
Drysu cleared his throat and leaned his cane against the table before answering.  “As I said before, there is speculation that Pimedus created Gatu with the intention of creating a disturbance in the balance of your planet.  It is said that Pimedus wishes to take over leadership of Earth in order to create a new and more powerful Earth that could possibly outgrow Sun City in power.  It is speculated that his intention is to take over the solar system as ruler and place his most powerful creation,” he nodded his head toward me and then continued, “as ruler of Earth.  It is said that Gatu was created to be totally obedient to Pimedus, and that Pimedus will create more souls like him to rule all the other planets in the solar system and eliminate the other leaders starting with you, Khanya.”
Pimedus’s bellowing laughter surprised us all.  Even Khanya jumped a little in her seat before quickly regaining her composure.  She cast a stern look upon Pimedus and said, “what in the hell is so funny?”  I knew Khanya was beginning to get angry again, because that is the only time I had ever heard her curse.
Pimedus continued to laugh, and Drysu once again picked up his cane and began to fondle the skull head.  After a few seconds, Pimedus caught his breath as his laughter subsided and said, “That is the funniest thing I have heard in a century!  Drysu, you know damn well that I do not even want to rule the Earth.  Why in the hell would I try for the entire solar system?  That is more your style.”  His voice had grown dangerously gruff and taut at this last statement, and his eyes darkened to a sapphire blue.  The laughter had gone completely from his face to be replaced with a dark anger.
Silence fell around the table.  I looked at Pimedus and said nothing as he made a low guttural sound before looking angrily away from Drysu.  I felt completely out of place at that moment, and I fidgeted a little in my seat.  There was something going on here that I was not a part of, and from the look on Pimedus’s face, I did not want to be.  
He brushed one huge hand across his head, moving a couple of stray dreadlocks away that had fallen down into his face.  He became suddenly sullen as he sat there staring at the wall in the awkward silence around the table.
I knew a little of Pimedus’s history because he had told me.  My face showed nothing as I remembered the story Pimedus had told me.  He had told me he was created in Pluto (the dark city of the solar system) and that he became very powerful very quickly.  His creator took a special interest in him, and he had told me of his love for his creator and how he had been offered the position of apprentice.  
He had done his job well and took his role seriously.  His leader taught him how to create souls, and Pimedus had created a very powerful one.  He fell in love with his own creation, but she had fallen for another.  He became so heartbroken and depressed that his leader had replaced him because he could no longer efficiently do his job.
The problem was that Pimedus’s replacement was the very soul that his creation had fallen for.  Pimedus had gotten into an unfortunate confrontation with his creator over this, and in a fit of rage and jealousy, he had killed his creator.  He regretted his actions immediately, but was sent to trial in Sun City in front of Divine Oracle, the light leader of the solar system.  She had taken pity on Pimedus when he had told his story and begged forgiveness, and he had been sent to rule over the planet Earth that, at the time, was brand new and had just been created.
That is all I knew of his story.  He never told me what happened to his creation or the soul she had fallen for.  He was here as a punishment, but Pimedus apparently did not want to rule anywhere.  He simply wanted to be left alone to brood in peace.
It was Drysu who broke the silence, his high-pitched voice echoing through the silent room, “I am sorry Pimedus.  I know that you were forced to come here, but be that as it may, there are still unanswered questions here.  How is he gaining all these new powers and remembering his lives?  How is he retaining his Netheral consciousness while he occupies a Planetal body?  And, most importantly, what are you two going to do with him?”
I looked at Drysu in surprise.  How did he know about Pimedus’s history?  Pimedus had told me his story in confidence, and as far as I knew no one else but those involved knew the whole story.  I was growing tired of sitting silently, however, so I decided I would speak up for myself for a change.  
Before Khanya or Pimedus could respond, I stood up and said, “I don’t know why I am the way I am.  I don’t know if there are any others out there like me.  I thought you came here to help us figure it out, yet you come here with rumors and heresy and lies.”
“Gatu”, Pimedus scolded, “let’s not repeat what happened earlier, please.” His gaze turned to Drysu, who was still nervously playing with his cane.  “As far as what we intend to do with Gatu?  Well, I’d say that we have a unique and powerful soul to train.  I don’t know what kind of abilities he possesses, so I’m not too sure what we can train him to do.  I do know, however, that he needs training as soon as possible.”
“Does he possess oppositional travel”, Drysu asked?  Oppositional travel was the ability to travel to the opposite energy field.  In other words, a light soul could travel through dark energy fields and vice versa.  Normally this was not so, but a soul that possessed both energies could possibly naturally possess this ability. 
Pimedus answered, “We don’t know.  We aren’t sure what abilities he possesses.  We suspect he may have both energies inside of him, but we have not tested the theory yet.”
Drysu looked disbelieving as he said, “Pimedus, you created him.  Surely you know what abilities you gave him.”
Pimedus’s eyes darkened in anger, and he answered Drysu speaking through his clenched jaws. “That is the problem, you idiot.  We have no idea how he is gaining these powers and abilities.”
“Not to mention”, Khanya's voice cut in as she gave Pimedus a chiding look.  “This ability to retain memory and awareness in the Planetal plane is new.  As far as we know, no soul has this ability.”
“This is all very interesting”, Drysu said with a sly look in his eyes.
I thought I might know where this conversation was going, and I did not like it at all.  Before he could even ask or say anything else, I said, “I am definitely not going home with you if that is what you are thinking.  Besides, I would have to have the Planetal travel ability as well as oppositional travel.”  
Planetal travel was the ability to travel to different planets and their cities.  Normally, a soul could only travel to their own planets and it’s cities unless the Divine Oracle (the leader of the solar system) created a portal for the soul.  This was usually only done for souls who wanted to retire in a different city, souls who were sent to other cities for various reasons, or souls who had to answer to crimes in the Divine Oracle’s court.
“Pity”, Drysu answered, feigning disappointment.  “There is so much I could teach you.”
“You mean so many ways you could use him for your own gain”, Pimedus interjected angrily.  His voice grew dangerously low as he continued, “don’t think I do not know what kind of soul you are, Drysu, you weasely snake.”
Khanya loudly cleared her throat and stood up from her seat.  I was already standing, but both men stood up as well in proper fashion.  Khanya said, “Gentlemen, I think this meeting needs to come to a close before my office gets destroyed.  You two simply cannot speak without angering the other, therefore let us just call it over for the time being.”  
She paused a moment to make sure she had everyone’s attention.  When no one seemed to want to argue, she continued, “Drysu, you are welcome to stay in the guest quarters.  Bellesa will show you the way since they are located right next to her private quarters.”  
Alarm bells went off in my head at this statement.  I did not like the idea of this soul staying so close to Bellesa.  I had no time to argue the fact, however, because Khanya continued without pause.  “Pimedus, I think it is time that you returned to Nochetawah.  If any new occurrences come to light, I will be sure to contact you right away.”
Pimedus did not argue.  He simply bowed politely to Khanya, threw a scathing look at Drysu, gave me a wink and a wave of his hand, and turned and walked out the door.  Bellesa gestured to Drysu to follow, and they walked out the door as well.   I moved to follow, but Bellesa gave a small shake of her head and I stayed where I was. 
I took a minute to look around at the books on the desk and out the large window, feigning interest in my surroundings.  Khanya walked over and sat in the chair behind the desk and began leafing through one of the books.
“Do you need anything else from me, Khanya”, I asked after a moment of awkward silence?
“No, Gatu, you may take your leave”, she answered softly and continued to stare at the book in her hands.
I walked out of the office quickly and down the hallway to the sitting room.   I walked out into the main hallway of the mansion and went for the stairway, but when I got there instead of going down the stairs, I kept walking straight ahead.  I do not know why I felt so uneasy about Drysu staying so close to Bellesa, but I decided to follow my gut and look for Bellesa to make sure she was safe.
I knew Bellesa was a powerful soul, but I had thought Drysu weak until he had picked me up from the floor with one hand.  That had taught me not to underestimate him, and I was not about to make that mistake with Bellesa’s safety on the line.  I kept walking past the stairs and passed many doors on both sides of the hallway.  I tried each door and found them locked.
I had no idea what doors went where since I had never been to this floor, so I simply kept trying all the doors until I made it to the very end of the hallway where a set of great double glass doors led out onto a large balcony.  These were the only doors that were unlocked.
I went out the doors onto the balcony leaving the doors wide open, and just looked down at Zendawiss.  I stood there pondering my situation and going over things in my head.  I thought about the last statements in the meeting with my leaders and Drysu, how they had spoken of different abilities.  
I knew that souls possessed certain powers and abilities given to them by their creator to help with the balance on the Planetal plane; however, certain abilities are given to a soul so they can perform certain jobs.  For instance, oppositional travel is given to souls so that (if they choose) they can become balancers or even watchers.  
Most souls are planeswalkers, souls that travel to the Planetal plane to live in the vessels of their planet (like humans on earth) to help keep the balance.  This ability (planeswalking) is given to all souls no matter what, because all souls are required to live at least one life during training.  
Some souls, like Bellesa, are created to be apprentices, and are given all the abilities (save a few) like their leaders.  They usually do not live lives on the planet except for the required one life during training. 
Some abilities can be learned, and so some jobs can be taken as a choice.  For example, I could ask to learn the ability solitary planeswalking.  This ability is the ability to travel to the Planetal plane without the need for a vessel.  Normally, a soul would have to be placed into a human body to travel to the Planetal plane of earth.  However, I could learn how to travel to that plane in my soul body.  This could be useful if I wanted to become a watcher or a scout. 
I had no idea what abilities I might possess, or how to find out; therefore, I had no idea what kind of job I may want to do in the future.  At this point, I would just be happy to get answers about myself and these strange powers I kept developing.
A slight sound behind me caught my attention, and I turned guiltily, thinking Khanya had caught me in a part of the mansion where I was not supposed to be. This was not the case.
My heart leapt into my throat, and my eyes widened in fear.  Drysu stood in the doorway, an evil gleam in his solid white eyes.

CHAPTER 3

  He was leaning on the cane with one arm, and the other arm was hidden behind the door.   My back was to the railing of the balcony, so I could not back up any further.  
I tried to keep the fear out of my voice as I asked, “What do you want?”
He did not answer right away.  He just kept looking at me with that look that made my mouth go dry with dread.  Finally, he answered, “I was looking for you, actually.”  His irritating voice was laced with menace.
I swallowed the lump in my throat before responding, “I’m not going with you.”
He chuckled wickedly as he answered, “oh, but I think you are.”  He pulled the arm that had been hidden behind the doorway to reveal his long thin fingers clutched around a mother-of –pearl colored arm.
My heart beat rapidly in my chest as anger mixed with trepidation.  I began to tremble with emotion, as he pulled Bellesa further into view.  As she came fully into view, the fear I had felt disappeared to be replaced with a pure white-hot rage.
She slumped weakly against the doorway as she went limp in Drysu’s hold.  Her eyes were half closed, one of them swollen shut and turning purple.  Her braid had fallen from her head and was hanging loose over one shoulder.  She staggered, barely able to stand, as she struggled against Drysu’s hold.
“Let her go.”  My voice was taut and thick with anger and dangerously calm.  I could feel the color in my eyes start to lighten, the black pools of my eyes turning chocolate brown.  The angrier I got, the lighter they got.  I felt a brush of power climb up my legs, into my stomach, filling up my entire body.  I focused on not losing control as I had done in the banquet hall, because I did not want to accidently hurt Bellesa any further than she was already hurt.
Drysu did not let her go.  Instead, he pulled her to his chest with her back to him.  He let go of her arm to wrap his arm around her waist.  The other arm brought the cane up to press it against her neck to keep her from struggling.  I could see her one eye that was still open, the pink color turning darker and darker until it looked like the color of blood.  
Drysu must have felt something, because he said, “if you try to call your powers, I will kill you where you stand.”  To confirm his statement, he gave the cane a sharp jerk.  The bottom of the cane fell away with a swooshing sound, revealing a knife that had been hidden inside.  The skull head of the cane was actually the handle of the knife.  
He pressed the knife to her neck, and she whimpered in fear.  Her swollen eye began to get better as I watched, but as the knife pressed further into her neck, her eyes changed back to pink.  She had been trying to heal herself, and had almost succeeded before Drysu had stopped her with the knife.  
It became harder to control my temper.  The power that threatened to burst forth from my body became harder to hold.  I could feel my eyes becoming the color of sand when it is wet.  I closed my eyes to try to gain control of my body, and I could see light behind my eyes.  I opened my eyes and looked down at my hands in wonder as I saw that my whole body was glowing with power. 
“Please, don’t hurt her”, I pleaded.  “I am not doing this on purpose.  I’m trying to stop it.”
Drysu didn’t look convinced, and I saw a small drop of blood drip from the tip of the knife as he answered, “It sure doesn’t look like you are controlling it.  If you do not stop now, I swear she will die.”
I closed my eyes tightly, trying to tamp down the power that filled me up.  I took a deep breath to try to calm my rapidly beating heart.  Nothing was working.  The power continued, begging to be released from my body.  Tears began to fall from my eyes and down my cheeks.  
I opened my eyes, let Bellesa see that I was losing control, let her see the sorrow and regret I felt at not being able to save her.  “Bellesa….”  Her name was a hoarse whisper as I continued to struggle.  
She simply smiled an understanding smile as she replied, “Just let go, Gatu.  Just let go.”
So I did.
I let go of that power that was building up inside me.  I let go of all the anger at seeing Bellesa at the end of Drysu’s knife.  I let go of all the frustration I felt at not knowing what was going to happen with me.  
I let it all go.
A scream of rage and frustration bubbled up in my chest.  All the swirling energy that had built up in my entire body left in a sudden flash of light, and the scream left my chest and tore out of my throat in that same moment.  A sound like a raging lion left my mouth, and Drysu’s eyes widened in fear.
The knife slipped down from Bellesa’s throat and onto her chest, and as Drysu jumped back the knife scratched across the surface of her skin, leaving a thin trail of scarlet across her chest.  Bellesa took the opportunity, ignoring the scratch of the knife and diving to the floor and rolling away from Drysu and closer to me.
She landed at my feet curled into a protective ball, and Drysu dropped the knife and shielded his face with his hands.  The energy that had escaped my body swirled in the air between us leaving me feeling drained and empty.  
For a split second, nothing happened.  Drysu stood cowering with his hands hiding his eyes from the bright light of churning energy, and I stood ragged and out of breath staring at it in fascination.  I did not know what to do at first, then instinct took over and I flung my hands up in front of me and pushed with all the strength I had left.
Drysu turned to run, covering himself in a ball of darkness as he dove into the first door he could reach.  The locked door did not stop him as he barged into it and shattered it into splinters.  The energy charged forward and chased him into the room.  I heard loud crashes coming from the room he had dove into and heard his ragged screams before all went silent.
I sank to the floor where Bellesa still lay at my feet, and I touched her gingerly on the shoulder.
“Are you okay”, I said, my voice scratchy from the loud scream that had torn from my throat.
She did not answer, but slowly raised her head up and looked into my eyes.  They widened in uncertainty as she uncurled her body to sit up and grabbed my face with both her hands.  I thought for a second that she was going to kiss me, but she just continued looking at me in fascination.  
“What?  Why are you looking at me like that”, I asked as she continued to stare?
“I wish I had a mirror right now”, she responded in a whisper filled with amazement.  “You should see your eyes!”
I did not respond, did not move.  She pulled my face even closer, and I could feel her breath against my lips as she whispered, “they look like a golden sun.  So beautiful!”  
I wanted to close that distance; I felt the urge so strongly I could choke on it.  Her lips were just a hairsbreadth away from mine.  All I would have to do is lean forward a small fraction, and our lips would be touching.
I almost did it, came so close, when Bellesa simply went limp and almost collapsed back onto the floor.  
I caught her with one arm, the other arm cradling her head against my chest.  “Bellesa”, I cried in shock!  “Bellesa, what is wrong?”
She did not respond, and I pulled her head back away from my chest to look into her face.  Her eyes were closed, her breathing ragged and weak, and her mouth slightly open as if in a deep sleep.  I lowered her gently to the floor and placed my hand on her chest over her heart.  I grabbed her wrist with the other hand, feeling for a pulse with my fingers.  
I felt a weak but steady beat against my fingers and breathed a sigh of relief.  I pulled my hand away from her chest and that is when I noticed the blood.  It covered her chest and my hand in scarlet, and my heart leapt into my throat in fear and panic.  Had the knife cut her worse than I had thought?  I had thought it had only been a scratch, but the blood that continued to pour from the wound told otherwise.
I looked over to the knife still laying where Drysu had dropped it, but there was barely any blood on its surface.  I heard a painful moan escape Bellesa’s lips, but her eyes remained closed.  I gently touched her cheek with my hand, and startled at the heat coming from her skin.  Sweat began to pool on her head as she lay in unconsciousness.
Tears escaped my eyes as I gathered her up into my lap where I still sat on the floor.  “Bellesa, no!  Please, wake up”, I said between sobs as I rocked her back and forth in my lap, her head cradled against my chest.  She did not respond, and her body was limp and unmoving.  I could still hear her ragged breath, growing weaker by the second, and her body began to burn me through my clothes.
Ragged cries of sorrow and rage rung in the air, and I realized it was me.  My eyes burned and tears fell in a steady stream down my face.  I continued to rock her in my arms for what seemed like an eternity, but I knew it had only been a few minutes.  I wondered briefly what had happened to Drysu.  Would he come back to finish the job and take me away with him?  
No!
I would not let him!
If he came back, I would kill him for what he did to Bellesa, and damn the consequences!
However, he did not come back.  Instead, the doorway to the balcony was filled with a domineering presence, and a gruff concerned voice drowned out my sobs.
“Gatu, what has happened?”  Pimedus knelt down beside me, gently pulling Bellesa away from me so he could look into her face.  He did not pull her completely out of my lap, and my arm tightened around her waist.  I relaxed my hold on her head, however, so Pimedus could look at her.
“Please, please.  Save her!  Please, heal her!”  I knew he could.  All leaders possessed healing powers.
“Gatu, son.  You don’t know what you’re asking.  I am a dark leader.  I use dark energy.”
My voice was thick brittle as I responded, “But Bellesa is an apprentice.  She has dark energy as well as light.  Please, Pimedus, you have to try.”
He sighed deeply and looked at me with remorse.  “Yes you’re right she does.  However, her dominant energy is light.  If she acquires too much dark energy it could do more harm than good.  I could try to heal her with light, but it is not my strongest power.”
Bellesa let out another moan, and I sobbed and pulled her away from Pimedus and back to my chest.  “Where is Khanya”, I screamed in frustration!?
“I don’t know, Gatu.  I was just down the hall a few doors preparing my portal for my return trip to Nochetawah.  I felt a great deal of energy being called, and then a large crash.  I came down here to find the source of the commotion and found you here.”
Bellesa stirred in my arms, and I looked down into her face to find her eyes were still closed.  The heat coming off her body began to cool a little, but the blood continued to flow slowly from the wound.  It had soaked into my shirt where I had held her against me, but I did not care.  “Please, Pimedus.  Go find her or heal her yourself, but please do something!”  
“She doesn’t look like she has much time, Gatu.  I can feel her life-force slipping away.”  Leaders could do that.  They could feel the life force in all creations since they themselves were creators of that life force.
I pulled Bellesa’s cheek against mine, sobbing softly and holding her to me.  I brushed a gentle kiss against her cheek as I cried, “this is all my fault!  Drysu was trying to kidnap me, and he used her as bait!”  I hugged her more tightly against me, my tears soaking her face and neck as they fell.  “Please, Pimedus don’t let her die.  If she dies, I will die too.”  My voice was thick with agony and grief and I sobbed loudly against the softness of her cheek against mine.
Pimedus took a deep ragged breath and shut his eyes tightly for a moment.  He rose from the floor and looked around the balcony.  He spotted the sheath of the cane and the knife with its snakehead handle.  He scooped up the knife and replaced it into the sheath, making it a cane once more.
“I have an idea that will save her, but it may be dangerous for you.  We have never tried to portal you into Nochetawah for fear that you may not possess oppositional travel, but I am willing to bet you do since I think you possess light and dark energies.”
I looked up hopefully at Pimedus as he towered over me and looked at me with eyes filled with concern.  “Are we going to Nochetawah?”
“We are going to try, yes.  My portal is still open, and my apprentice will be able to heal Bellesa.  It would be faster than trying to find Khanya.  Time is not our friend right now.”  He looked at me expectantly, and I realized he was going to leave this decision up to me.  
There was nothing for me to think about, however, because Bellesa was much more important to me than my own life.  “Let’s do it”, I responded determinedly.  
I let Pimedus take Bellesa from me, rose from the floor, and we made our way down the hallway to Pimedus’s portal.  
The room we entered was a bedroom with a massive king size bed, a large chest of drawers, and a dresser with a huge mirror.  The room was done in dark colors of burgundy, forest green, and black.  There was a portal in the middle of the room, swirling and ominous and dark.  
“This is the guest room where I stay when I come for visit’s”, Pimedus explained as he carried Bellesa to the center of the room in front of the portal.
I followed and stood beside Pimedus as I stared into the portal.  I swallowed the lump in my throat and looked to Pimedus questioningly.
“You simply need to step into the portal.  You will feel a pulling sensation, and then it will feel like you are flying.  Don’t try to fight or control your direction.  Just relax and let it take you.  If you fight too much, you could fling yourself out of the portal and end up stuck between planes.”  
I gulped.  “Stuck?  Between planes?”
Pimedus’s serious gaze fell on me sternly.  “Yes, Gatu.  Stuck.  Forever.  No one would be able to save you or get you out.”
Icy fear gripped my heart, but I could not let that deter me.  I took a deep, steadying breath and stepped forward into the portal.
Pulling sensation had been an understatement.  It felt as if my whole body was being ripped apart, but it felt more like pressure than pain.  I relaxed and simply let the portal take me, and the feeling eventually subsided.  Then it did feel like I was flying, soaring through the air like a bird.  It lasted only minutes before I was dropped back to solid ground, and I fell with a thud to the floor.
Pimedus came through right behind me, landing gracefully on his feet despite his huge form and carrying Bellesa in his arms.  “Oh, yeah.  I forgot to tell you to be prepared to land on your feet.”  
He chuckled and I looked up at him sourly, not feeling very humorous at that moment with the sight of Bellesa’s small figure lying still unconscious in his massive arms.  “Thanks a lot”, I mumbled sarcastically as I pulled myself to my feet once more.
I looked around at my surroundings to find us in yet another massive bedroom, decorated the same as the one we had left.  The only exception was that this one had many personal effects scattered about on the dresser, and a small pile of clothing on the floor beside the bed.  
“This is my personal bedroom”, Pimedus explained at my questioning look.  “You made it, Gatu.  Welcome to Nochetawah.”
Pimedus lay Bellesa gingerly onto the bed before closing the portal with a wave of his hand.  The swirling energy of the portal disappeared into the darkness of the room.  
It was dark here, not complete darkness, but like twilight right before the sun sets all the way on the earth.  It was definitely not the shining brightness of Zendawiss.  This was definitely a dark place.  
I had never been to a dark city before.  Hell, I had never been anywhere except to earth and Zendawiss, so I was not prepared for the darkness of this place.  It did not feel ominous or depressing, however, but more like the peacefulness one might feel before drifting off to sleep safe in bed.  I did not feel unwelcome or like an outsider.  Surprisingly, I felt at home here away from the brightness and busyness of Zendawiss.
I walked over to the bed and brushed my hand across Bellesa’s forehead.  The fever was definitely worse, and her breathing was still labored.  I felt for her pulse, and found it weak and thready.  “Pimedus, she’s getting worse”, I said in a panic.
“Calm down, Gatu.  My apprentice is near.  She will be here any second.”
As if on que, there was a polite knock on the door.  “Come”, Pimedus answered, and the door opened and Pimedus’s apprenticed stepped in.
Her appearance startled me at first.  I had never seen a soul with such blue skin.  It was a dark grayish blue like the color of the sky before a storm.  Her hair was purple, and she had lipstick on her full lips that matched her hair.  Her large eyes were the most unusual colors of pink, green, and red.  The thin pink ring surrounded her pupil, followed by a thick ring of grassy green, and a thin line of blood red surrounded it all.  They were the most startling eyes I had ever seen.  She had a round face, and a straight thin smallish nose that wrinkled into a welcoming smile.
She moved with a grace almost as graceful as Khanya, but with a little more spunk in her step.  She was thin framed, but not too skinny like Drysu, with nice round hips and small perky breasts.  She had on a purple top that matched her eyes and lips with black dress slacks and black flat dress shoes.  Her long purple hair was pulled into a ponytail that hung over one shoulder and down to her breast. 
“Gatu, meet Saphrina”, Pimedus said as she walked toward me where I stood protectively next to the bed where Bellesa lay.
I looked into her eyes and reached out a hand to greet her when it hit me.  I felt the most tremendous pull right in the center of my gut, like a large hand pulling me toward this most unusual soul.  It was as if I just had to touch her, needed to touch her.  Like if I did not touch her, I would be lost forever.
As I watched the bright smile disappear from her face to be replaced with a look of confused fear, I knew she felt it too.  Her eyes widened with trepidation, and I could tell that she did not want to shake my hand.
I knew, because I felt the same.  I felt as if I just had to touch her, yet I hesitated in fear.  What was this that I was feeling toward this stranger?  Why did I want to touch her so badly?  I wanted it so badly that I was afraid of it.
Pimedus watched us closely, a curiosity entering his gaze.  He said nothing, just simply watched as she unintentionally moved closer to me.  It was as if I had no control over my body, as if my body was running on instinct as I took a step closer to her as well.  She reached out to my waiting hand and clasped my hand into hers.
I held my breath, waiting for something to happen at her touch.  For a moment, it was just another hand in mine, just another welcoming handshake from a stranger, and then I looked up into her eyes.
The moment our eyes met, the feeling took over.  Every heartbeat, every breath, every fiber of my being had been waiting for this moment.  I realized in that moment that I had always been looking for her.  I had always been wondering where she had gone, who she was, and what had happened to her.  So many things had happened to me after that first life, but she had always been there in the back of my mind.  So many situations had arisen to make me momentarily forget about my search for her, but I had always known in my gut that I would find her one day.
Now I had.
She was here, right in front of me, my search was over.
As the realization spread across my face, I watched the same knowing expression rise into her eyes.  I heard her voice inside my head, just as I always had, as if it had never left.  That same connection that we had from day one that had always been there and never left us, and it was still here with us in the Nether.
“Brother!”
“Sister!”
Our voices echoed inside our heads in unison.  I had found her!  My sister!
I wasted no more time on niceties, and pulled her to me and wrapped her in my strong embrace.  She fell into me, clinging to me just as strongly as I clung to her, and we both had happy tears falling down our faces as our bodies shook together in happy sobs.
I held her for just a moment longer before I heard a faint moan from the bed beside me.  I released Saphrina and turned to Bellesa.  Her pearlescent skin had lost some of its sheen, making it look more pink than pearl.  Her breathing had become even more labored than before, and sweat had beaded up onto her forehead.  The wound continued to seep blood, though it had slowed somewhat. 
I turned worried eyes to Saphrina as Pimedus spoke.  “Saphrina, this is Bellesa.  She is Khanya's apprentice.  I brought her here so you could heal her with light magic.”
Saphrina looked confused as she asked, “Where is Khanya?  Why can’t she heal her?”
Pimedus answered, “We didn’t know where Khanya was, and we didn’t want to waste time looking, because she is badly hurt and doesn’t have much time.  I didn’t want to attempt the healing, because I didn’t want to overwhelm her light magic and chance harming her.  I am not as adept in healing with light energy as you are.”
“Ah,” Saphrina responded.  “I see.  It is a good thing I am as proficient in light energies as I am in dark.  Ok, then, here goes.”  She walked over to the bed and waved her hands back and forth over Bellesa’s body.  Bellesa moaned in pain again, and I placed a hand on her forehead.  
If only I knew how to use my healing abilities that I had supposedly acquired on Earth.  I had all this power, but I did not know how to use it or control it.  What use was it to have it if I could not use it?  
My heart was overwhelmed with emotions I did not know how to handle.  Pain and sorrow threatened to choke me, but the happiness at finding my sister held it at bay.  I watched as Saphrina worked over Bellesa, her eyes closed and head thrown back as if in ecstasy.  A bright white light began to fill her from her toes up to the top of her head making her gray-blue skin glow and lighten to the color of the ocean on a cloudy day.  The light moved down her arms, into her hands, and into Bellesa.  The light became so bright that I had to shield my eyes.
Nothing happened for a moment, just the light leaving Saphrina and entering Bellesa making her glow with bright light.  Then, I saw it.  Her skin regained its pearlescent sheen, the wound on her chest stopped seeping blood and closed and disappeared, and the sweat that had been beading up on her forehead dried up.  As the light faded from her body, her eyes began to flutter and open slowly.
She looked around for a moment, disoriented and confused.  She saw me and smiled weakly and breathed a sigh of relief.  “Gatu, you are okay”, she whispered in a voice that had gone hoarse and dry.
I grasped her hand in mine as I looked down into her pink petal eyes.  “Yes, and so are you now.”
She glanced over at Saphrina and I followed her gaze.  The light had dissipated and Saphrina stood looking at us with those brilliantly colored eyes, a serene smile on her face.  “Hello, Bellesa.  I’m Saphrina.”
At hearing her name, Bellesa’s eyes widened with wonderment.  “Oh, wow!  You are Pimedus’s apprentice!  It’s nice to meet you finally!  Did you heal me with light energy?”
Saphrina smiled bashfully as she responded, “yep that was me.  I learned to control light energies early in my training when it was discovered that I had a perfect balance of both energies.  Gatu and Pimedus brought you here, though.  They are the ones you should thank.”
Bellesa looked up at me and asked, “What happened, Gatu?  All I remember is that I rolled away from Drysu when he got startled by that light attack.  How did you do that anyway?  That is not a common power, Gatu.  The only person I know that can manipulate light like that is Khanya.”
I sighed before answering, “Bellesa, I don’t even know what that was or how I did it.  I just let go like you told me and it happened.  Then you were cut by the knife when you rolled away from Drysu.  It didn’t look like the knife cut you that bad, but apparently it was worse than we thought.”
Bellesa sat up slowly with Saphrina’s and my help before she responded.  “I remember feeling the knife scratch my skin, but I didn’t think it was that bad either.  I’m not that weak, though.  Even a bad cut should not have put me down that bad.  I usually heal faster, and what doesn’t heal on its own I heal myself.”
Pimedus entered the conversation, coming over to sit on the foot of the bed carrying Drysu’s cane.  “I don’t think this is an ordinary knife.  I can feel the power emanating from it, and it’s a dark power.  It feels like death.”  He shuddered as he said that last part and I looked at the cane in fascination.
“Can I see it”, I asked as I reached for it?
Pimedus hesitated a moment and looked at me curiously, then handed it over without a word.  As soon as the cane touched my hand, I knew.  I could feel it throughout my entire body as if the power was my own, and somehow I knew exactly what it was.  I did not know how I knew, I just did.  Just like that first day of my existence, when I just knew I could heal my sister if only I could touch her.  
I looked up at Pimedus who sat regarding me solemnly.  He did not say a word, only reached for the cane.  I handed it back to him, but as soon as it left my grasp I felt empty and desolate, as if he had taken a part of me away when he took the cane out of my hand.  I shuddered but I was not cold.  
“It’s a dark cane”, I said, my voice low and soft and eerie.  “It’s designed to slowly suck the life-force out of a soul when it cuts them, and only it’s wielder can heal the damage.  Once the life force is sucked out it is trapped into the cane.”
Every eye in the room turned to Saphrina, who had healed Bellesa without any complications.  She looked back at us in turn, confusion drawing her purple eyebrows together.  “I don’t understand.  I have never seen that cane before in my life.”
Pimedus looked at all of us in turn, but he didn’t look confused at all.  Instead, he had a knowing look in his eyes, and even a small smile tempering his features and softening the harsh lines of his face.  “I believe we all need to have to have a long talk.  However, first I need to know what happened, Bellesa.  Why did Drysu try to kidnap Gatu using you as bait? Did he say anything to you at all?”
Bellesa wrinkled her brow in concentration, hesitating a moment before answering.  “He said something about needing Gatu’s power for his plans, but he didn’t elaborate on what those plans were.  Also, he was talking to someone using his handheld video phone, but I couldn’t see whom it was or hear their voice.  He seemed very angry with them, though.  He had already beaten me and tied me up with restraining cuffs so I couldn’t use my powers.  I was sitting too far away to hear the other person.”  I could feel anger bubbling in my chest at her words, and I put a protective arm around her as I sat down next to her on the bed.  She did not turn away or reject my touch, and I felt comfort in that fact.
“He left me for a short time”, she continued.  “When he came back he forced me to go with him to look for Gatu.  We didn’t have to go far, because he was right outside the door on the balcony.”  
“Hmm.  Interesting”, was all Pimedus said before turning to me.  “Gatu, how did Drysu come to be in Zendawiss, anyway?”
I looked at him, confused at this question.  “Khanya said she was going to question the other leaders to see if she could find another soul that could remember like me.”
“So she told the other leaders.”  It was more of a statement than a question, but Pimedus looked at me expectantly.
I raised my brows at this.  “That’s funny.  Khanya told me that you were the one who spread the news.”
Pimedus’s eyebrows rose as well, as he asked, “she said I told everyone?”
“Well, not in those exact words, but it was implied.”  I used my best Khanya impersonation as I quoted, “you were the one who insisted I tell Pimedus.  He is as much of a gossip as you are a smart ass.”
Bellesa giggled, Pimedus chuckled, and Saphrina just looked confused.  Pimedus shook his head and took a deep breath before replying, “This may be true, but I did not tell anyone about you or your powers.  So, the question remains, how did Drysu know about you?”
“The better question is”, Bellesa said as she left my arms, rose from the bed, and came to her feet, “what does Drysu want with Gatu?” 
“Yes, that is what I would like to know as well”, Pimedus responded as he too rose off the bed and leaned the cane against the side of the bedpost
Silence fell for a moment as we all looked around at each other with the questions swirling in the air between us.  Bellesa, who was looking much better, came up beside me as I rose from the bed and wrapped her arms around my waist in a hug.  I returned the hug, holding her close and breathing in her sweet scent.
“Thank you for saving me”, she whispered into my ear softly as she laid her head on my shoulder.  
“You don’t have to thank me, Bellesa.  I would never let anything happen to you if it is in my power to stop it.”  I lifted her playfully off the ground and swung her around in the air before setting her on her feet and releasing her.
She giggled breathlessly as she spun away from me and landed gracefully onto the bed once more.  She sat there looking at me for a moment before Pimedus cleared his throat loudly.  She let out a little musical laugh and turned her attention to him.
“There is one more question that I think I can answer.  How was Saphrina able to heal Bellesa if only the wielder can reverse the damage of that knife?”  Pimedus looked around the room at our confused faces, and motioned his hand for us to sit.  I sat on the bed next to Bellesa, and Saphrina sat at the foot of the bed where Pimedus had sat moments before.
Pimedus leaned against the massive dresser and crossed his arms over his chest, settling into a comfortable position as he began his tale.   “Gatu, as you know I am your creator.  I created you to balance the dark energies in the region of the earth where your human body was born, because this certain region had become overwhelmed with light energies.  The weather was becoming unstable there, and if that part of the earth was imbalanced it would endanger the entire planet since it is so close to the ocean.”
My eyebrows rose up in surprise at this statement, and I could not help but interrupt.  “Why would Khanya not act?  She loves the earth and the humans!  I can’t believe that she would sit back and do nothing.”  I did not mean for the implication to enter my voice, but apparently it had because Pimedus’s eyes darkened in anger.
“That’s more my style.  Is that what you mean, Gatu?”
I lowered my eyes in shame as I answered, “I didn’t mean to imply that, Pimedus.”
Pimedus took a deep breath and blew it out, the angry light leaving his eyes to be replaced with something like remorse.  “It’s fine, Gatu.  It is partly my fault that everyone thinks that of me.  Everything I do to take care of this planet is done in secret.  I have built this reputation myself.”
“Why”, I asked simply?
He looked around at all of us in turn and answered, “Because I don’t want anyone to know I care.  That’s all I am going to say on the subject.”
None of us responded and just sat there waiting for Pimedus to speak again. 
He paused a moment, and looked at me steadily, never taking his eyes off me the whole time he spoke.  “I created Gatu to restore the balance in that region of the earth.  Since the balance was so far off, I needed a powerful soul.  More powerful than any I had created before.  That is why I created you, Gatu.  I loaded you with dark energies, the power to control darkness, and the Planetal travel ability just in case I needed you later on another planet.  I added a piece of myself to make sure you would be powerful enough to complete the job.  Do you understand what that means, Gatu?”  Pimedus paused for a moment, allowing me to soak it all in.
I thought for a moment about everything he had said.  The Planetal travel ability would allow me to travel to the different cities in the solar system.  Had Drysu known I had this ability, or was he just hoping?  He had to have known, because he had wanted me to use me, and he would not have taken the chance to take me back to his planet if he had known I could not go.  He could have created a portal, yes, but without the Planetal travel ability the portal would have rejected me or destroyed me.  
The only soul that could create a portal that could transport souls without this ability was Divine Oracle, the leader of the whole solar system, and this was not so much a portal as a gateway.  She would simply wave her hands and a door would appear.  When you stepped through the door, you were where she wanted you to go.
I was not sure how everything worked yet.  I was still learning, still growing, and I did not understand anything.  I had a feeling I was getting ready to grow up fast if the look on Pimedus’s face right now was any indication.  
I swallowed the lump in my throat before responding, “What does that mean, added a piece of yourself?”
Pimedus took a deep breath and answered, “When we create a new soul, we use pure, raw energy to create.  We meditate extensively on what we want you to look like and what powers we want you to have.  We gather the energy from the stored pool in the creation room and send it out into the universe.  The energy becomes a life force and inhabits a Planetal creature.  When it leaves this body upon the body’s death, it travels to its respective city’s receiving room in the Nether, forms the soul body, enters the body, and gives it life.”  
He paused for a moment and looked at me expectantly to see if I understood everything so far.  I simply nodded for him to continue.  
His voice became lower as he continued, and he looked down at the floor as he spoke.  “Sometimes when a life giver wants to create a special soul, like his apprentice for instance or even a child, the life giver will create a soul with more than just energy.  The life giver will create a soul and add the energy from his own body into that soul.  I needed you to balance, yes, but I needed you in other ways as well.  I needed someone who was a part of me to carry on my leadership when I am released.”
He slowly looked up at me expectantly as recognition emerged in my mind.  I really was Pimedus’s son in the literal sense of the word!  I wasn’t just random energy given life… I was energy straight from Pimedus himself!  I looked upon Pimedus with a renewed sense of respect and awe.  I had always liked and respected Pimedus, but had never realized just how much until now.  When he called me his son it wasn’t only affection, he was being literal.
Pimedus smiled, relief showing in his eyes.  He breathed in deep as if he had been holding his breath waiting for my reaction.  I thought I saw a tiny sparkle of pride on his face before he turned his gaze away from me to address the whole room.  
“I created Gatu not only to balance the energies on the Planetal plane, but also as my apprentice.  I did not want to leave the leadership of Earth to any random soul, since I have worked so hard to establish it.  I wanted a son of my own to carry on the job.”
“What does this have to do with the knife”, Bellesa asked?  She scooted closer to me and grabbed my hand giving it a reassuring squeeze.  It was just like Bellesa to know when my emotions were getting the better of me and offer comfort.  She had always done that no matter what the situation was or who was in the room.  
I needed it now.  My emotions were running wild.
There was so much to take in and absorb, and my brain could not process all of it now.  Right now, all I could think about was the fact that I was Pimedus’s son.  I had known he was my creator, but it went beyond that.  
Every leader had a certain room in his or her own living quarters called the creation room.  The creation room was a special place, a place in the Netheral plane where the energy was gathered and stored for each city.  The energy that was collected in these places was raw and pure, ready to be given purpose and sent out into the universe.  
Apparently, I had been created to be an apprentice, but never got the chance to take the job since I was sent to Zendawiss instead of Nochetawah.  Not only that, but I was his son, created from his own personal energy.  
My mind kept repeating this fact repeatedly until Pimedus’s voice broke into my thoughts as he answered Bellesa’s question.  “Yeah, the knife.  I was getting to that.”  He shifted his weight a little, leaning more to the right with his arms still crossed.  “So, as I was saying, I created my son, Gatu, to be my apprentice.  However, before I could offer him a place at my side something happened that no one could have thought would ever happen.”
His voice grew suspenseful, like in a horror movie right before the killer pops out of the darkness to kill someone.  He paused for dramatic effect, and as he continued, his voice was so low it was almost a whisper.
“When I placed Gatu into his human vessel he began to pull in the energy around him almost immediately.  There was another vessel, another human body that had shared the womb with Gatu’s body.  There was no soul to fill that body so naturally it would have died soon.  No body, even Planetal bodies, can live long without a life force.”  Pimedus paused again and looked straight at me.  The eerie look on his face made chills go up and down my spine.  What did he mean there was no soul?  Saphrina was sitting right here on the other side of Bellesa.  
Pimedus continued, and as the words sank into my mind, my heart leapt into my throat.  “When Gatu touched that body, he created a soul without even knowing what he had done.  He had been surrounded by light energy at the time since he was in a hospital surrounded by human healers.  He pulled all that light energy into himself, and then used most of his own dark energy to create that soul.”
There was a pause, and Pimedus looked at me, his gaze boring into me as he continued.  “Gatu, Saphrina is not your sister.  She is your daughter.”
When no one responded, Pimedus stressed, “Gatu, you are Saphrina’s creator.”

CHAPTER 4

All eyes in the room turned to Saphrina, who sat very still and just stared at Pimedus with wide eyes.  “Now I know why you didn’t want to tell me who my creator was yet”, she said softly.
 I felt as if I could not breathe and my heart constricted inside my chest.  Bellesa squeezed my hand harder and I could feel her stiffen beside me. 
She turned to me slowly with disbelief in her voice as she whispered, “Saphrina is your creation…your daughter.”  It was a statement more than a question so I did not respond.  
I was too stunned to say anything.  My breath came back in small gasps and my heart sped up.  Saphrina stood and walked over in front of me, looking down at me with a look I could not read.  She just stared for a moment before saying anything.
When she did speak, she directed her comment to Pimedus.  “So that explains why Gatu went to Zendawiss.  He gave up most of his dark energy to create me; therefore, his soul absorbed the light energy that he had harnessed.  It still, however, doesn’t explain the knife.”
Suddenly the thought hit me.  I do not know why or how I knew, but I knew what I had to do.  I stood up and walked over to the cane still leaning against the bedpost where Pimedus had put it.  I reached my hand out towards it, reluctant to touch it again yet feeling a strong urge to hold it in my hand.  I concentrated on the energy that radiated from the cane, so dark and foreboding that I felt like running away screaming.  I tossed the feeling aside in my head, embraced it even, and concentrated more.  I stood there for a second concentrating on the energy radiating from the cane.  Every detail about the cane filled my head.  From the moment of its creation to this moment, I knew everything about it.
I glanced around and noticed that everyone’s eyes were on me.  Bellesa looked horrified, Saphrina confused, but Pimedus had a big, proud smile smeared across his face.  His voice was full of satisfaction as he asked, “you figured it out, didn’t you?”
I did not answer right away.  Instead, I looked at Bellesa questionably.  “What”, I asked confused by her horrified look?
“Your eyes!”  That was all she said.
I turned and looked into the large mirror on the dresser and understood why Bellesa had looked so frightened.  My eyes were black.  
Solid black.
I blinked a couple of times to try to bring the brown color back, but my eyes remained black as the darkest night.  I turned away from Bellesa and forgot about my eyes.  One problem at a time I thought as I walked up to her.
She did not shy away and I was glad for that, but there was still fear behind her eyes.  “Bellesa, it’s still me.  I’m okay, really, I was just concentrating really hard.”
“I know”, she responded, her voice shaky.  “Last time you called your powers, your eyes were golden.  I just wasn’t expecting them to turn black.”  She moved closer to me, and the fear was completely gone now.  She placed her hands on either side of my face, much as she had before, and stared into my eyes, fascination replacing the fear on her features.
“The last time Gatu called light powers.  This time he used dark powers.  That’s probably the difference.”  Saphrina, who had been sitting silently on the bed, rose and came over to where we stood to look into my eyes.  Bellesa released my face so that I could turn my head to look at Saphrina.
Saphrina smiled at me as she came up close.  “So, you are my creator.  I’m not gonna call you dad, though”, she said with laughter in her voice, and I chuckled in response.
“Please don’t.  I still think of you as my sister, anyway.”  I returned her smile and reached my arm out to her.
She laughed and accepted the offered hug as she said, “me too.  You’ll always be my brother.  My wonderful, safe, protective brother.”
Bellesa turned away and walked over to stand beside Pimedus, and I thought I saw a flicker of jealousy in her pink colored eyes.  
I did not have time to think about that thought, because Pimedus said, “So you have yet another ability that we did not know about.”  I looked at him in confusion, so he continued, “you can scry.  You can feel the energy of an item and tell the details of it.”
I thought about it for a minute and realized that Pimedus was right.  That is exactly what I had done.  I just concentrated on the energy of the cane and I knew everything about it, and who it’s wielder was.
“So”, Pimedus coached me?  “Tell us about the cane.”
I took a deep breath, looking at Saphrina as I said, “well, the cane was made by Divine Oracle.  She made it as a gift for one of the dark leaders, but something happened to him before he could receive it.  She put it away intending to give it to another, but Drysu stole it before she could.”
“What happened to this leader”, Bellesa asked?
“I don’t know,” I answered shrugging my shoulders.  “The information that filled my head after I scryed the cane didn’t have any information about that.  I doubt that Oracle even knows who stole the cane; else, she would have gotten it back by now I would assume.  The cane cannot be used and wielded the way it is supposed to be by anyone other than the wielder.  The effects could be disastrous.”
Everyone looked at me expectantly, but did not say anything else, so I continued my story.  “Drysu has wielded the cane for a long time, but I disarmed him.  One of the features of the cane is that if it is disarmed from the person holding it, then the person who disarmed the cane becomes the new wielder.  I doubt Drysu knew this, else he would not have been so careless.”
I looked to Saphrina as I finished my explanation.  “However, the cane is dark, so a light energy soul couldn’t wield it.  Since Saphrina is part of me and more dark than me, she is the new wielder of the cane.”
Saphrina frowned and began to back away from the cane, staring at it in horror.  “I don’t want that thing!  It’s a killing weapon!”  She made a shooing motion with her hands as she continued to back away.
I came up behind her and stopped her movements; I turned her into the circle of my arms as I gave her a comforting hug.  “It’s okay, Saphrina.  It’s not as evil as you would think.”
Pimedus walked over and lay a comforting hand on her shoulder as he said, “Saphrina, death is not evil.  Sometimes, death is necessary.”
Saphrina’s voice was muffled by my shirt as she replied with her head buried in my shoulder.  “Yeah, but the knife doesn’t just kill.  It sucks out the life force.  It’s like a vampire.”
Pimedus took a deep breath as he replied, “let me explain, Saphrina.  As a life giver, this kind of weapon could be very useful.  You could suck out the life force of a soul body that is about to die and put the life force into a new soul body.  The death of an old life and the birth of a new life is definitely not evil, Saphrina.”
Saphrina lifted her head off my shoulder and looked at Pimedus, some of the fear leaving her eyes as she asked, “could I really do that with that thing?”
Pimedus looked to me for confirmation, so I answered, “Yes, you could definitely do that.  The soul is imprisoned in the weapon until the wielder releases it.  Therefore, a soul could be sucked out, and released into a new body.”
Pimedus smiled softly and added, “You could release the life-force into a new soul body, or even release it into a Planetal body.  However, you would need to create a soul body for the life force to live in here when the Planetal body dies; else, the life force will wander around the Nether without a body until it fades away.  A life force cannot thrive without a body.  Just as a body needs a life force to thrive, a life force needs a body.  Without a body, the life force simply reverts to energy.  The energy that made that life force, however, lives forever.  Energy never dies.”
“I don’t get it”, I said.  “Isn’t the life force energy?”
“The life force is made of energy, yes, but the life force is in essence the consciousness or awareness.  That is what fades away, however there are a few souls who have the power to get it back.”  Pimedus did not elaborate further, so I dropped the subject even though I still did not understand fully.
Saphrina, still standing in my arms, asked, “So how long could a life-force live without a body if it is trapped inside the cane?”
Pimedus shrugged his shoulders and answered, “I would assume that it could live inside the cane until released.  If it is made like the prisons in Pluto, it holds the life force in a kind of stasis.  The life force is not aware, but it is still alive.  It is as if it is asleep.”
“Wow”, Bellesa said, walking over beside me and staring at the cane.  “That weapon could be very useful.”  She looked up at Saphrina with a new admiration in her eyes, and none of the jealousy that I thought had been there earlier.  “However, I would not want to keep a life force in there for a long time.  The thought of carrying around a sleeping life force is kind of creepy.”
Saphrina laughed and responded, “Yeah, I agree.”
We all nodded our agreement, and Bellesa smiled at Saphrina and gave an encouraging nod.  I patted her shoulder comfortingly and whispered, “You can do this.  Take it and it will become yours.”
Saphrina smiled at both of us as she left my embrace to move closer to the cane and reached out her hand.  She touched it, tentatively at first, and when nothing happened, she grabbed it.
A soft wind blew through the room, and the cane lit up with a soft dark purple glow.  Saphrina shivered and a small sound escaped her lips as she closed her eyes for a moment.  When she opened them and looked at us, they glowed so bright that I almost covered my eyes. 
“I heard a voice”, she exclaimed!  “I think it was the knife.  It said I am yours now.” 
“Woah”, Bellesa said in awe!  “I want a cane like that.”
We all laughed, and Saphrina smiled in elation as the glow died from her eyes.  “That was awesome”, she said with a laugh!
Pimedus cleared his throat and we all gave him our attention.  “As fun and enlightening as this has all been, it is getting late.  Maybe you two should be getting back to Zendawiss before Khanya starts to miss you.”
The laughter died from the room at his statement, and Bellesa looked at me as she asked, “What should we tell her, Gatu?”
“The truth,” I replied simply.  “We tell her that Drysu tried to kidnap me using you and that you got hurt.  We brought you here to heal to save time, and came straight home when you were well enough to leave.”
Bellesa smiled a wry smile as she shook her head at me.  “Gatu that is not the whole truth.”
“I didn’t say the whole truth.  I said the truth, and that is the truth.”  I stood with my hands on my hips and a matter-of-fact look on my face as Bellesa laughed at me and continued to shake her head.  
I loved it when she laughed, her pink eyes sparkling and the mother-of-pearl colors swirling around under her pearlescent skin.  Her tiny nose wrinkled delightfully, and her full lips curled upwards over her straight, white teeth in an adoring smile.  I could spend eternity just watching her laugh and smile at me as the white tendrils of curls that had escaped her braid danced around her face.
I hated to take that look off her face, hated it more than anything in the universe, but we had a situation to deal with now.  We needed to get back to Zendawiss before we were missed, and hopefully not even have to tell Khanya anything.  I walked over to Saphrina where she stood smiling at me sadly.
“Do you have to go”, she whispered forlornly?
“Right now, yes.  I will be back, though, now that I know I can.  I will come for visit’s all the time.”  I gave her a quick hug and she returned it, holding me tightly for a brief moment.  I tweaked her nose playfully as I had done during our time on earth as humans, and she laughed.  
I still remember our life.  It is the only human life I have lived.  Came the voice in my head, and I smiled at her glad that she could remember.
Never forget.  Always remember me.  I thought back at her, and she smiled brightly as I turned to Pimedus.
I felt awkward, and I did not know what to say.  He seemed to know what I was thinking as he said, “we can talk more later, after you have had time to come to terms with all you have learned tonight.”   
I did not respond, only nodded as I turned to Bellesa who was creating us a portal back to Zendawiss.  I watched her fascinated as she created a ball of light between her hands.  She turned her hands around and around in a swirling motion, causing the ball to swirl and turn in a dazzling show of light.
The ball became bigger, and when it was about the size of a beach ball, she flung it out in front of her where it swirled and turned even bigger.  It kept swirling, sparkling, and growing until it was big enough for us to pass through.
Bellesa turned around and held her hand out to me.  I took her hand and stepped into the portal with her, glancing back one last time at Saphrina who was watching with unhappy eyes.  
I will be back soon I thought at her before I felt the pulling sensation that would take me back to Zendawiss away from her.  I was still holding Bellesa’s hand as I felt myself being pulled into the portal, and then suddenly Pimedus was just there.
He grabbed the back of my shirt and pulled hard, shouting at me not to let go of Bellesa.  
I did not intend to let go.  Instead, I pulled her closer to me so that I could grab her around the waist and hold her close to me.  I held onto her tightly as Pimedus pulled her and me out of the portal.
I hit the ground with Bellesa on top of me, and then quickly turned so that she was under me.  I hovered over her protectively, looking around to see what the problem was.  I saw Saphrina step in front of the portal and clap her hands one time in front of her.  The clap sounded more like a boom, and the portal disappeared.  
Pimedus was yelling something at me, but I was so disoriented at being pulled from the portal that I could not make out what he was saying.  I felt Bellesa pushing against me, but I was not moving until I was sure it was safe.
Finally, I was able to orient myself somewhat, and I concentrated on what Pimedus was saying.  “Something isn’t right, Gatu!  We need to get out of this room!  Something tried to come through the portal on the opposite side, and it is still coming!”
“What is it?  Can it get through even though the portal is closed”, I asked alarmingly?  
He did not answer right away and instead made a shooing motion at Saphrina towards the door.  “Hurry, girl!  Get to my office.  I will make sure Gatu and Bellesa get there.” 
Saphrina quickly grabbed the cane and ran towards the door, and Pimedus turned to me as I rose up off Bellesa and offered her a hand up off the floor.  “Hurry, Gatu.  I’ll explain when we get to safety.”
As soon as I stood, I could feel it.  Something foreboding and menacing traced icy fingers up my spine, and my heart began to race in my chest.  I hurried for the door right behind Pimedus, hanging onto Bellesa’s hand and dragging her with me.  Whatever had tried to penetrate the portal was coming, and whatever it may be was definitely not friendly.
“What’s happening”, Bellesa asked as she hurried along behind me.  She stumbled a bit as I hurried out of the door behind Pimedus, and I slowed a little to catch her before she fell.
She quickly caught her balance and continued to run behind me.  She caught up, running beside me instead of behind, and pulled her hand out of mine so she could run more swiftly.
“I have no idea what happened”, I answered breathlessly as we ran.  “Pimedus said he would tell us when we get to his office.”
Her eyes widened with fear as she glanced backwards quickly.  “If we get to his office”, she said, and I could not tell if it was fear or fatigue that made her voice tremble.
I glanced back to see what she had seen that had made her so fearful, and what I saw made me run even faster.
Nochetawah was dark, but this ball of darkness that was chasing us down the hall of Pimedus’s mansion was not the comforting darkness of the city.  It was darker, more ominous, and fear radiated from it like waves from the blackest ocean.  It spun, spiraled, and churned as it moved at a fast pace right towards us.  
I reached out to it while I ran, concentrating on the horrifying energy that radiated from it.  I could control darkness to an extent.  Pimedus had been teaching me how to harness and control it, and I had mastered balls of darkness, hiding in shadow, and was now practicing how to extend my ball of darkness to a larger radius.  However, I could not control this darkness.
I could not control it, because it belonged to someone else.  As I concentrated on the darkness, I switched from trying to control it to trying to learn about it.  I used my newfound scrying power, or tried to.  
I stumbled and almost fell, but I grabbed onto Pimedus’s shirt at the last moment, and he slowed his pace, turned, and caught me before I could hit the ground.
“Hurry”, he said as he steadied me, turned back around, and began to run again.  “We are almost there.”
Bellesa had slowed as well, and as she reached out to me, I could see the intense fear all over her face.  Her pink eyes had darkened to a salmon color, her white brows were raised, and her lips formed a little O shape like a silent scream trying to escape.
I grabbed her hand as we ran and gave it a comforting squeeze.  “It’s okay, Bellesa.  We’ll make it”, I told her as I tried to keep the worry off my face.
I stopped trying to concentrate on the ball of darkness and just kept running.  What I had already learned from the few seconds I had to scry it was enough.  It was a portal designed to take whoever got caught it in away.  I did not know where, and I did not know who had cast it.  I did know that wherever it was designed to take us was somewhere we probably did not want to go, so I just kept running and did not look back again.
Saphrina reached the office door first and flung it open.  She paused at the door and looked back to make sure we were still following.  She started making gestures with her hands and waving her arms in a circular motion.  I could see the ball of light she was forming as I neared the door.  Pimedus went in the door, and Bellesa and I went in right behind.  When we were all in the room, Saphrina came in behind us with the ball of light still swirling between her hands.  
The door slammed with an echoing BANG even though no one had touched it, and Saphrina turned and released the ball of light.  It slammed into the door, covered it completely, and stayed right there.  I heard another loud bang as the darkness slammed into the door, and the light barrier that Saphrina had created shimmered and shook, but it held.
“That will hold for a while”, Saphrina said, and we all relaxed a little.
I let out a breath that I did not even realize I was holding as I looked around at my surroundings.  Pimedus’s office was laid out exactly like Khanya's, except for the colors.  His office was done in colors of dark forest green, scarlet red, and deep earthy browns.  I walked over to the table and sat down in one of the scarlet cushioned chairs.
“What was that”, Bellesa asked breathlessly as she came and sat down in the chair next to mine?
“I don’t know”, answered Saphrina setting in a chair across the table from us.  “Whatever it was it wasn’t good, though.  I could feel the fear coming from it while it chased us.”
“Me too”, Bellesa answered and she shivered a little rubbing her arms with her hands.
“I know what it was”, I said, and I told them what I knew of the portal.  The girls just stared at me in horror, and Pimedus looked gravely at me with eyes like the ocean after a storm.
“It came from the opposite side of the portal”, Pimedus said.  “From Zendawiss.  I saw it at the last minute trying to come through, so I grabbed you and pulled you out.  You would not have been able to escape it had you gone into the portal.”
“Huh”, I grunted sarcastically.  “I’ll give you three guesses on who cast the portal.”
We all knew that it had probably been Drysu, which meant he had survived my light attack and was still in Zendawiss somewhere, and was still trying to kidnap me.
Pimedus walked over to the head of the table, but instead of taking the seat, he walked over to the wall and pushed a button.  A part of the upper wall turned, revealing what looked like a large movie screen.  I had seen the same screen in the sitting room in Khanya's mansion, though I had not had the time to examine it.
“Call Khanya”, Pimedus said to the screen, and the surface of the screen shimmered.  The picture was fuzzy at first, but became clearer after a minute, like the focus on a camera, revealing the sitting room in Khanya's mansion.  I could hear the alarm coming from the screen, like a telephone ring only louder.  
The room was empty, however, and Pimedus looked at the screen in frustration.  “Where could she be”, he asked to no one in particular as he ran a hand through his white dreads?  He waited for a few moments, but Khanya did not answer the call.  Pimedus blew out a puff of breath in exacerbation, and then waved a hand at the screen and it went blank.
“Wait”, I said suddenly!  “Bring the picture back, hurry!”
Pimedus looked at me enquiringly, but he waved his hand at the screen again at my alarming tone.  I got up out of my seat and walked over beside where Pimedus stood in front of the screen.  I squinted my eyes and got as close as I could to the screen to make sure I had definitely seen what I thought I saw.
“Do you guys see what I see”, I asked as I pointed to the screen?
There, on the white sofa in Khanya's sitting room, sat Drysu’s white top hat.  It was almost invisible against the whiteness of the sofa, but the black band around the base of the hat gave it away.
I heard Bellesa gasp, so I knew she had seen it too.  “We have to get back to Zendawiss”, I said urgently.
Pimedus stared at the hat seemingly unmoved, but I could see the blue colors in his eyes swirling with uneasiness.  “We could create a portal in the creation room”, he said.  His voice showed none of the worry that still showed in his eyes as he continued, “it should be safe there.  The creation rooms of all cities are fortified and protected with wards and spells.  The only people that can enter are the city leader, the leaders of Sun City and Pluto, and anyone who is invited by those leaders.  Furthermore, the energy there is raw and pure, so a portal created out of that energy would be almost impossible to penetrate.”
Bellesa got up from her seat and came over to stand by me.  “The question is how do we get there”, she asked, her normally musical voice thick with apprehension as she stared at the door.  There was a loud thud against the warded door to accentuate the point.
Saphrina answered as she also left her seat and walked over to the desk in the center of the room.  “That’s an easy solution.  There’s a secret tunnel to the creation room, and the door to the tunnel is right under this desk.”
“Just give away all my secrets while you’re at it”, Pimedus replied with a sarcastic smirk.
Saphrina did not reply, and only shook her head with playful frustration.  She pushed a button that had been hidden on the underside of the desk, and it slid backwards as if it had wheels revealing a doorway in the floor.
I walked over to the edge, looked inside, and saw a set of spiral stairs going down into darkness.  I looked up at Pimedus who only stared back with a triumphant smile and winked at me.  Bellesa walked over and peered down as well, and I heard her take a sharp deep breath.
“Wow that is so cool”, she exclaimed in admiration!  “I wish we had secret tunnels in Zendawiss.”
I chuckled and said, “Maybe we can get Khanya to build you one.”
At the mention of her name, Bellesa’s eyes lost their humorous sparkle and worry filled her gaze.  “I hope she’s okay.”
“I’m sure she is fine”, Pimedus said and placed a comforting hand on Bellesa’s shoulder.  “That woman is much tougher than she looks.”  
I thought I heard a glimmer of pride in his voice, but I pushed the thought away as Saphrina took the first step down into the secret door.  “I think Pimedus and I should go down first to make sure it is safe.  I’ll come back and get you two when we are sure.”
Pimedus nodded in agreement.  “Good idea.  Stay here and stay safe, and whatever you do DO NOT open the door for anyone.”
I nodded my confirmation as they went down into the darkness.  I walked over and sat down on the forest green cushions in the sill of the window behind the desk.  Bellesa followed me, sitting delicately beside me with worry in her eyes.
“Don’t worry, Bellesa, I’m sure Pimedus is right.  Khanya can take care of herself.”  I reached over and gave her hand a reassuring squeeze, and she looked up at me with those large, round, pink eyes and smiled.
Suddenly, I was aware that we were alone.  She had scooted closer to me when I squeezed her hand, and now she scooted even closer and laid her other hand on my thigh.  “Thank you, Gatu.  Thank you for always making me feel better.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat, and my pulse sped up at her touch.  “Y-y-you’re welcome”, I stuttered nervously as she scooted even closer and wrapped her arms around my neck in a hug.
I sucked in my breath as desire tore through my entire body.  Her cheek was snuggled against mine, and I could smell roses and jasmine in her hair as it tickled my nose.  I turned my head slightly so I could inhale deeper of her scent, and she turned her head at the same time.
Our eyes met suddenly, and a look of surprise brightened the pink color in her eyes as she gasped.  I took a sharp intake of breath as well and gulped deeply.  Her breathing sped up and her eyes half closed and she moved her face even closer to mine, so close that our noses were almost touching.
This is it,   I thought.  If I was ever going to have a chance to show my feelings, it was now.  I wanted to close the distance, touch my lips to hers, and drink deeply of her.  However, I was frozen.  I could not get my muscles to respond, but I did not have to.  
She closed the distance herself, barely touching her lips to mine in a soft kiss.  Sparks of yearning ignited in my gut at the soft touch of her lips against mine, and desire filled my entire body. 
My emotions swirled inside, and I could feel energy filling me up from my feet to my head.  She deepened the kiss, pressing her lips more urgently into mine, and I tightened my hold around her waist and pulled her closer to me so that she was almost in my lap.
Happiness, joy, and desire all mixed together, filling me up and making me bold as I opened my lips and tasted her lips with my tongue.  Bellesa moaned and opened her lips in acceptance, and our tongues did a little dance inside my mouth.
An intense need mixed with the desire and longing already filling me up, and all that emotion and energy threatened to come bursting out.  I felt a slight wind tickle my cheek, and Bellesa’s hair blew around my face, coming loose from the braid that was still draped over her shoulder.  
The wind became stronger, and suddenly I felt it lift us up from the cushions.  Bellesa gasped in surprise, breaking the kiss and tightening her hold on my neck.  I was happy to comply, and I tightened my hold on her too as we rose into the air on the current of the wind that was suddenly swirling around the entire room.
“Gatu!  Put me down”, Bellesa gasped!
I laughed and held her tighter as I said, “don’t worry.  I got you.  This is great!”  I looked down at the room beneath our feet, and our heads bumped the ceiling lightly.
Bellesa peeked down in trepidation as she said, “I didn’t know you could fly.”
“Neither did I”, I said still laughing as Bellesa clung to my neck.  “I’m controlling the wind, apparently.  I was just feeling happy and light and the wind just picked us up.”
“That’s a form of air control”, Bellesa said.  “It’s a common ability, but not many that have air control can fly.  That’s a very advanced control of air.”
I concentrated on the air, the wind, and imagined us floating gently to the floor, and then it just happened.  It was just like controlling my own body.  I just thought, and it happened.  As our feet touched the floor, Bellesa released her hold on my neck and started to move away, but I tightened my hold on her waist and brought her back closer to me.
She came willingly, laughing and raising a hand up to ruffle the hair on the top of my head.  “That was so much fun!  Scary, but fun!”
Her hand played in the black waves of my hair, then fell lower to caress my cheek.  She placed her other hand on my other cheek, and her laughter faded away as I moved closer to kiss her again.  She closed her eyes and moved in to me, touching her lips to mine once more.
Someone cleared their throat loudly, and Bellesa jumped away from me guiltily as I released her.  I watched a cute little blush turn her pearlescent pink skin to a scarlet red, and I laughed delightedly loving that I could make her blush like that.  
She shot me a playfully angry look, but I could not be offended in that moment.  All I could feel was happiness and elation, but that feeling faded as I saw Pimedus’s dark look.
“If you two are done playing around, the portal is ready to take you back to Zendawiss”, he said with a stern tone.
“Sorry, Pimedus”, I said guiltily.  Here I was feeling happy and elated when Khanya could be in trouble.  We needed to get to Zendawiss and make sure Khanya was not under the evil clutches of Drysu the cartoon fiend.  
I snickered at my personal joke, and Pimedus shot me a harsh look.  I lowered my face still snickering, and made my way to the secret door.  Bellesa entered behind me, and I could feel her presence at my back as we ascended down into the darkness.
Once again, I began to feel guilty for laughing at this dire situation.  I could not help it, however.  Bellesa had kissed me!  I could not help but feel happy and giddy, even though we were walking into an ominous and dark tunnel at the end of the spiral stairway.
The tunnel was straight, long, and wide.  It was wide enough that Bellesa caught up to me and had no trouble walking beside me.  She grabbed my arm and held on as we walked swiftly down the tunnel.  I figured it was because it was dark and maybe she could not see.  I could see in complete darkness as Pimedus could, but to my knowledge, Bellesa did not have this ability.  I assumed maybe Saphrina did, but then again she had come down with Pimedus.  
Whatever the reason, Bellesa’s strong hold on my arm did not bother me in the slightest.  In fact, it made me feel even happier that she would trust in me to keep her safe.  I pulled her arm close to my side and covered her hand with my other hand. 
We finally came to the end of the tunnel, and Pimedus moved around us and pulled out a key from his trench coat pocket.  I shivered with cold as he unlocked the door and moved aside so that we could enter.
I had always wondered why Pimedus had always worn trench coats, but now I knew.  It was cold in Nochetawah.  I had been cold from the moment I had stepped out of the portal, but had been too busy or occupied to concern myself with it much.  Now, however, I began to feel the cold, and Bellesa was shivering beside me as well.  The sooner we got back to the warmth of Zendawiss the better!
I looked around the creation room of Nochetawah.  I had never seen the creation room at Zendawiss, or anywhere for that matter, so I really had nothing to compare it too.  If Zendawiss’s creation room was anything like this one, though, it had to be absolutely stunning!
It was the most beautiful room I had ever seen.  It was more like a cave than a room with its rounded stone walls, and the stone that formed the walls was amazing!  They were smooth and shiny and swirled with colors of blue, green, and red.  The floor was made from stone as well, but this stone was clear as glass, so it looked like you were walking in the middle of space.  Stars, meteorites, and comets moved, glided, and glittered underneath our feet as we walked across the floor to the portal that had been created in the middle of the room.
When I got to the portal, I stopped and stared.  I had not noticed the back wall of the room because I had been focused more on the stars under my feet, but when I looked up, I saw it.  It was by far the most astounding part of the room.  
A giant frame was mounted on the back wall, gilded and gold and decorated with the most fascinating shapes, runes, and signs.  It was like the most stunning picture frame, but there was no picture inside this frame.  Inside was the most pure dark energy I had ever felt in my life.  It was comforting, welcoming, and it called to me to take it into myself and form it and do with it as I would.  Whatever my heart’s desire, the energy would comply if I would only take it into my arms.
I walked towards it trance-like; one arm outstretched reaching for it.  I felt the compulsion so deep inside my gut, inside my heart, to take it into me and mold it into something beautiful, perfect, and all mine.  I passed the portal and moved closer and closer to the energy wall.  I was almost there!  Just a few more steps and the energy would be mine!
“Gatu, no!”  I heard Pimedus scream in the back of my mind, but the front of my mind was too occupied to pay attention to it.  I felt Bellesa tug on my arm that she still held, pulling me back away from the wall.  I did not let it deter me, and fought against the pull to keep going to the wall.
All of a sudden, Saphrina was there, waving her hands in my face to get my attention and screaming, “Gatu! Snap out of it!”
That worked.  I blinked rapidly a couple of times and shook my head roughly to clear the cobwebs of the trance-like state that my mind had created.  What had just happened?  I had been so attracted to that energy wall that nothing or no one, save for Saphrina, could get my attention.  I had been so focused on absorbing all that beautiful pure dark energy that nothing else had mattered to me for a moment.
Except for Saphrina.
Saphrina, with her gorgeous blue-gray skin, tri-colored eyes with that ring of green, and bright white smile.  However, right now, her eyes were filled with worry and there was no smile on her face.  I had not realized until just this moment how attractive she was.  I was focused on her being my sister, then found out she was really my daughter, that I had not noticed the beauty of her features.
I guiltily cast that thought aside.  I had just kissed Bellesa just a few moments ago.  I had been secretly in love with her almost my entire existence, and now I finally had a chance to bring my secret out.  Why would I be thinking of another woman in that manner, and my own sister (or daughter) for that matter?
Saphrina was talking me, so I focused on what she was saying so I could forget those thoughts running through my head.  
“Gatu, are you okay?  Come back to me!”  The anxiety in her face snapped me all the way back, and I clasped her hands in mine to stop them waving violently in the air.
“Okay, okay. I’m fine now.  Please, stop waving your hands in my face.”
Relief flooded through her eyes, making the middle green ring swirl around the outer red and inner pink rings.  She slapped me very hard on the chest as she said, “well, then don’t scare me like that!”
“Ouch!” I said rubbing the place where she had slapped me.  It did not really hurt that much, but I got a smile out of her so I was happy.
Bellesa’s voice slapped me hard with guilt, right in the face, and that did hurt.  “Gatu, what happened to you?  Are you okay?”
I turned around to face her trying to keep the guilt off my face as I replied, “I’m fine, Bellesa.  I’m not really sure what happened.”
“I think I can answer that”, Pimedus chimed in.  “Gatu, I’m sorry.  I didn’t think this room would affect you this much since most of your energy is light now.  I would expect this from Zendawiss’s creation room, but not here.”
I looked at Pimedus confused.  “Care to explain”, I asked in a sarcastic voice?
“Okay, short version though.  We have to go check on Khanya.”
Oh, yeah.  Khanya.  Guiltiness was just going to eat me up today.  “Okay.  Short version, then.”
“Okay, so”, Pimedus continued.  “A soul’s life-force is extremely attracted to pure raw energy, because that’s the stuff the life force is made from.  Normally, however, they are repulsed by the opposite energy, and souls that do not have the oppositional travel ability could actually be destroyed by the opposite energy field.  Some souls that carry both energies can be attracted to both, but the effect is lessened.”
I shook my head at Pimedus’s explanation.  “No…no, Pimedus, this was more than some simple attraction.  It was like it was pulling me to it, and I was powerless to stop it.”
Pimedus’s brows furrowed and he held his chin between his thumb and forefinger in a thinking position.  “Well, you did create Saphrina, unknowingly, so you are a life giver.  Life givers are attracted to that energy deep in their guts.  It calls to them to use it, mold it, and shape it.  Part of the training to be a life giver is how to control that call.”
“Yes, that is more like what happened”, I answered.  “I really need to learn all this stuff if I’m ever going to learn to control myself.”
“Yes, you do”, Pimedus remarked simply, but the look on his face said something more as he continued.  “We really need to plan out a training regime for you.  You are not a normal soul.  You are so much more.”
Bellesa, who was still holding onto my arm, gave a little tug and replied, “Can’t we discuss this later?  We need to get to Khanya.”
Pimedus nodded and said, “Yes, let us go find Khanya.  The portal leads to one of the receiving rooms on the fourth floor.  From there we can make our way up to the fifth floor and look for Khanya, hopefully without Drysu finding us first.”
“That’s not going to be an easy task”, I said.  “He can see through darkness like we can, so we can’t hide in shadow.”
“Then, we will have to be stealthy in other ways”, Saphrina chimed in as she stepped closer to the portal. 
She gave me a nod and a wink as she stepped into the portal and disappeared from sight as the portal carried her away.

CHAPTER 5

We all followed entering the portal with Saphrina in the lead, me and Bellesa, then Pimedus bringing up the rear.  As I felt the pull of the portal, I relaxed and let it take me.  I felt the flying sensation, and then prepared myself for the landing.  I landed gracefully as the flying sensation released me, and we were in one of the receiving rooms of Zendawiss.
I knew right away that something was wrong.  I could feel an ominous feeling hovering in the air, surrounding us in its clutches.  I looked over to Bellesa, and the look on her face told me she felt it to, as did Pimedus.  
To my knowledge, Saphrina had never been to Zendawiss, and I wondered why.  “Saphrina, have you never been here?”
Pimedus looked at me guiltily as he answered for her.  “No, Gatu, she has not.  I have kept her a secret until now.”
“Why”, I asked?
Pimedus took a deep breath before he answered.  “Because I needed to be sure that you could be trustworthy.  Khanya doesn’t know about her either, because I don’t trust her as fully as I should.  You still don’t know everything, but that’s a discussion for later.”
I was confused by this answer, but it was apparently the best I was going to get.  Pimedus said not another word, and instead took in his surroundings.  I did the same.
The receiving room looked like all the other receiving rooms, so I could not figure out why there was an ominous feel to the place.  The bed sat empty, as did the rest of the furnishings, and everything looked to be in place.  I walked to the door, cracked it open just a hair, and peered out.  The hallway was empty as well, though it was not as bright as usual.
In fact, the whole room seemed to be bathed in a grayish hue, and the brightness of Zendawiss was somewhat dulled.  Zendawiss was eternally bright, so this should not be.  We did not have a nighttime, or a winter or fall.  In Zendawiss it was always bright and hot like late spring or summer, and it was always daytime.  Nighttime, winter and fall weather, and coldness were reserved for the dark cities. 
We still had bedtimes and rest times, but we had black out curtains for the windows when we needed darkness for sleep.  The blackout curtains in this receiving room, however, were wide open so it should not have been this dark.
I looked at Bellesa, uneasiness filling my onyx eyes as I said, “Why is it so dark here?”
Bellesa had the same uneasy look in her eyes as well as she answered, “I have no idea.”
Saphrina and Pimedus stood motionless in the center of the room, but I saw the trepidation in Pimedus’s eyes as he took Saphrina’s hand into his own in a protective manner.  Saphrina moved closer to him and he wrapped a massive arm around her slender shoulders and pulled her to him gently.  I could tell that Saphrina was confused, but then again she had not seen the brightness of Zendawiss before, so she had no way of knowing that this dullness was any different.
My thoughts were interrupted by the sound of the receiving room door being flung open in haste.  We all jumped at the sound, fearful that Drysu had found us, but it was Khanya who hurried into the room in a panicked state.  Her ruby red curls flew around her face as she came to a sudden stop in the doorway, and the white wispy material of her nightgown settled around her feet like a descending parachute.  The tri colors of her eyes swirled in colors of brown, darker brown, and green as they flew around the room taking us all in.  Relief settled into her face as she spotted Bellesa standing by my side, and she hurried over to her and gathered her into her arms, pulling her away from me.
“Thank the universe!  I thought I had lost you!”  Her voice shook with relief as she held Bellesa in her arms.  She looked at me with gratitude as she released Bellesa and took my hands into both of hers.  “Gatu, thank you so much for keeping her safe!  I thought that weasely vermin had taken you both.”
She had to be talking about Drysu, but I had to ask anyway.  “Who are you talking about?”
“Why, Pimedus, of course!  Who else would have taken you away”, she answered sternly as if I should have already known? 
Confused, I looked behind me to where Pimedus and Saphrina stood.  They had hidden themselves in a ball of darkness, but I could see the anger in Pimedus’s face at Khanya's words.  I looked over to Bellesa who was looking around the room in confusion.  When she looked at me, I shook my head slightly and gave her a look that I hoped she would understand.  Apparently, she did, because she did not say another word and just looked innocently at Khanya.
Unfortunately, Khanya saw the exchange between us and asked, “What?  What is the meaning of that look, Gatu?  Are you hiding something from me?”
“Khanya, you misunderstand”, I said trying to change the subject.  “Pimedus saved us.  Drysu was trying to kidnap me using Bellesa as bait, and Bellesa was hurt.”
Confusion was weighing me down, but something else was bothering me as well.  I had the strange feeling that something was not right with Khanya.  I looked her carefully up and down to try to find the source of my feelings.  
Khanya turned worried eyes to Bellesa and looked her up and down.  “She does not look hurt to me”, Khanya said matter-of-factly.
“That’s because Pimedus’s apprentice healed me”, Bellesa said.  “But, Khanya, you are hurt!”
I followed Bellesa’s eyes and saw a huge cut on Khanya's arm.  It was not bleeding, but it was red and swollen.
Khanya's eyes widened in surprise as she asked, “you met Pimedus’s mystery apprentice?  I have been asking to meet her for quite some time now.  What was she like?”
“She was very nice”, was all Bellesa said.
“Umm, Khanya, your arm”, I interrupted pointing at the angry red gash.
“Oh, that?  It is nothing.  I ran into something on my rush to find you two.  It will heal soon.  But enough of that, tell me about Pimedus’s apprentice.”  There was a gleam in Khanya's eyes that I could not place, and again that feeling that something was wrong with her came over me.
I quickly changed the subject before Khanya could press the issue further.  “Khanya, Drysu tried to kidnap me.  Shouldn’t we focus on that fact?”
“Yes, yes.  Of course, Gatu.”  Khanya said as she dropped my hands and moved further into the room.  “I do not know where Drysu is.  I was awoken from my slumber by a loud commotion in the east wing.  I went to check it out, but all I found was broken furniture and a broken balcony window.  I could not find Bellesa, so I went looking for you.  You were nowhere to be found, either.  There was a portal left open in the room where Pimedus stays, though I have no idea why he did not close it.”  
I saw Pimedus out of the corner of my eye slap himself in the forehead with the palm of his hand.  So, that is how the attack on us was able to get through to Pimedus’s portal, I thought to myself.  He had forgotten to close his portal in his haste to find out what had caused the commotion; therefore someone was able to use it to send an attack through.  When we had opened up another portal in Nochetawah, it automatically connected to the still open portal in Zendawiss where the ominous trapper portal was positioned and waiting for us.
This, however, still did not explain what was going on right now, so I asked, “Khanya, do you know why Zendawiss has darkened?”
“Ah, yes, I had almost forgotten about that.  I do not know the extent of the damage yet but…” her voice trailed off as she walked over to the large window and pointed outside.  The carelessness in her voice and her actions stunned me.  She had never been this unconcerned about Zendawiss before.  That strange feeling persisted in my gut as I looked at her apathetic face.  I glanced out the window where she was pointing and the feeling was forgotten.
My heart quickly sped up with fear as I saw what was out the window.  Rain poured in torrents from the sky, the likes of which I had never seen before.  It had never rained even a drizzle in Zendawiss.  I flinched as a flash of lightening lit up the room, and the following clap of thunder made me jump.
“Someone or something has thrown off the balance here in Zendawiss, which means the Earth and Nochetawah are probably affected as well.  As I said before, I do not know the extent of the damage, but I have my best balancers checking it out.”  Khanya did not seem overly concerned at the site of the rain pouring from Zendawiss’s skies, but shivers of dread and fear made their way up and down my spine.
I could tell that Bellesa was overly vexed as well, as the pink colors of her eyes swirled with trepidation.  I glanced warily at the wall where Pimedus and Saphrina were still hidden, and saw the worry and concern on Pimedus’s face.  He gave me a keep quiet look, and I looked away quickly before Khanya could follow my gaze.  
I knew she could not see them, but I did not want to bring attention to them either.  I sent a silent plea with my eyes to Bellesa, hoping that Khanya would not see.  I looked down at my feet as Khanya skewered me with a piercing gaze and asked, “Gatu, do you know anything about this?  Do you know what could have upset the balance?”
“No, ma’am”, was all I said.
“Bellesa?”  Khanya's voice was stern as she looked at Bellesa with that piercing gaze.
Bellesa seemed unbothered by that gaze as she answered, “I don’t know Khanya.  Maybe it has something to do with me leaving Zendawiss?”
“I doubt it”, she said with a dismissing wave of her hand.  “You have visited Nochetawah with me before.  But…” she looked at me with frighteningly suspicious eyes as she continued, “Gatu has never left Zendawiss.”
Bellesa’s eyes widened as she said, “Khanya, you’re right!  I never thought of that until now.  Could that have thrown the balance off this much, though?”
I put my hands out in front of me in a stopping gesture.  “Wait, wait.  Are you saying that I caused this?”
Khanya crossed her arms over her breasts as she answered, “well, do you have a better explanation?”
“This can’t be”, I said.  “There is no way the balance could be thrown off this much just from me traveling through a portal.”
“Gatu”, Khanya said as if she was scolding a child.  “You do not give yourself enough credit.  You are a very powerful soul who does not know how to control those powers.  You do not know how to balance your energies, or how to keep them in balance while you travel.  You should not have been allowed to travel through a portal without being properly trained on how to balance yourself as you travel.”
I cast an accusing glance toward the wall where Pimedus was hidden, and he just shrugged his shoulders in a helpless gesture.  Khanya threw her arms up frustratingly as she said, “Pimedus just come on out!  I know you are here.”
Pimedus looked over at Saphrina and gave a stay put motion with his hand before stepping out of his ball of darkness into the now dull light of Zendawiss.  He looked at Khanya sheepishly, shrugging his shoulders as he said, “there was not enough time to teach the boy properly.  Bellesa was badly hurt, so I gave him a crash course.”
“Just look what you have done”, Khanya scolded as she gestured toward the window where the rain continued to pour from the sky!
She was becoming angrier by the second, and it had worsened immensely when Pimedus had revealed himself.  She had not seemed so concerned with the imbalance, however, which only confirmed that something was not right with Khanya.  Furthermore, what was that earlier comment from Pimedus about, something about me not knowing the whole story between himself and Khanya?  What else was there about Khanya that I did not know?  
“You said you have your best balancers working on the problem, so why are you so upset”, Pimedus asked gently interrupting my thoughts?
“I am not upset”, Khanya replied as the colors in her eyes swirled violently.  “I am way beyond upset!  How dare you come into my city and steal my apprentice!”
“Whoa!  I did not steal anyone!  I was trying to save Bellesa!  Drysu is the one that tried to steal Gatu!  Maybe you should focus on that fact rather than yelling needlessly at me!”  Pimedus’s voice began to rise as his anger began to surface at Khanya's accusations.
“You have wanted to take Gatu to Nochetawah for a long time now!  Maybe this was just an excuse to do just that!”  Khanya's eyes and hair began to glow with power.  I took Bellesa’s hand and began to back away from the arguing couple as Pimedus’s white dreads began to be tossed about his head by an invisible angry wind.
“Yes, I have wanted to take him to Nochetawah.  FOR TRAINING!”  He stressed those last words rather loudly, as if he had told her this countless times before.  I continued to back away as I guided Bellesa with me.  I stopped close to the wall beside the dresser, and pushed Bellesa behind me.  I could feel the heated power in the room building as Pimedus continued to bellow at Khanya.
“I have told you that the boy needs to learn how to control his powers!  If he gets any stronger, his powers could start to become destructive if he doesn’t learn to control it!  You never listen to me!”
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Saphrina edge slowly toward the window.  She reached the window’s edge and peeped out, and the look in her eyes did nothing to calm my nerves.  She looked at me with a horrified look and gestured out the window.  I edged my way over to the window with Bellesa beside me.
A fear like I had never known radiated through my body as I pointed out the window and tried to speak around the lump in my throat.  “Everyone, look”, I cried loudly before Khanya or Pimedus could start shouting again!
Bellesa, who had followed me over to the window, stared in horror.  Khanya and Pimedus stopped fighting and came over to the front of the window as well.
No one moved for what seemed like an eternity, though it was only an instant.  It was as if we were frozen in a heartbeat of time, where everyone was standing and staring out of the window in terror.
Finally, Khanya spoke, her normally modulated voice taut with trepidation as she whispered, “Zendawiss is going dark.”

CHAPTER 6

The darkness was coming from the distant horizon, and we could see it spreading and growing before our eyes.  It was like a tornado of darkness, twisting, spreading, and eating everything around it as it passed.  
I looked down into the courtyard below and noticed that there were souls already starting to gather towards the gates of Khanya's mansion in a panic.  I nudged Saphrina, who was standing to my right, with my elbow gently and nodded my head towards them.  Her attention turned to where I was looking and a look of helplessness and despair crept into her tri-colored eyes.
Suddenly, Khanya backed away from the window, pointing an accusing finger towards Saphrina, whose ball of darkness had worn away from lack of concentration.
“Who the hell is this”, Khanya yelled at no one in particular!  Her eyes and hair still glowed with anger, and the fact that she was cursing showed just how angry she was.
Pimedus stepped in front of Saphrina, holding his hands out to Khanya in a calming gesture.  “Now, calm down Khanya.  This is my apprentice that you have been begging to meet.”
Khanya just narrowed her eyes at Saphrina.  “Hmph!  So this is the elusive apprentice?”
Saphrina poked her head out from behind Pimedus’s massive presence.  She smiled charmingly as she said, “hello, Khanya.  It’s nice to meet you finally.”
That seemed to calm Khanya a bit and she nodded a greeting.
“Umm, guys”, Bellesa said still staring out the window.  “I think we have a bigger problem here.”
 “Pimedus, if that darkness reaches Zendawiss it will be the end of us”, Khanya said, her voice quavering.  “Zendawiss will be destroyed if darkness overtakes it, and Nochetawah and Earth will follow.”
Pimedus turned to look out the window and said, “I think we still have time to stop it if we can.  It doesn’t look like it has reached the shore yet.  Maybe we can send some balancers down there to see if they can hold it off.”
“Maybe we should go down to the shore and check it out”, Saphrina said.  “Maybe we can help.”
“I have an idea.  Follow me.”  I didn’t wait to see if anyone was following as I made my way out of the receiving room, down the hall, and onto the balcony of the fourth floor.
“What are we doing out here”, Bellesa asked breathlessly as she caught up to me on the balcony?
“Shouldn’t we be running to the staircase”, Saphrina asked as she, too, came out onto the balcony?  “Pimedus and Khanya went that way, so why are we out here?”
“Just come here, and hold on”, I said as I held out my arms to the girls.  Bellesa understood, since she had flown with me before, but Saphrina seemed skeptical.
“Gatu, are you sure about this”, Bellesa asked as she walked up to me and wrapped her arms around my shoulders.  “You floated up to the ceiling before, but this is different.  You think you can do this?”
I lifted her onto my right hip as I answered, “I’m sure.  I got this flying thing down.”
“Umm…flying”, Saphrina asked uncertainly as Bellesa wrapped her legs around my waist?  I held out my left hand to Saphrina and gestured for her to come to me.
“Saphrina, it will be fine”, I said as she tentatively took my hand.  I lifted her up onto my left hip and she wrapped her legs around me as well.  
I closed my eyes and concentrated.  I called the air to me, commanded it to lift me into the air with the girls clinging onto me.  It was easier to control this time, and before I knew it, we were flying into the air, up and over the balcony, and toward the darkness that was creeping closer to Zendawiss.  
We could see from this higher viewpoint that it had not quite reached the edges of the city.  I kept going through the air until we reached the sandy beach that lead out to the sea.  It was at the end of the sea where the city ended and the infinity of space began.  I could see the great darkness coming towards the land over the sea, and it seemed to be sucking up the water as it came ever closer to us.
I landed gently, setting the girls down as I did.  I saw the fear in Bellesa’s eyes as she turned to me.  Her white hair whipped around her face from the wind, and rainwater ran down her face dripping off her cute button nose.  She licked her full lips and blinked the water from her eyes as she yelled over the sound of the wind, “What do we do now?”
I just shrugged my shoulders as I turned my attention to the ominous moving darkness.
“Whatever we decide to do we should do it quickly.  That darkness is moving fast”, Saphrina said loudly as she looked worriedly toward the oncoming darkness.
I looked hopelessly at Bellesa, then Saphrina, then back at the ever-closer darkness.  I could not believe this was happening.  I had been through so much, had learned so little, and my relationship with Bellesa was just starting to go the way I wanted it.  
The unfairness of it all gathered bitterly inside my heart, and my hands began to shake at my sides.  I could feel the emotions swirling and filling up inside me as I began to move slowly down the beach toward the sea.  As the darkness moved ever closer to me, I moved closer to it in sync.  I reached out for it, called to it, and it answered my call.  I could feel the darkness like an old friend coming home.
I thought about calling the darkness to me, absorbing it into me, molding it and shaping it into some harmless form that would not move ominously across the sea and threaten to destroy us all.  That thought was quickly erased; however, as I felt the menacing energy radiating from it as it gravitated toward me.
I focused on that energy as the darkness got closer and closer, but all I could make of it is that this darkness could not be controlled.  It was like the darkness of Nochetawah, all surrounding and natural, like it was meant to be here.
But that was impossible.
This was Zendawiss, not Nochetawah, so why was this darkness even here?  Moreover, why could it not be controlled?  There was nothing I could do, and helplessness enveloped me as I watched it draw ever nearer to the shore of the beach.  
Time seemed to stop as the darkness came very near to the sand.  I felt the sand shifting underneath my feet, then start to shake, and then start rolling like waves beneath me.  I could feel power radiating through me, swirling from my head, down through my feet, and into the sand.  Anger, sadness, and hopelessness twisted through me with the power, and I could feel it flowing out of me into the sand beneath my feet.
I heard voices calling my name, distant and echoing as if I was hearing it under water.  I heard Saphrina’s ringing cry, Bellesa’s silvery tones, and Pimedus’s booming call.  Apparently, Pimedus and Khanya had caught up to us.  As if in a dream, I turned slowly away from the water and looming darkness to look back towards the girls where they still stood at the edge of the sand where the beach met the grass.  I saw Pimedus behind them wearing an awestruck look, as did the girls, but they were not looking at me.  They were looking behind me towards the sea, and they all went silent.
“What did you do”, Bellesa said in a breathless voice, and I noticed that the noise of the wind had died down?
I looked at her confused, and Pimedus simply pointed willing me to look.  I turned back toward the sea, and the same awestruck look came over my face.
 A massive wall of sand stood before me, growing higher and swirling and shifting with power.  I did not know if I had done that, and if I did I had no idea how I had done it.  I did know that the darkness was not coming toward the shore any longer, because it was hidden behind the giant wall of sand.  I focused on the sand beneath my feet, willing it to make the wall higher, and it worked!  I was controlling the sand!
I focused on the wall, asking it to grow and swell higher and longer until it made a dome shape around the entire city, and that worked too!  Strangely, the more sand I sent into the wall, the more sand that appeared on the shore of the beach like the beach had an infinite supply of sand.  That was fine with me, because Zendawiss was a big city and I needed all the sand I could get to form the dome.  
I commanded the sand to glow to give light to Zendawiss and cut through the dark and it complied, creating a golden glow as it rose over and surrounded the city with its golden light.
When it was formed and I was satisfied that it had blocked out the darkness, I turned back to Pimedus and the girls with a triumphant look on my face.  Bellesa still held a look of awe and wonderment, as did Saphrina.  Pimedus, on the other hand, was walking toward me with his ice blue eyes shining with pride.
“Well, it looks like our wonder boy has yet another hidden power”, he said giving me a good-natured slap on the shoulder. 
He walked up as close to the wall of sand as he could get without getting into the water, reaching out a hand as if to touch it.  A wicked gleam alit in his eye as he ran his hand up and down in the air as if he were stroking the wall.
“Pimedus, what are you doing”, Saphrina asked as her and Bellesa joined us on the beach?
“Watch this”, he replied waggling his eyebrows up and down and making the girls giggle.
He closed his eyes in concentration as his hands rose out in front of him, palms facing out.  After a few seconds fire flew from his palms.  The heat was intense, but it did not seem to bother Pimedus in the least.  I felt the heat from the blaze since I was standing near Pimedus, but it wasn’t hot enough to make me uncomfortable.
The fire flew from his palms, hitting the sand dome and engulfing the whole of it in a white-hot inferno.  I watched mesmerized as the licking flames burned the sand dome for what seemed like an eternity.  Finally, the flames subsided slowly, and I gasped in amazement at the effect.
What had been a dome of swirling, shifting, glowing sand had been burned into a sheer translucent dome of glass that shone it’s light over Zendawiss like a giant, low watt light bulb.  The whole city was encased in a glowing glass dome, and I could see the darkness now pressing against the glass.  It swirled violently outside of the dome, seemingly angry at being denied entrance.
“That was awesome”, Saphrina gasped in amazement.  “Can you do it again?”
I thought about it and nodded my head as I said, “Yeah, I think I can.  If I can gather enough energy and concentrate on the sand I believe I could.”
“Did you happen to scry the darkness”, Pimedus asked?
“Actually, yes I did.  I tried to absorb it and control it at first, but I was too scared.  When I scryed it I realized that it was a form of darkness that cannot be controlled.  It was not pure energy, but was created.  The strange thing is what it was created for.”
I paused for a moment, looking to Pimedus who stood waiting for me to continue.  I swallowed a lump that had formed in my throat, and my voice quivered a little with anxiety as I continued.  “This energy is the energy that forms a city.  It’s almost like it came from Nochetawah or another dark city.”
Bellesa’s eyes widened as she looked up at the darkness that was threatening to push its way through the dome.  “But, that’s impossible.  How can the darkness from a dark city be here?”
Saphrina responded quietly, her voice quivering, “if the darkness is here in Zendawiss, does that mean the light that left Zendawiss is going to overtake Nochetawah?”
Apparently, this had not occurred to Pimedus until Saphrina said it, and he looked at me with terror in his eyes.  
Khanya came hurrying down the beach out of breath with her red hair dripping from the rain and frazzled from the wind.  “What is going on”, she asked breathlessly?
“It would seem that Gatu just saved Zendawiss”, Pimedus answered.
“Well, you helped too”, I answered.  Khanya just looked from one to the other of us, then her eyes widened with astonishment when she glanced up and saw the glass dome surrounding Zendawiss.
“I need to borrow Gatu again, with your permission Khanya”, Pimedus said.
“Why do you need Gatu, and why do you look so scared”, Khanya responded still staring at the glass dome?
Her gaze snapped back to Pimedus as he answered, “It would appear that this energy is the darkness that comes from a dark city, which would mean that there may be light trying to take over Nochetawah.  I need Gatu to create a dome in Nochetawah like he did here.”
Khanya narrowed her eyes at me suspiciously.  “Gatu, you did this?”
I kicked a little sand with my toe as I answered sheepishly, “well, yes.  It seems that I have power over the sand.”
“Earth control, to be specific”, Saphrina chimed in, and I swore I heard a sliver of pride in her voice.
Khanya stood silent for a moment before responding, “Yes, of course.  I will stay here and settle everyone down.  I will contact Oracle while you are gone.  She may be able to send some more powerful balancers.”
Pimedus stiffened at the mention of Oracle.  “Do we have to ask her for help?  I have some powerful balancers in Nochetawah.  Please, let us try to fix this ourselves first.”  He looked pleadingly at Khanya, and I remembered Pimedus’s story.  Oracle had sent him here to atone for his actions, and this could look bad for him if he could not fix this problem on his own.
Apparently, Khanya understood this as well.  Her eyes softened a bit and her tone was calm as she answered, “very well, Pimedus.  Send the balancers and mine will brief them.  They can work together and hopefully fix this situation.  Nevertheless, Pimedus, I still need to tell her what is going on.  I will tell her the situation is under control.  She may have her scouts out here, so keeping information from her would be just as bad as not contacting her at all.”
Scouts that worked with Devine Oracle and Rhyad (the current leader of Pluto) kept the peace in the solar system.  They were sent to the various cities to monitor and report any findings back to the leaders.  They were basically the spies and law enforcers for the entire solar system.
Apparently, Pimedus had momentarily forgotten about the possible presence of scouts, but at Khanya's words he simply nodded.  “Yes, that is a good idea.  I will stay in Nochetawah, but I will send Saphrina back as my liaison for the meeting with Oracle.  You can tell her that I am busy making sure my people are safe.  Maybe she will not demand my presence.”
Khanya smiled, and for some unknown reason that smile made me uneasy deep inside my gut.  “Perfect”, was all she said as she turned and walked back up the beach.
“Does anyone else think that Khanya handled that way too well”, I asked looking at Bellesa?
Bellesa was already nodding her agreement before she said, “yes I noticed.  Maybe she’s in shock or something.”
“Or something”, I heard Pimedus mumble, but the girls did not seem to hear.  He turned to me and said aloud, “Gatu, when you step through the portal this time, you need to be balanced.  I will give you a crash course.”
I nodded my agreement and stepped in front of Pimedus.  He looked at me with a look I could not read, staring me up and down with wary eyes.  Finally, he took a deep breath and said, “first of all, you need to clear your mind.  Picture a blank black screen in your mind.  Now focus on that screen.”
Pimedus’s voice became very modulated and calming and I lost myself in the sound of his voice and concentrated on his words.  I pictured the screen in my mind like he had demanded and focused on it. 
His words came floating into my mind like a dream as I kept my focus on the blackness in my mind.  “Now, picture a small white dot in the middle of the screen.  Picture it growing larger and larger until it fills the entire screen until the screen is white instead of black.”
I did this too, and a peacefulness I had never known before fell over me.  I was lost in a trance like state, but I was not scared.  I was at peace, floating in the dreamlike state of my mind with the white screen.  
Pimedus’s voice once again entered my thoughts and I listened to the words.  “Now, focus on your body.  Imagine that you are straight and strong like the trunk of a tree.  Imagine that you have roots like a tree, and these roots are growing from your feet and into the ground.  Imagine the energy from the ground rising into your roots, flowing into your body, and spilling out the top of your head.”
I did this, and I could feel the energy coming up from the ground, filling me up, and then bursting out of the top of my head.  It was as if I was a circuit for the energy, and I connected the energy of the earth to the energy of the sky.  
Pimedus’s voice came through again, this time louder and boisterous.  “Now, focus on the energy flowing through your body.  Some of it is light, and some dark.  Bring the two screens back into your mind, and change the color of the screen from black to white over and over until you feel as if you have the same amount of light and dark energy inside you.”
I changed the colors of the screen in my mind several times, and finally it just seemed to click inside me.  It was like a room that is too dark, you flip on the light and now it is too bright.  Then you start to dim the lights until they seem just right.
Pimedus’s voice sounded in my mind one more time, strong and stern and snapping me back into reality.  “Wake up now!”
I blinked a couple of times and looked around.  Saphrina and Bellesa were smiling at me, and Pimedus wore a satisfied expression.  “How do you feel?”
I thought about it for a minute then answered, “better than I have ever felt before.”  It was true.  I had never felt so at peace, so strong, and so grounded.  I felt like I could take on the world!  “Do I have to do that every time I travel through a portal?”
“Well, the exercise gets easier every time you do it.  Before long, your mind will automatically do it for you, like breathing.”  This from Bellesa as she stepped up to my side and took my hand.
Saphrina stepped away from us and began to make a portal.  When the portal was formed, we all stepped into it to be transported back to Nochetawah.  I was getting used to portal travel now, the familiar pulling sensation, then the flying, then landing on my feet on the other side.  It was starting to become easy to me, and I wondered if it had something to do with the balancing exercise.  
Pimedus was looking out over the sea of Nochetawah as we came out of the portal onto Nochetawah’s beach, and a hint of trepidation entered into the crystal blue of his eyes.  I turned to follow his look.
The beach of Nochetawah resembled Zendawiss’s, except for the color of the sea and sand.  Where Zendawiss had bleached white, sparkling sands Nochetawahs’s sand was more earthy brown.  Zendawiss had crystal blue waters like the color of Pimedus’s eyes, and Nochetawah’s sea was more dark and murky blue.  The beach was alight under the full of Nochetawah’s moon and stars, and as I looked out over the dark waters of Nochetawah’s sea I gasped.
A bright light was making its way over the waters, like when the sunrise casts it’s light over the ocean.  The light energy swirled and sparkled as it ate up the darkened water of the sea.  I walked towards the light just as I had done with the darkness in Zendawiss, and like in Zendawiss I closed my eyes and concentrated on the sand at my feet.  I felt my powers filling me up, but this time it was different.  It felt more powerful, more complete, and more controllable. 
I felt the pull of energy coursing through me, filling me up and swirling through my entire body.  I released it through my feet and into the earth, commanding the sand to form the dome over Nochetawah as it had over Zendawiss.  I heard Bellesa gasp and Saphrina gave a victorious whoop.
I opened my eyes and saw the dome rising over the city and blocking out the light.  Pimedus did his part, using his fire magic to heat the sand into glass, only this time the glass was smoky and tinted.  The light hit the dome and stopped, just as the darkness had in Zendawiss.  Bright light swirled and wrapped around the dome seeking entrance, but it could not penetrate the glass of the dome that Pimedus and I had created and the smoky tint kept the light from lighting up the darkness of Nochetawah.
“Now what”, Bellesa asked, and I noticed the fear in her eyes had not abated?  I moved beside her and took her hand into mine and stroked the back of it with my thumb in a comforting gesture.
“Everything will be fine, Bellesa.  I am sure the balancers will fix everything.”
She looked into my eyes and smiled a sad little smile, then gently pulled her hand from mine and turned away.  “I hope so”, was all she said.
Her rejection stung my heart and I simply stood there and watched her walk away.  Had I said or done something to anger her?  Had I done something wrong?  I shook my head to ward away the insecure feelings. 
We did not have time for this now.  Later, I promised myself, I would talk to her about everything.  I would confess my love and hopefully share another of those kisses with her.
I looked to Pimedus and his expression had calmed.  He looked relieved and all of the worry that had been there before was gone.  “Thank you, Gatu.  I will go find my balancers.  For now, you three need to get back to Zendawiss.”
I nodded, and Saphrina ran over to Pimedus.  He opened his arms and she fell into them as he enveloped her in his embrace.  As he held her in a comforting hug, jealousy invaded my thoughts.  The sight of Saphrina in Pimedus’s arms bothered me, though I did not know why.  
What in the hell was that about I asked myself as I shoved those feelings away?  Why in the hell would I be jealous over Pimedus and Saphrina?  I explained it away in my mind, telling myself that it was because I had just found her again and I did not want to share her affections with anyone else.  I knew this to be a lame excuse, but I accepted it anyway for now.  I would have to explore all of this after this crisis had ended.
I said not another word as Bellesa created a portal back to Zendawiss and I began my mental preparations for portal travel as Pimedus had taught me.  Saphrina left Pimedus, sadness radiating from the pink, red, and green rings in her eyes.  She stepped into the portal first and disappeared from sight.
Bellesa gestured me to go next, and I gave her a questioning look.  She simply smiled that same sad smile at me and looked away quickly.  I said nothing, simply stepping into the portal, and I could feel her presence behind me as she followed me through.
This time traveling through the portal was as natural as walking for me, and I traveled through and landed easily.  As we stepped back into Zendawiss an unnatural uneasiness came over me as I looked around.
Zendawiss was a city of light, brightness, and activity.  There was never a time that I could remember when the streets of Zendawiss were empty.  As we made our way across the beach we did not see one soul.  No one, no music, no dancing, no beach parties.  It was just an empty beach.
The white sand had lost its sparkle, and the water seemed dull and still.  There was no blue sky and bright sun, only the glowing glass dome with the pressing darkness showed in the sky.  There was still a slight breeze blowing, but it was cold and damp and rain still drizzled slightly from the sky though I had no idea how.  I jumped as I heard a clap of thunder, and a flash of lightening lit up the air above our heads.
“Where is the storm coming from”, I asked to no one in particular?
Saphrina answered me, her voice quiet and sad.  “There is still a little atmosphere left inside the dome.  The storm will probably go away soon.”
She said nothing more as we made our way across the sands and onto the sidewalk that led off the beach and into the city.
The large, impressive main sidewalk that traversed throughout the city of Zendawiss was made of the purest crystal stones, but they had lost their shine.  We walked in silence, our steps echoing loudly on the stones as we continued to walk along.  The sidewalk followed the main road through the city, but there were no cars to be seen traveling along the road.  Most of the vehicles were parked in front of the various buildings and houses that we passed. 
We came to the center of town, a massive circle with a large university right in the center.  This was where souls came to learn and grow into their powers, but right now it was eerily empty and quiet.  There were many more buildings in the city, and roads branching off from the main circle around the university.
We walked straight across the circle, past the university, and continued along the largest road that led to Khanya's mansion.  There was an amusement park somewhere in the city, and as we continued on I could see the Ferris wheel towering over the other buildings.  Usually spinning and lit up brightly, it now sat eerily still and empty.  There were no sounds of laughter and screams floating in the air, so I assumed that all the rides were equally still and dark.
We passed many little houses, cottages, larger houses, and even small mansions along the road as we made our way swiftly thorough the living neighborhoods of the city.  Every home we passed was dark, foreboding, and empty.  
“Where is everyone”, Bellesa asked softly, fright making her voice quiver?  She shivered a little and ran her hands up and down her arms.  I began to move closer to her side so I could put my arms around her to offer comfort and warmth, but remembered her rejection from earlier and changed my mind.
“I was about to ask that same question”, I answered simply as I continued walking straight along.
Saphrina, who was walking at my other side, said, “It is very strange.  It’s like everyone is hiding.”
No one said anything else as we kept walking toward the mansion.  By the time we arrived at the main gates we were all soaking wet and miserable.  The gates, which were normally opened and inviting, were closed and locked.  There were no signs of life anywhere.  No souls walking in the courtyard or gardens, no faces peeking out of the windows, and no one in the guard shack in front of the gates.
A shiver of apprehension went up my spine as I approached the gate.  I pushed on the massive gate, but it refused to budge.  I shrugged my shoulders and looked around, but there was no one anywhere.
“I guess I could fly us over the gate”, I suggested.  
Bellesa walked up and gingerly wrapped her arms around my neck.  Instead of lifting her up on my hip as I had before, I wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled her to me into a hug.  It felt good to have her in my arms again, but my heart plummeted as I felt her stiffen in my arms.
I could not stand it any longer.  I had to know.  “Bellesa, what’s wrong”, I asked, whispering into her ear as I held her to me?
I felt her breath against my neck as she sighed and answered in a breathless voice, “it’s nothing, Gatu.  We can talk later, okay?”
Her words did nothing to calm the rapid nervous beating of my heart.  I decided not to press the issue, and instead pulled her around and lifted her onto my hip.
I held my other hand out to Saphrina who came into my embrace and I easily lifted her up onto my other hip.  “Gatu, you are so strong”, Saphrina said admirably, and I felt Bellesa stiffen even more at her words.
I thought nothing more about it, and instead focused on calling the air to me.  I could feel it wrap it’s now familiar tendrils around me, playing in my hair and caressing my face.  It played with my hair, whipping it about as it lifted us easily up and over the gates of the mansion.
As we came down softly on the other side, Bellesa quickly jumped down and away from me, not waiting for me to set her down gently.  My heart skipped painfully in my chest, and sorrow threatened to drown me.  What had I done to warrant this treatment?  
I could not worry about it now, however, because Bellesa was practically running to the front doors of the mansion, and I had to hurry to catch her.  I sat Saphrina down gently, and then darted away after Bellesa.  I heard Saphrina’s thundering footsteps as she followed.  
When we reached the doors, Bellesa was turning the knob and trying to push her way in, but the doors would not budge.  She pounded on the doors yelling for Khanya, but no one answered.
Still the doors did not budge.
My trepidation and fear increased as Bellesa’s knocks and calls continued to go unanswered.  I looked helplessly at Bellesa, and she returned my look.  Shakily, she sank to the ground onto her knees and hid her face in her hands.  Silent sobs shook her shoulders, and I forgot about her rejections and sank down with her.  I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her to me, and this time she came easily sinking into my embrace and weeping softly onto my shoulder.
Saphrina, her voice quiet and soothing, said, “Gatu, maybe you could fly us up to the fifth floor balcony.  Khanya said the balcony door had been broken, so we can enter there.”
Bellesa sniffed against my shirt and lifted her head slightly.  Her voice was tremulous from crying as she responded between sniffs.  “You’re right.  That’s a good idea.”  I let her go and she lifted herself off the ground.  
I rose up as well and looked up to the balcony.  “Come on, let’s go”, Saphrina said as she wrapped herself around my side.  Bellesa did the same on my other side and I noticed how familiar this was becoming to me.  
Bellesa holding tightly to one side and Saphrina to the other, and me willing the air to lift us up into the air began to feel as normal as my own skin.  We rose easily into the air and rapidly reached the balcony on the fifth floor of Khanya's mansion.  I looked around apprehensively as we glided down to the floor of the balcony.
The last time I had been here was when Bellesa had been cut with the knife that sat inside the sheath of the cane that Saphrina now carried attached to a loop on the hip of her black, tight fitting dress.  The doors to the balcony were closed, but the glass panes had been shattered out of one of them.  A huge, ragged, black mark marred the perfect whiteness of the balcony floor in the place where Drysu had stood with Bellesa in his clutches.
That mark must have been from my light attack I realized, and must have shattered the window as well as Drysu had run away from it.  I glanced inside and followed the marks where it had chased Drysu down the hallway and into the first door on the right side of the hall.  The door hung askew, and the frame of the door was splintered on one side.
“Wow”, whispered Bellesa.  “You did some real damage with that attack.”
“Heh, yeah.  I still don’t even know how I did it”, I answered sheepishly.  I shrugged my shoulders as is said it.  This made Bellesa smile slightly, and my heart lightened a little.  
I had not realized how heavy my heart had gotten with her strange treatment, but the small smile she gave me at that moment lifted the gloom somewhat.  I returned her smile as I lowered her gently to the floor, and Saphrina jumped down off my other hip.  
A sound like thunder reverberated down the hallway, and the three of us, startled by the sound, jumped out of our skins.  There was a sudden flash of light and then silence.  
Nothing happened for the span of a heartbeat, and then the door that was hanging askew flew all the way off its hinges and crashed into the opposite wall across the hallway.  Drysu stepped out of the door, smiling evilly as he started toward the balcony.

CHAPTER 7

Bellesa narrowed her eyes at him and her skin began to glow and swirl with pastel colors.  “You’re not going to get us as easily this time”, she said angrily as she called her powers, and suddenly all three of us was surrounded by a bright light shield that shimmered with power and strength.  
Drysu stopped in his tracks, but the evil smug smile never left his face as he said, “you are no match for me as you have already found out.  And you, Gatu, got lucky that last time.”
“You caught me unaware last time, but I am well prepared this time around”, Bellesa responded.  The light shield she had created shimmered intensely as her emotions grew, but it held fast in place.
“Do you children really think you can stop me?”  He emphasized the word children with a sneer, which earned him an angry look from Saphrina and made my skin crawl with irritation. 
“I’m not gonna go so easy on you this time, Drysu”, I shot back as he inched forward just a fraction.
He laughed, an evil sound that sent shivers of apprehension up my spine, as he replied, “do you really think that measly little shield will keep me away from you?”
I stepped forward, placing myself in front of the girls in a protective stance.  “This is between you and me.  Leave them out of it.”  My voice had grown deep and menacing, and my eyes narrowed in threat as I pierced him with an intimidating stare.
Drysu just smirked menacingly and seemed unmoved by my stare.  He began to move forward once more, and when he was mere feet away from the balcony door I began to call my power.
It was easy this time.  I simply willed the energy around me to come to me, and it came willingly and lovingly.  It filled my body in a warm, soft hug swirling inside me gently and calming my nerves.  I felt it inside me like a part of my own body, and my eyes closed at the calming sensations it created in my heart.  I smiled as I felt my body began to glow with power, and I opened my eyes as the power reached them.  I knew my eyes were glowing, because I could see the light shining from them out of my peripheral vision.  The sight of my glowing skin and eyes must have unnerved Drysu, because he stopped suddenly right before he reached the balcony door.
“What are you doing”, he asked, but he was not looking at me?  His voice rose in trepidation and the smug smile left his face to be replaced by a look of confusion.
I turned my gaze to see what had made him hesitate, and the sight of Khanya stepping out of the light where she had been hidden on the other side of the balcony filled me with relief.  My relief was short lived as I saw the loathing look she shot at me as she made her way toward me.
Her voice contained a sweetness that refuted the look in her eyes as she spoke to Bellesa.  “Bellesa, dear, be a sweetheart and take down the shield.  No one is going to harm you.”
I saw the confusion in her eyes as Khanya stared at me with that loathsome look as she glided across the balcony floor toward Drysu.  “Khanya, what is going on”, she asked, and I saw the shield flicker and grow just a little weaker?
“It would seem”, Khanya said, the pleasantness in her voice remaining, “that Divine Oracle herself has requested the presence of our lovely Gatu here.  I will be extremely saddened to inform her that he has met with a tragic accident before he could make it here.  Poor Pimedus will face murder charges once again, and his apprentice will be by his side as an accomplice to the crime.  Poor girl was misled by that evil Pimedus, so maybe Oracle will go easy on her.”
Bellesa’s eyes widened and I could see her concentration wavering like her shield.  My concentration slipped as well and the energy that had been churning inside me before stilled somewhat as the glow left my skin and eyes. 
My heart began to race with fear as Drysu moved ever closer to us and Khanya joined him at his side, her evil smile almost a match for his.  Her eyes shone like topaz and her fiery red hair played around her face in the slight breeze.  Drysu’s solid white eyes were glowing as well, like fresh fallen snow on a sunny winter day, and his black skin shimmered like shined jet stones.
I glanced over at Bellesa and saw tears saturating her red, power filled eyes.  She looked at me horrified and grief stricken as her shield began to waver and disappear.  Her breathing came in short shallow gasps as she tried to stifle sobs that threatened to burst from her trembling lips.  
Her voice was shaky and strained as she spoke.  “Khanya, why are you doing this”, was all she could manage before a trembling sob escaped her throat?
Khanya's voice was no longer dripping with saccharinity as she answered maliciously, “why?  I will tell you exactly why!”
Her eyes never left me as she spoke, causing my pulse to race in my throat.  “Pimedus created me first, dear brother!”  She spat the word brother at me as if it were something poison and I stared at her with wide incredulous eyes.  “And yet he favors you!  Why?!  Why does he always reject me?!  I will show him!  I will show him what power really is!”
I began to back closer to the girls and I saw out of the corner of my eye Bellesa crumble to the balcony floor.  Saphrina went to her and wrapped her arms around her, holding her in a sitting position as Bellesa wept into her hands.  Saphrina began rocking her back and forth in a comforting motion, and the shield that had been around us flickered one more time before it disappeared and died.
I heard Bellesa’s quiet sobs and Saphrina’s whispered comforting tone as I backed closer to the railing of the balcony.  For now, Drysu and Khanya's attention was focused on me, so I tried to converse with them to keep it that way.
“What does this have to do with me”, I asked Khanya as she inched ever closer to me?
“You are nothing to me”, Khanya answered sharply!  “However, I simply cannot let you live.  You have grown very powerful, and I cannot let you spoil my plans.  Pimedus is too sentimental to appreciate real power.  It is no wonder he prefers you over me.”
A strange calm settled over me as the shock of Khanya's betrayal began to wear thin.  My heartbeat slowed and my voice lost its shakiness as I continued to engage Khanya in conversation to keep her attention averted from the girls.  “What plans do you have, Khanya?”
“No, Gatu, I am not going to reveal my plans to you.  If only you would have taken Drysu up on his offer, you could have joined us.  You would have been a powerful ally, but I cannot have you as an enemy.”
Drysu’s evil smile was still plastered on his face as he said, “I will kill him, Khanya.  I have a score to settle with him.”
“Such a pity.  I would have loved the honor, but you are the boss”, Khanya remarked.
I could not process this fast enough in my mind.  Khanya was Pimedus’s creation?  Why was she in league with Drysu?  What were they trying to accomplish by killing me and framing Pimedus?  All these questions reeled in my mind, but I could not focus on that.  In this moment, I had to keep their attention averted from the girls, especially since I saw Saphrina out of the corner of my eye trying stealthily to make a small portal for her and Bellesa to escape.  
I backed away even more, backing as close to the balcony railing as I could get, then sliding to the side away from the girls as I asked, “why would you want to get rid of Pimedus, Drysu?  Don’t you have your own city to lead?”
He laughed maliciously as he answered, “The city is not what I am after, dear boy.  I am after the whole solar system.”
Saphrina almost had the portal made, and she was looking at me with desperation in her eyes.  I knew she did not want to leave me, but she had no choice, and I just wanted her and Bellesa safe.  I made no move to acknowledge the girls, and instead began to call my power again.  Hopefully, it would distract them long enough for the girls to escape through the portal.
As my skin and eyes began to glow I said, “Go ahead and try me, Drysu.  I won’t miss this time.”  I raised my hands and called the light to me, and it obeyed and came to my call.  It wrapped me in a bright, warm embrace, swirling up my legs, through my body, down my arms, and into my hands.  My hands glowed like the sun as the power gathered into them and grew until I felt like I could hold no more.
“Get down”, Khanya called as she grabbed the back of Drysu’s shirt and dove to the floor.
Drysu went down as well, but I had expected this.  When I let go of all that light, I aimed right at the floor where they were huddled.  
There was a sound like a giant retort of thunder and a frightful blast that blasted me into the air.  I tried to orient myself as I felt myself falling.  I heard Bellesa scream my name as I plummeted, and then I realized that I had missed the balcony when I had come back down and was falling five stories to the ground.  I called the air to me and it responded, catching me in its embrace and slowing my decent.  I saw a bright flash from above and heard Khanya scream in rage as I caught myself with the air at my command and hovered just above the ground.
That had been a close one!  I looked down at my feet and the ground had only been a couple of feet away.  I glanced back up at the balcony again, and saw Drysu’s black head peer over the balcony railing.  I quickly moved so that the balcony hid me from sight, hoping that he had not seen me.  As I floated back up toward the underside of the balcony I could hear Drysu and Khanya talking.
“You let them get away”, Drysu was screaming at Khanya, his nasally voice was high-pitched and grating in his irritation.
“The girls do not matter.  Bellesa would not betray me.  Besides, if I had not put up that shield at the last minute you would be dead right now anyway.”  Khanya's voice was soft and honeyed again as she spoke to Drysu.  
I reached the underside of the balcony, being sure to stay right in the middle in case one of them looked over.  Relief spiraled through me upon learning that the girls had gotten away.
“I do not trust that your precious creation will not turn on us.  You saw her crying.  Right now we have to go find the body.  I am sure Gatu could not have survived that fall.”  Drysu’s voice was very close, so I assumed he was looking over the edge of the balcony as he spoke.
I was glad that they did not know I could fly.  They had seen me float once, but I had not floated very far and floating was a hell of a lot different from flying.  I could get away while they were looking for my “body” and, hopefully, find all the other souls.  I could hide somewhere until the girls and Pimedus came back for me.  At least, I hoped that the girls had gone to get Pimedus.  I did not know where else they would have gone.  
Khanya's voice cut through my thoughts.  “Fine.  I will go down and look for him.  You go to the office and greet Oracle.  I will be there shortly.”
“This plan is not going to work unless she is dead, too.  I will be there to greet her with death.”  He paused to laugh a chilling cackle before continuing.  “Remember what you have to do.  Pimedus must die as well, and only you can get close enough to accomplish the task.”  Drysu’s voice was low and threatening, and chills went through my entire body at his next words.  “When Oracle is dead, you will take her place, and then I will take care of Rhyad and take over Pluto.  We will appoint our own slaves to lead Zendawiss and Nochetawah.  Once we are in place as the leaders, the solar system will have no choice but to follow us.”
My heart started beating rapidly in my chest and I wavered in the air as my concentration broke a little.  I stabilized myself in the air as I heard Khanya say, “yes, and if anyone dares to defy us, we will destroy their precious planets and make new ones of our own with our own slaves in place as leaders.”
They both laughed maniacal laughs as they left the balcony, and I heard them continue talking and scheming as they walked down the hall.  I hovered where I was for a few more minutes before I floated slowly up to the railing, just high enough that I could peek through the banisters to see if they were gone.  I did not see anyone, so I floated up and over and landed once more on the balcony.
I did not know what to do, where to go, or who I could trust.  The one person I thought I could trust had just shattered that confidence into a million pieces along with my heart.  This could not be the Khanya I had grown to love and respect.  What had happened to her to make her turn on everyone who cared about her?  All of her creations loved and respected her, and I thought she had reciprocated those feelings, especially where Bellesa was concerned.
Something was not right here, but I could not put my finger on it.  I left the balcony, carefully stepping through the shattered balcony door.  I walked cautiously over the broken glass as I moved stealthily down the hallway.  I paused by each door, quietly opening the ones that were not locked and warily peeking inside each room looking for any souls I could find.  
My search came up empty when I came to the great staircase that led back down to the other floors.  I paused for a moment, crouching and hiding in one of the doorways in case Drysu or Khanya came down the hallway.  I could not hide in shadow from Drysu, but Khanya would not be able to see me.  I wrapped the darkness around myself, seemingly invisible to those who could not see inside the darkness just in case Khanya came looking.  If I ran into Drysu, I would have to find other means to hide.
As if I had conjured him from my thoughts, I heard his nasal cartoon-like voice coming from one of the rooms a few doors down past the staircase.  He sounded angry as his voice rose to a higher octave, so I furtively crept closer to the door so I could hear what he was saying.
“What do you mean Oracle is not available”, he was screaming to someone in the room?
“As I said before, sir, she was called away on important business that does not concern you.  She sent me as her scout, so whatever you have to say to her you can say to me.”  The person speaking sounded provoked as if he had been arguing with Drysu for a while.  
There was a very slight pause before Drysu responded, “I do not trust this sensitive information to some scout.”  He said the word “scout” as if he were spitting out poison.  “I need to see Oracle, and time is of the essence.”
“I am sorry, but you will just have to tell me, or you will have to wait for her to return.  I have no other options for you.”  The scout’s tone was matter-of-fact and left no room for argument.
After a few seconds, I heard Drysu’s cursing and the sound of footsteps pacing back and forth in the room.  I did not hear the scout, and I did not hear Drysu speak other than cursing to himself, so I assumed the scout had left.  
I felt some slight relief that Drysu’s plans were not working out the way he had intended.  I had no idea where to go or what to do from here, so I slipped back to the main staircase and went down to the first floor.  As I neared the bottom of the stairs, the front doors to the mansion burst open and Khanya entered looking frazzled and angry.  I was still hidden in shadow so I knew she could not see me, but I shrank back in fear nonetheless.  
I knew the cause of her anger must be her failure to find my body, but there seemed to be more to it than that.  Once again, that feeling that something was wrong with Khanya creeped into my brain as she walked across the foyer and started up the stairs.  I moved quickly out of her way so as not to touch her, because touch could melt away a spell of hiding.  
She glided past me, mumbling something about Drysu and her hatred of him.  I found this information confusing judging from her behavior toward him on the balcony, but I cast this information aside for now.  That eerie creepy something-is-not-right feeling intensified as Khanya glided past me, and for some reason my hand instinctually reached out to grab her.  Quickly, I snatched my hand back before it could touch her, and Khanya glided harmlessly past me oblivious to my presence.
My heart was pounding inside my chest, and I let out a breath I had not even known I was holding when she passed me by.  What was that all about I wondered to myself as she continued up the staircase?  I watched her until she was out of sight, then I made my way down the stairs.  Once I was all the way down, I wondered where to go next.  I still had not seen or heard from a single soul except for Drysu, Khanya, and the mysterious scout, and I had no idea where they all might be.
On instinct, I made my way to the dining hall and slowly and quietly opened the huge double doors.  I found it odd that I had to open them, because they had always been wide open.  I had never seen them closed before, and I marveled at the intricate designs on the doors as I opened them.
The doors were solid white, and the designs (which appeared to be some ancient runic symbols) were outlined in gold.  The doors glided open soundlessly, and when they were all the way open I looked around in amazement at the state of the once great, lavishly designed dining hall.
Some of the grand tables had been smashed to pieces, and the ones that were still standing were broken down with missing legs.  The beautiful cushioned chairs were thrown about all over the large dance floor, most of them broken and torn.    I picked my way carefully over the scattered remains of the tables and chairs as I made my way down the grand walkway to the bar.
The bar had not faired any better.  The bar top boasted deep scratches on its once polished surface, and all the barstools were broken and scattered along the marble floor.  Broken bottles of different spirit’s lay scattered along the bar shelves and all the glassware was shattered on the floor behind the bar.
A whimper and sob shattered the eerie silence, and I stopped immediately to try to discern the direction of the sound.  I was still hidden in shadow, so I was not afraid of being discovered.  I stayed still at the end of the bar listening intently for another sound.  Another sob broke into the quiet, and this time I could tell the sound was coming from somewhere around the doors to the courtyard.
I crept silently toward the doors, being careful of the scattered remnants of glass and wood along the way.  I got to the still open courtyard doors and stopped, listening again for the sound of sobs.  I heard another whimper followed by a sniffle and followed the sound carefully.
The courtyard was still intact, the flowers and plants standing serene and proud in the still dim light of Zendawiss.  I looked up to the sky and saw that the glass dome still held the darkness at bay, but it blocked the light of Zendawiss and cast eerie shadows throughout the land.  I heard another sniffle, and moved forward yet again toward the sound.
I came upon a large, leafy plant that grew from the ground.   It was spread out so wide that I had to sneak around it to see what was behind it.  The leg came into view first, shiny and smooth and pearlescent in color.  My heart skipped a beat.  There was only one soul that I knew of that had pearlescent skin, but I thought she had gotten away with Saphrina.  
I peeked around the leafy plant a little further and saw the weeping figure of a woman that I did not know.  What I thought to be pearlescent skin was simply white skin so white that it was reflecting the colors of the plants and leafs in the courtyard.  She was sitting flat on her bottom with her legs extended out in front of her.  She had her face hidden in her hands and was sobbing silently.  Her slim shoulders shook with her sobs, and her leafy green hair hung straight and over her hands.  Every now and then, a sob would escape, followed by a sniffle or a whimper.  Tears were escaping from her hands and sliding down her arms, causing the light to reflect off the tiny droplets and creating rainbows along the way.  
I suddenly realized that what I thought to be white skin reflecting the colors of the plants was actually her real skin color.  It was not really the pearlescent color I thought it to be at first; it was more like a shiny plant that caught the pink and yellow undertones from the sunlight.  It was a beautiful color and it blended perfectly with her leaf green hair.  
I slowly shed the shadow I had been hiding in and spoke softly so as not to scare her.  “Are you okay”, I whispered softly as I slowly moved closer to her and knelt in front of her?
She flinched in surprise and her head flew up away from her hands.  She sniffled and looked at me with startling golden brown eyes that were bright from tears.  The amazing contrast between her green skin and brown eyes was remarkable and caused her eyes to stand out wonderfully.  Her eyes widened as she regarded me kneeling in front of her, and she wiped her hand across her eyes and sniffled.
She seemed to calm a bit as she answered me.  “I’m okay, I think.  I’m just a little upset about the fight.”
“What fight”, I asked, though I was not surprised by the revelation of a fight?  The dining hall was proof of that much.  
“I came here for Drysu.  I am Indiah, leader of Scolacis, the light city of Jupiter.  I came here to talk him out of his crazy plan to rule the solar system, but Khanya got in the way and there was a fight in the dining hall.  I hid myself away when she got distracted, and now I do not know what to do.”  She sniffled again and wiped her nose with the back of her hand as new tears began to flow from her astonishing brown eyes.  As she began to cry again, the plant behind her moved of its own accord.  It wrapped a large leaf around her as if comforting her and the whole plant bent over her as if protecting her.  
Surprised, I jumped up out of my kneeling position and began to back away.  Indiah laughed, her laughter mixing with a sob, and said, “It’s okay.  I have affinity over plants.  They listen to me and protect me and I care for them.”
I stopped backing away and moved forward again in fascination.  “Really?  That’s a cool power.  I don’t know all my powers yet.  I’m still learning.”  I shrugged my shoulders as I said this and lowered my face as I kicked a pebble with the toe of my shiny black loafer.
Suddenly, I realized that I was wearing the same clothes that I had worn to Drysu’s banquet.  With all that had happened since, I had not had time to change clothes or take a shower for that matter.  I was suddenly embarrassed at my sad state.  I must look and smell awful, and I could only imagine what shape the former nice looking suit was in now.
Indiah got up from where she had been sitting, gently removing the large leaf from around her body and lovingly stroking the stem of the plant as she stood.  The plant seemingly satisfied that Indiah was in no danger, straightened back up and proudly flowed it’s leaves back out in a beautiful display.  Indiah smiled and stepped away from the plant and closer to me.
“So, what is your name”, she asked me as she stuck her hand out towards me for an introduction?  She straightened proudly and her eyes began to dry up.
Thoughts raced around in my head all at once.  Should I tell her my real name?  What if she had heard of me and wanted me for herself?  What if she wanted to catch me for Drysu and her whole story about wanting to stop Drysu had been a lie?
So many what ifs ran through my thoughts as I hesitated.  Her hand remained where it was waiting for me to take it and shake hands and tell her my name.  Instead, I asked a question trying to change the subject and gain some time to think of what to tell her.
“Where is everyone else?  Do you know”, I asked, pretending not to see her extended hand?
She frowned in confusion, but dropped her hand slowly and answered my question.  “They ran into the woods behind the mansion at the beginning of the fight.  I do not know where they are now.”
“Oh.  Okay, then, well I guess I better go look for them”, I said as I began to slowly back away from her and towards the path that would take me to the back of the mansion.
“Wait!  You have not told me your name”, she said, holding out her had in a stopping motion.  
I did not answer, and instead turned and walked quickly down the path hoping she would not follow.  
I did not get my wish.  I heard her footsteps behind me, rapidly pacing to catch up with me.  I inhaled and exhaled a deep breath in frustration.  I was going to have to tell her who I was or make up a name to tell her.  Either way, she was not going to leave me alone.
“Wait for me.  I will help you look for them”, she called after me as I quickened my pace to try to outpace her. 
I slumped my shoulders and stopped and turned around.  I may as well wait for her, because she was not going to let me go alone.  I quickly tried to think of a name I could tell her, but before she could reach me a portal opened on the path between us.
Before I even knew what was happening, Pimedus stepped out of the portal and in front of me.  At the same moment, Bellesa and Saphrina stepped out and to either side of Indiah.  They snapped a set of glowing cuffs on her wrists before she could react, and Bellesa grabbed one arm and Saphrina the other effectively trapping Indiah between them with the strange glowing cuffs on both of her wrists.
“Stay away from her, Gatu”, Pimedus said in his most stern voice.
“Gatu”, Indiah said questionably, struggling against Saphrina and Bellesa’s strong embraces?  “You are the one Drysu came for”, she said accusingly, her voice becoming low and angry.  That made me glad that I had not told her my name while we had been alone.
“Be quiet or I will instruct the girls to gag you as well”, boomed Pimedus and Indiah went still and quiet, dropping her head in defeat.
“It is safe now, ma’am”, Bellesa called to the portal.
I looked past Pimedus who turned to the portal and knelt on the ground in reverence.  Saphrina and Bellesa bowed their heads and Indiah looked back and forth between them in confusion.  I, too, was confused as to whom they were addressing until I saw the figure step out of the portal and close it in one fluid motion.
She looked at me and smiled a wrinkly smile with her brown, sun kissed wrinkled face.  Her silvery blue-grey hair was done up in a cute bob with her bangs parted to one side.  She winked at me, and her dark, sapphire blue eyes shone like gems in her wrinkled brown face.  She had slit’s for pupils, giving her eyes a cat-like appearance, but somehow it made her more beautiful instead of frightening.  She wore a white sweater with a blue v-shaped neckline and blue comfortable stretch pants with blue and white flats on her feet.  She was plump and round, but she carried it well.  She looked like somebody’s grandmother, and she exuded that as well with her grandmotherly demeanor.  
She was definitely no grandmother, however.  I knew this from the books that Bellesa used to read with me in this very courtyard.
This was the Devine Oracle, the leader of the entire solar system, and the person that Drysu and Khanya were plotting to murder.
I bowed my head in reverence, kneeling on the ground beside Pimedus, and Indiah bowed her head as well.  She must have walked straight to me as I knelt on the ground, because I felt her touch the back of my head gently with her hand.
“Arise, Gatu, the soul who remembers”, she said with her hand still on my head.  Her voice was smooth and airy like a whispering wind on a bright spring day.  I felt peace and comfort flow through my entire body as I raised my head to look up at her smiling face.
She removed her hand and I arose from the ground in front of her.  She placed a hand on each of my shoulders as she continued to smile that grandmotherly smile at me.  The feeling of peace and comfort remained as she wrapped me in a gentle hug and placed a feather soft kiss upon my cheek.
The kiss was warm, and that warmth spread throughout my body.  I had not even realized that I was cold until I felt that warmth fill me up from the spot where she had kissed me down to my toes.  I smiled in satisfaction as the feelings filled me up and enveloped me in a peace that I had not felt in a long time.
When I opened my eyes Oracle was still standing in front of me smiling.  “Do you feel better”, she asked, her eyes sparkling like sapphires freshly polished?
I took a deep breath and exhaled feeling marvelous and content.  “Yes”, I answered simply smiling back at her.
“Good.  Now we can take care of business.”  The smile left her face suddenly as she turned to Pimedus.
“Arise, Pimedus, and tell me what has happened here.”
Pimedus arose quickly, and told Oracle everything that he knew.  I added in the part of hearing Drysu speak of his plans to Khanya, then of the conversation between Drysu and the scout, and finally of finding Indiah here in the courtyard.  Bellesa told Oracle her part as well, of her kidnapping and my attempted kidnapping, and her and Saphrina’s escape from the balcony and going to Pimedus for help.  Saphrina had nothing to add and simply acknowledged what we had told.
Oracle stayed silent through the entirety of the story, nodding her head at certain points of the story and looking at me in appreciation when they would tell of a new power I had discovered.  When everyone was done speaking, Oracle turned to me.
“It would seem that you are a quick learner, Gatu.  It would also seem that you are not safe.  Because of your extraordinary powers and quick developing abilities, it would seem that there are those that want to use you for their own personal gain.  I would not assume that Drysu and Khanya are the only ones.”
I had thought this as well.  This is the reason I had been hesitant to tell Indiah my real name when first meeting her.  I agreed with Oracle, and this made me untrusting of anyone.  I gave my attention back to Oracle as she continued to speak.
“Gatu, I have a proposition for you.  I think you should come live with me for a time. You can attend the university in Sun City to continue your lessons.  I will teach you about certain jobs and abilities, as well, and when you are fully taught you may pick a profession that you like.”
I was stunned at the offer.  Live in Sun City?  Many a soul would consider this a great honor, but what had I done to deserve this other than be different?  I asked this of Oracle, but she simply harrumphed loudly and said, “You do not think this is worth notice?”  
She gestured up to the sky at the clear dome that kept the darkness out of Zendawiss.  “You have saved two cities from destruction, and you do not think that warrants an invitation to Sun City?”
When she put it like that, I had to admit that it was a great feat.  I had only been acting on instinct to protect the people I cared about.  I had not looked at it on such a grand scale as saving the entire city.  I shrugged my shoulders and said, “Well, when you put it that way…”  I trailed off as I looked up to the domed sky.  “It is only temporary, though.  I have no idea how to send the darkness back to Nochetawah or how to get the light back here to Zendawiss.”
Oracle smiled and looked up to the dome.  “Let me take care of that”, she said and she knelt to the ground with both arms extended outwards from her body.  
A mass of energy bigger than any I had ever seen before appeared above her kneeling body, and as she brought her hands together in a great clap, the giant ball of energy flew upward and collided into the dome.  The dome burst apart and the shards flew outward into the darkness.  The darkness swirled and churned angrily, but instead of descending onto the city, it turned and flew away and back the way it had come.
We all watched as the darkness fled until it was out of sight, and then we saw the light hurriedly coming toward the city.  It enveloped the city in a loving embrace, like a lover being reunited with a lost love.  The city brightened to its original brightness, and I could have sworn I heard the entire city take a relieved breath of air.
“How did you do that”, I asked awestruck?
“It was simple, child.  Apparently the energies of Zendawiss and Nochetawah were swapped.  A balancer can swap energies to restore the balance, but it appears that either Khanya or Drysu used the power to create an imbalance.”  Oracle shook her head in disappointment as she said this.
We all went silent for a moment, each of us looking to the other with sadness.  Khanya had been a great leader, but she apparently had not been happy in her role.  Had she been planning this for a while, or had Drysu convinced her to betray us all?  I did not know, but my heart felt the ache left there by her betrayal.  
I could only imagine how Bellesa felt.
“What about me”, came a whispery voice?  It was Indiah, still trapped between Saphrina and Bellesa, and still wearing the shining metal bands on her wrists.  They seemed duller in the now bright light of Zendawiss, and I noticed that her skin looked even brighter green in this light.  She met my gaze, and her anger toward me seemed to have faded because she smiled sadly at me. 
She shone beautifully in the light, her hair was brighter as were her eyes, and her skin glowed green with yellow and orange undertones here and there.  She was definitely a creature of the light, and all the plants in the courtyard swayed in an invisible wind when she spoke.
Oracle turned to her and said “Indiah, my child.  I have to be sure you are not in on this plot with Drysu and Khanya.  You are, after all, Drysu’s counterpart.”
Indiah, who was no longer crying, looked Oracle right in the eyes and answered proudly, “I am not.  I assure you, ma’am that I came here only to stop Drysu.  Sadly, I underestimated his intent and Khanya's power.”  Her face dropped as she said this, but she did not cry again.  Instead, her shoulders dropped and she lowered her eyes and head in defeat.
Oracle walked over to her and gestured for the girls to release her.  She put a finger under her chin and lifted her head to look into her eyes.  “Do not fear me, my child.  No harm will come to you if you are innocent.  You will go with my scout and I or Rhyad will meet you shortly in my inquisition chamber.  It is most comfortable there and you will be treated well, I assure you.”
Oracle turned away from Indiah and gestured with her hands.  Just like that, a door appeared right in the middle of the courtyard.  A uniformed soul stepped out of the door and walked over to Indiah.  He gestured for her to lead, and she stepped forward to the door.  
She looked back over her shoulder at me before she went through the door and said, “I hope we meet again, Gatu.”  She smiled, then turned and stepped through the door.  The uniformed scout followed and the door shut soundly and disappeared.
 “What now, my lady”, Pimedus asked in a quiet voice?  “Don’t we need to find Drysu and Khanya and take them into custody?”
“Oh, stop with the lady crap, Pimedus.  We have always been on casual terms have we not?”
“I am merely showing respect in front of the young ones, ma’am.  They need to learn how to address you properly.”
She nodded her head and smiled as she answered, “yes, yes, of course.  However, I have a feeling that these three are going to be a force to be reckoned with when they come into their full powers.  We may be the ones addressing them with honor and respect.”
Pimedus’s booming laughter startled me, and Oracle laughed musically along with him.  “You may be right, Oracle”, Pimedus said between laughs.
Bellesa, Saphrina, and I just looked confusedly at them, but we were smiling all the same.  Their laughter was contagious and we could not help but smile as they laughed.
“I have my scouts tracking Drysu and Khanya as we speak”, Oracle said as her laughter abated.  “They will find them, rest assured.”
Pimedus just nodded, and Oracle continued looking at Saphrina as she said, “now, about that cane, young lady.”
Saphrina’s hand automatically went to the cane strapped to her side.  She fondled the skull head, reminding me of the way Drysu used to fiddle with it when he was nervous.   “What about my cane”, she asked as she played with the skull?
“Do not worry, dear heart”, Oracle said softly with a calming tone.  “I am not going to take the cane away from you, unless that is what you prefer.  I was just wondering how you came to be in possession of the cane.”
Saphrina looked at Oracle dubiously as she slid the cane from its holder on her hip.  “I did not steal it, if that’s what you’re asking.  Drysu had it, and Gatu disarmed him.  Since Gatu is a light soul and the cane is dark, the possession of it reverted to me since I am the closest Gatu has to a dark counterpart.  However, I have no idea how to wield it yet, but apparently it is mine.  It has told me so.”
Oracle raised her eyebrows in surprise at Saphrina’s statement.  “Is that so?  Well, now, that is interesting.”  She paused for a moment with a thoughtful expression on her face before she continued.  “I was merely going to suggest that you bring the cane with you when you come to visit Sun City.  I can teach you about the cane and how to wield it if you like.  I can hold it for you in the city, or you can hold it yourself if you are more comfortable with that.  The cane was meant for another, but I believe you will be a good and wise wielder if you can learn how to wield it correctly.”
Saphrina looked at me thoughtfully for a moment, and I simply shrugged my shoulders at her.  At this point, I was in no position to give anyone advise on anything.  I did not even know myself who or what to trust or believe.  She looked to Pimedus, and he nodded and gestured toward Oracle.  This must have satisfied Saphrina, for she walked over to Oracle and placed the cane reverently and carefully into her waiting hands.  
As soon as the cane touched Oracle’s hands, I heard it.  It was like a whisper of the wind or the chirp of a mouse.  So quiet, so low, that at first I thought I had imagined it.  It whispered my name again, this time louder and more urgent, but still in a whisper.  It was not like a physical sound, rather a whisper in the back of my mind, and I went still for a moment to listen.
“Gatu, please help”, the disembodied voice said.  I looked around at everyone else, but everyone seemed oblivious to the call for help.  The call seemed to be coming from the cane, but it was more like it was in my mind than anything.  I could tell it was coming from the cane, though, because when I looked at it, it began to glow with a soft light.
No one else seemed to hear the voice or see the light coming from the cane.  Oracle held it easily in her hand, but she made no move to address it or look at it differently.  No one else seemed to, either.  Oracle was talking to Saphrina about the cane, Pimedus was listening to their conversation, and Bellesa was walking around the many flowers and bushes in the courtyard seemingly checking for damage.  No one but me could hear the voice or see the glow coming from the cane.  
I closed my eyes to shut out the glow and focused on the voice more intently.
“Please, Gatu, you are the only one that can hear me.  Please, help me.”
My eyes flew open wide and I began to look frantically around the courtyard even though I knew no one would be there.  I could not tell who the voice was, because it sounded muffled and garbled like they were speaking to me from underwater.  I did know, however, that it was definitely coming from the cane sitting in Oracle’s hands.
There was a life force trapped in the cane.

CHAPTER 8

The calls grew louder and louder the longer I stood and listened, calling and begging me for help.  I looked everywhere my eyes could see, but I could not see any other soul anywhere, and I could not figure out why no one else could hear the cry for help.    
The others were occupied with their own conversations, so I said nothing to bring attention to the ringing voice in my head.  I also did not tell anyone about the light coming from the cane that kept getting brighter and brighter as the voice grew louder in my head.
I did not know how to handle this situation.  I just stood there, listening to the voice in my head, trying to decide a course of action.  Should I tell someone about the life force trapped in the cane?  Saphrina did not yet know how to wield the cane, so she would not be able to help, but maybe Oracle could do something.
Suddenly, a thought occurred to me.  No one seemed to be paying attention to me at that moment, so I closed my eyes and reached my mind out to the cane in Oracle’s hand.  I called for the energies of the cane to come to me, and it responded.  The energy filled me, answering my call for information and telling me what I needed to know.
I heard a gasp and scream of frustration ring through my ears and realized it was coming from me.  I opened my eyes to see everyone looking at me, and that Oracle had placed the cane on the ground at my feet.  She stood looking at me inquisitively, holding her hands over the cane on the ground as if she were holding it down.
“Gatu, what happened”, Oracle asked softly, bending over and picking up the cane.  “I had to put the cane down because it burned me, then it rolled over and landed at your feet.”  She seemed breathless, as if she had been running a marathon.
I, too, was breathing heavily; my heart racing inside my chest, and droplets of sweat was running down my forehead into my eyes.  I wiped the sweat from my eyes as I answered, “I was scrying the cane.”
I offered no other explanation as Oracle continued to stare at me with her piercing gaze.  Pimedus, Bellesa, and Saphrina came up to stand beside her looking back and forth between us with questioning eyes.
“Gatu, you already scryed the cane.  Why would you want to do it again”, Pimedus asked?
I swallowed a lump that had formed in my throat.  The life force inside the cane was female, and she had not been trapped for long, she was not hurt or in any danger at the moment, but I could tell from her desperate pleas that she really wanted out of the cane.  She had been associated with Drysu, and when she had tried to break ties with him, he had trapped her in the cane.  That was all the information I had gotten before my concentration had been broken.  I had felt her frustration hit me full force when I had scryed and it had caused me to lose my concentration and cry out, thus breaking my connection with the cane.
Pimedus and Oracle was still looking at me intently waiting for my answer.  I did not have enough information for anyone to help, so I simply said, “I don’t know.  Something compelled me to scry it.”
I would wait until I had more information before I told anyone about the life force.  I needed to know who she was because she could be a danger to us, and we were already in enough danger now.  I figured she would be safe inside the cane until I had a chance to investigate further.
Pimedus looked at me with interest as he asked, “What did you find out this time?”
“Nothing”, I lied and was surprised at how easily the lie slipped from my lips.  “My concentration was broken before I could get anything.”
Pimedus narrowed his eyes at me suspiciously, but said nothing else.  Oracle seemed to accept my answer and wandered off with the girls.  
When Oracle was out of earshot, Pimedus said, “I really need to teach you how to lie better.”
I did not respond, just looked at him with innocent eyes.  Pimedus snickered and shook his head at me and began to walk away.
I was suddenly angry.  How dare Pimedus laugh at me?  When had he been honest with me?  Before Pimedus could get too far away I called out to him accusingly, “If anyone can teach me to lie it would be you.”
Pimedus swung back my way and was in front of me before I even knew what was happening.  His nose was so close to mine it was almost touching.  He narrowed his eyes angrily as he said, “What did you say?”  His voice was low and menacing as he towered over me, but I held my ground keeping the accusation in my eyes.
“You heard me.”  I did not waver and I did not move.  I stood my ground and faced Pimedus without fear.  “When Khanya had us trapped on the balcony she said that she was your creation, that you created her first.  She called me brother.”  
Finally, his gaze softened and he took a deep steadying breath.  “Not sharing information is not the same as lying.  But I will tell you the whole story.  I do want to say first that she is not your sister.  I did create her, but not in the same way I created you.”  His shoulders sagged in defeat and he backed away from me.
Oracle and the girls walked up to us looking from one to the other of us inquisitively.  Pimedus stayed silent, looking innocently at her, and I did the same.  
Oracle did not question us and simply said, “The girls and I are going to the forest to look for the missing souls.”
Pimedus replied, “Good idea.  Gatu and I will wait here in case anyone shows up.”
Oracle did not say another word.  She simply nodded her consent and motioned to the girls to follow.  Pimedus watched them with wary eyes until they walked around the corner of the mansion and were out of sight.  He stood there for a moment, staring at the space where the women had disappeared.  
Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, he took a deep breath and let it out in a rush of breath and turned to me.  “I guess it is time I tell you about my past.  I never meant to get you mixed up in all of this, but it seems like you have been pulled into it anyway.”
He walked over to a bench that sat amongst a bed of roses and pat the space beside him bidding me to sit with him.  I walked over and sat, looking at him expectantly but not saying another word.  I was curious as to what more he could tell me about his past.  He had already told me a little of it, but I had no clue as to what it had to do with me.
Pimedus ran a hand through his dreadlocks and let out an exasperated sigh before beginning his story.  “You know a lot of my history, about me falling in love with my creation, killing my creator in a fit of jealousy, and me being sent here to rule and redeem myself in the eyes of Oracle.”  He paused to take a deep breath before continuing.  
“What you don’t know is that Khanya was that creation.”
He paused again, and I stayed silent.  The revelation that Khanya was his creation was not new to me, because she had told me so.  The fact that Khanya was the creation that he had fallen in love with was new, but I made no comment.
After only a few seconds he continued.  “Let me start at the beginning.”
He ran his hands through his dreadlocks once again before he began to speak once more.  
“I was created by the original dark leader of Pluto.  His name was Reyes.  He was a great leader, firm when needed and patient and kind.  He was more than Oracle’s counterpart; he was her lover.  He created me to be a balancer, and I was very good at my job.  I loved my creator, my job, and my life.  The more I was sent to a planet to balance, the more powerful I became.  Eventually, Reyes put me in place as his apprentice.  He had not originally made me to be an apprentice, but I had become so powerful that he thought it would be a good idea to have me at his side.”
Here, Pimedus paused.  He sat silent for a few moments, and I could see moisture in his crystal blue eyes.  He looked pained as if he was trying to hold himself together, but I did not say anything or offer any comfort.  I understood that he was fighting some demons in his past, so I stayed silent and let him work through his feelings.
Finally, he began to speak again, his voice slightly wavering.  “I became apprentice to the dark leader of the entire solar system.  Reyes explained to me that it was very rare for a soul to grow in power and develop powers and abilities that were not given by the creator, but I had done just that.  Just like you, Gatu.”
I raised my eyebrows in surprise, but I did not comment.  I grew a new appreciation for Pimedus in that moment.  He had been like me.  That explained why he had been so supportive and patient with me, and why his eyes lit up with pride every time I discovered a new power.
He smiled at me and gave me a wink before he spoke again, but this time his voice did not waver.  “My life changed dramatically after that.  I spent my days in the university learning and traveling the solar system with Reyes and meeting the other leaders.  I grew to care very much for Reyes, and I believe he cared for me just as deeply.  He gave me an assistant to help me in my trainings and tutor me in my studies.  I don’t know where Reyes found him, but Drysu was a very competent assistant.”
Again, my eyebrows rose in surprise, and this time I let out a gasp.  Drysu had been Pimedus’s assistant?!  I still made no comments, and I probably could not if I wanted to.  I sat in stunned silence as Pimedus continued to tell his story.
“It got easier with Drysu as my assistant.  It gave me some much-needed company as well, and I liked it much better than traveling alone with just Reyes and me.  
After a time, Reyes thought I was ready to make my first soul.  He spent a time teaching me how to harness the energy in the creation room, and then taught me how to meditate and picture the soul I wanted to create.  He taught me how to gather the energy to me, focus on the soul in my mind, then release the energy into the universe to make my soul.  
Khanya was created by my own hand and Reyes’s patient training and teaching.  She was beautiful, kind, and smart and everything I had meditated on and asked for.  I loved her instantly, and I cared for her with all the care a creator could give.”
Pimedus again stopped speaking and turned away from me for a moment.  I thought I heard a sniffle, but I could not be sure.  I said nothing, and just sat there and waited for Pimedus to turn back around and finish the story.  After a few minutes he turned back to me, and I could see a tear spilling down one cheek.  He quickly brushed it away, and I averted my eyes and pretended that I had not seen it.
He did not comment on it, and instead kept telling his story.  “Khanya was a quick learner and wonderful student.  I spent a lot of time with her teaching her and coaching her, and Reyes could not be prouder of me and of her.  
My love for her grew deeper and deeper, and one day I realized that I had fallen in love with my own creation.  This happens more often than you would think, so it was not anything to be ashamed of.  For some reason, though, I found it hard to share my feelings with her.  I knew she loved me too, but I did not know if she loved me the same as I loved her.  I kept quiet about my feelings and just became happy to just be around her, but that too changed.”
Again, Pimedus paused and took a deep breath.  His voice had once again begun to waver and became thick with emotion as he spoke of Khanya.  “Khanya began to grow an affinity for light energy.  She enjoyed casting light spells better than dark, so Oracle offered to take her under her wing and teach her about the light.  I was sad to see her go, but I knew I could visit her when I wished and I only wanted Khanya to be happy.  So, with a heavy heart, I said good-bye to her and sent her to Sun City to live and learn with Oracle.  Drysu offered to go with her and assist her in her studies, and I thought it was a good idea at the time since I felt I no longer needed an assistant.    I could always make another soul to keep me company if needed, so I sent Drysu away with Khanya.  If I only knew then what I know now…” 
Pimedus’s voice trailed off and he shook his head as a look of anguish and regret took over his features.  “God, I was so stupid”, he exclaimed as he balled up a fist and smashed it into the palm of his other hand!
He took a deep breath and seemed to collect himself somewhat before speaking.  “I visited her as often as I could.  She seemed so happy in Sun City, and I was happy for her.  She grew in power more each day until she became one of the more powerful souls in Sun City.  I was extremely proud of her when I found out that Oracle had asked her to be her apprentice, and it was then that I decided to tell her how I felt about her.  It was so perfect.  She would someday be the ruler of Sun City, and I would rule Pluto.  We would be lovers, just like Reyes and Oracle.  I went to visit her to congratulate her and tell her how I felt about her.  That was the day I died.”
He stopped again, and I took a breath to respond, but when I looked up into Pimedus’s face the words died away.
Pimedus was crying.
I had never seen him this vulnerable before.  Pimedus had always been the strong one, the one that had all the answers, the one we ran to when we were in trouble.  But now, he sat before me with tears streaming down his cheeks, his hands balled into fists at his sides, and his eyes even bluer if it were possible for crystal blue eyes to be bluer.  His head hung down so that he was staring into his lap letting the tears fall onto his black suit pants.  His dread locks hung down each side of his face so that if you were looking from the side his face would be hidden. 
I could offer no comfort, and did not even know how.  I simply lay a hand on one shoulder as a comforting gesture.  “I’m sorry I got angry with you.  I didn’t know it would be this painful for you to tell this story.  You don’t have to continue if you don’t want to.”
After a few moments, he sniffled and brought his head up to look at me.  He swiped at his eyes with the back of his hand, wiping away a few stray tears.  He took a deep breath and let it out and that seemed to calm him somewhat.  I patted his shoulder before removing my hand and replacing it in my lap.  I gave him a weak smile, and he returned it with a weaker one of his own.
He took one more deep breath before saying, “it’s alright, Gatu.  It’s not your fault.  I should have told you all of this earlier, but I figured we had more time to get to know each other.”
He paused for a moment to wipe the tears from his face.  He seemed to collect himself somewhat before he went on, “I became depressed, so depressed that Reyes decided to give me some time off.  It didn’t work, however, and I just continued to get worse.  Every time I went to visit Khanya, she would regale me with stories about her and her lover and how happy they were.”
He took a deep breath, and I could tell that he was getting ready to cry again.  I opened my mouth to tell him to stop, but he held his hand up to me and continued anyway.  “I finally stopped going to visit with her, because I could not bear to hear her stories anymore.  I was glad she was happy, but the depression continued to drag me down.  After a time, Reyes seemed to give up on the idea of me recovering, so he decided to give my apprenticeship to another soul.  He gave it to the very soul that had stolen the heart of the woman I loved. 
I don’t know what came over me that day when Reyes told me of his plans.  I remember feeling rage so intense that I thought it would eat me up and I would just cease to exist.  I don’t even remember calling power; I don’t remember releasing that killing blow.  All I remember is rage, jealousy, and grief so intense that I thought it would kill me.  Then, I saw Reyes lying in front of me lifeless and still.  I saw the burns from the attack I had thrown at him.
I crumpled to the floor and gathered Reyes in my arms and just cried and cried.  I sat there like that until a scout found us.  The scout gathered up Reyes and myself and took us straight to Oracle’s inquisition chamber.  I thought I was going to die by her hand.  I had killed her lover, but worse he was my creator.  To kill ones creator is the worst crime anyone could commit.  
I was surprised when Oracle took pity on my situation and decided to spare my life.  She sent me here to Nochetawah to rule and serve and redeem myself.  She sent Khanya with me to keep me in line, and she sent Drysu away as well.  She did not see him worthy to rule the solar system, so she gave him his own planet to rule and gain experience and deem himself worthy if he could.   Oracle created another body and blessed him with Reye’s life force, and that is how Rhyad came into existence and became leader of Pluto.  He is his own person, but he holds all the memories of Reyes.  I have yet to meet him, and I am afraid that he will never forgive me when I do finally have to face him.”
“So, wait... you mean to tell me that you can create another body for a dead soul”, I interrupted?
Pimedus did not seem to be disturbed at my interruption and simply answered the question.  “Yes, Gatu, but only the great leaders of the galaxies and the great leader of the universe possess this ability.  We are not immortal, but the energy that makes up our life force is.  It returns to the great energy pool upon our deaths, but the great leaders have the power to recall that energy and recreate the life force and place it into another body.  This is what makes that cane so special.  It gives any soul that wields it this power.”
The mention of the cane reminded me of the soul that was trapped inside.  I wondered if I should tell Pimedus about the soul and almost opened my mouth to tell him, but I was stopped short as he spoke again to continue his story.
“I still to this day don’t know why Oracle found it in her heart to spare me, and I will probably never ask.  To my knowledge, Khanya and Drysu had not seen each other since that day, but I guess I was wrong.  I wonder if they have been planning this all along?”
Pimedus stopped speaking, and I figured he would probably not say more on the subject.  He hung his head once more, but this time he was not crying.  He was simply sitting silently, probably pondering the question.
It was a good question, and I wondered the same thing.  If Khanya and Drysu had been planning this and meeting in secret, it would certainly explain a lot.  It would explain how Drysu had found out so quickly about me, and how he had been our first “guest” to call on me.  It would also explain why Khanya was unwilling to let me go anywhere after she found out about my unique power, and instead insisted I go straight to the banquet hall to meet with Drysu.
I wondered if the Khanya I had grown to care for was real or if she had just pretended to be kind.  My heart was heavy with sadness and hurt.  It was not only Khanya's betrayal, but Bellesa's strange coldness of me that had seemingly come out of nowhere.  I still had no idea why she had pulled away all of a sudden, nor had I had a chance to talk with her on the subject.
As if my thoughts had conjured her, Bellesa came running around the corner excitedly.  Her eyes shone bright pink with exhilaration and her luscious lips were curled up in a huge smile.
“I found them! I found them all”, she exclaimed breathlessly!  She ran to me and I opened my arms to her.  She jumped into my waiting arms, raising both feet off the ground, and I caught her weight easily and swung her around in a circle before placing her back on the ground.
She was laughing, a musical sound that lightened my heart and made me smile happily, and she looked at me with that wonderful smile reaching all the way to her glowing pink eyes.  Her strange behavior of earlier was forgotten to me as she hugged me tightly before turning to look towards the side of the mansion.
I followed her stare and saw all the souls of Zendawiss coming around the mansion and flooding into the courtyard.  Saphrina was amongst them as was Oracle and they both came over to stand aside Bellesa smiling joyously.
“Bellesa is going to make a wonderful leader”, Oracle stated proudly.
A look of surprise and worry overshadowed the smile on Bellesa’s face.  “Oh!  I was so busy trying to find everyone and worrying about getting everyone safe that I didn’t even think about that.”
I felt the same.  Everything had been happening so fast with no breaks between that I had not thought about the consequences of Khanya not being here any longer.  I had not even had time to change clothes or clean up since I had gotten back to Zendawiss.  I had considered asking Bellesa to come with me to Sun City without even realizing that, as Khanya's apprentice, she would be needed in Zendawiss to take over as leader.
I looked over to Bellesa who had begun to pace back and forth and wring her hands with worry.  “What if I’m not ready?  What if I don’t do well?  I’m too young to be a leader!”  Bellesa kept muttering these things and more as she paced.
Oracle stepped in front of her and stopped her pacing by gently placing a hand on each of Bellesa’s shoulders.  “Breathe, child.  You will do fine.  Khanya has taught you well, and your powers are more than adequate to protect these souls and rule this city.”
Bellesa looked up into Oracle’s smiling face and took a deep breath.  She closed her eyes for a second, and when she opened them back up she faced Oracle with a look of confident determination.  “You are right.  I have been training for a long time.  I know the responsibilities of the job, and I can protect these people and my city.”
“that-a-girl”, oracle said nodding her head.  
Saphrina patted Bellesa on the back as she said, “congratulations, Bellesa.  You will be a great leader.”
Bellesa turned out of Oracle’s hold and faced Saphrina.  “Thank you…for everything.  All of you”, she looked at me, Oracle, and Pimedus in turn as she continued, “thank you to all of you for everything you have done to protect Zendawiss.”
“You don’t have to think us, Bellesa”, Pimedus answered.  “It is my duty as leader of your counterpart city to help you.  However, for you and Gatu, I would help no matter what.”
This made Bellesa smile brightly as she nodded her head in acknowledgement before heading off to mingle among the people and attend to their needs.  I watched her walk away sadly thinking how much I was going to miss her.  All of my hopes and dreams for a future with Bellesa walked away with her as she weaved through the crowd smiling and talking with the people.
I sighed gloomily, walked over to a bench, and plopped down as I ran a hand through my hair.  I had been so happy for a miniscule second when Bellesa had ran to me and her strange treatment had seemingly disappeared.  I had been thinking at that time that after we got everything settled and behind us that we would finally be able to start up a relationship.  It seemed like every step closer I got to Bellesa something would happen to drag us apart and now it seemed as if we would never be able to be together at all.
She would be stepping up in Khanya's absence as leader of Zendawiss, and I was going with Oracle to Sun City to learn and grow in power.  It could take years for me to learn every ability and power I had inside me, and even longer to learn how to use and control them.  By that time, Bellesa will have met someone else, or worse have forgotten me altogether.
I am sure Oracle would not mind if she visited me in Sun City, but would she have time?  She was needed here in Zendawiss to settle everyone after the shock of losing Khanya.  She would need to establish herself and step into her role to be accepted by the souls of Zendawiss, and then she would have to take her part in the leadership of planet Earth as well.  There would be no time for her to waste on me.
A heavy gloom settled in my heart as I sat there.  I glanced over at Bellesa who had returned from mingling with the people and was chatting with Oracle and Pimedus.   Something Pimedus was saying had made her laugh, and the musical tones of her giggles drifted into my ears and settled heavily in my heart.  A great loneliness weighed me down at the thought of never hearing that laugh again, never seeing Bellesa’s beautiful pink eyes look into mine, and never feeling the soft touch of her pearlescent skin.
I felt tears stinging the back of my eyes and I swallowed a lump that had formed in my throat.  I turned away to shield my face from everyone as a lone tear spilled out of one dark brown eye and down my gray cheek.  I blinked back more tears that threatened to follow the first, and I feared that if I started crying that I would never stop.
“Stop setting here wallowing in your self-pity and just go grab her and kiss her already.”  The voice was scolding yet playful and I knew right away that it was Saphrina.
I glanced up at her standing over me, hands on her hips and her purple hair falling into her tri-colored eyes.  “She doesn’t have time for me anymore”, I answered.  
“Stop being such a girl.  Do you know that the whole time after we escaped from the balcony all she could talk about was finding Pimedus and rescuing you?”  Saphrina sat down next to me on the bench as she was talking and laid a comforting blue-skinned hand on my shoulder.
I glanced over my shoulder at where Bellesa still stood talking with Pimedus and Oracle.  She caught my glance and smiled brightly at me and waved a slender hand in greeting.  Oracle looked over as well and gave me a wink and a grandmotherly smile.  I returned the greeting with a wave and smile of my own, and then turned back to Saphrina.
“It doesn’t matter now.  Our paths are separate.  She has to stay here and take care of Zendawiss and the Earth with Pimedus and you, and I have to go to Sun City with Oracle so I can learn to control my stupid self.”  I let out a puff of air in frustration and shook my head.  
“Gatu, how did this happen?  I am as old as you are, yet I know so much more.  I am not done with my training, not by a long shot, but I at least know the basics.  Did Khanya not train you at all?”  Saphrina stood up from the bench and placed her hands on her hips.
I looked up at her from my sitting position as I answered, “not in that way.  I took daily reading lessons at the library for a time, and during my free time I helped in the kitchen in the mansion or helping the cleaning crew.  Then I went to Earth again for a time, and when I came back here that is when everything went crazy.”
Saphrina crossed her arms over her chest and placed a hand under her chin.  She looked deep in thought for a few moments before she said, “So you never went to the training grounds at all?  The library lessons are ok, but the training ground is where you learn to channel and work with energy and develop your powers and natural abilities.”
I shook my head as I responded, “I didn’t even know we had a training ground for a long time until I heard other souls talk about it.  It was soon after I asked Khanya about it that she sent me back to Earth.  It’s almost as if she didn’t want me to develop my powers.”
“That very well could be true, brother”, Saphrina said as she continued to stare at me.  
Finally, feeling uncomfortable at looking up at her, I stood so I could look Saphrina in the eye.  “You know, you may be right.  Pimedus seems to think that she and Drysu had been planning this all along.  If that is true, then maybe she was afraid that I would side with Pimedus, since I am his creation, and grow in power enough to stop her plans.”
Saphrina nodded in confirmation as she replied, “you know that would explain a lot.”
“Should we tell Pimedus”, I asked as I glanced over at him where he stood conversing with Bellesa and Oracle?  I caught Bellesa’s eye and she smiled warmly at me and motioned me over to her.
Saphrina nudged me and said, “Go on.  Talk to her.”
I playfully nudged her back as I said, “I don’t want to right now.  Stop pressuring me.”
Saphrina sighed and crossed her arms over her chest as she shook her head at me in consternation.  “Gatu, surely you see what a great soul you are.  Any girl would be lucky to have you.”
I rubbed the back of my neck with my hand and held up a finger in Bellesa’s direction indicating I would be over in a moment.  “I don’t know, Saphrina, she was has been sending me mixed signals.  One minute she returns my affections, then the next she is pulling away.”
Saphrina just rolled her eyes at me as she said, “Gatu, you are so dumb sometimes.  She was jealous of me, silly.  I talked to her while we were looking for the other souls.  She was asking me about our relationship, and I explained our situation.  She is fine with me now, but she really does like you a lot.”
A weight that I did not even know was there lifted from around my heart.  I felt as if I had not been able to breathe for a long time, and I took a deep breath of fresh air.  The loneliness and sadness that had filled me up inside suddenly went away and I looked over to where Bellesa stood patiently waiting for me to join her.  
Our eyes met for an instant and it seemed as if the world stood still in that moment.  She really does like me was all I could think!  Saphrina’s playful slap to the back of my head snapped me out of my reverie, and I turned to her in mock anger.
“Hey!  That hurt”, I said laughing.
“Snap out of it, lover boy, and go to her!  You may want to take a shower first though… whew!”  Saphrina sniffed at my shirt and waved her hand in front of her nose as she wrinkled it in disgust.  “You really stink”, she said playfully.  
I heard Bellesa’s melodious laughter and glanced her way.  She was laughing at us, I realized, and I shrugged my shoulders at her and returned her smile sheepishly.  “Tell her I’m going to clean up and catch up with her later.  I want to say good-bye to her before I leave with Oracle.”
The sadness entered my heart again as I said this, and I looked away before Saphrina or Bellesa could see sadness enter my eyes.  
Before I walked away, Saphrina said, “You know, Gatu, you don’t have to go with Oracle if you don’t want to.  She just gave you the option, but you could stay here and train with Bellesa and me if you wanted to.  I’m sure Oracle would understand.”
I turned back around suddenly and just stared at Saphrina for a moment.  “Huh.  I have a choice?”
“Of course you do.  Oracle doesn’t just force people to go live with her”, Saphrina answered and chuckled.
“Well, I just assumed that it was a mandatory invitation.  I thought that she was giving me the option so it wouldn’t seem so harsh.”
Saphrina sighed dramatically and rolled her eyes.  “Jeesh, Gatu, you really are naive.  Oracle doesn’t lie, and she doesn’t sugar coat anything either.  If she gave you the option, then you really have the option.  If she said you don’t have to go if you don’t want to, then you really don’t have to go, Gatu.”
“Hmm…well that changes things”, I said as I turned and walked back toward the mansion with a smile on my face and a spring in my step.


CHAPTER 9

  “Gatu, wait!”  Pimedus’s booming voice echoed across the courtyard as I walked away.  I stopped and swung around to see him bounding across the grass and bushes to catch up to me.  I waited until he was standing breathlessly in front of me.
“What’s up, Pimedus?  I was just going to take a shower.”  I looked down at the tattered remains of my suit and held my arms out indicating my sad state.
Pimedus looked me up and down as he replied, “yes, I see you need one.”  He let out a small chuckle and tousled my already messed up hair.  “However, you don’t need to go wandering off alone.  Khanya and Drysu are still out there somewhere.”
I smoothed my hair back down as I asked, “the scouts haven’t found them yet?  Where could they have gone?”
Pimedus sighed heavily and answered, “I don’t know, Gatu, but until they are found I don’t feel comfortable with you going anywhere alone.”
I just nodded and gestured for Pimedus to follow as I strolled off into the mansion and to my room.
My room was still in the servant’s quarter section of the mansion, because my home had still not been finished.  The servant’s quarters were located in the opposite wing of the massive banquet hall and giant kitchen area.  We entered into the doors of the banquet hall, and I heard Pimedus gasp at the state of it.
“What happened in here”, he whispered? 
I realized that he had not been inside the mansion as of yet, because the portal he had entered into Zendawiss had opened up outside in the courtyard.  “Apparently, Indiah came to try to stop Drysu and Khanya, but there was an altercation in here and Indiah escaped and hid in the courtyard, which is where I found her.”
Pimedus just shook his head sadly as he continued to pick his way carefully around the tattered remains of the furnishings of the once grand and beautiful banquet hall.  
“I’m sure Bellesa will get this all cleaned up and fixed”, I said to Pimedus consolingly.
He did not respond and we both stayed silent as we traversed the room and Pimedus stopped in front of a small door that was sat in the sidewall just before reaching the grand double doors on the main wall that led out to the grand staircase.  
He looked back at me and asked, “Has anyone checked the kitchen?”
I shrugged my shoulders and answered, “Not me.  I didn’t go into the kitchen.”
Pimedus turned the knob slowly and silently opened the door.  Light flooded through the crack and Pimedus stuck his head inside carefully.  He pulled his head back out and looked back at me with relief.
“The kitchen is intact.  No one is in there, but everything looks in place.”
I nodded and turned back to the double doors and walked out of the banquet hall.  I heard Pimedus’s footsteps as he followed behind.  We walked past the grand staircase and into another door on the other side of the entrance hall.  
The first room of the servant’s quarters was the communal gathering room.  It was large with several sofas placed throughout the room.  There were bookcases filled with books on one side of the room and a desk that sat in the area in front of the bookcases.  I had spent a lot of time at that desk studying and reading the many books on the shelves.
The books were not just from Zendawiss.  There were books from other cities as well, along with books that had been created by souls that were living as humans on our planet Earth.  
I stopped for a moment looking around proudly at the section of Earth books.  Our planet Earth boasted the most advanced life forms in the solar system.  The humans were the highest in intelligence, and the closest in appearance to our own bodies.  In fact, if it were not for the dullness and colorlessness of their skin and the drab color of their eyes, they could be mistaken for one of us.  Their bodies were more delicate as well, and were easier to harm and quicker to die than ours.
“What are you looking at”, Pimedus asked as he came up behind me?
“I was thinking about the humans”, I answered indicating the Earth books on the bookshelves.
“Ah, yes.  They created some interesting stories didn’t they?”  Pimedus reached out and took a book from the shelf.  The cover sported some kind of human with large wings spanning from his back.  He was dressed in a white gown and a golden ring of light surrounded his head.
Pimedus chuckled and said, “A book about angels.  The humans have some very interesting theories about life after death.”
“Yeah, they do.  I was forced to go to church by my Earth mother in my second life.  It was interesting to listen to the sermons, but most humans found it boring.”
Pimedus placed the book back on the shelf and looked up and down the shelf scanning the other books.
“My room isn’t far”, I said as I turned and began to walk to the other side of the room.
Pimedus followed and we came to another door, this one smaller and less grand than the doors in the rest of the mansion.  As we passed through the door we came into a hallway with similar doors on both sides.  I walked to the second one on the right and opened the door to my room.
The servant’s quarters were simple yet comfortable.  There was a sitting area on the right side of the large room with a fireplace, a sofa, a comfortable recliner, and a large coffee table with drawers.  To the left of the room was a kitchenette with a small stove, mini fridge, and a small counter with cabinets.  A small dining table was set in front of the kitchenette with enough space to walk around and cook.  A large French window with a comfortable sill full of cushions took up the whole center wall.  Beside the kitchenette was a door that led into the bedroom with an attached bathroom.  
I headed towards this door as I said, “there is some wine and sandwich stuff in the fridge if you want.  Just make yourself at home.”
Pimedus just nodded and headed over to the fridge as I made my way to my room.  I shut and locked the door behind me and started removing the tattered suit.  It had been a nice suit, but now it sported some holes here and there and various stains that I had no idea how to remove.  I threw the suit in the trash and got a t-shirt, underwear, and socks out of the bureau and a pair of jeans and sneakers from the closet.
This was more my style.
I went into the bathroom and turned the water on in the large cascading shower stall.  Warm water flowed out of the many spouts in the stall.  I stepped into the water and breathed a sigh of ecstasy as the water hit my body.  There were shower heads on the front wall, back wall, and on the ceiling on top of the shower stall causing the water to hit everywhere on my body.  It felt amazing and I slowly felt my body relax and let go of all the tension that had built up over the past couple of days.
I stood in the water for a long time before I washed my hair and body.  I stepped out of the shower and dried off with my fluffiest towel.  As I donned my clothes I felt better than I had in a long time.  I decided I would talk with Oracle, thank her very much for her invitation, and respectfully decline.  My heart was here with Bellesa, and there was no way I would be happy anywhere else in the universe.  
I walked out of my bedroom, clean and refreshed, to find Pimedus at the small dining table with a small feast of sandwiches and wine set out.  He gestured to the seat next to his and I gladly accepted.  I had not realized how hungry I was until I saw the food, and I ate greedily downing two sandwiches and a handful of chips.  I didn’t drink much of the wine, however, because I wanted to be clear-headed for my meeting with Oracle.
After the food was eaten, Pimedus and I cleaned up the kitchen and dining area in silence.  We said not a word as we sat side by side on the couch in front of the fireplace watching the ever-burning flames leap and dance, casting shadows all along the walls of the room.
All the fireplaces in Zendawiss burned with flame at all times, but it was a magical flame created from energy.  It was not hot and did not burn, but was merely for decoration.  I loved sitting in front of the mock flames and staring into them.  It may not have been real, but it looked real and was as beautiful as a real fire.
“We better be getting back to the others before they send a search party”, Pimedus said breaking the comfortable silence.
I sighed lazily and replied, “Yeah, I guess you’re right.  I don’t want to move, though.”
Pimedus chuckled as he rose from the couch.  “We can rest later.  Right now, we have to help Bellesa set things right here.”
At the mention of Bellesa I was suddenly full of energy.  I needed to have that talk with Oracle, help Bellesa get the dining hall back in order, and do whatever else she needed of me to get her settled.  There was so much to do, but since I had made the decision to stay there was plenty of time to get it done.  
I rose off the couch and followed Pimedus who had already began to walk out of the room.  I caught up to him in the hallway and followed him to the grand staircase.  He stopped suddenly and held out an arm to stop me as well.
I stopped confused and Pimedus put a finger to his lips and pointed towards the banquet hall doors.  I heard it then, banging and scraping coming from the banquet hall.  Pimedus crept stealthily to the door, cloaking himself in shadow as he went.  He stayed to the side of the doors and carefully poked his head around.
I heard him gasp in surprise, then laugh aloud as the shadow fell away from him.  He motioned me to follow him as he walked in the doors.  I hurried to catch up, then gasped in surprise much like Pimedus had done as I saw what lay beyond the doors.
Every soul in Zendawiss was in the banquet hall, hurrying back and forth with brooms and mops and tools.  Bellessa stood in the center of the room holding a broom and directing souls here and there and giving them jobs to do.  Everyone was doing their part sweeping, repairing, and moving the furnishings back in place.  Saphrina was behind the bar cleaning up all the broken glass, and even Oracle was helping by picking up debris on the dance floor.
“It looks like Bellesa has had no trouble taking over leadership.  Just look at how everyone follows her lead.”  Pimedus’s voice was laced with pride and admiration.
I smiled the biggest smile I had in days as I walked toward Bellesa.  Her return smile lit up the entire room and brightened my entire world.
I stopped just in front of her, bowed at the waist, and did my best proper gentleman impression as I said, “My lady, I am at your service.  What would you have of me, your grace?”
Bellesa giggled delightedly and answered, “That would have been more impressive if you still had your suit on.”
I gasped in mock horror as rose from my bow and looked down at my clothes.  “My lady, I am so sorry for my state of dress.  I hope I have not offended you.”
Bellesa chuckled and rolled her eyes as she said, “Just shut up and kiss me silly.”
“As my lady commands”, I answered as I grabbed her around the waist and pulled her to me.  
She dropped the broom and fell into my embrace, wrapping her arms around my neck and placing her lips against mine.  The touch of her lips sent little jolts of pleasure coursing through my body.  A small gasp of pleasure escaped her lips as I tightened my hold and deepened the kiss, causing the little jolts to intensify.  My heart raced inside my chest and my breathing became fast and erratic.  I moved my hands down to the small of her back and settled her more tightly against my chest.  Her arms loosened around my neck as she brought one hand up to curl into my hair at the back of my head.  
I moaned in pleasure as she tugged lightly at my hair, and I parted her lips with my tongue and delved into her mouth tasting of her.  She tasted sweet like honey and mead and I drank of her as her tongue did a little dance with mine inside her mouth.  The outside world melted away until nothing was left except for Bellesa, the taste of her mouth, the electric touch of her fingers laced in my hair, and the exquisite feel of her body melded to mine.  
Time seemed to stop until I had no idea how long we stood in our entwined embrace, kissing and touching until I felt like my body would burst with passion and desire.  I ran my hands up and down her back feeling the soft texture of the soft silky cloth of her dress and wishing it were her bare skin.  
Suddenly, I realized she was still wearing the same white silk dress that she had been wearing when this whole fiasco had started, much like I had been wearing that suit until I had the chance to shower and change.  Bellesa had not had time to shower and change I realized, nor had anyone else for that matter.
I broke the kiss and stepped away from Bellesa, keeping my hands on her shoulders and looked her up and down.  She had a dreamy far-away look on her face, and I suspected it much matched my own since I felt euphoric from the after effects of our kiss.
“Bellesa, have you had a chance to shower yet”, I asked?
She blinked a couple of times and a look of confusion replaced the distracted look as she replied, “umm no, I guess I haven’t.  I didn’t really think about it.”
She looked down pensively at her dress and ran her hands over the form-fitting bodice.  Surprisingly, the dress was still in good shape save for the bloodstain on the top of the bodice from the cut on her neck she had suffered at the hands of Drysu.  I glanced at the spot where he had cut her and saw no trace of a scar.  Her hair, however, that had come down from her braid was straggled and disheveled and she had streaks of dirt on her face.  
“I’m surprised my dress isn’t in worse shape”, Bellesa said echoing my thoughts.  She ran a hand over her head and said, “I should be able to get this stain out, but my hair is a mess I bet.  I guess I do need to go freshen up.”
Saphrina came up to us with a smile on her face.  She, too, had on the same little black dress.  Her hair was still intact in the ponytail that hung over one shoulder and came down to her breast.  She looked as dazzling as she had when I had first laid eyes on her, and I wondered how she had managed to remain tidy when the rest of us looked like we had been through war.
“I can take care of things while you clean up if you want”, she said to Bellesa, obviously overhearing the end of our conversation.
“Thank you, Saphrina.  That would be wonderful”, Bellesa answered with a smile.  She turned to me and said, “I’ll be back soon.  Try not to get into any more trouble while I’m gone.”
I put my hand to my chest and feigned offense as I said, “me?  Get in trouble?  Whatever would make you think that?”
Bellesa and Saphrina giggled at my display and Bellesa turned to go freshen up as Saphrina grabbed my hand.  “Come on, lover boy.  Help us clean up this mess and fix the banquet hall.  We have to get it ready for Bellesa’s coronation.”
I waved good-bye to Bellesa and allowed Saphrina to drag me away to help everyone clean up.  I saw Pimedus in the crowd smiling at me with a knowing look in his eyes.  He must have seen my encounter with Bellesa I guessed, so I shrugged and gave him a wink and waggle of my eyebrows.  He laughed and continued with his task.  I looked around and spotted Oracle in the crowd, helping another soul fix a leg on a barstool.
“I’ll join you in a second”, I said to Saphrina as I took my hand out of hers.  She nodded her consent and moved away and picked up the broom that Bellesa had dropped and started sweeping debris from the floor.
I walked over towards Oracle, and she smiled at me encouragingly as she saw me coming.  She said something to the soul she was helping and walked over to meet me halfway.
She took my hands into hers as she said, “Gatu, dear, it is good to see you smiling.  Have you thought about my offer?”
I took a deep breath and gave her hands a friendly squeeze.  I looked into her kind sapphire eyes and said, “Yes…yes I have.”
I took another deep breath and steadied myself.  I did not want to disappoint her or hurt her in any way, but I simply could not find it in my heart to leave this place.  Especially now when Bellesa needed my support and help in stepping up to her position in Zendawiss.        
Oracle returned the squeeze and looked at me expectantly as she said, “Gatu, do not be afraid to tell me how you feel.  I will understand no matter what your decision may be.”
Her kind words gave me courage so I answered, “I do appreciate the invitation to Sun City, and I would love to visit sometime.  But, I cannot go live there, because my heart is here.”
The sad look I expected to come over Oracle’s face did not come.  Instead, a small steady smile spread across her lips and her dark blue eyes sparkled with mirth.  “Ah, I see.  Bellesa has your heart in her hands.”
Oracle let out a short laugh and released my hands to move beside me and throw an arm over my shoulders.  She gave me a pat on the back as she did and used that arm to lead me toward the doors to the courtyard.  “Come, sit and talk with me for a minute.  Don’t worry; I’m not going to try to talk you into going with me.  I just want to teach you a few small things before I have to leave you.”
We passed by Pimedus and Saphrina as we walked and she motioned for them to follow us.  Saphrina propped the broom up against the wall as we passed and Pimedus tossed the towel he had been using to polish new glasses for the bar to another soul who took up the job in Pimedus’s place.  
Oracle led us to one of the many benches in the courtyard.  This particular bench had always been my favorite, because it had a roof of flowers that grew and climbed over the arch that went up and over the bench.   I wondered if Oracle somehow knew this about me or if it was just a coincidence that she chose that particular bench.
“This bench has always been a favorite of mine here”, she said as she released me to sit down on one side of the bench.  She gave me a knowing look and a wink, and my heart skipped a beat as I realized that my suspicion could be correct.
How did she know me so well?  She always seemed to know what I was thinking and how I was feeling, and she seemed to know things about me that I have never told anyone.  How could this be?  I determined that I would ask her about this later as I sat beside her and waited to hear what she had to say.
There was another bench directly in front of this one, and Saphrina and Pimedus sat down on this one and faced Oracle.  
“To answer your question, Gatu”, Oracle began looking at me.  “I know everything because it is my job.  I know, see, and hear everything.  I am the leader; therefore I need to know everything to keep all my souls, creatures, and planets safe and thriving.”
My jaw flew open as I looked at her with a stunned expression on my face.  “B...b...but I never said…I mean how….what?”  I sputtered as I sat there flummoxed that she had known exactly what I was thinking.
Pimedus just snickered and tried to hide it by placing his hand over his mouth, but it did not work.  I knew he was laughing at me.  
Saphrina poked him with an elbow as she said, “leave him alone.  He hasn’t been taught anything, so how is he supposed to know things?”
I looked at her confused, so she continued to explain.  “Oracle is just what her name says.  She is an oracle with psychic powers.  She has visions, feelings, and can hear our thoughts.  You learn this in your studies on the last levels of training, but since you have only been through the first two levels you would not know this.”
I felt stupid in that moment and I became furious at Khanya since the blame was on her.  Instead of passing through my studies and going to training like I should have, I was held back by being put to work in the mansion with the other staff.  I did not mind helping the other souls in the least, but I was never told that I should spend more time studying.  I was never told about the training grounds, the levels of training, and was never taught how I should go about my lessons and studies.  
The only person who had told me what to study and when had been Bellesa.  She was always checking what book I was reading, telling me what book to read next, and quizzing me on the books I had already read.  Not to mention all the books she read to me or with me during our meetings in the courtyard.  I was thankful to her in that moment that I knew as much as I did, even though it was not near what I needed to know.  My studies were cut short when Khanya had sent me to live my second life, and when I came back from that venture on Earth everything fell apart.  
And now, here I am, ignorant and unknowing in the ways of the Nether and having no idea how to control the power that fluctuated through my body.  My own creation, that I had no idea how I created, was smarter and knew more than me.  
I began to rethink Oracle’s offer in that moment.  Maybe it would be a good thing for me to go away for a short time so I could become more knowledgeable in the ways of the Nether, learn how to control my powers, and grow strong and smart.  If I was strong enough I could help Bellesa protect Zendawiss and the Earth and I could protect her as well.  If I was smart enough, I would be able to help her solve problems that may arise in Zendawiss or on the planet.
As it was in this moment, I felt inferior and weak.  I was not able to protect Bellesa when she needed it most, which had led up to the situation we were in now.  I had been too stupid to figure out that Khanya was not as she seemed and was trying to use me. 
Oracle’s voice broke into my self-pitying thoughts.  “Gatu, you do not need to live in Sun City to utilize the University library and the training grounds.  I will teach you how to open a portal to Sun City and give you, Bellesa, and Saphrina an open invitation to visit whenever you like.”
I looked at her gratefully.  “You would do that for me?  Why?”
Oracle just smiled and said, “Gatu, you do not yet know how very special and important you are.  But you will, dear….one day you will.”  She patted my hand as she finished and the smile remained on her face.
“Then, I accept your offer”, I said as I returned her smile.  I was elated at the idea that I could stay here with Bellesa and still train and study and grow strong.
“I don’t mean to interrupt, Oracle, but why did you bring us out here”, Pimedus asked?
“Oh, yes.  I wanted to let you all know that Khanya and Drysu have still not been found.  What is stranger is that I cannot feel them in this plane anymore.  I fear that they may be hiding on one of the planets, and I doubt it is Earth or Jupiter since that is the first place we would look.”
“Then again”, Saphrina added.  “That might be what they are counting on.  They could be hiding there knowing we wouldn’t look there.  Hiding in plain sight I believe the saying goes.”
Oracle smiled proudly as she said, “very observant of you, Saphrina.  You may be right.  Whatever the case, I will send scouts to every planet and every city.  Rest assured we will find them somehow.”
“If those two are still on the lose Gatu may not be safe no matter where he is”, Pimedus said as he looked my way.  “I fear for his safety, Oracle.”
Oracle nodded her head in agreement.  “Yes, Pimedus, as do I.  They were very persistent in either using or destroying our Gatu.”
When Oracle said “our” Gatu I smiled as a warm feeling filled my heart.  I had spent the first part of my existence feeling estranged and alone save for Bellesa and Khanya.  Khanya's betrayal had hurt me immensely leaving me feeling even more unwanted and alone.  Now, however, I had Pimedus, Saphrina, and Oracle worrying over me and supporting me.  I could not help but feel wanted and loved, but even so fear filled my heart as well. 
I did not trust that anyone’s attentions were pure or without purpose.  What if they wanted to use me just like Khanya and Drysu?  After all, Oracle had said that I would be important.  Did she mean to use me for her own purposes as well?  And what of Pimedus?  I was his creation, more than that, I was his son.  Why had he created me in the first place?  He had created me to be an apprentice to take over leadership for him, but was there more to it?  Did he create me for his own intentions, and if so, what were they?
My thoughts were interrupted by Oracle’s voice as she said, “do not fear, Gatu.  I will appoint a guardian for you.  They will always be by your side and give their life to keep you safe.”  
She did not comment on my thoughts, so perhaps she had not heard them.  Then again, maybe she did hear them but simply decided to let me come up with my own conclusions on the matter.  Whatever the reason, she said nothing nor did she give me any knowing looks.  Therefore, I cast the thoughts aside and concentrated on the conversation at hand.
“Who will you appoint”, Pimedus was asking?  
I wanted to know this as well.  Guardians were souls that protected other souls in times of need, and this was definitely a time of need.  They were the proverbial bodyguards of the Nether.
“I have someone in mind”, Oracle answered with a sly smile.  “She used to be one of the most powerful guardians in the solar system.  Rhyad will be along with her shortly.”
Pimedus straightened at the sound of the name and asked in a low whispery voice, “Rhyad is coming?”
Oracle nodded slowly but made no comment.  Pimedus ran a hand through his dreadlocks; a movement that I had come to learn meant that he was extremely nervous or afraid.
“It will be okay, Pimedus”, Saphrina said as she took one of his hands into hers in a comforting way.
I looked from one to the other of them in confusion before I suddenly remembered the story that Pimedus had told me earlier that day in this very courtyard sitting on the same bench he was sitting on now.
Rhyad was the current leader of Pluto, the head city of the entire solar system.  Where Sun City was bright, light, and extremely warm; Pluto was dark and extremely cold.  It was a city of ice and the souls that lived there loved the cold.
Rhyad was also the second incarnation of Pimedus’s creator, Reyes.  Oracle had created Rhyad shortly after Pimedus had killed Reyes in a fit of jealousy and had placed Reyes’s life force into the body.  Rhyad was his own person, but he held all the memories, emotions, and feelings of Reyes. 
Pimedus had avoided any confrontations with him since that unfortunate incident and had therefore never yet met Rhyad, but now it seemed that fate was forcing Pimedus to face him.  He would have had to face him sooner or later anyway, but I would assume Pimedus would have rather it been later.  It had been years since the incident had occurred, but I could tell from the way he had told the story that his emotions were still raw.
Pimedus said not another word, but simply sat there with his hands in his lap staring into space.  I assumed that he was preparing himself mentally so I did not disturb him.  
Instead, I looked to Oracle and asked, “So, who is this soul that is going to be my guardian?”
Oracle just raised her eyebrows and smiled slyly as she answered, “You will see soon.  She is putting her affairs in order at the moment, but it should not be much longer.”
I was excited and a little anxious to see who Oracle had chosen to guard me.  I was hoping it was someone kind with a good sense of humor, and not someone serious, businesslike, and boring.
I hope they aren’t boring I heard Saphrina’s laughing voice in my head say. 
 I snickered and looked her way and answered in my mind that’s exactly what I was just thinking.
She laughed, which made me laugh, which left Oracle and Pimedus looking back and forth between the two of us questionably. 
This made us laugh even harder, but our laughter was quickly quieted by the sudden appearance of a portal beside the benches where we sat.  
Oracle and Pimedus were on their feet before Saphrina and I could respond, but we quickly followed suit as we saw a body fly from the portal and land solidly on their feet.
The first sight of him filled me with awe and fear, but I knew who he was from the hoarse whisper that left Pimedus’s mouth.
“Rhyad…”

CHAPTER 10

His domineering presence landed mere feet from where we stood.  Out of the corner of my eye I saw Pimedus take a step back just as Oracle took a step forward.  I stood gaping with my mouth hanging open at the sight of him.
He was tall and of medium build wearing a black leather biker jacket, matching leather pants, and black biker boots.  The jacket hung open showing a yellow t-shirt underneath, and the yellow shirt matched the color of his irises.  The yellow irises, however, was not the strangest part of his eyes.  Where the whites of his eyes should have been were black instead of white.  His skin was red and reminded me of a hot fire even though he was from the coldest city in the solar system.  He had jet-black hair and beard with streaks of grey throughout, and he had two small horns protruding from his forehead.
His features were framed in an oval shaped, slightly wrinkled face with a strong jawline, smallish nose, and large, oval shaped eyes.  He carried himself regally as if there should be souls lined on either side of him bowing to the ground as he walked past.  He reminded me of the personification of the human’s version of the devil.  If ever there was proof that souls that lived inside the humans subconsciously remembered bits and pieces from the Nether while they were in their earthly bodies, this was it.
His black leather boots clicked along the rock path as he made his way toward us, and I inadvertently took a step backwards, much like Pimedus had.  For some reason, Rhyad’s presence made me uneasy, though it was not exactly fear; more like nervousness.
As he got closer to us, I noticed another body descend gracefully out of the portal behind Rhyad and land just as gracefully on their feet just as the portal disintegrated and disappeared.  I knew this soul and wondered why she had come back, and with Rhyad as an escort.  Then, I remembered what Oracle had said about Rhyad bringing me a guardian.
I looked to Oracle stunned, but she only had eyes for Rhyad at the moment.  Surely, this could not be the soul that Oracle had picked to guard me when just hours before she had suspected her of conspiring with Khanya and Drysu.
Indiah smiled at me as she walked closer to where I stood dumbfounded and confused.  I did not know what to say or how to react, so I just stood there frozen in place.
Indiah stopped just in front of me and looked at me with her cat-like eyes.  She had braided her green hair back from her face and the brown color of her simple dress brought out the green color of her skin.  She looked more refreshed and happy than the last time I had seen her when she had been escorted away by one of Oracle’s scouts.
“It is nice to see you again, Gatu.”  Her voice was gentle and smooth like the soft petals of a rose or the flow of a vine climbing a trellis.  It was calm and serene and nothing like the first time I had met her when she had been upset and crying.  It held none of the wobbly brittleness of before.
“Hello, Indiah”, I said with a trace of cautiousness.  I remembered Oracle’s words of suspicion when she had been escorted away.  She was supposed to have been taken away to Oracle’s inquisition chambers for questioning and I wondered what had come of that situation.  Had she been declared innocent or was she here with Rhyad because she could not be trusted alone?
Oracle broke the awkward silence between us.  “Gatu, I am sure you remember Indiah?  She has been declared innocent by my most trusted scouts and Rhyad, of course, and has offered to help us bring Drysu and Khanya to justice.”
Well, that answered that question I thought and looked upon Indiah with new admiration.  If she had been found innocent from the person who knew everything then maybe she was trustworthy after all. 
“Yes, I remember her.  I found her in the garden right after Khanya and Drysu tried to kill me.”   There was no accusation in my tone (I was merely stating simple fact) but apparently Indiah misunderstood my statement.
She immediately bowed her head, folded her hands together, and would not look at me as she said in a solemn tone, “Gatu, I am so sorry about what Drysu has done.  I assure you I had no part in this, and I want to prove myself by guarding your life.  I will give my own life to protect you if I must.”
I was shocked by her statement and more so by her reverent actions.  After all, I was not some great leader to be bowed down to and honored in such a way.  Neither did I blame her for the actions of her counterpart or any other unfortunate incident that had happened to me because of him.  I looked to Oracle for guidance, because I did not know what to do in this situation.
Seeing my pleading look cast her way, Oracle stepped up beside Indiah, placed a hand on the back of her head, and said, “Indiah, my child, Gatu does not blame you for the actions of Drysu.  You do not have to apologize for another soul’s behavior.  Now, pick that pretty head up of yours and be the strong soul I know you are.  Gatu needs that now more than your apologies.”
Indiah instantly picked her head up and looked at me once more, this time with a look of fierce determination, and answered simply, “Yes, mother.”
“That’s my girl”, Oracle said proudly then turned her attention to Rhyad.
“I assume that you had no problems while I was away”, she asked as she wrapped her arms around his waist?
He returned Oracle’s hug and answered in a guttural tone, “No, everything went smoothly.  Indiah’s apprentice is watching over Scolacis while she is away.  Drysu had no apprentice, however, so I have placed my own apprentice in his stead.  We can find a more permanent leader for Nahastu if we must when this situation has ended.”
Oracle looked up at Rhyad lovingly as she stood holding him in her arms.  “Ah, yes, Rowland is more than capable.  He is a most wonderful apprentice.”
I winced when I heard that and looked over at Pimedus to gauge his reaction.  Even though Rhyad was not Reyes, he still held Reyes’s memories and emotions.  It was obvious from the way he held Oracle that he remembered loving her and still felt the same toward her.  
Apparently, Oracle had thought of this fact after the statement had already been said, because she instantly pulled away from Rhyad with an apologetic look in Pimedus’s direction as she said, “of course, you have had other wonderful apprentices.”
Rhyad glanced over at Pimedus as well and his yellow eyes began to glow with a dim light like a nightlight protecting a child from the darkness.  Pimedus sat on the bench and cast his eyes downward to the ground.  I saw his shoulders begin to shake and wondered if he were crying.  Saphrina moved over closer to me not daring to interfere in this reunion.  I felt horrible for Pimedus in that moment, but what could I do?
Rhyad walked over to Pimedus and laid a hand on the back of his head gently.  His eyes glowed a little brighter as he said in a soothing tone, “Pimedus, rise and greet me.  I bear no ill will toward you.  You have proven yourself remorseful for your actions, and you have redeemed yourself with the care of the planet Earth and Nochetawah.”
As he said this he glanced briefly toward Saphrina and me who stood gaping with amazement.  We were expecting the worst, and yet Rhyad seemed kind, forgiving, and gentle.  Pimedus’s shoulders shook violently and a loud sob echoed in the air.  Rhyad sat on the bench next to Pimedus and wrapped him in an embrace.  Pimedus was much larger than Rhyad in body, but Rhyad managed to envelop Pimedus completely somehow.  
After a few moments, Pimedus moved out of Rhyad's embrace and looked into his face.  “Father, I have missed you”, he said and his voice was hoarse from unshed tears.  “If I could take it all back I would.”
“Nonsense”, Rhyad replied as he rose to his feet.  “I am not blameless in this, Pimedus.  I should not have given up on you so easily.  I see that now.  Furthermore, I should never have been so heartless as to replace you with Drysu.  My assumption was that you would become so angry that it would shake you out of your depression.  I never dreamed it would end as it did.”
Pimedus sniffled loudly and drew in a deep breath of air.  “I don’t know what came over me that day.  If I had been in my right mind I would never have harmed you in any way.  I loved you…love you, father.”
Rhyad nodded his head as he said, “I know you do, son.  I have always and will always love my one and only son.”
Pimedus stood and threw his arms around Rhyad.  Rhyad was a few inches taller than Pimedus, which was saying a lot.  I had never seen Pimedus have to stretch to hug someone before.
I glanced over at Oracle who stood with her arms crossed over her bosom smiling like someone who had just had their fondest wish granted.  She met my gaze and gave me one of her famous winks and I breathed a sigh of relief.  
Saphrina was smiling too, and she took one of my hands into her own as her bright smile became even brighter with relief and happiness.  Indiah still stood where she was but she was looking at Pimedus and Rhyad, and even she had a happy smile on her face.  I noticed how her brown eyes looked even brighter when she smiled and the slit of her pupil was smaller causing the brown color to fill her eyes even more.  
She was very beautiful in an earthy sort of way as she stood there smiling contentedly.  I felt something brush against my pants leg and looked down quickly.  I saw Indiah’s bare feet entwined with vines that grew from the ground, and the vines were making their way up her legs encircling her calves as they grew up and out.  One of the vines was encircling my leg and I quickly stepped aside out of its reach.  
“It’s okay, Gatu.  They won’t hurt you”, Indiah said as she stroked one of the vines that had grown up to her waist.  “They are simply responding to my happiness.”
I relaxed and allowed the vine to circle around my calf and come up to my chest.  It did not squeeze or hurt me, but simply stroked against the side of my face as I stood rigidly still.  I felt a sudden surge of warmth climb from my feet up into my entire body.  A soft voice echoed in my head as the leaf of the vine stroked my face.
“Gatu, the one who remembers.  We will protect you as if you were one of our own.”
I jumped, startled at the voice that rang in my head and stared at the leaf in amazement.  “Did anyone else just hear this plant speak”, I asked in a whispered voice.
Indiah looked at me sharply.  “You heard the plant speak”, she asked suspiciously?
“Umm…I think so.  At least, I heard a voice in my head.”
Indiah narrowed her eyes at me and asked, “What did it say?”
The vines began to subside, descending down my leg and unwrapping from my leg.  They drew away from Indiah as well and simply disappeared into the ground at her bare feet where they had first begun to grow.  
I let out a breath unaware that I had been holding it and swallowed the lump that had formed in my throat before answering, “It said that they would protect me as if I was one of their own.”
Indiah’s eyes widened in surprise and she stared into my eyes for a second before responding.  “I was not aware that you had an affinity for plants like me.”
“Neither was I”, I answered.
“It would make sense, though”, Saphrina (who had watched the entire scene unfold) said.  “He can control air and earth, so it would make sense that he has an affinity for the plants that grow from the earth and breathe the air.”
I smiled at Indiah sheepishly as she continued to stare at me in awe.  “Apparently, I have many hidden talents but no idea how to control them.  I don’t even know how many more I have or when they will manifest themselves to me.”
Indiah shook her head slightly and blinked several times as if awakening from a trance.  “Well, it seems as if there is much I can teach you about the earth and the plants.  The air, however, not so much.”  She shrugged apologetically.
“I’ll take all the help I can get at this point”, I responded.  
“You never cease to amaze me, son”, Pimedus said to me as he came up to us.  Rhyad and Oracle followed behind and everyone circled around me. 
 I felt everyone’s eyes on me and my breathing became shallow.  I began to feel as if I could not breathe and I began to gasp for air.  My heart raced inside my chest and my sight went out of focus.  I saw black creeping into my peripheral vision and the world started to spin.
What’s happening to me?  I thought towards Saphrina as I reached a hand out to her.
She cannot hear you a voice thought back at me.  It was the voice I had heard from the cane and I quickly noticed that the cane was strapped around Oracle’s waist.  No one is aware of anything the voice said.  It is as if you are frozen in time. 
What have you done to me I asked in my head frantically?
It is just a simple spell and it will wear off quickly so please pay attention.
How can you cast spells if you have no body and are trapped in the cane?
Her voice became annoyed as she answered there is not time for questions, please.  I will explain everything when I am in control of my body once again.
I quieted my mind and listened intently as the voice continued.  I need you to find Khanya.  Find her and bring her to me.
Did she do this to you? I asked alarmed.
Just find her, please.  I am counting on you, Gatu.
The voice faded and my vision slowly returned.  I gasped and took in a great breath of fresh air and began to breathe normally once more.  My heart beat steadied and I looked around at the others who were all frozen in place where they had been before I heard the voice.
All at once, everyone became animated again and Oracle was nodding her head excitedly.  “Yes, I agree with Pimedus.  Gatu, you are truly astounding!”
Saphrina was smiling proudly and Rhyad extended a hand out to me.  “I am Rhyad, second incarnate of Reyes, leader of Pluto and the solar system.  I am pleased to shake the hand of the soul who remembers.”
Such a formal introduction from a great leader, and apparently I had earned a title to my name as well!  I returned his handshake in a state of awe and thought nothing more of the voice from the cane.  
Oracle went into the mansion to introduce Rhyad to the crowd and all the souls of Zendawiss were in awe of the fact that both of the great leaders of the solar system had come to help and meet the people.  The next few hours were spent cleaning and repairing and by the time everyone was finished the banquet hall was restored to its formal glory.
Saphrina and Pimedus offered to show Oracle and Rhyad to the guest quarters on the fifth floor so they could take a rest, and I was left to wonder what had happened to Bellesa.  I followed the others up to the fifth floor and looked up and down the hallway, but she was nowhere to be seen.  I thought to check Khanya's former office, but was drawn to the balcony instead.  
Someone had fixed the window and the balcony door I noticed and I walked out onto the balcony and looked down at Zendawiss.  The brightness was back and people were walking back and forth along the sidewalks once more.  I looked out and saw the Ferris wheel once again operational and turning slowly, and I could hear the drifts of music coming from the streets.  
I thought about the voice coming from the cane and wondered who could be trapped in there.  Whoever it was must be very powerful to be able to cast a spell, however small, while trapped inside.  What could they want with Khanya?  What did she have to do with this?  Did this soul have something to do with her and Drysu's plans to take over the solar system?  All these questions and more rang through my head as I stood staring out over the city.
“Want some company”, a clear musical voice rang out into the air interrupting my thoughts?  I did not even have to turn around to know who was standing behind me on the balcony.  I would know her voice anywhere.
She was the one soul in this whole universe who could bring me out of my darkest mood, but to gaze on her took me to my highest.  I turned toward her voice to look upon her radiant skin, her perfect diamond shaped face, cute button nose, and large pastel pink eyes.  She licked her full voluptuous lips as she stood there under my scrutiny.
She had changed clothes, I noticed, and was now wearing a pink camisole top that left her arms and shoulders bare and dipped down provocatively to show the very tops of her full breasts.  A short white mini skirt showed off her long legs and a pair of pink pumps accentuated her calves.  She looked scrumptious as she walked toward me on the balcony. 
“I was looking for you”, I said swallowing the lump in my throat.  “Did you enjoy your shower?”
She took a step closer to me, raising her head to look up into my face.  She smiled as she said, “Yes, I did.  It was heavenly.”
She stepped closer still and I took a large intake of breath through my nose.  “Yes, you smell better now.”
She slapped me playfully across the chest as she closed the distance between us smiling coyly up at me.  “Are you trying to say that I stunk?”
I laughed nervously as she pressed her chest into mine.  She had to know how much she affected me because she held that coy sly smile as she pressed into me and looked up into my face.  “I would never say you stink”, I said.  “You smell amazing.”
“Hmmm…” she murmured as she placed both hands on my hips.  “Keep talking”, she whispered softly.
My voice quivered as I said, “you are beautiful, Bellesa.  You are perfect in every way.”
I ran my hands up and down her arms and said, “Your skin shines with the most beautiful pearlescent colors and is like touching the softest of silks.”
I curled a strand of hair around one of my fingers and said, “Your hair is the color of the purest pearl in the sea and feels like the softest of cotton.”
I tweaked her cute nose with the tip of my finger and said, “Your face is my sunshine on the cloudiest of days.”
She smiled and reached one hand up and ran it through my hair as she said, “I love your coal black hair, so soft like the feathers of a raven.”
She caressed my cheek and said, “I love your skin, so soft and gray like the feathers of a dove.”
She cradled my face in both hands and said, “I love your dark brown eyes, like the feathers of the great wise owl.”
Her face was so close to mine that I could feel her breath hit my face when she breathed.  I was frozen where I stood not able to form words or think a thought.  I was helpless, basked in her light and blessed by her touch.
“I love you, Gatu”, she said in a breathless whisper, and my whole world seemed to shift as she placed her lips softly against mine in the gentlest of kisses.
“I love you, Bellesa”, I said against her lips.  “More than you will ever know”, I mumbled and deepened the kiss.  I wrapped her in my embrace and kissed her deep drinking her in and reveling in her hot sweetness.
One hand ran up into my hair and the other hand trailed down to my waist and she frantically tugged the t-shirt out of the waistband of my jeans.  A thrill of passion sparked through my veins as she reached up under my shirt and touched the bare skin of my side.
I ran my hand down her arms and onto her waist, slowly raising her camisole up and slipping my hands underneath.  I stroked the bare skin of her ribs right under her breasts and I heard her soft moan of pleasure as my thumb brushed over the nipple of one breast.  Slowly, I raised the camisole higher until I could cup her breasts firmly in my hands.  
I broke the kiss momentarily so I could rapidly pull my shirt off over my head, then I pulled her back to me and kissed her more urgently as my desire grew inside my gut.  I raised her camisole even higher and she pressed her breasts against my bare skin as ripples of yearning made their way through my body.  
I could feel the lace from her bra brush against my sensitive skin, and Bellesa moaned even louder as I took one breast into my hand and flicked her nipple between my thumb and forefinger through the bra.  Her hands rested against my bare chest and one hand began to glide down my ribs and across the flat muscular planes of my stomach.  It was my turn to moan in pleasure as her hand dipped lower and played along the outside of my jeans below my stomach.
My entire body was filled with want and need and I had the sudden urge to rip off the rest of our clothes and take her right here on the balcony floor.  I had more respect for her than that, however, so I broke off the kiss and held her at arm’s length.  Her eyes were glazed over and her cheeks were flushed.  Her breathing came in short shallow gasps and she moaned in protest and tried to pull me back to her.
“Bellesa’, I rasped in a voice filled with longing and passion.  “Let’s continue this elsewhere.  Someone may come down the hallway.”
Apparently, she had momentarily forgotten where we were, because she looked around confused for a moment before responding.  “Yes, you’re right.  We should go somewhere more private.”
She smoothed her camisole back down in place and ran a hand through her loose hair.  She took a breath as if to compose herself and said, “Follow me.  I have a surprise for you.”
I backed away embarrassed and turned away from her as I said “let us look out over the city for just a moment first.”
She looked at me uncertainly and asked, “Why?  What’s wrong?”
I took a deep breath and glanced over my shoulder at her and said, “Because…these jeans are very tight.”
She still looked uncertain for a moment, so I went on to say, “if I walk in tight jeans it could be very uncomfortable with the rubbing…”
I trailed off trying to find the words to describe my situation, but then her eyes widened in understanding and she began to laugh.  It started out as a small chuckle then grew to a full belly laugh as she walked up beside me where I stood leaning on the railing.  
I gave her a dirty look and said, “Stop laughing at me.”
“I can’t help it”, she blurted between giggles.  She caught her breath and said, “I’m sorry, really.  I’m just so happy that I can affect you like that.”
She tried to hold her laughter but it did not work and she started another bought of giggles.  I tried to act indignant, but seeing her bright, shining, laughing face made me smile until I too was laughing.
We stood there for a moment just enjoying each other’s company and the scenery until I felt that I could safely walk without hurting myself and our laughter had subsided.
“So, what is this surprise that you have for me”, I asked Bellesa as I turned around to leave the balcony.  
“Oh, you will see!”  She grabbed me by the hand and practically dragged me from the balcony.  We walked hand in hand down the hallway toward the staircase.
I heard footsteps behind us and glanced back to see Indiah following us.  “Hey, Indiah, what’s up”, I called over my shoulder?
“I am coming with you.  I am your guardian, sworn to protect you, so where you go I go.”
“Indiah is your guardian”, Bellesa asked and her eyebrows shot up in surprise?  “I was not even aware that she was here!  Why do you need a guardian?”
“Ah, yes, you missed a lot while you were cleaning up”, I answered.  “Rhyad is here as well.  He brought Indiah with him to guard me because Khanya and Drysu have dropped off the radar.”
“They haven’t found them yet?  Where could they have gone?”  Bellesa’s tone was worried and somewhat frantic as she stopped in the hallway and turned to me.
I stopped as well and Indiah came up beside us.  “Do not worry Bellesa”, she said in a soothing tone.  “They will find her.  They are searching every city and planet thoroughly.  I am sure it will not be long before they are found.”
Bellesa regarded Indiah suspiciously as she said, “I thought you were being questioned in connection with them.”
“I was questioned by Rhyad and cleared of any allegiance with Drysu or Khanya.  I was here to try to stop them and I volunteered to help in any way I can.  Oracle created me to be a guardian, and before I became leader I was one of the best guardians in the solar system”, Indiah explained in a calm tone.  She did not seem to be offended in the least of Bellesa’s mistrustful attitude.
Bellesa nodded and said, “Very well, then.  I tend to be protective of Gatu as well, so you have some competition lady.”
The tiniest hint of a smile curled the edges of Indiah’s pouty lips as she responded, “well, I guess I will have to be on the top of my game then.”
I was pleasantly surprised at Indiah’s playful attitude.  I laughed aloud and Bellesa punched me playfully in the gut.  “You’re supposed to me on my side”, she said and pouted her lips.
This made me laugh even harder and Bellesa and Indiah laughed along with me.
“So, where is everyone”, Bellesa asked?
Indiah answered, “Rhyad, Pimedus, and Oracle were in the meeting room when I left.  They had some personal things to discuss.  Saphrina was resting in her room.”
“I was just about to take Gatu into the city.  I have something I want to show him”, Bellesa said.
Indiah nodded and replied, “Ok, then.  I’ll be right behind you.”
Bellesa tugged my hand and I followed her down the hallway to the staircase.  We went all the way down to the main doors of the mansion and I began to wonder what Bellesa had to show me.  We walked out of the mansion and into the city and down the sidewalk that lead to the homes.  
We came up to a cute little Victorian style two-story house.  It was white with red trim and the flowerbeds surrounding the front porch and house were filled with red and white rose bushes.  We walked up the stone walkway to the front door and Bellesa opened the door without knocking.
“Whose house is this”, I asked in appreciation as I admired the large roofed front porch with its cute porch swing and outside chairs with red and white cushions?
Bellesa did not answer and only smiled as she turned and walked into the house.  Indiah stopped for a moment to stroke one of the roses before coming up on the porch and her eyes held the same admiration as mine.  “It is a beautiful house”, she remarked as she looked around.
“Yes, it is”, I said as I followed Bellesa into the house.
“I’m glad you like it”, Bellesa said as I stepped into the house behind her.
“Why is it so important that I like this house”, I asked confused?
Bellesa turned to me and smiled wide as she answered, “Because…It is yours.”

CHAPTER 11

I was stunned.  My house?  This was my house!  I had been waiting for a house for a long time.  Khanya was supposed to have been building me a home or waiting for a home to open, but she had never mentioned that a house was ready.  
“When did you have time to do this”, I asked Bellesa as I looked around the large foyer?
“I had a couple of souls help me redecorate it for you.  That is why I was gone so long.  Do you think I take 4 hour long showers?”  She giggled and stepped back so I could take in my surroundings.
 The inside was just as beautiful as the outside.  The foyer was done in white with green ivy patterned trim and had a staircase to one side, a small door on the other side, and large double French doors in the center.  Bellesa went to the double French doors and opened them up wide.  
Through the doors was a large living area with a cozy stone fireplace, two comfortable looking couches, a small sofa, and a recliner.  They were placed in a square pattern around the fireplace with a large marble coffee table in the middle.  The couches, sofa, and armchair were done in dark blue with forest green trim complete with fluffy looking decorative white pillows.  The walls were painted white with dark blue trim and the shiny wood floors had forest green throw rugs placed in strategic places throughout the room.
“This house is amazing”, I exclaimed as Bellesa led us across the living area to another doorway on the other side of the room!
“You haven’t seen anything yet”, she answered slyly and raised her eyebrows up and down.
The other doorway was arched and open and led into a dining room with a table big enough to seat eight.  There was a china cabinet in one corner and a buffet style table along one wall.    The room was done in a bright daffodil yellow with medium blue trim and the same wood floors that were in the living area. The other wall had another open arched doorway that lead into the kitchen.
The kitchen was fully furnished with a stove, double wall ovens, a large double door refrigerator, and an island countertop in the center.  There were countertops and cabinets all throughout and a double sink and built in dishwasher as well.  I ran my hand lovingly along the ceramic black countertops with its white cabinet doors and thought about how I had always wanted a home with black and white tile floors in the kitchen.  There was an outside door on one wall that I assumed led out to the back yard. 
“Ahem”, Bellesa grunted just as I was about to go see what lay beyond that door.  “This way.  We can go see the back yard in a bit.”
She giggled as she led me back into the dining room and across to the other side where there stood a simple door.  She opened the door to a large bathroom with the biggest bathtub I had ever seen.  Upon closer inspection I realized it was actually a spa!  There was a toilet, separate shower stall, and a double sink with a large mirror.  There were also mirrors surrounding the walls around the spa.  The room was done in black and white much like the kitchen except the tiles boasted a black and white swirl pattern instead of a checkerboard pattern like the kitchen.
“This is the guest bath”, Bellesa said waving her arms around proudly.
“If this is the guest bath then I can’t wait to see the master bath”, Indiah said in the doorway.  She held an awestruck look in her eyes as she looked around the bathroom.  
“I agree”, I said as I ran my hands across the black marble countertop of the double sinks.
“The master bedroom and bath and the guest rooms are upstairs”, Bellesa said as she led us out of the bathroom and started back towards the foyer.
“Guest rooms”, I inquired?  “Who would I have as guests?”
“Well, right now you have Indiah.  And you may want Saphrina or Pimedus to visit.”
I drew closer to Bellesa and wrapped one arm around her waist as I asked, “what about you?”
She smiled and went up on tiptoe to place a kiss on the tip of my nose and whispered, “Do you really think I’m going to stay in a separate room when I come to visit?”
Desire coursed through my veins as images of Bellesa and I wrapped in each other’s arms and tangled up in the blankets of a king-size bed flooded my mind.  I smiled and gave her a quick kiss before releasing her to finish the tour.
Indiah rolled her eyes at us and said, “Get a room.”
“I’m about to”, I responded waggling my eyebrows up and down suggestively.
Bellesa’s cheeks turned shades of red and Indiah giggled as we made our way up the stairs in the foyer.  The stairs went down as well I noticed, and I wondered why.
“What’s in the other door there and what’s downstairs”, I asked Bellesa as we walked up the stairs.
“That is the coat closet”, she answered pointing down toward the door.  “The downstairs goes down to the finished basement and there is a full size washer and dryer down there for laundry.”
“Awesome”, I said as I continued to follow Bellesa up the stairs.
Bellesa escorted us through the two guest bedrooms, each done similarly with a king-size bed, dresser with a large mirror, chest of drawers, and walk-in closets.  They were done in shades of brown and forest green.  Indiah remarked that she liked these colors very much because they reminded her of plants and dirt.  There was a guest bath designed like the one downstairs and a game room with a billiards table, dart board, and a stocked wet bar.  
When we came to the master bedroom my excitement grew.  I had always wanted a large room with a grand bed done in shades of green and blue since these were my two favorite colors.  It was everything I wanted and more.  The bed was definitely large (an extra-king size) and it had a canopy with sheer cloth draping to the floor.  The material was tied back to the posts revealing an opening that looked very inviting.  
I walked up to the bed and slid my hand along the sheer white cloth of the canopy admiring the soft texture of the material.  I ran my hand along the bedspread of the bed and found that it was silk and very soft.  I guessed that the sheets were silk as well, and when I lifted the bedspread I found my guess to be right.  The silk bedspread was a deep green with blue and beige geometric patterns, and the silk sheets were the same blue as in the bedspread.  
It was a beautiful bed and the rest of the room was just as gorgeous with a dark oak dresser and chest of drawers.  The plush carpet was deep green and the walls were painted beige with blue trim.  I imagined how great it would feel to wake up in the grand bed and sink my bare feet into the thick carpet.
“So, do you like it”, Bellesa asked with a hopeful look in her eyes?
“I absolutely love it”, I exclaimed and jumped into the open canopy onto the bed!  The mattress was soft and comfortable as I lay on my back with my hands behind my head.  My head was propped up on one of the many pillows and I found that these too were soft and comfortable.
“The house belonged to a soul that decided to live in Sun City.  I just had to redecorate it and furnish it.”  Bellesa looked around the room proudly as she spoke.
“You picked all the colors”, I asked surprised?
“Yes.  I remembered what your favorite colors were and added some of my own.”
I jumped off the bed, walked over to her, and gathered her into my arms in a hug.  “Thank you, Bellesa.  And, be sure to thank the souls that helped you.”
She sighed contentedly and snuggled into my embrace.  “I would do anything for you, Gatu.”
“Oh, for goodness sake, can we see the back yard now”, Indiah asked feigning exasperation as she rolled her eyes?
We broke apart and Bellesa giggled and said, “of course you can.  I think you will like it, Indiah.”
“If it has plants I will love it”, Indiah replied giving Bellesa a wink.
We left the magnificent bedroom and made our way back downstairs to the back door in the kitchen.  As we made our way back through the house I watched Bellesa and Indiah in deep conversation about the plants she had chosen for the back yard garden.  
I was happy that Bellesa and Indiah were getting along, especially because Indiah may be with me for a while.  I was positively elated at the fact that Bellesa and I seemed to be moving forward in our relationship.
Bellesa had said she loved me!  It was more than I had ever hoped for and I was enthusiastic and excited about what would come about in our future.  For now, however, I was just happy to be loved by her even though I doubted that her love was near what mine was for her.
At the moment the fact that I was different (or “special” as Oracle had said) was far from my mind.  I was no longer concerned about finding out why I was different and just accepted it for what it was.  I was happy, no longer alone, and as close to safe as I could hope for in this moment.  I would learn, grow stronger, and have Bellesa by my side.  If the opportunity ever presented itself for me to find out why I was “the soul who remembers all” then I would take it as long as it did not take me away from her.
Suddenly, I remembered the voice that had come from Saphrina's cane.  My adventures were far from over it would seem.  I realized that I would need to come up with some kind of plan to find Khanya and figure out what she had to do with the soul trapped inside the cane.  The voice had asked me to find her, though I did now know why.  However, Indiah was here to protect me from her so it would be difficult to go searching for her purposefully.  
The most I could hope for was that Khanya would find me but I doubted I would be able to find anything out from her since she wanted to kill me.  Maybe I should tell someone and ask for help, or I could wait until I learned how to control my powers a little more.
Asking for help would be faster, but there were very few people I could think of that I would be able to fully trust.  I had doubts about Pimedus and Oracle and their intentions for me.  Indiah was just doing her job and would never allow me to get close to Khanya much less go looking for her.  I did not know Rhyad enough to ask him for help, nor would I if I did since he was so intimidating to me.
That only left Bellesa and Saphrina.  Saphrina definitely needed to know since the cane belonged to her now, and Bellesa could possibly help get through to Khanya since she had a bond with her that none of the rest of us had.  
As we came to the back door of my new home I pushed the thought aside and vowed I would discuss this with Bellesa later when we had some alone time.  Then, we could find a way to talk with Saphrina alone.  
The only problem I could see was Indiah.  I had to find a way to let Bellesa and Saphrina know about the voice without Indiah finding out.  If Indiah found out that I was planning to go out to look for Khanya on my own with the girls she would probably take me to Pluto and throw me in the dungeons to keep me safe.
A delighted squeal interrupted my thoughts as we entered the back yard.  It was Indiah as she ran down the back porch steps, along the rock path to the garden, and practically threw herself into the flowerbed.
“You planted sunflowers!  They are my favorite”, she said excitedly as she went to her knees and stroked the flowers like a mother who had come home to her children after a long trip!
“Yes, they are babies now, but they will grow very large”, Bellesa replied as she smiled at the sight if Indiah petting the tiny green shoots.
Indiah just smiled as she spoke to the baby sunflowers.  I saw her eyes change from golden brown to the color of dry sand on a sunny beach.  Her green skin began to glow with a vibrant golden light that grew and surrounded her like her own personal aura.  The glow reached out to the baby sunflowers extending from Indiah like ghostly arms.
When the glow touched the plants they began to grow!  They grew larger and taller and sprouted buds that opened their brown face with its golden petals.  Everywhere the golden glow touched the plants grew until all the newly planted flowers in the garden were suddenly full grown and blooming.  The sunflowers were so large they were almost as tall as the first story of the house!  The garden also boasted poppies, pansies, and lady slippers in various colors.  They were all strategically placed so that one could see all the flowers without any being hidden behind the other.  
In the center of the garden was a fountain with sparkling water flowing out of the center and down into a stone basin.  As the golden light touched the fountain, a spray of vines climbed their way up the base of the fountain and wound themselves around the basin.  The leaves shook and settled in place making the fountain seem as if it had been there for centuries.  The vines did not take away from the beauty of the fountain but added to it.
To the side of a fountain was a bench that featured an arched trellis that formed a roof over it, much like my favorite bench in the courtyard of the mansion except the trellis was bare.  When the golden light touched the ground beneath the trellis, however, millions of tiny pink rosebuds sprouted out everywhere covering the trellis and creating a roof of flowers over the bench.
The golden light shimmered and wavered in the air for a moment longer, then dissipated into a sparkling cloud of mist and sank into the ground.  Indiah stood up from her kneeling position and her skin and eyes were back to normal.  
She walked up to us smiling and said, “You have a beautiful garden, Gatu.  Take care of these babies and they will take care of you.”
“They aren’t babies anymore”, I said in a whispering voice as I stood there awestruck at the sight.
Bellesa seemed just as awestruck as I was as she whispered, “it’s just like I imagined it would be when it was all grown out.” 
I felt something deep in my gut like I was being drawn gently forward.  It was not forceful or violent, but rather like a gentle nudge.  I looked out over my garden and I felt a sense of longing as if I was not complete unless I was inside the garden.  I walked toward the bench and the closer I got to it the more I felt like I was coming home.
When I reached the outskirts of the garden the plants that could reach me touched me, stroked me, and some even climbed up my legs so that I had to stop and allow them to detangle themselves before I could walk any further.  When I got to the bench I sat down and the pink climbing roses that covered the trellis came down from their perch and wrapped themselves around me gently.  I sat there covered in roses and vines that had shot up from the ground to wrap themselves around my legs.  
I felt no fear, no discomfort, or worry at all.  On the contrary, I felt safe, protected, and at home.  I closed my eyes and reveled in the sensation of being cared for and loved by the ground and its plants and even the air that blew a slight breeze through my hair as if to say “hey don’t forget about me!”
I was surrounded and protected by the two elements that I had learned I could control so far and the thought crossed my mind that I could be very powerful indeed if only I could learn to manipulate my powers.  The plants and the ground sent these feelings into my heart and the wind whispered the words into my ear as I sat there connected to the earth, the plants, and the air.
Suddenly I was awaken from my trance by Bellesa frantically calling my name.  My eyes flew open to find that I could not see anything.  I was entwined in a cocoon of plants so much that I was in complete darkness.  I realized how it must look from the outside, so I called out so Bellesa would not worry.
“I’m fine, Bellesa.  They aren’t hurting me.”  It was true they were not harming me in any way.  In fact, I actually felt quite comfortable setting here cocooned by roses and vines.  The thorns did not even touch me, and shied away from my skin if I shifted or moved as if to protect me from their painful pricks.
I could hear Bellesa’s relieved tone as she called out, “well, tell them to let you go.  It’s kind of freaking me out.”
I could hear Indiah giggle delightedly as she said, “it’s okay Bellesa.  He is communicating with the plants.  They will protect him with their lives.”
I laughed and said aloud, “okay, guys.  Talk time is over.  We’re scaring my girlfriend.”
Instantly, the plants began to draw away from me until the cocoon was gone and I sat on the bench free of their grasps.  The roses had gone back to covering the trellis and the vines went back into the ground.
When I looked up at Bellesa she was smiling radiantly at me and she threw herself onto me laughing happily.
“What made you so happy?   I thought you were scared.”  I caught her and sat her in my lap and wrapped my arms around her waist.
She played her fingers in my hair and looked into my eyes with that happy euphoric grin on her face as she answered, “You called me your girlfriend.”
I straightened slightly at the realization that she was right.  I had called her my girlfriend.  I had not even thought about it because it just slipped naturally out of my mouth.
I asked uncertainly, “Well, you are aren’t you?”
“Well, you never formally asked me, so I wasn’t sure how you felt about it.  But, yes, I want to be your girlfriend.”  She kept playing with my hair and her voice held a hint of nervousness.
“Then you are my girlfriend”, I assured her and she settled into my lap and laid her head on my shoulder.  I, of course, wanted her to be more than just my girlfriend, but this was a good start.
I sat there holding Bellesa as contentment settled into my heart.  I looked up at Indiah who stood watching me with a beaming smile on her face.  She had her hands clasped together under her chin and she was swinging the top part of her body back and forth elatedly.  
“What”, I asked with a laugh?
“I’m just so happy that you have an affinity for plants like me”, she answered and the excitement came out in her voice.
“I think they may have an affinity for me”, I laughed.
“Well, whichever it may be, there is so much I can teach you.  You can be very powerful with just this gift alone.”
Bellesa raised her head up off my shoulder and replied, “You are right, Indiah, he could be.  But, I think Gatu needs to learn to use all of his gifts, powers, and abilities.  If he focuses on one and ignores the others it could be harmful if an ignored power decides to show its face at a very unfortunate time.”
Indiah simply bowed her head and said, “of course you are right, my lady.”
Bellesa chuckled as she rose off my lap.  “Indiah, you don’t have to call me that.  After all, you are a leader in your own right and deserve the same respect and reverence.  More so, actually, since I am new and you have been leader since I first came into existence.”
Indiah smiled and replied, “yes, but I am in your city; therefore I must give you the respect.  When you are in my city you may return the favor.”
Bellesa sighed as she walked back toward the entrance to the house.  “Yes, yes, Indiah, I know and understand all the formalities.  I am merely suggesting that since you may be here for a time we drop the formalities and communicate in a more casual manner.”
Indiah smiled, nodded, and said, “that is acceptable, Bellesa.”
Bellesa gave Indiah a friendly clap on the back and said, “Welcome to Zendawiss, Indiah.”

CHAPTER 12

We all made our way back into the house and I browsed around my new, fully stocked kitchen and found the ingredients for a nice spaghetti dinner with tomato meat sauce and cheesy garlic bread.  Bellesa left for a moment and came back with a bottle of pinot noir.  
“Where did you get that”, I asked as my mouth watered for a taste of the tart red wine?
“You have a full wine rack in the basement”, Bellesa answered.
I was just putting the bread in the oven as Indiah set the table with five place settings.  I was getting ready to ask who the other two place settings were for when I heard the chimes of a doorbell.  
“I’ll get the door”, Bellesa said as she sat the bottle of wine on the island counter.  She passed Indiah in the dining room smiling contentedly as she took five wine glasses out of the china cabinet and placed one at each setting.
Bellesa paused and asked, “How did you know we would need more settings?”
“A little bird told me”, she replied with a smile as she pointed to the dining room window where a small songbird sat on the outside sill singing it’s song.
Bellesa said not another word and went to answer the door.  I placed four more pieces of bread on the pan, brushed them with the garlic butter I had made, and placed the pan in the oven.  I worried over if I would have enough pasta to feed five, so I quickly browsed the vegetable drawer of my refrigerator.  I was delighted to find spring mix, baby kale, a head of iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, and carrots.  I found dried cranberries in the pantry along with a package of balsamic dressing mix.  It would not be as tasty as homemade dressing but it would do in a pinch.
“Indiah, can you come help me when you’re finished setting the table, please?”
Indiah came instantly, grabbed a knife and cutting board, and began to chop and cut without me having said a word.  I just shrugged my shoulders and began to transfer the pasta and sauce to serving dishes and take them to the table.  I prepared the dressing and poured it into a nice cruet that I found in one of the cabinets and placed it on the table as well.  Indiah followed with a bowl of delicious looking tossed salad and placed it next to the cruet of dressing.
I heard voices coming from the living area and I recognized one of them instantly.  It was Oracle’s lilting singsong voice saying how much she loved the house.  I took off my cooking apron and hung it back on its hook in the kitchen and made my way to the living area.
“Gatu!  I am glad to see you again”, Oracle exclaimed as she came to me to wrap me in a grandmotherly hug.
I returned the hug and found that I was genuinely glad to see her too even though I had doubts about her before.  I was not, however, glad to see the person she had brought with her.  Rhyad stood just inside the living area door staring at me with his piercing gaze.
It was not as if I did not like him.  On the contrary, he seemed to be a kind soul.  It was just that I did not know him yet and he made me nervous for some reason.  Plus, his horns creeped me out a bit.
I nodded a greeting at him and he simply nodded back.  Oracle released me and gave Bellesa her full attention as she talked about the restoration and redecoration efforts of the house.  We three made our way to the dining room as Oracle and Bellesa continued speaking and they all took seats at the table as Indiah poured the wine that she had opened in my absence.  She had also gotten the bread from the oven and placed it on the table in a nice serving basket.
Bellesa sat to the right of the seat at the head of the table and Oracle sat to the left.  Indiah sat next to Bellesa, which left the seat at the head of the table for me.  I started to go to my seat when I realized that Rhyad had not followed us into the dining room.
“Where is Rhyad”, I asked Oracle as I looked back toward the living area?
“He is guarding the door where he should be”, Oracle answered as if I should have known.
“The door is well guarded by my plants”, Indiah replied.  “I would not be so careless as to leave the door unguarded, mother.”
“Of course not, Indiah, I did not mean to imply that it was unsafe.  Rhyad always guards the door wherever we go together.  He is so overprotective”, she said rolling her eyes.
I laughed when she said this, which earned me a playfully mean look from Oracle.  I quickly explained, “I’m sorry for laughing, but I wouldn’t think you would need protecting.”
“I need no protection, of course.  Try telling him that though”, Oracle said with a laugh and pointed towards the living area.
“Well, we set a place for him, so he needs to come eat”, Bellesa replied as she rose from her seat.
We all rose and went after her.  I was curious to see how she was going to get the elusive Rhyad to come set and eat with a bunch of souls he did not know.  I had heard stories about Rhyad (besides the story that Pimedus had told me and my own personal experiences) from other souls who had said that Rhyad hardly ever leaves Pluto.  I had never heard of a soul that had ever had the pleasure of a visit from Rhyad unless he was accompanied by Oracle.  Even then, he would only stay by Oracle’s side and hardly speak a word.
He had only spoken to Oracle and Pimedus upon his arrival in Zendawiss, and had introduced himself to me briefly.  Other than that I had not had much interaction with him.
Bellesa marched into the living area, right up in front of Rhyad, and placed her hands on her hips as she stopped in front of the tall red-skinned man.  She did not seem one bit intimidated as I would have if I had tried this.
She tapped the toe of one foot up and down and pointed a finger at Rhyad’s chest as she said in a scolding voice, “Why are you being rude to Gatu?”
Rhyad made no move except to cock one eyebrow and look down at Bellesa with those daunting yellow eyes and replied, “I have done nothing.”
Bellesa let out an exasperated sigh and said, “Exactly!  You have done nothing but stand there and look intimidating.  You have not greeted anyone nor have you thanked your host for having you in his home.  He cooked a delicious meal and yet you refuse to partake.”
Rhyad said nothing and just looked at Bellesa with a menacing stare.  Bellesa refused to back down and just stood there with her hands on her hips and tapping her foot at him.  In that moment I loved her even more for her boldness and bravado.
After a minute Bellesa said, “Well?  Are you going to greet Gatu or do I have to kick you out of the house?”
My eyes widened in surprise as the smallest hint of a smile appeared at the corners of Rhyad’s lips.  It disappeared almost as quick as it had appeared and I wondered if I had imagined it.  He looked up at me with a strange expression and I froze.  I would be lying if I said I stood my ground like Bellesa had done under that threatening stare.  It may have seemed like I was standing my ground but only because I was too afraid to move or blink.
“Gatu, I am sorry if I have offended you”, he said to me in a deep guttural voice.  He bowed at the waist as far as he could without bumping heads with Bellesa who stood mere inches away from him.
She crossed her arms over her chest and said, “That’s better.  Now, greet your host and go have a seat at the table.”
Rhyad rose from his bow and again that hint of a smile was on his face.  This time, however, it was in his eyes as he looked at me and said, “Hello, Gatu.  It is nice to see you again.”
Bellesa stepped to the side and gestured with her arm for Rhyad to precede her to the table.  He never took his eyes from me as he walked toward the dining room and when he reached my side he gave a slight nod to me as he passed.
I must have looked flummoxed because I felt an elbow in my ribs and looked over to see Oracle snickering.  “You had better hang on to that one”, Oracle whispered in my ear as she motioned to Bellesa.
She walked away snickering and Indiah followed Oracle.  I saw the laughter in her eyes even though she remained straight-faced as she took her seat at the table.
I watched the procession as Bellesa took her seat and motioned to the chair beside Oracle’s.  Rhyad took the seat without question and glanced my way as I approached with that elusive half smile on the corners of his lips.
Bellesa smiled at me as I passed her and began to pass the pasta around the table.
As I took my seat at the head of the table I vowed then and there to never get on Bellesa’s bad side.
The serving dishes were passed and everyone filled their plates with pasta, salad, and bread.  The wine was passed around as well and everyone filled their glass.
“Our Bellesa is going to be a great leader”, Oracle was saying as I popped a bite of garlic bread in my mouth.  The savory garlic flavor filled my mouth and I sighed in satisfaction.
“Bellesa has been very kind to me while I have been here”, Indiah said as I took a sip of the tart wine.  I spun some of the spaghetti onto my fork and placed it into my mouth.
“It has been a delight having you here.  Your affinity for plants is fascinating albeit somewhat scary”, Bellesa chuckled.  I swallowed the spaghetti as I was already stabbing through the salad with my fork.  I filled my mouth with a large bite of tossed salad.
“This meal is excellent, Gatu.  Where did you learn to cook like this”, Oracle asked me as I swallowed the bite of salad?
“I worked in the kitchen with the servants sometimes just to help out.  They taught me a lot.”  I took another bite of garlic bread and reached for another piece.
“Why were your talents being wasted by working with the servants”, Rhyad asked narrowing his yellow eyes?  He took a sip of wine as he regarded me with a searching look.
I shrugged my shoulders as I answered, “I have wondered that same thing myself.  I have my suspicions, but I don’t know anything for sure.”
“What kind of suspicions”, he asked?
I hesitated for a moment as I tried to think about how much I should tell him.  Giving that Oracle probably knew every deep dark secret I had, and that she probably told Rhyad everything, I figured it would not hurt to tell him what I thought.  
“I suspect”, I began but stopped short when I saw Bellesa’s curious gaze fall on me.  How much could I say with her present?  I knew that she had been hurt by Khanya's betrayal.  We all were in some way.  How was I supposed to say that I believed Khanya had been plotting with Drysu this whole time and that she purposefully delayed my teachings because she did not want me growing more powerful?
Rhyad was looking at me expectantly but I could not say anything else.  I did not want to hurt Bellesa any more than she was already hurt.  The showing of the house and the dinner had distracted her from everything and I wanted her to have a little more time of rest before she had to face the harsh reality of Khanya and Drysu.
“It’s okay, Gatu.  You can say it” Bellesa’s voice was low and soft and she lowered her eyes sadly.  “I already know what you must think.  Truthfully, I think it too.”
I took a breath and patted Bellesa’s hand where it lay on the table.  I looked at her to gauge her reaction as I continued, “I suspect that Khanya purposefully held me back to prevent my powers growing stronger.  I suspect that she has been planning this for quite some time.”
Oracle took a sip of wine and said, “I would hate to think that of Khanya but, alas, you may be right.”
A momentary flash of sadness crossed over Rhyad’s features as he replied, “I thought distancing Khanya from Drysu would separate them; especially since she was given charge over Pimedus and keeping him in line.”
Bellesa became more melancholy as she responded, “I guess she had everyone fooled.  It just doesn’t make sense to me, though.  I have been her apprentice for a long time.  She created me years before Gatu came along.  If she had any relations with Drysu, would I not have found out about it before?  I had access to everything in her office, her call histories, her contact list, everything.”
“Yes, that is a good point.”  Oracle pursed her lips and placed her hand under her chin in a thinking position.  
Rhyad looked to Bellesa and asked, “So you had never seen or heard of Drysu before that day?”
“Well, of course I had heard of him.  He is the leader of Nahastu, the dark city of Jupiter.  We learn of all the leaders and cities in our lessons.  I had never met him or talked to him in person until that day.  Drysu is the first person she contacted when she found out about Gatu’s ability to remember.” A dawning light registered in Bellesa’s eyes as she looked around the table.
Her silvery voice raised an octave as she said excitedly, “maybe she hadn’t been planning it all along.  Maybe Drysu has her under some kind of spell!  Maybe we could save her!”
Oracle, Drysu, and even Indiah looked at Bellesa sympathetically.  We all knew this theory (however possible) to be a long shot.
I tried to make my voice as consoling as possible as I said, “that still would not explain why she delayed my studies.  I was created to be powerful even without my surprise abilities.  She knew if I continued my lessons I would grow to be powerful.  Everyone knew this except me, apparently.”
Indiah, who had sat quietly listening during the whole conversation, added in a quiet voice, “Maybe she did not want you to leave Zendawiss.  Maybe she wanted to keep you for herself because she had grown to care for you.”
I looked at Indiah confused and argued, “What do you mean ‘keep’ me in Zendawiss?  Where else would I go?”
“To Nochetawah”, she answered simply.
When I just stared at her confused she added, “Think about it.  If you had developed your powers and became powerful enough to go where you wanted and do what you wanted would you have really stayed in Zendawiss?”
I looked to Bellesa and smiled.  She looked back at me and raised her eyebrows in question.
“Yes”, was all I said as I smiled at her and she blushed that cute blush that I loved as the meaning of my statement dawned on her.
Oracle chuckled and said, “I imagine Gatu will go wherever Bellesa is.”
Damn right, I thought as I continued to smile at Bellesa.  I raised my glass to her and took a sip of wine.  
“No matter the reason”, Rhyad said matter-of-factly.  “We have to find her and Drysu.  The truth will come out when they are placed in the inquisition chambers and injected with the truth serum.”
No one said anything else.  We ate in silence for a bit as I thought about the voice in the cane.  I had noticed that Oracle still had the cane strapped to her side when she had first come in the door.  I had not heard the voice since she had been here, but I felt the presence of the life force every time I even glanced at the cane.  
I still needed to have a talk with Bellesa to tell her what I had discovered, and I needed to talk to Saphrina about some type of plan to find Khanya and get the life force out of the cane somehow.  I had no idea how we were going to pull this off, but I knew I had to try.
Bellesa broke the silence as she took the last sip of wine from her glass.  “Does anyone want more wine”, she asked as she grabbed the bottle and poured more into her glass?
“Actually”, said Oracle, “Rhyad and I must be leaving soon.  We have no one to take over ruler ship of Sun City or Pluto at the moment.”
“We actually came to tell you goodbye”, Rhyad added in his deep guttural voice.  “But the meal was a nice bonus.”
“Yes, it was delicious”, Oracle agreed.
“Wait, you’re leaving?  You can’t leave yet!”  My voice had gone an octave or two higher so it came out squeaky and panicked.  I had not meant to sound this way, but if Oracle left then the cane left with her.  I had not had the chance to come up with a plan, but one part of the plan would be to get the cane back from Oracle without her knowing about the soul inside.
Oracle looked at me curiously and said, “Gatu, I told you that you could come visit me anytime.  Why the fuss all of a sudden?”
My mind raced to come up with an excuse for her to stay while my mouth tried to form the words.  “Err…because…umm….because…”
Bellesa.  Incredibly smart Bellesa. Wonderful, beautiful, strong, brave Bellesa.  She saw my struggles and, even though she had no idea why I needed Oracle to stay, came up with the perfect excuse right on the spot.  
Interrupting my stuttering, she quickly replied, “I have planned a housewarming party for Gatu.  It’s only going to be a few of us for security reasons, but we would love it if you could stay for the party.”
Oracle looked suspicious but upon hearing Bellesa’s explanation her eyes softened and she smiled happily.  “It would be an honor to attend the party.  I think we can stay a little longer.”
Blank…blank…blank…
I kept thinking those words repeatedly.  Anything that would help me not think about the cane or my future plans.  If Oracle had any inkling that I wanted to run off with the cane and look for Khanya I would be stopped before I even started.
I focused on finishing the last bites left on my plate instead and took special note of the savory flavors of the pasta and wine.  Indiah excused herself from the table and disappeared into the kitchen as Bellesa started taking up the plates.  I busied myself by taking the leftover food dishes off the table and to the kitchen.
Once I was in the kitchen Bellesa eyed me suspiciously and whispered, “Later you are going to tell me why I had to come up with an excuse to stall Oracle’s departure.”  Her voice was stern but low.  
“I was planning on telling you later”, I whispered back.
Indiah did not comment and instead searched the cabinets and refrigerator for something.  I realized that I had not even thought about desert, so I was grateful when she brought a frozen bunt cake out of the freezer.
“It isn’t homemade, but it’ll go nicely with the wine”, she said as she released the cake from its packaging and put it in the oven.
Bellesa and I emptied the dishes of the remaining food and began rinsing them off and putting them in the dishwasher.  We worked in silence but Indiah and Bellesa kept throwing me looks that clearly said I was going to tell my secrets whether I wanted to or not.
I had not planned to include Indiah, but I had no choice now.  I could only hope that she would not try to thwart our plans in any way.  I wanted to include Saphrina as well, so I suggested that we invite her to the party.
“If you invite Saphrina you will have to invite Pimedus as well”, Bellesa said.
“I know.  We have to figure out a way to talk alone at some point before Oracle leaves, though”, I replied.
Indiah got the cake out of the oven as she said, “I don’t know what you are planning or why, but I have to be included as well.  I cannot do my job if I am not fully informed.”
“Okay, but you have to promise that you’re not going to try to stop me”, I said with my arms crossed over my chest. 
Indiah was searching the drawers as she replied, “I cannot promise you that.”
I was not backing down on this one.  I had to do this.  I did not know why or how, I just knew that if I did not find Khanya and set this matter straight that it would be bad for everyone.  If Indiah would not promise, then I would find a way to do this without her.
“If you don’t promise then I will find a way to leave you out of it.  Either way, I am doing this with or without you.”  I stood my ground and did not back down from her intimidating stare.
Finally, she succumbed and, grabbing the cake out of the oven, placed the cake on a serving dish with the serving knife she had found in the drawers.  “Fine.  I promise I will not try to stop whatever it is you are going to do”, she said as she walked back into the dining room to serve the cake.
Bellesa took out her video phone and called Pimedus.  He agreed to come and bring Saphrina with him since they were still in Zendawiss anyway.   The doorbell rang right as we were finishing our cake and I answered the door.
“I’m glad you finally got a home of your own”, Pimedus said as he came through the foyer and into the living area.  He surveyed the room with an approving look.
“Wow, Gatu, this place is amazing”, Saphrina exclaimed as she came in behind Pimedus!
“I know!  Bellesa did a great job”, I answered giving Saphrina a welcoming hug.
“Wait until you see the garden”, Bellesa interjected giving me a wink.
I understood immediately and looked to Pimedus and said, “Pimedus, how would you like to have some cake and wine?  Oracle and Rhyad can entertain you while Indiah comes with us to show Saphrina the garden.”
“Cake and wine sounds great”, Pimedus said as he followed us to the dining room.
Oracle had already set out a piece of cake and glass of wine for Pimedus when we entered the dining room.  “It isn’t a party without cake and wine”, she said with a wink.
She eyed me knowingly and I kept picturing a blank wall in my head as I said, “Come on Saphrina I want to show you the garden.”
“I would like to see the garden”, said a guttural voice from behind me.
I swung around to see Rhyad standing so close that I almost bumped my nose into his chest.
Did I mention he was very tall?
My eyes moved up ever so slowly to find his yellow orbs staring into my dark brown ones with a look so intense that my stomach did flip-flops.  I raised my eyebrows questionably and he flicked his gaze downward.  I followed his gaze with my eyes and saw the tiniest hint of a skull head sticking discreetly out of his slightly open leather jacket.
My eyes flew back up in surprise and he gave me a wink, closed the jacket, and started toward the kitchen and the back door.  I glanced over at the table to see Pimedus and Oracle happily eating cake and drinking wine.  They had paid no attention to what had transpired.
I glanced over at Bellesa who had been standing beside me and had seen the whole thing.  She looked at me inquiringly and I shook my head and put a finger to my lips as I glanced over at the table.  She took the hint and quietly followed Rhyad toward the back door.  
Indiah and Saphrina, who had been standing further away, looked confused but followed Rhyad anyway.
I took a deep breath and followed as well wondering how Rhyad had known that I had wanted the cane.  As I passed by the table, Oracle smiled that knowing smile at me once again thus giving me an idea of how Rhyad had known.
I had tried so hard to hide my mind from Oracle, but it was looking very much as if I had failed.

CHAPTER 13

Once we were out in the garden I turned to Rhyad and said, “What the hell was that about?”
Rhyad stood in the center of the garden next to the fountain with his horns glistening in the sunlight.  His yellow eyes shone in contrast from the black that surrounded his irises and his salt and pepper hair blew in an invisible wind.  He whipped his jacket open and produced the cane, which caused Saphrina to gasp.
“Why do you have my cane”, she asked suspiciously?
Rhyad looked at me with those yellow orbs and answered, “I am supposed to give it to Gatu and ask no questions.”
Everyone looked at me inquiringly and my eyes darted back and forth between them all nervously.  Now was the time I needed to explain about the life force in the cane, but I did not want to do it in front of Rhyad.
Fortunately, I did not have to worry about that, because Rhyad did exactly what he was apparently told to do.  He walked over to me, placed the cane in my hands, and walked back into the house without saying a word.
“Well, that was strange”, Saphrina said as the door closed behind Rhyad.
“Okay, what gives Gatu?  Why did you need to stall Oracle and why did Rhyad give you that cane?”  Bellesa was tapping her foot at me much like she had Rhyad earlier. 
I gulped loudly.  I did not want Bellesa’s anger focused on me so I explained quickly in one long breath.  “I’ve been hearing a voice that’s coming from the cane and it’s asking for Khanya so I wanted to come up with a plan to steal the cane from Oracle and go on a search for Khanya to try to get her away from Drysu so Bellesa could try to talk some sense into her head so that she would help us get the life force out of the cane.”  I had almost run out of breath so I gulped air into my lungs as I finished speaking.
Everyone just stared at me for a moment, and then everyone spoke at me all at once…
“Why didn’t you tell us before”, asked Bellesa?
“How long has a life force been in MY cane”, asked Saphrina?
“Who is in the cane”, asked Indiah?
I clasped my hands on both sides of my head and said in a frustrated voice, “guys…guys…one at a time please!”
Everyone stopped talking all at once and Bellesa said sheepishly, “sorry, Gatu.”
I took a deep breath and centered myself for a minute before speaking again.  “Look, I didn’t tell you guys because there was never a right time.  I don’t know how long she has been in the cane, and I don’t know who it is either.  I only know that it is a female and that she must be very powerful to be able to talk to me from in the cane.  She even cast a time spell at one point so she would have time to talk with me without interruption.  Oh, and she knows my name so whoever it is knows who I am.”
Everyone went silent for a moment contemplating the situation.  I sat down on the bench with the cane in my lap.  I felt the energy from the life force inside, but I heard no voice at all.  I looked around at everyone but no one seemed to have any answers or theories on the situation at all.
“Come on someone has to have some idea of what we can do”, I said in a disheartened tone.
Bellesa stepped forward and sat down beside me on the bench.  She placed a comforting hand on my knee as she said, “We could try to find Khanya, but where would we look?  How can the four of us find them if the best scouts in the solar system can’t do it?”
“Gatu can do it”, said a deep booming voice from the edge of the garden.
We all jumped at the sound.  We had all been so engrossed in contemplating our next move that we had not heard Pimedus come out of the house and up to the edge of the garden.  He stood there looking around at us standing or sitting sullenly in the midst of the flowers and plants with a proud smirk on his face.
Rhyad and Oracle stood behind him; Rhyad standing passively and Oracle with that all knowing smile on her face.  They apparently knew something I did not; and worse they knew everything I had not wanted them to know.
“How am I supposed to do this alone”, I asked miserably?
Oracle answered, “Gatu, my dear boy, when have you ever been alone?”
I thought about that for a moment.  There were times when I had felt like the loneliest soul in the universe and times when I felt as if I did not (nor ever would) belong in this world.  However; I was never alone.  There had always been someone at my side.  First there was Khanya and Bellesa, all the souls I worked beside in the servants’ quarters, then Pimedus and Saphrina, and now I had Oracle, Rhyad, and Indiah as well.
Oracle was right.  I had never been truly alone.  
I looked around at all the souls standing around in my garden that Bellesa and Indiah had made for me, outside of the house that Bellesa and other nameless souls had finished for me.  I looked around at all the faces with a new appreciation for each one of them.
How could I have ever thought that they wanted more from me?  How, after all that they had done for me, could I ever think that they did not care for me?  I looked at the pride on Pimedus’s face and Saphrina’s, the care in Oracle’s eyes, the respect from Indiah and even Rhyad, and the pure love that radiated from Bellesa’s touch.
I rose from the bench with a new sense of belonging and hope.  I had a determination in my voice as I looked toward Oracle and asked “What can I do?  Tell me how I can find them.”
Pimedus nodded his approval as he said with a smile, “that’s my boy.”
Oracle smiled and said, “We are going to conduct a little experiment.  Everyone follow me.”
I did not know what kind of experiment Oracle had planned, but I knew for sure it had something to do with my powers.  My heart beat with excitement at the idea of learning to control one of my powers, or maybe she was going to try to coax a new one.  Whatever the outcome, I was enthusiastic about the prospect of becoming more powerful, even just a bit.
Oracle led us back into the house and instructed me to sit at one of the chairs at the dining room table.  She told someone to find her a scarf, and Saphrina produced one from the pouch she was wearing on her hip.  Oracle then asked for a mirror, preferably one that could stand freely on the table.  Bellesa went upstairs and got a handheld mirror from the bathroom and Pimedus took one of the decorative plates off a plate stand in the china cabinet.  Surprisingly, the mirror fit perfectly on the stand and Oracle placed it on the table in front of me so that I could see my reflection.
I looked into my own eyes and could see the fierce determination in the dark brown depths.  I thought I looked older and thought about how much I had learned and grown over the past few days.  Maybe wiser was a better word, but in any case I now knew that things were not as they seemed when I first awoke in Zendawiss.  I had lost my innocence.
“Do you trust me, Gatu”, Oracle asked in a sincere voice?
“Yes”, I said without hesitation.  A while ago I may not have been able to answer the same, but now I knew that I trusted my small circle of friends without question.  No, they were not merely friends.  
This was my family and I would protect them with every ounce of power I possessed.  I glanced in the mirror and saw the determination grow into something more dark and dangerous so I smiled just a bit to chase away the darkness from my features.
Oracle came up behind me and placed the scarf over my eyes like a blindfold.  My reflection and everything else in the room disappeared into darkness.
“Can you see anything”, asked Oracle?
“Not a thing”, I answered shifting in my sit.  
“Good, now look around the room”, Oracle said mysteriously.
“What”, I replied confused?  “How do I look around the room if I can’t see?”
“You do not need eyes to see”, was all Oracle said.
I sat there for a minute trying to think about how I could “see” without my eyes.  It was a bit uncomfortable not to be able to see with my eyes, but I quickly discovered what Oracle was saying when I began to “see” in other ways.  
I could hear Oracle’s soft footsteps on the hardwood floor as she moved to stand beside me.  I was seeing with my ears.  I could smell the sweet scent of Bellesa’s lavender perfume drifting from in front of me.  I was seeing with my nose.  Interestingly, there was one other way I discovered as I sat there in the darkness listening and smelling.
From somewhere deep in my gut I could feel a pulsating spot of energy.  It did not grow or expand into my entire body like most powers but simply pulsated right there inside my stomach.  It felt like a nervous fluttering of sorts, but it was not uncomfortable or painful.  In fact, it felt warm and comforting as if it had always been there and would always be there if I needed it.  
At first I did not know why I felt this, but when I concentrated on that energy something fascinating happened.  When I heard Oracle’s footsteps her image popped into my mind.  It was fuzzy and out of focus as if in a dream.  The fluttering in my stomach became a pulling sensation and a thin line of energy flowed out of my stomach.  The pulling sensation became stronger and I could feel my consciousness following the line to the spot where I assumed Oracle was standing.  The image of her in my mind became stronger and clearer until it glowed brightly as I reached the end of the energy line.
The same thing happened when I concentrated on the smell of Bellesa’s perfume and I was able to pinpoint her exact location in the room.  I concentrated momentarily on her image in my mind and I could feel excitement, fear, and love emanating from her.  
My concentration was interrupted when I heard Pimedus clear his throat impatiently.  I concentrated on this sound and followed the line of energy to find that he was standing in the doorway to the kitchen.  This time, however, when I concentrated on the image of Pimedus in my head I could begin hear his voice like a whisper in my ear!
What are we doing here?  What is she doing with Gatu?  I wish she would hurry because I am getting hungry.  The cake and wine didn’t satisfy my hunger.  
We need to start preparing for the journey to find Khanya….
Khanya…
Why did she do this?  It isn’t like her at all….
I miss her…
It suddenly felt like I was invading in his private thoughts.  Was I actually hearing his thoughts?  I needed to stop because I did not want to hear anymore.  I pulled at the energy line and it snapped back towards me.  Pimedus’s image and his voice faded from my mind.  
“Pimedus is hungry”, I said softly.  
Oracle, who was standing right beside me, quietly asked, “What did you say?”
My voice was a whisper as I answered, “I said Pimedus is hungry.”  In the silence my voice carried and I knew that everyone had heard me.
No one said anything and I began to get nervous so I took the blindfold down off my eyes. 
“Look in the mirror, Gatu”, Oracle said mysteriously. 
Everyone in the room was staring at me as if I had suddenly sprouted another head.  I frowned confused at Oracle before I glanced down at the mirror, and then my eyes widened in surprise.
My skin was glowing with a luminescence that made it seem bright white instead of gray.  The color of my eyes had lightened to the color of the sand on the beach of Zendawiss.  The most startling of all, however, was my hair.
My raven black hair had turned solid white and was glowing radiantly.  Suddenly, the look on my face matched everyone’s in the room.
Except for Oracle who stood calmly smiling at me with that perceptive smile that was starting to become very annoying.  If she already knew everything then why not just tell us already?
“How did you know I was hungry”, Pimedus asked suspiciously?
“I could hear you thinking about it”, I answered and his eyebrows shot up in surprise.
“Is he right”, Oracle asked with that smug smile still on her face.  “Were you thinking that you were hungry?”
“Yes, and other things”, Pimedus answered narrowing his eyes at me.   
“This confirms our suspicions”, Rhyad said, and Indiah nodded her head in affirmation with a look of awe on her face.
Everyone turned their attention to Rhyad as I watched my reflection in the mirror.  My hair had stopped glowing and was getting darker by the second, my eyes had turned back to their original dark brown color, and my skin was back to gray even though it was still shining with that luminescence.
“What do you mean, Rhyad”, Saphrina asked?  
“Will someone please tell the rest of us what is going on”, Bellesa said as she stared at me worriedly.
“Gatu is the tracker”, Indiah said and I swore I heard a hint of admiration in her voice.
“A tracker”, Bellesa asked confused?  “What is a tracker?  I have never read of such a soul.”
“Not A tracker”, Pimedus said proudly.  “THE tracker.”
“I’m still confused”, Saphrina said.  “I have never heard of a tracker or the tracker or any tracker at all.”
“No, you would not have”, Rhyad answered her as he sat down in one of the dining chairs.  He reached up a hand and fiddled with one of the tiny horns that protruded from his head.  He took a deep breath and blew it out all at once and stuck both hands in the pockets of his leather jacket and leaned back into the seat.
“The tracker has not existed for centuries, much longer than you three have been alive”, Rhyad said indicating Saphrina, Bellesa, and me.  “Let us go into the living area and I will tell you young souls a story.”
He got up from the chair and walked to the living room.  His biker boots echoed eerily along the hardwood floor as he strode across the dining room and Bellesa looked at me hauntingly.  
Was she afraid of me now?  I did not know but I was hoping that this would not cause her to pull away from me again.  I smiled sadly at her and got up from my chair as I pulled the scarf off my neck and tossed it onto the table.  I trailed along behind Rhyad and glanced back to see Saphrina and Bellesa follow, and Indiah, Pimedus, and Oracle followed along behind them.
We all made our way into the living area and found a place to sit.  I sat on the small sofa leaned back comfortably with my arm on the back of the sofa.  I patted the seat beside me invitingly as Bellesa walked by and an invisible hand squeezed my heart.  I thought for just an instant that she would pass on by as she looked at me with that haunted expression in her eyes, but my fears were relieved as she sat down beside me and curled up in the crook of my arm.
The hand released its hold on my heart and I let out a relieved breath of air and draped my arm around her shoulders.  She snuggled closer and laid her head on my chest, kicked off her shoes, and curled her legs up onto the sofa.  I sighed contentedly as she settled into my side.
Oracle and Pimedus sat on one of the large sofas and Indiah and Saphrina sat on the other sofa.  Rhyad stood by the fireplace where he could face us all as he began telling his story.
“Back in the beginning when Romulas first began to create the solar systems for our galaxy…”
“Wait, wait”, I interrupted.  “Who is Romulas?”
Rhyad shot me an intolerable look as he answered patronizingly, “Romulas is the leader and creator of our entire galaxy.”
“Oh”, I said embarrassed that I did not know that.  No one had ever told me the name of the leader for our galaxy, so I had no way of knowing.  I should have known this name above all others!
“As I was saying”, Rhyad said giving me a stern look.  I pretended to zip my lips shut and Rhyad tried to hold back a smile as he continued.
“When Romulas first began to create the solar systems, planets, and the first souls, the universe was very small.  There were only two galaxies back then, and ours was one of them.  Our solar system was the first one created on our galaxy.  Oracle and me (I was Reyes at that time) were two of the first souls created for our solar system.  We were trained and taught how to use our powers and how to create other souls and fill them with the energy of life force to give them life.  We were told to take care of our planets and creations and keep the balance best we could.
It was Oracle’s idea to create the cities and the leaders to help us watch over the planets, and the other leaders followed her idea in the other solar systems when they were created, and eventually the other galaxy followed her example as well.  The leaders of the cities created creatures for their planets to help maintain the balance and they created souls for their cities as well.  
Before long, the universe became massively huge as other solar systems and galaxies were created.  There were so many souls in the Nether, and so many creatures in the Planetal Plane in this galaxy, that Romulas created the first scouts to help keep an eye on the goings on.  We could create our own laws for our souls in our cities, but the one universal law was never to kill another soul.”
Rhyad looked straight at Pimedus as he said this and Pimedus cast his eyes downward toward the floor in shame.  I had thought they had worked out their differences, but apparently there were still some bad feelings there.  Rhyad looked away finally and continued his story.  
“Our solar system worked in harmony for quite some time.  The leaders watched over their souls and planets, and the scouts watched over the whole galaxy and reported to Romulas whenever there was trouble.  The first major catastrophe of our galaxy happened right here in our own solar system…”
Rhyad paused for dramatic effect and looked around the room at each of us in turn with his yellow eyes.  Bellesa shifted a bit in my hold and I realized that I had unknowingly gripped her shoulder a little too hard.  I relaxed my hold and planted an apologetic kiss on the top of her head and turned my attention back to Rhyad.
“When Alibastor was created in the dark city Tarrina of the planet Neptune the whole solar system was outraged.  The leader did not take the proper precautions during the meditation part of the creation process causing Alibastor to be deformed.”
Bellesa raised her head from my chest and sat up as she said, “wait…are you telling us that the horror story of Alibastor is a true story?”
Saphrina added, “Every soul in the university says it’s just a scary story to make sure you remember your meditation exercises before attempting to create.”
Rhyad nodded his head and said, “Yes, this is a perfect example of why you should be balanced, focused, and careful during the creation process; and yes, Bellesa, unfortunately it is a true story.  The leader, Dorath, was careless and rash and should never have created a soul without the proper meditation exercises.”
“Nonetheless, Alibastor was created and hidden away by his creator for years before anyone found out”, Oracle said as she arose from the sofa to stand beside Rhyad.  “I went to investigate the situation after one of my scouts reported it to me.  Dorath was intoxicated and, according to reports, had been for months.  His followers reported that he would go on drinking binges frequently, and it was rumored that he had been on one when he had created Alibastor; which explained why he had been careless.”
Bellesa and Saphrina were literally on the edge of their seats with their eyes wide and their lips formed little O’s as they listened to the story.  Indiah and Pimedus and Rhyad, however, wore sad expressions as the ambience of the story filled the room.  
I was just waiting to find out what this story had to do with me.
“Dorath was demoted from leadership”, Oracle continued.  “He was sent to Pluto to enter the University for detoxifying and retraining.  As for Alibastor…well…”
Oracle trailed off and a look of sadness came over her wrinkled features.  Rhyad put his arm around her shoulders and pulled her in close and Oracle snuggled into his side.
Rhyad continued the story for her.
“Alibastor was afraid of anyone who tried to get near him.  He hid himself away in the catacombs under the mansion of Tarrina in the dark and would not come out.  He wore a long black cloak with a hood and he kept the hood up so that it hid his face.  No one was ever sure just how deformed he was because of this, but we all determined that his life force and mind were definitely not right.
We decided that the best course of action was to bring Dorath back to get him out of the catacombs.  Our plan was to try to heal him somehow, but we had to get him out and get him to trust us first.”
The room went completely silent.  It was like everyone was frozen in place waiting for the bomb to fall.
And fall it did.
Rhyad’s voice lowered to almost a whisper and was filled with remorse as he continued.  “Four of us went into the catacombs that day.  Oracle, Dorath, myself, and one of my own scouts.  Only three of us came out.
Alibastor killed Dorath with some kind of weapon that he had found.  We could hear Dorath screaming, but the catacombs are a big maze of rooms and hallways, and the acoustics down there made it impossible to tell where the screams were coming from.  We couldn’t get to him in time.  All we could do was listen to him scream until the screams went silent and we all knew we were too late.”
Oracle lifted herself from Rhyad’s embrace and whispered, “I will never forget the sound of his screams, and I will never forget the sight of his mutilated body.  We found him hours later close to the exit of the catacombs.  We all assumed that he left the catacombs since Dorath’s body was so close to the exit.  We were wrong.”
Indiah stood up and all eyes focused on her as she said in her soft earthy voice, “souls started disappearing soon after Dorath’s murder.  We all knew it was Alibastor, because we found the mutilated bodies right outside of the entrance to the catacombs.  My lover was one of them…” she trailed off as her voice shook with emotion.  Oracle walked over to where she stood and folded her into a comforting hug.
Rhyad finished the story.  “We called for help after that and Romulas came to our aid.  He said he would find a way to find Alibastor and destroy him no matter how big of a maze the catacombs were.  He made a special soul.  A soul called the tracker.  He was the only one of his kind.  
He was imbued with all the powers and abilities of Romulas himself and after creation he developed additional powers that no soul had.  His skills, abilities, and powers developed freely without any training, and even Romulas did not know how this had happened. 
The tracker was a good and kind soul and after being told what he had been created for he agreed to help find Alibastor and bring him to justice.  
His most important power was that he had the power to track and find any soul in the entire galaxy.  Not only could he find them, but he could feel what they felt and hear every thought in their minds. 
He could leave his body and enter any other life form on any plane of existence at will and never lose his awareness of who he was or where he had come from.  No other soul had these abilities, but it was his tracking ability that helped the tracker find Alibastor quickly and bring him to Romulas, thus earning him the title The Tracker.
Romulas destroyed Alibastor’s body and disintegrated his life force and sent it back into the energy pool in the dungeons of Pluto.  This is the energy pool where the energy from the most evil life forces is kept to be cleansed and sent out into the universe.”
Rhyad took a breath and lowered his head in reverence.  Everyone else followed his move and there was a moment of silence for the tragic life and death of Alibastor.
After a moment Saphrina broke the silence.  “What happened to the tracker?”
“Ah”, said Oracle as she released Indiah from her embrace and gently lowered her to the sofa.  “That is another story entirely.  We had to tell you the story of Alibastor so you could understand why the tracker was created.  It was as if the universe was aware and knew what we needed and gave Romulas the soul he needed to deal with the problem.  We all have our own opinions of this, but how else do you explain souls that develop abilities that were not given by their creator?”
“Like Gatu”, replied Bellesa.  
It was more of a statement than a question and Rhyad nodded his head in affirmation as he replied, “exactly.  We believe that the entire universe is an entity all its own and that we are all its children.  It gives us what we need to take care of it and keep everything in balance and running smoothly.”
“So you all think that I have been given all these extra powers for a reason”, I asked to no one in particular?
Pimedus answered, “Yes, at least I do.  You have developed abilities and powers that I do not even have, so there has to be a reason for it.  Not to mention the fact that you are learning how to use them without any training.”
“So, what happened to the tracker”, Saphrina repeated impatiently?
“We don’t really know”, Pimedus said shrugging his shoulders.  “He left his body to go on a mission on the planet Earth.  He never returned.  His body died without the life force to keep it alive.  That was a thousand years ago, and there has not been another tracker since.”
“So, what does this all have to do with me or, more importantly, how is this going to help me find Khanya and Drysu?”  I had not meant to sound harsh, but I was tired.  I had not slept in some time and I was beginning to get crabby. 
“Think about it, Gatu”, Oracle answered patiently.  “What happened to you in the dining room before?  How were you able to tell that Pimedus was hungry?  What else did you feel or see in your mind or hear?”
“I want to know why he was glowing and changing colors”, Saphrina said.
“I don’t know what happened”, I replied.  “I felt this feeling in my gut like butterflies in my stomach or something.  When I focused on it strange things happened.  I could tell where everyone in the room was, and I could feel what they felt and hear what they were thinking.”
Oracle was shaking her head and saying, “mmm hmm”, the entire time I was speaking.  
When I was finished she replied, “Think about the story.  Does that sound familiar to you?”
I did think about it.  I knew it sounded like I had the same abilities as the tracker, but I just searched a room.  This so-called tracker could track any soul in the entire galaxy!
Pimedus must have seen the doubt in my eyes, because he replied, “Gatu, do not doubt your powers.  I have seen you use the light and I have seen you use the dark.  None of these compared to what I saw today.  The tracker used light and dark together, which could explain why your hair and eyes changed to entirely different colors.”
I looked doubtfully at Pimedus.  “So, you all think that I may be like this tracker person?”
Pimedus averted his eyes away from me and looked at Oracle.  I looked over to Oracle and she averted her eyes as well.  No one would look at me except Bellesa and Saphrina who looked just as confused as I was.
“Will someone answer me, please”, I said exasperated, and this time I meant for my voice to sound very crabby.  I was getting tired of everyone tiptoeing around me like I was fragile and would break at any time.  I had been through a lot and I was still holding it together, and I did not think I was going to break any time soon.
I knew I was getting ready to go through much more in the finding of Khanya and Drysu.  I knew that bad things may happen to me or the souls I had come to care about and love.  I knew that things may never be the same, but I was still holding on.
I was still standing, still trying, and still determined to protect those I cared about no matter the cost.  
But I was tired of everyone treating me like I was weak and fragile.  Maybe I was, but I wanted to be treated like everyone else at least.
Pimedus, seeing the anger in my eyes, finally looked at me and answered, “No, Gatu, we don’t think you are like the tracker…”  He paused for a moment to take a deep breath.
“We think you are the tracker.”

CHAPTER 14

I looked at Pimedus as if he had lost his mind.  How could he think I was this tracker?  He created me, so how could that be possible?
The disbelief must have shown on my face, because Pimedus went on to explain, “When a life force ceases to exist it does not just die and go away.  It transforms back into pure energy and melds back into the universe.  The tracker existed long ago, but his energy will always exist.  So will all of ours.  Who knows, maybe tens of thousands of years from now we will all be standing here again having this same conversation, except we will be in different bodies with different names and different forms of consciousness.”
Confusion colored my words as I replied, “Yeah, so?  What does that have to do with me being the tracker?”
“Maybe the energy I used to make you once belonged to the tracker.  Better yet, maybe the energy used to make me belonged to the tracker and this is the piece I gave you.  It would explain why I developed additional powers as well.”
No one said anything for a moment and we all just looked at Pimedus as he crossed his arms triumphantly across his chest with a cocky smirk on his face.
Oracle broke the silence.  “We have talked about many interesting theories, but this one seems to be the one that makes the most sense.”
“I thought of it”, Pimedus said.  
That explains that cocky look I thought to myself before saying, “so, what does that mean for me?”
Bellesa, excitement making her voice high, said, “Gatu, if this is true then you may not need any training.  Your powers will develop on their own just like the tracker’s did.”
“They already are”, I said meaning to sound sarcastic, but everyone in the room began nodding their heads in agreement and saying things all at once…
“Oh, you’re right!”  This from Saphrina.
“Wow, I never thought…”  This from Indiah.
“That explains a lot!” This from Bellesa.
“So, how do we test this theory”, I asked suspiciously?  I had a feeling I was not going to like the answer at all.
“Well, we already did a small test in the dining room”, Oracle answered.  “The big test will be if Gatu really can find Khanya and Drysu with those skills.”
“Okay, let us say we find them.  What then”, I asked getting excited?  I had never really come up with a solid plan.  I was too worried with telling Bellesa and Saphrina without the others finding out, and getting the cane away from Oracle.  
I had automatically assumed that the others would try to stop me so it never occurred to me to ask for help.  Now that I had been proven wrong and actually had help, my hopefulness that this all might actually work grew from a small spark to a huge light in my heart.
Oracle, ever wise and all-knowing Oracle, answered my question.  “We need to restrain them first and foremost so that no one gets hurt.  Then, we can take them to the inquisition chambers in Sun City and find out what Khanya knows about the life force trapped inside the cane.  The rest depends on what we find out from that.”
“What if it doesn’t work”, I asked solemnly?  
“I believe it will work”, Pimedus said determinedly.  “I have every faith that my theory is correct.”
Rhyad, who had been silent for a long time, responded, “The only way a tracker could not find a soul is if they were no longer in this galaxy.  I do not think that Khanya or Drysu has the power to travel to different galaxies.” 
“No”, said Oracle.  “The only soul who has that power is Romulas.  He can travel to other galaxies to meet with other glaxial leaders just like you and I can travel to the other solar systems to meet other solar leaders.”
“I do not think they have left the galaxy, either”, Rhyad replied.  “That is why I am sure our plan will work.”
“We will meet here tomorrow to discuss the details, but for now I say we get some rest”, Oracle said.
“Now that sounds like a good plan”, Pimedus said and stressed his words with a huge stretch and a yawn.  “After I get something to eat”, he added smirking at me.
I just stuck out my tongue at him, which earned me a laugh.
Bellesa said, “Go to the kitchen before you go up to your room and the staff will make you something to eat.”
“Now THAT is a good plan”, Pimedus laughed.
Everyone began moving toward the front foyer, but I stepped in front of Bellesa and blocked her path.
“Stay with me tonight”, I whispered as I took her hand into mine and raised it to my lips.  I planted a soft kiss in her palm as she smiled at me.
“Just let me go to the mansion and gather some things and set Pimedus and Saphrina up in their rooms”, she replied.
My heart soared with happiness as she moved towards the foyer with everyone else.  Everyone passed by me on their way out the door to say their good-byes, except Indiah who was ordered to stay with me at all times.
“Gatu, it was a pleasure to get to know you and Bellesa”, Rhyad said.  “I cannot wait to see what you two will do next.”
I shrugged as I replied, “Neither can I.  I just hope we make it through this crazy plan.”
He laid a hand on my shoulder as he said, “You will, boy.  Have faith in yourself.”  He removed his hand and walked out the door.
Oracle walked by next, but she stopped quickly and looked to Indiah who was standing behind me.
“I will be back in a moment”, Oracle said suddenly and a doorway appeared in the middle of my foyer!
Oracle stepped through the doorway and came back almost instantly.  The door disappeared as quickly as it had appeared, and Oracle handed Indiah a bag that she had brought through the door with her.
“I took the liberty of picking up some things for you”, Oracle said holding the bag out toward Indiah.
“Oh”, Indiah exclaimed surprised!  “Thank you, mother!”
Oracle just smiled and gave Indiah a quick kiss on the cheek before she walked out the door of my home.
Pimedus said nothing and just gave me one of his infamous winks as he walked out the door.
Saphrina gave me a hug as she said, “Have a great time with Bellesa tonight.  I’ll see you tomorrow.”
I waved at her as she walked out the door, and then her words sank in…
Bellesa was coming over!
I needed to prepare, and I needed privacy.  It was with this thought in mind that I looked to Indiah and said, “Do you mind making yourself scarce for a while?”
She just smiled and answered, “Of course.  I will not be far, however, so if you need me just scream.”
She walked out of the room holding the bag Oracle had given her without another word.  I heard her footsteps patter up the stairs as I began to make my preparations.  
I lowered all the blackout curtains and turned on the lamps to soften the light in the room.  I went down to the wine cellar and got another bottle of red wine, this time merlot.  I ran upstairs and made sure the bedroom was in order…just in case.  I turned on some soft music when I happily discovered the sound system built into one of the living area walls.
I was just pulling the cork out of the wine as I heard her tentative knock on the front door.
“Come in”, I exclaimed as the cork slid out of the bottle!
The door opened, and Bellesa’s beautiful face appeared.  She smiled brightly and stepped all the way inside as she spotted me.
“Alone at last”, she said huskily as she approached me.  She paused momentarily as she saw the wine bottle in my hand.  “Are we celebrating?”
I looked at her in mock confusion as I answered, “Why must we be celebrating something to enjoy a glass of wine?”
She smiled at my response.  “And the music?”
I grinned and reached out to her.  She offered me her hand and I grabbed it and spun her around playfully as I responded, “How can we dance without music?”
Her melodic laugh filled the room as she spun around, and she was breathless as she stopped spinning and asked, “So, is this the plan for tonight?  To dance and drink the time away?  We are supposed to be resting.”
“There will be drinking and dancing among other things”, I responded with a playful wiggle of my eyebrows.
She smiled seductively as she said, “If you’re lucky.”
I poured two glasses of the wine laughing happily.  I handed a glass to her and she swirled the wine around the glass before taking a sip.  Her face fell into a serious look as she sat down on the small sofa and placed her glass on the coffee table.  She patted the seat beside her and looked at me enticingly.
My heart leapt into my throat.  I had waited for this moment for so long and now that it was here I had no idea how to respond.  I sat tentatively down beside her and took a large gulp of wine before sitting my glass down beside hers.
I turned toward her on the sofa with my nerves trying to leap their way out of my skin.  She laid her hand on my thigh and I jumped without meaning to.
She chuckled softly and said, “Gatu, relax.  I’m not going to bite you.”
She leaned forward and placed a soft kiss on my neck and whispered into my ear, “Unless you ask me to.”
I could hear the smile in her voice, but the thought of Bellesa biting down on the spot where her lips were softly placed sent shivers of desire coursing through my veins.
I cleared my throat and found my voice as I said, “I don’t mean to be so nervous.  I have just waited a very long time to be free to kiss you.”
“I know”, she whispered against my neck.  “So shut up and kiss me.”
“As my lady commands”, I said with a smile, and as I finished my statement I lowered my face to hers and caught her lips with mine.  I cupped her cheeks in the palm of my hand as I kissed her tenderly and deeply.
After a few minutes, she placed her hands on my chest and pushed me back into the sofa and straddled me.  I could feel the heat of her through my jeans as she ground into me and deepened the kiss.
A moan of yearning escaped my throat as she lowered her hands to the hem of my t-shirt.  She grasped it and pulled it up over my head, momentarily breaking the kiss.  My hands fell away from her face and pulled the t-shirt all the way off as I looked into her wanting eyes.
Her breathing was heavy and her eyes half closed as she pulled her own camisole shirt off and tossed it to the floor.  Her breasts begged to be touched under her black lace bra, so I happily obliged, massaging the nipples between my thumbs and forefingers.
She threw her head back and moaned in ecstasy as I fondled her breasts, grinding herself harder against me.  I sucked in a breath as I felt her move over me and longed to take off my jeans and take her right here on the couch.
I held back.  I wanted this to last as long as I could make it.  I wanted to relish the feel of her in my arms, memorize the feel of her touch, and revel in the feel of myself inside of her.
I reached around and snapped the clasp of her bra open, spilling her breasts out of it.  I pulled it down her arms and tossed it away as I took one of her breasts in my mouth.  This earned me another cry of passion and more grinding until I felt I could not take more without going in my jeans.
I lifted her off me and lowered her gently to the sofa beside me.  I started to unbutton my jeans, but her hands on mine stopped me.
“Can we go to the bedroom”, she asked breathlessly?
I smiled and answered, “I thought you would never ask.”
I got up from the sofa and lifted her up with me.  I lifted her up by the waist and she wrapped her legs around my waist laughing delightedly.  I carried her this way all the way up the stairs and to the bedroom.  I laid her gently on the bed and pulled her skirt down and discarded it into the floor.  
Her black lace panties matched the bra that was probably still in the floor in the living area.  I unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and shed them off and tossed them to the floor.  I climbed onto the bed beside her and wrapped her into my arms, relishing the feel of her bare skin next to mine.
I kissed her deeply and completely, kissing and suckling every inch of her perfect body.  I ran her hands all over, memorizing the silky feel of her skin under my hands.  I made it last as long as I could before I felt I could not stand it any longer.
I rose up over her and looked deeply into those pink depths that I would be happy to get lost in forever.  Desire and passion made the colored pattern of her skin shine brighter as she gazed lazily back into my eyes.
“Take me”, she whispered longingly, so I did.
As our bodies melded together, time seemed to melt away.  There was nothing except Bellesa and the feel of me inside her.  I could feel her energy seeping inside of me and mine slipping into her as we became one.  I heard our moans and cries as the ecstasy of our release joined us into one massive ball of energy that filled the room with the light of the sun.
We drifted slowly back into our own bodies, happily reveling in the aftermath of our joining.  I collapsed onto the bed beside her my breathing heavy and my heart threatening to beat out of my chest.  I gathered her to my side and she snuggled happily against me and laid her head on my shoulder.
We lay like that for a good while until our breathing became normal and our hearts beat steadily.
“I love you”, she whispered and her eyes fluttered closed.
I placed a kiss on her forehead and replied, “I love you, too, my heart”, before drifting off to blissful sleep.

CHAPTER 15

I did not want to get up.  I was blissfully aware of Bellesa’s still sleeping form curled up at my side as I came slowly back from dreamland.  I turned over and spooned her and tried to go back to sleep.
I wanted to stay there with her forever, but I knew that to be impossible as I heard the pounding that had awoken me come from the front door once again.
I heard Indiah leave the guest bedroom and the patter of her feet as she went downstairs to answer the door.
“Where are those two now”, Pimedus’s booming voice sounded through the whole house.  “We have to get started soon.”
I heard Indiah’s soft voice answer, but I couldn’t tell what she had said.
“SLEEPING”, he boomed?  “Well, go get them up!”
I moaned and rolled away from Bellesa and off the side of the bed.  I had better go deal with Pimedus before he woke up the whole solar system.
I picked my jeans up off the floor and pulled them on quickly before leaving the room.  I pulled the door softly shut so as not to wake up Bellesa, then made my way down the stairs to face my father.
“I’m here…I’m up”, I said as I practically ran down the stairs, through the foyer, and into the living area where Pimedus stood waiting.  “Bellesa is still sleeping, though.”
“Gatu, today is important.  We need to prepare you and plan out the details for finding Khanya and Drysu.  We need Bellesa and all of you.”  Pimedus’s orotund voice had quieted when he saw that I was awake, but his stern expression remained.
“Alright, alright.  I’ll go wake her up.”  I turned back toward the foyer and shuffled away.
“Hurry, the others will be here soon”, Pimedus called after me.
I felt like a child that had been scolded as I drug myself up the stairs and back to my bedroom.  I walked in the door to my room and I could see Bellesa’s sleeping figure through the slit in the canopy.  She looked so peaceful lying there asleep and I did not want to disturb her restful slumber.  I was pretty sure that Pimedus would send a search party if I did not get back downstairs with her soon, however; so I walked quietly to the edge of the bed and shook her shoulder gently.
“Bellesa, you have to get up.  Pimedus is here and everyone else will be here soon.”
“Mmm…hmm…mmm…”, she moaned as she rolled over and covered her eyes with her arm.
I sighed and climbed into the bed beside her and gently pulled her arm off her eyes.  I placed a soft kiss on her puckered lips, and then I kissed the tip of her nose, and then the middle of her forehead.
A soft moan escaped her lips and her eyes fluttered and slowly opened.  When she saw me leaning over her she smiled sleepily and pulled me down to her.  
She kissed me urgently running her hands up and down my back and leaned up into me suggestively.  I would have loved to oblige her, would have loved to lay there with her losing myself inside her for the rest of our lives.
But I could not.  Pimedus waited for us downstairs and the others would be along soon.  We had to find Khanya and Drysu so that the solar system could be safe again.
Regretfully, I pulled away from her and smiled sadly down at her.
“I wish I could lay here with you a while longer, but we have to get out of bed and get started”, I told her as she looked up at me longingly.
“Can’t we stay in bed just a bit longer”, she asked suggestively as she pouted her bottom lip?
I chuckled and answered, “I will stay in bed with you as long as you want when this is all over, but for now…”, I paused and rolled my eyes, “Pimedus is downstairs waiting for us.”
“Ugh!  Okay, let me get dressed and I’ll be down soon.”  She released me and sat up on the bed stretching and yawning and grumbling about having to get up.
I chuckled and slid off the bed and walked toward the door.  
“Gatu”, Bellesa called after me.
I turned toward her and she smiled radiantly at me and said, “last night was wonderful.”
I bowed at the waist and said playfully, “Glad I could be of service my lady.”
She laughed and threw a pillow at me, which I successfully dodged and ran out the door laughing.  
When I got back downstairs Pimedus was sitting on the small sofa with a mug of steaming liquid in his hands.  He looked at me questioningly, and I told him that Bellesa would be down soon.  Indiah came from the dining room with another mug of the steaming liquid and offered it to me.
“I made coffee”, she said smiling as she handed me the mug.
I took the mug, inhaled the scent of fresh coffee, and blew the steam from the surface.
“Mmm…thank you”, I said appreciatively to Indiah before I sipped carefully of the hot beverage.  It was smooth, dark, and delicious and I took another sip.
I sat down on the large sofa to the side of Pimedus and stared into the flames of the large stone fireplace.  The flames danced mesmerizingly casting shadows along the floor as I relaxed and my eyes grew heavy.
“Drink your coffee”, came a gruff voice from beside me, and I nearly spilled my coffee all over my lap.
“You almost caused me to spill it”, I said accusingly as I took another sip.
Pimedus looked at me gravely and made no comment.  He stared at me a moment longer until I started fidgeting uncomfortably.
“Gatu, I need you alert and focused today.  This is going to be difficult, and we cannot afford any mistakes.  Playtime is over.  It is time to get serious.”
I straightened and looked at Pimedus as that feeling of protectiveness and determination rose inside me again.  “I understand, father.  I won’t let any of you down.”
Pimedus looked stunned for an instant, and then a huge smile lit up the harsh features of his face.  
“You called me father”, he said softly as if he could not believe what he had heard.
I had called him father I realized.  I had not even thought about my words, I had just said what I was thinking, what I was feeling.  I had come to accept that he was not only my creator, but also my father, and I had grown to love him like a son loves his father.
I made no comment and only smiled back at him with all the love a son gives his dad.  Pimedus sat his mug down, gently took the mug from my hand and sat it down, and practically picked me up from the sofa and wrapped me in a strong hug.
I returned the hug as much as I could, wrapping my arms as far as I could around his huge frame.  He released me and gave me a clap on my shoulder that nearly knocked me back down to the sofa.
He was still smiling brightly when Bellesa came into the room dressed in a pink hoodie that matched her eyes and gray sweatpants.  Her hair was pinned up in a neat bun and her face shone freshly scrubbed.
She nodded a greeting at Pimedus as she sat down beside me on the sofa.  She breathed in deep and said softly, “mmm…do I smell coffee?”
As if on cue, Indiah glided into the room with another fragrant mug of coffee and handed it to Bellesa.  She smiled at Indiah brightly as she took the mug and inhaled, blew, and sipped just as I had earlier.
I chuckled silently at that as I watched her sip the coffee appreciatively and close her eyes blissfully as she swallowed it down.
Indiah came in with her own cup and sat down on the sofa opposite Bellesa and me.  We all sat in comfortable silence sipping coffee and staring into the flames as we waited for Oracle, Rhyad, and Saphrina to show up.
Saphrina was the next to show and she helped herself to some coffee.  Oracle and Rhyad were not far behind, and we all ended up in the dining room drinking coffee and eating scones that Oracle had made and brought with her.
“So”, I began.  “Does anyone have any suggestions on how we are going to carry out this plan?”
“The first think we need to do is pinpoint their location”, Oracle answered between bites.
I swallowed the bite I had in my mouth and asked, “How are we going to do that?”
Rhyad answered, “Not we…you, Gatu.”
“Me?  How?”
“Just like you did yesterday with everyone in the dining room”, Oracle answered as she took another bite of her scone.
I reached for another scone, split it in half, and slathered it with butter as I said, “I don’t know if I can do that with someone that isn’t in the room.  I wouldn’t even know how to start.”
Rhyad took a sip of coffee and said, “I will help you.  It is a simple meditation exercise that will not be difficult for you at all.”
I just nodded with a full bite of the buttery scone in my mouth. 
“So, what do we do when we find them”, Bellesa asked?
“Well”, Oracle answered after taking a sip of coffee.  “That depends on where they are.  If they are together, we will have to come up with a way to separate them so Bellesa can talk to Khanya without Drysu’s influence.”
“Yes, and then there is the problem of publicity”, Pimedus said.  “If they are somewhere where there are a lot of other souls we will have to figure out a way to get them in a more private setting.  I wouldn’t want to be responsible for another soul accidently getting hurt or worse if there is a fight.”
“It all sounds so complicated”, whispered Bellesa sullenly.  
I agreed.  How did I ever think that we would have been able to do all of this alone?  I had been so focused on getting to Khanya that I never thought about the small details that could complicate the whole outcome.  It could have been disastrous if we three had gone alone.  I was very thankful for Oracle’s psychic abilities in that moment.
“If we all stick together and follow the plan we will all be fine”, said Oracle calmly.
“We should get started as soon as possible”, Rhyad said as he finished the last of his buttery scone.
“I’m ready when you are”, I said as I got up from the table with my empty saucer and mug in hand.  I carried them to the kitchen and placed them in the dishwasher.
Bellesa came in behind me and placed her dishes in the machine as well as she said, “I’m scared, Gatu.  If anything happens to you…”
Her voice trailed off and I turned to her to discover tears forming in her large pink eyes.  I gathered her into my arms as I said in a comforting tone, “Don’t worry, my love.  Nothing will happen to me.”
“Gatu, you can’t be sure.  No one can tell the future.  No one can say for sure if anyone will make it out of this.  Oh, Gatu!”
She buried her head into my chest and sobbed and I tightened my arms around her.  She was right.  I could not promise that nothing bad would happen to me because I did not know either.  I did know one thing for sure, however.  No matter what happened, how long it took, or what I had to do to make it happen, I would come back for her somehow.
A thought occurred to me suddenly.  “Bellesa, what if we talk to Saphrina?  We can ask if she can learn how to harvest a soul from a dead body using her cane.  If something happens to me she can pull out my life force and place it in a new body so I can come back to you.”
Bellesa sniffled and looked up into my face.  “Gatu, it won’t be the same.  It won’t be you.  It would only be your memories, but it won’t be you.”
I looked at her confused for a moment before I said, “but, what about Rhyad?  Oracle created him and placed Reyes’s life force inside him so that Reyes could come back.”
“It isn’t the same”, said a voice from the doorway that led into the kitchen from the dining room.
Bellesa and I looked over to see Pimedus standing in the doorway, his large frame nearly filling the entire space.
“What do you mean, Pimedus”, I asked?
“Rhyad is not Reyes.  He has Reyes’s memories so he still thinks of me as his son, and still loves Oracle like Reyes did, but he isn’t Reyes.  He is different in many ways.  His personality is different, his temperament isn’t the same.  Reyes was more fun loving, more gentle spoken.  Rhyad is more serious and gruff.  Rhyad is a different person altogether with memories of another life in another time.”  Pimedus’s voice was soft and he had a sad expression in his crystal blue eyes.
“I thought you could place a life force in a new body to bring that soul back.”  I was confused on this matter.  We were not immortal, but our life force was supposed to live forever.  Whether it was in a body and alive, or in the form of pure energy, it lived and remembered forever.  Therefore, how could Rhyad be a completely new person?
“Let me try to explain”, another voice said coming into the kitchen.  
Rhyad’s red skin shone from the sunlight coming in through the window and his small black horns glistened as he walked around the island counter to stand in front of Bellesa and me.
“A life force”, he began in his guttural tone.  “Is the consciousness or awareness of a soul.  The energy that makes up the life force is never-ending and lives forever, whether in the body or out flowing through the universe.  The energy, though, is just that…energy.  It does not have an awareness or a consciousness.  When that energy is recalled and given a life force then the memories of the previous life force that used to exist with that energy can be awakened again.  However, the new life force has a new consciousness and new awareness of its own, even though it has the memories from the previous one.”
I thought about it for a minute and thought I understood more, but it was still a mystery to me.  No matter what happened or who I was I would never forget Bellesa, of this much I was sure.
I cupped Bellesa’s face with both of my hands and lifted it gently so she could look into my eyes as I said, “Bellesa, listen, I can only promise to be as careful as I can be.  If something does happen I may not be the same, but I can promise that I will always love you as much as I do now.”
She did not respond and only nodded her head with her tears glistening in her eyes.  I placed a soft kiss on her full lips.  A sob escaped her lips as I drew away and she left my embrace, turned away, and fled back into the dining room.  I did not know what to do.  I had no words to make her feel better.  I could only hope that I would come out of this and then we could start a life together in peace.
“I’m ready to start”, I said looking at Rhyad.
He only nodded and motioned for me to follow him.  Pimedus stopped me with a hand on my shoulder.  He looked at me sadly, but did not say a word.  I could read the look on his face, however, and I offered a comforting smile as I followed Rhyad out of the kitchen.
Rhyad led me to the garden and instructed me to sit on the bench.  No one else had followed us out, so it was only me and Rhyad alone.  As I sat down, the roses on the trellis began to tremble causing a few leaves to fall on my face.  A few shoots came down and stroked my hair and I shooed them away with my hand.
“Not now”, I told the plants and they moved back up to the trellis and the roses became still again.
“What did you say”, Rhyad asked narrowing his eyes at me.
“Nothing”, I answered.  “I was talking to the roses.”
“Ah, yes.  Your plant affinity”, he said in a matter-of-fact voice.  He fiddled with one of his horns for a moment before sitting on the bench beside me.
“When I was Reyes, I had a plant affinity.  I used to create the most beautiful flowers in the icy soil of Pluto.  Unfortunately, I did not have that affinity as Rhyad, so they all died from the cold.”
“Maybe I can grow some plants on Pluto for you after all this is over”, I said consolingly.
Rhyad only smiled and nodded his head.  He reached up and stroked a tendril of one of the roses with a faraway look in his eyes.  I assumed he was remembering his life as Reyes as he fondled the roses with that smile on his face.
After a few moments, Rhyad dropped his hand away from the roses and looked to me.  “Are you ready to begin”, he asked as the smile disappeared to be replaced with Rhyad’s signature icy stare?
I took a deep breath and said, “Yes.  I am ready.”
“Good”, he said.  “Close your eyes and concentrate.  Focus on that place deep inside you where you felt the fluttering before.”
I did what he said and instantly felt the fluttering again deep inside my stomach.  It churned and roiled inside me as if saying hello and I smiled as I said, “I feel it.”
I heard Rhyad’s voice as he said, “Good.  Now, picture Khanya in your head.  Remember the color of her skin and hair, the smell of her perfume, and the feel of her hand when she would touch you.”
I had a clear image of Khanya in my head and I imagined her kind eyes staring at me, the comforting feel of her hand on my shoulder, and the sweet smell of the lavender perfume she always used.  The fluttering in my stomach grew more frantic as I pictured Khanya, and I could feel the string of energy uncoiling and starting to move.
“Something is happening”, I said.  “I feel the strand of energy uncoiling.”
“Perfect”, Rhyad said softly.  “Let it leave your body.  Stay focused on it and see where it goes.  Don’t lose focus.”
I took a deep breath and concentrated as hard as I ever had as I instructed the strand of energy to go forth from the fluttering energy in my gut.  It obeyed, uncoiling and flowing out like a giant snake emerging from the underbrush.  I stayed focused on that strand as it grew and moved through the garden.  The longer the string grew, the stronger the fluttering got until it became more of a roiling rolling around and around inside me.  The attached string grew longer still and moved out of the garden and through the streets of Zendawiss.
Confusion almost made me lose my focus as the string headed straight for the mansion.  My heartbeat sped up as it got closer and closer to the mansion’s front gates.
Concentrate.  Don’t lose focus, I told myself as I could feel my attention slipping.
“Stay with it, Gatu.  Breathe slowly and stay calm.”
I tried slowing my breathing and calming myself while staying focused on the string of energy that had entered the mansion gates and was sliding closer to the mansion doors.  
This is impossible I thought.  How could she still be in the mansion?
Nevertheless, it entered the mansion and wound its way to the staircase.  Here it paused as if it did not know where to go next.  It shone brighter as if agitated and began to vibrate and hum.  I could actually hear the hum and feel the vibrations of the energy where it was still connected to the roiling inside my gut.
“What do you see, Gatu”, Rhyad asked softly.
“I don’t think it’s working, Rhyad”, I answered.  “It went to the mansion and is vibrating and humming in front of the staircase.”
I heard Rhyad gasp in surprise right before he said, “Pull it back, Gatu, quickly!”
I did and it came flowing back into my gut, coiling like a snake back into the fluttering spot in my stomach.  I opened my eyes and saw Rhyad pacing back and forth in front of the bench in agitation.
“This is going to be harder than I thought”, he was mumbling as he fumbled with one of his horns.
“What’s going on, Rhyad”, a voice from the edge of the garden floated on the air softly?
It was Indiah standing there watching Rhyad pace and looking weirdly at me.  
“I was trying to track Khanya and then…well…”, I motioned toward Rhyad who was still pacing.
“Well, that explains why you are glowing and your hair is white again.  Why is he pacing around like that”, she asked?
I shrugged my shoulders as she came closer into the garden and stood in Rhyad’s path.
He stopped suddenly as if he were only just now aware of her presence.  His head jerked up and he looked back and forth between us.
“Where is Bellesa?  I need to ask her a question”, he said strangely.
Indiah did not reply and only walked toward the house, so I assumed she was going to get Bellesa.
“What are you going to ask her”, I asked Rhyad since he had stopped his pacing?
He looked at me as if he had forgotten I was here.  “I need to know if Zendawiss’s mansion has catacombs under it.”
My eyebrows raised in surprise as I answered, “catacombs?  I have never heard of catacombs under the mansion.”
“Some mansions were built with catacombs in the beginning.  They were supposed to be used for training purposes at first, but so many souls got lost in them that they stopped using them and built universities and training grounds instead.  Now, many of the mansions that have them have closed them off and no longer use them.”
“Maybe I should try again”, I suggested as Rhyad started pacing again.
“If you wish, but I doubt you will get different results.”
“I could try to focus on Drysu instead”, I said, and Rhyad stopped suddenly.
He turned and looked at me with that intimidating gaze for a moment before he responded, “Yes, maybe we should try that.  It would tell us if they are together or not.”
I closed my eyes and focused on the coiled energy in the pit of my stomach.  This time it was easier to release the string of energy and send it out in search of the image of Drysu I had in my head.  I was realizing that the more I used a power or ability the easier it became to use it.  This ability was no different.
The string of energy left my body and headed straight for the mansion without any hesitation.  It followed the same path it had followed before, but this time instead of stopping at the staircase it went into the staircase.  It did not go up or down, but in it and then down.  It kept going down and down until it stopped suddenly then gradually began to move forward, sideways, forward again, then in a zigzag pattern.  
“I don’t think we need to ask Bellesa about the catacombs”, I said without opening my eyes.  “I am definitely seeing some kind of maze, so I would assume it’s the catacombs.”
I still did not open my eyes to see Rhyad's response because I wanted to see where the energy would take me.  I kept concentrating on my energy ribbon and following it’s movements.  Finally after weaving and winding for some time, it stopped in some kind of large room.  
I could not see anything in the room because I was not looking with my physical eyes, so I mostly just got flashes and images in my mind.  The image of Drysu I had been concentrating on, however, got very bright and vivid until it was almost as if he was standing right in front of me.  For this reason, I guessed that I had found his exact coordinates.  Images kept coming to me and I tried to remember everything I had seen as I opened my eyes to find everyone had come outside and was staring at me.
“Am I glowing and changing colors again”, I asked as I looked around at the amazement on everyone’s faces?
“Glowing doesn’t even begin to describe it”, Indiah said in a fascinated voice.  
I looked down at one of my hands and almost had to shield my eyes from its glow.  I felt a tug on my hair and looked up to see the roses shining like tiny pink lightbulbs all over the trellis.  The other plants in the garden were emitting a soft glow as well, and there were vines growing out of the ground at my feet that had wrapped themselves around my legs and calves.
“Why does everyone keep acting so surprised when these things happen”, I said trying to put humor in my voice.  “I’m actually getting kind of used to it.”
“I don’t think I’ll ever get used to it”, Bellesa said, her voice trembling.
I sent a silent thought to the vines and they immediately went back into the ground.  I walked quickly over to her and wrapped her in a hug and she collapsed into my arms.    
“Bellesa”, I whispered into her ear.  “Do you know about the catacombs under the mansion?”
She sniffled and looked up at me confused and said, “What about them?  They have been closed for centuries.  Khanya said they scared her, so she would never open them.”
“She must have gotten over her fear”, I said, and Bellesa jerked her head up and looked at me with her eyes wide.
“Please tell me we don’t have to go down into the catacombs”, she said, her voice quivering with fear.
“What do we do”, I asked Oracle who stood watching us with wary eyes.
I was used to seeing Oracle smile, so the fact that she was not smiling right now made my heart beat a little faster.  Trepidation crept its way up my spine as her eyes turned serious and menacing.
“Now comes the hard part”, she said with an eerie tone.
I swallowed a lump that had formed in my throat and looked to Pimedus whose face had turned just as menacing as Oracle’s.  
“Now, we go get them”, Pimedus said and his tone was more menacing than his eyes.

CHAPTER 16

No one said anything else as we made our way back in the house to dress and prepare to go down into the catacombs under the great mansion of Zendawiss.  
Oracle instructed us to dress comfortably, take food and water, and if we preferred some kind of weapon.  Saphrina and Pimedus portaled back to Nochetawah to dress and prepare, and Rhyad and Oracle portaled back to their homes as well.  Indiah had her belongings here and Bellesa refused to go to the mansion alone.
“Maybe we can go up to your quarters before we go down into the catacombs”, I told her comfortingly as I headed up the stairs to my room.
“This outfit I have on should suffice, and I don’t really have any weapons to bring”, she answered as she followed me up the stairs.
“I would hate to see that cute pink sweater ruined”, I said jokingly, but she did not laugh.
“I can borrow one of your tattered old t-shirts then”, she said as we walked into my bedroom.
I fished around in the bureau drawers and tossed one to her and then got one out for myself.  I got a pair of old gray sweat pants out as well and began to get dressed.  We dressed in silence and when we were done we went back down to the living area.  Bellesa went to the kitchen to prepare a food satchel for us all as I sat on the sofa and stared into the ever-burning flames in the fireplace.
I began to get nervous as I sat and waited for everyone to return dressed and ready.  Bellesa returned from the kitchen with a large satchel draped around her shoulders and hanging on her side.  She adjusted it so she could sit on the sofa beside me.  We sat in silence just finding comfort in each other’s presence as we both stared into the flames.  
Indiah came down after a few moments and sat down on the other sofa.  She made no comments and only stared into the flames with a contemplating look on her face.  Pimedus and Saphrina came next through a portal that opened up in the dining room.
That is how Oracle and Rhyad found us all when they stepped out of their own portal into the living area.  No one had brought any weapons except Saphrina who had the cane strapped to her side.  
The march to the mansion was a silent one.  I could feel the churning inside my stomach grow as we approached the mansion gates, and I could not be sure if it was the energy leading me to Khanya and Drysu or if it was my nervousness making my stomach turn flip-flops.
As we walked through the massive mansion gates I could feel the energy ribbon trying to uncoil inside my gut.  I stopped and put a hand over my stomach as I took a couple of deep breaths and tried to focus on simply walking the next few steps to the mansion door.
Bellesa stopped and turned back to me.  “Gatu, are you alright”, she asked in a worried tone?
“I think so”, I answered as the others stopped and turned back as well.
“What’s the problem”, Rhyad asked coming up to my side and placing a hand on my shoulder.
“It’s the energy”, I answered trying hard to focus on my words.  “It’s trying to go into tracking mode the closer we get to the mansion.”
“I see”, said Rhyad patting my shoulder comfortingly.  “You must learn to control it, Gatu.  You should be able to control it while you walk.”
I took a deep breath and tried to concentrate on the energy commanding it to calm down so I could walk.  I breathed in deep and slow and breathed back out the same and eventually it calmed to a light fluttering.  I opened my eyes and began to walk again, but the sensation became strong once more.  This time, however, instead of stopping I kept walking concentrating on putting one foot in front of the other.  I released the line of energy and it flowed out quickly almost taking my breathe away.  I collected myself quickly, however, and doubled my focus to walking and following the line of energy at the same time.
By the time we had reached the doors of the mansion it had gotten easier to walk and focus on the energy at the same time.  The line of energy led us directly to the grand staircase, and there it stopped.  I stopped at the bottom of the stairs and everyone stopped with me, forming a semi-circle around me as I stood there trying to concentrate on the energy ribbon.
“It has stopped right here”, I said to the questioning faces around me.
“Close your eyes and concentrate, Gatu”, Oracle said as she looked around the large foyer.
I closed my eyes and concentrated on the line of energy flowing from my body.  At first I could not see anything, but when I followed the line to the end where it had stopped on the stairs I saw flashes and images of a secret doorway that opened up in the middle of the stairs to another set of stairs that went down into the catacombs.
“There is a secret door”, I said as I opened my eyes and pointed to where I saw the door in the image of my mind.  “I don’t know how to open it, though.”
“Forget opening it”, Pimedus said.  “Everyone get back!”
“Wait”, exclaimed Bellesa as she jumped in front of Pimedus with her hands up in front of her!  “We have to make sure no one will come here and try to follow us down into the catacombs.  I don’t want any innocent souls getting hurt.”
“She is right”, Rhyad said.
“We could lock the all the doors so no one can enter”, suggested Pimedus.
“But then everyone who is inside would not be able to get out”, I said.
“We need to evacuate the mansion, then, and not let anyone inside until we are done”, said Oracle.
“Fine”, said Bellesa in her take-charge tone.  I could see the leader in her coming to the surface as she straightened and began to give orders.
“Pimedus, you are the most familiar with the layout of the fifth floor.  No one should be there, but I’m not taking chances.  You take the fifth floor.”
Pimedus nodded and went up the staircase.
“Saphrina, you take the fourth floor.  Oracle, you take the third.  Rhyad, you go to the second floor.”
Everyone went up the stairs at Bellesa’s bidding.  
“Gatu, you and Indiah evacuate the living quarters, and I will check the kitchen and the banquet hall.”
I was already shaking my head before she finished.  “No way, I’m not letting you go off alone.  We take the whole first floor together.”
Bellesa took a breath and nodded her agreement as she said, “alright, fine.  We go together.  Let’s start in the living quarters.”
We walked through each room of the living quarters evacuating all the souls and locking doors behind us.  When all the rooms were empty of souls we made our way back to the foyer.  We walked into the large foyer and locked the door to the west wing and started across the foyer to the east wing to check the kitchen and banquet hall for souls.
The energy in my gut began to churn violently as we came closer to the staircase, and Bellesa stopped in her tracks right in front of me and gasped loudly.  I almost ran into her back as my concentration was being taken by then energy churning around in my stomach, and Indiah stopped and gasped as well.  
“This is not good”, Indiah said softly, and I tried to gain my focus to see what was wrong.
The energy roiled violently and the line shot out forcefully, but it did not go towards the staircase like I was expecting.  Instead, it flew straight towards the door to the banquet hall, and I heard Saphrina’s voice calling out in my head.
Gatu, help us!  It said, and I dreadfully remembered when I had heard her calling me in our first life.
The day she had died.
Not again!  I thought.  This time I had the power to find her, to get to her, to save her.
“We have to get to Saphrina”, I exclaimed!
“Gatu, look at the stairs”, Indiah said loudly!  I had never heard her yell before, and I jerked my head around to see what had made her raise her normally quiet voice.
The stairs were open.  That is the only way I could think to describe the sight of the gaping jaw of the trap door opened wide in the middle of the stairway.
My heart stopped for a moment at the sight, and then I felt the energy pulling at me again.  The line of energy was pulling stronger toward the banquet hall.  I could not decide whether the energy was still leading me to Khanya's location or if it had changed to Saphrina’s location now.  I was definitely more focused on Saphrina now more than I was on Khanya, so I assumed that was why the line had changed course.  No matter the reason, however, Saphrina was in trouble and that was where I was going.
I began to run across the foyer to the banquet hall door and I heard the thundering footsteps of Indiah and Bellesa as they ran after me.  I did not stop, did not look back, and did not say anything as I ran across the room to the door.  When I got to the door I stopped and opened it slowly.  I poked my head around the door and peeked into the room.
The sight sent jolts of terror sparking through my body and I almost screamed out Saphrina's name.  I clapped my hand across my mouth to stop the sound and quickly withdrew my head from the opening of the door.  My breathing came in short shallow gasps and my heart threatened to beat out of my chest.
“Gatu, what did you see”, Indiah asked as I leaned my head back and closed my eyes to try to calm myself?
“They are in there with Pimedus and Saphrina”, I answered in a whispered voice.  “Oracle and Rhyad are in there too.”
“Who”, Bellesa asked?
“Drysu and Khanya”, I answered as I slowly opened my eyes.
“We have to get in there”, she said upon hearing Khanya's name.  “What are we waiting for?”
She pushed past me and flung the doors open, throwing the satchel of food off her shoulders.  I heard her sharp intake of breath as I slowly turned around and looked across the room where they all stood.
Khanya and Drysu stood back to back in a defensive stance in the middle of the dance floor.  Pimedus stood protectively over Saphrina who was sitting disoriented on the floor.  Oracle and Rhyad were circling around Khanya and Drysu with balls of energy gathered in their hands ready to attack.   When the doors were flung open all eyes turned to the three of us standing in the doorway of the banquet hall.
My eyes went to Khanya first.  She was wearing a black silk ball gown that was tight fitting to the waist and flowed freely down to the floor.  Her once beautiful curly red hair was tangled and disheveled and her wild eyes glowed with a sickly green light.  She looked feral as she shot me a wide-eyed look that made my heart beat even faster.
I glanced at Drysu who was still wearing that ridiculous suit.  His eyes were narrowed hatefully at me as they shone with a dim white light.  Rhyad and Oracle never took their eyes off the pair as they circled slowly around them ready to attack with the energy balls they held in their waiting hands.
“Drysu, give up and make things easier”, Oracle was saying as she moved slowly to the right.
“You won’t take me alive”, he replied in his nasally high-pitched cartoon voice.
I slowly started moving across the floor to Saphrina when Drysu looked away to address Oracle.  Khanya still held me in her steely gaze, but I ignored her as I moved slowly across the floor.
“Khanya”, I heard Bellesa yell in a disheartened voice.  
That took her attention away from me, and she focused those wild eyes on Bellesa as she said, “there you are you traitor!  Why are you with these people?”
I made it over to Saphrina and helped her up from the floor as Pimedus stood in front of us and between the wild pair and us.
“Are you alright”, I asked as I helped her to her feet?
“I’m fine.  I dodged the attack just in time”, she answered as she pointed to the wall behind her.  There was a large charred hole in the wall and I could see the kitchen through the hole.
“Khanya, please come with us.  We can help you”, Bellesa was saying as Saphrina got back on her feet.
“Stop talking to me!  All of you just leave me alone”, Khanya replied and her voice sounded shaky and off key.  
That feeling that something was wrong with Khanya came over me again stronger than I had ever felt it before.  The urge to touch her was so strong that I actually held out my hand and started walking toward her trance-like.  I felt Saphrina grab my arm to try to stop me, but I kept moving slowly toward Khanya.
“Gatu, no!  What are you doing”, Pimedus boomed as he, too, tried to stop me!
I dodged his outstretched arm quickly and kept moving toward Khanya before Pimedus could make another move toward me.
“What are you doing”, Khanya asked in that unsteady voice as I moved toward her with my hand outstretched?  “Stay away from me!”
Drysu whipped around to stand side-by-side with Khanya as he yelled at me, “Don’t try anything, boy!”
I stopped suddenly and shook my head to clear it.  The urge to touch Khanya was too strong for me to resist, but I was going to try.  If I kept going it would be suicide!  I focused my attention on my stomach instead, trying to find that familiar fluttering of the tracking energy that lived there.  It answered my call immediately and began to churn violently in wait of my command.  I sent the line out toward Khanya and listened with my mind.
What is happening?  Why is he trying to get to me?
Does he want to hurt Drysu?  Leave him alone!  He is mine!
What is wrong with me?
I am losing my mind.
Someone help me!
All of these thoughts hit me at once like some jumbled mass of thoughts that were mashed together.  It made no sense to me.  Khanya had always been level headed, smart, and kind, but her mind was like a jumbled mess of emotions.
Then I had an idea.
I pulled the thread of energy back to me and sent it out toward Saphrina instead.  I sent it into the cane and listened with my mind once again.
Give me my body back!  
Gatu, you have to get me back in my body!
Khanya I have to get to Khanya…
I am Khanya!
Who has stolen my body!!??
A loud gasp escaped my throat and my eyes flew open.  That is why something was wrong with Khanya!  She was not Khanya!
Khanya was in the cane!
Questions bombarded my brain as I stared in horror at Khanya's body.  Suddenly, I remembered the day Pimedus had taken Bellesa to Saphrina to be healed.  We had rushed back to Zendawiss to check on Khanya after seeing Drysu’s hat on Pimedus’s videophone and thinking that he must have done something to Khanya.  She had found us first in the receiving room we had portaled into.  She seemed worried about us and accused Pimedus of kidnapping Bellesa and me. 
She had had a large cut on her arm that day.  She brushed it off when Bellesa had asked her about it, but it was then that I began to have that feeling that something was wrong with her.  Had he cut Khanya with the cane before he had cut Bellesa?  Saphrina had healed Bellesa as the new owner of the cane, and it had worked.  However, no one had healed Khanya.  Whatever life force was in the cane when Khanya had been cut had switched places with hers.
“That’s not Khanya”, I yelled out suddenly!
Everyone in the room froze and silence fell heavily on the air.  The energy line snapped back to me and the churning energy in my gut began to spread throughout my body.  Suddenly, I realized that this was my power source.
This was not solely tracking energy.  This was my power center, the place where my own personal energy lay dormant waiting to be used for whatever power I wished.  It would always be there waiting to be commanded, and right now it answered my call and filled me up with a mix of light and dark energies.
You have to get to Khanya with the cane I thought at Saphrina.  Cut her with the knife and suck out the life force that has stolen her body.
I heard Saphrina’s answering thought right away.  I don’t know how to use it.  
You don’t have to know how to use it.  Khanya is inside the cane.  If you cut her body, the knife will automatically switch them back.
Saphrina did not respond, so I assumed that she understood and would listen to my request.  All I had to do was create a distraction.  I called a ball of energy into my hand and everyone in the room gasped at the sight. 
It was not a ball of light energy or a ball of dark energy.  It was a ball of light and dark energy mixed together that flashed from light to dark in sequence.  I rolled the ball around in my hand and tossed it to the other hand.
I looked at Drysu and smirked as I said, “Not so much of a boy now, am I?”
The look of surprise on his face pleased me, and the shakiness of his grating voice pleased me even more. 
“How are you doing that”, he asked in disbelief?
“I have learned a few tricks since last we met”, I answered cockily as I rolled and tossed the shining ball.  I stood there playing with the ball for a few moments longer, watching Drysu’s and the fake Khanya's eyes follow the ball nervously.  I tossed it from one hand to the other then back again quickly as they both took a step back away from me.  I tossed the ball again, but this time instead of tossing it into my other hand I tossed it out away from me before anyone could react.  It landed at Drysu’s feet, exploding into a sparkle of light and dark glitter as the booming sound reverberated through the banquet hall.
Then all hell broke loose.
Drysu howled in surprise and leapt away from the exploding ball of energy and landed face down onto the floor a few feet away.  The fake Khanya released a blood-curdling scream as she fell to the floor and covered her face with both her hands.  Bellesa screamed Khanya's name and began running to her as I tried to stop her as she sped past me.  Oracle and Rhyad ran for the spot where Drysu had landed and Saphrina ran for the fake Khanya with the knife from the cane in her hand.  Pimedus just stood dumbfounded staring at fake Khanya hunkered on the floor and screaming.  
All of this happened all at once and I tried to locate everyone through the chaos as I grabbed for Bellesa.
“It’s not her!  It isn’t Khanya”, I kept yelling at Bellesa as I got hold of one arm and tried to pull her to me!
“NO!  I have to get to her!  She needs me”, Bellesa kept saying as she struggled against my hold!
Suddenly, Indiah was there and she wrapped Bellesa and held her in her arms as Bellesa continued to struggle.  She put her head close to Bellesa’s ear and blew, and some type of dust came out of Indiah's mouth and surrounded Bellesa’s head.  Immediately, Bellesa stopped struggling and slumped into Indiah's arms and closed her eyes.
“What did you do”, I asked alarmed?!
“It’s a simple sleep spell.  She will be fine in a few minutes.”  Indiah seemed calm and moved away with Bellesa in her arms.
I would have to get Indiah to teach me how to do that, but now was not the time.  I scanned the room to see Saphrina standing over Khanya with the knife raised over her head.  Before she could bring the knife down, Khanya rose up suddenly and grabbed Saphrina by the throat.
“No”, I cried!  I ran for Saphrina as fake Khanya raised her up over her head leaving Saphrina’s feet dangling inches off the floor.
“Put her down”, came Pimedus’s booming demand as he came out of his comatose state and went into action!
Fake Khanya let out an angry scream and began to glow as her hair whipped wildly around her head in an invisible wind.  I was almost there, almost to her, and fear gripped my heart as I discovered I would not make it in time if fake Khanya released some kind of power.  
I called my energy and it came easily this time.  It barely took any concentration at all to command vines from the floor to wrap around fake Khanya's legs and jerk her off balance.  Fake Khanya released Saphrina from her grasp and went sprawling to the floor screaming angrily that she hated us all.
Saphrina fell to the floor gasping for air and still clinging to the knife as Pimedus got to her and began checking her for injuries.  My vines wrapped fake Khanya up to her waist and held her there as she screamed angrily and shot a piercing stare in my direction.  
Suddenly, I felt my throat being closed off as if someone was choking me, but no one was there.  Fake Khanya's eyes narrowed intensely and the feeling became stronger.   My vines began to disappear as my concentration was being cut off along with my air, and I clawed at my throat as my lungs begged for oxygen.  I tried to call my power, but I could not focus clearly and I began to see black at the edges of my vision.
Suddenly, I could breathe again and I took in giant gulps of wonderful air into my lungs.  I looked over to see Pimedus’s dreadlocks whipping wildly around his head, his arms extended strait out in front of him, and fire flew from his fingertips as fake Khanya rolled out of the way of the flames.
When the bought of flames had ended, she screamed in frustration and leapt from the floor, turned, and ran the other way.
“Don’t let her get away”, I called, but it was no use!
The others were too busy with Drysu to give chase.  
Drysu was standing on top of the bar with his arms extended out to the sides.  Glasses and bottles flew out from behind him and slammed into Oracle and Rhyad.  Rhyad dodged two bottles, was hit in the face with a glass, screamed in anger and raised his hands.
Ice shards flew out of his palms and slammed into Drysu, surprising him and knocking him behind the bar.  Oracle gathered a ball of energy into her hands and flung it at the spot where Drysu had fallen.  A bright flash lit up the whole banquet hall and I heard Drysu scream in pain.
I looked around for fake Khanya, but I did not have to look far.  Upon hearing Drysu scream, Khanya turned and began to call her power against Oracle.
“You hurt my boy”, fake Khanya cried right before she released an energy ball the size of a giant watermelon!
“Oracle”, Rhyad called as he flung his hand out towards her!  Oracle dove to the ground just as the energy ball reached where she had been standing, but a giant dark energy ball that Rhyad had released from his outstretched hand deflected it.  
“Oracle”, Rhyad called again, and she raised her head from the floor and gave him thumbs up.
I breathed a sigh of relief as Oracle raised herself from the floor, but my relief was short lived as I saw Drysu hop atop the bar once more.  He laughed maniacally and forcefully threw something that was in his hand.  He did not throw it at any of us standing there, but instead threw it out to the side.  
Confused, I looked in the direction he had thrown it and terror gripped my heart as I saw Bellesa running toward us, and the object that Drysu had thrown heading straight for her.  
“Bellesa, nooo”, I cried helplessly! There was no way I could get to her in time, no way anything could reach her in time, because the object flew through the air too fast for anything.  
I watched in horror, helpless to stop it, as the object drew nearer to her.  It was as if time had slowed down and I was watching the whole thing in slow motion.  I saw Bellesa running to me, her eyes widen in fear as I screamed her name, her head swing around to see the object coming straight for her, and her trying to stop and dodge the object before it reached her.
I began to run toward her, even though I knew I would not make it in time.  Tears were spilling from my eyes when the object reached her.  She flung a hand out to me and I reached mine out to her, and I could see the fear in her eyes as the object struck her.
It struck her on the side of her face right under her eye with the force of a charging bull, and she went down instantly.  She fell to the floor and did not move and I slid to my knees as I reached her.  I gathered her into my arms and placed my ear next to her mouth.
I could feel her breath in my ear as she breathed out.  I placed two fingers on her wrist and felt a strong steady pulse.  I looked at the spot where the object had struck her and saw only an angry red welt on her cheekbone.  
I sobbed in relief and took a shaky breath as I looked over to the floor where the object had fallen.  It was a small round piece of metal that looked a doorknob, and anger overtook me as I gently lowered Bellesa to the floor and picked it up and tossed it away.  I stood and turned to the bar where Drysu stood laughing.
Indiah ran breathlessly up to me and, seeing Bellesa on the floor, knelt protectively over her.  Pimedus and Saphrina were suddenly there and we all fixed Drysu with angry stares as he looked down upon us laughing hysterically.
“You won’t be laughing for long”, I said darkly as I called my power.  It filled me to the brim swirling with the anger inside me.  I raised my hands towards Drysu, released it all, and flung it out towards him.    The energy formed into a dark spear shape and flew right for Drysu’s chest.
I saw his white eyes widen in surprise and heard him scream in fear as he leapt from the bar and ran from the energy spear.  It did no good, because the spear chased him as he ran across the floor.  
Suddenly, I heard a scream from fake Khanya.  “NO!  MY SON!”
She dove between the spear and Drysu and the spear struck her in her chest.
Time seemed to stand still, and we all watched in horror as Khanya's body fell to the floor with the energy spear impaled into her chest.

CHAPTER 17

The room was filled with screams and moans of misery as Bellesa and Pimedus ran to Khanya and fell to the floor on either side of her.  Pimedus picked her head up gingerly and placed it in his lap and Bellesa picked up one of her arms and cradled her limp hand to her uninjured cheek.
Drysu stopped in his tracks and turned around, staring horrified at Khanya's body.  Rhyad took the opportunity and shot ice out of his hands encasing Drysu in ice and freezing him to the spot.  Oracle released a ball of energy that surrounded Drysu in a bright light and when the light faded the icy Drysu was trapped in a shining golden cage with glowing bars.
I stood paralyzed as I watched my father and my love keen over Khanya's lifeless body, and remorse gripped my heart as I watched the energy spear dissipate, leaving a large gaping hole in the middle of Khanya's chest.  I dropped to my knees, covered my face with my hands, and wailed my grief into my palms.
What had I done?  I knew it was not Khanya, but I had killed her body.  We would never be able to get her out of the cane now.  Saphrina came over and laid a comforting hand on my shoulder, and Indiah appeared suddenly and laid her hand on my other shoulder.  
Oracle and Rhyad walked over to the lifeless Khanya and knelt to the floor.  Oracle gathered Bellesa in her arms and spoke soothingly to her, and Rhyad draped an arm around Pimedus’s shoulders as Pimedus shook with sobs.
Saphrina knelt down beside me and whispered in my ear.  “Gatu, that wasn’t Khanya.  You said so yourself.”
“I know that”, I said and my voice cracked with misery.  “Khanya is trapped in the cane.  How are we going to get her out of the cane now?  She has no body.”
“You can make her a body”, she said softly.
I glanced up at Saphrina hopefully.  She was right.  I had created her, so maybe I could create another soul for Khanya's life force.  I had not known what I was doing before, but I was stronger now.  I had found my power source, and I was able to access it at will now.  If Pimedus helped me, I could create a soul for Khanya.
I picked myself up off the floor and dried my tears.  I walked slowly over to Khanya's body and knelt on the floor at her feet.  I looked over at Pimedus who still held Khanya's head in his lap stroking her hair as he whispered her name repeatedly.
“Pimedus”, I said softly laying a hand on his arm.  “Pimedus, this wasn’t Khanya.  Khanya is still safe.”
He did not seem to hear me at first, but after a moment his red-rimmed blue eyes bore into me suspiciously.
“What do you mean, Gatu”, he asked as his voice trembled with emotion.
“Khanya is safe.  She is the soul in the cane.  She just needs a body.”
Bellesa’s eyes widened and she gently lowered Khanya's hand away from her face.  “You mean it was Khanya's life force in the cane?”
“Yes, my love.  Khanya is safe in the cane.”
Bellesa stared at me a moment longer then began to laugh with relief.  Pimedus gently lowered Khanya's head to the floor as he asked, “Then who was in Khanya's body?”
“That is a question for that one”, Oracle answered pointing at the frozen Drysu inside his glowing cage.  “If you would thaw him out for us, we shall ask.”
“Does anyone know who his creator is”, I asked?
Everyone looked at me questioningly, so I went on to explain, “When I attacked Drysu, she yelled my son and took the attack in his stead.”
Everyone looked around at each other searchingly, but no one answered.  
“Rhyad, you are the one who found him for Pimedus when you were Reyes.  Don’t you remember where he came from”, Oracle asked?
“Of course I do”, Rhyad answered indignantly.  “I found him on Tarrina, the dark city of Neptune.”
An eerie silence fell in the room, and I was sure we were all thinking the same thing.  Tarrina is where Alibastor was created, where souls were slaughtered by Alibastor, and where Indiah’s lover, Ashton, lost his life.  Had Alibastor’s creator, Dorath, created Drysu as well?  It would certainly explain why he was so evil and twisted.
“Pimedus, thaw this black-skinned devil out.  We need to question him”, Oracle said as she arose from the floor and walked angrily over to the frozen Drysu.
Rhyad took out his video phone and made a call, and instantly a portal opened in the middle of the banquet hall.  Three uniformed scouts stepped out of the portal carrying a stretcher.  Bellesa stood up and backed away from Khanya's body and the rest of the souls, including myself, did the same.  The scouts carefully loaded the body onto the stretcher and covered her with a white sheet.  They walked solemnly back to the portal carrying the stretcher between them, stepped in, and disappeared into the portal.  The portal disintegrated back into nothingness as we watched.
Pimedus pointed one finger at Drysu and fire flew from his finger and enveloped Drysu.  After a few seconds Drysu thawed and fell choking onto the floor of the glowing cage.  He lay there for a moment before standing up and looking around hatefully.
“We have some questions for you, Drysu”, Rhyad said as he fixed Drysu with an icy stare.  His yellow eyes glowed brightly and his horns began to glow with an eerie purple light.
Drysu’s eyes widened in fear and he tried to shield his eyes from the strange light.
“You cannot hide from the truth”, Rhyad said, and his voice had taken on a peculiar quality as if he were trying to hypnotize Drysu.
I discovered that this analogy was not far off the mark when Drysu lowered his hands away from his eyes and stared zombie-like at the light emanating from Rhyad’s horns.
“I am going to ask you some questions”, Rhyad said in that eerie voice.  “And, you will answer truthfully.”
“Yes, I will answer truthfully”, Drysu answered as he stared into the light.  His voice had gone monotone, but was still nasally and irritating.
“Who is your creator?”
“Alibastor from the city of Tarrina, the dark city of Neptune.” 
Everyone in the room let out a collective gasp of surprise.  Alibastor had created a soul!  He may have been damaged, but he apparently had enough power to create.
“How did you come to have Oracle’s cane”, Rhyad asked after everyone had a moment to get over the shock?
“I stole it.”
“Why did you steal it?”
“I wanted to save my father.”
Rhyad glanced around the room and we all stared back in horror.  Had Alibastor’s life force been inside that cane the whole time?  
“Tell us the whole story”, Rhyad said.

Drysu continued to stare into the light and began in his nasally monotone voice, “I became aware in the darkness of the catacombs under the mansion of Tarrina.  My father had created me to take care of him, because his body was sick and dying.  I would go up to the surface to find food and supplies every now and again, and one day I ran into Reyes.  He was meeting with Dorath, the leader of Neptune, over yet another complaint of his drunken crusades.  I had just come up out of the catacombs when he came down the stairs and he commented on my black skin.  He asked who I was and I lied and said I was one of the servants.  He offered to take me with him and offered me a job as an assistant to an apprentice.  I took the job.  I hated the catacombs, and I wanted to find a way to cure my father so he could come out of the catacombs and live amongst the other souls.
I went with Pimedus to visit Oracle one day.  She had just made the cane and was showing it to Pimedus.  She was going to give it to a soul named Ashton to congratulate him on his engagement.”
I heard Indiah’s sharp intake of breath at the sound of her lover’s name, and her eyes filled with tears as she shifted her gaze to Oracle.  Oracle smiled at her empathetically, and a tear fell down her face at the memory.
Our attention reverted to the zombie-like Drysu as he continued his story. 
“I heard what the cane could do, and I wanted it.  I was sure I could find a suitable body for my father.  I was good at moving around and hiding in the dark, but not in the light.  I had to wait for everyone to take their rest before I made my move. 
I stole the cane and took it down to the catacombs and cut my father.  His life force slipped away slowly and his body began to die.  But, then souls came down into the catacombs looking for him.  Dorath found us trying to escape and I cut him with the knife.  I thought for sure Alibastor’s life force would slip into Dorath’s body, but it did not. 
I cut him again and again, but it didn’t work and Dorath died.  I hid Alibastor away in a secret part of the catacombs that no one knew about except for Dorath, Alibastor, and myself.  I went out every night in search of souls to use, but they were all the same.  I would cut them and cut them, but it never worked.  Finally, Alibastor was taken by the tracker and destroyed by Oracle.  I left the catacombs and vowed that I would one day find a body for Alibastor, and then we would take over the solar system and rule over all the souls who made our lives a living nightmare.
I spent the rest of my days as Pimedus’s assistant and Khanya's lover, but that all ended as well.  When I ended up on Jupiter as leader I thought for sure I would be able to create the perfect soul for Alibastor, but none of them ever worked.  
When Khanya called me after so many years, told me about Gatu, and asked if I could help him, I saw my opportunity.  With a soul as strong as Khanya and one with the potential of Gatu, I would be sure to be strong enough to fine a soul for Alibastor and rule the solar system and maybe even the entire galaxy.  
When I told Khanya of my plans she became furious and said she was not going to ruin her chance with Pimedus for me ever again.  I became angry and struck her with the knife.  It was not a killing blow, but Khanya fell nonetheless and began screaming in agony.  I got scared and ran away and saw Bellesa coming down the hall.  I shot her with an energy beam before she even knew what was happening, and then I knocked her out and tied her up.
Khanya caught me, but she only laughed and greeted me as son.  I knew I had succeeded without even trying, and with Khanya's body Alibastor and I would be unstoppable, especially since Alibastor retained some of Khanya's memories and could pose as her for a time.
It would have been perfect had I not underestimated Gatu and his never ending powers.”
No one said anything for a long time.  We all just stood staring unbelievably at Drysu and each other.  Khanya had been a wonderful and loving soul just as we had all known.  In the end, her body had been taken by another life force, so she had not betrayed us after all.
My heart was heavy with emotion.  I was happy that Khanya had not betrayed me and that the Khanya I had grown to love and care for had been real.  I was miserable because I had inadvertently destroyed her body, and we would not ever see that wonderful red hair and shining green eyes again.
I looked around at all the faces that had helped me grow in power and in mind, and had been there by my side through good times and bad.  My heart grew even heavier knowing that I had failed them and Khanya.  I had to make it right somehow.  
I had to redeem myself.
I turned silently and walked out of the banquet hall alone.  
No one followed me, and I was not sure if they even saw me leave.
Where is the creation room for Zendawiss? I thought at Saphrina.
Under the big video screen in the sitting room…why?  Came Saphrina’s answer.
Just meet me there and bring the cane.
I went up the staircase to the fifth floor and stood in front of the video screen and waited for Saphrina.  I did not have to wait long.  She did not say anything as she grabbed a knob on the side of the screen and pulled.  A doorway opened up under the screen and Saphrina went down the stairs to the creation room.
“How did you know where this was”, I asked as we made our way down the stairs?
“I asked Bellesa, of course.  I knew where you were going when you ran out of the room after Drysu told his story, and I knew you would be contacting me to bring the cane.  She gave me the key and told me how to open it.”
“You are too smart”, I said jokingly as we came into the room.
It looked much like Nochetawah’s creation room except that it was brighter, and where the stars of the night shown through the crystal floors of Nochetawah, Zendawiss's crystal floors boasted a view of a perfect blue sky with wisps of white clouds floating here and there.
I saw the energy pool shining in its framed wall on the other side of the room.  I felt the urge again like I had that day in Nochetawah, only this time I was wiser and stronger.  I could resist the urge this time as I spotted a comfortable chair to the side of the room.  
I sat in the chair, closed my eyes, and concentrated.  I knew I would not have to do any balancing exercises, because I held the perfect balance of energies inside me.  All I had to do was picture the soul I wanted to create in my mind and my instincts would lead me the rest of the way through.
The difference here was that I was not sending this life force to live a life on Earth.  I was sending this life force directly into the soul body.  I pictured the body in my mind first.  I did not want her to look just like Khanya, but I did want her to have the same eyes.  I had always loved Khanya's eyes.  
I pictured a soul with skin the color of the sunset and leaves in the fall on Earth.  She would have hair the color of the sunflowers that grew in my garden at home.  Her eyes would be like Khanya's with the ring of brown and green shining with kindness.  Her features would be soft set in a heart-shaped face with a full set of lips and high cheekbones.  She would be beautiful, kind, and loving…I hoped…
I held this picture in my mind as I called the raw energy out of the energy pool to me.  I molded it and shaped it in my mind as it moved across the room in a cloud of sparkling light.  By the time it got to my chair a body had formed on the floor at my feet.
She looked perfect, just what I had pictured, and I captured the last bit of energy before it escaped back into the pool.  I called it to me and simply touched it and sent it into the body.  The body’s eyes fluttered and opened, and she drew in a giant breath and began to breathe.
“Saphrina, cut her.  Just a small cut, though.  Concentrate on sending the energy back out of the knife not pulling it.”
Saphrina took a deep breath and said “Okay, I’ll try.”
She knelt down beside the body and placed a soothing hand on her shoulder as her eyes widened with fear.  “It’s okay.  You will be okay soon”, Saphrina said in a calming tone.
She closed her eyes and put the tip of the knife gently against the body’s arm.  She made a small scratch and a bright light radiated out of the knife for an instant, and the body arched her back and cried out in pain.
Saphrina looked at me worriedly, but I was not worried.  I knew the pain only lasted a moment, and then it would all be over.  Khanya's second incarnation would be awake and aware, and everything would be set right.
After a moment, the body lay back on the floor and closed her eyes.  She breathed steadily and I knew she was asleep.  I got up from the chair and held my hand down to Saphrina.
“Come, let’s get Pimedus.  He’ll want to be here when she wakes up.”

EPILOGUE

Pimedus fell in love with Syrin the moment he saw her laying asleep on the floor.  She has all the memories of Khanya, so of course she loves him too.  She is my creation, but not my daughter.  I did not give her my energy.  I made her with light energy, so she lives here in Zendawiss with me, but Pimedus visit’s often and walks with her in my garden.  She is growing and learning well so far, and I am very fond of her.
Bellesa loves her too, and they are fast becoming best friends.  Saphrina gets jealous sometimes, but Bellesa assures her that she loves her too.  I have let Syrin move into my house since I spend most of my time in the mansion with Bellesa anyway.  I love my house, but I cannot stand being away from Bellesa.  We stay there sometimes as well when Bellesa is not swamped with work.
Indiah has been visiting with Pimedus more often, though I suspect it has a lot to do with Saphrina.  Those two have grown very close as of late.  Bellesa gets jealous sometimes, but Saphrina assures her that she loves her too. 
Drysu was taken to Pluto and put in the dungeons.  Rhyad says he will probably be there for a very long time, possibly forever.  Rhyad visit’s often and checks in on me to see how many new powers I have developed.
To be honest, I have not been practicing much.  I am enjoying being able to live without being in danger all the time.  I do not have to use my powers, so why bother?
Oracle visit’s often as well.  She is not happy that I am wasting my time chasing after Bellesa.  I told her I do not have to chase her long before she lets me catch her.
Oracle does not think that it is funny when I say that.

I was at my house the day the scout from Vertrock, the light city of the galaxy, came to visit.  I have been summoned to present myself to Romulas, the light leader of the galaxy.  Bellesa has cried since the scout left, because she thinks Romulas wants to keep me for himself as the new tracker of the galaxy. 
I am afraid that she may be right.
Whatever the reason, I will not let anything keep me from Bellesa.  I have told her this, but it has not helped to comfort her.
Everyone else is unhappy about it as well.  Pimedus has told me that he will fight to keep me if he has to.  I told him no.  I do not want anyone else getting hurt because of me. 
As long as everyone I love is safe and happy then I will be happy also.  
Surely, Romulas will understand that I do not want to leave Zendawiss.  Surely, there is a way that I can work as his tracker and still live at home. 
Surely, there is a way.  
Bellesa has said that she will run away with me somehow.  Maybe I can try my hand at galaxial travel.  We could move to a different galaxy, or maybe I can create my own galaxy.
No one, not even me, knows the limits of my power.  I have not had to use my power for a time, but I can still feel that fluttering pool of energy in my gut every time I think about it.  Who’s to say whether I could or could not create a galaxy? 

Maybe I could be the new creator of a galaxy.

TO BE CONTINUED IN BOOK TWO: TIME AND TIME AGAIN
FREE DOWNLOAD!
Sign up for my free monthly newsletter and get a free copy of For the Love of Dawn Book one of the Prodigium Mortem series and a chance to win an audio copy of Creators of the Galaxy!
https://mymeshara.wixsite.com/nethersouls


ABOUT THE AUTHOR



Rebecca Jose was born and raised in the mountains of Eastern Kentucky in a small town called Whitesburg.  Her grandmother was a very talented lady who painted portraits, built wood furniture, crocheted, sewed, and many other crafty things.  She passed some of this knowledge onto Rebecca, but she always had a passion for writing.
She was always writing short stories during her free time, and English and literature were her favorite subjects in school.  She moved to Danville Kentucky in 1997, and is still living there today.  She has written many other books that are still in the works, but The Nether Souls was a project that she has been working on since high school.
She is happily married with grown kids, “adopted” kids, and grandkids.  She is very family oriented, and loves to spend time with her family whenever she can.  She cooks thanksgiving dinner for her family every year, and loves it when her house is full of happy stomachs!
The Nether Souls series is a project that she plans on working on for a very long time to come.  As long as it makes people happy and entertained to read her stories, she will continue writing forever!


THANK YOU FOR READING MY STORY!!
