

Crossing Boundaries


Miles for Love Series


Sandra Alex

Keep in touch with the author by Subscribing.

ISBN 978-1-989427-22-4
ISBN 978-1-989427-21-7

Copyright © 2020 Sandra Alex
All rights reserved.

Table of Contents
CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
CHAPTER 12
CHAPTER 13
CHAPTER 14
CHAPTER 15
CHAPTER 16
CHAPTER 17
CHAPTER 18
CHAPTER 19
CHAPTER 20
CHAPTER 21
CHAPTER 22
CHAPTER 23
CHAPTER 24
CHAPTER 25
CHAPTER 26
CHAPTER 27
CHAPTER 28
CHAPTER 29
CHAPTER 30
CHAPTER 31
CHAPTER 32
CROSSING OCEANS 
THE FORD BROTHERS SERIES
EXTENDED EPILOGUE
CROSSING OCEANS - SAMPLE
DID YOU ENJOY THIS BOOK?
AUTHOR'S NOTE



Chapter 1
Kayla

It was a struggle.  After ten years I finally did it.  Not one day passed when I ever considered doing the unthinkable, even though Nick did it all the time without a second thought.  As I stand in front of my dresser, clad in layers of clothes I haven't worn since?well, never mind since when.  Luckily, they still fit, and so does my wedding ring.  Pulling it off my finger, I realize that in nearly ten years of marriage, not once did I take my wedding band off.  Underneath it, the skin is flat and shiny, like I've been sitting on my finger for an hour.  My whole hand looks odd and feels no better.  Nick never wore his wedding ring, or at least, he did when he had to, during family events and pictures and things, but the moment he was home, off it came.  He hated wearing it.  I hated that he hated wearing it.  It's stupid, I know.  A lot of things about our marriage were stupid.  
Like the whole idea that I could go back to school when our mortgage was paid.  Nick changed the rules the second that happened.  And that, my friends, was stupid.  Fine, he came into some money when his favorite uncle died, but hell, he wanted that house paid for just as badly as I did.  How was I supposed to know that him paying it off with his inheritance didn't count as part of our agreement.  I've been stuck in this crappy office job for long enough.  The job was a consolation prize for going back to work after taking time off to help Nick start a business.  When that didn't pan out, back to work I went?carrying a five-year gap in my resume.  Not so hot looking when you don't have a house full of kids that you spent said five years raising to show for it.  Especially when you have to pretty up your real story?that your husband started a business?and ran it into the ground?with your help, of course.  The only way out of that predicament is to go back to school and refresh your education, or in my case, start all over again, like I'd been promised.  That was two years ago.  
Listening to my cell phone ring in my purse, which is sitting on my bed, I know my girlfriends are waiting for me at the club.  They tried to convince me to start drinking at my house, but that idea was kyboshed because I'm such a pathetic lightweight.  One glass of wine and my friends will be peeling me off the ceiling.  That's why they don't take me out drinking often.  But tonight is an exception.  Tonight, nobody cares if they have to hold my hair up while I puke with pride, or keep me from doing other unthinkable things that I tend to do when I've had too much to drink by my standards.  Which means?a second glass of wine.  Tonight is my first night being single again.  After ten years of marriage, I get to start all over again.  Lucky me.  Most of my friends are thrilled, since most of them are single except one, my best friend, whose marriage rivalled my own in the good days.  
Picking up my phone I see that it's Heather, my best friend.  I pick up the call.  "Hey.  I'm just about ready.  I'll be there in about ten minutes."
"I'm coming in." she says with a slight gasp.  "The lineup at the bar is crazy and I can't wait?I have to pee."
I giggle.  "That's why I love you.  You're the only one with a bladder smaller than mine."
"Shut up and open your door."
Hanging up, I run downstairs and open the door.  Heather is doing a cute little pee dance as I open it.  I laugh but she playfully shoves me to the side and dashes for the guest bathroom at the entrance.  Moments later, I can hear a healthy stream in the toilet.  "Jesus, did you start drinking already?"
"No." she answers breathlessly behind the door.  "Barry bought me one of those fucking green tea things and I couldn't say no.  I drank the thing down before I left.  How was I supposed to know that it would go through me like fire?"
I snort a laugh.  "What would you have done if I met you at the bar?"
"There would be a trickle of pee running down my leg.  Either that or the tidy bushes in front of the place would get a decent watering."
Heather appears from the loo; relief washes over her face.  Slightly overweight, but beautifully plump, my best girl rocks makeup like it's been done professionally.  Heather's always had a knack for getting her face perfect.  Me, my best feature is my hair.  It's long and brown, and as thick as it was when I was in my twenties.  I'm not photogenic, even though my friends say I'm blind and self-deprecating.  "Megan thinks you're gonna chicken out." Heather says, tipping her chin upward.
"Na, I thought about flaking." I frown.  "But it's not in me."
"Never was." Heather rubs my arm.  "How are you doing?" she asks honestly.
"Fine.  Papers arrived today as expected." I shrug.  My nonchalance towards my divorce is almost frightening to some, including myself.  I hold my left hand out to her and show her the void on my ring finger.  
Her mouth opens wide, in surprise.  "Holy shit!  Good for you, girl!" glancing at my hand, she shakes her head.  "I can't believe how strong you are."
"I'm not strong, I'm just looking forward to the next step." I declare.  "You know how badly I've wanted to go to school.  Class starts in a couple of weeks, and I'm so excited I can't even sleep."
"I know how bad you wanted to go.  You've always dreamed of this.  I'm so proud of you." Another arm rub.  "It's just too bad you couldn't do it sooner."
"Well, I had to wait until all this settled.  Focus is important, not only in school, but in life.  I didn't want to set myself up to fail, you know?"
"I know." She gives me a tight-lipped smile, and then gives me the once-over.  "You still have those things?" she's referring to my jeans, the tightest ones I have.  Commonly referred to back in my previous single days as my 'picking up guys pants'.  Which I never did, by the way.  I just liked to call them that.
"Yes, I still have these.  Why?  Are they ugly, or crossing some wardrobe boundary that I'm somehow unaware of?"
Heather crosses her arms over her chest in mock defiance.  "No.  They're just?old."
"So?"
"So?I figured you'd buy yourself something new."
"Why?  These still fit fine."
"Shut up." She scoffs, pulling at her size fourteen jeans.  "Yeah, I'm jealous.  I suppose if I were in your shoes, I'd be in a lot more trouble." She looks at me, feigning irritation at my appearance.  "You, on the other hand, haven't aged a day or gained an ounce.  I hate you."
"Yeah, I hate you, too." I pat her on the back.  "Let's go before I lose my nerve."
Deidre, Hayley and Ryanne are keeping a spot for us in line when we arrive.  The nightclub is packed; music oozes from the place just loud enough that we can dance to it and still hold a conversation.  My stomach is roiling with both nerves and excitement; it's been a long time since I've been out dancing and drinking.  Heather can sense my trepidation.  "I know?I'll be fine." I lift a defensive hand.
Hayley, my bombshell blonde friend, catches on.  "Girl, I'm getting you a drink straight up, the moment we get in there." Two guys are already ogling her in her tight, low cut shirt.  Hayley's left arm is covered in tattoos; symbolic, since she swears she'll never have anything else on her left hand or arm to dress it up with; her choice.  The girl is way too wild to settle down; she's traveled the world and has had so many partners I can't keep track.  But Hayley has a heart of gold and has picked me up many times when I've been down.  She's also the one who told me to wear the tight jeans.  
Finally, twenty minutes later, we're in the club.  Hayley exercises her sexual muscle and heads straight for the bar, elbowing her way in, giving goo-goo eyes to every guy in her way.  We toast our first glass of wine, standing close enough to the bar as we chat, and I finally feel my nerves unhinge.  The dance floor is starting to fill, and Deidre, my horny friend, is already getting eye contact from some blonde sitting at a table by the bar.  
Ryanne and Heather stand next to me, smiling at me.  "What?" I ask.
Ryanne chuckles.  "I just never thought I'd see the day."
"What day?"
"The day that you're single again.  Finally rid of that half-witted numb nuts."  Did I mention that Ryanne couldn't stand Nick?  Never mind?
"I'm sure your heart bleeds." 
"For him it does." Ryanne says facetiously.  "He lost the best thing that ever happened to him.  All because he was too much of a jackass to keep a promise." She takes another sip of wine.  "Makes me wonder just how many more promises to you he broke."
Heather sighs.  "Are we here to ruminate or have fun?" she downs the last of her wine and prompts me to finish mine, by lifting her hand under the foot of my goblet.  As I toss it back, Hayley's face breaks into a sly smile like the Cheshire Cat.
"You want another one?" Hayley asks, still smiling.
"Are you going to be responsible for what I do?" I ask, matter-of-factly.
"Hell?yes." she says, emphasizing the yes.  Heather, who usually gives me the knowing, motherly look, smiles at me.  
"So, I take it a second glass is in order then?" I ask Heather.
"Live it up, girl.  After the last few years, you've got a lot of catching up to do." Heather answers.  Hayley winks at me.  Deidre is over at the table, talking to the blonde, completely forgetting about me and why we're here, momentarily.
Even though my insides already feel like Jello, and I'm warmed from head to toe, I smile and lift my arm in the air, signalling to the bartender to give me another white wine.  Ten minutes later, we're on the dance floor.  My long hair is tied up in a knot on the top of my head, as I wipe the sweat off my neck.  The red linen shirt I'm wearing is sticking to me, as is the white camisole underneath.  But the wine has hit me full tilt, and the music is calling to me.  I can't remember having this much fun?ever.  My body is moving to the music better than it ever has, or at least that's what I'd like to believe, although the wine could be to credit here.  
I tell the girls that I'm going to the washroom and expect one of them to chaperone me, but they don't, so I head over to the left of the dance floor to relieve myself.  Thankfully, there is no lineup, so I'm in and finished in a matter of five minutes, including giving myself time to splash cold water on the back of my neck.  I take my hair down, noticing that it looks ridiculous up like that.  But I keep the elastic around my wrist, knowing that it'll be back up once I start dancing again.  Checking my watch as I walk out of the bathroom, I slam straight into some guy walking across the washroom entrance.  
?and he's the most beautiful man I've ever seen in my life?.by the way.  But that could be the wine again.  Either way, he's jaw-dropping gorgeous, with soft-looking, dark brown hair, full lips, blue eyes, and a body that looks like he spends most of his time at the gym.  Just the type of guy my mother always told me to steer clear of. Just the opposite of the type of guy I married and stayed miserably married to for ten years.  He splutters out an 'excuse me', touching my arm as he utters those two beautiful words from his full mouth.  As he touches me, our eyes lock for a second, and I don't realize it at first, but I'm smiling at him.  His baby blues look at my lips for an instant, and then his mouth turns up slightly into a smile, mirroring my expression.  "Sorry about that." His voice is deep but not guttural.  
"No, th?that's my fault.  I wasn't watching where I was going." I stutter, adjusting my watch.  I hadn't noticed the time at all.  
He tips his chin downward in thanks or goodbye, I'm not sure what, and he walks away from me.  My eyes don't leave him as he walks over to the dance floor, standing on the sidelines by the handrail with a gang of his friends.  He looks back at me once, and it's like I'm frozen in place.  Suddenly it occurs to me that I'm not married anymore.  I'm single again.  And I have no idea what to do.  Nick is only the second guy I ever dated, and I married him.  The first guy I dated for six years.  Before that, I have no recollection of how to be around a man, aside from just being friends.  My heart starts to pound.  For the first time in ten years, I'm scared.  What if I don't know how to act around a guy anymore?  What if I never meet anyone else?  What if I'm ruined and I can't survive in another relationship?  
"What did you do, swallow a bird?" Hayley asks.  I hadn't heard or seen her approach.  Breaking out of my reverie, I look at the dance floor, and see Heather and Ryanne dancing together.  The handsome guy has melted into the crowd and I can't see him anymore.  Was he a figment of my imagination?
"I?I?just?I bumped into this beautiful man?and that's it.  It hit me." I say, bopping myself on the head with the heel of my hand.
"What hit you?"
"The fact that I'm on the market again, and I haven't got a single idea what to do with that fact." I lightly scoff.
"One day at a time, my friend." Hayley says.  "Come on.  You need another drink." She takes my hand and we walk to the bar, just as Bon Jovi's 'Livin' on a Prayer' comes on.  The song is so symbolic for me right now, I leave her and trot through the throng of people trying to get to the floor, finally finding Heather and Ryanne rocking away.  Getting caught up in the music, I let my body do what it wants, and I let my vocal cords do what they want, as I sing and dance my ass off, forgetting about all my troubles and worries.  When the song is over, Hayley is at my side, with a fresh glass of wine.  I take two sips and Journey's 'Lovin', Touchin', Squeezin' comes on.  This is the sexiest song ever in my mind, especially now that I'm completely hammered.  Tossing down the last of my third glass of wine, I hand Hayley my glass and pull the elastic from my wrist, tying my hair up.
The girls are looking at me funny, but I don't care.  I feel the music reverberating through my veins.  I start dancing very provocatively, as if a pole were in front of me?or a man?but we'll go with pole, since I wouldn't have a clue what to do with a man right now, even though I desperately want to be with one in this moment.  Especially the hunk I saw or think I saw moments ago.  Did I mention drinking to me is like taking a shot of Spanish Fly?  Hence Nick never letting me drink in his presence.  But he's not here now, is he?  During the first chorus, I slowly shimmy my body down to the floor and sweep back up in a move that most strippers use in their routines.  When I'm standing erect, I pull the tie from my hair as I set my head back slowly, allowing my hair to pool down my back, using another stripper move.  
The girls are whistling at me, spurring me on.  When I turn around, I pull at the hem of my shirt, and slowly, seductively slip it over my head, revealing my camisole underneath.  What are you doing?  Are you crazy?  This isn't a strip club!  Heather catches it as I toss it into the air in front of me.  I feel eyes on me, and I notice that Mr. Handsome is watching me.  So, you weren't a figment of my imagination, after all.  Feeling brave, I lift my hand and wiggle my inverted index finger at him, indicating for him to come to me.  He smiles and sets his beer on the ledge.  He has one friend on either side of him; they're not quite as cute, but not bad, either.  They watch him walk towards me on the dance floor.  
When he reaches me, I rest my arms on his shoulders, wiggling my body against his.  His smile mirrors mine as I shimmy down his body and then turn around, so my back is facing his front.  Wrapping my arms around his neck from behind, I sweep from side to side, making sure I'm rubbing against him.  I feel his arms snake around my waist as he moves with me.  His hair is so soft, I can't help but run my hands through it from behind.  The back of his neck is so goddamn kissable, I want to go give him a million hickies.  His hot breath is on my cheek as we dance back to front.  The final verse comes, and I turn around to face him, worried that he's going to scurry away the second that it's over, and I plant a kiss on his lips.  A small one, but enough for him to take notice.  He doesn't have enough time to respond fully, but I get half a kiss in return.  I hear Hayley whistle beside me, egging me on.  Mr. Handsome's eyes slide down to my lips, as if giving me permission to make such a ballsy move again, and I do.  This time I make it count.  Skipping the soft, chaste second kiss, I slide into third, and open my mouth, slipping my tongue inside, hoping like hell that his is there to greet me.  
His mouth tastes remotely like beer, which isn't as displeasing as I thought it would be.  Even though I'm kissing him like my life depends on it, he's responding with ease, as if trying to slow me.  It's as sexy as hell.  Hayley isn't cheering me on, which leads me to believe that she's fainted.  I know Heather has, and Deidre is probably hitting on at least one of his friends up by the railing, Ryanne taking the other.  Mr. Handsome is kissing me old school style, with his lips not leaving mine.  The song changes to a slow one, and his hands, which were already on my waist, wrap around to the small of my back, as if morphing into position.  My hands are all in his hair as we slowly kiss in time to the music. My thighs are soaked, and my breasts are thumping to the beat of my heart, mirroring the beat I feel?there.  
Never thought I'd make out like a teenager with a complete stranger.  But here I am.  Drunk as ever, newly single, freshly divorced.  Ask me if I have a clue what I'm doing?I'll say no.  Will I remember this horrible mistake in the morning?  Probably not.  
What I will remember, however, is the scathing glare I get when I finally open my eyes, drunk from both wine and hormones, and see Nick, my now ex-husband, standing directly across from me.

Chapter 2
Daniel
So, I received my grades back a week ago and my brother didn't bother to tell me.  Turns out I failed a class and missed the opportunity to take it during regular school hours, leaving me the only option of taking it part-time, at night.  Lovely.  My younger brother Christopher lives with me while his house is being built.  Perish the thought of him living with our parents again, God forbid.  Instead, he has to make my life a living hell.  Now I understand why the guy is still single.  He's an asshole.  Why am I still single, you ask?  Because I've been in school since Christ was a cowboy, that's why.  When I'm not in school, I'm interning at the hospital, and before that I was in the military.  I've taken the long ride through medical school, only because my dad got sick and my mother had a nervous breakdown in the process.  Yeah, my dad got sick while I was in medical school.  Irony.  Just what I live for.
Now that everyone is well again, to an extent, I'm finishing my education in hopes of opening my own practice.  I'm studying to become a physiatrist, in case you were wondering.  It's a term that means that I look after sick people in hopes of rehabilitating them from whatever ailment they have: anything from Scoliosis to Rheumatoid Arthritis.  Right now, in my internship, I'm working with a renowned surgeon who specializes in procedures to aid in healing such conditions.  And when I'm not studying or working, I'm at the gym offsite or at home.  I'm a fanatic on health, hence the field of study.  
My dad is a retired military surgeon, and my mom, when she was well, was an obstetrician.  Christopher is also in school, studying to be a general practitioner.  He's taking the low road.  Ask why he didn't help out in my parent's time of need?  Because he's a little momma's boy and couldn't grow a pair during a family crisis.  My other two brothers and my sister are in the military, following in my dad's footsteps.  I served until my dad got sick; just in time for my deployment to be complete.  My other siblings were still on the front lines.  Christopher did his first couple of years in the service, but he never was deployed and came home when his mission was finished.  I considered going back to finish my education in the military, like my dad and my other siblings did, but the thought of leaving Christopher here, in case dad or mom fell ill again, left me feeling unsettled.  
So, I'm taking the slow road.  This night school course puts the icing on the cake.  Christopher walks into the kitchen just as I'm just receiving a confirmation email from the college with my course information.  "Thanks, asshole.  I owe you one." I say, not hiding the hateful tone.
"What's your problem?" he asks, dumbfounded, picking a banana out of the fruit bowl in front of me.  
"When you checked the mail a few weeks back, did I get something?oh, I don't know...from UNC?"
He chews arrogantly with his mouth open.  "Oh, yeah.  Shit, what was it?"
"A letter letting me know that I have to retake a course." I'm so pissed off at him I can't look at him.
"You failed a course?" he asks, showing an inkling of concern.
"It was when dad was sick. I missed too many classes and since dad didn't die?"  I trail off.  
"Sorry, man.  It must have been the day I got into it with my architect."
"Oh yeah?while we're on the subject?when is your place going to be ready?" I say with a facetious edge, as if to say the sooner the better.
"You tired of me already, big brother?" he elbows me in the shoulder as he goes to the garbage to throw the banana peel out.
"I was tired of you before you even moved in." 
"I would never have guessed." Christopher is flippant.  "It should be done by the end of the month."
Raking my hands through my hair, I draw in a deep breath and let it out.  "Thank God."
"I'm not that bad, am I?" he elbows me again as he walks out of the kitchen.  I glare at him, but he doesn't look back.  Two minutes later, he returns.  "So, when do you have to make up the class?"
"The class starts in a couple of weeks.  Part-time bullshit.  This should be fun.  Spoiled rotten kids who couldn't cut it.  Good luck doing assignments and shit with them.  Hey, you want to take the course, too?  Be my wingman?"
He lifts his brows.  "I would, but I've got enough of my own shit to look after.  What's the course?" 
I tell him and he shakes his head.  "That's not even part of my curriculum.  Sorry, brother."
"Of course not." 
Christopher pats my shoulder.  "You're so uptight, man.  Do you need to get laid or something?"
I wince and look away from him, in disgust.  "You're a pig."
"Well, do you?  I could hook you up." Christopher offers.  
"That's creepy on so many levels I don't even know where to start." I say, rising, walking away from him.  
"How about we go club hopping then?  I know Peter's been looking for an opportunity to get his dick wet, too, man.  You up for that?"
I want to puke every time he uses that statement.  "You talk like this around girls?" 
He waves me off.  "You're off tonight.  Why don't we go?  You could use a little break, man.  I can tell."
I have been pulling a lot of shifts at the hospital lately.  On top of studying and cleaning up after my asshole brother, I haven't done anything fun for a while, I'll admit.  Even though I'm not even remotely in the mood for it, I know getting out of the house wouldn't hurt me in the least.  "I'll go for a beer, but that's it."
Six hours later, after a nap, a shower, and a great meal compliments of Christopher, to my surprise, we're at a dance club.  Not my idea of fun.  My thoughts were a sports pub or something on a smaller scale.  This is a meat market playing to the beat of every eighties song you can find on iTunes.  The place is packed so tight, the only place we can find to hang out is leaning on a handrail overlooking the dance floor.  Christopher's friend Peter is wearing so much cheap cologne I have to breathe out of my mouth to avoid a full-blown headache.  
The music is pounding through my head, but thankfully the beer is dulling the pain.  Christopher and Peter are pointing out girls that they think are attractive.  None of them do a thing for me so far.  Sometimes I wonder if that part of my brain has been permanently shut off.  It's been neglected for so long I wouldn't be surprised.  Christopher brings me a second beer, and things start to look up a bit.  There is a group of girls in viewing distance, dancing on the floor.  One girl looks like she belongs in a strip joint, not a dance club, as she's covered in tattoos and sporting bleached blonde hair.  The other girl is chubby but at least she looks more respectful than her blonde friend.  One girl is hitting on another guy and being oh-so-subtle with her hand gestures.  The girl who catches my eye has her hair up on top of her head in a tidy little knot.  She's respectfully dressed in a shirt that covers everything, with jeans just tight enough to show off her cute little bum.  I watch her while she seems to plummet into drunkenness, sip by sip.  
"I'll be back." I say, excusing myself to go the washroom.  My plan is to go and then leave this place, before the second beer kicks in.  This place is lame and I'm so not in the mood.  Christopher had the right idea, but I've got too much on my mind to be thinking about picking up a girl; especially at a place like this.  As I walk out of the restroom, I smack right into the brunette I saw on the dance floor.  Her hair is down, pooling around her shoulders and down her breasts.  She's got hazel eyes that stand out a mile, without a drop of makeup.  Her teeth are straight as a pin as she smiles at me.  I stammer an apology and she does the same, as I realize I'm touching her arm.  Although she doesn't seem bothered, I remove it, and nod goodbye to her.  
Christopher's eyes are on me as I return to my post.  "Who's the brunette?" he asks.  
I look back at her, while she's still standing in the same spot.  "Bumped into her?literally."
"Maybe you'll bang into her later." Christopher winks and Peter chuckles.
I roll my eyes and try to ignore the disgusting comment, but I can't help but notice that she's running onto the dance floor as a Bon Jovi tune comes on.  Looks like the wine is doing its job based on how her body is moving.  Not to discredit her, but she's definitely not a professional, and thank God for that.  Christopher and Peter are chuckling, watching her little makeshift strip tease.  "She's hot.  Gotta admit that." Peter says.  I choose not to comment, even though I'm thinking that aside from the obvious drunkenness, that she's got a thing or two going for her. 
Suddenly the song changes and she spots me, and motions for me to go to her.  Peter and Christopher smirk at me.  That second beer has kicked in poignantly and she's not taking no for an answer.  Her friends are whistling, encouraging her to do what she's doing.  I play along as I approach her.  Arms snaked around my neck, this girl starts grinding her body into mine, making me feel things I haven't felt since Tracy in high school, the girl I had my first sexual experience with, and several thereafter.  I'm no dancer, but we're not really dancing.  It's more swaying erotically to the music.  
When she turns her back to me, her ass is suddenly rubbing up against?well, things that appear slightly larger than they did a minute or so ago.  Her arms snake around my neck again, as she plays with the hair at my neckline, giving me shivers.  As if that wasn't enough erotica for a guy for one night, she kisses me.  Quickly at first, but then her tongue is in my mouth?and I'm lost.  Normally I wouldn't play along with such a public display, but her mouth is so?soft?delicious?tempting.  Suddenly, I'm back in high school with Tracy, making out behind the bushes by the track and field asphalt.  We're kissing for what seems like hours, when she finally pulls back, and her eyes widen.  
There's a dude behind me, looking like he's about to punch my lights out.  Or hers.  It's difficult to tell, but I stick around for a minute, just to make sure that she's okay.  When she starts screaming at him, I walk away, thinking I'm so outta here and I'm never coming back or doing anything like this ever again.  My hard-on is gone for good, to say the least.  At least that's one last thing l won't have to deal with tonight.  Peter and Christopher are already waiting for me at the front.  They don't ask any questions.  They know this is done. 
?but not for good.  

Chapter 3
Kayla
Nick's face turned from rage to crushed in a matter of seconds after Mr. Handsome left.  He said he was there with friends and denied stalking me, which I believe.  Nick isn't the clingy type.  Nor the possessive type.  As much as I hate to admit it, this divorce has been as tough on him as it has been on me.  This was just a wrong-place-at-the-wrong-time kind of situation.  Besides, from what I understand, I think Nick already has a girlfriend.  Why would he be stalking me if that were true?  Sure, it would be upsetting to see me sucking face with a guy ten times better looking than him on the exact day that our divorce was final, but he wouldn't have been following me, searching for reasons to vent.  Nick is already over me.  So over me.  If I'm honest with myself, I think he was seeing a girl long before we actually separated, but I'd never ask him.  All the signs were there.  We had zero sexual relations for the last year we were together.  In the end, I guess I didn't care anymore.  I knew we were done.
When Nick left with his friends, he didn't look back.  The girls tried to talk me into staying for a few more songs, but I'd had enough.  My head was swimming and I already felt like I wanted to puke.  
"You want me to stay with you tonight?" Heather asks as we pull up to my house.  I don't remember how I answer.  All I remember is waking up next to the toilet bowl in the early morning hours.  My face is pressed onto the floor, cold as the porcelain tile.  My head pounds and I want to die from both shame and from drinking way over my limit.  
"Some friend you are." I groan as I lift my head off the floor.  Hairs from my head are stuck to my dry lips, and I pull them away, feeling my head pound.  I hear Heather move around in my bed, but she doesn't respond immediately.
"What are you talking about?  I held your head for the first round." She giggles.
"You suck.  You all suck.  I'm never doing that again." I lift off the floor, feeling like I'm a hundred years old.
"Alright, alright.  I admit it wasn't the best idea.  But at least you got to make out for a bit?with an exceptionally handsome guy, who was built like a brick shit house, I'll add."
Sitting on the edge of my bed, I run a hand through my disheveled hair.  "Just what my mission in life is." Sarcasm drips from my voice.
"Well, that part of the night was fun, wasn't it?" Heather pokes.
"Fine.  It was fun.  But not the aftermath."
"Come on.  You'll never see the guy again.  What's the big deal?"
I sigh, resting my head on the pillow.  "The deal is I'm not doing that again.  I can't handle alcohol; I make a complete ass out of myself.  Who knows what would have happened had Nick not shown up.  I might have slept with him, you know.  That's the last thing I need."
"Or the first." Heather teases.
"Look, I don't need anything other than a fresh start, and I'm getting that.  Far as I'm concerned everything else will fall into place." I say as my cell phone starts ringing.  I'm surprised it didn't ring while we were out last night, but no news is good news.  As soon as I pick up the call, I know my plan to go back to bed has been kyboshed.  "Mom, what's wrong?" I say, my tone is clipped with concern.
"I'm at the hospital, Kayla.  The doctor's been in to see me already.  Just thought I would let you know.  I think I'm okay."
"Jesus Christ, mom.  Why didn't you call me?"
"I am calling you, sweetie.  I knew you were out last night.  You need a break, baby.  I didn't want to bother you until I had to."
My mom has been sick for a long time.  Not with just one thing, but several.  Most of her illnesses have been ongoing since childhood.  I'm lucky to have been born, frankly.  And she's lucky to still be alive.  Between heart problems, mobility issues, and the fact that she's blind, my poor mom has spent more time in hospital than she has at home in the last five years.  The doctors told her ten years ago that she'd have a year to live after her first heart attack and open-heart surgery.  Hence the hurried wedding with Nick.  My mom wanted grandchildren and believe me, we tried, but nothing ever happened.  Nick swears it's my fertility, but we never had it checked, or his, for that matter.
"What happened?  Was your blood pressure high again?"
"I fainted.  They sent me in right away, bless them." The 'they' that mom is referring to are the staff at the long-term health care facility that she lives at.  We considered having her live with us, but mom's health is so precarious, she needs around the clock attention.  
"Give me a half hour. I'm on my way." I hang up and look at Heather. She's as used to this routine as I am. 
"Want some company?" She offers. 
"Up to you." I say, running to the shower.
"You hungry?" Heather asks. 
"I'd rather die than eat right now." I shudder, feeling slight relief a few minutes later as the warm water runs down my back and through my hair. I want to drink the shower water I'm so dehydrated, and I know I've committed a class A no-no as far as my health is concerned. Luckily, I've inherited none of my mother's health problems, but I've always vowed to myself that I would take special care because good health should never be taken for granted. 
Twenty minutes later we're in Heather's car on our way to the hospital.  Mom is her typical self when we arrive. She acts like there isn't anything wrong and I love her for that. Mom has never been the type to sit and pity herself, which is probably why she's lived as long as she has. I give her a kiss on the cheek, and she smiles at me. "Did you have fun last night?"
Heather elbows me in the ribs and I give her a look. "Yes. I had a little too much to drink. But it was fun."
"You didn't have to hurry over here, sweetie. The home could have picked me up."
I scoff.  "Oh, that's rich, mom. Your hungover daughter had so much fun she couldn't take care of her mother. That would go down in history very badly. Not happening." I cut the air with my hand for emphasis. 
"You're allowed to live, too, dear." Mom says as if what I've just said is ridiculous. 
"I am living, mom. I'm going back to school, remember?"
"I remember." Mom says. "Did you meet anyone last night?"  Ever hopeful, mom still dreams of being a grandma. 
"No, mom." I lie?technically. Let's face it, I didn't even get the guy's name and I'll never see him again. 
"Your divorce final?" She asks. 
"As of yesterday.  That's why the girls took me out to celebrate."
I give Heather a look and she winks at me. 
"It's not too late for kids, Kayla." Mom reminds me. I detect a slight warning in her tone. "I know it was Nick who couldn't conceive. Your father and I got pregnant by sharing the same soap."
I bark out a laugh and Heather doesn't hold hers in. 
"Mom, you're a card. And I'm not hopping into bed with the first guy I meet just so you can have a grandchild." I playfully push her shoulder, so she knows that I'm teasing her as she's teasing me. 
"I never said anything about the first guy." She retracts flippantly. 
"Stop it, mom." I laugh. 
Her face turns serious. "Kayla, I don't know how long I'm gonna be here."
"Here we go." I sigh. 
"Now, stop."  Mom bats the air and I know she's looking for my arm, but I'm too far away for her to reach me, even if she could see. "I've been on borrowed time since you were born. You need to find someone who wants the same things as you do, and who will support you through thick and thin." She pauses for breath. 
"Mom, rest. You're going to wear yourself out." 
She draws in a breath and I help her put the oxygen mask on her face. "I'm fine.  I just needed to catch my breath." Her voice through the mask sounds like she's talking through a tunnel.  
I sigh and sit next to her, as Heather shoves two chairs over her way.  As I hold my mom's hand, she continues.  "Now, I'll admit, when I met your father, I didn't know what I was doing, either.  Neither of us did, for that matter, which is probably why he left after you were born." Which crushed mom, by the way.  She already had a short list of health problems before I came along.  After dad left, as my gramma once told me, her health problems tripled.  Gramma Mary is still alive, and spry for a seventy-six-year old.  She visits mom often, when she isn't traveling the world with her third husband, that is.
Mom continues after drawing in another deep breath.  "I never liked that Nick, anyway, if you want the truth."
"Really?" I move closer to her. "I always thought you liked him."
Mom shakes her head slightly.  "The man is a coward.  He did everything for all the wrong reasons.  Including marrying you."
"You think our marriage was a mistake?"
Heather is hunkering in, getting way too into this conversation for my liking.  It's becoming more and more apparent that not many in my circle liked my ex-husband.  
"I think he married you out of guilt." She lifts a finger.  "And don't think you weren't partly to blame for that.  You made him feel like if he didn't marry you before I died, that you never would."
Mom has a way of being very poignant and honest, and not sugar-coating anything?ten years after the fact. "And you never told me this?why?"
"Well, I wanted you to get married and have kids, of course."
"So, you went ahead and let me get married, even though you knew it was a mistake?"
She opens her mouth.  "Did you think you would listen to me if I told you then?"
Heather pipes up.  "Kayla, take it easy.  Don't upset your mother."
I ignore her.  "Probably, mom." My voice raises an octave. "You know I always take you seriously."
"In that case I should have told you to leave him, too, then." 
I feel a lump in my throat but swallow it down. "Yes. Yes, you should have."
We're interrupted by a nurse entering the room. "Well, Mrs. White. Shall we check you over again and get you outta here?" The nurse says. She looks like she won't take no for an answer but would persuade kindly. 
"Sure. This is my daughter Kayla and her best friend Heather. They'll take me back to the home."
Funny how adding the word 'the' in front of 'home' can bastardize the word so badly. Every time she uses that term my heart breaks a little. The doctor releases her twenty minutes later, and we take her back. It's so hard leaving her, but I'm finally used to it after all these years. She's so exhausted she falls asleep before we leave, making me feel a little more at ease. 
On the drive back to my place, Heather turns to me. "I know this is probably neither the time nor the place to ask you this, but, is your mom's funeral and that kinda stuff all arranged?"
I wave her off.  "Years ago. She wouldn't have it any other way. Even blind that woman has been so self-sufficient. She's even paid for the funeral and everything. I just have to show up."
Heather raises a brow. "Wow. How long did it take you to be able to say that without crying?"
I sigh. "It's part of my life.  There's no point in dwelling on it.  I'm lucky to have had my mom for as long as I have.  I'm thankful for every additional day."
Heather reaches over and pats my shoulder.  "You're one of a kind, Kayla.  That's why I love you."
"Yeah, well?get your fill of me now.  In a couple of weeks, I'll be so busy with work and school I'll barely have time for you."
She just smiles at me.  Two weeks later, my life is about to change?in more ways than one.

Chapter 4
Daniel
The exhaustion has set in so strongly that I almost forget I have to leave to start my godawful course.  Pulling shifts at the hospital has been such a bitch in the last few weeks.  It's great for my hours, but it's also killer on me.  Hopefully this course isn't so boring that I fall asleep.  Turns out I'm one of the first to arrive, so I choose a seat at the side of the class, against the wall, and pray I'll fade in with the rest of the students.  There are only two other kids in there, and they look as thick as thieves, sitting with their heads so close together that you can barely tell them apart.
Class starts in ten minutes.  This isn't looking good.  Either there is so little enrolment, or most of the kids are going to skip the first class, and hence, skip many more thereafter, barely earning them a passing grade.  Wonderful.  Just what I expected.  And just as I'm about to lose hope completely, more students begin milling in about three minutes later.  They all look about as thrilled to be here as I do.  Only difference is that I plan on acing this class, whether or not I have to bust heads to do it.  I take my career very seriously and nothing is going to get in my way.
The class is more than half full, when things start looking up.  I pull my binder out of my bag and the assigned textbook, which I've already perused, and I open to the first page in my binder, writing down today's date on it.  When someone comes in and sits at the desk in front of me; another guy, and I tip my head in greeting.  He looks to be about my age, maybe by a year or two.  His hair is cut shorter than mine, and he looks pastier than me, but his t-shirt is what draws me to him.  It's bright orange, and on the front of it, there is a skeleton behind bars, with an evil smile on its face.  The caption reads, 'you hurt my daughter, know that I'll rock the orange suit'.  
I smile at him, gesturing with my chin towards the garment.  "What, did you lose a bet or something?"
He rolls his eyes and chuckles.  "Na, I had another shirt on top, but I spilled coffee on it ten minutes ago." It's September, and too warm for a jacket, which would have been a safer bet.  "The bookstore is closed, otherwise I'd have picked up another shirt in there.  It's not so much the image, but the bright orange that draws attention to it."  He holds his hand out for me to shake.  "Greg."
"Daniel." I say, shaking his hand.  "So, I take it you've got kids?"
He takes a seat and turns around to face me.  "Just one.  Shyla.  She's four. Just started Junior Kindergarten.  You?"
"Nope.  Just me."
"Single?"
"Yeah, you?"
"Yeah.  Shyla lives with my ex-girlfriend.  I see her enough though."
"The kid or the ex?" I joke with a slight chuckle.
"The kid." He smiles as the teacher walks in and takes a seat at the front table, resting a briefcase on the floor.  He's carrying a binder, overstuffed with loose papers, and a pen is tucked behind his ear.  Glancing at the clock, I notice it's almost time to start.  The class isn't full yet.  There are about five seats empty; all in the first and second rows.  
"Looks like it's a full house." Greg comments, looking around the room.  "No eye candy here, either." 
I give him a look.  "You here to pick up chicks?" 
He angles his head slightly.  "Can't hurt."
I roll my eyes at his response as another student walks in?I have to look twice.  "Shit." I murmur under my breath.
"Well, lookie here," Greg leers at the girl that just walked in.
"Believe me, you don't want any part of that." I say, shrinking into the chair, hoping she won't see me and recognize me.  Not that she could; the last time she saw me she was so drunk she probably couldn't recite the alphabet with help.  
"You know her?" he asks, impressed.
"Not really, but she was at a bar a couple of weeks ago.  Same night I was there.  I don't know her name or anything, but she was a little?aggressive to say the least."
Greg sizes her up as she hurriedly finds a vacant seat in the front and sits down.  Her brown hair is in a tidy French braid down her back, and she's wearing black jeans and a red shirt.  Respectable for the purpose.  "She's got a great ass."
"Yeah, and she'll show it to you with little effort." I say, not hiding the warning tone.  Just as she's got her books laid out on the desk, the teacher rises, closes the door, and welcomes us.
The brunette is completely transfixed on the teacher, which relieves me.  Even if she does see me, chances are that she won't remember me, I say to myself, and just resign myself to keep away from her.  I seem to be hitting it off with Greg anyway, so if any class assignments come up, he's my new partner.  The teacher writes the course name on the blackboard, as if we need reminding.  He pulls his briefcase onto the desk, opens it, and removes a stack of organized papers.  Licking his index finger, he eyes the first row and counts out a selection of the papers, handing the smaller stack to the first person in each row.  The first person starts the distribution process, until the entire class has a copy.
"This is your course outline.  It's also on the website, but I want you all to keep a copy of it in your notes at all times." The teacher's tone is clipped, and his expression is cold and flat.  "I'm Mr. Gladstone.  I haven't been sick in over twenty years of teaching, so don't ever expect that class will be canceled.  The only way they're cancelled is if it's inclement weather?or if I'm dead."
My eyes widen slightly.  This guy is a little intense for a nutrition course.  Greg turns to me and gives me a look like the guy just lifted his shirt.  Brunette looks like she wants to puke.  Her face just paled, and she set her pen down on the leaflet in front of her.  Bet she's thinking the same as me: this teacher is a lunatic.  He continues.  "The major project, worth thirty-five percent of your grade, will be due in six weeks.  I highly suggest that you do not slough it off and wait until the last two weeks to start it.  Read the outline for instructions and I recommend doing one case study per week.  That is how previous honor role students survived."
Gladstone takes out a sheet of paper that has numbers on it, pulls out a pair of scissors, and hands both to the brunette.  "Here, cut these up, will you." He tells her; he doesn't ask. She does as she's instructed and begins cutting up the little squares with numbers on them.  "What's your name, sweetheart?" he asks, but there's nothing sweet in how he asks her.
"Kayla." She answers.  Well, at least I know her name now.
"Kayla, I want you to hang on to these numbers for the rest of the course."
She tips her head downward.  "Okay." Her voice lowers an octave.  Poor girl's just been assigned as class bitch.
"Each time we have an assignment, each of you will take a number from the pile and match it to the other person in the class with the same number.  There will be no repeat partners this way.  Most of the assignments are partner-based, so pray you get a good partner."
This guy is a loon.  And so much for my plan to partner up with Greg.  "When Kayla is finished cutting up all the numbers, she'll separate them into two piles.  Half of you will pull from one pile, half of you will pull from the other pile."
"So, it's like Bingo but without money." Greg says out loud.  That gets a few laughs.  Kayla smiles slightly but doesn't look up; she looks almost terrified as she finishes cutting up the numbers. 
"I suppose if you want to look at it like that." Gladstone says.  "What's your name?"
"Greg."
I watch the brunette setting the numbers in tidy piles, not even looking up.  
"Take one of your own, Kayla, and everyone will come up and pick their numbers." Gladstone says.  "Everyone, follow Greg up to the front and collect your number.  Remember; this half picks from this pile, and this half picks from that pile." He indicates with his hands, as if we wouldn't be able to handle following along without it.
Greg stands and goes to our pile on the first desk in the third row.  I follow behind him, being careful not to walk on the side where Kayla is.  
"Alright, one by one, call out your number." Gladstone instructs as we all find our seats with our numbers in hand.  He starts with the first person from each row and they mate up with their matching number.  When it's Greg's turn, he calls out his number, and Kayla, the brunette, raises her hand.  As she walks over to him, I feel a strange reluctance with her approach.  I mean, I've kissed her, I'd even say we made out pretty hard, but as she comes over, I'm relieved that Gladstone glances at me, waiting for me to call out my number, because the proximity to her is making me feel like I want to take a shower.
"Six." I call out, and a guy in the back raises his hand and rises from his seat. I meet him halfway.
Gladstone points to another pile of papers on the desk by the door.  "This is your assignment today.  Pick it up and go wherever you want to for the next thirty minutes to work on it.  We'll reconvene then."
A short, stumpy kid, who can't be more than seventeen, walks over to me.  He has an oversized baseball cap on that has an outline of a naked woman on it.  Oh, boy.  Sticking my hand out for him to shake, I introduce myself.  His name is Kyle.  I glance at his hat while we both grab a paper.  Compared to him, I look like the lead actor in My Giant.  He catches the displeased glance at his hat and removes it, unhinging it in the back and affixing it to a belt loop in the rear of his pants.  
"You want to work out in the hallway or at these vacant desks in the back?" I ask.  He looks like he's swallowed a golf ball.  I'll admit I'm a little impressed by the fact that he seems intimidated by me.  I'm probably more than ten years his senior, and I could bench press him with one hand tied behind my back.  
"Whatever you like." Kyle says.  I feel like he's going to add 'sir' to the end of his answer, but he doesn't.  
Standing in the center of the classroom, I review our assignment.  It's so lame I can do it by myself by asking Kyle a couple of diet-related questions.  Gladstone probably just wants us to get acquainted.  Ten minutes later we reconvene and share our findings.  I do the talking for our duo, noticing that Kayla doesn't flinch or look my way when I speak.  She's too busy gathering up the numbers as Gladstone instructed her to do.  
"Alright, now everyone, switch, and partner up with the number below yours.  So, if you're a two, you go with a one, etc.  Go!" he says.  We seem to shout out our numbers, creating a bit of a scuffle that gets some laughs.  Aces to Gladstone for this idea, as it becomes a humorous, disorganized mess.  I'm a six, and when I call out five, Kayla holds up her hand, laughing.  Oh great.
I'm laughing a bit when I reach her, and I'm glad the humor has softened the scenario slightly.  She doesn't seem to recognize me at first as I hold out my hand for her to shake.  "Daniel." I say with a slight smile, "And I think everyone in the class knows that you're Kayla."
"Busted." She admits, rolling her eyes.  We grab our assignment from the front desk and review it.  It's just as lame, but a good icebreaker all the same; just like the last assignment.  We observe the classroom, which is buzzing with chatter.  Students are peppered all over the place, and it seems like there's nowhere to sit.  "Since we're by the door, we might as well go outside in the hall." She says.
"Sure." I gesture for her to go ahead.  Gladstone leaves the door open so we can hear when our time is up.  We both sit on the floor with our backs leaning up against the painted brick walls; she's on one side, I'm on the other side, a body length distance away.  
"Do I know you from somewhere?" she asks first off.  "I've seen Greg," she gestures to the door, where Greg is standing, "at the rec center where I work." She mentions the name of the center.  It's for kids.  
"No, I don't have kids.  I've never been there before."
"Oh.  Okay.  Maybe you have one of those faces." She says, trying to figure out where she knows me from.  I'm torn between letting her off the hook, since I hate it when I can't place a person; and not mentioning it, since she might die of embarrassment once I tell her.  
I decide on the latter.  "I was at the same bar you were at a couple of weeks ago." I say, keeping it casual.  Maybe she won't figure out that we danced together and made out.  
She hesitates at first, and then her eyes bug out a little as she covers her mouth, stifling a gasp.  I lift my hand in the air defensively.  "Hey, take it easy.  I know you were ploughed."
Her hands cover her face as she scrubs it, seemingly trying to figure out a way out of this?without dying.  A sigh comes from her chest and she looks at me with such a straight face I think she's going to tell me that she only has a month to live.  "Look, I'm not going to make excuses." She pauses, her expression not wavering.  "I'm going through some heavy stuff and my friends thought they were helping me." another pause.  "It was a mistake that I'd gladly take back."  Her voice has so much conviction that I believe her.  
I nod. "Fair enough." I pause.  "How about we just forget about it."
"Thank you.  That's helpful." She nods and swallows.  Her eyes haven't left mine.  I detect a little glassiness, almost an apologetic expression.  
"No problem." I say warmly, breaking eye contact.  We both peruse the assignment paper and get started.  I clear my throat and purse my lips into a smile.  "So, what kind of food allergies do you have, and can you attribute them to your family history?" I ask in my best Alex Trebek voice.
That gets a little smile.  "I'm anaphylactic for peanuts and tree nuts, and yes, I can attribute that to my mother.  You?"
I shake my head and chuckle softly.  "No.  I don't have any food allergies."  Gesturing to her forearm, which bears a Medic-Alert bracelet, I ask.  "Is that what the bracelet is for?"
She looks at it dangling from her arm.  "Yeah." She sighs.  "It's too bad they didn't have these or the knowledge that they do now back when my mom was a kid.  She might not have suffered so badly."
The look on her face says that there's much more to this story, but I don't press.  "Should I make something up?" I joke.
"Sure.  You think he's going to check?"
"He might make you check." I tease.
She scoffs. "As long as that's all I have to do." A pause.  "I should get paid by the hour to take this class."
I smile.  "It's not so bad.  At least he had a cool way of getting the class acquainted.  Normally professors just make us all stand up and," I air quote in a singsong voice.  "tell us something about yourself,"
"Yeah," she agrees, "Are you just starting up in a program?"
"Na, I'm pre-med.  This is a make-up for me."
She nods. "Ah," she draws in a deep breath, "This?is going to be a long road for me.  I'll be in school until retirement at this rate."
Gladstone calls out to the class to reconvene.  "Well, at least you'll have your little cut up numbers to get you by."
She smiles as we both rise off the floor.  I gesture for her to go ahead of me into the classroom.  
"Thanks." She says with a little wink, and I know she means it.  Suddenly I get the feeling that what I've conjured up in my head about this girl is all wrong.  

Chapter 5
Kayla
I thought? I was going?to die.  I think I'd rather die than have that experience again.  It took everything in me not to cry when I realized who this guy sitting in front of me was.  I thought I'd never see him again.  I'd rather never see him again.  And suddenly I was angry.  So angry.  At myself.  At my friends.  At Nick.  At everybody.  And I lashed out at Daniel for a moment.  I could have told him the truth, but I'm sure he's got some preconceived notion in his head that I'm some kind of slut that was just out to get laid and I ran into an ex-boyfriend or something.  But I knew that nothing I said would be believable, so I went for vague, and it worked.  Somehow, I think Daniel doesn't want to know any more about me than he needs to.  Works for me. 
We head back into class and stand together at the side of the classroom, mirroring all the other duos, and read out our answers as Gladstone points to each of us.  
"You've still got your numbers?" Daniel teases.  
"Are you trying to be cute?" I ask under my breath.  He just chuckles softly as Gladstone passes by us.  Turns out, he never asked us for our answers, but instead told the rest of us that we would finish off during next class.  As he dismisses us, I head back to my desk and grab my things, stuffing them in my backpack.  Daniel seems to have dismissed me as well, thank God.  I walk to the cafeteria, realizing that I'm starving, and I have a twenty dollar bill burning in my pocket.  The sandwich stand is still open, so I get in line and order the biggest honking sandwich I can find.  I get the guy to at least cut it in half, in case I can't eat it all, but I doubt it.
Stuffing my face, I look up and see Daniel waiting in line at the sandwich stand.  I try for nonchalant, and look at the closed bookstore next to me, as if trying to decipher it's working hours.  Praying he'll make his order to go, I keep my eyes trained on the store, until he walks my way, and I can't avoid looking.
"Hey," he says, and I can sense the hesitation.  It's as if he knows I must have seen him, and it would be rude for him to ignore me.  I'm almost embarrassed, since my mouth is crammed with food.  I nod hello as I continue chewing.  "Are you waiting on anyone, or do you mind if I sit?"
Oh, this should be about as fun as talking to my grandmother about sex.  "No, go ahead." I answer, covering my full mouth with my hand.
"Did you look at the project?  Looks killer." He comments.
"Yeah.  I wouldn't expect anything less, especially now that we've met our professor."
"He's a bit of a weenie.  But I think that he can be cool if you suck up to him." Daniel sets his sandwich in front of him and opens the paper.  It's embarrassing because his sandwich is actually smaller than mine, and this guy has to weigh at least two hundred and thirty pounds, all muscle, and he's got at least four inches in height on me.  
"I think I should be able to pull that off." I scoff.
"You already have.  He's chosen you as teacher's pet." He takes a bite.  
"Lucky me."
We're quiet for a few moments while we eat.  I'm not being shy at all about wolfing down the food.  I'm starved and I don't care at this point.  Daniel happily chews and swallows, not feeling or not caring to feel obligated to carry on idle chatter.  
"I've got a shift at the hospital soon and I don't have time to go shopping." Daniel explains, wiping his mouth with a paper napkin.  "My brother ate all my food and he doesn't have the decency to replace it."
"Younger brother?" I ask.
"Yeah.  He's a pain in the ass."
"Sounds like.  I'm an only child."
"Wow, you are lucky.  My parents tried for a baseball team.  Came close, too."
I look up from my sandwich, which is almost completely eaten. I'm actually eying his sandwich, too.  "How many siblings do you have?"
"Four.  Three older, one younger.  The little punk is the one who lives with me."
"All brothers?"
"No, one sister.  But they're all in combat."
I don't want to get personal with this guy, so I change the subject.  "Do you have any ideas on what your final project will be about?"
Gladstone gave us a list of options.  I haven't decided unanimously yet; I'm torn between two.  
"Fortunately, I work with a nutritionist at the hospital, so this should be pretty easy for me." he gestures at me with his chin. "What about you?"
I tell him about the two topics I have in mind.  He gives me his suggestion, but I notice that he doesn't offer to introduce me to this said nutritionist he works with.  He's clearly at an advantage.  
"I have an overweight friend. Maybe she can help me out." I say, only half joking.  Heather would die if I asked her.
"I think I know the one." Daniel doesn't look at me when I say that.  He continues eating his sandwich.  "She was at the bar, right?"
"That's the one." I nod, taking the last bite of my sandwich.
"She must hate you." He says, grinning at me with my mouth crammed.
"Ha?ha." I cover my mouth when I say that.  "And yeah, she does hate me sometimes."  I swallow. "She's my best friend though, and she has many more up on me."
I realize the second that statement comes out that it's an invitation for prodding.  Daniel doesn't take the bait though.  I like it that he leaves things vague.  He isn't forcing us to converse.  Maybe he has things in his life that he doesn't care to discuss, too.  Fine by me.  
"Did you check out my friend Greg's shirt?  Pretty funny, huh." He scoffs, chuckling under this breath.
"I saw a meme like that on Facebook before.  I described it to my mother?err?because she's blind, and she said it's very truthful." Telling people that my mother is blind has come natural to me for so long that it doesn't faze me?ever.
Something changes in Daniel's face.  He looks up at me with a strange expression.  Like he wants to ask but at the same time he doesn't want to impose.  My mother is safe territory to talk about.  I'm so used to it with healthcare professionals and the like.  Plus, Daniel is pre-med, so it's a little comforting to discuss my mother if he chooses to.  "How did she become blind?"
"She had a stroke." I leave out the part about how many other medical things she's 'had'.  
He nods.  "Something tells me there's a lot more to that story.  Based on the fact that you said she suffered from severe food allergies, too."
I give him a tight-lipped grin.  "My mom is like one of those villains you see at the end of a gangster movie.  Where they keep shooting the bad guy over and over again, and he just won't die." I pause.  "Only, my mom is an angel, and this is reality, not a movie."
"You're close to your mother." He states.
"Very. She's my everything, including a pain in the ass." I chuckle good-naturedly.
"Is she mobile?  After her stroke, I mean." his chin rests on his hand, in a stance that I take as interest.
"Yes.  Although she doesn't get far.  She might as well be immobile."
"What do you mean?she doesn't get far?" his head cocks to the side.
"She had a heart attack ten years ago.  The doctors told her she wouldn't live another year.  She has to be on oxygen, and she's out of breath after taking just a few steps."  I pause.  "Yet she'll talk your ear off on her good days." I smile, thinking about some of the quirky things that have come out of her mouth.
"Is she in your care?" 
"Not exactly." I rattle off the home where she lives. 
"My dad had a stroke about three years ago." Daniel says, after sipping his drink.  "Hence the last-minute part-time course."
"Ah," I nod.
"I take it by that 'ah,' that you're just as thrilled as I am about the course." 
"Believe it or not, I'm actually so excited I haven't slept properly in weeks."
Daniel's neck cranes back.  "Really.  Why?"
Ah, what the hell.  "I've been dreaming of going back to school for years.  This is the first chance I've had."
"I get the feeling there's a lot more to that story, too." Daniel lifts his brows in a semi-cute expression.
"Kind of." I purse my lips and nod, just as my phone rings.  The ringer indicates that it's the home calling.  "I have to take this.  It's about my mom." I say, rising from my chair.  Daniel nods and waves his hand, as if to say, 'go, don't sweat it'.  I walk away from him for privacy, and so he doesn't have to hear me grouse with worry over my ever-ailing mother.  "Kayla White." I answer.  Yes, I'm using my maiden name again, regardless of whether or not it's actually official.
"Hi, Kayla.  It's Crystal from The Oaks."
"Hi, is my mother okay?"
"She's had a bit of a fall, but she's okay.  This lady is too spry for her own good.  I just wanted to let you know.  She'll be up for a little while longer if you wanted to swing by and see her.  I tried to notify your grandmother, but she's not picking up."
"That's because she's out of town this week.  I'm officially on duty." I answer.  "I'll come by shortly.  I've just finished up for the night."
"See you soon."
I walk back to the table.  Daniel's face isn't impassive as I expect.  It's more concern.
"She's just had a fall.  I'll go check on her in a couple of minutes." I say, taking the last sip of my drink.
Daniel nods. "I'm curious about something, if you don't mind me asking." There is a light in his eyes that makes me wonder what he's curious about.
I invite him to ask.  "Shoot." 
"How come you're starting back up at school when your mother is still in her condition?" 
I smile without a trace of mirth.  "Because it was never my mother who kept me from doing the things I wanted to do." I pause, drawing in a breath.  Daniel cocks his head sideways, looking very interested in what I'm about to say.  He waits.
"It was my ex-husband."

Chapter 6
Daniel
There's a lesson learned if I've ever used that phrase before.  Don't judge a book by it's cover.  I absolutely get that now.  I'm kicking myself for not picking up on the cues sooner.  It seems that Kayla and I have a lot in common.  Here I made her out to be some two-bit slut out to find the quickest catch that night at the bar.  Way off.  Way freaking off.  So, I'm guessing the pissed off dude that looked like he wanted to make a meal out of me was her ex-husband.  I get it.  I didn't ask her any more questions.  She had responsibilities to take care of.  My medical hat actually went on and I was about to ask her if she needed any help with her mother.  If I let my motor mouth go on anymore, I'd have asked her if she wanted me to go with her.  But I didn't.  I let her be on her way.
Just as I'm about to cross over into the vestibule where the exit is, I see Greg sitting on a concrete bench that's situated in the middle of the walking area.  "Hey, man. What are you still doing here?" I ask, checking my watch.
"Waiting for my ride." He says, flipping through his phone.  
"You need a ride somewhere?" I offer.
"Nah, that's okay.  My buddy's on his way.  He just ran a bit late is all.  He's got a kid, too.  His old lady doesn't like him trucking me around, so he's gotta put me at the bottom of the list.  It's cool." Greg waves, but I sense there's some trepidation in his voice.
I take a seat beside him, noticing how freaking cold the concrete is on my ass.  I wonder how long he's been sitting here.  "You don't have a ride, man?"
"Long story.  Lost my license a couple of years back.  DUI." He purses his lips together and dips his forehead once, indicating that he's well aware that he fucked up.
"Oh, that's rough.  Sorry, man." I pat him on the shoulder.  
"Yeah.  That's one reason why my old lady and I aren't together anymore.  Lost privileges with Shyla, too.  Definitely was not worth it."
I chuckle.  "Ever thought that maybe the reason why you're not with your old lady anymore is because you call her 'old lady'?  You have any idea how demeaning that is?" I say gently.
"Yeah, but that ain't all it, man." He guffaws.  "Like I told you, it's a long story."
"I get it." I smile at him.  Greg has such an honest face.  Like he's the type of guy who admits when he screws up and does it honorably.  Which is a lot more than I can say for my brothers.  "Sounds like you're about to get raked through the coals with this taxi that's about to pick you up.  If his wife doesn't like you, I'm sure there was a price to pay for him picking you up.  Where are you headed, anyway?"
"True.  I've got an AA meeting at this church by my house."
"How long did you lose your licence for?"
"It was a year originally." Greg explains.  "But I fell off the wagon a week before my year was up.  It was right when Tina, Shyla's mom, left me.  I know it's a lame excuse, man, but that hurt.  I was getting clean and doing really well.  She met another guy and it tore me in two."
"Ouch." I wince.  "How long have you been clean now?"
"Almost a year.  I'm hurting though, man.  You're not allowed to get involved with any chicks for the first year, and I'm a hurtin' unit.  I could fuck a brick wall right now I'm so pumped up."
I lift a hand. "I don't need to know that."
"Sorry, man." Greg chuckles.  "Anyway, Tina's getting married in a couple of months, and look where I am."
About to put a hand on his leg for comfort, I think twice, considering his previous comment. "Look, man.  You aren't going anywhere in life if you keep feeling sorry for yourself.  You've got to get a grip.  You can do this.  When life shot me a lemon, man, I made lemonade.  I haven't had the best luck lately, either.  Nobody gets an easy road, okay?  But you've got to take life by the horns.  You have to work at what you want."
"I hear ya, brother." Greg says.  "But it's easy to say when you're not an alcoholic."
I lift a chin.  "How did you get to be an alcoholic?"
"A little of this and that.  You know." He holds his hand out.  "Just didn't know when to stop.  Until I drove off the highway one night, into a ravine.  Passed out behind the wheel.  If it hadn't been for two skinny dippers doin' it in the water, I might be dead today, instead of being an alcoholic."  He pauses to pinch the bridge of his nose.  "Hell, I don't even remember that much.  I only remember waking up in the hospital.  I think I was in handcuffs. I know I went to jail that night after they checked me out."
"So, God gave you a second chance, man.  Take it." I pat his knee and rise.  "Look, you sure you don't want me to take you?  Your friend seems to be taking an awful long time getting here.  How long have you been waiting?"
"Since class ended.  I told him what time it finished." He winces, as if admitting that he's been forgotten or swept under the carpet, is painful. "I don't live too far from here.  I can probably walk it in an hour or so."
"And what time does your meeting start?"
Greg looks at his watch.  "Fifteen minutes."
I roll my eyes and laugh. "Come on.  I'll take you."
Twenty minutes later, I'm home with Christopher.  "Well?" he says, with an expectant look on his face. "Meet any deadbeats?"
I smile.  "A couple.  But I wouldn't exactly call them deadbeats."
"Really?  You?  Giving a dog a bone.  Not my skeptical, grumpy-ass brother."
"Piss off." I murmur, opening the fridge, getting the pitcher of water out.  "That girl from the bar was there though.  That kinda threw me for a loop."
He turns around, interested.  "No shit.  What's she doing there?"
"The same as me, stupid.  Taking a course." 
"Was she as hot for you as she was that night?" he teases.  
I don't take the bait.  "Go watch some porn.  Get it out of your system."
Christopher is my height, but he looks more like mom than dad, whom I resemble.  He's wearing a baseball cap to hide the fact that he needs a haircut desperately.  Ignoring my comment, he continues.  "Were any of her friends there?"
"No." I guffaw.  "Why?  Did you get a hard-on for any of them?" I pour myself a cold water and start drinking it.
"That blonde with all the tattoos.  She was fucking hot."
"Watch your mouth and get a haircut." I say, putting the glass in the sink.  "I've gotta go start this project, and I've got an early class tomorrow, so don't make a ton of noise." I warn.
"Fine, dad." He whines.  "You know, you're starting to become a real drag, Daniel.  Whatever happened to the fun guy who used to chase chicks and jam tunes with me?  We used to hang out all the time, and now you're all business.  What's up with that?"
I shrug. "I grew up.  You should do the same."
"It's more than that, man." He stands at the sink with his arms across his chest.  "Ever since?" he pauses for thought. "Na, it's even before mom and dad got sick."
Growing bored, I sigh.  "Don't hurt yourself."
"Since you and that chick Anita split up."
I lift a hand and a brow.  "Don't even go there.  She's history and was never much to me, anyway."
Christopher is referring to the girl I dated before and while I was away in the military.  We tried doing the long-distance thing while I was deployed, but it didn't work out.  I saw her a couple of times when I got back, both times I was deployed, but I was so busy looking after my parents, that whatever spark that might have still been there, fizzled.  At least that's what I keep telling myself.
"You had it bad for her.  I just didn't notice."
"That's because you were a little punk, and you still are." I seethe.  "Everything is all about you, man." I pause, waiting for him to look up at me and pay attention for once.  "You ever think it's because I got a load of responsibility dropped in my lap out of nowhere?  Fine, I get that the rest of the clan were away, still deployed, but you?you little pissant?you could have helped.  And now, now I get to pick up the pieces.  What's worse is that you're living with me. I have to look at your beady little eyes every day, and smell your stink all the time.  You're a lazy, selfish, immature little pain in the ass, and I wish like hell that you'd move out and leave me alone."
His eyes scan mine as I berate him.  His gaze is almost dancing.  He finds my meltdown humorous.  "You finished?" he asks, almost grinning.
"I don't know why I waste my time with you.  I shouldn't have said anything.  You don't get it.  You never will." I walk away from him.  
Funny thing is?as I'm walking away?I swear I hear him say, "Yeah, yeah, I do get it."

Chapter 7
Kayla
As much as the nurses tried to keep mom awake, she'd fallen asleep a few minutes before I arrived.  They bandaged her leg up, where she scratched it, and gave her a mild pain reliever.  I didn't even go in the room with her, I simply checked in with the nurse at the counter, who'd just been in to see her a minute prior.  That was the shortest visit I've ever had.  I felt guilty for leaving without saying something to her, but I know that for mom, rest is best.  I'll go see her tomorrow after work and class.  She'll be eager to know how my first few days are going at school.  
As I arrive home, I take a look at the project outline that Gladstone gave out.  An idea strikes me.  One option given for this is to do a fad diet and explain the findings and come up with conclusions as to why the body reacted the way that it did, and if the diet seems sustainable for good long-term health.  Another is to administer a prescriptive diet to someone whose health problems would benefit from it.  My mother comes to mind, but then, mom is too weak to be able to help me with a project like this, as much as she would push to.  All mom needs is a pair of pom-poms when it comes to encouraging me to succeed.  
After doing some research, I decide I like the Keto diet best.  I make up my mind to discuss it with Daniel and Greg, and a few others, and see if we can come up with something really good for the end of year project.  As I make my way to the classroom, I see Daniel and Greg walking up ahead.  They're slow, talking while they walk, so I catch up to them.  
"Hey guys." I say as I reach them.
"Heeeyyyy," Greg says, giving me a once-over that is a little disarming.  "It's Gladstone's pet."
Daniel gives Greg a look. 
"Don't remind me." I snuffle.  
"Did you bring your numbers?" Daniel teases.
"Yes, I did.  Better yet, I've rigged them.  You be nice to me and I'll be sure to get you a good partner.  Bribes are welcome."
"What kind of bribes?" Greg winks, using a sultry voice.  
I ignore the obvious innuendo, shrugging.  "Cash works for me." 
"Lay it on thick, man." Daniel says to Greg.  I detect a facetious tone.  Daniel almost seems?agitated.
It's time to change the subject.  "Hey, what do you guys think of doing the final project on the Keto diet?  We can all explore different parts of the metabolism, blood-sugar levels, and all that other jazz, but we can all take the diet, and meet?I don't know?once a week, to discuss our findings.  What do you think of that?"
"As long as Gladstone lets us work together, and doesn't make the groups himself, I'm good with that." Daniel says.  "I was going to go another route, but this works, too."
"Where are we going to meet?  And who else are we going to invite to the group?  Don't we need at least five people?" Greg adds.
"I can ask Kyle.  He seems cool." Daniel suggests.  "That makes four."
"And I can ask Brenda." I interrupt.  Brenda was the girl I worked with on the first assignment.  She's a little older, too, which means she won't fart around?presumably.
"Wait, that old broad?" Greg says. Daniel shoots him a look. 
"Sorry?" Greg touches his lip, as if ashamed.  "That older lady?  Well, she is kinda overweight.   That might help."
"I was thinking more that she'll take the project seriously." My tone is direct.
"Sure?yeah." Greg winks.
"Well, we can't meet at my place." Daniel chimes in. "My little brother is living with me, and he's a slob and a pain in the ass."
"And I live in a basement apartment." Greg says.
"My place is fine." I offer.  "We can also meet at the library or something.  But this way we won't get kicked out." I chuckle.
Daniel smiles at me.  "You don't mind?"
"Not at all." I say and mean it.  The company will be welcome.  One thing I can't get used to is the empty house all the time.  Even though it might as well have been empty when Nick was living with me.  He was so emotionally unavailable he could have been absent.  A meeting once a week sounds divine. 
"Perfect.  I'll ask Kyle.  You ask Brenda." Daniel confirms.
Turns out they both agreed to do the project.  Brenda was a little hesitant at first but caved after the rest of the class had already assembled into various groups and had their projects planned.  As I drive home from class that night, my Bluetooth beeps on the dashboard.  It's Heather.
"Well?  How's it going?" she chirps.
"Very well, actually." I brag.
"That's what I figured.  I haven't heard from you in a couple of days.  You weren't kidding about being busy once this whole thing started."
"It gets better." I gush.  "The final project meetings are going to be at my place.  You know how much I love to be the hostess.  This is going to be so much fun!"
"Oh?Lord." Heather sighs.  "You're in your element now, girl."
I decide to tell her about Daniel.  "Remember that guy at the bar that night?the one I made out with?"
"Yeah," her tone is flat, like she wonders what the hell I'm getting at.
"He's in my class."
She barks out a laugh.  "You're shitting me, right?  You're still in the class?  I would have booked out of there in two seconds flat if that happened to me!"
"Not a chance." I shake my head, even though I know she can't see me.  "I can handle it."
"I'm sure you can." Heather laughs.  "So, is he part of this group thing?  How did you handle it when he figured out who you were?"
"I told you I can handle it, and I did.  He said to forget about it, and we have.  And yes, he's going to be here?along with three other people, so get your mind out of the gutter, I have no intention of continuing on in that tangent."
She guffaws.  "Easy, killer.  I wasn't insinuating anything.  I figured he would."
"No. To tell you the truth, I think he was actually irritated by the whole thing."
"Says the guy who had his tongue down your throat that night."
"Shut up." I laugh.  "He was drunk, too."
"He wasn't that drunk." Heather is matter-of-fact.  
"Well, whatever. What's done is done.  It's in the past.  We're working together on this project and it'll be fine.  We're past it." I declare.
"What are you going to do if the two of you are alone?" Heather probes.  "What's his name, by the way?"
"Daniel.  And?so what if we're alone?  We ate lunch together the other day?alone.  We were fine."
Heather draws in a deep breath, as if taking it in.  "Oooohhhh?do tell."
"Go take a cold shower.  We ate in the school cafeteria.  And I was more interested in eating the rest of his sandwich than I was at?what you're thinking."  I guffaw. "What's with you, anyway?  You're never this?naughty.  Horny much?" I laugh.
"Oh, honey, this Daniel guy?did you not see him?  His ass is like two scoops of butter pecan ice cream."
I laugh so hard I almost have to pull over.  "Heather!" I wipe the tears from my eyes with my thumbs.  "What's gotten into you?!"
She ignores me and continues.  "He's built better than goddamn Sylvester Stallone in the Rocky movies."
"I gotta have a convo with Barry, my love.  He not keeping you satisfied lately?"
"Never mind?Barry's got a doctor's appointment tomorrow.  He's having trouble in that department."
"I don't want to know." I giggle.  "Oh, that reminds me?Daniel is pre-med."
"Oh!  You're killing me!  Jesus!  A hot doctor!  Mercy!" she's laughing.
"Stop it." I argue, good-naturedly.  "I have no interest in him.  This is about doing well on a class project.  Besides, I just got divorced. The last thing I need is another relationship."
"True enough.  Hell, you can't blame a gal for living vicariously." Heather says.  "Let me know how it works out, okay?  Don't be a stranger." A pause.  "Your mom doing okay?"
"Fine.  I was just over to see her.  So, dare I ask?what's wrong with Barry?  Nothing serious, I hope."
"Na, he's just got some trouble peeing.  It burns.  He's terrified it's his prostate, so he won't have sex until he gets it checked out.  I'm sure it's a bladder infection, but I'm no doctor."
"Well, I'll pray for him.  Can't hurt."
"True enough.  I've been praying for you for a long time, and it seems like it's finally paying off."
"Thanks. You're the best."
"You too."

***

His hands, so big and warm, travel down to my waist from my mid-back, as his soft tongue gently sweeps the inside of my mouth, mating with my tongue in its wake.  A wall of chest meets my breasts as he draws me closer to him.  As our lips part, he leans his head sideways and trails kisses up my neck, leaving delicious chills down my flesh.  Nipping my lobe, he stops to whisper that he wants me, in my ear, giving me goosebumps.  
"I want you, too." I say, pulling back to kiss his neck, making sure to leave marks?my mark that he's mine?all mine.  As I suck his flesh, he softly moans, and the vibration from his throat sets me on fire.  Squeezing my rear, he pulls me into him, being careful to put pressure in that special spot between my thighs, and an involuntarily groan escapes me.  
"You like that?" he breathes.  Oh, yes?yes, I do.
  I can feel my thighs dampening further.  My heartbeat quickens there, too.  I don't remember the last time I was this aroused.  Maybe never.  He lifts me in the darkness, and ravages my lips against his, as our tongues softly dance together in the silence.  The gentle slapping sounds coming from our kisses are so erotic, I mentally record them in my mind, as he lowers me to the bed slowly, and rests his weight gently on me.  His hardened bulge is right where it needs to be to set me off, as he pushes his pelvis into me in a motion that is so swift yet smooth, I barely move on the bed.
As he lifts my shirt and bra, uncupping my breasts, he begins kissing me in my second most sensitive spot, making me writhe underneath him.  His naked chest is covered with my hands, as I touch every inch of his muscles and girth.  While his tongue flicks and bathes my nipples, my back arches, and reaches for the mark?his most sensitive spot.  Sensing this, he lifts slightly, giving me access, and I undo his button and unzip his fly.  Sliding my hand inside, I feel his movement quicken in response.  
His hand reaches down, mirroring my actions on him, as I pump his hardness, and he circles my swollen bud.  As I feel the certain waves of pleasure, I feel the need to call out his name.  But this man, in the darkness, is a mystery to me.  Moments ago, he was faceless, but now, I can see a shadow of his features.  His fingers move faster, as if he doesn't want me to figure out who he is before I find my release, as if me knowing who this mystery man is will ruin the effect.  
I'm torn between the flood of pleasure and the need to know who is pleasuring me.  When my release comes, I cry out, grabbing his face.  As I look into his eyes, I see the same blue eyes that stared up into mine a few weeks ago, and I bolt upright in bed.  "Daniel!" I pant, in my half-asleep state.  "Holy fuck, Daniel!" I breathe, chest heaving.  My eyes widen as I realize what just happened.  "Jesus Christ!"
I haven't had a wet dream in a long time, and never one this hot.  A bead of drool is traveling down the corner of my mouth.  I wipe it and jump out of bed, knowing that I've overslept, and my project group is going to be here in a couple of hours.  Quickly, I pick up the phone and call Heather.  I'm going to need her help today.  
Greg arrives first.  He gives me a friendly hug hello and pulls back, giving me a once-over.  "Hey, you look really nice." 
I'm wearing jeans and a white button-up blouse with a red camisole underneath, just poking up through the buttons in front.  My hair is tied back in a half-knot, with the rest hanging down in loose curls.  I ditched the glasses for today, opting for my contact lenses, with just a touch of mascara to finish things off.  "Thanks.  My grandmother bought me this blouse in Spain a couple of years ago."  I notice there is no car parked on the street; just mine is in the driveway.  "What, did you walk here?"
"No, I had a friend drop me off.  Daniel said he could bring me, but I felt bad since he's been trucking me everywhere lately.  I lost my license.  DUI." He shrugs.
"Oh, wow, I'm sorry." Is all I can think of to say.  
"Don't be." He waves.  "I should be getting it back soon.  Not sure if I'll be able to afford the insurance, but we'll worry about one thing at a time." 
"That sounds like a good idea."  I pause, letting him remove his shoes at the door.  "Are you hungry?  I made Keto-friendly cake, sweetened with Stevia."
"Sure." He smiles.  Greg is tall and skinny, like he hasn't had a decent meal in a while, either that or he's the type that can eat and eat everything, and never gain a pound.  He has a receding hairline, with fine blonde hair kept short in a crew-like cut.  His skin is kind of flushed, like he's just run a mile in hot weather.  He has light brown eyes.  "Did you make it?"
I nod.  "Last night."
"I'll put all the food out once everyone arrives, but I thought we'd keep the cake on the counter for now."
"Whatever works." He shrugs.  "Can I help with anything?"
"Did you do your homework?" I ask, staring down at him from my nose, like a librarian, minus the half-moon shaped glasses, of course.
"Busted.  No, I didn't do it.  But I will." He explains. "I was visiting my daughter last night and I had to work the night before that."
"How old is your daughter?"
"She's four.  Sweet little thing."
"I take it she doesn't live with you?"
"Na, she lives with her mom and her fiancé."
"That must be rough." I say, cutting him a slice of cake.
"It can be.  But at least I get to see Shyla now.  I wasn't allowed to for a while after the DUI."
"I didn't know they could be related." A 'v' forms between my brows.
"Tina, her mom, didn't want me around until I cleaned up.  It wasn't anything legal.  I didn't fight her on it.  She was right."
I hand him a plate with cake on it, and a fork.  "Eat wherever you like."
"How about right here?" he says, as though he's afraid to make a mess.
I hear a knock at the door and Heather's voice calling from the other side as she enters.  "Hey, sweetie.  Come on in." I call back.  I make the introductions and show Heather the cake.
"Looks like normal cake to me." she says, examining the cake that has a striking resemblance to pound cake.
"That's because it is.  It's just sweetened differently.  Wanna try a piece?"
"Maybe later.  When is everyone supposed to be here?"
"Any time now." I say, looking at my watch.  Ten minutes later, both Brenda and Kyle are here as well, and I'm wondering where Daniel is.  The food is out on the table and we're assembling our notes.  Brenda and Kyle have already reviewed their homework when the doorbell finally rings.
"Hey," Daniel says.  "Sorry I'm late.  I had to help my dad with something.  We'll have to swap phone numbers later so I can let you know next time."
"Is your dad okay?" I ask, closing the door behind him.
"Yeah, he's fine.  He wanted to move some furniture around and help my mom clean up behind the couch.  He called me last minute and I didn't think it would take that long."
"Don't sweat it.  We haven't started anything." I say, as Greg approaches, slapping his palm into Daniel's in hello.
"What up, my brotha." Greg says, which makes Daniel smile in a quirky fashion, which I can't help but think is very sexy.  
"Greg.  I'm not a 'brotha' kind of guy.  I don't even listen to rap, man." He chuckles.
"Sorry, man. I'll lay off the lingo." Greg says, as Heather walks over to Daniel.
"Hi, remember me?" she sticks her hand out for Daniel to shake.
"Barely.  I don't remember a lot from that night, but your face looks vaguely familiar." Daniel jokes, trying to make light of the situation.  I give her an elbow in the ribs, and she gives me a disapproving look.
"Well, I remember you, and I'm sure that Kayla here does, too." She teases.
I lower my head to her.  "Heather, do you mind giving me a hand in the kitchen, please?" my tone is only slightly warning.  
"Sure." She shrugs.  I grab her arm while Daniel removes his shoes and joins the others.
"What the hell is your problem?" I hiss.  "Why are you making such an ass out of me?"
"I'm not." She denies.  "What else am I supposed to say to him?  I can't help it?he's so hot."
"Well, control yourself.  My god!" I run a hand through my hair in exasperation.  "I've never known you to behave so?inappropriately."
"Sorry.  I'll cool it." she says, lowering her head.  Daniel comes toward us, holding his phone.
"Sorry, let's exchange numbers now, before we get into it and I forget."
"Sure." I rattle off my number and he rattles off his, as I grab my phone from my back pocket.  As he stores my number in his phone, I can't help but look at his eyelashes, swept down onto his cheeks, while his eyes are focused downward onto his phone.  It brings me back to the dream I had about him this morning, and I shake it off quickly.  
"Thanks." He says with a quick nod as he places his phone in his back pocket.  Daniel is wearing blue jeans and a blue golf shirt that brings out his eyes.  His dark brown hair is softly swept on his forehead, kept shorter in the back.  I notice it moves when his head moves; it's kind of sexy.  I can see why Heather is going all batty around him.  "What's that over there?" Daniel says, eying the plate of cake behind me.
I giggle.  "Oh, it's Keto cake.  Wanna try some?"
His look is hesitant; like when your mother tells you to try this mush, that it's good for you.  "What do you mean 'Keto'?"
Greg overhears.  "It's delicious.  Try it."
Daniel lifts a brow.  "Okay.  You twisted my arm."
"I'll have a piece now, too, since you're cutting it anyway." Heather says.
After we eat cake and set our goals and timelines for the project for the week, we finish eating the food and chat comfortably together.  "You guys wanna play some cards or something?" Heather says as we clear the empty food trays off the table.
"Sure, that sounds good." Daniel shrugs.  "I sure as hell don't want to go home to my brother."
"Come on.  Is he really that bad?" I ask.
Daniel looks at me and gives me a tight smile.  "I suppose he's not so bad.  I'm just so used to living alone that he annoys me to no end."
"Well, then maybe send him over here.  I can't get used to living alone.  I can hear snails crawl at night."
He lifts a hand.  "Believe me, I'm not sending him over here.  He'll be all over you in a flash."
"Really?"
He scoffs.  "Really.  He's a hormone with legs."
We cut the deck of cards and begin playing a game of Crazy Eights, Heather's pick.  "Okay.  Embarrassing confession here." I lift my hand in the air as if we're in class.
Everyone's eyes are on me.  "I don't remember how to play."
Daniel, who is sitting next to me, scooches closer.  "How about we play an open-handed round and I'll coach."
Heather raises a brow at me, and I pinch my brows together in a disapproving look.  Daniel's shoulder is touching mine as Greg lays down his first card.  "You know what to do?" his gaze slides to my hand.  I point to a card and he shakes his head no.  Just as I'm about to question him, my phone vibrates in my pocket.
"Shit.  I've gotta take this." I say, seeing that it's my mom.  Lifting from the table, I take the call in the hallway, towards the bedrooms and bathroom.  "Mom?" I answer.
"Kayla?  Kayla, there's a new nurse here.  She's not letting me take my pills when I'm supposed to."
Dr. Greenwood didn't indicate to me that her medication schedule had changed.  Her chart hasn't changed in a couple of months.  I'm confused and worried.  "Mom, I'll be right there."
"Okay, Kayla.  Thanks, dear."  I scurry back into the living room and look in the driveway, kicking myself for not having the foresight to have my guests leave space so I can leave in a hurry if needed.  Or in this case, when needed. It seems my mother's health issues have become more and more prominent these days.  "Guys, I've got to head over to see my mom.  My car's blocked." I can't hide the panic in my voice.
"My car's on the street." Daniel says.  "I can take you."
I don't even blink.  "Heather?  Do you mind staying here?  I shouldn't be too long.  It's just something to do with her medication."
Heather nods once.  "Sure.  Go ahead. Take your time.  Tell your mom I say hi."
"Thanks." I say, stuffing my feet into my shoes.  Daniel is doing the same.  I look back at Heather and Greg and wonder what on earth they're going to talk about while we're gone.  Or if Greg will stick around even.  Poor Heather.  I feel guilty leaving.
But the guilt soon melts away?

Chapter 8
Daniel
Got to admit it was fun hanging around at Kayla's house.  Until she received the urgent call from her mother.  I'm not sure how urgent it is until I see her sitting bolt upright in the passenger seat while I'm driving.  "Relax," I say, gently pushing her back into the seat.  "Everything's going to be fine.  What's going on with your mom?"
"Something to do with her medication." She says quickly.  "It's a new nurse, mom says.  And she won't give her the meds on time.  Mom's blind, so even if she did request to see her chart, to check if the doctor had made any changes, a lot of good it would do.  She's helpless when it comes to things like this.  I regret giving her that damn watch with the timer, but she insisted."
"Okay, okay.  Easy." I chuckle.  "If it wasn't the home calling, it can't be that bad, right?" I stroke her arm with my index finger as I drive.  Her skin is taught like leather.  She's a bag of nerves.  If I wasn't driving, I'd pull over and massage the knots out of her neck.
She stares at her fingers in contemplation.  "You're right.  It can't be that bad.  And at least this time she wasn't calling from the hospital." She pauses.  "Sometimes my mom calls a day after a crisis, all zen and everything, and other times, like this, she's out of her wits, making mountains out of molehills.  There is no in-between with her."
"So, don't gauge it by your mom.  Call the home and get the story straight before flying off the deep end." I say flatly.
Kayla nods once and looks at me.  "You're right." A smile.  "Thanks."  She reaches over to my hand, which is resting on my leg, and clasps it.  "And thanks for bringing me. I appreciate it."
"Hey, no problem.  It's the least I can do for you holding that shindig at your place.  And don't think I won't argue if you tell me I don't have to stay and help clean up after."
"I won't.  But I warn you; you'll have to strong arm Heather.  She's a clean freak.  In fact, most likely she'll have the place spotless before we get back."
"I feel kind of bad leaving her there with Greg and the rest of the gang.  I was going to offer to take him home in a bit."
"Oh, you should have taken him, and then Heather could have taken me."
"Hindsight is twenty-twenty, as they say." I smirk.  "It's okay.  At least this way I can calm you down before you go class A freaky on the new nurse."
She snuffles a laugh.  "Be prepared for my mom.  I should warn you that she's been on me to meet up with someone.  I've only been divorced a month?and that's long enough?for her."
I wince.  "Ouch.  She didn't like the ex I take it."
"Of course I find out now?ten years after the fact?but no, she didn't like him."
I look at her while we're stopped at a light.  "Do you want to talk about this?"
A shrug.  "I suppose I have to some time."
Drawing in a deep breath, I grip the steering wheel.  "Start with the low-down.  How did the marriage fail?"
"I wanted to go back to school.  The deal was that I could once the mortgage was paid.  His uncle died and left an inheritance, Nick applied it against the mortgage." She pauses and purses her lips together.  "You can figure out the rest."
I nod and then look at her.  "So, he's the dream-crusher."
"In more ways than one."
"What else didn't he want you to have?"
"Kids, I suppose.  We never could conceive but he refused to have either of us checked out."  She tells me a funny story about how her mom insists she and her dad got pregnant with Kayla from sharing soap.  "Your mom sounds cool."
"Well, you're about to find out." She says as we pull up to the parking lot.  I'm glad that she seems more at ease.  To make sure she stays relaxed, I place my hand at the small of her back and give it a little rub.  She looks at me and smiles.  The golden glint in her hazel eyes is almost mesmerizing.  I smile back at her as I open the door and ease her inside.  
Following her to the reception desk, I stay by her side, resisting the urge to put my hand on her back.  It's weird.  I feel more empathy for her than I've felt for anyone in a while.  When we reach the desk, I hang back a bit, not wanting to intrude.  "I'm here about Margaret White.  She called and said that there was a problem with her medication."  The lady behind the counter is older, with a pair of thick, dark glasses hanging from a metal chain around her neck.  
"I wasn't aware of any issue but let me check her file.  Are you a family member?" she asks kindly.
"I'm Kayla White, her daughter."
The nurse goes into a room behind the counter for a moment, and returns, holding a file.  She peruses it for a moment, pulling her glasses up onto her face from her chest, and then looks up at Kayla.  "No, ma'am.  It looks like everything is okay.  She took her medicine on time.  There aren't any issues here."
Relief washes over Kayla's face, and I take a step closer to her, placing my hand on her back.  
"She's probably confused because of the new nurse.  She's blind and it upsets her when new people come around sometimes."
The nurse gives a warm smile.  "That's understandable. I was in there myself, administering her medication.  She was a little nervous at first.  I didn't know she'd placed a call.  I wish she'd told me. I would have called you and saved you a trip."
"Oh, that's okay.  Is she awake?"
"Should be.  I was only in there about five minutes ago.  You can go on in." 
I look at Kayla after she thanks the nurse and walks towards a bank of rooms. "See?  I told you everything would be fine."
She looks at me and smiles.  "I'll listen to you next time."
"You better." I wink.  We head into a room close to the entrance.  Kayla knocks first.  
"Mom?" she says softly.
"Kayla?" A voice answers.  Her voice sounds much younger than I would expect.  When I walk in, I'm flabbergasted.  This woman does not look like an invalid.  She's sitting upright in bed, trim as her daughter, with the same frame and features, only about twenty-five years older.  "Come on in, dear."
"Hi, Mom." Kayla says, giving her mother a kiss on the cheek.  "I brought my friend Daniel along.  He's in my class.  We were just having a project meeting when you called."
Margaret chuckles.  "Oh, hi Daniel.  I'm so sorry to interrupt your meeting.  Kayla, why didn't you say you were busy?" the woman's head is pointed in her daughter's direction, but her gaze is in space.  Her eyes aren't glazed over like most blind people.  They're still clear and colored; same color as Kayla's.  She sticks her hand out for me to shake.  It's warm and her grip is comfortable.  
"That's okay, Mrs. White.  We were wrapped up anyway and just sitting around playing cards." He pauses.  "Are you feeling better?"
"I'm fine, Daniel." She says, just as her breath becomes raspy.  It's like Kayla's so used to that, as she grabs the oxygen cone off the side of the bed and drapes it around her mother's face, sliding it over her ears.  Kayla rubs her mother's back and guides her into bed, propping the top portion of her bed up by pressing a button on a remote hanging from the same side as the oxygen mask.  The room is small but homey, with a conversational cluster of furniture, including two metal chairs with plush backing, a round table, a dresser and a small armoire on wheels, the kind that zips up in the middle.  
Kayla slides the movable night table over, so she can sit next to her mother.  "So, what kind of project are you working on?" Margaret asks through the mask.
"It's on the Keto diet." I say to her, trying to make it sound more interesting than it is.  I give her a brief explanation as to what it is, and she smiles.
"We're meeting once a week to discuss our findings and put the project together." Kayla adds.  "At my house."
Margaret's head points towards Kayla.  "Oh, you must be on cloud nine." She giggles, and then she addresses me.  "Kayla loves to host parties and things.  As a child, our house was the official hangout for all the neighborhood kids.  Luckily, they were all so well behaved it was never a problem."
An alarm suddenly sounds, and Margaret closes her eyes.  
"What's that?" I ask.
"It's the panic alarm, love.  And that's exactly what it sounds like.  Say a prayer." Margaret explains.  
Kayla takes a step towards me so I can hear her over the noise.  "It means someone's having a medical emergency and the ambulance has been dispatched."
"You should go, dear." Margaret says.  "I'm sure Daniel doesn't want to be around for this."
"Daniel's pre-med, Mom.  It's okay." Kayla says, stroking her mother's hand.  
"Yeah, I've seen my fair share of trauma, Mrs. White.  But thanks for your concern." 
When the alarm quiets, Kayla sits down again beside Margaret.  "Mom, the nurse said that your medication is fine.  So, you don't need to worry, okay?"
"I guess I just didn't realize the time, dear.  I don't like this new nurse.  Something about her gives me the creeps." She shudders.
"She seems fine to me, mom."  Kayla looks at me.  "We should get back to the house.  I'm sure they're all waiting for us."
"Okay." I say to Kayla, and then I address Margaret.  "Mrs. White, do you mind if I steal your daughter?  Our meeting probably isn't adjourned yet, and we left Heather in charge."
"You can steal my daughter all you want, Daniel." Margaret says proudly, and I see Kayla's face turn a shade of red.  She avoids eye contact with me, which I think is adorable.  
"Okay.  It was nice meeting you." I say to her.
"It was a pleasure meeting you." Margaret says, as Kayla kisses her cheek.  
"I'll see you tomorrow, Mom." 
"Love you, sweetie." 
"Love you, too."
"I hope to see you again soon, Daniel." Margaret calls out to me as we leave.
"See you soon." Is all I can think of to say.
When Kayla closes the door, she holds her breath and lets it out.  "Oh my God?I'm sooo sorry about that." She whispers.
I chuckle and speak softly.  "That's okay.  Wait?what, exactly?  Are you sorry about?"
"Normally my Mom isn't a fan of new people, hence the visit tonight, but she seems to have really taken a liking to you."
"I think she did it to get a rise out of you.  It worked." I tease.
An ambulance team has pulled into the reception area.  We walk to the side to avoid getting in the way.  "I think my Mom is starting to get a little paranoid as she gets on in years."
"She looks great.  I mean, definitely not what I expected." I go ahead of her and open the entrance door.  
"Thanks.  This place is good for her, as much as nights like this kind of set her off.  Overall, she's better off here."
"Absolutely.  I'm lucky that my dad recovered well from his stroke.  Plus, it's the only health problem he has."
"You are lucky." Kayla agrees as I push the key fob and we enter my car.
"Thanks for bringing me here." She says, giving me a tight smile.  My eyes can't help sliding down to her lips quickly.  I avert my gaze back to her eyes in a flash, and I don't think she notices.
Pushing the key into the ignition, I say.  "No problem."  I pull out of the parking space and drive onto the road.  "So, what happened with your ex-husband that night?"
"Nothing, really.  He was just?shocked." She answers honestly.  "I suppose I would be, too."
"Fair.  What kind of relationship do you have with him now?"
"Through the grapevine I've heard that he has a girlfriend.  We don't speak at all if I can avoid it.  As much as it was an amicable parting, neither of us really likes the other.  The last year of our marriage was?terrible."
"That bad, huh." I say, wondering how much I should be prying into her past.
"What about you?" she asks.  "Quid pro quo."
I take a breath.  I haven't spoken on this level in a long time.  "The last relationship I had was when I went into the military; before my second deployment.  We did the long-distance thing for a while, but it didn't pan out."
"How long ago was that?"
"I don't know?like?two or three years ago?  My deployment was over just as my dad had his stroke.  I came home to take care of him and my mom, and she was history by then."
"Did you try to patch things up with her after your dad got better?"
"Na, she'd already moved on.  It was over." I try to hide the pathetic tone in my voice.  Anita broke my fucking heart. I'll never admit that to anyone.  
"So, she was the dream-crusher, too." Kayla sighs.
"I suppose in a manner of speaking, yes."  I agree.  "But she knew I was going away when we started going out.  She knew it and she still wanted to pursue things with me."
"And you remained loyal while you were away."
"Yeah,"
"Gotcha." Kayla says.  "Nick 'moved on' while we were still married, too." She air-quotes 'moved on'.
"It's like a sucker punch to the gut, isn't it." I state, feeling not so bad about sharing my personal turmoil now.  Especially with someone who evidently has suffered the same.
"At least you were away when you got sucker punched." Kayla scoffs.  "Mine was happening right in front of my face."
"There's that."  
She pauses for a moment, and then tilts her head contemplatively.  "Did you ever get over her?"
"My brother will tell you no, and I guess maybe he's right." I admit.  "It's not so much that I never got over her per se, I just never got over the hurt, you know." I look at her and she's nodding.
"I get it." 
I cover her hand with mine and then remove it.  "Yeah, I figured you would."
"So, is that why you describe him as a pain in the ass?  Because he's got you figured out and you can't stand it?" she probes.
"Partly." I cock my head sideways.  "But also because he really is a pain in the ass.  That's where I'm one up on you; you don't have any siblings, so you can't relate." I point at her with my finger.
"True.  But I also hate it when someone thinks they've got me figured out and they don't.  Heather's good for that."
"She seems that way.  What were you two whispering about in the kitchen when I arrived?"
Her eyes bulge.  "Believe me, you don't want to know."

Chapter 9
Kayla
When we arrive back at my house, it's just Heather and Brenda left.  "What happened to Kyle and Greg?" I ask.
"Kyle had to work, and Greg's ride came to pick him up." Heather answers.  "What's up with that?  He doesn't drive?"
"No." I'm not sure how much to share.  If it was just Heather here, I wouldn't care, but I don't know Brenda well enough.  Heather senses that there's more to the story, so she comes into the kitchen with me.
"What's going on with your mom?  She okay?" she murmurs.
"Yeah, she's fine.  False alarm."
"What did she think of Daniel?" her gaze slides over to him, but she's careful to keep her voice down.
I roll my eyes.  "What do you think?"
She smiles.  "What's the deal with Greg?  How come he doesn't drive?" she says, barely moving her lips.  She sounds like a failed ventriloquist.
"DUI." I whisper. 
She tilts her head sideways.  "Really?  He was talking on the phone to someone about meeting up for drinks."
"I'm sure you're mistaken.  He's been clean for a year.  Daniel said he took him to an AA meeting just the other night."
Heather lifts a brow.  "Okay," her tone says she's not buying it.  I make a mental note to mention this to Daniel later, when Brenda is gone.  I'm not even sure why she's still here; the meeting is over, the food is gone, and there is nothing left to do except clean, which Daniel has already started.  "Do you want me to ask if Brenda needs a ride home?  Her car's in the driveway, but maybe she'll take a hint." Heather raises a brow and tilts her head towards Brenda, who is sitting at the table, drinking out of a can of ginger ale, and chewing on her fingernails.  It's like we aren't even here; she's staring off into space.  Suddenly she shakes herself out of her reverie and rises.
"I'll head out now, if that's alright." 
"Sure, thanks for coming." I say, smiling.  "Do you know what to do for the next meeting?"
"Sure do." She nods.  "Thanks for having me.  If you ever want to hold a meeting at my place, just let me know.  I'll have to give my roommate a heads up though."
"Sounds good." I say.  Heather gives her a tight grin and rolls her eyes as Brenda puts her shoes on.  When she leaves, Brenda watches her pull out of the driveway.
"That's a weird one if I've ever seen it before." Heather barks.  "She gnawed her nails down to the quick while you were gone."
Daniel approaches with my books, stacking them on the counter by the wall.  "Is she?  Maybe she's just hungry.  We are taking a nutrition course." He winks.
"Cute." Heather says.  "She barely spoke to anyone, but she kept speaking under her breath, like she had an imaginary friend."
"I guess Kyle got weirded out by her." Daniel adds. "He was afraid of me, so I'd assume he'd be afraid of her, too."
"Why was he afraid of you?" Heather asks as Daniel pulls the tablecloth off the table and walks towards the garage door to shake the crumbs off.  
"The guy is ninety pounds soaking wet.  Generally, guys that small are intimated by me?at least that's what my brothers tell me." he opens the door and shakes the cloth out a couple of times before reappearing and placing it back on the table.  
"Well, I can't blame him there." Heather turns to me.  "I should go, too.  I promised Barry I'd cook him ribs tonight, and that takes forever."
"Ribs?" Daniel asks, interested.
"Yeah.  Doesn't that go against your Keto diet?"
"No." We both shake our heads and say in unison.
Heather folds her arms across her chest.  "Well, I'm not making enough for everyone, so you'll have to invite yourselves over another time."
I giggle.  "Okay, fine. Thanks for coming over and playing chaperone."
"You're welcome."
Heather leaves and Daniel heads over to the sink to wash the dishes.  "You know, my mother isn't here; you don't have to try to score points."
He's standing with his back to me and his hands in the dish water.  He pivots on his heel to glance at me.  "Hardy har.  Your mom already likes me.  I like her, too.  I just figured it's the least I can do.  I mean, you supplied all the food and drinks and hosted this thing.  I hope you don't expect to always do that.  I'll pay for everything the next time.  We'll take turns or do a potluck or something."
I wave.  "It doesn't bother me.  I love hosting things.  I never got to do much of it while I was married.  Nick was a little anti-social.  He didn't have too many friends other than through work."
I grab a towel and start drying the dishes.  There aren't many, so it doesn't take long.  When we're done, Daniel looks around.  "You've got a nice place here.  Is there anything else I can help with?"
"No, that's fine."
He hesitates.  "What are you up to for the rest of the day?"
I shrug and frown.  "Nothing.  I was going to clean up, but you've already done the honors."
"You wanna go catch a movie or something?"
"Sure." I rattle off a movie that looks interesting.
"I'd see that."
Daniel pulls his phone out of his pocket and checks the listings.  "There's a show starting in an hour.  You want to go, or catch the later one?"
"Sure, we can go.  Whatever.  Are you hungry?"
"No, not really.  You?"
"Not yet.  Maybe we can grab something on the way back."
"Sounds good."
Twenty minutes later, we're sitting in a packed theater, not realizing that the movie only opened the night before.  The guy beside me smells like he smoked an entire pack of cigarettes before coming to the show.  The girls sitting beside Daniel are acting stupid; like teenage kids on dope?maybe they are?who knows.  "Maybe they just think you're cute." I wink.
"Maybe smokey smokerson next to you thinks you're cute." Daniel teases.  We each have a bucket of popcorn and a drink.  I pull a piece of popcorn out and toss it at Daniel's nose, nailing him.
He chuckles, picks up the kernel that falls in his lap, and tosses it in his mouth.  "You know what would be even funner?  If you throw popcorn at the silly sisters next to me."
"Dare me?"
He hesitates, and then shakes his head no. "Na, forget it.  They'll probably just freak out."
"Can I throw another one at you then?" I lift my brows and a kernel.
"Sure.  Go ahead."
I toss it at him, and this time he catches it in his mouth.
"Wow.  What's your next trick?"
"I'll walk to the bottom of the theater and then you throw one at me.  Now there's a trick.  This is only a couple inches away from me.  I bet you could do it too. It's not much of a challenge."
"Try me." I goad.
He pulls a kernel out and tosses it at me.  It bounces off my face and lands at my feet.  "I'm not eating that." I snuffle, shaking my head.
He tilts his head and lifts a brow.  "Two second rule." 
"I don't think so."
"Alright.  You're off the hook." He leans into me with his shoulder.  The lights dim as the movie is about to start.  The beginning of the preview startles the crap out of me as it comes on super loud.  I actually shriek a little.  Daniel chuckles at me and I playfully punch him in the shoulder.  He lifts his hand and rubs the spot, feigning that I hurt him, even though his shoulder feels strong enough to pick up a boulder.  
The movie is a gripping suspense, and in the middle, Daniel leans over to me and whispers in my ear.  "I think that guy did it." he points at the screen.  His breath tickles me, giving me shivers.
"Shh?" I hiss, leaning into him, fighting him off.  "Don't spoil it." I smirk.  He snuffles a soft laugh.  "You don't think he did it?" he whispers.
"No, I think the other guy did it." I whisper in his ear.
"You wanna make a bet?" his eyes go to my lips for a second.
"There's a hotdog stand outside." I murmur.  "Whoever wins buys dinner after."
Daniel sticks his hand out.  "Deal." I shake his hand.
Turns out, Daniel won.  "Pay up." He says as we approach the vendor outside the theater.
"Fine." I pretend that I want to squelch, but I don't.  "You drive a hard bargain, Mr?" I hesitate.
"Lynch."
"Oh, wait?should I be calling you doctor?" 
He shrugs.  "In a couple more years when I'm done my residency."
"Wow?your parents must be so proud of you."
Another shrug as he bites into his hotdog.  "Both my parents are doctors, so to them I'm just following in their footsteps.  But I suppose it is something to be proud of." He's talking with his mouth full, which, for some reason, I find adorable.
I take a bite of my hotdog after I pay the vendor and we start walking.  "I suppose I'm lucky in that way. My mom would be proud of me if I was a used car salesperson."
"Salesperson or saleswoman?" he challenges playfully.
I squeeze my lips to one side and stare upward.  "I'm not sure."
He waves. "How's the hotdog?"
"Not bad.  I've eaten better ones from home, personally.  Yours?"
"Same.  Who'd have thought a hotdog vendor outside a movie theater would suck."
I chuckle.  "How about we go for ice cream after this?  Kill the crappy flavor?"
"Sure." He lifts a brow.  "Who's paying this time?  Got any more bets you want to lose?"
"Wow, for a future doctor, you sure are a tightwad." I joke.
He chuckles.  "I'll pay."
I lift a finger.  "You see?this is why I hated dating.  You never know what's appropriate for paying.  Probably one of the reasons why I married so young."
"How old were you?"
"Twenty-three.  A child." My voice is flat.
"And you were married for how long?" 
I give him a sideways glance.  "If you want to know how old I am, just ask."
"No, seriously.  I'm curious how long you were married for." He says honestly.
"Fine. Ten years." I admit.
"And how many were actually good?"
"Hmmm?seven?eight, maybe?"  I pause.  "The last two years we lost our business and it just went downhill from there."  Another pause.  "So, tell me?how old are you?"
"I just turned the big three-o a couple of months ago."
"And your parents aren't bugging you to get married and give them grandchildren?"
"Well, it's kinda hard with three out of five of us deployed in Europe.  Christopher, my little brother, he'll never get married.  He's too wild.  My other two brothers?who knows, and my sister?she wants kids, and I know she's coming home in a few months. Her boyfriend is patiently awaiting her arrival.  I'm pretty sure a wedding is coming soon."
"Ah, so your sister is keeping your parents at bay."
"No, not really.  Mom and dad have never really driven home the fact that they want grandchildren. I mean, I'm sure they do, but they've never said as much."
"That's all my mother's ever talked about." I growl softly.  "It's exhausting.  I suppose it's different for her; because she only ever had me.  She was never surrounded with kids like your parents with five children."
"And my mom, before she retired, was an obstetrician; so she saw her fair share of babies."
"Ah. It's like the girls who work in childcare at the center. None of them are gung-ho about having kids."
"Exactly." We go into Daniel's car as we head to the Dairy Queen. "So, do you actually want to have kids?  You mentioned you'd been unable to?err?make a baby."
"Well, to be fair, that mystery still remains.  But yes, maybe one day, before my eggs are too old, I'd like to have kids. Of course, this going back to school thing puts a wrench in that for a while."
"But it never was a huge priority." He clarifies.
I sigh. "I'll never admit it to my mom, but no."
"Well, you're the first girl I've met who didn't place having kids front and center."
"That's not true." I lift a finger. "Heather too."
"Really." He's literally shocked. 
"Really." I nod. 
We pull up to the Dairy Queen. Daniel orders a banana split that we agree to share. As we sit and eat it together, I ask.  "So you took Greg to an AA meeting?"
"Yeah. I dropped him off at the church where the meetings are held. Why?"  A gob of whipped cream slides off his spoon and lands on my side. I fight him for it briefly, with a spoon sword fight, and he gives up. I eat it and answer him, with a victorious smile on my face. 
"Heather said something about him talking to a friend on the phone about meeting up for drinks."
A 'v' forms between his eyes. "Is she sure?  I mean, the guy's pretty clean and has been for almost a year." His face colors slightly. "I can't tell you how I know this, but, he can't wait to get through his first sober year so he can be in a relationship again."
"Horny?" I ask, stuffing my mouth with banana. 
He almost chokes. "What?"
I bark out a laugh, watching his face turn pink. "I was referring to Greg?I wasn't?" I can't finish the sentence. 
His eyes bulge as relief sweeps over his face. "Jeez."
"Why on earth would I ask you that?" I point out. 
"I don't know?whipped cream?hotdogs?" he can't look at me. 
I lift a hand. "I get it."  I shake my head. 
He laughs once again and suddenly it's contagious. We keep laughing every time we try to look at each other. This goes on for a couple of minutes, until we're gasping for air and wiping our eyes. 
"Oh?man. My stomach hurts." He chuckles, placing a hand on his belly. 
"Mine too." I giggle. "I think that's enough ice cream."
"Good idea." He rises, taking the almost empty tray to the trash. When he comes back, he asks if I'm ready to go. 
"Sure. Let's head back."
I rise and we head to his car. "All kidding aside, do you think there's any discrete way to poke around and see if Greg has fallen off the wagon?  I mean, I'd like to help him out if he's on the edge, you know?"
"I don't think there's a discrete way?unless I like, follow him around or actually attend one of those AA meetings with him."
"Maybe you could do that?go to a meeting with him. Or I can. And maybe we could both kind of hang around him more often."
Daniel's hand goes to his chin as he scratches it contemplatively. "I don't know if you spending more time with him is such a great idea."
"Why not?"
"In case you didn't notice?he has a crush on you."
"No he doesn't." I argue. 
We hit a stop light. Daniel's face changes, and I notice my stomach gurgles in the quiet. Daniel gives me a pointed look. "He totally does."
That voice in my mind calls to me. It says, "and what about you?"

Chapter 10
Daniel
My stomach is bubbling, and I can hear hers, too. "You feeling okay?" I ask her. 
"A little queasy from the ice cream, I think. You?"  Her expression is somewhat sour.
As we get closer to her house, I feel sicker and sicker. She's looking kind of green, too. "I left my books at your place. Do you mind if I come in for a minute to pick them up?"
"No.  Not at all." She says, holding her stomach. 
"You okay?" I touch her arm.
"I'll feel better once I have some water." She answers unconvincingly. 
Once we get to her house, she doesn't even remove her shoes before she trots to the bathroom. "Make yourself at home." She says in her wake. 
I'm torn between racing home or using her spare washroom. Assuming she has one. "You have another bathroom?" I shout from the doorway. 
"Baseme-" she tries to say, and I hear it. The same thing I know I'm about to do. I run downstairs and just make it. Afterwards, as I rinse my mouth by bending under the faucet, I can hear her running the water as well. 
Walking upstairs I see Kayla looks like I feel. "I heard you, did you hear me?" I ask her. 
"Yeah, after I ralphed again."
I sigh. "I think it's pretty safe to say that we both got food poisoning."
She lifts her hand. "Don't even say it.  I can't even think about it."
"I know." I purse my lips together. Her face says, 'please don't leave'.
"How about we go lay on the couch?" I offer, knowing if she feels any bit as miserable as I do, all modesty is out the door. 
"Too far." She whines. "Bed."
I'm not even thinking about the thing that you think I'm thinking about. "Okay."
I follow her to her room and lay on the bed. Only about ten minutes goes by before she runs to the washroom again.  I'm not far behind her.  I run downstairs, once again, just making it.  Grabbing the trash bin beside the toilet, I decide this is a much better option.  I don't want to make a mess at her place.  Three hours later, me, Kayla, and the trash can, are laying on the bathroom floor.
"You'd tell me if I was going to die, right?" she pants, her voice is a mere whisper.
"It feels like it." I say with a grunt, as I lift my head, eying the two bath towels hanging on the rack behind us.  "Do you care about these towels?  Can we use them for pillows?"
"Burn them for all I care right now." 
I hand her one, helping her prop her head on it.  I lay next to her.  Neither of us cares that our breath is atrocious.  We're breathing in each other's faces practically.  "We need to get water somehow." I whisper.  I'm so weak I can't keep my eyes open.  
"There's the tap." She says, eyes closed.  "But I can't get up to reach it."
"I see a cup on the bathtub ledge."
"Been around for years.  I use it to clean the tub."
It takes all my strength, but I manage to get up and walk to the kitchen.  I find two cups and walk back to the bathroom, filling them both.  "Drink slow. Like a couple of ounces every ten minutes.  Any more than that and it'll be immediately recycled."
"Can't we take Gravol or Immodium?"
"It's best to let it go through the system.  It'll pass soon.  It's already slowing down."
She sighs.  "You suck."
"You're the one with the bright idea to eat from that hotdog vendor." I manage a slight chuckle as I lay next to her, sliding a finger down her face.  
"It could have happened anywhere." She winces.
"You're right.  I've heard of friends going to fancy restaurants and getting sick."
"There.  See?" 
We both drift off for a while.  When I wake up, Kayla must sense that she's on the floor, because she wakes up, too.  "C'mon.  We should get up off this floor.  It can't be good for us." I say, lifting her head off the towel.  "I think the worst part of it is over now."
Her eyes are half closed, but she manages to move slowly with me.  We make our way to her bed and flop on.  When I open my eyes again, I look at her alarm clock, and it reads that it's almost eight o'clock in the morning.  Kayla is completely out of it next to me.  "Shit.  We're both going to dehydrate." I say, lifting slowly to go get our water from the bathroom. She doesn't hear me, but when I return, I call her name.
"What time is it?" she asks.
"It's eight. Here.  Drink a little." I hand her the glass and she takes a small sip.
"I feel like the dog's breakfast." She says after drinking. 
"Same here." I take a sip of my water and lay next to her again. "I haven't ever had this experience with a girl before. Or anyone for that matter."
"That makes two of us." Her eyes close again but she whispers. "I never thought I'd ever sleep on the bathroom floor again."
"Again?" I manage a snuffled laugh. 
"I'll give you one guess as to which other night I slept on the bathroom floor."
"Wow, you must have been just wasted."
"I'm a lightweight." She shrugs, opening her eyes slightly. 
"With hotdogs too, evidently."
She groans. "God, don't ever say that word again. I'm never eating one, or being near one, ever again."
"Ditto." I bury my face in the pillow and then come back up for air. "You got any chicken broth?"
Her face scrunches. 
"For later. Not now." I chuckle, patting her back. 
"Yeah. I've got all the chosen hangover food. Courtesy of Heather." She draws in a breath. "I need to get out of these clothes. I must have sweat a load with all the puking."
"Go ahead. I won't look."
"You sure?  You won't feel uncomfortable if I put my pyjamas on?"
"Kayla, I'm a doctor in training. I've seen pretty much everything."  I swallow. "Besides, you could be the hottest woman on earth right now and I wouldn't care. This pillow is much more enticing to me at the moment."
I feel her slowly lift off the bed, groaning. Then shuffling. A minute later she's back in bed and under the covers. 
"If you're more comfortable in your underwear under the covers, go ahead. You could be a Chippendale's model and I won't care. Like you said." She closes her eyes and snuggles into the bed. 
"I'm alright for now." I pause. "So I'd have to leave my underwear on, huh." I'm matter-of-fact as I tease. 
"I'm not interested in anything to do with any kind of wiener right now." 
I chuckle. She laughs softly. 
"No offence."
"None taken."
I'm still on top of the blankets, while she's now under them. Even though I'm fully clothed, I'm freezing. 
"You cool with me sliding under the blankets, or would you rather me get a blanket from the closet?"
"Whatever you like." She says so softly I can barely hear her. 
"Okay. I'm taking my pants off. They're digging into my belly."
She sighs. Her eyes haven't opened. "You can strip naked, Daniel. I don't care." And guessing by her tone, she really doesn't. I usually sleep in just underwear, but I'm freezing, so I leave my shirt on. As I remove my pants, I realize how weird it is hopping into bed with someone. It's been a long time for me. But I'm feeling so rotten I doubt I can drive myself home yet. Kayla's bed is so toasty warm with her in it that I fall asleep instantly.
What seems like hours later, I awake to her front door knocking. I'm facing Kayla. Her eyes open and she doesn't look fazed as the lock turns. "Relax. It's just my Gramma Mary." Her voice is gravelly from sleep. 
"Will she freak out because I'm here?" My voice is gravelly, too.  
"No. I'll explain." She turns over when she hears her grandmother call her. 
"I'm here, Nana." She musters. It seems to take all the strength from her. 
"Sorry, love.  I was just dropping off the parcels I got for you." I hear the voice coming closer and closer.  This doesn't sound like a Nana.  My Nana's voice trembles and is so weak you have to put your ear right up to her face to decipher what she's trying to say.
When she's at the door, she hesitates.  "Kayla?"
I look up.  This Nana Mary does not look like a Nana, either. She can't be more than sixty.  She's got blondish white hair cut in a tasteful angle at her shoulders.  Trim and fit, she's wearing a pair of grey dress pants with sandals and a white blouse.  
"I'm sick." Kayla explains.  She gestures with her head towards me.  "We're both sick.  This is Daniel.  He's in my class.  We went for a movie and hotdogs after our project meeting yesterday, and we both got food poisoning."
She tilts her head in compassion. "Oh, dear.  Hi Daniel." 
"Hi." I say, remembering that I'm in my underwear under here, vetoing the idea of getting up to give her a handshake.  Kayla's 'we're sick' story might not fly if I'm found half naked, laying next to her granddaughter.  "Sorry to meet under the circumstances."
"That's okay, dear." She addresses Kayla.  "Where did you eat that made you so sick?"
"Hotdog vendor outside the Cineplex." Kayla groans.
Mary winces.  "Oh?love."
"I know." Kayla lifts a hand.  
"Do you need anything?" Mary asks.
"The will to live." Kayla groans; her voice drips with sarcasm.
I snark out a little giggle.
"All because of a stupid bet." She adds.
"What kind of bet?" Mary is intrigued.
"Never mind, Nana.  I'm too tired to talk."
"Alright.  Really, dear, do you need anything?  I'm home now."
Kayla perks up a little.  "Have you seen mom?"
"Yes, I just came from there.  Your mother is doing well.  She asked about you, and I told her I was coming straight here."
"I should probably go see her later."
"I'm going back to have dinner with her later, dear.  If you're still not well, I'll pass the message along."
"Okay.  I'll be in touch.  I don't need anything, either, but thanks."
"Okay, love.  I'll let you two rest." She winks at me and I feel my face heat.  "It was nice to meet you, Daniel."
"Likewise." I raise my hand without lifting my head off the pillow.  Thank God I had the sense to leave my shirt on.  At least she can see that I'm not naked under here.
We hear Mary leave and Kayla turns over to face me again.  "You handled that well."
"What's to handle?  We both look like we've been reincarnated as dish rags."
"Well?still.  You could have been weird about it, but you weren't."
Kayla's face is pale, but when she smiles at me, she gets some color in her cheeks.  
I chuckle.  "I wasn't about to get up and introduce myself in my underwear, but aside from that, I handled it."
"I would have paid to see that." She giggles.
"Pony up the dough first and invite your Nana back." I tease, motioning to her with my hand.
"Dream on." She pushes my hand away and slides onto her back.  "I need a shower.  Do you want me to throw your clothes in the laundry?"
"You girls.  Anything to get a guy naked."
She gives me a playful shove.  "Seriously."
"Thanks, but I've always got at least a set of clean clothes in my car.  Occupational thing.  I'll go get them when I can find the strength."
"Wooss."
"Never mind.  I'll pay to see you walk into the bathroom unassisted." I'm matter-of-fact.
She looks at me and rolls her eyes indignantly.  I brace myself to help her.  As she slowly rises into a sitting position, she places her hand on her forehead.  "Dizzy?" I ask.
"The room is spinning."
"Dehydration will do that."
"Puking for three hours straight will do that, too."
"True."
"You saw things come out of me that no man should."
"Ditto."  I guffaw.  "I'll remember it always." I snuffle a laugh.
"Nice bedside manner." She snaps gently.
I slowly rise and walk over to her, ignoring my briefs.  Surprisingly, I'm not dizzy.  I stick my hand out.  "C'mon, we'll do this together."
She takes my hand and slowly removes her butt from the bed.  I cradle her hand in mine as we walk to the bathroom, step-by-step.  "Almost there." I say as we turn the corner.  "I'd take a bath if I were you.  You might fall in the shower." I let her hand go as we reach the tub.  "How about I bring you your water and you can sip that while you soak?"
"Sure.  Thanks." She breathes, leaning over to start the water.  
"I'm going to go out to my car and grab my clothes, okay?  Two minutes."
She nods without looking my way.  
An hour later, we're both sitting on the couch, freshly cleaned, sipping chicken broth.  "How do you feel?" I ask her.
"A million times better than twelve hours ago."
"Same here." 
We're watching television. A Purolator commercial comes on, and Kayla abruptly changes the channel.  I look at her as she tosses the remote on the couch as if it's covered in feces.  "What's up?" I ask.
"Nick works for them.  Gives me the creeps every time I see this commercial." She shudders.
She's sitting on the opposite end of the couch from me, curled up with her knees tucked under her.  My hand finds her knee and I give it a squeeze.  "It's still so fresh, isn't it." I state.
"Kind of." She looks at me.  "What did your ex do for a living?"
"Flight attendant?at first.  That's how we met when I was deployed."
"So do you shudder every time you see a commercial for an airline?" she asks matter-of-factly, as though she expects my answer to be yes.
"No.  Like I said before, I'm over her.  I'm just not over what she did to me."
"Same here.  I just don't like remembering.  Seeing stuff that reminds me of him only reminds me of what he did to me.  I have no yearning for him at all.  Heather thinks I'm lying whenever I say that, but it's the truth.  He could have walked out five years ago, and I wouldn't have stopped him.  A woman knows when her husband is cheating on her.  It's a gut instinct."
"Yeah, well, I obviously didn't pay attention to the signs.  She did it right under my nose and I was blind."
"You weren't blind, you were deployed."  Kayla points out.  "Give yourself some credit."
"Yeah.  I know." I look at her. "Thanks."
She looks at me and grins warmly, inching her way towards me.  Suddenly she's at my side with this glow on her face.  I lift my arm and place it over her shoulders, and she cuddles into me.  "You know I've seen things come out of you that no man should." I say, stroking her side.
"Yeah, well, you've seen everything.  You're a doctor."  She pats my belly.  "And I've seen you in your underwear."
"At least your grandmother didn't."
We both chuckle.  "And I'm not a doctor yet."
"Potato, potatoe." She pats me again.
We lounge on the couch together for the rest of the afternoon.  It was hard to say goodbye.  Even sick, that's the best time I've had in a long time.

Chapter 11
Kayla
When the alarm goes off Monday morning, I jump out of bed, feeling so excited about the day.  Not so much the going to work part, but the going to school part.  I'm loving being in school.  So many positive things have already happened because of it.  I've met some great people, including making a great friend: Daniel.  Plus, I get to host these weekly project meetings.  It feels great.  I knew it would.  Hard to believe that a week ago I was feeling so down.  What a difference a week makes.
As I walk towards the classroom, I see Daniel standing outside.  "Hey," he says, giving me a warm smile.  "How are you feeling?" he busses me on the cheek quickly and I reciprocate as he gives me a little hug.
"Better.  You?"
"Good."  He looks at me and smiles.  "I wanted to call you last night, but I figured you'd be sleeping.  My brother had some friends over, and they were making a ton of noise.  Hence the text. I hate texting, by the way.   I was this close to taking a drive so I could give you a call." He pinches his thumb and index fingers together when he says, 'this close'.
"Ah, that's okay.  I went to bed early anyway."
"Did you go see your mom?"
"No, Nana Mary was with her.  I called her though.  She told me to stay home and rest, so I did.  I'll go visit her tomorrow night."
"Tell her I said hi." 
"If you're not busy, you can come with me.  I'm sure that'll put a smile on her face."
"I'd love to, but I have a shift at the hospital tomorrow night."
"What time?"
"Five until?whenever." He shrugs.  "It's usually at least until midnight.  And I'm in school until four."
"Oh, that's too bad." I purse my lips together into a smile.
"But I'm free Wednesday before school."
"And you won't be completely exhausted?"
He waves. "Na, I'm used to it."
"Okay.  We can go see her then."
"Sounds good." He leans in close and lowers his voice as other students walk past.  "Hey, I'll talk to Greg later about what Heather said."
I nod.  "Oh, okay.  I think that's a good idea."
He tilts his head slightly.  "Why the concern?  I mean, you barely know the guy.  Do you?maybe have a crush on him?" he frowns, his eyes are dancing with?what?  Humor?  Teasing?  Either way, it's very cute.
My face is blank. "No.  Not at all.  I just figured?why not help another human being, you know?  Pay it forward.  He's got a kid, too, and that raises the stakes."
"Can't beat that maternal instinct." He tilts his head again.  "Fair enough.  I'll help another human being, too."
I lean in and kiss his cheek.  "You already have." I pat his chest.  "Come on.  Let's go find a seat before all the good ones are taken."
As we find two vacant seats, Daniel sits behind me and taps me on the shoulder.  "Have you got your little cut up numbers with you?" 
I turn around to face him.  "You keep asking me that and you're going to be eating them for dinner tomorrow night."
"Ouch." He cuffs me on the shoulder as I turn away.  Gladstone walks in just then.  Daniel makes a sound like the intro to the Twilight Zone.  I turn slightly so I can kick him from under the desk.  "Behave." He says, pulling a lock of my hair.
"You behave!" I hiss at him, smiling. He chuckles, rubbing my arm.
We're asked to finish the assignment from last class, and Daniel does the talking for us.  Most of the class ends up being theory and taking notes, and I hear Daniel yawning a couple of times while Gladstone blathers on.  I kick him and he pulls my hair.  This is just like Kindergarten, but funner.  We do get a brief assignment to do in groups towards the end of class, and luckily, Daniel is paired with Greg.  I want to be a fly on the wall, because I'm sure that Daniel will use the opportunity to ask Greg about the phone call Heather witnessed.
As we're dismissed from class, Greg and Daniel head towards the door.  I scurry along to meet up with them.  "Hey," I say, catching up.
"Hey, pretty lady." Greg says, giving me a once-over.  I see Daniel's expression through the corner of my eye.  It looks like he's annoyed.  Either that, or he's trying to prove his earlier point: that he thinks Greg has a crush on me.
"Hey, how's it going?" I say.
"Going good.  Wasn't that about the world's most boring class ever?"
I shrug.  "It was okay. Although I caught Daniel yawning a few times."
"Only because my idiot brother kept me up half the night with his buddies." Daniel says.
"Whoaaa!  Don't let Gladstone catch you getting shuteye on his watch." Greg warns playfully.
"Don't sweat it." Daniel lifts a hand.  "Kayla kicked me so I'd stay awake."
"Good girl." Greg gives me a thumbs up.  "And thanks for worrying about me, sweetie.  Daniel here told me about your friend overhearing my convo.  Don't sweat it, babe.  My friends meet for drinks all the time, and I go with them.  I just don't drink. But I appreciate the concern." He says honestly, as he stops in his tracks and gives me a hug.  
"Oh, you're welcome." I hug him back.  He rubs my back, going a little too close to my rear end than I'm comfortable with, but then he backs off.  Daniel looks about as comfortable as a kid watching his parents make out.  He's staring at a spot on the floor on the opposite side of us.  
"You need a ride home, man?" Daniel asks, trying to break the tension.
"Sure, if you don't mind." 
We walk to the parking lot and Daniel doesn't hesitate to hug me goodbye.  "I'll see you tomorrow night." he says into my ear.
"Yeah.  Come by when you're finished school."
"Sounds good."
Greg winks at me.  "See you Wednesday."
"See you."
On the drive home, my phone rings.  It's Heather.  "So?" she opens with.
I giggle.  "So what?"
"Did you find out what happened with that Greg guy?"
"Yeah.  He says he goes to the bars with his friends all the time but he doesn't drink.  I suppose after a year of being sober, he might have gotten used to it."
"Alright.  I don't believe him, but I'll let it go." She says, relenting.
"So what happened after I left Saturday?  Did Daniel go home right away, or did you two hang out?"
"Ugh," I grunt.  "We got sick like dogs."
"WHAT?" she shrieks.  "What happened?"
I explain, leaving out the part where Nana Mary comes over and catches us in bed together, and she sighs. "Oh my God, Kayla!  Nobody eats there anymore!  I'm surprised they even let that nose picking yahoo serve there!"
"Well, don't yell at me.  That's the first movie I've been to in years.  How am I supposed to know?"
"Well, you know now."  She pauses.  "How was class tonight?"
"Good.  A little theory-ish, but I'm a nerd, so I liked it."
"What are you doing now?"
"Going home.  How's Barry feeling?  Did his bladder infection go away?"
"Yeah,"
"Did you get any yet?" I giggle, teasing.
"Not yet.  But I'm going to try tonight.  Wait, why am I telling you this?  And more importantly?why are you asking?" she chuckles.
"I don't know." I laugh.  "I was just concerned.  I've never heard you talk so dirty before.  I had no idea you had it in you."
"Speaking of which?how is that fox doing?"
"He's fine.  And he's not a fox?he's my classmate and friend." I correct.
"You gotta admit?he's hot as hell."
"Like I said, he's my friend and my classmate.  I can't be mixing things together; that'll only complicate things."
"So you at least admit that he's attractive?"
"He's okay." I lie.  He's the hottest thing I've ever seen, but I'm never telling her that.  "He's also got a lot of emotional baggage."
"Well, then you're perfect for each other." 
"Thanks." My voice drips with sarcasm.  "Not the kind of relationship I want to get involved in.  Plus, like I said, it would complicate things."
"At least sleep with him and go out with him a few times.  Get the rebound thing out of the way."
"I will not!  And I won't use him like that!  I can't believe you'd even suggest that."
"Relax.  I'm kidding." She giggles.  "Seriously.  I get it.  If you don't feel it you don't feel it." a pause.  "Can I at least pretend and live vicariously?  At least until I'm out of this dry spell?"
I huff.  "Fine.  But quit suggesting that I sleep with him." Because I already have, technically.  "I feel like a cheap whore when you talk like that about me."
"Please. Honey, if you're a cheap whore, what does that make our other friends?"
"Good point."  I pull up to my house.  "Gotta go.  I'll talk to you later."
"Nighty night.  I know who I'm dreaming of later." She teases.
"Goodbye, horn bag."
She giggles and clicks off.
What the hell am I going to do with her?

Chapter 12
Daniel
Don't ask me why, but I'm pumped about going to see Margaret tonight.  It's probably because of the horrible accident that happened on the highway today.  Twenty victims from three collisions arrived in the Emergency Department, and I had to assist in all of them.  Two made it.  It's been one of those days where I just need to see hope again.  I had to witness doctors telling their loved ones that they're gone forever, and I had to assist in the clean up of the bodies and taking them off the gurneys, down to the morgue.  What a day.  When I show up at Kayla's, as I give her a hug hello, I hold on a little longer.
"Are you okay?" she asks softly, her voice is laced with concern as I hold her against me.
"Had a really awful day.  Just need a hug."
Her hand grasps the back of my neck. "Oh. I'm sorry." She skates her fingers through the hair at the back of my head, making my eyes close instinctively.  I draw in a deep breath and let it out, clinging her to my body.  It feels so goddamn comforting, I don't want to let go.  I give her one more squeeze and release her.
"Thanks." I say, dividing my glance between both her eyes. "Sometimes we all just need a hug."
She tilts her head and traces a finger over the hair at the back of my ear.  "Aw.  You can have a hug whenever you like."
"You too." I lean in and kiss her forehead.
"Are you hungry?" she smiles.
I hadn't noticed until now how freaking amazing it smells in here.  "Starving.  What've you got?"
"Spaghetti and meatballs, and salad."
I just got a digestive hard-on.  "I've died and gone to heaven."
"Sit. It's ready so we can eat and go, and still make it to class."
"You're an angel." I gush.  
"I love cooking.  If I have an excuse to cook, I pull out all the stops."
"And this is all Keto-friendly?"
She looks down her nose at me.  "Of course.  The noodles are made from vegetables."
"You thought of everything."
She brings me a plate after I wash my hands.  We eat together in silence since we're both starving.  The meal is out of this world.  "Kayla?really?you should be a chef."
"I love cooking healthy.  That's why I'm going to become a dietician."
"It suits you well." I shake my head, looking at her as I wipe my mouth with a napkin.  "I'll recommend you to all my colleagues.  You'll be world class."
She waves. "Stop."
"I'm serious.  Come on.  Let's get cleaned up so we can go."
She lifts her eyebrows at me, feigning seduction.  "Talk dirty to me." then she rolls her tongue playfully, making a sexy sound.  
"Well, if that's all I have to do." I chuckle, matter-of-factly.
She breaks out of character.  "I'll go get a clean towel. You want to wash or dry?"
"Whatever you hate, I'll do."
"I like both."
"You wanna flip for it?" 
"Na, you wash.  I'll dry."
As we wash the dishes together, Kayla whips the towel at me after I flick water at her.  It's hard to tell if we have a brother-sister kind of relationship, or just a playful friends kind of thing going on.  Either way, it's fun.  "You ready?" I say, sliding the towel over my shoulder.
"Are you going to go with that draped over your arm?" she giggles.
"No.  I was just seeing if you were paying attention." I tease.
We take my car.  As we arrive at the home, Margaret is being wheeled around the reception area by a nurse.  Her oxygen is in the back of the wheelchair and her mask is hanging on the side, off her face.  "Hi, mom!" Kayla gushes, bending to give her mother a kiss on the cheek.
"Hi, baby.  I told them you were coming, so they gave me a ride out here so I could meet you."
"What a nice surprise." Kayla looks at the nurse and nods, dismissing her politely.
"Take it easy, now.  She likes to race with that thing if you catch her in the right mood." The nurse warns playfully.
"Don't worry, ma'am, we'll make sure she stays in low gear." I say.
"Is that Daniel?" Margaret asks, her face aglow.
"It is.  How are you doing today?" I bend down to kiss her other cheek.
"Aw, how precious.  I'm doing great.  How are you?  I heard you two got really sick." Concern is registered on her face.
"Oh, we're good now.  Kayla took good care of me."
"I taught her well." She smiles warmly.  
"Mom, did you want to go outside?  Can I go get your sweater?"
"Whatever you two like, dear.  How long can you stay?"
"Not too long.  We have class tonight."  Kayla answers.
"Okay, then.  We'll just stay in here.  I don't want to keep you."
"It's okay, mom.  We have time." Kayla says.
"Let's go back to my room then.  I have something for you, Kayla."
Kayla pushes Margaret back to her room as I follow in behind.  When we arrive at the room, Kayla brings her to the sitting area, where we each take a seat around Margaret.  "Kayla, honey, bring me that box over on the bedside table please."
Doing as instructed, Kayla walks over to the nightstand and picks up a small, dark wood box, and brings it to Margaret.  "Here you go." She puts it in her lap.
"I've been meaning to give these to you for a while, but now I have all the more reason." Margaret opens the box. It's empty except for two small gold rings inside.  One looks broken.  "The other day, when Nana Mary was here, my wedding band broke." She lifts the ring up, as if she can see it herself, but I assume it's for Kayla's benefit. "I should have put this away years ago, but I haven't, and now that it's broken, I'll give it to you, so you can get it repaired and give it to my future granddaughter."
Kayla's smile fades.  "Oh, mom?why don't I get it repaired for you, and then you can just wear it again." The disappointment is evident in her voice.  It's like this offering from her mother is a final nail in the casket.
"I told you, I should have put these rings away years ago when your father left, but foolishly, I didn't.  And now my wedding band broke.  It's a sign, Kayla."
"They're old, mom.  It's not a sign. Besides, your engagement ring is fine.  Why don't you put that back on and I'll get your wedding band fixed?"
Margaret's face turns somewhat cold and blank.  "Kayla, I'm not going to be around much longer."
Kayla inches back from her mother, as though she suddenly insulted her.  "Mom, please?don't talk like that?especially in front of Daniel."
I don't know where to look.  I can feel the tension in the air. 
Margaret ignores her daughter's statement. "When I die, they'll just take all my jewelry.  It's better if you have it for safe keeping."
Kayla takes the rings, her hands clearly shaking.  "Okay, mom.  I'll take them." She tucks them into her pants pocket and rakes a hand through her hair. Her hands are still shaking, and her voice quivers. "I didn't even get a chance to ask Nana Mary how her trip was.  Did she tell you?"  Nice recovery.
I want to reach out and grasp Kayla's hand, but I know sometimes that makes things worse.  
"Oh, she had a grand time, as always." The warmth in Margaret's face has returned.  "Mexico sounds lovely.  I never went."
"Me neither." Kayla says.  Margaret coughs and wheezes.  Kayla rises and helps her put the oxygen mask on.  "Do you want to lie down?"
Margaret nods and Kayla wheels her over to the bed.  We both help her get in and pull the sheets over her.  She wheezes again before saying.  "You two should get going.  I don't want you to be late for school."
"Okay, mom.  Get some rest." 
"Take care, Mrs. White." I say.  As we walk out the door, I see Kayla close the door slowly, as if she's afraid to make a noise.  She's not looking at me; her eyes are off in the distance.  
"I'll just stay a minute to make sure she's okay." Kayla says, her voice is quivering again.  
"Okay." I murmur, standing next to her.  Her hair smells like coconuts, and for some reason, I can feel it in my bones that she wants to cry, but she's holding it in.  Draping an escaped lock of hair over her ear, I ask.  "You okay?"
She licks her lips and tries but fails at nonchalant.  "When she talks like that, no."  Instead, I hear her draw in a deep, ragged breath, and hold it.  
"Come here." I put my arm around her, and she leans her face into my chest, as I grasp the back of her neck.  When the breath she was holding releases, it comes out in a small whimper, and then a series of shorter whimpers.  Her body shudders as she cries into me.  I kiss her head, rub her back, rock her slowly as we stand alone in the hallway.  Her arms are around my middle as she sobs quietly.  My head leans on hers as we sway in silence.  I've never had the pleasure of comforting anyone like this before.  In my line of work, it's very perfunctory.  You say what needs to be said and walk away, politely giving your condolences.  Here, sure, Kayla could have cried alone if I wasn't with her, but how many times has she done that?  As long as I'm here, she'll never have to cry alone again, if I can help it.  
Drawing in a deep breath, Kayla lifts her head.  Her arms snake upwards, around my neck, so we're nose-to-nose.  Her face is reddened from tears, and her face is wet.  Her eyes look a little swollen, too.  But other than that, God, she's so beautiful.  I remove my hands from her waist and wipe her tears away with my thumbs.  "Thank God for makeup." I joke, grinning.
She ignores my playful jibe and leans in, giving me a soft kiss on the lips.  I kiss her back quickly.  "Thank you, Daniel.  I needed that."
"Like I said earlier?sometimes we all need a hug."
"Okay, then you owed me one from earlier."
I smile.  "Well, then I was happy to pay up."

Chapter 13
Greg
As I hang up my phone I smile.  The credit card company has been easily dodged again.  Bills keep piling up, but I'm one step ahead, always.  Trips, clothes, eating at fancy restaurants, buying crazy stuff, but most of all, buying for Shyla, is the best of all.  Shyla, my four year old daughter, is the best thing that ever happened to me.  Sure, I can't buy her love, according to Tina, her mother, but she sure doesn't complain when I bring her or Shyla expensive stuff.  Tina doesn't need to know where it came from, or that the stuff was bought from someone else's credit card number.  So long as I pay her child support on time and in full, that's all she needs to worry about.
The craziest thing I ever bought was a seat in this nutrition course.  I had to pull a few strings to get in, but when I saw the student roster, courtesy of my genius friend who can hack into anything-hence the stolen credit card numbers-I had to get in somehow.  This buddy of mine, Frank, he's the same guy who trucks me around to these phony AA meetings.  Sure, it's a ruse, but it provides collateral for the pathetic image I portray to my fellow suckers.  Once, I pretended to be in a wheelchair.  You'd be surprised how many sorry assholes fork over their money for a guy in a wheelchair, especially when he lost his said ability to walk in the military.  They drool all over you when that happens.  Trouble is, nobody wants to fuck a guy in a wheelchair, so after not getting laid for two months, I gave that shit up.
This academic thing is going really well.  Chicks dig the guy with the kid who's trying to clean up.  And the pre-med loser is eating out of my hands.  I'm telling you, he's one step away from asking me to live with him rent free.  Of course, the basement apartment is also a ruse.  So's the DUI.  My wheels are parked nicely in the closed garage at my swanky pad in the affluent neighborhood where I live.  I'm actually a self-employed investment banker, and I make a shit ton of money.  This little gig is my side act. 
Sure, Tina wonders where I get all the money.  She has no idea where I actually live since I moved out.  I give her cash and I visit Shyla on her turf.  The breakup is true.  Being secretive and unavailable tends to make a partner suspicious of adultery in a relationship.  None of that was going on, but I made her think that.  It was better that she believed that than the truth.  The truth would get her wheels turning and I don't want to get caught.  
This little honey in the part-time course I'm taking is giving me serious wood every time I see her.  I think this Daniel guy has it for her, though.  And I think she's warming up to him, too.  I'll push a little with her and see what happens. She could be one of those types of chicks who likes to play hard to get.  Or maybe she likes it that two guys are into her, and she wants to see which one'll put up a fight.  With her long hair and tight ass, she's worth fighting for.  Daniel said she's worried about me.  Her nosey, fat friend overheard me talking with my boys about meeting up for some brewskies.  Yeah, I've got a big mouth sometimes, but I'm good at covering my tracks, so it's all cool.  Anyway, Kayla was all worried about me.  I bet I make her wet.  The thought of a recovered alcoholic with a kid is too intriguing.  I like it.  
Daniel's got the bread, too, man.  I could squeeze a little out of him, I'm sure.  His house is nicer than mine, and that pisses me off.  His kid brother is rich, too.  He's having a house custom made.  Maybe I'll see if I can squeeze some out of him, too.  Frank'll do some digging for me and find out what this family's net worth is.  Looks like I could retire early if I can get my tentacles in and out fast enough.  I've got lots of time, anyway.  The course runs for four months; that's longer than it's ever taken me to pull off a stunt.  
Kayla doesn't have bread, but she's got quite an ass.  I'd love to suck her tits and lick her clit until she whines.  Slam her up against a wall and fuck her brains out until she begs me to stop.  Maybe if she knows I haven't been laid in like a year, she might give it up easier.  Of course, that isn't true, I've been laid lots of times, that story is just part of my gig.  And it works.  Surprisingly well, too.  I just have to plant the seed in the right spots, and boom, I've got myself a fucking garden?haha.  Yeah.  
Frank gives me a ride to class tonight.  Kayla and Daniel are standing outside the classroom, chatting, as always.  I give my brother a handshake and hug the hottie, wanting like hell to squeeze her ass, but I don't.  Class is so fucking boring, but it gives me an in.  We're meeting again on Saturday at Kayla's house, and that's where I'll start planting.  "Greg, are you able to make it on Saturday to Kayla's?"
"Sure, man.  Same bat time?Same bat channel?" 
Kayla chimes in.  "Yes.  Will you need a ride?"
With you baby, sure.  "I can get a ride.  It's cool."
"Why don't I come and pick you up?" Kayla offers.  
"I can bring him." Daniel interrupts.  Damn!
"I can probably get my buddy to drive me." I say coolly, not breaking a sweat, even though it's totally making my inner self howl that these two are fighting over me.  
"That same friend who stiffed you at school last week?" Daniel says. 
"I don't want to trouble you, man.  He's my friend and he owes me so many favors, it'll take him a lifetime to pay up." Lay it on thick, man.
"You have a shift at the hospital on Saturday morning, right?" Kayla addresses Daniel.
"Yeah, but it's from six in the morning until noon.  Plenty of time to go home, take a nap and shower, and head over."
"But you said your shifts never finish on time." Kayla points out.
I love this shit.  It's like being at a ping-pong match watching them fight over me.  "Guys, it's cool.  Seriously.  If my buddy stiffs me, I've got both your numbers."
"But?don't you have AA meetings on Saturday mornings?" Daniel asks.
I wave.  "I can skip one or two."
Daniel and Kayla exchange an alarmed look.  "I'll pick you up and take you to AA, and then Daniel will bring you here later.  If his shift runs way over, I'll come get you." Kayla says firmly, making me hot under the belt.
"Wait?how is he going to get home from AA?" Daniel says to Kayla. I feel like I'm their fucking kid now.  This is getting too weird.
My arm drapes around Kayla's shoulders.  "Look, thanks for all the fussing over me.  Seriously," I rest my hand across the left side of my chest, as if I'm about to sing the Star-Spangled Banner, "I'm feeling the love, guys.  But I can get a ride."
Daniel sticks his hand out.  "Are you sure?" his voice is as firm as Kayla's was a moment ago. My arm is still around her shoulders.  I notice Daniel looks a little pale.  He really doesn't like that I'm touching her.  I like it.  I like it a lot.  Question is: does Kayla like it?  
"Sure, I'm sure." I say nonchalantly, trying like hell not to focus on how close my fingers are to her tit.  
"Alright." Daniel tilts his head.  
I turn to Kayla.  "Listen, sweetie.  Do you want me to bring something?  I'm happy to bring all the food this time."
Daniel pipes in.  "Yeah, we should all chip in.  Tell you what, Greg, this time I'll cover everything, and next time you can.  Sound fair?"
"Sure, whatever works." I look down at Kayla.  She's almost frozen in place.  Bet she hasn't been touched in a while.  She's not looking up at me.  Eye contact avoidance.  That could mean a couple of things.  If she's the shy type, it means she likes it.  If she's not, she would have told me off by now.  Better not ruin a good thing.  I remove my arm from her shoulder.  
"We should head into class." Daniel says, motioning to Kayla to go on ahead.  I try to cut in front so I can grab the closest seat to her, but Daniel butts in and sits right behind her.  I take the seat next to her.  Eat it, shithead.  
Once again, class is all theory-based, which Kayla seems to lap up.  I like that.  The brainy kind of girls are the hottest in the sack. We get notification of our first quiz next week, and I make a mental note to mention studying together with Kayla.  Without Daniel, of course.  As class ends, we all walk out together, and I notice that Daniel walks on one side of Kayla, so I take the other side.  
"Hey, man.  When do you get your licence back?" Daniel asks.
"Soon.  In a couple more weeks I can apply for it."
"You have to apply for it?" Kayla asks.
My hand goes over her shoulder again.  "Yes, sweetheart," I give her my smooth voice, "you have to apply for it.  I even have to take the driver's test again."
"Have you scheduled to do that yet?" Daniel asks.
"Not until the DMV lets me know to go ahead." 
"Ah," Daniel says.  "You need a lift home, or are you going to AA?"
"I'm going home tonight, my friend.  I'm beat."
"How often are you supposed to go?" Kayla asks, looking up at me.  Our faces are so close I could easily kiss her.  
I stare at her lips as I answer her.  "I'm supposed to go once a week as part of my rehab, but I'm encouraged to go as often as possible, especially when I'm feeling like I'm going to fall off the wagon." 
"Do you have a sponsor?" she asks.  God, I love it that she's so concerned about me.  
"Yes, he's an older dude, but he's really cool." Total lie.  I don't know any older dudes, just my dad, and he's dead.
"And how often does he go to meetings?" Daniel asks.
"I see him when I go, but other than that, I'm not sure."
"Well, I'm glad that it's working out for you, Greg.  Really, it's important to stay clean for yourself and for your daughter." Kayla says, looking at me.  I want to plant one on her so bad, but with Daniel watching, I'm afraid he'll deck me one straight in the face.  Let's face it; the guy could take me pretty easily.  I know a little self-defence, but the guy is at least two fifty to my one twenty-ish, and his arms are bigger than my thighs.  He probably bench-presses my weight.  That's the only thing keeping me from jumping Kayla's bones.
As we reach the exit from the building, Kayla removes herself from my grasp.  Daniel looks at her and opens his arms slightly as she goes to him.  "I'll see you later." He kisses the side of her head as they embrace, briefly, but tenderly.
"Yeah, I'll see you." She kisses his cheek.
Shit.  Looks like I'm going to have to lay it on thicker.  Daniel walks in the opposite direction from Kayla.  "You mind if I walk you to your car?" I ask, going for sincerity.
"No, not at all."
"Listen," I say as we start walking.  "I know it's none of my business, but?do you have something going on with Daniel?"
She gives me a fleeting look.  "No, we're just friends."
"Oh, okay.  I just thought?you know?because you guys seem to be really close?"
Her head tilts as she looks at me with a warm grin.  "He's just a really good friend."
"Well, do you mind if I ask you something else?"
"I had a feeling you had something on your mind." She smiles.  "I think Daniel sensed it, too, because he didn't walk me to my car like he usually does."
"Yeah, I kinda have something on my mind, Kayla." I look at her.  "You." A pause.  "Can I take you out for coffee or a movie some time?  You know?after my year is up in a couple of weeks?"
She hesitates, and I think this is done?she's not going to go for it.  "Sure, if it's just as friends?for now." Her expression is pained.  "I'm just getting over a divorce, Greg."
"Oh, shit?I'm sorry.  I didn't know that." Uh?oh.
"That's okay, that's okay." She grasps my arm and gives it a rub.  "I just?need a little time.  But I'd love to go out with you for coffee or a movie.  It sounds like fun." She smiles.
"Okay, cool." I look at her as we arrive at her car.  She purses her lips together in a tight grin and gives me a hug.  I have to step back a bit because of the wood she gives me.  
"Have a good night." she says, getting into her car.
"Yeah, you too." I say.
I'll have a great night?dreaming of you, sweetheart.

Chapter 14
Daniel
There are nail marks in my fists from balling them up so tightly.  It shouldn't bother me, but whenever Greg touches Kayla, which is often, it makes my skin crawl.  The guy is going through a lot of shit, I know.  And I shouldn't be judging him like this.  Far be it for me to stick my nose in there where it doesn't belong.  But God?a little self-control...please?  It's been a hell of a long time since I've had a sexual relationship, too.  But I'm not pawing Kayla.  I let her come to me unless I sense she needs me. Greg needs a lesson in backing the hell off.  I'm surprised that she's not saying anything.  Maybe she does like him after all.  I don't know.  He seemed to want a moment alone with her, and I took the hint.  It's driving me nuts what they're talking about.  If they end up sleeping together?Jesus Christ.  I feel sick thinking about it.  But I have to think rationally here. Kayla isn't like that.  She's not going to climb into bed with him.  
My car is parked way the hell out in the back of the lot.  It takes me almost ten minutes just to walk to it.  The key doesn't even turn in the ignition before I hear my cell phone ringing.  I'm just in time for it to connect with the Bluetooth, so I answer it in the car.  It's Kayla.
"Hey, is everything alright?" I ask, thinking first and foremost, that something happened with her mom.
"Oh my God, Daniel.  Meet me at my place." Her voice is almost a shriek, but there isn't panic or dread, so I know it's not about her mother.
"Okay, I'm on my way." I click off and back out of the spot, pealing out of the lot as quickly as I can.  When I reach her house, I see her car parked in the driveway. I park beside her and knock on the door.
"It's open." She calls from inside.  When I walk in, she's standing by the kitchen sink, downing a glass of water.  "Sorry, I'm so thirsty.  I still feel dehydrated from the food poisoning."
"That makes sense." I frown, removing my shoes and closing the door behind me.  "So, what's up?"
Her eyes widen and she takes a step towards me, placing her hands, palm down, on my chest.  "He asked me out!"
"He WHAT?" I shout, feeling my fists ball up again.
Her hands come off my chest, and immediately rake through her hair.  Her face is distorted she's pulling on her scalp so hard.  "Oh my God!  I didn't know what to say!!  I froze!"
"Well?do you like him?" I ask, choosing my tone carefully.
Her eyes bulge. "God?no!  I mean, he's a nice guy and all, but?no!  I have zero interest in him!"
I lift my hands in the air.  "I don't see the problem."
"He's a recovering alcoholic, Daniel." She barks.  "I don't want to be the reason he falls off the wagon."
"What did you say to him?"
She sighs, releasing her hair.  "I told him I'd love to go out as friends?that I'm just newly divorced, which is the total truth.  But I said yes, and if it were under any other circumstances, I'd say flat-out no." she pauses.  "What if I led him on?  Oh my God, that's even worse!"  another pause.  "Oh my God, I have to call Heather!"
I take her by the arms gently.  "Just relax.  I think you're blowing this whole thing out of proportion." I use the same voice I use when I'm about to administer a needle to a child.  "You told him the truth, and you said you'd like to go out as friends.  You did nothing wrong. You didn't lie to him.  You just let him down gently."
Her fingertips go to her teeth.  "Do you really think so?"
"I really think so." I nod.
"I just?picture him going on a bender now.  He just?seems so fragile."
"I think he's fine.  Sure, he's probably a little bit disappointed.  But, I don't think it's enough to have to talk him down off the ledge."
"Are you sure?"
"I'm sure." I rub her arm.  "You want me to go check on him?"
She gives me a pleading look.  "Can you?"
I chuckle.  "Of course."
"Okay." That gets a smile.  "Thanks."
I give her a tight smile and she leans in for a hug.  As my arms wrap around her body, her arms snake around my neck.  And there it is again?this goddamn good feeling?and I don't want to let go.  She buries her face into my neck, kissing the flesh quickly.  "You're such a great friend, Daniel." Her face buries into my neck again, and I feel it below the belt.  This is new?
At least now I know that part of me isn't dead.  To stop her from kissing me there again, I pull back.  "I should go check on him."
"Okay.  Can you call me?"
"Sure." I smile and head out the door before she can touch me again.  I haven't had to deal with having wood in front of a girl for so long I can't remember.  Suddenly, all I can think about is all the other times that she's touched me.  Before I know it, my hard-on is so huge it hurts to sit behind the wheel.  I'm not even driving to Greg's house.  It's like I'm cruising aimlessly throughout Kayla's neighborhood.  
Focus!  After I shake my head a little, and pull up to a MacDonald's, grabbing myself a drink, I get back on track for the task at hand.  I'll admit I used an ice cube plunked into my underwear, to help shrink the swollen member a little.  When I finally find Greg's house, I walk up to the door at the back, and ring the bell.  No answer.  I knock on the plate glass window and call his name.  No answer.  I figure he's at an AA meeting, so I drive over to the church. I walk in and see that there's no AA meeting there tonight.  Strange.  
After typing in his number, I get his voicemail.  I leave a quick message and hang up.  Driving home, I call Kayla.
"Hey," her voice is gravelly, like she'd fallen asleep.
"Hey.  He's not home.  I tried AA and I called him, no dice."
"Shoot. I really hope he hasn't fallen off the wagon."
"He's probably visiting Shyla.  I wouldn't worry about it."
"At this time of night?"
"You're right.  I don't know what to tell you, Kayla.  I'm sure what happened tonight isn't anything to do with him not being around.  He does have friends, too.  He's probably out with them.  Plus, I don't know what he does for a living.  Maybe he's at work."
"Alright." She yawns.
I chuckle.  "You sound exhausted."
"I am.  I just dozed off."
"I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to wake you."
"That's okay.  I didn't mean to fall asleep.  I literally just fell into bed when you left."
"Alright. Well, I'll let you go and get back to sleep.  Goodnight."
"Goodnight, Daniel."
My phone rings. It's Greg.  
"Hey, buddy, what's up?" he says.
"I just went by your place and you weren't there.  I checked out the church and there's no meeting there tonight.  What gives?" I say lightly, as though he left the lid off the toothpaste; like it's no big deal.
"Yeah, the meeting was cancelled.  Buddy drove me there for nothing.  I felt like shit for it, so I took him out for some grub.  We're just watching the game at his house now.  You looking to hang out?  Wanna come by?"
"Na, I'm almost home now, and I'm beat."
"Okay, cool, dude.  I'll catcha later."
"Okay.  See ya."
I dial Kayla's number.  She answers on the first ring.
"You can call off the search party." I say.  "He's hanging out with his ride."
"Thank?God." She says, sounding much more awake.
"Kayla?no offence?but, you worry too much."
"Ugh?you and my mother should get together." She sighs.  "She tells me the same thing all the time."
"Well, she's right.  You need to calm down.  Greg's a big boy.  He can handle things.  He has to learn, anyway."
"I know.  I just hate it if I'm the cause of someone else's hurt.  I know what it feels like to be hurt, and I wouldn't ever want someone to feel that because of me."
"Sweetie, again, no offence, but sometimes we hurt people without realizing it.  As long as we own up and apologize, it's up to the other person to forgive and move on."
"No wonder my mother likes you so much." Her tone is flat.  
"What are you going to do with the rings?"
"Get them fixed and give them back to her." 
"Really?  Do you think that's what she wants?"
"Like it or not, I'm not taking them."
I sigh and scratch my head as I pull up to my house.  "Kayla.  I don't mean to sound harsh when I say this.  But, she gave you those rings because she wants you to have them.  From what it sounds like, she's wanted you to have them for a long time." I pause for effect.  "Don't you think that giving them back to her is going to hurt her?  It wasn't what?a minute ago?that you said you hate being the cause of someone else's hurt."
Silence.
"Kayla?  Are you still there?" I ask, staring at my Bluetooth screen.
"Yeah," her voice is a mere whisper.  I hear her sniffle.  Shit, I made her cry.  Idiot!  "You're right." Her voice raises an octave, and I know she's crying.  I back my car out of the driveway and out on to the main road.  "I never really?looked at it like that before." She sniffles.  "My mother's been trying to give me things from her jewelry box for years."  she pauses and I let her take some breaths.
"And what do you do when she tries?" I ask slowly, carefully.
"I usually refuse.  In fact, if you hadn't been there, I would have done the same." Another pause.
"Kayla, sweetie, she deserves better than that.  She knows her time has been coming for a long time, and she wants to go in peace.  If you keep refusing to let her go, she'll never have that peace."
A whimper comes from her throat.  "Oh?God, Daniel?I wish?I wish I had so many more years with her.  I guess I'm being a selfish little kid when it comes down to it."
"Well, now is the time to change that.  You taking her rings made her feel better.  She knows that they'll be well looked after with you."  She softly whimpers and I keep silent, letting her vent.
"What am I going to do without her, Daniel?  God, she's been on death row for as long as I've been alive, practically.  I always say that, but I never really believed it.  It's like she's invincible.  Like her time will never come.  The doctors have been saying for years that she's only got this many months or that many years to live?" she gasps and swallows.  "Hold on a second.  I have to pull myself together. There's someone at the door."
"Okay."  
I hear her blow her nose on the other end of the line.  Then footsteps.  And then, as I stand at her doorstep with my phone in my ear, she opens the door.  At first, her face is a pasted-on smile, but when she sees me, she seems to fall apart, but at the same time, her face is alight.  Practically jumping into my arms, she buries her face into my neck again, and I lift her off the floor, holding her tightly around the waist.  Turning slightly, I close the door as she whimpers and sobs into my body.  We stand at her doorway, me holding her up so her feet are dangling, for what seems like an eternity.  
She seems to let go of years of pain as she cries on my shoulder.  I wish I could take the pain away.  I wish I could cure her beloved mother of every ailment that she has, just so Kayla can live without this agony.  When I finally set her feet back on the floor, she kisses my neck again, and snuggles back into me.  I could so get used to this kind of affection.  I've never had this?raw, open, vulnerable, all-or-nothing kind of friendship with anyone.  I never knew something like this existed.  The closest friend, male or female, that I ever had, never so much as told me their most embarrassing moment.  This is an all-encompassing, I need you for more than I know, kind of?l?yeah, oh yeah, it's love.  It's impossible to be anything short of that.  
I've never had a woman in my life trust me so much.  I've never known a woman could place me at such high importance to her, without actually being romantically involved.  What Kayla and I have I've had with nobody else my entire life.  I can't believe we didn't know each other a month ago.  I can't believe what I thought of her when we first met.  Man, never judge a book by its cover, is all I have to say.  This woman?is the most important thing to me right now.  I've never felt that way before about anyone?not even?wow?I can't even remember her name right now.  Kayla is the only one that comes to mind.  
"I'm sorry, sweetie. I didn't mean to make you cry." I say as she pulls back.  
"No, no." she shakes her head.  "Daniel, you made me see what I needed to see.  Thank you." She kisses my cheek.  I'm half thankful she chose there instead of my lips.  I'm not sure if all this kissing and touching is good for a guy who hasn't had sex in over two years.  My pants are still a little misshapen from the hard-on I had earlier.  
"Well, either way, I also wouldn't want to be the one to cause you any pain." I kiss her forehead. "If anyone even hurt a hair on your head, I'd put the fear of God in them, after pounding them a little."
That gets a small smile. "You're so sweet."
I hold her close again, and she breathes deeply. When she pulls back, she kisses me sweetly in the lips, the way one would kiss a child. I kiss her back, puckering up in an exaggerated manner.  The sentiment is so tender I have to stop myself from telling her that I love her. And I do. I love her so much.  I'm pretty sure she loves me, too. Based on the affection she gives me, I can't read it any other way. 
"You should go, Daniel. You'll be exhausted tomorrow."
"Don't you worry about me. I'll be fine." I grin. "Feel better?"
"Much. Thank you."
I release her. "Okay. I'll let you get some sleep."
"Goodnight."
"Goodnight."
As I lay in bed, my mind keeps wandering to Kayla. I keep picturing Greg with his arm around her. My heart starts to pump harder. Why it bothers me so much is beyond me. She told me herself that she doesn't like the guy in that way. And even if she does, why should I care?  We're friends. She's free to see whom she pleases. Giving up on sleep, I trot downstairs in my briefs and robe. Christopher is in the living room, sitting on the couch, watching television. He looks at his watch when I appear. 
"Burning the midnight oil?" He stretches, letting out a loud grunt. 
"I can see you are. What the hell are you watching?" I ask, only because I see something that looks like a cross between American Gladiators and Cirque de Soleil. 
"I don't know. Some YouTube crap. I was hoping it would bore the shit out of me and put me to sleep, but?it got interesting."
I sit across from him on my leather sectional.  "What's got your goat?"
"The house is delayed."
I turn my head and shake it. "Of course. Nothing is ever on time these days."
"Yeah, well?they assured me all was on time. Then the electrician came in for an inspection and completely vetoed a few things the builders did. It's making my head spin."
"It'll work out. Your builder is a good guy." I know him personally. He's the brother of an old high school friend. 
Christopher looks at me soberly. "Wow. I figured you'd chop my head off. You losing your grumpy edge there, brother?" He leans forward so he can nudge my toes with his. 
"Don't push it." I feign irritation by lifting a finger at him, but at the same time grinning. 
"I take it you're not hating this part-time class."
"I've taken worse."
"Where were you on Saturday night. I've been meaning to ask you. You didn't come home."
"What are you, my babysitter?"
"No. I was just wondering. You never stay out overnight."
"My class project group met up. I ended up seeing a movie and having a hotdog with the host of the meeting. We ended up sick like dogs from the hotdogs. I puked half the night and was too weak to drive home."
"Yuck." He shudders. "This said host?is this a guy or a girl?"
"Girl."
He tilts his head. "Ah, so that's the reason why your nerves have unclenched.  Did you bang her?"
I lean forward, pulling my robe tighter.  "No, I did not bang her, and if you allude to that again I'll break your teeth."
"So you like her." He states, satisfied. 
"We're friends, pervert."
"She cute?"
No, she's fucking beautiful, asshole. "Like I said. We're friends."
"Okay, well, if you're just friends, can I meet her?"
Here it comes.  I sigh. "You already have."
His face scrunches. "Who?"
"The girl from the bar." It pains me to tell him. 
His eyes bulge. "Are you shitting me?  The girl you played tonsil tennis with?" his tone is so high you would think someone grabbed his balls.
"If you keep saying that, I'm going to punch you."
"So you do like her."
I sigh and rake a hand through my hair.  "Grow up.  She just got divorced.  The last thing she needs is another relationship.  Plus, like I said?.oooh, I don't know?three times now?.we're just friends."
"So you like her, but you don't know if she likes you."
"You're not listening to me."
He nods and guffaws. "Oh, I'm listening just fine.  I know you like her.  I can tell by the way you're being so protective of her.  If you didn't like her, you wouldn't give a shit."
"You're so incisive, Christopher." My voice drips with sarcasm.  "So, tell me?what would you do in my situation?given that you're such a connoisseur of relationships yourself."  He's never been in a long-term relationship?unless you count his car.
"Bang her anyway and see what happens." He barks.  "Something chemical happens to chicks after a good fucking.  They start to yearn for you.  They get attached.  Happened to me once." He says, looking off into the distance.  
"And then you took a shower and it was all over, right?" I jibe.
He lifts his chin, impressed by my response.  "You bang her and see, man.  I'm not kidding."
Grunting, I rise from the couch.  "I can see talking to you is a waste of time."
"You'll bang her.  I bet you ten bucks within a week you'll be in her pants."
I walk by him and smack him bluntly on the head with the heel of my hand.  "Clean up your mouth, you pig."  
His hair flies all over the place with the force.  "Ah!  Fuck!" 
"If you ever wonder why you can't find a nice girl, it's because of the way you talk.  In case you didn't notice, girls don't like it when you swear or talk about them like the best ones are found in a butcher shop."
He fixes his hair, but I cuff him again.
"What the fuck was that for!"
"Get a haircut!"

Chapter 15
Kayla
Daniel is right.  I really need to cool it a notch.  I worry like it's a competitive sport.  It was so sweet of him to drive all the way back to my house to comfort me.  I've never met anyone with such compassion.  The way he held me when he came to the door, I have to admit, it felt amazing.  Nobody has ever lifted me up off the floor.  It was kind of exhilarating, even though I was bawling my eyes out.  For some reason, when he holds me, I feel compelled to burrow into his neck.  He smells so good; not like cologne or after shave or anything.  He just smells like?Daniel.  
I'll take my mom's rings into the jewelry store tomorrow morning.  There is one on my way to work, so when I go for my morning break, I'll take it in.  After the emotional evening, I'm exhausted and fall asleep immediately after Daniel leaves.  He calls me the next day on my cell phone as I'm riding into work.
"Good morning." His voice sounds chipper.
"Good morning.  This is a nice surprise." I'm smiling and I think he can hear it.
"I had a minute and I wanted to call you to ask you something."
"Go ahead."
"Are you interested in a study partner for the quiz?"
I shrug.  "Sure.  I was going to do some studying tonight after I visit my mom.  Do you want to meet me at my place, or do you want me to swing by your place after?" I realize I haven't seen Daniel's house yet, and suddenly, I'm curious.
"Well?I don't mind tagging along to visit your mom.  And then maybe we could take our study materials to a casual restaurant and eat dinner while we go over our notes?  Sound good?"
"As long as you don't make me eat hot dogs, I'm game."
He chuckles.  "Just remember that the hot dogs were your idea."
"Fine.  I take full responsibility." I pause.  "Daniel, are you close with your mom?"
"I used to be.  But since she had her breakdown, it's more difficult.  She's not the person she once was."
"Oh?I'm sorry."
"It's okay.  It's a fair question."
"I was just wondering why you want to come visit my mom.  You must miss yours.  I've never known a guy to be crazy about his friend's mother.  Usually it's the opposite."
"I like your mom.  She's warm and she has a good heart.  Plus, she looks a lot like you.  Your Nana Mary is pretty cool, too.  That's where you've got me beat.  None of my grandparents are still alive."
"Do you think I could meet your family some day?"
"Sure.  You can meet them whenever you want.  I told you my little brother is living with me temporarily.  But I'll warn you that he's going to hit on you."
"I've already met him." I giggle.  "And why would he hit on me?"
"If you're an attractive female, he'll hit on you."
My voice goes playfully sultry.  "You think I'm attractive?"
"Do cows go moo?" he chuckles.
"You're sweet."
"You, too.  Gotta go.  I'll pick you up at five; I'm done at four."
"See you then."
The day seems to zip by, and before I know it, I'm home, changing my clothes, and putting my studying stuff together.  I even cheat and look over my notes, highlighting important points so Daniel and I can breeze through it later.  Before I know it, there is a knock on my door.  His face lights up when he sees me.
"Hey," he walks in and I kiss his cheek as he kisses mine.  "You have a good day?"
"Not bad.  Can't complain.  Yours?"
"Better than most."
"So no hugs tonight?" I wink.
"Well, just for that." He takes a step towards me and brings me close to him.  I snake my arms around his neck while he embraces me. His hands surround my back as he leans into me.  Drawing in a deep breath, I take in his scent.  We stand there a moment longer, and he releases me.  He kisses my cheek as the gap between us enlarges.  The warm grin on his face is so cute it's contagious.  
"I'll take a hug whenever you're giving them out." I say.
He smiles.  "Are you ready?"
"Yeah.  Let me just grab my stuff off the chair."
I'm already quizzing him as we drive to go see my mom. He's nailing the material. I tell him so and he points to his temple. "I'm not just good-looking, you know." He winks. 
"Cute. Would you believe we've made it through almost all the material being covered?"
"It isn't much." He says, pulling into a parking spot. 
My mom is sitting in the front lounge area in her wheelchair. She's knitting something. It looks like a winter watch cap. 
"Hi, mom." I gush, kissing her cheek. I haven't seen her look this good for such a long stretch in a while. 
"Hi, baby.  How are you?"
"Very good. You look great."
"Hi, Mrs. White." Daniel says, leaning over to kiss her cheek, too. I think it's adorable.
"Hi, Daniel.  Are you two going to school tonight?"
"No, tomorrow night. But we're studying for a quiz together."
"That sounds like fun." Mom addresses Daniel. "I'm knitting this for you.  I hope you like hats."
"Aw, thank you, Mrs. White. I do like hats."
"Good. I don't have any grandchildren to knit for, and I've knitted everything under the sun for Kayla, so you're my next victim." She giggles. "If you don't like it you can donate it. That doesn't offend me."
Daniel's bright smile is endearing. "I wouldn't dream of it. No, seriously, I like it."
"Good. I started knitting long before I went blind and I just kept it up. It keeps my hands busy and my mind quiet."
"That's a great skill to have." Daniel agrees. 
"Do you need anything while we're here, mom?" I ask. 
"No, no. Everything is fine. Your nana should be by later too. She had Bingo tonight."
"That's Nana Mary." I smile. We sit down on either side of her while she continues to knit. Her breathing is calm, I notice. Her oxygen is hooked on the back of her wheelchair. 
"Did you decide whether you're going to go to school full-time yet, dear?" She asks me. 
"No. Not yet. I can't. Not until all the legal expenses are paid for."
"I never knew divorces could be so expensive." Mom comments. 
"It would have been more if Nick contested anything." I add, "but let's not talk about that now, mom."
Mom waves. "Oh, baby, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to bring it up. Sorry, Daniel."
"That's okay. It is what it is. We all have unpleasant things going on in our lives to some degree."
"That's very true, son."
My eyes bulge. Mom never even called Nick 'son'?ever. "But I never look at unpleasant things like that. I see them as doors. Challenges are God's way of leading you down another path."
"You're very wise, Mrs.  White."
"She holds her hand out and smiles in Daniel's direction. It's like he senses that she wants him to take her hand. He does. "Daniel, son, please call me Margaret or mom.  Only medical personnel call me Mrs. White. It makes me feel?clinical."
He smiles and gives her hand a squeeze. "That sounds fair enough." He releases her hand and relaxes back in the chair.  
"Daniel, would you mind going to ask reception if my mail has come yet, please?"
He rises without hesitation.  "Sure.  I'll be right back."
I give my mother a puzzled look as he walks away.  "What was that all about, mom?"
Her voice is a murmur.  "Kayla, he loves you.  Do you know that?"
My neck cranes back. "Maybe as a friend, mom.  What are you talking about?"
"A mother knows, dear."
"Mom, seriously, we're friends.  Close ones, but friends all the same." I'm not sure where this is coming from.
"Kayla, don't make him wait too long.  Men like that don't stick around forever."
I guffaw.  "Mom, I don't know what you're talking about it.  He doesn't love me more than as a friend."
She takes my hand in hers.  "You'll see."
"Quiet, mom.  He's coming back." I warn under my breath.  Daniel looks at both of us.  He's no fool. He knows that mom asked him to go check the mail so we could have privacy.  
"No mail yet.  Is there a coffee place in here somewhere?  Can I go get us something to snack on?" he offers.  I give him a warm smile.  He is such a doll.
"No, you two should get going.  I'm getting awfully tired." Mom says, although she hasn't gotten winded or pale like usual.  I give her a sideways glance and know that she's putting on a show so that we'll leave.  Mom.  Forever the matchmaker.  
"Okay, mom." Daniel plays along, giving me a wink.  Mom pats his hand as he grabs the handlebars so he can push her wheelchair back to her room.  We kiss her goodbye and walk out.  "Everything okay with your mom?" he asks, giving me a telling glance.
"Yeah, she's just?imagining things.  It's nothing to worry about."
"Imagining things?huh." He lifts a brow, but doesn't press.  
"So, where are we going to eat dinner?  I'm starved." I ask, changing the subject.  
"I thought about that little mom and pop place just up the road.  I saw it when we were here last.  It looks homey."
I shrug.  "Okay." I lift a finger at him.  "But there better not be any hotdogs on the menu."
He smiles.  "Get in the car."
As we arrive at the restaurant, we bring our books inside, order our meals, and go through the last of our material.  "I think we'll both ace the quiz." Daniel says simply.  "But I'd like to be prepared for the worst.  Who knows how rough Gladstone is with grading and testing."
"Exactly.  And for me, the first test paves the way for all tests." I point out.
"Well, to be fair, it's just a quiz.  It only weighs about five percent overall."
I raise my hand, shaking my head slightly.  "Still.  I'm not taking any chances."  
"You'll do fine." Daniel says as one of the waitresses comes barreling towards him.
He looks stunned but smiles a little, my feeling is that it's to be polite. 
"Danny!" she gushes.  She's wearing a logoed apron, but it isn't done up in the back, which means she's either just starting her shift, or just ending it.  My guess is that she's just starting, because we haven't seen her the whole time we've been here.  Unless she works in the back.  "Oh my God! I haven't seen you since my parent's anniversary last summer!"
She's got very large breasts, underneath a shirt that is clearly one size too small.  There is a tattoo of a heart and angels evident on her right arm, and her voice is rough, like she's a smoker.  She certainly smells like one.  Daniel sticks out his hand to shake hers.  "Hi, Melissa.  How's it going?"
Melissa doesn't take the hint.  Instead of shaking his hand, she bends over and hugs him, making sure to press her breasts up against his chest.  Daniel pats her benignly on the back, not bothering to rise from his seat.  He certainly doesn't hug everyone the same way.  "I'm great!  Broke up with that shithead a couple of months ago.  So, are you a doctor yet?" she touches his arm purposefully.
"Not yet.  Another couple of years.  I didn't know you were working here.  I thought you were working at that firm where your mom works."  Then he pauses.  "Oh, man, excuse my manners." He looks at me apologetically.  "This is Kayla.  We're just studying while catching a bite."
"Oh, you two are taking a class together?" she asks while giving me her hand to shake.  I shake it back, giving her a tight smile.
"Yeah," he says casually. 
"Hey, have you spoken to Anita?"
Daniel averts his gaze from her, focusing on a spot on the wall. This subject seems to make him uncomfortable. "Nope."
"Oh, so you don't know that she's getting married then."
He purses his lips together and shakes his head once. I can't tell if he's pissed off or if he just doesn't want any details. This Anita person must be his ex-girlfriend.
"Oh. Well he's an asshole anyway. You were way better." She touches his arm again. He almost flinches. "He's so full of himself, but incredibly dull."
Daniel looks at her from the corner of his eye. "Hey, listen. Do you mind if we catch up later?  Kayla and I have some studying to do."
Her face is pained. "Oh, sure. No problem.  Hey, I don't have your number anymore."
"I'll give it to you on our way out."
She nods and walks away. When she's out of earshot, Daniel exhales. "Man, I'm so sorry about that."
Now it's my turn to give the apologetic look. "Don't be sorry. There's nothing to be sorry about." A pause. "She likes you."
"Yeah, well I have zero interest in her." 
"Clearly. You looked like she was covered in boils when she kept touching your arm."
"She'd be great for my brother Christopher." He says as if he'd just eaten a hot pepper. "Too wild and forward for me. She practically felt me up."
"I hug you a lot, too. You don't recoil like that."
"That's because you don't act like you're on speed." He reaches into his back pocket, takes out a fifty dollar bill and picks his books up off the table. "Let's get the hell out of here before she comes back."
I giggle. "Are you?afraid of her?"
"Hell, yes.  I'm never coming back here again."  He takes my hand in his and walks briskly to his car.  
When we're seated and ready to go, I turn to Daniel and say. "It's really too bad that you don't like that place."
"Yeah?  How come?"
"They didn't have hotdogs on the menu."

Chapter 16
Kayla
"Melissa. Oh, man. Of all the girls I had to run into in front of you. The bubble-headed, scanky, way-too-handsy for me chick who tried to jump my bones on more than one occasion when I was with Anita. The girl has no scruples and even looser morals?among other things."
 "I wasn't offended by her. I actually think it's cute that you're repelled by her.  On the bright side, we managed to get through all the study material."  As I sit in the passenger seat, Daniel looks at me.
"So, where to?" he asks.
"Do you mind if we go to your place?  I haven't even seen where you live yet." I raise a hand.  "Or are you all weird because you didn't have a chance to tidy up?"
"Ha?ha." He gives me a sideways glance.  "Before Christopher moved in, my house was always spotless.  I'm not a slob, he is.  But we can swing by, as long as you don't mind him being there."
"I don't mind at all."
He lifts a brow.  "Consider yourself warned."
I wave.  "He can't be that bad."
"He's a hormone with legs."
"I can handle it."
When we pull up to his house, I look at him.  "Um?you live here?" his house looks like something out of a magazine.  Double-car garage, two small pillars out front, flanking a huge bay window.  His lawn is meticulously manicured, like he pays someone to do it.  And there is a small water feature in the middle of a circle of grass that is in the middle of his rounded, cobblestone driveway.
"Yeah," he says casually, as though he lives in a shack.
"Daniel?are you a Rockefeller?" 
He smiles and snorts out a laugh. "I told you my last name is Lynch."
"Tell me you're in a hundred year mortgage, or you won the lottery, or your rich uncle died and left you a ton of money?because right now I feel totally embarrassed that you ever set foot in my little shoebox I call home." My tone is comedic, like I'm telling a joke.
He places a hand on my knee.  "Relax.  My dad's a retired military surgeon.  My mom used to be one of the top paediatric and obstetric specialists in North Carolina before her retirement.  My grandparents were both well-renowned medical specialists, too, and they left the family a lot when they died.  Don't let it bother you.  If you think this is impressive, wait until you see the house my brother is having custom built."
My face is blank.  I've never met anyone with money before.  I grew up with a single mother who had to rely on her mother to pay for her medical bills and my food and clothes.  Mom didn't work much because of her health.  Nana Mary lived with us during my teenage years, until she married Bruce.  "Jesus, Daniel.  My God?what you must think of me."
"Are you judging me because of this?" he points to the monstrous garage in front of us.
"No, I'm judging your opinion of me."
"You think people with money can't be friends with people without money?"
"No."
"Then what's the problem?"
"I just?I just?"  I stammer.  "I don't know?you just?you don't act like you?live here."
"And you don't act like you?live there." He skates a finger down the side of my face.  "Come on.  Come and see how normal we are.  Meet my perverted brother, that oughta shake you out of your funk."
We walk inside his house and someone who I assume is his brother, is standing in the ginormous open concept kitchen as we enter. He looks very much like Daniel except that he's a slightly younger version, and he has longer, curlier hair than Daniel has, tucked under a baseball cap. He looks to be making a homemade pizza. Daniel walks in and hammers on Christopher straight away. 
He lifts a finger at him. "Be on your best behavior. This is Kayla."
"Yeah, I remember her. The chick from the bar, right?" He sticks his hand out and I shake it. 
Daniel shakes his head. "Well, I've got to hand it to you.  You broke a record for the quickest fail ever."
"Relax, bro." Christopher takes my hand and kisses the back of it. 
"Hey?hey!" Daniel shouts. 
I giggle. "It's okay, Daniel. You made out like he was going to feel me up or something. Remember, you were the one who got felt up earlier." 
Christopher's eyes light up. "Nice!" He looks at his older brother and gives him a thumbs-up, and then he addresses me. "Although I'm the better-looking Lynch kid."
My face turns red. "Um?it wasn't me who felt him up."
Daniel lifts a hand. "Nobody got felt up."
I look at Daniel.  "You said that?Melissa girl felt you up."
"I said she practically felt me up." He says, emphasizing the 'practically'.
Christopher laughs out loud. "You ran into Melissa?  Where?"
Daniel names the restaurant.  "Evidently she works there."
"Oh, screw the homemade pizza. I'm heading over there." He guffaws. 
Daniel looks at me. "See?  I told you he was a hormone with legs."
"Don't listen to him, Kayla. My brother is a stick in the mud. He doesn't know how to have any fun."
"That's because I'm too busy cleaning up after you." Daniel changes the subject. "Why didn't you just order a pizza?"
Christopher waves. "They're always stingy with the toppings. I like my pizzas like a sloppy joe; toppings so high they fall off."
Daniel thumbs towards his brother. "That is one thing I'll give him. He's a hell of a cook."
Christopher pats Daniel on the back. "Thanks, man. Hey, you guys want some?"
"We already ate." We answer simultaneously, which gets a giggle from all three of us. Daniel takes my hand. 
"Let me give you a tour."
His house is immaculate. The living room has a large screen television, bay window, huge leather sectional, and a large bookcase full of medical books. "Some of these are from my grandfather's collection." I walk up to them and run my hand down the length of some of the volumes. They're all leather-bound, some with gold-leaf lettering on the spines. 
"Beautiful." I comment. 
"I have more in my room.  Also, Grampa Lynch left me his first stethoscope. It's upstairs. Let me show you." He takes my hand again. It feels nice.  Nobody has held my hand since I was a child. Daniel leads us past a guest powder room and up a small winding staircase to the top floor. The first room on the right is the master bedroom, he explains. He's turned it into a family room, with a smaller sectional, another television, another bookcase, and a foosball table. 
"I send Christopher up here when he pisses me off. I'll show you the rest of the downstairs later. It's just a workout room and an office." He explains. The next room is a spare bedroom, then a large bathroom with a glass-enclosed stand-up shower and soaker tub. "That came with the house. I've never used it." He says as he points at the tub. The room at the end of the hallway is his room. 
He has a double bed in a relatively large room. There is a wing chair beside the bed, a small fireplace, and a huge bookcase that runs the expanse of one entire wall. "I read a lot." He says. A small, glass-enclosed shelving unit is displaying a stethoscope, some medals, and a few framed awards. 
"What are these?" I ask. 
"That's Grampa's stethoscope that I mentioned, some of his medals from the military, some of mine, and a couple of academic awards I got when I was doing my undergraduate degree."
I look at him. "What sort of medals did you get in the military?"
"Mostly participation awards, but I got a couple of medical awards while I was in Afghanistan."
"Your parents must be so proud of you."
He ignores the statement, pursing his lips together modestly. "I wanted to put a master bedroom on the main floor, with a set of French doors walking out to a deck with a hot tub, but I haven't gotten around to it yet."
"How long have you lived here?"
"Almost a year. I wasn't even going to buy my own place since my parents needed me at their place so often, but when a friend of mine told me this place was up for sale, I really liked it and didn't want to lose it."
"Are you close to your parent's house?"
"That's precisely why this place was so perfect. My parents live less than five minutes away."
"So how come Christopher didn't move back in with your parents?"
"He didn't want the responsibility." He lifts a hand. "I'm sorry, but I don't really like talking about it. It just pisses me off."
"Okay. I'm sorry." I say, feeling bad. 
Daniel takes a step towards me and rubs both my arms. "It's okay. Do you want to see the basement?"
"Sure." He takes my hand again and leads me back downstairs. Christopher is talking on his cell phone, calling someone 'baby'. 
"Must be another bootie call." Daniel grunts grumpily as he walks by his brother. 
"Does that bother you?"
He shakes his head. "Only if he brings his conquests here. I told him specifically that unless his guest is male and familiar to me, he isn't welcome to have them over. I don't need to have that complication in my life."
"Wow. You're strict." I say as we walk to a set of glass double doors and onto a wooden deck. The landscaping in the backyard is as perfect as in the front yard.  "My backyard is a dump compared to this."
"It mostly came this way. The deck will need to be redone in a couple of years.  That's when I'll put in the hot tub.  I put in the shed and those few seedling trees."
"Do you do all the landscaping yourself?"
He nods. "Yep. It helps me unwind."
I'm impressed. "Wow. Do you have a garden?"
"No. But I'd like to put one in over there." He points to a clear area just past the deck, along a wooden fence. 
"Would you put flowers or vegetables in, or would you grow medicinal herbs?"
"No, just some flowers. I can't grow vegetables to save my life, and I'm not training to be a naturopathic doctor, so there will be no medicinal herbs here."  He pauses. "It's nice outside. Do you want to sit out here?"
"Sure."
We sit at the six seat table on the deck and adjust the umbrella so the early evening sunset isn't blinding us. "So does this place look like the Rockefeller's, or are you convinced that I'm as normal as you?"  Daniel asks as he takes a seat across from me. 
I shrug. "You're pretty normal."
"I'm glad you're seeing it my way."
"Don't press your luck." I tease, just as his phone rings in his back pocket.  Daniel pulls it out and looks at the display.
"It's Greg.  Do you mind if I take it?"
"Sure, go ahead." I say, growing concerned.
"Hey, buddy.  How's it going?" Daniel says.  "I'm just sitting here with Kayla."
He pauses as a 'v' forms between his brows.  "Did you call the police?"
I lean up in my chair and Daniel lifts a hand, indicating that Greg is okay.  
"Don't sweat it.  Yeah, we can come pick you up.  Where are you?"
Another pause.  "Okay.  I'm on my way." And he hangs up.
"What happened?"
Daniel sighs as he slides his phone back into his pocket.  "Seems Greg was out at the bar with his friends, and his wallet got stolen.  He can't find his friend who usually drives him all over, and the buddies that he was hanging out with apparently have all left him behind.  He's got no way to get home and no money to call a cab."
Rising, Daniel sticks his hand out for me to take.  "Do you want to come with me, or do you want me to drop you off first?"
"I'll come with you?make sure he's okay, if it's all the same to you."
"Sure." Daniel and I walk into the front foyer, where we can see that Christopher is just placing his pizza in the oven.  It looks more like one of those high school volcano projects than it does a pizza.  "Don't worry?it looks weird, but it's delicious." Daniel says.
"I'll take a slice next time." I say, winking at Christopher.  "It was nice to finally meet you."
"Likewise." He says.  "Hey, bro, I'll save you a piece for lunch tomorrow."
"Thanks.  I shouldn't be too late."
As we head out the door, Daniel walks to the passenger side door and opens it for me.  He tilts his head. "I think our friend Greg needs a lesson in choosing the right friends."
I slide in the car and wait for Daniel to get in before responding.  When he puts the key in the ignition, I start.  "Yeah?I mean, who hangs out in a bar so often, when they know that their friend is a recovering alcoholic?  And why is this friend of his who's always offering to give him a ride, never around when he's at a bar?"
"Maybe he doesn't approve and vetoes any rides when he's out with his drinking buddies." Daniel says.
"You're right.  I think Greg needs to make some new friends." I pause. "Did he call the police?"
"No.  It sounds like he's a little freaked out.  He said he's made the call to the credit card company to cancel that, but I don't think he's done much more."
When we arrive at the bar, Greg is standing outside waiting.  "Hey, man, thanks for picking me up.  I'd walk but this is a sketchy neighborhood."
I give Daniel a look.  Really?  Why are you hanging out in a bar?  Least of all one in a sketchy neighborhood?  "Greg, I hate to sound like your mother, but?you gotta lay low for a while.  Stay away from these kinds of places."
Greg slides into the back seat and buckles up, giving my arm a squeeze from behind when he's done.  "I appreciate that, sweetheart.  But this is where my buddies have always hung out.  I'm not sure that they would be willing to change on my account."
"No offence, man, but it sounds like you don't have the greatest set of friends.  Maybe you should venture out and get some new ones?ones that don't like to expose you to all this crap." Daniel chimes in.
"I thought of that?for real.  But these are friends I've known since high school.  Ditching them would be difficult."
"Sacrifices, man." Daniel says.  "Were you able to cancel your cards?"
"Yeah," Greg answers as his voice lowers an octave.  "I'm not so worried about those.  There's no money in any of my accounts.  I'd drained it all to pay child support and rent.  The money was in my wallet."
"Well, you should be worried about it.  Christ, the thief could be halfway out of the state by now, charging your cards for who knows what." Daniel is clearly irritated.  "How much cash was in there?"
"Twenty-five hundred.  I owe for the whole month; both for child support and rent." Greg shakes his head.  "Tina's not going to let me see Shyla now until I pay up.  Her birthday is in a couple of weeks.  There's no way I'm going to be able to get her the cash again by then."
"Can't you just explain what happened?" I ask.
He tilts his head.  "I can try.  But Tina has trust issues with me.  I don't think she'll ever get past them.  That's what happens when you're a drunk; nobody ever trusts you again."
Daniel glances at Greg through the rearview mirror.  "You're not a drunk.  And I'll lend you the cash.  Just?do me a favor and stop hanging out with these clowns. You'll be a lot better off."
"Why are you going to a bar with that much money on you, anyway?  Don't you think that's a little irresponsible?" I point out.
"And why don't you pay your rent with a check?  I mean, isn't that how most people pay it?"
"My landlord charges me less if I pay in cash.  Don't ask me why." He lifts a hand.  I feel bad for him.  He seems like he hasn't had any positive direction in his life.  "And I don't know, man?I've never been robbed before.  I hang around here all the time."
"Well, someone saw you coming." Daniel says, matter-of-factly.  "Stay away from there.  Whoever stole your money obviously knows you carry a wad of it around with you."
Greg hangs his head.  "Yeah.  You're right."
I turn to face him.  "Don't feel bad, Greg.  Sometimes we have to learn our lessons the hard way.  I've learned a lot that way, and at least those that you learn hard stick for longer or forever."
"True. Hey, thanks guys, for picking me up." We pull up to a bank machine and Daniel trots out.  
"Hey, Daniel isn't pissed at me, is he?" Greg asks me.
"No.  I don't think so.  More concerned than anything."
His eyes slide down to my lips. "Are you guys like?boyfriend and girlfriend now?"
I shake my head.  "No.  We're just good friends."
"So you were just hanging out when I called?"
"Yeah, we'd been studying together."
He smiles.  "Ah, shoot.  You guys are way ahead of me.  I was going to ask if you wanted to study with me."
"The quiz isn't until tomorrow.  There's still time." Although I'm thinking that Greg should have been home studying instead of hanging out at a bar with his friends, but I don't want to sound any more like his mother.
"You want to head back and do some studying now?" Greg offers.
"I'm not sure.  Let's ask Daniel when he comes back in." I say, feeling slightly awkward.
Daniel opens the door and slides back into the car.  "I got you three thousand.  That way you have some extra for food or whatever, until you get a new bank card.  Are they sending you a new one by mail, or do you have to pick it up?"
"They said they'd mail it out." Greg answers.  "I feel so bad, man.  I've never taken money from anyone before."
"Don't sweat it.  You'll pay me back."  Daniel waves.  "I'll drop you off at home, okay?"
"I was um?just asking Kayla if she wanted to do more studying.  Are you up for that?" Greg asks Daniel.
Daniel gets an irritated look on his face.  "Greg, priorities, man.  You need to find out what you're going to do about all your I.D., and your licence, man?what about that?" he chuckles without a trace of humor. "And if you haven't studied already, the quiz is tomorrow, man.  We've covered all the material, Kayla and I.  I won't speak for her, but I'm done with studying for tonight."
I take his hand in mine, trying to calm him.  
Greg hesitates, "Yeah, you're right again, man.  Shoot.  Looks like I gotta get my head out of my ass." He sniffs and looks off to the side, as if embarrassed.  
We're silent as we drive to Greg's house.  Daniel pulls an envelope with money out of his back pocket, and hands it to Greg.  "Pay me back when you can, okay?  No pressure.  Just?be careful." 
"I will, and thanks a ton, man.  I really appreciate it."
"No problem.  Give me a call if you need anything, okay?  Don't call your friends for a while.  Lay low."
"Gotcha, my man.  Will do." Greg says, before rubbing my arm.  "Hey, sweetie, thanks for the advice.  I'll see you tomorrow."
"See ya." I say.
As Greg exits, Daniel watches him go into the side entrance of the small bungalow.  "That kid needs a kick in the ass.  I thought my brother was a piece of work."
"I'll tell Christopher you said that."
Daniel cracks the first tiny smile I've seen since Greg called.  "You do and I'll tell your mother that you got drunk and made out with me the night we met."
I wink.  "She already knows."
He purses his lips together and then grins so adorably I want to kiss him.  "You suck."
I change the subject. "You didn't have to lend him that money, you know."
Daniel puts the car into gear and backs out of the driveway.  "Yeah, well, just helping out another human being.  Like you said."
"I'm glad you didn't bring him to your house."
"Yeah, me too.  He's not too clingy, but he's borderline."
Ten minutes later, we're at my house.  I grab my bag from the back, and I think I'm just saying goodbye in the car, but Daniel shuts the car off.  "You mind if I come in for a bit?"
"No, not at all.  It's still early." 
"I don't want to go home to Christopher yet." 
I walk to the front door and unlock it.  "He's not that bad."
"You don't live with him." Daniel chuckles.
"True."
"There's probably a mile long pile of dishes in the sink to contend with, and if I'm lucky, he'll remember to wrap up the leftovers."
"When does he move out?" I say as we enter and remove our shoes.
"He doesn't know yet.  It was supposed to be the end of the month, but it's been delayed."
"Do you think he'll go after that girl from the restaurant?"
"Melissa?  Probably not.  It sounded like he was hooking up with someone else earlier.  Mind you, he'll do anything for a piece of tail."
"And is it true what he said?that you don't know how to have any fun?"  I ask as we head into the living room and sit on the couch together.
"Well, his definition of fun is sex.  If that answers the question."
"Ah, so he's rubbing it in your nose that he's getting all the action." I nod.
"Exactly."
I sigh, stretching and yawning. "Sex is overrated anyway."
"You think so?"
I crane my neck slightly.  "In my experience, yes."
Daniel frowns.  "We must be doing something wrong then, because Christopher acts like sex is the most important thing in the world."
"How old is he?"
"Twenty five."
"Give him time?and a broken heart.  He'll see things differently."
"You have to fall in love to have a broken heart." Daniel admits.  He's staring at his fingers as he says this.
I pat his thigh.  "Yeah."
He looks at me and smiles, letting his gaze slide down to my lips for a second.  "I should go.  Let you get some sleep." He says before rising.  As we get to the door, Daniel asks.  "It's none of my business, but, how do you pay for your mother being in that home?"
"Her disability covers some, and me and Nana Mary pay for the rest." I explain.  "I was lying when I said that the reason why I can't go to school full-time is because of lawyer's costs.  Nick paid for most of that.  I just don't want my mother feeling bad for her bills.  It's not her fault, and I'd die if she ever felt guilty for being sick."
"What cover story did you use before the divorce?"
"She had a settlement from my dad.  She thinks it still exists, but it depleted about two years ago.  That's why Nick paid for most of the lawyer's fees.  He knew I couldn't afford it, and he wanted out."
Daniel shakes his head while glancing at me.  "How much does it cost for your mom to stay there?"
I tell him and he swallows.  "Jesus.  How do you afford to live?"
"The house is paid for.  I have utilities, but they don't cost much, since it's just me.  I don't eat much." I give a slight chuckle. "Nick gave me the house in exchange for a settlement.  I didn't want his money, anyhow."
He gets a strange look on his face, and then he diverts his gaze to the floor.  
"What's wrong?"
Daniel takes a step towards me and slides his arms around my waist, embracing me.  "I feel bad for giving that money to Greg.  I should have given it to you."
"No, God no." I say.  "He needs that for his child and for rent." A pause.  "I have a roof over my head and no children to support.  It's all good."
He pulls his head upward, to face me.  "Yeah, but you have a mother to support."
 I shrug. "I have help."
He buries his head into my neck and draws in a deep breath.  When he pulls back, he says. "How about I help another human being?"
I search his face. "What did you have in mind?"
"I want to help you look after your mom."
"How?"
"Let me pay for next month's expenses."
"No." I say flatly.  "If I were starving to death or unemployed or homeless, maybe, but I'm fine, Daniel.  I appreciate the offer, but really, I'm fine."
"How about I help out so that you can go to school full-time then?"
"No." My voice is still flat.  "I believe that everything that is meant to be will happen on its own.  I don't need help with that.   But, again, thank you."
"It's going to take you twenty years to finish the program that you're doing if you take the courses one-by-one, Kayla."
"I'll take more, and I'll take them in multiples, too, when I can." 
He sighs again and kisses my cheek.  "At least promise me that if you ever do need help, that you'll ask." 
"I will." I smile and kiss him chastely on the lips.  He kisses me back. "You're very sweet."
"That's what they tell me." he smiles.  "Go get some sleep."
"Okay.  See you in class tomorrow."
He leans in and kisses my cheek again.  "See you."

Chapter 17
Daniel
What a night.  I don't know who I feel worse for, Greg or Kayla.  At least I could help Greg, but Kayla, she's a little more stubborn.  Maybe I can go into the home and pre-pay for a month or something; make it anonymous.  Right, like she wouldn't figure that out.  I'll have to come up with something.  On the bright side, we both aced Gladstone's quiz.  Kayla is really excited about Saturday's meeting, and the best news is that I'm off on Saturday, so I can help her prepare for it.  As I knock on her door, she answers, wearing the cutest Mickey Mouse apron.  It has Mickey Mouse standing there, and in quotes above him it says, 'Kiss the Cook'.
I lean in and kiss her lips chastely, puckering up once again, with exaggerated vigor, like I'm about to kiss a young child.  "Well, hello." She says, feigning excitement from the kiss.
"Hello.  I was just doing what the apron said to do, for the record."
She looks down and laughs. "Oh my gosh!  I totally forgot that it says that!"
Her smile is contagious.  "Come on in.  I was just making some hors d'oeuvres."
"It smells amazing in here." I observe as I take my shoes off.
"I'm making little miniature Shepherd's pies, Keto-friendly.  My Nana Mary used to make them all the time and I just adjusted the recipe, so it's Keto and fits into little foil cupcake containers."
"I've died and gone to heaven." 
"And I have a fruit and veggie platter, and homemade dip." She continues.  Once again, I have a digestive boner.  
"So?when are you moving in?  I thought my brother was a great cook?you rival him, evidently."
The cute little giggle that comes out of her makes me smile.  "Stop." She gushes.  "How's Greg?"
"I don't know. I haven't heard from him since class Wednesday."
"I hope he's okay."
"I assume so." I shrug.  I gave the kid a wad of cash.  He better be okay.  "Is Heather coming by again?"
"No.  She's sick as a dog.  Her and two of my other friends got some flu bug.  I'm glad I decided not to go to the theater with them the other night."  she pauses. "I have something to show you."
"Okay." I say. She takes my hand and leads me to her bedroom.  On the dresser is the small wooden box that her mother gave her last week.  Opening it, she shows me the two rings her mother gave her.  "Oh, you got them fixed."
"I did." She smiles.  "And you were so right.  I feel a lot better having done this.  I think I'll take them to her tomorrow and show her them.  They did such a great job, didn't they?" 
I take the rings in my hand and study them.  The engagement ring has a very small nugget of a diamond in the center, but it's been polished to a shine, lending it more umph.  The shank is solid and in one piece, and the wedding band is solid as well. "Yeah, I'd say.  They look practically brand new."
"I know it's stupid.  Because I don't have any kids to pass them on to.  But at least this will make my mother happy."
"It will." I say, handing them back.  "Do you need any help with anything before everyone gets here?"
"Nope.  I've done it all.  We have time to relax and watch a movie or something before they arrive.  Are you up for that?"
"Sure." I shrug.  
We choose a comedy, and sprawl out on the couch together.  We're on opposite ends of the couch, and our bodies are side-by-side.  "Do my feet smell?"  I wiggle my toes, which are about a foot away from her face.  She wrinkles her nose but is smiling, so I know she's joking.  "I tell you what.  Bring your feet over here." She does and I take one and being kneading it with my hands.  Her eyes roll into her head and she leans her head backward.  
"God, Daniel?you're hired." She moans.  
"Why thank you." I say as the movie begins.  We get three quarters through it and Kyle knocks on the door.  "Damn. I was hoping to finish it." 
"We can finish watching it after they leave." Kayla says, rising.  Both Kyle and Brenda are here when Greg shows up.  Kayla answers the door as I'm taking notes with Brenda.  
"Can I talk to you for a minute?" she murmurs into my ear as everyone begins chatting among themselves.  
"Sure."  I get up and we go into the bedroom.
Kayla closes the door.  "Greg smells like alcohol."
I shake my head.  "Dammit."
"Yeah, like, the hard stuff.  It isn't really potent, but I can smell it for sure.  He kissed my cheek."
I don't know what bothers me more.  "Okay.  We'll deal with it later."
"What do we do?" Kayla lifts her arms in the air.
"I don't know.  We'll have to talk to him about it, I guess."
"Okay.  But let's not embarrass him."
"Of course not." 
We leave her room and see that everyone is comparing notes on their portion of the project this week. I notice that Greg doesn't have a lot of material, and I'm not surprised.  "Sorry, man.  It's been a tough week." Greg says, as Brenda comments on his lack of notes.  I also notice that almost all the little hors d'oeuvres that Kayla made are practically gone.  She pulls the platter away, trying to rearrange it to make it look like there's more.
"I'll order a pizza." I say to her under my breath.  Greg is filling his face with food, like he's coming down off a high.  "Jesus Christ." I say, dialling the number to the pizza place.  Greg rises, as if waiting for me to get off the phone, and stands next to me as I place the order and give my credit card information, which annoys me, but they state that they don't have the mobile devices yet, so I have to pre-pay.
I give him a sideways glance as I hang up.  "What's up, man?"
"Oh, nothing.  I just wanted to say thanks again for sticking your neck out for me this week."
"It's no problem.  Did you manage to get everything sorted out?"
"Yeah, I think so.  Landlord is paid.  Tina is paid.  I used the last of the bread to get Shyla a birthday present.  Sorry I'm eating like a pig here, but I haven't had anything except crackers to eat."
"That's okay.  I get it, man."  I pause.  "Hey, have you been drinking at all?"
Greg's face falls.  "Yeah, man.  My buddy brought a mickey of hooch over and we busted into it earlier."
"Jesus Christ." I murmur.  "You were so close, man."  Everyone else is chatting amongst themselves, so nobody is listening.  Kayla is listening to Brenda explain something about a challenge she's having with the project, so she's not listening to us, as we're off to the side, in the kitchen.
About twenty minutes later, as the pizza arrives, I notice Kayla going off into her bedroom with her phone.  My interest is piqued, but I have to take care of the pizzas, and I swear I saw Greg pull something out of his inside jacket pocket and drink from it.  I'll kill him if he's got a flask full of booze with him.  Once the pizza is looked after, I walk to Kayla's room. Her door is wide open, so I know it's okay to walk in, but I softly knock on the door to get her attention.  She's standing by the window, staring out of it.  
"You're right." I open with.  "Greg's been drinking."
She looks at me and her face is pale and blank.  "Okay." She licks her lips.  
"Is everything okay?" I ask, but she interrupts me by lifting her hand. 
"Please?I can't." she says, cutting me off.  She draws in a deep breath and hands me her phone.  There is a text message from her Nana Mary on it.  It says simply, "It's over.  I'm dealing with the rest, Kayla.  It's the way your mother wanted it."
"Let's go." I say, taking a step towards her.  She takes a step back.  
"Remember you told me to do what my mother wanted?well this is what she wants." 
My voice lowers an octave.  "Kayla, I'm sure that isn't what she means." 
Her hand is shaking as she rakes it through her hair.  "We can't leave these people in my house.  Heather isn't here.  Greg is drunk.  My mother would be so upset if she knew I was so irresponsible, and worse?that I didn't do what she wanted."
Kayla is in shock.  She's not thinking clearly.  "Kayla, I can clear everyone out of here in five minutes."
"No.  Nana Mary said she's dealing with it.  There's nothing left for me to do except show up to the funeral."
"I don't understand why she sent you a text message."
"Oh, she called me first.  When I hung up on her, that's the message she sent."
"Why did you hang up on her?"
"Because she told me that my mother was already gone and there was nothing more to be done.  So there's nothing more to be done."
I shake my head.  I've never seen Kayla this cold before.  "Kayla, we need to go.  I'm sure Mary didn't mean what you're thinking she meant."
"Sure, she did." Kayla's arms cross over her chest defiantly.  
"Okay, Kayla, sweetheart, I've heard enough.  I'm clearing everyone out and we're going to the hospital."
Her voice changes to anger.  "She's not at a hospital.  She died in her sleep, Daniel." Her teeth bare together.  "In a couple of hours, the morgue will pick her up, and the funeral will be tomorrow.  That's what my mother wanted. That's what she's getting."  Her eyes are wild with hatred.  
"Kayla, baby, please.  Let's go." I say, rubbing her arm.  
She recoils away from me.  "No!"  her chest is heaving.  We hear footsteps in the hallway.  It's Brenda.  
"Guys?um?is everything okay?"
I look at Brenda while holding Kayla's arms, as if keeping her in place.  "Brenda, do me a favor and send everyone home, please.  Give Greg a ride, too.  Kayla's had a family emergency and we have to leave immediately."
"Sure, no problem." Brenda nods.  
I stand there, looking into Kayla's eyes, as if my gaze will keep her together in the moments while everyone departs.  Her eyes are like stone, as if she's looking right through me.  Once the door closes and the house is silent, I sweep her hair off her shoulder and skate my thumbs across her temples.  "Everything is going to be okay. We'll deal with this together."
As I continue sliding my thumbs and fingers across her temples and over her ears, her eyes close instinctively.  When they open, her lip quivers.  Her voice is a whisper.  "She died alone, Daniel." Her voice cracks.  
I kiss her forehead and whisper.  "She was asleep, baby.  It's the best parting she could ask for."
A tear falls down her cheek.  "I wasn't there with her."
"Most people aren't, sweetie." I'm swaying with her slightly.  Our faces are so close that we're almost nose-to-nose.  
"But she's been doing so well, Daniel. I don't understand."
"Sometimes the body gets a bit better when it's ready to completely shut down.  It's common." I kiss her forehead again.  Both of our eyes are closed as we softly sway together.  
"What am I going to do without her?" her voice cracks again.  I wrap my arms around her and hold her close.
"We'll deal with it together, baby.  One day at a time." I whisper into her ear.  She doesn't sob, instead, she gently pushes me away.
"We have to go, Daniel." She wipes the tears from her face and trots to the door.  It's almost frightening.  But it's definitely heartbreaking.  She won't allow herself to break.  She won't allow herself to feel.  It's like she knows there is work to be done, when there's not. The poor girl is so used to running to her mother the second she gets a call.  This is going to take a lot of getting used to for her.  
And I'm going to be by her side every step of the way.

Chapter 18
Kayla
She looks so beautiful.  Like she's having the most restful sleep of her life.  And I guess, in a way, she is.  I have to touch her face to make sure that she's real.  Her skin is cool to the touch.  There is no oxygen mask by her side, and no wheelchair in wait.  Her hair is as tidy as it was the last time I saw her.  She must have been napping, because mom is still fully clothed.  Nana Mary says nothing, but she purses her lips into a grateful smile.  No mother should outlive her daughter, and I can't even imagine how awful and painful this must be for her.  But it looks like she's taking it in stride.  
Daniel is standing next to me, holding my hand.  
"She went the most peaceful way, honey." Nana Mary says softly, draping a lock of hair over mom's ear.  "She didn't feel a thing."  She sighs.  "I've been praying for her to have a painless, peaceful departure.  And God answered my prayers."  Nana's voice doesn't crack, and I look at her.  She pinches her lips into a smile.  I mirror her expression.  Daniel squeezes my hand.  I swallow and look at him.  He's wearing the same expression as the two of us.
"I should start making calls." I say.
"I've already sent a message to everyone I know, darling." Nana says.  "The funeral home will be here shortly, so let's say our goodbyes and?let them do their job."
"I'll give you two some privacy." Daniel says, releasing my hand.  
"Daniel, sweetheart, you don't have to leave." Nana says.
I take his hand back in mine.  He lifts it and gives the back of my hand a kiss.  
Bending down, I give my mom a kiss on the cheek.  "I love you, mom.  I'll always love you.  Even when I'm a hundred years old, you'll always be my mom.  And I'll always love you and remember how strong, brave, unselfish and wonderful you always were.  I'll always strive to make you proud, and I'll always be faithful to the things you raised me to be faithful to.  Rest, mom."
I wipe the tears from my cheeks, one by one, and kiss her cheek again.  "Goodbye, mom."
Taking a step back, Daniel's hand rests on my waist, and he stands there as if he's ready to hold me up if needed.  Nana's expression hasn't wavered.  She's still got that warm smile.  It's as if she's at peace herself.  She bends over and kisses mom's other cheek.  "I love you, darling." Is all she says, but she remains by her side for a moment longer, like she's telepathically conveying a message.  "Okay," she sighs.  "Let's let her rest."
I nod.  Daniel's hand is in mine again.  Nana tells me that she's already got a picture of mom that mom picked out a long time ago, to go on an easel, that will be displayed at the funeral.  With that, we bid Nana adieu.  The funeral home had a spot in two days' time, so we took it, and arranged for her to be cremated in the meantime.  Heather was crushed but so sick she could barely talk, so it was a rather short conversation.  Bless her, she asked if there was anything she could do for me, even though she's so sick.  All I said was that I hoped she was well enough to come to the funeral.  She promised me she would if she had to come in a stretcher.
After making a few more phone calls, Daniel makes me an herbal tea with honey, and we sit on the couch together.  He lets me lay down while he rubs my feet again, like he did earlier.  "God, I never thought that would feel so incredible." I say.
"Have you ever had a foot massage before today?"
"Not as good as this." I state with closed eyes.  
"Are you hungry?  I don't think you even ate anything for dinner." Daniel says.
"A little bit.  Did the gang eat any of that pizza?"
"No.  Do you want me to warm a few slices up?"
"If you're going to warm some up for yourself." 
After we eat and clean up, I stand by the counter, off into space.  Daniel comes to my side and places his hand on my waist.  "You need anything?"
I break myself out of my reverie.  "No.  You should get going, shouldn't you?  Do you have a shift at the hospital in the morning?"
"I cancelled it."
"You didn't have to do that." I whine.  "You've done so much already."
"Hey, listen, I've put in so many hours I'm so far ahead of myself.  I can afford to take a month off if I felt so inclined."
I give him a look that says 'thank you' and he gives me a chaste kiss on the lips. His arms wrap around my waist as he pulls me close to him.  My arms snake around his neck.  "I'm really sorry about your mom, Kayla." He whispers into my ear.
Tears prick the backs of my eyes, and it's like those words give me permission to let go.  My arms hold him tighter and he pulls me closer.  I worry I'm choking him, but his grip doesn't move.  I gasp and sob and blubber into him, like he opened a floodgate.  Snot is running down my face onto his neck, down his shirt, and it doesn't stop until I feel him gasp.  At first, I think that maybe I am choking him, so I pull back.  Through my blurred, reddened eyes, I see that tears are running down his cheeks.  
"Daniel?oh my God, are you crying too?" I gasp, disbelieving. I've never seen a man cry.  I didn't know that they could even do that.  
His voice cracks.  "Well, yeah." He wipes his cheek with his hand.  "I mean, I knew your mom, too, and?" he gasps.  "I kind of feel your pain, you know," his voice raises an octave.  "I love you, Kayla.  You're my best friend.  You mean everything to me."
Those words bring on another wave of emotion.  I pull him close and hold him tight.  "I love you, too, Daniel." I gasp, squeezing the back of his neck with my hand.  He buries his head in my neck and kisses the flesh playfully, giving me another quick embrace, and then he pulls back.
"You better not ever tell my brother that I cried in front of a girl."
"I'm getting too much dirt on you, Daniel." I chuckle, which sounds ridiculous, because my nose is plugged.  It sounds more like a snort.  The sound gets a laugh out of him, and then it's contagious.  We're laughing, and then Daniel grabs me and hugs me close, sighing into my neck.  
"You want me to stay over?" he asks, as if he knows I don't want to be left alone.
"Yeah.  Is that okay?"
He shrugs.  "I wouldn't have asked otherwise.  I've got a change of clothes in my car."
"Sleepover supply." I say.
"I'll be right back."
Ten minutes later, I'm laying in bed while Daniel is brushing his teeth.  I didn't realize how exhausted I was until I hit the sheets.  By the time he's in my room, I'm half asleep.  "You want me on top of the covers?"
"Daniel, we might as well be sick again, because that's how much I'm worried about you being under the covers." I say groggily.  My eyes are closed.  Daniel lays next to me in his pyjamas, and spoons me the way that lovers do, only it's completely innocent, out of love, to comfort me.  I sleep better than I have in a long time.

?

The urn sits atop a rented casket, beside a ten by ten easel that holds the most hideous photo of my mother. I don't even remember seeing it before. It doesn't even look like her, frankly. The funeral director informs me that this is the one mom picked to be etched on her stone, too. I argued and he agreed to let me choose another one. Nana Mary agreed too. 
The service is very short, and thank God for that. I can hear Heather and the two sneezy twins coughing and hacking from behind me. There is no reception after the service, but there is an intermittent at the cemetery. I've been chosen to walk behind mom's casket, even though she isn't in there. The pallbearers are people I don't even recognize from my mom's past. One could be my dad, but I don't know. I don't remember him, and mom only had their wedding photo of him. 
As I walk behind the casket alone, I see people on either side of me, seemingly staring at me. My throat starts to feel tight. My lips go numb, and I'm gasping, trying not to cry but the lump in my throat is so large I can't take it. As I walk past Daniel, Heather and my other friends, I can't even look at them. My breath is in gasps. Daniel looks at me and squeezes his way past Heather, grabbing me by the waist. 
"Breathe, Kayla." He whispers to me under his breath. His hand strokes my back gently. "You can do this."
I try to swallow, and I can't. His arm wraps around my shoulders as he pulls me into him. "C'mon, Baby. I'm here. It's okay." He kisses my cheek.  "Focus on breathing.  That's the only job you have.  Never mind all these people.  It's just you and me."
All I can think about is that my mom is gone.  This is it.  This is the last of it.  In the next five minutes, this will be the last business I have to do with mom.  I'll never see her again.  I'll never get a call about her again.  No bills to pay, no medical appointments. Nothing.  No mom.  Ever again.  It's so unnerving that I almost faint.  Daniel has such a hold around me that I lean into him limply.  "That's it.  We're almost there.  You can do it." he whispers.  The next ten minutes are a blur.  I don't remember anything except Daniel waking me up to tell me that we're back at my place.  Not a person giving condolences, not a word exchanged is in my memory.  It's like my mind blocked it all out.  
He pushes on the button to undo my seatbelt.  There is shuffling as I hear him get my house keys out of my purse.  I hear him gently close the door and his soft footsteps up to the house, and then to my side of the car.  The door opens and my eyes are slits.  "I gotcha.  Just relax." He says, scooping me up into his arms.  I close my eyes and lean into him, oblivious to everything.  He doesn't even bother to take my shoes off, he just lays me on the bed and pulls the covers from the other side of the bed, over me.  I feel him slide his hands under the covers to take my shoes off, and then he kisses my forehead before leaving the room and closing the door softly behind him.  
When I awake, the house is silent.  I wonder for a second if he's left me alone.  Then, as I get up out of bed, I see that there's barely any daylight.  I must have slept for hours.  Opening the blinds, I look outside.  Standing, staring out the window, my mind is still blank.  I consider it a blessing.  I'm numb.  I don't feel anything.  And thank God for that.  There's a soft knock at the door.  "Come in."
"I thought I heard you pulling up your blinds." He says softly, walking in.  "You feel better?  You were exhausted."
"Yeah, thanks." I yawn.  "What have you been doing?"
"I made us something to eat.  And I tidied your kitchen up.  I called Christopher to let him know where I am.  I haven't been home since yesterday except to pick up my suit, and he wasn't even home then.  He was getting a little bit worried." He chuckles softy.  "Are you hungry?"
"That depends." I purse my lips into a grin.  "What did you make?"
He winks.  "Come and see."
I follow him into the kitchen, and I see that he's made grilled cheese sandwiches.  Totally killing our Keto diet for sure.  "I know this is against the rules, but, I confess?this is my specialty."
Taking a closer look, I see that he's made the sandwiches with cheddar, feta and mozzarella cheese, sweet onions and Roma tomatoes.  "Wow.  These are gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches." I say, impressed.
"They're my favorite. And these are my go-to meal.  Christopher's been trying to nail them for a while, but he can't get the feta to melt the way I can." He pauses.  "Sit.  I'll bring you a plate."
Never in my life have I tasted grilled cheese sandwiches like these before.  They're my new favorite.  "We're screwed now."
Daniel giggles.  "How?  It's one meal."
"No, I mean, I'm in love with these things now.  We're screwed.  Goodbye Keto diet."
He waves. "It's only for school, anyway.  We don't have to live on it.  I can't.  God, do I miss bread and carbs.  Noodles.  Beer."
"You drink beer?"
"Sometimes.  But certainly on a hot summer day I do."
"I didn't picture you the beer drinking type.  Not with that body."
He gets a funny look on his face and glances at his belly.  "This body?"
I chuckle.  "Yeah, that body.  You don't look like you ever drink beer."
"Once in a while doesn't hurt." He says.
"Tell that to Greg." I say.
He rolls his eyes.  "Don't even get me started on that."
"Sorry."
He takes a sip of his water and swallows.  "It's okay."
"So you went out to get the food?" I ask, curious.
"Yeah.  I figured you'd be out for a while, so I went and picked up some stuff.  I bought dessert, too."
"Keto-friendly?" I probe jokingly.
He looks at me like he's about to dangle a carrot in front of my face.  "Cheesecake.  New York Cherry."
My nostrils flare.  "You found my weak spot."
He lifts a brow, feigning seduction.  "Give me a challenge."
We both laugh and mow down on the cheesecake.  After watching the rest of our comedy that we started watching a couple of days ago, we think about throwing in another one.  "It's getting late, Daniel.  Don't you have to go to work tomorrow?"
"I took the day off, tomorrow, too.  I've got a few vacation days in the bank.  But we both still have to go to class tomorrow night.  I'll take you if you like."
"Are you going to move in with me, Daniel?" I tease.
He cups my chin in his hand gently.  "Na, I just want to make sure you're okay."
"After what you just fed me, baby, I'm good." I joke.
"Good.  I'm glad."
I sigh.  "I do have to pick out a picture of my mom for the headstone, though."
"I'm sure you don't need to worry about that right away." He says, clearing the plates.
"I kind of want to, actually.  I didn't recognize any of the pallbearers, and I didn't get a chance to ask Nana Mary who they were.  Maybe some of mom's pictures will tell the tale."
"You have all your mom's pictures here?"
"Yeah.  She passed them down to me after she went blind.  They're in a storage box in my bedroom closet."
"You want some help?"
"Daniel, you don't want to look through old photos of people you don't know." I say, as if what he's suggesting is ridiculous.
He folds his arms in front of his chest.  "Then why did I ask?" he pauses for emphasis and then holds out his hand.  "Let's go."
Still in his suit pants and linen shirt, Daniel's sleeves are rolled up from cooking earlier.  I can't help but watch his muscles clench as he lifts the photo box from the bottom of my closet.  "Wow, you're strong." I say, touching his bulging bicep.  
"Hey, get your own." He jokes.  His skin is soft, but his muscles are hard.  
I pull the lid off the box as he sets it on the floor.  He lays on my bed, on the spare pillow, with his head propped on his hand, and his elbow on the bed.  The way his hair falls across his forehead when he lays that way is so cute.  I'm still in my black frock.  It's sleeveless with a pleated skirt.  Sitting cross-legged on the bed beside him, I stuff the dress between my legs, so I don't expose myself.  Daniel pretends like he's going to look up my skirt, by miming lifting it up.  "Mature." I say, smiling.
"You copped a feel a minute ago." He teases, but his voice is silky.
I ignore his jibe as I pull an album out of the box.  We begin searching through it, as we take turns flipping it the other way so we can each take a look without having to view the pictures upside down.  When I find my parent's wedding photo, I pause.  "Wow.  You look just like your mom." Daniel comments, taking a closer look.  "You don't look anything like your dad."
"Does he resemble anyone that you saw there today?  Any of the pallbearers maybe?"
He studies it for a little longer.  "I don't think so.  Maybe you should ask Nana Mary."
"Maybe."
My phone starts to ring.  It's in the living room.  I uncross my legs and try to lift off the bed, being careful to keep my skirt down.  Daniel catches how cautious I'm being, and he turns onto his back. "I won't look." He admits.
I smack him on the arm playfully.  "I'll be right back."
Checking the display, I see that it's Heather.  "Hey, how are you holding up?" she asks the proverbial post-funeral question.  Her voice sounds worse than it did earlier.
"I'm okay.  Daniel made me sleep and fed me until I couldn't move.  How are you feeling?"
"Like?oh, never mind.  This is the worst flu bug I've ever had.  I just wanted to check on you.  I feel bad that I couldn't stay with you.  But I also know you probably prefer Daniel to my company, anyway."
"That's not true.  Well, maybe a little bit true, since you're a snot factory right now." I chuckle.
"How's your gramma doing?"
"I should call her and check on her."
"I promise you as soon as I feel better, I'm taking you out to dinner, my treat."
"It's okay.  I get it.  If I were sick, I know you wouldn't hold it against me."
I hear another call coming in and look on the display.  "Nana Mary must have heard me.  She's on the other line."
"Call me if you need anything, okay?"
"You too."
I click off the line with Heather and click over to Nana.  "Hi, Nana.  I was just talking to Heather."
"Oh, how is she feeling?" Nana sounds tired but chipper.
"Like crap, just like she sounds.  How are you doing?"
"Oh, I'm fine, love.  Bruce and I just had a lovely dinner.  We'll all pull together, sweetheart.  It's in our blood."
"I know, Nana.  Do you want to have dinner on the weekend?"
"Sure, dear.  I'd love to." She pauses.  "Do you want me to come for a visit?  You're not alone, are you?"
"No, Nana, you sound so tired.  And Daniel's here with me.  I'm not alone."
I'm in the basement so Daniel doesn't have to hear me chatting.  I know men sometimes hate the way women go on and on.  It used to irritate Nick to no end when I had a conversation in the same room as him.  
"He's such a wonderful boy.  I don't know who came up with the idea for you to walk alone in the procession.  I told the Reverend so afterwards."
"You didn't have to do that.  I was okay." I lie.
"Alright, dear.  I'm heading off to bed.  I just wanted to check on you first."
"That's sweet, Nana.  I'm okay."
"Talk soon, love."
"Okay, Nana." 
I click off and trot back upstairs.  When I get to my bedroom door, I'm about to speak, when I see something that makes me stop in my tracks.  Daniel is laying on my bed, on his back, with his head resting on the pillow, one arm cradled under his head, the other draped over his stomach.  His head is tilted towards my side of the bed.  He's sound asleep.  I stand there, watching his bulky chest rise and fall so peacefully.  Taking a step inside the room, I inch my way closer to him.  He has long, dark eyelashes, creating a shadow that splays across his cheeks like a cherub.  
Thighs with enough muscle to stand out, even in slumber, and shoulders that look imposing but soft enough to hold, I want to touch them.  As I stare at the apex of his thighs, I notice for the first time that he has a very decent sized bulge behind his zipper.  Tufts of hair lay over his ears and forehead, softly mussed from his sleep.  His full lips are closed, but look plump, begging to be kissed.  "He loves you, Kayla.  Men like that don't wait forever."  Mom's words ring inside my head as though she's sending me a telepathic message from heaven.  
As I get closer to him, his scent becomes apparent, and I want to bury my face in his neck.  It's fully exposed from one side, and suddenly I'm torn between kissing the flesh between his ears and shoulders and kissing his lips.  Either way, my lips want to feel his flesh on them.  Leaning down slowly, I get close enough to feel the heat from his skin on mine.  I feel like I'm going to wake him and startle him, and almost lose my nerve, but when he doesn't stir, I gain the courage.
Opening my mouth slightly, I tilt my head so I can angle in closely, and I kiss his lips softly, taking in his soft skin with just a little suction.  As I pull back, his eyes open slowly.  He says nothing, but he glances at me through eyes that seem so honest, they look like dinner plates.  "Sorry, I didn't mean to wake you." I whisper against his lips.
"That's the nicest way I've even been woken up." He murmurs as he pulls the arm that was on his belly over to my face.  Tracing a finger down the side of my cheek, he glances at my lips, as if asking for more.
My voice is low and soft.  "When you said that you loved me earlier, did you mean?as friends?"
He swallows before speaking softly.  "I think you and I both know that there is a lot more between us than friendship."
"So my mother was right." I say, staring at his lips.
"I'm sure she was." He says, "I love you more than I've loved anyone else my entire life."
"How come you never said anything until now?"
"Patience is a virtue."  He pauses, skating a finger down my face.  "I was waiting."
"Waiting for what?"
"This."
I give him a puzzled look.
"For you to come to me.  There's no point in telling someone how you feel about them if they're not ready to hear it."
"I don't need to hear it, Daniel.  I feel it."
"Mission accomplished."
"So now what?  I mean, you said I'm your best friend.  If we're more than just friends, does that mean we risk losing what we have together now?"
"That I'll leave up to you."
"Well?how do you feel?you know?about taking the next step?"
"I just don't want to see you in any pain.  If being friends makes you happy, then we're friends."  He pauses.  "You've been through a lot, Kayla.  I don't want you to worry about this right now." He drapes a piece of hair over my ear.  "Is there anything I can do to ease your pain?"
His words are so sincere it's warming my heart.  Our faces are so close that our noses are almost touching.  The heat from his touch is making me want more.  I lean in and kiss him again, this time he opens his mouth slightly and kisses me back softly.  The contact is electric.  It feels like a pulse of energy is being pumped through my body.  As I pull back, the wetness on my lips from his mouth tastes salty yet sweet.  I want more.  Once again, I lean in. He lifts his head and the top half of his body, gently forcing me to lay astride him. Cupping my face with one hand he opens his mouth, tilts his head and envelops his lips over mine, creating gentle suction so sweet, a tiny gasp comes from my throat. When he pulls back, he looks into my eyes so intently, I feel a lump form in my throat. 
"I love you so much, Kayla." He whispers under the soft lamp light beside us. 
Slowly pulling my fingers through the hair at the sides of his head I whisper back. "I love you, too, Daniel."

Chapter 19
Daniel
When I saw Kayla walking alone behind her mother's casket, my heart tore in two. The minute I saw her crack I stepped in. Nobody should have to go through that alone. I think if I hadn't intervened, she would have fainted. The poor girl couldn't handle all that. It's way too much. 
It's a shame that her friends weren't able to support her the way that they should have, but even I could tell that they were all sick as hell, and on top of everything else, the last thing that Kayla needs now is to get sick. I'd take the week off to be there with her if I needed to. 
Thankful that she's talking instead of crying, I rest my eyes as she has a conversation with her best friend Heather. Waking up to her kiss?was?sublime. Completely unexpected yet totally welcome, I have to fight my inner urges and listen to my heart. Kayla isn't ready for anything heavy right now. I don't want to pressure her by telling her how deep my feelings are for her, but when she wakes me by touching her lips to mine, I can't help but wonder...is she thinking clearly?
 But then, when I tell her I'm leaving the ball in her court, she wants more. As she angles her head to kiss me again, I want more, too. Lifting, I pull myself closer to her, and she lowers her head on to the pillow, while I lean across the top half of her body with mine. The contact is so?sexy. Her breasts are soft and plump against my chest. She smells like coconuts and Kayla. 
As our lips connect again, I revel in her warm, wet flesh, and remind myself to stay in control. I want to slide my tongue in and taste her more, but I'm not sure if she's ready for that yet. My lips slide over hers slowly, almost rhythmically, sucking gently, once, twice, a dozen times, as I keep my kisses semi-chaste. 
Pulling back to give her a break, she glances at me and lifts her head, as her mouth finds my neck. My dick immediately reacts to the contact as she kisses and sucks my skin so seductively. A soft grunt escapes from my throat involuntarily as I turn my head slightly and close my eyes instinctively, letting her have full access. She can leave a million hickies for all I care. It feels so goddamn good. 
My hand slides down her side, grazing the side of her breast, over her dress. When she nips my earlobe, I feel it in the groin as it gets harder. As she pulls back, I throw my inhibitions out the window, and tilt my head, opening my mouth, and I slide my tongue inside, gently forcing her lips apart with mine. We both breathe outward as if taking our first breaths together. The feeling is so fucking hot. Her tongue is soft and warm against mine as we kiss like lovers. This is way better than that kiss at the bar the night we first met.  Her lips slide over mine again and again as our tongues connect deliciously, and I feel her hot breath on my cheek.  Hands all in my hair, she's almost pulling me closer to her, taking all of me in.  
Our lips part slightly for a second, but then reconnect a second later, as we seemingly can't get enough contact with each other.  The suction from her mouth on mine is getting me so hot it's almost too much.  Chests starting to heave from lust, I can hear our heavy breathing in the silence.  The sound is heady.  When our lips part again, I bury my head into her neck and begin sucking and kissing her skin; first one side, then I kiss along her collar bone from the neck of her dress, and kiss my way to the other side, trailing kisses from her shoulder to her ear.  
Kayla pushes her back leg towards me, indicating that she wants me on my side.  I play along as she turns onto her side to face me.  As she drapes her leg over my hip, my hand finds her thigh as I graze my hand up her skirt. Her lips find mine again as my hand travels up her leg until I reach her ass.  Without stockings, her rear end is naked under thong panties.  Skating a thumb over her skin, she starts to writhe from my touch.  "I really like this dress." I murmur against her lips.
"The dress or the underwear?" She giggles. 
"Both are?very nice."  My voice is low and sultry. Gently pushing me onto my back, Kayla sits on my belly and begins unbuttoning my shirt.  My hands are all over her legs as she sits on me, and I watch her facial expression change as my chest and belly are exposed.  
"You're so perfect, Daniel." She comments as she opens my shirt wide.  Her hands sweep slowly all over my chest and belly, feeling my skin, and I lift so we're nose-to-nose.  "Hi," she says as she kisses me.
"Hi, baby," I whisper against her lips, pulling my arms out of my shirt and tossing it.  The zipper to her dress is at the back of her neck.  I pull it down until it stops at the crest of her rear end, and I slide it off her arms, revealing her black lacy bra underneath.  I kiss her chest just above her bra and she climbs off me, onto the floor, and steps out of her dress.  Turning to face her, I sit on the bed, and bury my head into her belly, revelling in how soft and warm she is.  Then my lips find the flesh around her navel, and I kiss her with an open mouth, all around that area.  I can hear her breathing in deeply, taking it all in.
Standing up, I turn her so her back faces me, and I begin kissing her shoulders and back, trailing kisses all the way down to her ass, where I kiss, suck and lick her flesh there.  The nerve endings in her rear end must be sensitive, because she starts moaning, spurring me on.  Rising slowly, I trail kisses up her back, sliding my hands up either side of her body, until I reach her neck.  Tilting her head, Kayla's eyes are closed as I kiss her neck from her shoulder to her ear and place my hands on the cups of her bra.  With my thumbs inside her bra, I kiss her neck while grazing her nipples with my thumbs.  They bead instantly, making my cock twitch, and she reaches back, cupping my hardness with her hand.
As her hand slides up and down the shaft under my zipper, my eyes close from her touch.  Two years, my friends?it's been two years since I've been touched there, or anywhere else for that matter.  "Mmmmm?." I whisper in her ear as she continues pleasuring me, and then she turns around to face me, and unbuttons my dress pants.  As the zipper comes down, her hands go on either side of my hips and she pushes them down to the floor.  I quickly wiggle my way out of my socks, as we stand there wearing only enough to cover our bathing suit areas.
Wrapping my arms around her, I envelop her body with mine. Dividing my gaze between her eyes I tell her again how much I love her. She says those three special words back to me and I lower her onto the bed, placing my weight carefully over her. My hardness is on her sweet spot, and her eyes slowly close as she takes in the contact. 
Cupping my hands around her face, I kiss her deeply, sliding my tongue inside her mouth, entangling it with hers as she parts her legs and rubs her hands down the length of my back, stopping at my ass, where she slides her hands inside my briefs and pulls them downward, exposing me. 
Using her feet, she hooks her toes into the sides of my underwear, and in one motion, slides them down to my feet, where I kick them off. I'm naked and on top of her. There is one layer separating us. Burying my face between her breasts, I nip at the center of her bra, and tuck my hands behind her back, unhooking it. As it loosens around her, I lift it off her with my teeth, as she lifts her arms and it springs off her onto the floor. 
Her breasts are so fucking perfect. Pert, on the smallish side, just the way I like them. Teasing her, I kiss the fleshy part around her nipple, and she arches her back slightly, begging me to hit the jackpot. I kiss between them, pushing them closer together with my hands, and suck up and down until I get to her nipple. Her mouth opens wide as she exhales sharply while I first suck her nipple and then lick it as it puckers. She breathes, "oooohhhh," as I do the same to the other breast while gently pinching the one I worked on first. 
Her hand makes its way down below my belt, and she plays with the head of my cock, making me squirm. It feels amazing. She's using just enough pressure around the ridge. It's making me want to bury myself in her. When she brings her hand to her mouth and moistens it, before placing it around my dick again, I just about lose my mind. 
"Jesus, Kayla. You're killing me doing that, baby." I say breathlessly.  
"I know." 
I chuckle softly against her skin. "Can I rip your underwear off?"
"Sure." 
Sliding my body down, I grasp her thong with one hand on either side of her hips, and pull them down, tossing them over the bed. Fully exposed to her, I bend down and kiss her?there. She's exquisite. Short, downy hair covers her just a little, like she's recently trimmed herself. 
Lifting her knees so her legs part, I lower myself so my face fits between her legs. At first, I pleasantly shock her by placing my mouth on her and sucking her swollen clit quickly. She lets out a sexy little gasp, but then when I suck her clit slowly, she says, "Mmmm?"
Cupping her ass with my hands, I suck her gently, pulling her folds apart, so her clit is fully exposed. As I start licking, her legs relax in my hands, and she starts to moan, making my cock twitch. There is nothing sexier than the woman you love making those noises while you're pleasuring her. As my tongue playfully batters her most sensitive spot, my hands trail up her belly to her breasts, where I gently pinch her nipples, making her moan aloud. 
"God, Daniel." She gasps, grasping the sheets with her hands. Her knuckles turn white as her back lifts slightly off the bed. 
I suck her gently again and then lick harder and faster, as her noises come in time with the pleasure climbing within her. My fingers don't stop pinching her nipples as I feel her legs begin to stiffen. Her hips move rhythmically, as if being manipulated by a marionette. 
"Oh God, Daniel." She breathes, as her mouth opens while a silent scream comes out of her. "Oh God, don't stop. Ooohhh!" She shouts as her body locks up and her chest heaves up and down rapidly, while she pants, feeling her release. Crying out my name, God's name, and a few expletives I've never heard uttered from her, she lets go and rides the intense waves of pleasure as her orgasm flows through her needy body. 
It came on so fast, I wonder if she can come again, but my cock is ready to explode after witnessing that. Her shouts turn to mewls, and then they calm.  Kissing the insides of her thighs, her knees, and all the way up her body, I reach her lips, and I kiss her deeply. Still winded, she lays limp but satiated, giving me a warm smile. 
"You're the King." She says. 
I give her a funny look but smile back. That was almost no effort at all, but I don't tell her that. Her hand reaches down to my very hardened dick, and she brings it to her wetness. 
"Hang on a sec, babe. I've got a condom in my wallet." I murmur against her lips. Truthfully, the thing has been there a while, but it's better than nothing. Reaching down to my pants on the floor, I pull my wallet out and finagle the foil package out, placing it on her chest.  "Do you want to do the honors, or do you want me to take care of it?"
"I can do it." She says, ripping the foil off. I sit back slightly so she has easier access. 
"Is this thing going to fit?" She giggles, having trouble putting it on. I push my pelvis upward, helping her, and it slides on like a glove. My grin turns into an intense gaze as I place my weight on her again. Enveloping her lips with mine, I take her hands from her sides and interlace her fingers with mine while I enter her. 
As I fill her, her eyes are closed, and I want to watch her expression, but she feels so goddamn good I can't help but close my eyes, too. Her body is so tight and warm. Just enough wetness helps my cock slide almost all the way in on the first thrust. 
She lets out a sexy little grunt as she opens her legs wider and moves her pelvis in time with mine.  We're slowly, softly making love in a mutual rhythm as I plant soft kisses on her lips.  Getting hotter, she starts dipping her tongue in my mouth, and I suck on her tongue.  She finds that hot, so she sucks on mine, making a soft moan come out of me.  Leaning down, I begin sucking and licking her nipples while moving inside her.  Insides slowly tightening, I enter her more, filling her completely, and she rears her head back, feeling me to the hilt.
"You like it deep, baby?" I ask softly against her skin.
"Mmm?" she pants, with a tone that tells me yes, she likes it very much.  I like it, too, so I push her knees higher, opening her fully, while revelling in her breasts.  "Ooohhh," she breathes as I begin to pick up speed, starting to lose my mind it feels so good.  
"Kayla, baby, God, you feel so good." I say, lifting off her breasts, leaning upward, listening to our skin slap together softly.  Her back is arching, and my balls are banging against her ass, tightening as they fill.  My cock is so hard I'm filling her entirely, feeling every inch of her.  The bed starts to squeak, almost drowning out our ragged breathing.
"Mmmm?oh, God, baby." I pant, rearing my neck backward, feeling all of her, climbing higher with her.  Watching her fingers grip the sheets again, her insides start to clench, and her legs begin to stiffen.  "God, I'm close, Kayla?" I murmur, almost in warning.
"Ah!" she cries out as her orgasm catches, and I feel it, too, like her body is sucking my dick, begging it to let go.  And it listens.  My breathing becomes so labored I can hardly get oxygen in as I keep the rhythm, grunting, grinding into her, emptying into her, feeling myself come like I've never come before.  
When the aftershocks finally subside, I lean my body on her and interlace my hands in hers, as I rest my head on her shoulder.  The vibration from our hearts beating together feels like we're at a rock concert.  
We lay, recovering for a few moments. All we can hear is our labored breathing. Finally, I swallow and kiss her neck once, twice, three times, and then trail kisses up her jawline, until I find my way to her lips. Her fingers unhook from mine and she weaves them through my hair as we kiss slowly, noisily, yet chastely. 
"I'm not too heavy on you, am I?" I ask. 
"Not at all." She sighs, satisfied. 
I chuckle softly, looking into her eyes, and then I kiss her lips again. "I could get used to this." I say against her lips. 
"Mmmm?.me too."
The bedsheets are all over the place. Half on me, half on her, part of the blanket is on the floor.  Our clothes are strung all over. "It's not at all obvious what we've been doing." I joke. 
"It wasn't good unless you made a mess." She comments. "That statement applies to many things."
I kiss her lips once more and lift off her, taking care of the condom, and rejoining her in bed. My arms envelop her body from behind, spooning her.  She sighs and turns over to face me.  "I can't believe we just did that." She whispers, dividing her gaze between both my eyes.
"Me neither." I say, and then I kiss her lips.  "I wasn't sure if you were ready."
"I didn't think I was."  She kisses me on the mouth.  "I just couldn't resist seeing you sound asleep."
I close my eyes and lay my head on the pillow, feigning snoring.  She playfully punches my shoulder, giggling.  "Well, if that's all it takes." I joke.
"Haha." She smiles.  "I never knew a man sleeping could be so sexy."
"You're pretty sexy when you're asleep, too.  I've watched you a couple of times." I drape a loose hair over her ear.  
"Drooling turns you on, does it." she says facetiously.
I grunt as I lay my body on top of hers, cupping her face in my hands.  "You don't drool when you sleep." My hands brush the hair on the sides of her face as I lay on top of her, nose-to-nose.  "You want me to stay the night?" I ask softly, rubbing my nose on hers.
"Yeah," she whispers. 
"Okay, then." I whisper back. "There's only one problem."
A 'v' forms between her brows.  "What's the problem?  No change of clothes this time?"
"No, I've got lots of clothes in my car." I look at her chin, and then my eyes stare deeply into hers.  "That was my only condom, and if I'm sleeping next to you, naked, after what we just did?" I draw in a breath, "we're gonna need more."
She kisses my nose.  "Let's get dressed and go."

Chapter 20
Kayla
It's been a whirlwind of a day to say the least.  My mom was laid to rest today, and as much as it was heartbreaking saying goodbye, I also can't help but feel that she's looking down at me in peace.  Daniel says that sometimes the body gets a little better first before shutting down, and that certainly was the case here.  While it was puzzling, I'm glad that mom had a couple of healthy days, and then she passed away peacefully in her sleep. 
Nana Mary is the strongest woman I know besides my mom.  After laying her daughter to rest, which had to have been one of the toughest things she has ever had to do, she also seemed at peace.  It must be an awful thing to watch your daughter suffering with sickness practically her entire life.  To me, I never knew any better.  Mom was sick since the day I was born, and it was something I was always used to.  
Although inappropriate on a day like today, making love with Daniel was just what I needed.  His exact words 'is there anything I can do to ease your pain?' made me think only of being close with him.  Admittedly, I had more hugging in mind, but after seeing him lay on my bed so peaceful and sound asleep, I just couldn't resist him any longer.  When he kissed me so deeply, I couldn't think of anything other than losing myself in him.  I've never been so aroused, pleasured, or loved my entire life.  Being with him was magical.  I didn't realize just how much I loved him until he showed me how much he loved me.  
As we lay in bed together after making love, we have a few giggles, which is so cute I can't stand it.  Then he alludes to more lovemaking later, and I get tingles already.  He has a sweet little pout as I dress, and I can't help but laugh at him. "You're so cute it shouldn't be legal." 
He chuckles softly, pulling his pants up his legs.  Standing there in just his dress pants is so hot, I feel my thighs dampen again.  His six pack is taunting me.  "What?" he says with a sexy grin on his face.  
"Put your shirt on or I'm going to take advantage of you again." 
"I think I was the one taking advantage." He admits, looking for his socks.
"So I would make you think." I lift a brow.
As he bends over to pull his socks on, his abs crunch, and I bite my lip.  I'm still in my bra and panties.  He glances at me, noticing that I'm not finishing getting dressed.  "Oh, you're looking for trouble, standing there like that." He says, his voice is low and sexy, with just a touch of warning.  As he steps towards me, I have to take a step back.  
"Come any closer and I can't be held responsible for what happens." I say, shielding my eyes from him.  He's so beautiful I can't stand it.  His pants hang off his hips perfectly, highlighting the muscles around his waist.  
"I tell you what?we keep our backs turned until we're fully clothed."
"That would work well if I knew where my dress was."
Daniel is silent. I lift my hand off my eyes.  He's scanning the room. Picking up the blanket off the floor, he finds my dress tucked under it.  Taking a step towards me, he hands me the dress, and when I think he's just going to give it to me, he pulls my hand towards him and wraps his arms around me.  "I found something."
"My dress, yes." I purr.
"A beautiful woman." He corrects, staring at my lips.
"If your lips touch mine, I'm going to combust."
"Well, I can't have that happen?or can I?" he teases, kissing me full on the mouth, without tongue, which disappoints me.  Lifting his lips off mine, he grins.  "Okay, I give up.  Let's go get what we need, or I'm going to combust."
He helps me get into my dress and does up the zipper in the back.  Kissing me once, he takes my hand and walks me out of the bedroom.  As we drive to the drugstore, he's holding my hand the whole time.  We hit a stoplight and he leans over, glancing at my lips.  "We keep this up we won't make it to the store."
"We've got clothes on.  We'll be fine." He says against my lips.  I notice that he keeps his tongue to himself as he kisses me.  Our fingers are interlaced as we walk through the store.  "I could have come alone, you know.  You could have stayed nice and warm in bed."
I play along.  "Alone?  That's no fun." 
He winks as we walk to the aisle and get the box of condoms.  As we head to the cash out, Daniel hands the cashier his card and she swipes it.  "There's a problem with your card, sir." The cashier says.
A 'v' forms between his brows.  "Please try it again.  I just used that card last night."
She sighs but does as instructed.  Ten seconds later, she looks at him and shakes her head.  "Sorry, sir.  It's been declined."
"I don't get it." he shakes his head, pulling his wallet out of his back pocket.  "Here, try my debit card."
She takes it and runs it through.  It is accepted.  Daniel takes the card back and takes the bag as we head out the door.  "I'm just going to make a call to the bank and see what happened there.  That was very strange.  I've never had a problem with my credit card before. Ever." He says, taking my hand in his.  
"Sure." I shrug as we enter the car.  We stay parked while he punches numbers into his phone.  When he gets a live person, he puts the phone on Bluetooth as we pull out of the parking spot.  His hand is interlaced in mine.
"Mr. Lynch, can you give me your password." The male operator asks.  He gives it to him as we drive.
"What can I help you with, Mr. Lynch?" 
"My credit card was just declined.  That's never happened to me before.  Would you mind looking into that for me please?"
"Sure.  I'm happy to help.  Please hold while I pull up your information."
"Go ahead." Daniel says.  He looks at me.  "Sorry about this.  This isn't terribly romantic I'm afraid."
"That's okay, sweetie.  You have to find out what's wrong." I smile.  He leans over and kisses me as we stop at a light.
The operator comes back on the line.  "Mr. Lynch, it appears that your credit card is overdrawn."
Daniel cranes his neck back.  "What?  That's impossible.  I ordered a couple of pizzas last night and there was nothing else on my card.  I always pay it off completely and I just paid the balance last week."
"I'm sorry, Mr. Lynch, but there was a lump sum withdrawal from your credit card last night and today.  It went over your daily limit, that's why your credit card was declined."
"I had no idea I had a daily limit.  I've never set one.  Can you please tell me what that limit is?like five hundred?"
"Ten thousand, Mr. Lynch."
Daniel's face goes blank.  He pulls the car over.  His voice raises an octave.  "Hang on a second here?are you telling me that two lump sums of ten thousand dollars were withdrawn from my account?" he rakes a hand through his hair.
"Yes, sir.  That's what I'm telling you."
His eyes bulge.  "What the FUCK!  My fucking card's been hacked!  I haven't touched my card other than for the pizza last night!" he yells.
"O?Okay, sir.  Please calm down." the operator says.  "We can put a freeze on your account and a claim for the withdrawals."
"I certainly fucking hope so!  This is ridiculous!" Daniel is hysterical.  I don't blame him one bit.  My hands are shaking.  This is such a shock. 
"Sir, I'll do it right now, please hold the line."
He pounds the steering wheel and rakes a hand through his hair. "I'm sorry about all this. And sorry for the language." He says, not looking at me. 
"It's okay. I'd be just as upset." I rub his thigh. 
He draws in a deep breath and starts driving again. The operator comes on a moment later. "Mr. Lynch, I've frozen your account, filed a claim for the amount, and I've initiated an investigation for you."
"Do I need to get the police involved?" He asks.
"That's entirely up to you, sir, but usually the authorities ask that the investigation is in place first. They will need that information before they can action it."
"So there's nothing I can do?" The helplessness in Daniel's voice is palpable.
"Unless you want to start the police investigation, no, I'm afraid not. They probably won't even come out to file a police report yet. But you can start one online if you like."
"Will I get my money back?"
"As I said, Mr.  Lynch, we will file a claim for you. You have insurance on the account, so the paperwork has been initiated."
"Is that a yes?"
"It depends on the outcome of the investigation, sir."
"Thanks." Daniel's voice drips with frustration.  The operator closes the conversation by giving him a reference number which they've also emailed to him.  He lets out a long sigh when the call is disconnected.
"I'm so sorry, Daniel. I wish there was something I could do to help."
"Evidently there's nothing I can even do to help. So don't feel bad. I feel useless and used. This has never happened to me before."
"Do you buy much online?"
"Not a damn thing. It must have been that goddamn pizza joint."
"You think so?"
"They're the last place I gave my number to. I bet the punk wrote it down and went to town."
"I'm sure the bank will straighten it out." I say, giving his hand a squeeze. He doesn't respond a first, but then he sighs again, and reaches for my hand. 
"You're right."  He interlaces his fingers with mine and lifts my hand, kissing the back of it, giving me delicious shivers. "Sorry. I didn't mean to ruin the mood."
"That's okay." I smile and he cracks a smile. 
"It's a good thing we needed condoms. I might have never known my card was hacked until they drained me dry."
"Having sex paid off in more ways than one." I lift my brows. 
"Here here." He lifts my hand and kisses it again, and then we hit a light and he leans over and kisses me full on the mouth. Feeling courageous, I dip my tongue inside and he moans softly, making my thighs damp. I tilt my head farther, taking his lips on mine fully, and slide my tongue in deeper. When he pulls back, he gives me an intense gaze. "Do you wanna pull over?"  He's only half joking by his tone. 
I smirk. "I've never done it in a car before."
"That makes two of us." He wiggles his brows as the light turns green. 
Two minutes later we pull into my driveway. He leans over and plants a moonlight kiss on my lips as we sit in his car, listening to the tinny sound of it cooling. I kiss him back and before it gets too hot, we pull back. "We better get in the house." Daniel says. 
"Good idea."
I don't even shut the front door and we're all over each other. My hands are in his hair. He's lifted my feet off the floor, holding me tight against him. "Let me lock the door." I say breathlessly. He does the honors and turns the lock while removing his shoes. 
Pinning me to the wall, Daniel's tongue is deep inside my mouth. My hands are tangled in his hair while we kiss like we'll burst into flames if we don't. What he's doing to me should be rough and wild, but the way he's doing it is gentle yet hot. He has a way of touching me with strong intensity while being graceful. 
Wrapping my legs around his waist, I lift my mouth from his and bury my face into his neck, kissing and sucking it, while his hands travel up my skirt. "I can't handle this dress?and the underwear?man!" He says, semi-breathlessly as I suck his neck harder.
"Mind if I brand you?" I ask, my voice seductive. 
"Do whatever you want, baby. It feels amazing." He stills, taking in the contact, shifting his head sideways.  I kiss and suck from his shoulder to his ear and nip his earlobe.  He pulls his head up and kisses me voraciously, dipping his tongue deep inside my mouth, making my folds vibrate with need.  His hardness is leaning on my sweet spot, and he grabs hold of my ass, grinding into me.  "I need you naked for what I want to do next." He says as our lips break contact and he carries me to the bedroom.  Finding the zipper to my dress, Daniel lowers it, and then tosses the box of condoms on the bed.
Stepping out of my dress, I stand there in my bra and panties.  He stands there, seemingly drinking me in.  "God, you're so beautiful, I almost can't handle it." his face is intense.  Hot.  Sexy.  The way his eyes slowly scan my body up and down makes me shiver inwardly with need.  I take a step towards him and unbutton his shirt.  His gaze is on me as he traces his fingertips over my collarbone, down my chest, skating them over my bra, and down my belly.  The contact is such a turn-on, I want his lips all over me.  
As I pull his shirt over his shoulders, I drink him in.  "Speaking of beautiful." I say, matter-of-factly.  
His fingers trace my lips as he stands there shirtless.  Leaning down slightly, I begin kissing his chest, sliding my hands down his flank until I reach the zipper on his pants.  Grabbing the tab on his zipper, I pull it down and unbutton the top button.  Pushing his pants down, I kiss his lips, sweeping my tongue inside his mouth. He unfastens my bra and kisses my neck from my ear to my shoulder, across my collarbone and down to my breasts, cupping them with his hands. 
I pull his underwear down and he shimmies out of them and his socks, and then he places both his hands on either side of my hips, and skates his hands down, taking my thong in his wake.
When we're naked, he bends down and picks up the box of condoms, removing one and handing it to me. "We should have picked up the value pack." I tease. He smiles, giving me a sexy little wink as I pull the foil open and slide the condom on him. Our lips don't break contact as he lowers me down onto the bed.
He cups my face in his hands and whispers. "God, I love you so much, baby." His eyes scan both mine. 
My eyes mirror his as I whisper back pointedly. "Show me."
His lips meet mine in a tender yet needy kiss, as he slowly sweeps his tongue inside while entering me. I exhale sharply as he fills me, hitting all the right spots on the way in. A soft moan escapes his throat as he thrusts in all the way. His kisses grow stronger as he begins to move inside me, and I bury my hands in his hair, taking him in. 
His gentle yet thorough movements start to make me clench, and he starts to pick up speed. Our skin is softly slapping together when he lifts his lips off mine, letting his breath grow ragged. My eyes open, glancing at this Adonis making love to me. The way he looks at me, like I'm all that matters to him, all that ever mattered to him, and all that ever will matter to him, is my undoing. It's amazing how intimacy carries such a deep communication between lovers. 
I feel a strong wave of pleasure and he must feel it too, as our eyes close simultaneously.  He picks up speed, and I reach down, rounding my fingertips over his smooth ass. His mouth opens slightly. I fight the urge to grab it and pull him in deeper, but he takes the hint and lifts up, straightening his elbows. 
"Mmm?you really do like it deep, don't you?" He asks breathlessly. 
"I'm just in love with your ass. I want to bite it."
"Mmm?" he lets out a sexy grunt. "Dirty talk will get you everywhere." He almost whispers. The tone he's using is so goddamn sexy.  Like we're whispering under candlelight. 
"I want to go on top." 
He opens his eyes. "Your wish is my command."
In some magical move, he grabs me by the waist and rolls me over him, without losing our intimate bond.  "That was kinda cool."
"Stick around." He winks. His hands are still around my waist as he flattens his body and lifts his pelvis in time with my movements. "Oh, I could so get used to this, too." He says, staring at my lips, lifting his head so I lean down to kiss him. 
Our lips and tongues touch and part softly, several times, as we fall into a steady rhythm. Then he leans back so his head is on the pillow and he takes my breast in his mouth. It sends a huge wave through me, making me climb higher quickly. A gasp comes from my throat and then a moan as I fill myself with him deeply. 
He lifts his pelvis faster, angling his body upward slightly as he sucks one breast and gently squeezes the other with his hand. My mouth opens wide as a huge moan comes out. Daniel grunts, exhaling sharply, making such a sexy sound that I take as him getting close. The thought spurs me on and I feel like the rush is seconds away. I give him a warning cry as I feel my thighs buck and Daniel's hands grab hold of my hips and his thrusts get impossibly fast.  Shouting loudly as I feel my orgasm pummel through me like a heavenly tidal wave, I feel Daniel's chest lift slightly off the pillow as his back arches while he rides his release. 
We're a mess of panting, moaning and movement as we both come together under the throes of passion. When my aftershocks subside, I rest my head on his chest, which is heaving slightly. When he takes a cleansing breath, his hands leave my hips and rest on my back. 
As his hands rub my back, I draw in a deep breath and bury my head deeper into his neck. 
"Found a good spot." Daniel says softly. 
"They're all good spots."
He chuckles. His after sex chuckle is so friggin sexy I can't stand it. 
We lay there for a few minutes when he lays his hands flat on my back. "I should take care of the glove, babe." He pats my back, indicating that I should get off him. Two minutes later I'm laying on my back, he's on his side, tracing his fingers up and down my belly. "You think you're satisfied for a bit?" He asks flippantly.
"Why, are you leaving me?" I play along. 
"No, I'm not going anywhere. I was just checking in."
"There's no need to check in. Everything is great."
"Mission accomplished." He leans in and kisses me sweetly. He draws in a deep, satisfied breath and bends forward, kissing my belly softly. If I hadn't just come five minutes prior, that would have set me ablaze. 
"You have the softest lips." I run my hand through his hair. 
"Yours are like silk." He leans towards my face and kisses my lips. The intense look on his face as he pulls back tears at my heartstrings. 
"I'll never get tired of that face." I say, dragging a finger down his cheek. 
He kisses my nose and snuggles in beside me. "We should get some sleep, baby."  
I roll over on my side so he's spooning me. "I love you."
He kisses my back. "Love you, too."
I don't know how my life will ever be the same after spending the night with Daniel. It's tough to say goodbye to each other the next day. Especially difficult when I thought we had said goodbye, but two minutes later I hear a knock at the door. 
Surprised, I see Greg's face on the other side of the door. 

Chapter 21
Daniel
We play 'one more kiss' for like an hour before I actually leave her.  It felt so wrong leaving, but she felt bad for me already taking time away from work. Plus, she wanted to get her bearings back somewhat and go into work herself for a few hours. Remembering that we would be together tonight at class helped cushion the blow of leaving. 
But the minute I arrive at home I'm reminded why I shouldn't have left her. As I walk in the door, I see Christopher standing in the kitchen, flipping eggs in a frying pan. One look from him tells me he's figured it out. I try but fail to keep my face impassive. 
"There's a look I haven't seen in a while." He says, his tone cocky. 
I lift a finger at him. "Not one word or I'll kick you in a place that God intended only to be treated nicely."
"I bet your spot got treated very nicely last night, based on that satisfied smile on your face."
I turn my back to set my bag down, hoping to hide the pink in my face. "Shut up." 
"And he's not even denying it. Nice." My immature brother says, pleased with himself. "I'll bet you worked up an appetite. You want some eggs?"
"If that shuts you up." I guffaw. 
He sets a plate on the table for me and sits at the opposite end. We're both quiet for a few minutes while we eat. "Didn't her mom just croak?  What are you doing banging her?" He asks conversationally. 
"It wasn't like that."  I explain with my mouth full. 
"Really.  How was it then?"
"None of your business."
"Ah, so you stole her cherry, after all."
"You're about to get punched until you puke up your eggs." I warn, giving him a look that should tell the tale.
"If the girl's mom just died and you slept with her, man, you took advantage." He declares.  It gets under my skin and he knows it.
"She came on to me, man.  And we love each other.  So, you can shut the fuck up now."
He laughs out loud, slapping his leg for annoying emphasis.  "That's rich.  Who told who 'I love you' first?  This, I gotta hear."
"Not that it's any of your business, but I said it first."
"Oh, you must be hornier than a fucking rabbit, dude.  You told her you love her?"
A 'v' forms between my brows.  "I do."
"And you're sure she loves you?  You sure this wasn't just sympathy sex, and now you're just the dude who bagged her when she was feeling down?"
"Not that I expect you to understand, given that the closest relationship you've ever had is with your car, but yes, we love each other, and I know it.  You weren't at the funeral, man.  You didn't know her mom.  You don't understand what this girl has been through."  I pause.  "And if you say I bagged her one more time I'm going to torture you with household cleaning products."
He cranes his neck and stills for thought.  "I hope you're right.  Sometimes chicks have a way of sticking around to get what they want from you and then split.  Girls can break hearts too, Daniel."
"Are you suggesting that that sweet girl used me?"
He lifts one side of his mouth up into a condescending smirk.  "Wait and see."
"I can see talking to you is a waste of time." I sigh, picking up my plate.  I walk to the garbage can and scrape the last of my breakfast into it.  I've suddenly lost my appetite.  
"Like I said, man, I hope I'm wrong."
"Do you think I'm honestly considering that an ounce of what you're talking about could be true?" I'm flabbergasted.  I walk past him and artfully tousle his scruffy hair.  "Get a haircut."
But I have to admit that I wonder.  I can't believe the little shithead got under my skin with his bullshit rationale.  He knows nothing about Kayla and I.  I shouldn't have said a word to him.  As the day passes, I try to keep my mind off Kayla. I manage to only send her a text message or two, but she doesn't answer, which I'm only remotely worried about.  I know she's got a busy job, and probably a ton of other things to worry about.  After all, her mother literally just passed away.
It's not until I'm sitting in class, five minutes before it starts, that I begin to worry.  There has been no word from Kayla all day and she's not shown up for class.  Maybe she's let Gladstone know that there's been a death in the family and that she can't make it.  I try to convince myself.  But I offered to bring her myself.  Part of one of the text messages I sent her today was asking if she wanted me to come pick her up and take her.  Not a word in response.
Is Christopher right?  Is Kayla sloughing me off now?  No.  It can't be true.  She was so excited to start this class.  She's waited years.  As Gladstone walks in two minutes before class starts, he closes the door and my heart skips a beat.  Rising, I walk over to him and ask if he's heard anything from Kayla.  I explain the situation after he's told me that there haven't been any messages today, and he responds with surprising concern.  "I'm going to go by her place and make sure that she's okay, sir." I tell him.  He gives me an approving nod and I leave.
As I drive to her house, my heart is pounding.  Something is wrong.  Something is terribly wrong.  Kayla wouldn't disregard me.  She also wouldn't miss class without good reason.  When I arrive at her house, only to find that there is no answer at the door, I realize I'm sunk.  I don't have any contact information for Heather or Nana Mary, but I realize that I have all the classmates info for our project group.  Maybe someone has heard from Kayla.  I try them all with no luck.  Duh.  Everyone is in class.  At least all except Greg was there when I left.  Dammit.  
In a vain attempt to find her, I start driving towards the local Walmart.  Why am I here?  This is stupid.  I pull out and start driving aimlessly around her neighborhood.  Just like the night I drove around and ended up at her doorstep with her crying on my shoulder.  What brings me to Greg's house is beyond me.  He didn't show up to class, and I have no idea why the two incidents would be related, but I find myself at his doorstep.  There is no answer, of course, and I drive back to the main road, towards the Walmart again.  
When I see a familiar figure walking out of Walmart as I drive up to the first aisle in the parking lot, I still and pull over.  It's Greg.  I watch him walk towards a car and open the door.  Another car is beside him.  The female passenger disembarks from the driver's side and pulls a small child out of the back seat.  Greg takes the child and embraces her like his life depends on it.  This must be Shyla and Tina.  Maybe he was unable to make arrangements to see her any other time this week, I think to myself, as his reason for missing class and doing this instead.
Pulling into a parking spot, I turn off the engine and walk out of the car.  I yell out to Greg as he's getting into his car, not even thinking at that second, since he doesn't respond.  Why is Greg driving?  Better yet, what is he doing in a late model Lincoln?  I shout his name again, but he doesn't answer as he slides into the driver's side and pulls out of the spot, pealing his tires in his wake.  The young girl is tethering the child back into her safety seat when I approach.  
"Excuse me.  I'm a friend of Greg's. I have a class with him.  My name is Daniel." I say, holding my hand out.  She reluctantly sticks her hand out and shakes it.  "You must be Tina, and this must be Shyla." I say, gesturing with my chin towards the child.  She's playing with a toy and paying no attention to me whatsoever.  
Tina looks at me and shakes her head.  "I don't know what you're talking about.  Yes, I'm Tina, and this is my daughter, Shyla, but I don't know who Greg is."
A 'v' forms between my brows.  "What do you mean?" I point towards the road, in the direction that he went in.  "That's Greg.  The guy I called out to a moment ago.  He didn't answer me, of course, but-"
She interrupts.  "That's because his name isn't Greg." She's annoyed.  "And if you're smart, you'll stay the hell away from him."
I lower my arm and my voice.  "What do you mean?"
She glances at the child and slides her hand in to adjust the window, making sure that it's closed, I'm guessing so she can't overhear.  She closes the car door.  A look of concern grows on my face.  She peers around to make sure that nobody else is in earshot before speaking.
"He's a con artist. He doesn't know I know that, of course.  But I've been trying to pin him red-handed for the past year.  I don't want him near my child, and I'm almost there, but I can't build a strong enough case against him to put him away for good."
"But isn't the alcoholism enough to keep him at bay?"
"He told you he's an alcoholic?" she asks in disbelief.  "That must be his latest ploy.  A couple of months ago he was a military paraplegic.  And Lord knows what other roles he's tried to use to get into people's wallets or girls' pants.  He took me for a run, but I was too stupid to get out before it was too late."
So this must be where my money went.  My anger starts to bubble up inside my gut.  "What's his real name?"
"Sean Grimes.  He's got some kind of record, but most of his crimes have gone unpunished.  I wish I'd known his deal before getting involved with him.  Now I'm stuck.  The only leverage I have is that he adores our daughter.  He'd never do a thing that would harm her."
I read off his address and ask if that's truly where he lives.  "No.  I have no idea where that is." She names off the street where he lives.  It's the next town over.  She gives me a once-over and then gives me a 'level-with-me' kind of gaze.  "How much has he swindled from you?"
"I don't have proof, but my credit card was hacked a couple of days ago. Twenty thousand was taken, and I gave him another three thousand before that."
"Oh, I'm sure that was him.  He's getting good.  Too good.  I know he has a friend who helps him, too.  Smarmy kind of guy.  Creepy.  Lives with his parents."
"What's his name?"
"I don't know his last name, but he goes by Frank.  I don't know if that's his real name."
"When are you supposed to meet up with Sean again?"  I ask, pulling two business cards out of my wallet.  I ask her if she's got a pen and she opens the car door and presents one from her center console.  After writing my cell phone number on the back of the card, I hand it to her.
"We're not on a fixed schedule.  We met here because of Shyla's birthday.  He's not coming, of course, because my mother will kill him if he's there.  But he still wants to help."
"Well, you call me when you're meeting up with him next.  I have a feeling he's cooking something up.  A friend of mine didn't show up for class tonight, and neither did Greg."  She writes her number down and hands me the card.
"He's pretty smooth.  You sure he didn't persuade her into sleeping with him?"
"I'm certain that's not what happened.  But my gut tells me there's something wrong and his name is all over it."
"If there's trouble, he's most certainly involved." Tina says.
"Thanks."  I shake her hand again.  "And please call this number if you need me for anything as well.  If you get into any trouble with him, that is."
"Thanks.  Daniel?you said, right?"
"Yes.  It was nice meeting you."
"Nice meeting you, too."
As I walk away, my gut clenches.  I don't know what's in store next, but I'm certain it's nothing good.

Chapter 22
Kayla
As I open the door, my genuine smile when I thought it was Daniel, fades away to a pasted-on smile.  "Greg.  What are you doing here?" I ask with a nervous chuckle.  "Daniel just left."
"I was in the neighborhood and I thought I'd stop by and see how you were doing.  Shyla's babysitter lives just up the street from here."
"Oh.  Okay.  Well, I was just about to start getting ready for work." I step away from the door reluctantly, to let him in.  "Don't you have to go to work today?"
"I'm working from home today." He waves.  "I was up super early and got a ton done.  I was in to see Shyla for a bit, and I thought I'd swing by.  I hope this isn't a bad time."
"I have to go to work soon, but we can have a coffee or something.  Are you hungry?"
He takes his shoes off.  "Sure.  Thanks."
"Have a seat." I offer, gesturing towards the kitchen table.  He sits down and rests his chin on his hands while I start the coffee maker.
"I really just wanted to say thank you."
I look at him as I measure coffee into the percolator.  "Thank you for what?"
"For being so supportive, you know." He gestures with his hand.  "If it wasn't for you, I would have been fully back off the wagon.  Instead, I just had a mild relapse.  I'm over it now."
"Oh, well?that's good, Greg. I'm glad that you're stronger now.  It takes a lot to be able to give up drinking."
"Have you ever known anyone that was an alcoholic?" he asks innocently.  I look at him and his eyes are like dinner plates.  He's like a little brother.  
"No, but I have heard a couple of stories."
"Me, too.  That's what AA is all about." His face is solemn.  I almost feel like going over and giving him a hug.
"And I hear they talk about God and stuff like that, is that true?"
"Yeah.  I go to church a lot, too.  It helps."
"Well, that's good.  I go, too.  Maybe not as often as I should, but I do try."
"Maybe we can go together sometime." He offers, looking at me.  The coffee is just about done, and I'm grabbing two bagels out of the freezer.  As I place them in the microwave to thaw, the coffee is done.  
"Can I help you with anything?" he asks.
"No, I'm fine.  I'll be there in a minute.  Do you like cream cheese?"
"Sure.  Whatever you've got." He comes up behind me, and I'm about to turn around, when he grabs me by the arms from behind, and forces a rag across my mouth and nose.  I can't breathe in deeply at first, but when I do, the world goes black.

***

I awake to two voices shouting.  My head is pounding, and my hands and feet are tied together, and a rag is around my mouth, tied in the back of my head, effectively gagging me.  I'm laying sideways across the back of a leather seat, inside a car, I'm assuming, because we're moving.  There is also a rag across my eyes.  At first, the shouting is muffled as I come to, but then I recognize one voice as clear as day.  One voice is Greg's.  The other is a female, which I don't recognize at first, but then after a minute or so, I know who it is.  
The shouting stills after I lift my head.  "Good evening." Greg says.  "Don't try to talk, it's a waste of time."
I mumble 'what do you want' but of course, it's for naught.
"Just take the gag off her, Sean.  What's she going to do, scream at oncoming traffic?"
Sean?  Who the hell is Sean?
I feel a hand reach around and untie the gag.  "Who is Sean?" is the first thing I say.
"That's me, sweetie." Greg says.  "I haven't used my real name in so long I've forgotten what it is." He says with a little chuckle.
"Where are you taking me?"
"To my place.  We're almost there, but you have to promise you're not going to scream, or I'll have to knock you out.  I don't want to have to do that, okay?" he says as though he's just asked me to avoid walking into his house with my shoes on.
"And what's Brenda doing here?" I ask, motioning my head to where I think Brenda's voice is coming from.
I hear him pat her on the back.  "Brenda?  She's my partner in crime."
"And what is it you're after?"
He laughs out loud.  "Money, sweetheart.  What else?"
"Why am I here?"
Another laugh.  "Because your pretty boy boyfriend will cough up the money if he knows you're in danger.  I've siphoned what I can out of him from conventional methods."
"So you're the one that hacked his credit card." I say.
"But of course." He says as though he's taking a bow proudly.  "I recorded his number the night he ordered the pizza.  Another one of my buddies was able to hack in without a pin code and drain him?twice."
"We're here." Brenda says.  I hear a garage door open as the car enters.
"I thought you lived in a little shack.  How do you have a garage?"
"That little rat hole isn't my place.  But you'll be impressed with this." He says.
I hear the garage door close and the two of them disembark.  When the back door opens, Greg speaks again.  "Here's the plan, Kayla.  You scream, I have to hurt you.  Otherwise I'll untie your feet so you can walk inside the house on your own.  Then, we'll lay low for a while until Daniel starts getting nervous.  We'll call him and lay down the law.  Hopefully he'll cough it up quickly so this can end, and I can move on to my next plan."  He pauses.  "Capiche?"
"Yeah," I say, and I feel his hands untie my feet.
"Oh yeah.  Your cell phone is at your house, so don't think anyone is going to track you here." His tone is conversational.
The tie is removed from my feet, but the rag is still across my eyes.  "Can you at least take the thing off my eyes so I can see?  I'd hate to fall flat on my face and die?you'll lose your nest egg for sure then." I don't hide the facetious tone in my voice.
"Oooohhhh!  She's a little firecracker!" Greg squeals, impressed.  "Not to worry, honey.  Brenda and I will guide you.  I'm not taking the blindfold off unless it's absolutely necessary.  I don't want you getting any ideas in your pretty little head."
I feel a set of hands grab hold of either side of my upper arms, by my shoulders.  They guide me up a step and into a door that I'll assume leads to the inside of the house.  It smells like fake apple pie and when either of them talk, the place has a slight echo.  I'll assume the place is huge.  We walk down a long hallway to another door, and then down a flight of stairs.  I half consider purposely falling down them so I can kick one of them in the teeth, but with the blindfold on, I think it would be just me breaking my neck.
Greg instructs me to sit down on a couch, and then he ties my feet back up again.  "We'll lay low here." He says to me.  "You gotta pee or anything, just holler."
As I hear them both trot up the steps and latch the door so it locks, I try to use all my senses to their best ability so I can figure out what surrounds me.  I try rubbing my face against my shoulder to remove the blindfold, but it's too tight.  I try lifting my knees to try and pry it off with them, and that works better.  I keep working at it until a piece of my right eye is exposed.  Without my glasses, everything is a little blurry at first, but then my eye focuses better.  I work at it with both my knees and my shoulders, until I slide the thing off my eyes entirely.  Thank God for Pilates.
The room is dark except for a skylight at the back, where the moonlight shines in.  Glossy, laminated floors span across so far, Greg could probably hold a dance party in here.  Large pillars flank the room, two on each end for structure, I'll assume.  There are three doors; two on the far side behind the staircase, and one other to the left of the stairs.  With the black leather couch and two smaller sofas, this place looks very cozy.  Along one wall is a long fish tank encased inside the drywall.  It's offering a light source with its fluorescent bulb running across the length of it.  
There is a statue of some basketball player to one side of the stairs, opposite the fish tank.  On the other wall is a flat screen television.  Turning around, I can see that the back of the house is oddly shaped, in kind of a triangular way, offering a spot for a skylight.  There are no windows other than the skylight, which I'd have to get a long stepladder to reach.  Shelves line the sides of the flat screen television; three deep, with various novelty nick nacks on them.  Some of the collectibles look breakable.  
With no sharp edges visible, I can't figure out how to get the ties off my ankles and wrists.  He's used rags instead of tie wraps, so I can't try to pry them off by leveraging them on something.  I try gnawing on the edges with my teeth.  Whatever progress I make had better be fast.  If they come downstairs and see me trying to bust loose, they'll come up with better ways to subdue me I'm sure.  Upstairs is quiet.  There is no movement at all.  I try to work through the rag faster, and I finally get an end of it loose.  The material is soaked from my saliva, and it tastes like ass.  Who knows where it came from, but it's definitely not clean.
When I finally get the rag off my hands, I hear movement upstairs, and I freeze.  I place the blindfold back on loosely, and I place the rag over my hands so it looks like it's still holding.  The door at the top of the stairs opens, and I hear footsteps come down.  "Haven't moved a muscle.  Good girl." Greg says and leaves.  I hear the lock latch again and get to work trying to get the rag off my ankles.  With both hands free, that is accomplished in moments.  Walking around, I try to find something?what, I don't know.  I find a collectible that looks like it could do some damage to that fish tank with a healthy throw at it, and I put it in my pocket.  
Trying the first door, I open it and it's unlocked.  Inside is a typical laundry room.  Nothing special.  I exit quietly, closing the door behind me, and try the next door.  Inside is a bunch of junk; black, plastic garbage bags line one wall, while piles of old chairs, books, furniture and old sports equipment lay scattered on the floor.  There is a divider wall leading to the other room, as though someone once decided to turn it into something else, but then lost the nerve and left it as a half wall.  Nothing unusual in there, except that I see a wall-mounted phone when I stand on my tip toes.  
Scurrying, I close the door and try the last door.  Dammit!  It's locked.  I open the second door and try to find my way to the wall among all the crap.  I may be able to climb over it with one of the chairs, but I'll have to lift a whole bunch of stuff to get to it, without making a sound.  What a guy won't do to get someone else to clean his messy basement.  Goodwill would have a field day in here.  Suddenly, I hear voices upstairs. I run back to the couch and assemble myself, so it looks like I haven't been plotting my escape.  
Greg appears at the top of the stairs and makes his way down.  "You're not getting into any trouble down here, are you?"
"I'm bound, Greg.  It would be virtually impossible." 
He takes a step towards me.  "Man, it's really too bad that you didn't show more interest in me.  I might have chosen a different victim."
"Hindsight is twenty-twenty." I comment.
He slides a hand down my cheek.  "It's not too late."
I resist the urge to turn my head away from him, because I don't want him to figure out that the blindfold is loose.  The room is still dark, so he can't see it clearly.  "You really expect me to be interested in you after kidnapping me?"
"True." He sniffs.  "Hell, you win some, you lose some.  I really hope you're worth the trouble.  And I really hope Daniel thinks so, too."
I scoff.  "I'm sure you'll find out soon enough."
"You're right, sweetheart.  In just a couple of hours, I'll make my move." He pauses. 
Greg is as lank as a one hundred pound weakling.  I want so badly to just kick him in the groin and watch him drop like a bag of rocks.  But I can't see how close he is to judge my shooting distance.  Lifting my legs, I pull the blindfold off with my hand and kick him with both feet, until he falls to the floor, hitting his head in the process.
"Fuck!  Brenda!" he screams like a girl.  I run like hell to the unlocked door and pummel through, finding the nearest chair.  Brenda's footsteps are coming down the stairs fast.  She's older but bigger than Greg, so I'm not sure what kind of strength she has.  After years of helping my mom in and out of her wheelchair and her bed, I'm sure I have better upper body strength than she does.  The chair gives me just enough height to climb over the wall, but I drop to the floor on the other side, hitting my back.  I manage to recover just as Brenda arrives at the door.
She sees me in the room and goes for the locked door.  "Shit, the door's locked, Greg!  She's in there!"
"I've got the key here." He calls back.  I've got moments before they're in here.  When I reach the land line, I pick up the phone.  God?dammit!!...it's dead.
"Are you trying to call the cops, Kayla?  Good luck.  That line hasn't worked since I moved in.  Now come on out of there." Greg orders from the other side of the wall.  "I've got the key, so you're wasting your time."  then he addresses Brenda.  "Go get the tie wraps.  She got out of the rags."  He addresses me again.  "I had no idea you'd figure it out that fast, Kayla." He shakes his head with what?  Annoyance? Frustration?  Pain?  
There is a baseball bat leaning on one of the walls.  I grab it.  When the door opens, I hold it high.  "Come any closer and I'll knock you out with this." I warn Greg.
"Aw, come on.  I don't want to hurt you, Kayla.  But I will if I have to." He says fairly.  "I've got a gun and a knife upstairs.  I'll use whatever I need to use."
"Yeah, well I've got a bat.  I'll use it if I have to." I spit back.
He sighs, exasperated.  "Brenda, looks like we're going to need reinforcements."
Brenda comes down the stairs, holding various black tie wraps?and a hand gun.  "I figured as much." She hands Greg the gun.  He takes the safety off and points it at me.  
"Alright, Kayla.  Your choice.  You can put the bat down and come on over here, or I'll have to shoot you.  Now, I won't shoot you anywhere that'll kill you, but I'll have to do some damage.  Like shoot your leg or your arm."
"You couldn't shoot that if your life depended on it." I guffaw, feeling brave.  I want to hit him so bad my arms are shaking.  
"I've done a little target practice." He admits.
"Where?  In your backyard?  On a video game?  You aren't the type, Greg.  Give it up and let me go.  You've already got a ton of money out of Daniel.  Leave us alone."
He shakes his head.  "No can do, sweetheart.  I'm going to give you to the count of five to put the bat down and come out of there, or I'm going to have to shoot."
"Not if I hit you first." I grunt as I take a swing at him, being careful to hit him in the arm that's pointing the gun.  As the bat makes contact, the gun drops to the floor without going off.  I bring the bat up and try to hit him in the head, but he dodges it and I miss, getting the floor instead.  
Brenda grabs me from behind, and with surprising strength, manages to pull my arms back enough that it hurts.  I'm pinned for a moment, until I kick her from behind.  When I'm free, I try to run for the stairs, but both of them grab me and bring me back to the couch.  Brenda kicks me in the stomach when I'm on the floor, knocking the wind out of me.  They tie me up again, blindfold me, and she gives me another kick, before they leave me again, this time for hours.

Chapter 23
Daniel
As I drive back to Kayla's house, the fear in me has shot from zero to ten.  This Greg/Sean guy is bad news.  Hoping that Kayla just stepped out, I reach her house and knock on the door again.  There is no answer.  On a whim, I try the door.  Surprisingly, it's open.  As I walk in, I call her name repeatedly.  Nobody answers.  Her car is in the driveway, and strangely, her phone is sitting on the kitchen counter.  Her purse has been emptied out on the countertop, and her wallet is open, all over the place.  Taking a quick stock, I see that there are no bank or credit cards here.  
There are two mugs filled with cold coffee on the counter, and two stale bagels on plates.  There is warm cream cheese sitting out on the counter.  I don't even try to open her phone; I know I won't be able to access it to try and call Heather or Nana Mary from her contacts.  There is a knock at the door, and I take a step towards it.  As I open it, I see a befuddled looking Nana Mary on the other side.
"Mary, oh, thank God you're here."
"What's happened to Kayla?  I've been trying to call her all day." The concern in her voice is palpable.
"I know.  Me too.  I rushed over when she didn't show up for class, and her door was left unlocked, her purse is all pulled apart, her bank and credit cards are missing."
"You have any idea what happened to her?" 
"I don't know for sure, but, one of our classmates I've just discovered is rather corrupt.  He's a con artist.  He swindled me out of a bundle of money."
Her hands cover her mouth and nose.  "You think he has her?" Nana Mary asks, but the question is rhetorical.
"If he doesn't, he definitely has something to do with this."
"I think we better call the police right away."
Just as Mary says this, my phone rings.  "It's him.  The guy I was telling you about."
I answer the phone and keep the device far enough from my ear that Mary can hear the conversation.  "Daniel here." Mary motions to me that she's going to call the police from her phone, in the other room.
"Daniel, buddy." Greg chuckles as if we're best friends.  "How's it hangin'?"
"Greg.  Where's Kayla." I cut to the chase.
"Whoaaa?you catch on fast." He sniffs. "She's somewhere safe, not to worry.  Listen, I've got a swift code number to a bank account.  I want you to wire me two million dollars in the next two hours, and I'll make sure that Kayla ends up straight back in your bed."
"You think it's that simple, do you.  How do I know you'll bring Kayla back safe?  I can't trust you as far as I can throw you." Believe me, given the chance, I'd break this guy's neck and then throw him into the Niagara River.
"I'll bring her back.  This isn't about her."
"Like hell it isn't."
"Buddy, at the end of the day, it's just about the money.  I mean, Kayla's got a tight ass and great tits, but I can get me some tail where I'm going, once I get the money."
"How do I know you have Kayla?"
There is a pause.  "Daniel?" a tired-sounding voice comes on the line.  My gut clenches, my heart wrenches.
"Kayla?  Are you okay?  Has he hurt you?"
My fist balls up at my side.  
"Daniel.  Get me out of here." She grunts before there is another pause.
"There?  See?  I told you I have her."
"You son of a bitch. I'll kill you." I seethe.  I see Nana Mary approach.  She finds a note pad in a basket on top of the microwave, and scrawls on it for me to keep him talking.  I nod.  "You're not getting a dime out of me if a hair on her head is hurt."
"I think she's got a few busted ribs, man, but that was her fault.  She's a pistol.  Oh, speaking of pistols?yeah, I have a gun, and I'm not afraid to use it."
"Like hell you will.  You're nothing but a two-bit con artist who has moved to kidnapping.  You don't have a clue what you're doing other than what you've learned from cheesy movies.  I bet you don't even know how to shoot straight." I write my phone number down on the same note pad and write that I'm going to find her.  "When I find you, I'm going to kill you, Greg.  So you better keep a good eye on Kayla, because if you've touched her or hurt her in any way, I'll nail your balls to the wall."  I say with so much conviction that a trail of spittle shoots from my mouth.
"Listen, buddy, I've had enough of the trash talk for one day." Greg guffaws.  "You got a pen?  I'll give you this code so you can get me the money and I can be on my way.  I'll drop Kayla somewhere and tell you after I get the money.  Capiche?"
My foot is on the pedal when I switch to Bluetooth, driving the gas pedal down to the floor.  "I'm not giving you a fucking penny, asshole." I say with my teeth ground together.  My anger is boiling over.  I can't believe what this guy is trying to get away with.  He'll never get as far as his front doorstep before I kill him.  Suddenly an idea springs to mind.  "I know your story, man.  You're never going to get away with this."
Silence.
"Yeah, I met Shyla and Tina today.  Seems Tina's not as dumb as you think she is.  I tell her you've kidnapped Kayla and you can kiss Shyla goodbye for good, asshole."
"You're lying." Greg laughs.  "You didn't meet them."
"You were at Walmart today." I name off the location.  "I saw you there with Tina and Shyla.  You're driving some cheesy-ass black Lincoln that only a Grampa would drive."
Silence.
"I've got Tina's number, man.  Shall I dial?"
"I'll fucking kill you, Daniel."
"Not if I kill you first, dickwad." I pause, and turn onto the highway, heading to the town where, according to Tina, Greg lives.  "The cops have already been called, Greg.  The jig is up.  You better have my girl waiting at the door, unharmed, or my fist is going to be in your fucking skull."
My other line beeps.  It's the police.  "Time's up, Sean Grimes.  Your ass is mine."
He guffaws, pissing me off.  "My name isn't even Sean.  Good luck finding me."
"The cops are on the other line, man."  Go ahead, asshole, hit me with another cocky comeback.
"You answer it and she's dead."
"How about I three-way call?" I tease.
"You do and I pull the trigger."
"The only thing you know how to load is your fucking shorts, man.  It'll take me five minutes to figure out where the little pasty guy driving Grampa's black Lincoln lives by banging on a few doors.  Tina told me what part of town you're in."
"You don't have that kind of time." I detect a quiver in his voice.  I'm getting under his skin.
"I'm already here, man.  Tick tock." I lie a little.  I'm still about five minutes out from the highway.
"Alright?one million." He says as though I'm wearing him down.
I laugh.  "Do you really think I have that kind of money?"  I do, but I'm not telling him that.  "You should fire your bookie, Greg.  I don't have anywhere close to that kind of money.  I don't know what your friend Frank has been telling you, but you're way off."
The line beeps again.  I ignore it.  
"Nice try, Daniel.  He tapped into your bank account months ago.  I saw it myself.  Why do you think I got into the course?  So I could nail your ass."
"A few less zeros, my friend.  Tell Frank to get his eyes checked." 
"You're lying.  Nobody has twenty grand in their bank account unless they're loaded."
My voice raises an octave.  "Are you really this stupid?  You withdrew twenty grand from my credit card.  Not from my account.  I don't even have twenty grand, buddy.  Fact, you did me a favor.  Once the claim goes through, I'll be buying myself a new car." I totally lie, but it's fun pissing him off.  I hear sirens behind me, and four police cruisers whiz by.  "Well, lookie here?cops are onto you, Greg.  You better take off now while you have the chance."
I hear scrambling and the line goes dead, as I slam on the gas and follow the cruisers.  No idea if they're headed to Greg's house or not, but I'm not taking any chances.  As I pull up to the house I'll assume is Greg's, I see that the house is surrounded.  Two other cruisers have blocked off the street and I exit the car.  An officer approaches me.  "Son, you can't be here."
I explain who I am.  "I've been talking to the suspect on the phone up until about ten seconds ago.  Kayla is alive but I think she's hurt."
"Medics are on the way."
The officer walks away, not before asking me to stay put and away from the scene.  My stomach is roiling.  I want to get in there and make sure she's okay.  Who knows what he's done to her.  I see a female running from the side of the house and I run to her, only I realize it isn't Kayla?it's?Brenda?  Cops try to run for her, but I'm ahead of them, since their eyes are trained on the front door.
"Brenda," I say, grabbing her.  "What the hell are you doing?"
"It was all Sean's idea.  He just paid me to stick around and help him."
"Where's Kayla?" I demand, tightening my grip on her arm.  I hear police shouting from behind me, getting closer to us.
"She's in the basement." She answers breathlessly.  Two cops surround Brenda, grabbing her arms.
"They've got Kayla in the basement." I say, running towards the house.  More sirens are sounding from the ambulances arriving at the scene.  When I reach the front door, the police have Greg face down on the floor, reading him his rights.  Doing a quick scan, I find a door with a latch at the top and unhinge the lock, turning on the light.  I see my girl laying face down on the floor.  Almost falling down the stairs, I climb down them, two at a time, to get to her.  Her belly is bloated, indicating internal bleeding.  I check her pulse.  It's weak but evident.  
"We need a medic down here!  Now!"  I scream at the top of my lungs. As I remove the rags from her mouth, hands and feet, I see that bruising is obvious on her belly, indicating that she's been kicked several times.  "Kayla, baby, I'm going to get you some help." I whisper breathlessly to her.  She's breathing but unconscious.  Who knows how long they've left her down here for, injured, bound and gagged.  Those sons of bitches are going to pay for this.  The paramedics pummel down the stairs with a gurney, and I explain to them what I've found, and that I'm in medical school.
They take her on the gurney up the steps using a practiced technique, and I follow them to the ambulance.  I watch them shove Greg into the back of the police cruiser and I give him a wave with a 'have fun in hell' expression.  He doesn't respond.  He just looks at the floor.  It will give me no greater satisfaction calling Tina, letting her know that she'll never have to worry about Greg being in the same room as Shyla for a very long time.
Nana Mary meets me at the hospital, and we sit and wait while Kayla is in surgery to repair the tear in her abdomen from her broken rib.  Luckily, they find no other tears, but it will be a long haul healing her ribs and the sutures.  Mary and I divide up the calls while we wait for the doctor to let us in to see Kayla.  Heather is still too sick to come to the hospital, as well as the other girls.  My next call is to Tina, and she thanks me profusely for letting her know.
An hour later, the doctor says that we can see Kayla.  Still asleep, Kayla lays in the bed, nestled tightly under the covers, like a burrito.  Despite what she's been through, she's still incredibly beautiful.  Her hair is a little disheveled, but one would never know that she's been kicked, beaten and probably dragged through God only knows what.  I should have kicked Greg in the ribs, too, but I couldn't do anything with all the cops around.  
Mary looks exhausted.  It's going on two o'clock in the morning.  Being that I'm used to the witching hour, I suggest that she goes home and gets some rest, that I'll stay with Kayla.  "I work here, so they'll bend the rules." I say to her.
"You're a dear, darling.  It's no wonder my Margaret loved you so much." 
I give her a warm smile and kiss her cheek before she leaves.  Grabbing the guest chair, I slide it over to Kayla's bedside and take a seat.  Sighing, I skate my thumb down her cheek as she sleeps.  "God, I don't know what I would do if anything happened to you." I whisper.  "I love you more than I ever thought possible." I kiss her cheek and take her hand in mine, stroking her palm with my thumb.  That is where I stay until I feel a warm hand grasp the back of my neck.

Chapter 24
Kayla
It feels like I've been thrown down a flight of stairs and kicked in the gut half a dozen times.  My head pounds and my mouth tastes like someone's socks are sitting in it.  I want to vomit, but I'm terrified that it'll hurt like hell.  Even to turn my head it hurts.  But when I do, it's so worth it.  Daniel's head is resting beside my thigh.  He's sound asleep, holding my hand in his.  I'm in a hospital room, semi-private, yet there are no other patients here.  The window above the bed opposite mine is allowing daylight to come in, demonstrating that it's morning.
My hand finds the back of his neck, and I caress it.  His hair is so soft I want to play in it.  Slowly, he lifts his head, and opens his eyes.  He's so cute in his half-asleep state.  "Hey, sleepyhead," he says, groggily.
"Hey yourself," my voice sounds worse than his.
"How are you feeling?" he asks, kissing my hand.
"You don't want to know."
"I do, actually.  Do you need pain meds?"
Oh yeah, he's a doctor in training?I seem to forget that a lot.
"Unless it's supposed to feel like someone is pounding the crap out of my stomach." I'm flippant.
"Sit tight," he says, kissing my hand again, "I'll go get the doctor."
Two minutes later, Daniel returns, carrying an IV bag.  He rests it on the bed while he washes his hands in the sink beside me, and stuffs his hands into a set of latex gloves from a box under the sink.  He attaches the IV bag to the IV pole next to my bed, and in practiced motions, sets it up so the intravenous drip is injecting the pain medication into the tube.  "Wow, you really are going to be a doctor." 
He smiles slightly, without eye contact, flicking the small plastic tube that leads to a little reservoir, which is dripping fluid into the bottom part of the tube.  When he's satisfied, he says, "There.  That should start working any time."  He removes the right glove, and places his whole hand, palm-down on my forehead and presses gently.  The gentle contact feels great. The way he exhales when he removes his hand from my forehead is endearing.  "No fever.  That's good." He drapes a loose tendril of hair over my ear and kisses in the spot where his hand was a moment ago.  
There is a U-shaped curtain on a track above the bed.  It's pulled away, tucked off to the side.  Daniel pulls it over for privacy.  Lowering the white sheet from my body, he slowly peels the paper draping off, inspecting the bandages underneath, exposing me.  The bandage runs from the center of my ribcage to my navel; about six inches, and about three inches wide.  His focus is solely on the spot where I was opened up.  He's definitely got his doctor's hat on.  Reaching over, he touches the tape portion of the bandage with his left index fingertip, and inspects the skin around it.  I can't take my eyes off him.  His eyes scan my body with such care and concern, but also with professionalism.  When he's satisfied, he lets out that same sexy sigh through his nose, and settles the draping back over me.  "The bandage will have to stay on for a couple of days.  It doesn't look too tight.  Is it comfortable?" 
I nod.  "It's fine."
He tucks the white sheet back around me and pulls the curtain back, opening the bed area up to the rest of the room again.  "I got you this room so you wouldn't have to bunk in with the rest of the recovery clan."
"Thanks.  I never liked roommates."
He smiles, removing the other glove and tossing both gloves into the waste basket under the sink.  He takes a seat beside me again and looks at me with a warm expression.  His doctor's hat is off as he leans over and kisses my lips.  "Faker." He teases, making me smile.
"Don't make me laugh." I snuffle, placing a hand over the spot where Daniel was just inspecting a moment ago.
"Alright, you win." He leans in and kisses my lips again, this time letting it linger.  
"Behave." I whisper.  "I'm sure none of that is allowed for a number of weeks."
"Three broken ribs and internal bleeding.  Yeah, six weeks minimum until you're allowed to ride this stallion again." He jokes.  "You're lucky you didn't puncture a lung.  You could have died."
"I lived."
"Yeah, well, Greg wouldn't have lived if I got a hold of him."
"What's going to happen to him?"
Daniel draws in a deep breath and speaks as he exhales.  "I don't know for certain.  He won't see the light of day for a long time.  Neither will Brenda.  Kidnapping is a felony.  He'll never be able to see his kid again unless it's behind plate glass, until she's of legal age, that is.  If the courts try him on attempted murder, due to your injuries, he's going to be put away for a long time."
"And what about your money?"
"I'll get it back." He leans in and kisses me again.  "I thought about something."
"Yeah?"
"You said your mom started having health problems after suffering from Anaphylaxis, right?"
"Pretty much, yes.  But the real problems started after my father left."
"I'm thinking about donating all the recovered money to the AAFA for research.  Kind of a way to give back, you know.  I've never done anything like that before."
I smile, falling in love with him all over again. "I think that's a great idea."
"Good.  I like getting your seal of approval on things."
"Well, buckle up, mister.  It's hard to say no to you."
He chuckles in his sexy way and kisses me again, resting his chin on his hand, leaning on the bed, speaking in a murmur.  "You'll need someone to look after you when you get released.  No arguments, I'm doing it."
"But what about school and work, Daniel?  You've already missed two days on account of me."
"You let me worry about that.  For the first couple of days, you're going to need someone around. Maybe after that Heather and I can tag team or something.  But internal bleeding is nothing to mess around with, babe.  It's very serious."
"Fine.  I've always been a fast healer.  You'll be outta there faster than you know."
He leans in again and speaks low and sexy.  "You're not getting rid of me that easily."
The next day I'm released from hospital.  Daniel wheels me into his car via wheelchair and all but carries me into the vehicle.  When we arrive at my place, it's as clean as a whistle, and stocked with plenty of food.  "Nana Mary had a field day in here, just so you know." Daniel says.  Nana came to visit a couple of times, but I know she was busy doing other things, and now I know what those other things were.  
"It smells great in here.  What did she do?  Bake a pie?"
"A cake, I think.  Heather got a hold of that recipe for the Keto cake from what I understand."
"Oh, man. I was hoping for the real thing." I whine, good-naturedly as Daniel bends down and takes my shoes off.  
He ignores my complaining.  "How much would you kill for a bath?"
I play along.  "I'll pay you." 
"You can only sit in the bath and get your bum wet.  You can't get the bandages wet.  We'll wash your hair with the shower head and deal with the rest accordingly." He lifts a hand.  "Don't worry, I'm a professional."
I lift a brow.  "I thought only nurses gave sponge baths." 
"I did some nursing in Afghanistan, babe.  I've got this."
Daniel is so practiced, I felt like I was at a spa.  After taking a bath, I felt like a million bucks.  He gives me my pain medication and lays behind me in bed, being careful to keep his hands on my sides, not across my belly.  "How are your ribs?  I know busted ribs can be one of the most painful things in the world."
"Sore.  But thanks to my world-class live-in doctor, I haven't had to lift a finger."
"Get used to it.  You're not lifting anything if I can help it." he kisses my head.  "Will you sleep better with me here or if I give you some space?"
I snuggle into him with my butt.  "I sleep better with you here."
"Okay.  Get some rest.  I'm not moving."
Two hours later I wake up and try to stretch, forgetting about my ribs.  Hissing in pain, I feel Daniel push my legs back up, knowing I won't have the strength.  "Easy, baby.  It's okay.  Just relax.  I've got it." he whispers.  
I find my voice after a minute.  "Jesus fuck that hurt."
He rubs my back.  "I know, babe." Then he pauses.  "That must have hurt." A chuckle.  "I think that's the first time I ever heard an 'f' bomb come out of you."
"Don't tell Nana Mary."
"Your secret's safe with me." he kisses my shoulder.  "Aside from the?blinding pain?how are you feeling?" his tone is half flippant, half serious.
"Okay.  I need to pee though."
"I'll help you up."
After I relieve myself, we have a nice dinner together, and Daniel's phone rings.  "It's my sister.  I've got to take this."
With a mouth crammed full of ice cream, I motion to him to go ahead.  He picks up the call.  "Hey, it's my favorite sister.  How's it goin' over there?  Fried yet?"
He giggles and nods, and then listens to her speaking.  "Oh, so when do you fly in?"  a pause.  "Yeah, who are we kidding?Christopher can barely handle getting out of bed, you don't honestly think that he can handle that and picking you up, do you?"
"Okay.  Cool.  I'll see you then." He hangs up and looks at me.  "My sister is coming home in a few weeks."
"Nice.  For how long?"
"She didn't say.  My other two brothers are due home shortly thereafter, too, but that's only temporary."
I tread carefully.  "Cool.  Do I get to meet them all?" 
We're sitting on the couch, side by side.  I'm leaning into him with my back, and his arm is resting across my arm.  He kisses my head.  "Sure.  You want to meet them all at once, or one-by-one?"
"Why?" I giggle.
"Well, we usually have a big dinner when we're all together at the same time.  I didn't know if you were into that or not."
"I'm not the shy type, Daniel.  You should know that by now."
"True."
I make him go to work the next day, insisting that I'm okay to be alone for the day.  He speaks to Heather himself and determines that she's still not over the flu bug enough to take care of me.  She's still got a cough, and I can't argue with him that a cough with three broken ribs will not be pretty.  He kisses me half a dozen times before he finally agrees to leave.  "And you're going to class tonight, too.  Who else is going to take notes and get me caught up."
"Fine.  I have to stop off at home and grab more clothes anyway.  You need anything while I'm gone?"
I pucker up after saying.  "Just you."
He kisses me tenderly, gently embracing me, speaking to me in a soft, sexy murmur.  "It's going to be a long six weeks with comments like that."
"Just think about how explosive it'll be." I goad.
"You're killing me." 
I kiss his nose.  "Go, or you'll be late."
"Call me if you need me."
"I will."
"I love you."
"I love you, too."
I'll never get tired of hearing him say that.  

Chapter 25
Daniel
After taking Kayla to the surgeon three weeks later, she's given the okay to go back to work, and resume normal activities, less any lifting.  Her stitches have healed nicely, and her ribs are nicely on the mend.  The visible bruising is gone, but she's still tender and sore, since her ribs are not completely healed yet.  The bandage around her ribs is about as comfortable as it sounds, but she has to keep it on for another week or two.  As we drive to the airport to pick up my sister Mallorie, for some reason, I'm nervous.
"I told you I heal fast." Kayla points out proudly.
"Easy, killer. You're still on the 'no lifting' list for a couple of weeks."
Her hand finds my thigh.  "Can I do other things?"
I look at her and stare at her lips but smile.  "Not yet.  Believe me, you'll regret it.  Exertion will hurt, trust me."
"What if you do all the work?" she teases.
I test her.  "I tell you what.  Run around the block once and tell me how you feel." 
She removes her hand. "Point taken."
I take it back and envelop her hand with mine.  "That doesn't mean you can't touch me, babe."
She smiles at me, but then her smile slips a notch.  "Your hand is sweaty.  Are you okay?"
"I'm a little nervous.  It's been a while since I've introduced a girlfriend to my sister.  It's kind of like throwing a cat in with a wolf.  She's a bit of a tough one."
"She didn't like your last girlfriend?"
I look at her pointedly.  "Hated her from day one."
"Yeah?but look how that turned out.  Maybe your sister's got a sixth sense."
"Maybe.  But she's coming home kind of out of the blue, which worries me.  She sounded weird on the phone."
"Has she spoken with anyone else in the family?"
"That's the other weird thing.  No.  Just my mom knows she's coming home."
"Did she get hurt?"
"No, not to my knowledge.  And we would have heard from her Battalion if that were the case, not directly from her at first."
She drags her thumb across the inside of my palm.  "I wouldn't worry about it too much, Daniel.  For all you know she's just missing her man."
"True.  But she wouldn't be able to come home unless her mission was complete if that were the case.  I sure as hell hope she isn't sick.  That's the last thing this family needs."
"Well, did she allude to anything at all on the phone?"
I shake my head.  "No.  Nothing."
I'm holding Kayla's hand when I see Mallorie come down the escalator in her camouflage outfit.  I'll never get used to seeing my older sister dressed like that.  I'm so proud of her.  Best part is, she's proud of me, too.  I start walking towards her when her foot is on the last step of the escalator.  She's carrying a backpack in front of her, her short brown hair is under a camouflage hat.  Mallorie looks like a female version of Christopher, only way prettier.  Her hair is curly like his, and she's very tall, almost as tall as me.  
Lowering her bag, she embraces me.  Kayla is just behind me, and as I give Mallorie a quick hug, I'm about to introduce Kayla, when I notice something different about my sister.  There is something akin to a beach ball under her suit.  "What the?" I step back and look at her belly.  "You're not?"
"Yes." She purses her lips together, giving me a look that says that it's taken her some time to get used to it too.
"But you and Mark?"
"Broke up." She says with finality.
"But you're?."
"Yes."
"Then who is the?"
"Not important.  You don't know him." she waves me off and looks at Kayla.  If there was a hole in the ground, I think Kayla would jump in, broken ribs or not.  "I'm Mallorie, and you are?" she holds out her hand for Kayla to shake.
"K?Kayla." She stammers.  Mallorie shakes her hand and gives her a perfunctory smile and then addresses me again.
"So now you understand why I'm home, and why nobody else knows about it except mom."
"Yeah."
"Okay.  The baby is due in eight weeks, and I have a lot of work to do in that time."
"Does mom know that you're pregnant?"
"Yes.  But dad doesn't, and I have no idea how to tell him.  I'm thinking I'll just show up in a maternity outfit and let them all figure it out."
I'm flippant.  "Yeah, ask me how that felt.  I'm sure that's just what dad needs?another stroke."
She gives me a look.  "You have another brilliant plan?"
"About as brilliant as you getting pregnant." I spit back, picking her bag up off the glossy floor, grunting as I lift it.
"Hardy har." Mallorie says, unamused.  "I'll need a place to stay." She looks at me as if I'll fill in the blanks.
"Christopher's staying with me for now.  He'll find out the moment you set foot in the door." I chuckle mirthlessly.  "But I suppose you didn't think of that, either.  I suppose you staying with Mark wouldn't work."
"Don't be a dolt, stupid." She says, shoving me with her hand.  "He doesn't know I'm back and he especially doesn't know that I'm pregnant."
We walk towards the baggage area.  "So what happened with you guys, anyway.  I thought you were going to get married."
"I thought so, too, until my bestie caught him cheating on me."
"Handy." I clear my throat.  "So what did you do?  Go and have revenge sex?"
"Not exactly." She says, watching the bags start coming down the line.  "It was a drunken one-night stand, which is exactly why I didn't want anyone to find out about it.  Then when I found out I was pregnant, it threw that idea out the window." She looks at Kayla. "I'd never done casual sex before?and now I know why."
Kayla lifts her brows. "I hear ya."
Mallorie addresses me, changing the subject.  "Hey, why is Christopher living with you still?"
"Delays with his house." I answer, my voice is flat.
"How's dad?"
"He's good." I pause.  "Try not to do anything to ruin that."
She places a hand on my back as she recognizes her bag approaching.  "I promise you I'll use discretion."
"I say you should treat it like a Band Aid.  Let's just go to mom and dad's right now and let the cat out of the bag.  I'll get Christopher to meet us.  Between me and Christopher, there will be enough medics there." I shrug.  She's picking up on my outrageous idea, and the fact that I'm only half joking.
"Funny.  Hey, where did you get this sense of humor?"  she picks up her bag and I take it from her.  "You didn't have that when I left."
I ignore her and address Kayla.  "You up for meeting the Lynch clan?" I take her hand in the one that isn't holding Mallorie's bag, and I give her a quick kiss on the lips before she answers yes.
"You two are cute." Mallorie comments.
I lift a brow.  "Hormones suit you, big sister."
"You wait and see." She guffaws.  "That's half the reason why my Battalion sent me home.  No weapons needed.  I'd beat the hell out of anyone who crossed paths with me.  Besides, combat is no place for a pregnant woman, even though I'd rather give birth there than deal with the family."
"So what's the plan?  Are you keeping the baby or giving it up? I'll assume the father has nothing to do with you?  Does he even know about it?"
She stops dead in her tracks, lifting a defensive hand.  "Now hold on a second here.  Give me some credit, Daniel.  Yes, I told the father about the baby, and no, he doesn't want anything to do with it.  He said he did but he's been fazing himself out of my life for the last seven months.  Yes, I plan to keep the child.  Mother would have my ass mounted on the wall if I gave it up.  You know how much she wants grandchildren, and this will be the first."
"Hang on?is this?our mother you're speaking of?" 
Mallorie rolls her eyes.  "Yes, Daniel.  Mom wants grandchildren.  Dad, too.  They just never act that way in front of the Lynch boys.  God forbid."
"Oh," I say with my neck craned back slightly.
"Anyway, I suppose you're right.  Dad will be equally upset if he finds out I've been home and didn't make an appearance.  It's now or never." She sighs.
"I'll text Christopher and have him meet us at mom and dad's." I say.
A half hour later, we're at my parent's place.  Christopher's car is already in the driveway.  "Ready to pull the Band Aid off?" I grunt as I exit the car.
"As ready as I'll ever be." Mallorie answers.  
I take her bag in one hand, and Kayla's hand in the other as we walk up to the door.  Kayla looks pale, but when I ask her if she's okay, she nods convincingly.  I suppose I'm not the only one who's nervous.  I kiss her twice on the lips before we enter the house.  Christopher answers the door.  Thankfully he's cut his hair?finally.  He looks about ten years younger with it short.  There also isn't such a striking resemblance between him and Mallorie with it shorter.  He looks at Mallorie.  "Holy shit, sis!  What the hell are you doing home?"
I hear dad's voice coming from the living room.  "Mallorie?"
I know he's going to try to get up by himself, so I release Kayla's hand and trot over to him. 
"Yeah, dad.  Mallorie's home.  It's a surprise."  It's not the only surprise.
Helping him up, I hear Christopher noticing said surprise.  "Whooaaa!!!  What happened here?"
"Long story." Mallorie answers.
Mom approaches from the kitchen and gives Mallorie a hug.  "Nice to have you back, sweetheart." She says warmly.
"I'll bet." Christopher scoffs.
Dad sees Mallorie's belly right away.  "She pregnant?" he asks under his breath.  A twinge of excitement dances in his eyes, surprising me.
"Yeah, dad.  I just found out at the airport."  I say honestly.
I expect him to be standoffish with her, but he walks over and gives her a warm embrace.  "Oh, love, it's so nice to see you." He starts to tear up.  Dad never does that with her.  It's half worrying and half endearing.  
"Well, I knew." Mom admits, clasping her hands together.  "It's been killing me not telling your father."
"Sorry, mom." Mallorie says, giving her another hug.
"So how did Mark take the news?" Christopher asks.
Uh?.oh.
The expression on her face tells me that Mallorie was ready for this.  "He doesn't know.  Mark and I split up."
Dad's face falls.  "What happened?"
"He cheated on me, dad.  I didn't want to tell you."
"So, who is the father?" Dad asks.
Mom wraps her arm around Dad's shoulders.  "It doesn't matter, dear.  Mallorie doesn't want to talk about that right now."
"No, it's okay, mom." Mallorie says.  "He's a guy I met in combat.  He knows about the baby but he's not ready to be a father yet.  I'm okay with it." 
Dad smiles. "Out of all my kids, you've always been the toughest one."
"We're having our first grandchild, dear." Mom pats dad on the back and then gives it a rub. It's the first gesture of affection I've seen between them in a while.  Maybe having a little one around here will be good for them. 
Mallorie changes the subject. "Well, aren't you going to introduce Kayla?" She says, turning to me. My face turns five shades of red. Kayla smiles and sticks her hand out to mom first, and then to dad. She's a natural. It's nice that she doesn't attach a title to herself, even though I'm madly in love with her and would proudly call her my girlfriend. 
Dad warms to her immediately, giving her a quick hug. She reciprocates and Christopher tries to get in there, but I shove him aside. "You've already met." I warn.
We have a nice dinner, and my other brother calls from Afghanistan, so we put him on speaker and chat at the dinner table. Sitting next to Kayla, my hand is in hers. We're taking turns stroking the insides of each other's palms in such a rhythmic motion. I love it that she's so affectionate.  I notice that when someone speaks to her, if she's in reaching distance, she finds a way to place her hand on their arm or back. Not so great for my horny little brother. A couple of times I've wanted to punch him for trying to cop a feel. 
As we drive back to my house, I find myself kissing Kayla at every stoplight. "You keep kissing me and you're going to end up doing a lot more, mister." She murmurs against my lips. 
I chuckle softly while we're nose-to-nose. "I can't help it."
"I'm not complaining."
The light changes and I start driving again. "My sister likes you."
"I like her too." Kayla gives my hand a squeeze. "She's got her work cut out for her."
"Yeah," I sigh, "never thought I'd see the day that would happen to her."
"You hoped for better for her." She states. 
"She deserves better than this. Damn Mark. I should go kill him a little. If he hadn't screwed around on her she wouldn't be in this predicament."
"That's only half true, babe." She strokes my hand. "It was her choice to get into bed with this other guy. Two wrongs don't make a right."
"Yeah?you're right." I pause. "At least my parents are happy for her and not pulling the whole wholesome Carlton card family thing."
"You would be surprised how people change once there's been illness in the family. Gives a whole new perspective."
I pull her hand to my lips. "You're so wise, baby."
We pull up to my house and walk in. Kayla's arms snake around my neck as soon as our shoes are off. Her lips are on mine and I revel in her touch. 
"I feel like going for a run after today." She says after our lips part. I give her a look and then clue in on what she's alluding to. 
"You're making it very hard to say no." I whisper against her lips. 
"You say hard again and I'm yours."
I wrestle with my conscience and the need growing below my belt. "I don't want to hurt you, babe. I think it's still too soon. You only took your bandages off last week."
"But I feel fine." She argues, and then pulls me close, lowering her voice to a sultry level. "More than fine."  She smells so good and her breasts feel so soft and plump against my chest. I'm dying to rip her clothes off and sink myself into her. Her hand slides down my belly but I gently stop it before it goes further.
I give her a warm smile. "Tell you what. We'll pick a date. No holds barred. Whatever you want. Anything you want. It'll be our night to make up for lost time."
She cranes her neck back but plays along. "How long until this said date?"
"At least another week. Maybe two."
She slits her eyes until they're almost shut. "You drive a hard bargain."
"Well it's not going to be very good if you get hurt, sweetheart." I say sincerely. "You may feel better doing regular things now, but if you really get down to business, it could be something entirely different."
She sighs. "You're right." She kisses my lips, letting it linger. 
"You're not going to make this easy for me, are you." I rub her nose with mine. 
"It's been a while, Daniel."
"It's been a while for me, too, baby. But we want to play it safe, right?"
"It would be so much funner living on the edge." She says and I can feel the need in her voice. I deserve a medal for this. 
I kiss her softly. "Come on. Let's go cuddle on the couch and watch a movie." 
"Okay. But I get to pick the movie."
"As long as it isn't Fifty Shades of Grey, I'm game."

Chapter 26
Kayla
As we sit together on the couch watching a movie, I snuggle into Daniel, enjoying his hands lovingly sliding up and down my back. He has such a tender touch no matter where he connects with me. My hormones are raging since I started feeling better a week ago. I know that Daniel is right about waiting until I'm completely healed. Our love life is in its infancy, and it would be awful to stint it with a poor experience, but at the same rate I'm dying to make love to him again. 
It's so difficult being this close to him without touching him the way that I want to touch him. He feels the same way and I know because I've observed the odd bulge below the belt, as mature as that sounds. It takes everything in me not to crawl to my knees and unzip his pants. 
If I thought Daniel was sexy before, he's ten times sexier now. As the movie finishes, he's half asleep next to me. "You want me to stay the night?" I ask. 
"That could be dangerous."
"Or delicious." 
His voice is low. "Take a deep breath."
"What?"
He kisses me on the lips. "Deep breath.  In through the nose."
I do it and feel a twinge where the incision was, plus another one on the left side, where two of my ribs were broken. I try to hide the pain, but he sees right through me. 
"Hurts." 
"Just a little." I admit. 
"It'll hurt an awful lot more if we make love, babe."
Slightly irritated, I huff the breath out and wince. Just as Daniel is about to say something, the front door unlocks, and Christopher's head appears. His hair is disheveled and there is a big red hickey plain as day on his neck. "That's crazy shit about Mallorie, eh?" He comments. 
"Doesn't seem to faze you that much, seeing as you look like you were just with a vampiress." Daniel says condescendingly.
He wiggles his eyebrows. "She was hot." 
"I'll bet." Daniel says. 
"Do I detect a note of jealousy?" Christopher teases.
"Just forget it." He bites back. "Let me take you home." Daniel addresses me. 
"Hey, don't leave on my account."
"We're not. It's late." Daniel kisses my head. 
Christopher gives Daniel a confused look. 
"Not that it's any of your business, genius, but just think about it for a minute, before your imagination gets the better of you." Daniel says. His tone is warning to his brother. I know Daniel told Christopher about Greg, but maybe he needs reminding. 
Christopher shrugs. "It was weeks ago.  What's up with that?"
"You're in medical school and you don't know that it takes that long to heal internal bleeding and fractured ribs?" He shakes his head. "God help your future patients."
"Ever done it gently, Daniel?" Christopher pushes. 
Daniel lifts a finger. There are daggers in his eyes as he stares his brother down. "You watch your mouth." 
Foolishly, Christopher ignores the warning. "You don't have to have rabbit sex, you know."
"You better shut your mouth." Daniel sits up and I worry that he's going to go punch his brother. I want to intervene but I'm not sure what the proper etiquette is when siblings fight. 
"You want me to show you how to get busy, sweetheart?" He giggles, and I know he's joking, but I get the feeling that the last comment crosses a line with Daniel. Daniel darts up and in two long strides is nose-to-nose with Christopher. He grabs him by the scruff and opens the front door, shoving him back outside. 
"Get the hell out of my house." He seethes. "You're not welcome here anymore."  He slams the door in Christopher's face, locks it and throws the latch over so his little brother won't be able to get back in, even with a key. 
Christopher bangs on the door. "What the fuck, Daniel!  I was kidding!"
"Sorry about that. Let's go upstairs so we don't have to listen to him." Daniel says to me, taking my hand in his. 
Feeling awkward, I rise. "Maybe you should just take me home."
He takes a step towards me. "You don't have to go home just because of this."
"You were going to take me home anyway."
Christopher bangs on the door again. "Come on, Daniel!  Look, I'm sorry!  I was just messing around. Kayla knows that!"
I stare at the floor. Not knowing where else to look.  "Why don't you go and talk to him."
"I've said what I needed to say. If I talk to him I'll just say things I'll regret." Daniel says to me. He reaches for my chin and gently forces me to look at him. "I'm sorry you have to be here to witness this."
"It's okay." My voice is low. "Are you just going to let him stand out there and make a scene?"
"He knows I'm not letting him back in. He'll give up in a minute."
"Are you really kicking him out?"
He purses his lips together. "I only say what I mean, Kayla. I've made so many concessions for him. What he did just now, that's where I draw the line."
"Well aren't you going to give him a chance to apologize?  He already did technically."
His hands find my waist. "Baby, if you let people disrespect you like that you'll have people walking all over you.  He had no right to say what he did. It was completely inappropriate and insensitive, and the fact that he said it in front of you fuels the flame. I've let him get away with so much already. I'm not letting him get away with this."
"I don't want to come between you and your brother."
He slides his hands over my waist. "Believe me, baby, you're not. He's been asking for this for a while. There's a lot that you don't know about my brother."
"Well, aren't you going to at least let him get his stuff?"
He purses his lips into a half-smile. "He'll be fine. Please stop worrying about him. He's an adult. He just needs to grow up."
We hear a car door slam and watch Christopher take off down the street in his car. "Where do you think he'll go?"
"My parent's place. Probably. He obviously loved this poor girl and left her, seeing as he didn't have the decency to stay the night with her after sleeping with her."
"Maybe she didn't want him to stay."
"That's his problem. Not mine." He kisses my lips. "What do you think?you want to go home still?"
I look at him and tell him with my eyes that I want to stay. 
He slides a finger down my cheek and looks at me so intently that I feel a lump in my throat. "I love it that you're willing to put your health on the line because you want to be with me so badly. Any other guy would jump at the chance. But I don't ever want anything to happen to you. You've been through so much, babe. I love you too much to take any risks with you." He kisses my head. "Come on. I'll take you home."
I don't see Daniel until class a few days later. He was asked to cover a couple of extra shifts at work and he had class on top of that. By the time I actually see him in class three days later, we all but fall into each other's arms. 
"God, did I miss you." He whispers in my ear as we hug each other like we haven't seen each other since some life-altering moment. One of his arms is wrapped around my neck, the other is around my waist. Both my arms span his middle. 
"I missed you too." I say, kissing him, not caring if our classmates are walking past, staring. I want so badly to kiss him properly, but that would be completely inappropriate?I keep telling myself. 
Class is?boring. Daniel sits behind me and I feel him rolling strands of my hair around his fingers. I don't stop him even though it's so distracting.  I don't see how being in this class is worth it anymore. Since missing so many classes I've just about lost my passion for it. Coupled with what happened with Greg and Brenda, and now our project is totally kyboshed, I'm almost reluctant to continue. Gladstone was willing to give us an extension, but I'd almost rather just start over next semester. Daniel has to finish it though if he wants to graduate. 
When class is over, Daniel and I take a walk, hand-in-hand, down the hallway leading to the parking lot. "So, what have you decided to do about the class?  Is your heart still in it?" Daniel asks me. 
"Not really."
"Come on, babe. I've got all your notes. There's a whole week to study for this test. We can study together."
I give him a look. "Daniel, studying together under this celibacy agreement is just going to frustrate me. I?I can't do it."
"What if I give you all the notes and just quiz you?  You can even interview the Dietician I'm going to interview. I'll set it up for you and everything."
"Wow. You really want me to finish this, don't you."
"I want you to succeed, Kayla. If I can help you do that, I will."
"Tell you what. You come over tonight and we'll work on it together."
"What's with the sudden change of heart?"
"You've inspired me."
He lifts his brows and smiles. I gently grab him by the scruff, pulling him towards me. He plays along and leans into me. "Also?I went for a run today."
A 'v' forms between his brows. "But you don't r-"  Recognition comes to his face. He leans into my lips and kisses me, and then he murmurs against my lips. "We've been through this, baby."
"I know." I kiss him, letting it linger, and then bite my lip to stop myself from kissing him again, this time slipping my tongue in his mouth. I'm dying to feel his tongue, his mouth, his everything. "Consider it positive reinforcement."
He chuckles. "Or bribery."
"Either way we both get what we want."
He sighs, pressing his forehead against mine. "You drive a hard bargain."
"Don't I?"
Another chuckle. "Alright. Let's go."
Daniel drives behind me as we head to my place. He blows kisses to me that I can see in the rear view mirror. God, I want this man. As I unlock my front door, he's already rubbing my back, and it feels electric. We take our shoes off and he heads to the kitchen table with his notes. 
"You want something to drink?" I offer.
"Water, please." He says as he scans his material. I pour us each some water and join him at the table. We manage to get through an hour of studying before I find myself allowing my eyes to scan his lips as he speaks. 
"You hungry?" I ask. My eyes haven't left his lips. He dips his head down, meeting my gaze. 
He gently tips my chin up with his index finger and thumb. "My eyes are up here, babe." 
I look into his eyes, dividing my gaze between them. They're so blue and honest I'm melting. My thighs are damp just taking in his scent and feeling his body heat so close to me. "You want something to eat?"
"Are you hungry?" His eyes go from my eyes to my lips and back to my eyes. 
For you, yes. 
"I'm going to make some popcorn. You want some?"
"Sure."
I rise and get the popcorn out of the cupboard while he finds a bowl. Sliding past him I purposely run my fingers over his chest. He looks at me and winks but keeps moving. 
As the microwave is cooking the kernels, I grab our glasses off the table and bring them over to refill them. Daniel takes a dish out of the cupboard and scrapes a knife full of butter on the plate. Sneaking behind him I snake my arms around his middle from behind. He lets out a sexy chuckle as he turns around. 
"Can I help you with something?" He asks. The tone in his voice is unintentionally sultry. His hands slide in, pulling me by the waist as he turns to face me. 
"You have a little spot?right here," I bend up on my toes and kiss the skin between his ear and his shoulder on his neck, "that looks a little lonely."
As I pull back from the kiss, he gives me a sexy little smile. "I know what you're doing.  It's not going to work."
Oh yeah?
I press my body closer to him, taking care to push my breasts into his chest. "And a little spot here," I kiss him full on the mouth, but keep it chaste. He kisses me back but pulls back. 
"I have to tell you a secret." I lie, standing tall, reaching for his ear. He bends slightly as I nip his earlobe, and then suck it, and then do a combination suck and nip, while he tips his head a little sideways. 
"Hmm?" he snuffles a slight giggle. His eyes are half-open as I pull back. "You're trying to seduce me, but it's not going to work." He murmurs; his eyes are hooded. 
"If I wanted to seduce you I would just strip." I say, unbuttoning the top three buttons on my shirt, revealing a generous amount of cleavage. I don't want to remove my shirt, or he'll see my scar and be reminded of his celibacy thing, and it'll be over. His eyes go to my chest but he's smiling like I haven't won him over yet. Game's not over yet, baby. 
Reaching his linen shirt, I unbutton it halfway down. "Kayla?" he says, tenderly taking my hands in his before I reach the bottom. I ignore him and bend down slightly, kissing his pecks. They're so firm I have to stop myself from biting them. When I reach his nipple, I peer up at him and he's daring me to do it with his eyes. 
Taking his nipple in my mouth, I suck it gently. He takes in a puff of air and grunts. "Kayla. You're looking for trouble." He says on exhale. 
That's an understatement. 
Darting my tongue out I lick his nipple, flicking it with my tongue and he exhales out another sexy grunt. "Kayla?" his tone raises an octave in slight warning. "You're turning me on."
I move to the other nipple and do the same. Daniel's hands find the sides of my face and he gently lifts my head so I'm looking at him. "Baby, I'm trying really hard to be a gentleman here. But you're making it really difficult to do the right thing."
I lean up and kiss him full on the mouth, but I keep my tongue to myself. Glancing at him intently, my nose is almost against his as I reach down and feel his hardness. He's solid as a rock behind his zipper and it spurs me on. Unzipping his fly, I kiss him full on the mouth again. He kisses me back with slightly more vigor. Unbuttoning his pants, I slide my hand inside his underwear and feel his rock hard cock against my palm. 
"I warned you." He says to me. His voice is low and sultry. 
Grasping the head in my hand, I round my fingers over the tip and caress it softly. His eyes are on my lips. My hand is still working as I lean in and his head tilts as I slowly envelop his lips with mine. His mouth opens slightly as his tongue gingerly dips inside my mouth. When my tongue meets his he gives in and opens his mouth wider, sliding his tongue deep inside. He starts making love to my mouth, giving me full, deep, slow, vigorous kisses, making me weak in the knees as I continue sliding my hand up and down his shaft, rounding my fingers around the head carefully with each pass. 
Slowly breaking from the suction against his lips, I tease him, sucking his bottom lip, and then I trail kisses across his jawline, down his neck, suck and lick his nipples one by one, and then I drop to my knees. 
"Kayla," he whispers, figuring out my intentions. The look on his face as I peer up at him is intense, almost like he wants to try to talk me out of it for my own good, but it's as if he doesn't want to hurt my feelings by rejecting me. I focus on his throbbing, rock hard cock, pointing completely North, reaching his navel. 
He's so goddamn beautiful I can't help it. I stuff the head in my mouth, sucking gently, wetting the shaft as I pull wetness down the length with my hand. There is salty seed already seeping out of the head. Daniel's head rears back as he lets out a healthy, breathy, sexy grunt. "Oh, Jesus, Kayla." He pants. 
Sliding him all the way in, I hear him hiss out my name. Glancing up at him, I can't believe the spectacle. He towers above me.  His shirt is wide open, revealing his washboard stomach, and his flat pelvis with a perfect 'v' to his groin. He could not be more perfect. His cock is large enough to completely fill my mouth and more. Much more. The head reaches the back of my throat as I pump the base with my hand. 
Daniel's mouth is open, shaped in a large 'o' as he makes a grunting panting sound, taking in the delicious friction from my lips and tongue as I suck him vigorously.  "Kayla?" he whispers, "God, you don't know what you're doing to me, baby,"
Oh, yes I do. 
"I can't believe you're doing that," he swallows, "hmmm?.oh," a hiss, a grunt, "oh, God, baby?.hmmm?" he murmurs. The sultry tone he's using makes me feel it in all the right places. I repeatedly suck in a rhythm with his slightly rocking pelvis. I can feel him moving with me as he takes in the waves of pleasure. 
His pelvis slows slightly yet I feel him getting impossibly hard. Breaths are coming in short spurts and he's hissing in between breaths. "Kayla?oh, God, Kayla?" he grunts, "Baby?.ah?.Jesus, you better stop." A deeper grunt.  I look up and his eyes are pinched tight. The knowledge that he's about to come is exhilarating.  "Kayla, God, I can't hold on much longer." He pants.  "It's been a while."  I don't want to stop, but I feel his hands grasp the sides of my face. "Baby, stop." He begs in a soft whisper, half wanting me to stop and half not wanting me to stop, based on the expression on his face.  I lift off my knees, so we're nose to nose.  He sighs, catching his breath.  "Jesus, that was close." He breathes. He swallows.  His glance is divided between both my eyes.  "I don't want it to end like this, baby.  It's been too long."
Taking a step back from him, I undo my top and pull it off, over my shoulders.  His chest still heaves slightly with need.  Removing my pants, I step out of them, and pull his pants and underwear down to the floor, and then I slide his shirt off his shoulders.  He wiggles out of his socks and reaches to my bra clasp behind my back, as he watches my bra fall to the floor.  Bending down, he kisses the flesh on my chest, and then he wraps his arms around me, finding my ass, and lifts me by my rear.  My wetness is against his hardness as we kiss voraciously?all the way to the bedroom.

Chapter 27
Daniel
Jesus Christ, what a rush.  I knew Kayla was up to no good when she stroked my chest.  She's been begging for us to make love for weeks now.  I felt bad for holding out on her, but I sure as hell don't want her to get hurt.  If she can bend down to her knees and?do things like that to me?I know she's okay to do other things.  The moment I realize this, I want her so bad I pick her up and take her into the bedroom.  I had no idea my girl was going to go down on her knees.  That shocked the hell out of me.  If I'd waited a second more before stopping her?man?I didn't want that to happen the first time after so long, and only on our third time making love.  It just?didn't feel right.  
Kayla is so wet against me as I bring her to the bedroom, I know it won't be long.  I want to love her until she begs me to stop.  I know she's ready for it.  After what she just did to me, I'm ready too. Her lips don't leave mine as I carry her into her room. As I lay her on the bed, I'm careful not to place my weight on her. Reaching up, I grab a condom out of her nightstand drawer and leave it on the bed, letting her take the reigns. She wraps her legs around my waist and wiggles to adjust herself so the head of my dick is making contact with her clit. She's so swollen and wet it feels so goddamn good. Moving my pelvis slowly, I increase the friction as our lips connect. The contact is sweet at first, but then I tilt my head sideways and dip my tongue inside her mouth. Her tongue meets mine as we fall into a rhythm of kissing and rubbing below the belt. Her moans are making me harder by the second. Inching down, I kiss and suck her beautiful breasts. God, have I missed this. I don't think I've ever craved sex the way I do with Kayla. It hasn't been easy since the incident, but I put sex in the back of my mind since then. It's all coming back to me now. 
Her back arches up to meet my touch as I suck her nipples one by one. Her mewling is such a turn on. Reaching with my hand, I circle her clit with my index finger, as she rubs the head of my cock with her hand. I almost can't take it anymore, but I want to hold off for her. 
"I want you, Daniel." She gasps as I continue circling her clit. 
I lift my head slightly and murmur against her breast. "You've got me, baby. I'm all yours."
"No, I want you. Inside."
So much for holding off for her. 
I reach for the condom. "Your wish is my command."
She watches me intently as I slide the condom on. 
"I can't get enough of this view." She says, biting her lip. She's laying on her back with her legs spread apart in waiting. 
"Likewise, baby." I say, taking her in as I skate my hands down her sides, slowly placing my weight on her. "Hi," I whisper, reaching her nose with mine. 
She smiles. "Hi," and kisses me full on the mouth. I return the kiss, deepening it by sweeping my tongue inside as I angle my cock at her entrance. Wiggling, she pushes my ass with her foot. I take the hint and gently thrust into her, kissing her deeply. 
Even with the condom on she feels heavenly inside. We kiss incessantly as we slowly find a delicious rhythm together. I feel her legs start to stiffen, and I thrust harder, using more of my hips. "Mmmm?.oh, Daniel." She breathes as our lips part. 
I kiss her neck, from her ear to her shoulder, and bend to suck and lick her breasts. Her back arches again as I glide in and out of her with ease, until her insides start to tighten, hugging my dick, making me grunt, lowering my forehead on hers. "Baby, you're so tight."
"You're so hard." She moans, making my dick like steel. 
"Mmm?" I grunt softly, and then I kiss her, as she sucks my tongue, reminding me of what it felt like when she was sucking my cock earlier. Leaning up, I drive harder into her as our skin slaps together softly. She pulls her legs closer to her body, feeling me deeper. Her breasts bobbing softly on her chest look so goddamn sexy I can't take my eyes off her. Except when I feel myself getting closer to the edge and slow slightly, as I reach for her clit and start circling it with my thumb. 
"Oh?God?Daniel." She moans, arching her back further. 
"That's it, baby. Feel it." I encourage through ragged breaths. My balls feel like they're going to explode as I feel my seed start reaching the tip of my cock. She mewls and lets out a sexy little grunt as she says my name again. "That's right, Baby?oh, God?feel it with me." My eyes pinch closed tightly as I try to hang on and come with her. I'm hanging by a thread when I see her hold her breath and feel her clench, just as I feel my orgasm catch as she gasps and all but growls the Lord's name as she comes with me. Her insides suck my cock, making me all but double over in sheer ecstasy. 
She's still coming as my aftershocks start to subside. Watching her is the sexiest thing ever. Hearing her cry out is right up there, too. I'll never get tired of this. As her cries turn to pants, and then settle to mewling, I keep up my thrusts, feeling the best aftershocks I've ever felt in my life.  I feel her body quiver once more and stop, as she stills. 
Resting my head between her shoulder and her neck, I can feel her heartbeat against mine, racing on my skin. Kissing her with an open mouth, I gently suck her skin, listening to her giggle breathlessly. "Tickles?" 
"A little."
I kiss her once more and rise, taking care of the condom. When I return, I lay next to her, resting my head on my hand, propping it up with my elbow. She turns on her side to face me. 
"I love you, babe." I kiss her lips sweetly. 
"I love you more." She says, making me smile. 
Pulling a lock of hair from her face, I drape it over her ear. "I've been thinking."
"I hope not in the last hour." She jokes. 
I chuckle softly and she smiles at me. 
"Have you ever thought about selling this place?" I ask. 
"What, like a fresh start, you mean?"
I shrug. "Kind of."
"I've never really thought about it. Why?  Does this house give you the creeps because my ex-husband used to live here?"
I shake my head and inch closer to her. "No. Nothing like that. I just thought that maybe?maybe you might want to move in with me." I choose my words carefully. "Maybe even quit your job and go to school full time." 
"Mmm?inviting me to live with you when you just kicked your brother out, huh. That's how you play?"
I wave. "He's over it. He's moving into his new place whether it's ready or not."
She lifts both her brows and I lift my hand. "I'm just asking you to think about it. This is more about you getting your education than about us living together. I mean, like you said before, help another human being."
She sighs and widens her eyes quickly, then relaxes them. 
"Especially one that I love." I add, kissing her. 
"I love you, too, baby, but?I don't know." She hesitates.  "I don't want to screw up what we have by moving too fast."
"You can have your own bedroom." I explain diplomatically.  "It'll be more like we're roommates if that suits you.  I just?I know you can't afford to go to school full-time and keep up with your job and your bills, and?it kills me a little every time I think about how much I can help you." I raise a hand and shake my head.  "What good is having all this money if I can't help someone out with it?" 
"I'm starting to feel like a charity case, Daniel." She can't look at me.
I lift her chin so we're eye-to-eye.  "If I didn't love you, I could see that.  But I do?I mean, I reeeeally love you?like I've never loved anyone else before." My voice is almost a whisper.  "There is no pressure here.  I just want you to think about it.  There will be no judgement."  Brushing a hand through her hair, I kiss her nose.  "I mean it."
"Okay." She says and gives me a cute little smile.  I kiss her sweetly on the lips and she turns over onto her other side, so her back is facing me.  Wrapping my arm over her, I cradle her body in mine, feeling her soft skin against my chest.  "Do you mind if I bounce this off Heather?"
"Please do." I kiss her head.  We lay silent for a moment.  "Oh, um, I heard back from the bank about my money."
"Yeah?"
"I'm getting it all back." I clear my throat. "I've already made arrangements to donate it.  The AAFA emailed me an invoice.  All I have to do is send them a check."
Kayla squeezes my hand.  "You're so thoughtful, Daniel."  
"Like I said, baby, there's no good in having so much if I can't help others."
"How did I get so lucky?"
I chuckle, nipping her ear.  "I was about to ask you the same thing."
"So I take it Greg got fried by our justice system?"
"Well, I don't know about that, but, I'm sure he won't see the light of day for a long time."
"What a relief."
"If it helps," I nip her ear again, "I have a state-of-the-art security system at my house." I tease.
She snuffles a laugh.  "Aside from your bulky arms and washboard stomach?"
"Not that I wouldn't have pounded the guy, busting him in two if I'd have had the chance, but no, seriously, you can't beat the security at my place."
"Okay, well, that sweetens the pot a bit." She plays along.
"And you'll have twenty-four-hour-access to said bulky arms and washboard stomach." I point out playfully, kissing her cheek.
"I thought you said there was no pressure." She chuckles.
"There isn't.  I was just pointing out the?perks."  I snuggle in closer.  "Go to sleep."
"I love you."
"Love you, too, baby." I whisper into her ear.

Chapter 28
Kayla
As I drive to work, I'm feverishly trying to find my phone in my purse.  When I find it, I find Heather's number and pound the dashboard, willing it to dial faster.  Heather answers on the third ring, making my heart pound out of my chest in anticipation.  "Heather!" I shriek as she picks up.
Her voice is even, like she's already had a cup of coffee, and is ready to start the day. "What's up, buttercup?" she chuckles, responding to my frenzied voice.
I shout, "Oh?my?God!  Daniel asked me to move in with him!"
Heather's voice goes from even to 'holy fuck!' in an instant.  "What???!!!  Are you kidding me!!!" only dogs can hear her with the high pitch tone she's using.
"No!  I'm dead serious!"
"When?  Like?when did he ask you?" her tone calms a notch.
"Last night."
"Like?how?  Did it just come up in conversation?" she probes.
Oh?God.  "Um?not exactly."
"Well?details, girl!  Don't hold out on me."
Fine.  "It was right after sex.  He just?asked me."
She makes a repugnant sound through her nose.  "Well, then that's the problem.  He'd just blown his wad.  Guys will say anything or agree to anything after sex.  How do you think I got my bathroom redone?"
"So you think he isn't serious?" I rake a hand through my hair.
She sighs.  "I don't know." A pause.  "What did you say?"
"I told him I'd think about it.  He insisted that I do.  He says it's so I can quit my job and go back to school full-time, and not so much about us."
"Oh?well, isn't he mister romantic." Her tone is condescending.
"He told me he loved me like a dozen times in between."
"He's already told you that he loves you?  Man, you've got yourself a keeper."
"Come on, be serious.  What should I do?"
Another pause.  "Would you sell your house, or just rent it out?  Have a bit of an insurance policy?"
"I could do that, I mean, I love that house."
"Well, why don't you ask him to move in with you then?"
"Huh," I guffaw.  "Heather, he'd be taking a very large step down.  You should see his house.  When I first saw it, I asked him if he was a Rockefeller."
Heather barks out a laugh.  "Oh yeah, I forgot you told me that he's loaded.  Well, then, you've got yourself in a bit of a pickle then.  Do you love him?"
I gush.  "So much it hurts."
She blows out a puff of air. "Then do it.  I'd move in with him.  Why not.  I mean, hell, it isn't every day that a guy you love asks you to move in with him.  If it doesn't work out, you still have your house."
"But what about my job?  I mean, I'll be unemployed."
"Girl, where's your faith?" she pauses for emphasis.  "Even if things go down the toilet, you still have plenty of options.  You have such a great reputation at that charity, you'd never have a problem finding work again."
I feel a lump in the back of my throat.  "You see, this is why I love you.  You know exactly what to say and how to say it to me to hit home."
"That's why we're best friends, babe."
"Exactly right."
"So?how is the sex, anyway?  Is he any good?"
I smile.  "What do you think?"
"I think he'd be a god in bed."
"We've only made love a few times, but man?it's the best I've ever had."
"A few times?  Just a few times?"
"Heather, I had surgery and broken ribs?and he's en route to being a doctor.  He insisted we hold off.  In fact, I had to throw myself at him last night, he wanted to wait longer."
"And?"
I shrug, lowering my tone an octave.  "Well, you know how it ended."
"You go girl.  Gotta go.  I'm going to be late for work."
"Love you."
"Love you too."
Later that day, as I sit in the lunchroom alone, eating, I get a text message from Daniel.  "I can't wait to see you tonight." He says, with an emoticon of a heart and a set of lips beside it. 
"I can't wait to feel your lips on mine." I text back, with the same lips emoticon.
"*sizzle* talk like that will get you far, baby." He texts.
"That's what I was hoping for.  I want to?finish you off this time." I text.
"*eyebrow lift* and I'll finish you off, too?hard."
"Keep saying 'hard' and I'll suggest we meet up for a nooner."
"?.can you?"
"I can if you can." The texts stop for a minute, and I wonder if maybe he's on his way to meet me at work or something.  
But then, "Sorry, baby.  Our plan just got nixed.  I'll see you tonight?but thanks for giving me a hard-on at work *wink*.  Love you."
"Love you too."
As I finish work later, I'm driving home, and my phone rings.  The dash tells me that it's Daniel.  I pick up.  "Hi,"
"Hi, yourself." His voice is silky.  
"So how did our nooner plan get nixed?"
He draws in a deep breath.  "Traffic accident.  Nasty.  It was all hands on deck for a couple of hours.  But I'm ready now."
"Are you?" my voice is sultry.
"For you?always."
"Are you hungry?  Do you want to go out for dinner?"
"Well?I'm hungry?but I don't have any intentions of going out.  What I have in mind requires no audience.  Just me, you, lips, tongues, teeth, and my hands all over you."
"Lucky for you I already made a casserole.  It just has to be warmed up."  I pause as he chuckles softly.  "So, did you really have a hard-on earlier?"
"When my lady makes promises like that?in writing?it has an effect on me."
"So if I tell you verbally what I want to do to you, it won't have the same effect?"
"Why don't you enlighten me?"
My thighs are getting damp.  His voice is so sexy I want to die.  He sounds horny as hell, matching my mood.  I can't wait to attack him the minute I see him.  "Well, for starters, I'm going to kiss your lips until they're swollen, and use my tongue, too." I'm not great at the dirty talk, but I'll give it a try.
"My lips won't be the only things that are swollen if you do that."
I chuckle in a sultry way, in keeping with the phone sex we're enjoying.  "Well, then, I'll have to take care of that, too.  You won't mind if I unbutton your pants and take you in my mouth, will you?"
He draws in a deep breath.  "Wow,"
I turn onto my street.  "Well?"
"Hard as a rock."
My house is in viewing distance.  I can see Daniel standing in my driveway.  "Wet as a Slip-n-Slide." He sees me and I hang up.  I watch him take a step towards my car, and I open the door.  He inches his way in, grasping me by the waist, pulling me close to him.  I can feel his hardness against my belly.  The look he gives me is smouldering.  "Well, you weren't kidding." I murmur as his face draws near mine.
"I only say what I mean, baby." His lips envelop mine as his arms snake up my back, making me weak in the knees.  My hands are in his hair, taking him in, pulling him closer to me, as our noses press into each other's cheeks.  We're crushed together in a kiss akin to that of two lovers who've been parted for months, years even.  We don't stop until a car blatantly honks its horn, and the passenger rolls down his window, uttering a lewd comment.  Daniel's lips lift from mine.  "Let's get in the house." He manages, taking my hand in his.  I close the car door and press the fob, locking it.  Daniel stands behind me, using his index finger to pull the hair off my shoulder, as he inches his face into my neck, giving me full-mouth kisses.  
As the lock disengages, we step into the house and remove our shoes.  I lock the door and he's right behind me, giving me an inch of space to turn around and face him.  I can feel his body heat against mine as he leans on the door with his hands, pressing my back against it, scanning my face as if it were a precious gift.  Parting my legs with his knees, he rests his hardness on the perfect spot at the apex of my thighs, and shifts his pelvis, forcing me to feel it more.  
My eyes close and my lips part as I take in the contact, and he tilts his head, opening his mouth, slowly, painfully slowly, lowering his mouth onto mine.  Inadvertently, a moan escapes from my throat, as I feel his tongue meet mine.  It's deep, slow, and so hot my breathing matches his; ragged and heavy.  Gliding his lips over mine, our tongues dance together as his hand slides up the back of my shirt.  Using one hand, he unhinges my bra by giving it a practiced squeeze, and I feel it loosen around me.  With the same hand, he flattens his palm across my breast, and I take a deep breath in, taking in the contact.  
As my nipple beads against his touch, his lips lift from mine briefly, and he tilts his head in the other direction, dipping his tongue in deeper.  Another moan escapes and he breathes a heavy sigh on my cheek.  Lifting his lips off mine, his expression is smouldering, as he peels his shirt off and bends slightly, kissing the skin at my waist.  While lifting my shirt with one hand on either side of my body, he slowly works his way up, sucking and dipping his tongue into my navel, and trailing kisses up my abdomen.  When he reaches my bra area, he pulls my shirt over my head, removes my bra, and flattens his hands around my ribcage as he takes my nipple in, all the way to the areola, making my eyes roll into the back of my head.
"God, Daniel?take me." I beg breathlessly, losing myself.
Pressing me against the door, his mouth is all over my chest; kissing, sucking, licking, making me pant and groan with need.  It's taking everything in me not to unzip my pants and ride him right here in my foyer.  Finding strength, I grab the waistband of his pants and pull him, facing me, to the bedroom.  As we reach the bed, I unzip his pants, pull them to the floor, and slide his underwear down.  His cock is throbbing hard, pulsing already, and I don't hesitate to stuff him all the way into my mouth as Daniel stands in front of me, facing the bed, and I sit on the bed, level with his cock.
"Oh, Jesus." He grunts as I feel his dick touch the back of my throat.  My hand is already pumping the base as my tongue and lips work the shaft.  "Christ, Kayla," he breathes as I work fast.  I want him so bad I can't wait.  He's hissing and moaning as I take him all the way in to the hilt, sucking, pumping rhythmically, feeling his shaft turn to steel.  His head is reared back and his hands are at his sides, chest heaving, as I work him up and down, sucking, pumping, taking him all the way in to the back of my throat as if it's a race to see how fast I can make him come.  In a way, it is.  
"Oh?God, Kayla?aaahhhh?" he mewls as I taste his salty pre-cum on my tongue.  "Oh?baby?oh, I can' t wait." He grunts, lifting me by the waist, pushing me onto the bed in the wrong direction.  Ten seconds later, my pants and underwear are on the floor and his face is buried in my folds, as he licks and sucks, driving me as crazy as I drove him a minute before.  His tongue is battering my clit as he drives two fingers inside me, making me squirm and cry out loud.
"Daniel!" I pant, squeezing air out of my lungs as my chest heaves.  It sounds like I'm desperate, and I am.  "God?Daniel?" I grunt, pinching my eyes shut tight.  I'm climbing so fast, but I want to feel his rock hard cock in me so bad I can't stand it.  Grasping the sheets, I utter out an expletive, not recognizing the lust and need in my own voice.  "Daniel?fuck me?now."
A second later, I feel his hands swiftly glide up the sides of my body as he drives into me, rocking his pelvis against mine so hard I'm glad I don't have a headboard to contend with at this angle.  His hands find mine as he interlaces our fingers, pulling both our hands over my head as he tilts up slightly, filling me completely, repeatedly, while the bed rocks as though we're in the middle of an earthquake.  We're both breathless, panting, moaning, as Daniel's rhythm picks up more and I feel my body quiver as my orgasm catches fast, igniting him, driving him over the edge with me.  
A panting, crying, squeaking, loud mess of sounds surrounds us as we simultaneously ride the waves of passion and pleasure together, until I splutter the last grunt, and Daniel rests his forehead on mine, while I feel our chests heave in unison, as if we're one.  "Holy?shit," he pants.  "Hands down," more panting, "best sex I ever had."
I lick my lips and swallow.  "Agreed.  I've never 'f' bombed in bed before."
"I mean?I didn't want to encourage that kind of language?" he teases.
I make a pig noise with my nose.  "It's your fault." I giggle.
He releases my fingers from his and slides them on either side of me, giving me a warm embrace.  "I will totally take the blame."
We both take a cleansing breath and chuckle at each other.  "I spoke with Heather earlier."
"Oh yeah?  What's up with her?" he asks conversationally.  It's kind of weird talking casually when he's still inside me.  
"I bounced an idea off her."
He kisses me chastely.  "I'm guessing it's about us moving in together."
"Yeah,"
"And?" another kiss.
"She told me to go for it."
"I like this Heather girl?we should invite her over more often." 
I grin.  "You're so cute."
He mirrors my grin.  "I love that smile." Another kiss, "Did you arrive at a decision yet?"
"I think so."
"Since you brought it up, and you're not pre-empting, I'm going to take a risk and say that you've decided to move in with me."
I nod and he smiles, kissing me softly, slowly, once, twice, half a dozen times, and then his face turns blank just as he's about to lift off me.  "What's wrong?"
He tilts his head sideways, not looking at me.  "Oh, man?we forgot to use a condom."  He rakes a hand through his hair, looking a little anxious.
My mouth forms a small 'o'.  "Oh, shit?I guess we were a little?distracted."
Eying the tissue box on my nightstand, he inches his way to reach it, handing me a handful of tissues before pulling out of me.  A minute later, we're snuggling in bed.  Daniel's hand skates over my abdomen.  "Chances are I can't get pregnant anyway, Daniel.  I wouldn't worry too much about it, unless you're fearing STDs or something."
"Nah, I just don't want anything to ruin your future, you know?  A baby right now would definitely throw a wrench in things for you."
"Well, people figure out ways all the time, baby.  Besides, like I said, I probably can't have kids, anyway."
"I'm pretty sure I'm very fertile." He chuckles with little mirth.  I feel like he feels guilty.  Like he's blaming himself for being careless, and he feels bad that we took a risk.
"Why don't I go on the pill?"
His face goes blank.  "No.  No way.  I don't want you taking anything." He cuts the air with his hand for emphasis.  "That stuff kills the mood, too.  Plus, I don't like the risk." He pauses.  "We just have to be more careful, and pray to God that none of my swimmers makes it to one of your eggs.  Can I ask you something personal?"
"Of course."
"What day are you in your cycle?"
"Right at the end. In fact, it's good that we took care of business now, because it's on its way."
He nods, satisfied, and kisses me.  "Good."
"How's your sister doing?"
Just as I ask, Daniel's phone rings from inside his pants pocket.  "Sorry," he says, bending over me to grab his pants.  He's on top of me and takes advantage by kissing my chest.  When he picks up his phone, he's kissing me at the same time.  "It's my mom." He says to me before answering.  "Hey, mom."
His smile fades as he listens to his mother.  "Okay, I'll be right there."
He hangs up and turns all business, lifting off me and getting dressed.
"What's wrong?"
"Get dressed, babe.  We gotta go." He says, pulling his underwear up.
"What happened?  Is it your dad?"
"No, it's Mallorie." He says without looking at me. "She was rushed into the hospital."
I say nothing but start dressing fast.  The next five hours change my life forever.













Chapter 29
Daniel
It went from the best sex of my life to the second worst night of my life before I could blink.  The worst night of my life was when my dad had his stroke.  We thought we would lose him.  In fact, it wasn't until diagnostics came back showing that he'd had only a minor stroke, that we thought he had any hope.  Days and nights in Afghanistan come close, but nothing pulls at the heartstrings more than when someone you love is in danger.  
Mallorie is pale as a sheet when we arrive in her hospital room.  When I see my mom at her bedside, I see a side of mom that I haven't seen since her breakdown.  Her obstetrician hat is on, clearly, as she's over the nurse's shoulder, inspecting all the gauges and monitors.  I have to pull mom aside, because she seems like she's about to pounce on the nurse.  "Daniel, it's taking too long for them to figure out what's going on." Mom stipulates.
"What happened?" I ask under my breath, out of earshot from Mallorie.
"She started swelling up; her hands and face.  Thank God dad and I were home.  You know Mallorie, she'd slough it off."
A 'v' forms between my brows.  "I doubt it, mom.  I mean, she's pregnant.  Mallorie wouldn't take that lightly."
Mom ignores my statement.  "Well, at any rate, it looks like pre-eclampsia.  Especially at thirty-five weeks.  I've been noticing that she's put on some weight in the last few days, too.  Classic pre-eclampsia."
"So we get her medication and keep her off her feet." My arms are crossed over my chest.  Kayla is with dad, chatting off to the side of Mallorie's bed.  Mallorie looks exhausted.  
"Exactly.  If the doctor has any sense at all, he'll keep her here under observation." She tells me Mallorie's current blood pressure reading.  "If she goes any higher, she may have to deliver."
I nod.  Kayla looks over my way and I give her a casual wink.  She gives me a tight smile in return.  God, I love this woman.  Walking over to her, I slide my hand around her waist.  "I hope dad's not filling your head with anything bad about me." 
She smiles.  Dad looks at me.  "That would be funny if I had anything bad about you to tell her." he says.  "It's my other three boys I have to worry about."
"Don't worry, dad.  Tyler and Grant will be home next week.  You'll have plenty of material to share." I say.
"I get enough flack from Christopher at any rate." Dad grumbles.  "You know he'd rather sleep on the floor in an uninsulated box than stay with family?  It's no wonder you kicked him out, Daniel.  You know he isn't even coming to see your sister?"
Glossing over dad's comment, I turn to Mallorie.  "How do you feel, chum?"
"Like I'm eight months pregnant." She says, not hiding the contention in her voice.  
"That'll teach you." I say, and then I bite back, seeing as Kayla and I just finished having unprotected sex not two hours ago.
Mallorie ignores my comment and turns to dad.  "Dad, you look tired.  Why don't you and mom head home?  Daniel and Kayla can keep me company."
"I'm not leaving until they get your medication." Mom stipulates.
"Mom, I can take care of that." I say, growing impatient, until Kayla hooks her thumb in the waistband of my jeans, pulling me closer to her.  I rest my arm over her shoulder.  Mom glances at Kayla and I and takes a step towards me, kissing my cheek.  
"You're right, dear.  You can handle this."
"Sure.  Get dad home to bed.  The last thing we need is two medical emergencies at the same time."
Mom kisses Mallorie on the cheek before hooking her arm into dad's, not only to lend him physical support, but to rest her head on his upper arm.  As they leave, I aim a thumb towards them and address Mallorie.  "Geez, mom's really clinging to dad lately.  I haven't seen her like that since before her breakdown."
"She really got down to business with the doctors, too." Mallorie says.  "Truth be told; I wanted to get them out of here.  I need to talk to you about something, Daniel."
"Oh, I'll give you two some privacy." Kayla says, taking the hint.  
"No, no...actually, I'd like a woman's opinion, too." Mallorie says, waving.  
My hand finds Kayla's as my sister starts.  "Brent, the father of the baby, he's been in touch with me."
"Is he still overseas?" I ask.
"No, he's back.  He found me through a mutual friend.  Anyway, he wants to see me, and I don't know what to do."
"Well, how do you feel about him?" I ask.
"I know him only casually.  I mean, he's way higher up in ranks than I am, and I think that's why he steered clear of me while we were in combat after I got pregnant.  He was embarrassed?it's kind of a cliquey thing out there; kind of like a government official getting involved with a taxi driver, you know?"
We're both silent, listening.
"Anyway, I feel reluctant to see him.  Especially looking like a whale."
"You're carrying his baby, Mallorie.  I hardly think he's going to hold your appearance against you." Kayla points out.  "Besides, you don't look like a whale."
"I feel like one." 
"That's because you're swollen, Mal." I rub her arm.  "Believe me, you don't look bad at all."
"So, what do I do?" Mallorie prompts.
"I think you should give him the benefit of the doubt, personally." I say.  
"Yeah, I mean, for all you know the guy had some other issues to contend with first.  Maybe his standoffishness had nothing to do with you at all." Kayla says.  "You won't know until you see him."
She nods, satisfied.  "Okay."
"Have you been stressing over this?  How long ago did he make contact with you?" I ask.
"No, I've not been stressing over it.  Brent only came home last week.  I heard from him three days ago.  I just haven't called him back.  Darcy, our friend, called me this morning saying that he's been looking for me."
"So, call him." I say.  "Find out what he wants."
Kayla places a hand on her arm. "But if something doesn't feel right, end it.  You've got enough to deal with.  Plus, I'm not sure," she looks at me with honest, dinner plate shaped eyes that tear at my heartstrings, "but I think stress makes what you have worse."
I nod.  "It's true."
Mallorie bites her lip.  "Okay.  But won't it freak him out that I'm in the hospital?"
"Maybe.  But it's life, Mal.  What are you going to do?  You can't lie to him." I say.
She's silent, thinking it over.  Then she changes the subject.  "So, what happened with Christopher?  Why'd do you kick him out, anyway?  Mom and dad wouldn't say anything, and Christopher told me to talk to you."
"He's got a big mouth and crossed a line." I say simply.  "It's dealt with.  He's over it.  Move on."
"But he's living in an unbuilt house, sleeping on the floor, Daniel." Mallorie points out. 
"Yeah, well, it looks good on him." I kiss Kayla's temple.
Recognition comes to Mallorie's face.  "Ah?I know what happened." She points a finger at Kayla.  "He insulted you, didn't he?"
"Man, pregnancy hasn't curbed your mind reading ability, has it?" I ask facetiously.  
"He did, didn't he?" she's impressed with herself.  "Let me guess?he came on to you." She's stating it more as a comment than a question.
"Not?exactly." Kayla says.
"Close enough." I say.  
"Well, he's a fool then." Mallorie states.  "He should know better." Mallorie addresses Kayla.  "Daniel has never been one to screw with.  Anyone knows that if you cross a line with him, you're done.  End of story.  Christopher is lucky that Daniel even speaks to him then." She smiles.  "You've softened him up, Kayla."
"Alright, that's enough bonding." I say, feeling like crawling into a hole.  "Let's go find your doctor and get the ball rolling." I take Kayla's hand and address Mallorie.  "We'll be back in five."
Two days later, Mallorie's blood pressure hits the roof and it's a matter of life or death for mom and baby.

Chapter 30
Kayla
If I thought Daniel was cute, sweet and sexy before becoming an Uncle, he's hit new platitudes with me.  Seeing him cuddle with his little nephew in the NICU incubator is enough to make me gush.  Henry weighed just three pounds, two ounces when he was delivered by emergency Caesarean section three days ago.  He's a little piglet though, and has already gained a handful of ounces.  At this rate, he'll be home with his mother in another week.  
Taylor and Grant, Daniel's other two brothers, returned home yesterday.  I haven't had the pleasure of meeting them yet, but I'm told they're coming by the hospital today.  Having never been near a baby, especially one that small, I haven't held Henry yet.  Daniel tries to coax me, but I'm so terrified that I'll drop him or squeeze him too tight.  His skin is downy soft, and watching Daniel sway as he holds him makes my heart ache.  I really hope I can give him a baby some day, if we end up together, that is. I know now that he wants one.  He's a natural with infants.  
We've been slowly bringing my stuff over to Daniel's, little by little.  I've been interviewing potential renters, having decided to go that route, and the candidates have been narrowed down to three.  Daniel has insisted on being a part of this process, and frankly, I'm fine with that.  He means well, and, having Daniel there is a bit intimidating to some of the male candidates, so it doesn't hurt.  I've decided to have my own room at his house; just to give him a little space.  He needs it sometimes, with work and school, and I don't want to cramp his style.  
Mallorie has never told us what happened with Brent, Henry's father.  But we haven't met him yet, so I'll assume that things did not go well.  Mallorie is very excited to be a mom.  It suits her well.  Daniel's parents gush every time they see Henry.  Having a grandchild has really brought them together.  It makes Daniel so happy to see his mom and dad so close again.  It makes me happy, too.  Being around Daniel and his family really gives me such a warm sense of belonging.  They never make me feel like I'm an outsider.  It's something I've never experienced; being part of a family.  It was always just me, mom and Nana Mary.  This is something to behold.  
As we bring the last of my things in on moving day, Daniel snakes his arms around my waist and pulls me close.  "So, rent's due the first of the month.  If you're a day late there will be severe punishment in the bedroom.  Spankings, pounding against the wall, and tying you to the bedpost are not beneath me."
"Gee, Daniel, if you want to punish me, why don't you just cut me off.  Now that would be punishment." I chuckle, teasing him.  
"Cutting you off would be punishment for me, too, baby." He says as he kisses my lips.  "Now, what's this I hear about you wanting your own room?  You mean I have to take like?what?ten steps?to ravage you?  That's just criminal."
I laugh out loud. "It's not to punish you, it's so you can get some sleep after working late at the hospital, or if you need to study, or whatever else you might need space for."
"Baby, if I work late at the hospital, you next to me won't be a bother.  I sleep better when I'm with you anyway.  Plus, making love before bed makes me sleep like a rock."
"You don't have to tell me." I say matter-of-factly.  He chuckles, resting his head against my shoulder.  
"Can you at least sleep with me tonight?  It's your first night here." He asks so sweetly I can't resist.
"Sure.  How about I sleep with you on weekends, but during the week, I'll sleep in the other room?"
"If that's how you want it?we'll go with that." He says, although I sense his reluctance, and it's so adorable.  "But I'll warn you now that you might have company in your bed quite frequently."
"I can live with that." His eyes are on my lips. "Do you want to help me unpack?"
He kisses me full on the mouth. "I'd rather help you out of your clothes, but I suppose that can wait until later."
I smile at him. He's so cute when he's horny. Thank God that's often, because I always want him, too. But frankly, having my stuff piled all around his kitchen and hallway is making me feel bad. I don't want to overtake his house. Much of my stuff is in storage, like all my furniture, since my tenant supplied his own, but I still have my personal stuff here. 
"It looks like my house threw up in yours." I say. "I need to clean this up."
"Baby, you worry too much." He kisses me again. "Did you hear back from the cemetery about your mom's monument?"
"No, but Nana Mary did. It's finished and laid down. We can go see it any time."
He gives me a pleading look. "Why didn't you tell me."
I rake a hand through his hair. "Baby, we've had so much on the go. I was going to tell you after everything settled down."
He embraces me, pulling me gently by the neck so I'm close to him. "Kayla, all this stuff isn't as important as that. You need to see that."
"I will."
"Yes. You will. Let's clean this place up and go." He says. 
Two hours later we're at the cemetery. Daniel's hand is in mine as we stand in front of my mother's grave, looking at her stone. It's so surreal I feel a lump in my throat immediately. Daniel's head is bowed, as if saying a prayer. I can't look at him. I think he's getting misty-eyed too. 
After a few minutes of silence, he rubs my back slowly. "Are you okay?" He says softly. I don't answer verbally, but I nod. 
"Liar." He says, grabbing my waist, pulling me close. I gasp out a weep, and I feel his breath turn ragged as he cries with me. We hold each other for what feels like forever, because I lose all sense of time when I'm in Daniel's arms. 
He pulls back. "If she were here?right now?what would you say to her?"
"I'd tell her that you and I are living together. That I'm going back to school full time, and that even though I miss her with every breath, I'm so happy I could burst sometimes."
He places his lips on my head and whispers against my skin. "I'm so happy to hear you say that, baby." He holds me against him, swaying slightly, then he kisses the spot where his lips are and pulls back. "What do you say we have a little celebration dinner out?  We almost never go out to eat."
I guffaw, wiping my eyes with the backs of my hands. "Remember we don't exactly have a great track record for eating out, what with the hot dog food poisoning and then that skanky girl at the mom and pop place."
He chuckles. "I promise you we won't have another experience like that again."
"I don't want to take any chances.  Let's just go home.  You can make me your famous grilled cheese sandwiches.  Way better than any restaurant food in my opinion."
He gets a strange look on his face and shakes his head.  "God, I love you."
I take his hand in mine.  "I love you too."
As we drive back home and pull up to the driveway, we see two cars parked in the driveway.  I look at Daniel and he purses his lips together.  "Well, there's no time like the present."
"What do you mean?  Who's here?" 
"Tyler and Grant?the better brothers.  Believe me, they're way less trouble than Christopher."  We get out of the car and he takes my hand in his.  Two men are sitting on the porch, chuckling at something.  "Heyyyy?." Daniel says, as both young men stand up, giving Daniel some weird guy handshake, complete with practiced moves like a secret handshake before entering some strange club.  One brother is super tall, like at least six foot five, and the other is Daniel's height, with stark blonde hair and very tanned skin, making a sharp contrast.  "Why didn't you guys call?"  then he looks at me.  "Oh, geez?Tyler, Grant, this is Kayla."
I stick my hand out and they each take a shake, both giving me perfunctory nods hello.  Tyler is the really tall one with big blue eyes matching Daniel's, and dark hair like him, but his face is very different from Daniel's.  There is a distinct similarity between Daniel and Grant, though, especially since they are the same height.
"We were just pissing away time, man.  Drove past and decided to stick around and see how long you'd be out." Tyler says.  "We're not keeping you from anything, are we?"
Daniel frowns.  "Not really.  I was just about to cook Kayla here some grilled cheese sandwiches.  Are you guys hungry?"
"I could eat." Tyler shrugs.
"I'd kill for one of those." Grant says.
Ten minutes later, we're sitting in Daniel's kitchen, eating his famous sandwiches.  The boys brought beers over, so we're drinking and talking, having such a great time.  Daniel really lets his guard down with these two.  I really like this side of him.  As he finishes his second beer, I lift my brow at him.  "Geez, baby, am I going to have to mop you up off the floor later?" I tease.
"As long as you're the mop, babe, I'm up for it." he winks.  
Tyler whistles.  "Whoa?Daniel." He chuckles.  "I think we oughta cut you off.  I've never heard you make such a comment before."
Grant is trying and failing not to laugh.  Daniel's face isn't even pink.  He's not even a little bit embarrassed by what he said.  He just smiles and looks at me.  His smile is contagious.
"Hey, did you hear your old ball and chain is getting hitched?" Grant asks.
Daniel's smile fades.  "Yep."
"How'd you hear?" Tyler asks.
"Through the grapevine.  Don't care." He adds, looking at me.  His smile is back.
"Christopher told me." Tyler says.  "I don't know how he found out."
Daniel gives his brother a knowing look. "I know.  He hooked up with some skank.  The same skank who told me about her.  It figures."
"Leave it to Christopher." Grant pings his beer bottle against Daniel's.  "Little shit is sleeping on the floor in his unbuilt kingdom.  It's coming around, but there's still a lot of work to be done.  He doesn't even have heat yet.  He has a fireplace."
Daniel scoffs, shaking his head.  "I hope the little maggot freezes to death."
"Hey, dad looks great.  Mom, too." Tyler says, changing the subject, which I'm grateful for.  Daniel always gets a little anxious when Christopher's name is brought up.  I don't want to break this spell.
"Yeah, since little Henry came into the world, it's kind of brought them together.  Gives me a little incentive." Daniel says, shocking me. 
"You?" Tyler scoffs.  "Hey, when are you done school, man?"
"Another year of interning.  Then I'm applying for my medical license. After that I specialize."
"You're going to be in school until retirement." Grant teases. 
"I'm almost done." Daniel says.  "It'll be worth it." A pause. "When are you guys done overseas?"
"We're done." Tyler answers. "At least for now."
"So, you're like?back back?" Daniel emphasizes. 
"Yep. We're going to look at houses tomorrow." Grant says. 
"You guys are going to buy one together?"
Tyler shrugs. "For now, ya."  He pauses.  "So, are you guys shacked up now?"
Daniel looks at me and rests his hand on my thigh.  "That's right.  Kayla's going back to school full-time after the New Year."
"What are you taking?" Tyler tips his chin up to ask me.  
"I'm going to be a Dietician."
He lifts his brows, impressed.  "You guys make a great pair then."
"We sure do." Daniel leans over and gives me a wet kiss on the cheek, making sure it's noisy as hell, making me giggle.  His breath smells sweet with beer. It's so adorable.  
Tyler looks at us, dividing his glance between us both.  "Wow," he chuckles.
Daniel wraps his arm around me.  "Wow, what?"
"I just?I never thought I'd see the day."
Daniel tips his beer to his lips.  "What day?" a 'v' forms between his brows.
Tyler waves.  "Na, nothing.  Never mind. I'll tell you when you're not smashed."
"No, tell me now.  I'm fine."
Grant guffaws.  "Says the slurring man with red eyes.  You're not cut out for drinking." He chuckles. 
"Neither are you." Daniel says, tipping his beer to his lips again.  
Grant looks at Tyler.  "You ready to head out, man?  Leave these two alone?"
"Yes, please." Daniel winks at me.  
"We'll stop by tomorrow.  Let you know how the house hunting went." Grant says as they both rise to leave.  "It was nice meeting you, Kayla."
"Nice meeting you both." I say, giving them each a perfunctory hug.  The second they pull out of the driveway, Daniel's lips are on my neck.  "You couldn't wait for them to leave, could you?" I giggle.
"You got it, babe." He says against my skin.  The sound is muffled.
"My bedroom or yours tonight?" I ask, teasing.
Daniel lifts me and my arms snake around his neck.  "Whatever's closest."  We're kissing sweetly as he carries me to his bedroom. The sounds of our lips smacking apart is so cute. "You want me to brush my teeth first?  Is my breath offensive?" He asks between kisses. 
"What I have in mind it won't matter."
He wiggles his brows, playing along. I figure he's just drunk enough to get away with something I've been wanting to do to him for a while. As we arrive in his room, he lowers me to the floor, rubbing me down his body enough that I can tell that he's already a little turned on. 
"Lay down, babe." I motion him to the bed. 
He gives me a puzzled look that is so sexy I want to die. When he does what I ask, I climb on top of him and peel off my shirt and his.  He's so cute, just laying there, watching my every move, and he's letting me do all the work.  I may actually get away with it this time.  Climbing off him for a brief moment, I remove my pants and socks, and then reach over and undo his pants, sliding them down his legs.  He's getting a kick out of this.  There's a tiny ghost of a smile on his lips, and it's so sexy, just glancing at him is making me wet.  When I lean down to kiss him, he reaches up and unfastens my bra, letting it fall on his chest.
Tossing it on the floor, he bends upward and gives me an all-consuming, crotch-dampening kiss that leaves me breathless. His hands cup the sides of my face as his head tilts and he slowly slides his tongue inside my mouth, sweeping it painfully slowly across. God, what he does to me. 
I'm about to fall under his spell when I catch myself, and inch my way down, kissing his chest, nipples, belly and pelvis. When I reach the hem of his underwear, I look up at him, kissing along his skin, when he wiggles his index finger at me, motioning for me to come back up to him. I slowly shake my head no, while trying for a look that conveys that I want to be so naughty, but I'm not sure if the message is received, since he forces himself to sit up, crunching his six pack abs in his wake, as he meets my gaze.
"What are you up to there, baby?" He asks, but the tone and expression tells me he knows exactly what I want to do to him. 
Lifting his underwear, exposing him, I kiss the head of his cock, and gently push him back down with the heel of my hand. "I want to please you." I whisper, sucking the head. 
"Mmmm?you always please me, baby."
I take his shaft into my hand and lick the sides of his dick, like it's a popsicle. "I want to finish you off this time."
He lets out a sexy chuckle and draws in a puff of air, taking in the sensation as I suck up the side of his cock. "I figure you're just drunk enough to let me do it."
Another puff of air. "Mmmm?I don't get why you're so hung up on that. I thought?mmmm?." As I suck his shaft. "I thought girls didn't like it when a guy?does that in their mouth."
"I just?want to hear you?" I trail off, taking him all the way down until he reaches the back of my throat. 
He exhales and hisses delightedly, as I suck his entire shaft up and down. "I get to a point when I can't stand it anymore and I want to touch you."
I suck him again and he grunts softly. "How about I tie you up then?" I suggest, half joking. 
He gives me that sexy puzzled look again. "You don't need to tie me up, baby. I'll let you have your fun." A pause. "But then I get to have mine." 
"You can do whatever you want to me, Daniel." 
"Mmmm?I'll hold you to that." He whispers as his rear end starts moving in time with me. We begin a slow rhythm at first, and then, as I reach to his nipple with my free hand, he starts to speed as soft mewls come from his throat. "Ohhh?babe?you're so good at that."  He whispers, stroking my hair with his hand. I can tell he wants to touch me, but he can't reach more than my arm, head and a small section of my butt. I almost feel guilty because I know what that does to him. Trying to make him come faster, I suck harder and deeper. He lets out a grunt/whisper, and lifts, reaching for my face. 
"I just?I have to kiss you, baby." He whispers and cups my face with his hands, kissing me deeply, lovingly. His tongue is so soft and warm I can't resist. Pulling me on top of him, he wraps his arms around me, and I have to chuckle. He knows why I'm laughing. "Yeah, you win, babe. I can't do it. I need to make love to you properly. Guess I'm too vanilla for what you want to do."
His hands are on my hips, making me melt the way he's gripping them, millimeters from his awaiting cock. His lips find mine as we play Russian roulette at the mouth of my folds. The friction against my clit is making me moan, spurring Daniel on. "You want to be a little daring, baby?" I ask against his lips. 
"More daring than a couple of minutes ago?"
I nod seductively as I lift my pelvis up and slide him inside me without a condom on him. His eyes close at the contact and his voice goes low with need. "Uh, that's really daring, babe." He throws in a little chuckle, trying to add mirth, but failing. 
I start to move, watching him watch me. "You want me to stop?" I ask with a tone that says I'm not stopping. 
"Shh?" he says, grabbing my hips, rocking his pelvis into mine, as if what we're doing is best left unsaid. 
"Tell me when you're going to come, okay?" I say to him. He nods, staring deep into my eyes as we make love to each other with such a deep intensity all I can hear is our ragged breathing in the silence. Then in one fell swoop, he turns me onto my back and drives into me, cupping my face with his hands, keeping his pelvis so close to mine I'm almost nailed down. The feeling is so deep and close, like he's drinking me in physically. It's so profound I feel like he's trying to tell me he loves me with every cell in his body. A lump is trying to form in my throat, but I shake it away, tightening for him, making him feel the same intense, strong waves of pleasure that I am. 
He wants to close his eyes, but it's like he doesn't want to miss anything. He's so into me and the tight bond we have at the moment. As a huge blast of pleasure nearly throws me over the edge, I close my eyes and lift my back off the bed as I feel Daniel's mouth on my breast.  I cry out his name as my orgasm almost splits me in two. He speeds but keeps his pelvis over mine, increasing the intensity.  Hitting me in all the right places. 
Then he quickly pulls out, breathless and leaning his forehead on mine.  His cock is solid as a rock and standing perfectly parallel to his body.  I can see it pulsing under the light shining in from the hallway. "God, Kayla, I can't hold on." He grunts, licking his lips.  
Winded, I rise and go to my knees as he lays on his back.  I'm half excited and half surprised that he's going to let me do this. His cock is so goddamn big and hard I'm turned on again, seconds after just coming. I waste no time stuffing him into my mouth, feeling him pulse under my touch. 
It's very heady knowing that he's seconds from coming. He's rocking his pelvis, hungry for release, almost suffering he's so desperate for it. He lets out a hard grunt. "Oh, God, Kayla?God, it's gonna happen." He says as he buckles upward slightly, and I feel and taste his seed rushing down my throat as I swallow as fast as I can. 
His breathing is ragged between delicious moans and sharp, inward breaths, as he empties into my mouth, tasting remotely sweet like the beer he was drinking earlier.  When his body finally stills, his chest is still heaving. I slow and stop as he lifts his hand to my shoulders, pulling me into him. 
Drawing in a cleansing breath, he kisses my head as my back is facing him. "Now I understand all the fuss."
"Yeah?" I giggle. 
"Yeah. That was phenomenal."
"Big words from a drunken man."
"Hell, if that doesn't sober you up, nothing will."
"You couldn't have gone that far drunk anyway, babe. You were just good and relaxed."
"Tell my brothers that."
"Yeah, are you sure you want me to explain?"
He kisses my head again. "Nix that."  
I turn over to face him. "So, do you think you'll let me do that again some time?" I can't hide the naughty smile.
He searches my eyes.  "Baby, you have my sole permission to do that any time you want to."
I lift a brow, "Really?"
He kisses my lips.  "As long as I get to do what I want to do to you too."
I lift a flattened hand to my forehead.  "Scout's Honor."
He sighs, wrapping his arms around me.  "My brothers liked you."
"I like them too."
"Are you excited to start school full-time?"
I draw in a deep breath and speak on exhale.  "You have no idea, Daniel."
A kiss.  "I think I do."
"Have I told you how awesome you are, babe?"
"You bring out the awesomeness in me, babe." He says, enveloping his lips over mine, making my toes tingle.  

Chapter 31
Daniel
The room is so packed I can't believe I can see my girl from afar, sitting alone, which makes me feel so guilty I almost can't stand it.  If it weren't for the big, sloppy smile on her face, I'd consider giving up my seat at the front.  Kayla is wearing a long red gown that goes to her ankles, and I'm in a black suit with a red cummerbund and boutonniere to match her dress.  She's so beautiful I can't take my eyes off her.  She looks like she's on fire, and she probably is, she's so proud of me.
After the fiasco with Greg, and me donating all the money to the AAFA, I've been invited to attend an awards ceremony.  Tonight, I'll be given an appreciation award for being an outstanding contributor last year.  Based on what the Board Chair of the foundation says, I am one of their top contributors of all time.  In total, I've donated close to fifty thousand dollars in one lump sum.  I'd have given more, but Kayla encouraged me to give to other charities as well, and I have.  If it weren't for her, I would have never come up with the idea to give. 
As I take the podium and give a brief speech, my girl sits down there, and through glassy, emotionally charged eyes, she watches me.  After the applause she rises, clapping her hands loudly, and then I join her at her table, not wanting to spend another second away from her.  The party starts and we dance together, first through some fast songs, and then, as the night winds down, they play slower ones.  Kayla's body is nestled against mine as we sway to the soft ballads.  
Our table clears around eleven o'clock, and some of the older guests start to mill out.  A candle is lit on our table, and the music has changed to more classic tunes as a late dessert is served.  Kayla rests her chin on her steepled fingers.  "So, are you excited about applying for your medical license next week?  You've waited so long."
"Not as excited as you are for finishing your first year in University." I point out.  "I knew you'd hit the dean's list, babe.  You're all brains."
I feel her toe slide up my pant leg, as a delicious grin appears on her face.  "Well, not all brains."
I chuckle, taking her toes in my hands and kneading them with my fingers.  "Yeah?I guess I'm excited.  My parents are ecstatic.  I didn't think they had it in them."
"Why not?" she asks, lifting her chin from her hands.  "It's not like your brother Christopher is going to make it out of medical school."
"If he can make it through his twenties without getting a girl pregnant, I'll consider it a successful mission." I knead her toes again, watching her eyes roll backward.  "Now, stop that, or I'll have to take you home and ravage you.  I'm having enough problems controlling myself with you in that dress."
"Me?" she gestures to herself.  "How about you in that tux?  Good lord!"
I smile and wink at her.  "God, Daniel.  That wink of yours.  What am I going to do with you?" she shakes her head slowly with a grin on her face.  "You wanna get outta here?" 
I smile at her, looking at the busboy passing by.  "Not yet."  He catches my glance and nods.  "So, Greg's rotting in hell for the next twenty-five to life." I say, changing the subject.
Her eyes bulge. "Are you serious?"
"Yeah.  I heard this morning.  Coupled with other charges, he got attempted murder and kidnapping added to his roster of dirty deeds.  He won't see the light of day for a while."
"Well, it sure took long enough, but evidently it was worth the wait." Kayla comments, impressed.
I release her foot.  "That's right.  Good things come to those who wait." 
This gets a smile.  "You're right."
A slow song comes on over the speakers, 'Take it to the Limit' by The Eagles, and I know it's one of Kayla's favorites.  "You want to dance?" I ask her, sticking my hand out for her to take.  
"I'd love to." She says, taking my hand.  We walk to the dance floor hand in hand and I give her a little spin before pulling her into my arms and slowly swaying with her to the music.  "You know?this is one of my favorite songs."
"I do know." I say, my tone matter-of-fact.  
"Do you know why?"
I do, but I play along.  "I'm sure you've told me before, but why don't you remind me."
"Because it was one of my mom's favorites, too." Kayla explains.  "The part where it says, 'if it all fell to pieces tomorrow, would you still be mine?' my mom used to always sing to me when I was little.  It reminds me of how we both stuck together, even though she was so sick, and it was just the two of us."
"And Nana Mary." I add.
"Well, Nana Mary preferred AC/DC?you know her.  Nana's always been a little rough around the edges."
I chuckle. "That she is."
Tipping her chin up to me, I see that her eyes are a little glassy.  I try to lighten the mood slightly. "Kayla, if it all fell to pieces tomorrow, would you still be mine?" I smile and it's contagious.  "I knew you would."
She bends upwards and kisses me chastely on the lips.  "Just think?soon I'll be able to call you 'doctor' Daniel." She wiggles her brows, emphasizing the title 'doctor'.  
Tilting my head, looking at the ceiling, I smile.  
"What?" she chuckles.  
"Ah, it's not everything, but I do like the sound of that."
"What do you mean it's not everything?  Jesus, Daniel.  You're going to be a doctor.  Give yourself some credit."
I lift a hand.  "No, it's not that at all."
"Well then, what is it?" her smile starts to fade slightly.
"It's just?I don't know?I want to be one other thing before I'm a doctor, I guess."
Her eyes bulge. "What?  A Nobel Prize winner?  An outstanding contributor for a major US charitable foundation?  A millionaire?  What?  You've already done two out of three of those things." She's totally teasing me and I'm playing along.  
Lowering my head, I kiss her lips once, twice, three times.  The song is winding down, but we continue dancing, as though oblivious.  Resting my forehead on hers, I divide my glance between both her eyes before answering.  "I want to be a husband."
At first, she looks confused.  "A hu-" she sucks in air quickly and I swallow, sliding my thumbs down her sides, still swaying to the music.  Her head pulls from mine as she looks at me blankly.  The busboy has cleared the area around us, and the music has stopped.  Pulling a box out of my suit jacket pocket, I bend down on one knee and hold the box out for her, lifting the lid.  
Her hands cup her cheeks as the tears start.  "Kayla, I may not have believed it then, but I know now that when I first met you, it was love at first sight.  I can't ever imagine myself with anyone else.  I love you more than I could spend forever expressing.  Will you make me a husband?  Will you be my wife?"
She's so emotional she's gasping for air.  I stand up and hold her in my arms.  "Breathe, baby, breathe." I chuckle, cupping her head against my chest.  When she manages a deep breath, I pull her face from my chest and search her eyes.  "Is there a yes in there for me somewhere?" 
A smile erupts from her lips as she nods.  I tip her chin up and kiss her, while the crowd starts whistling and wooting, and then they turn the music up again.  Pulling the ring from the box, I slip it on her finger.  She looks at it, noticing that it fits her finger perfectly.  "How did you...?"
"Your mom's ring.  I traced it months ago onto a piece of paper and took it to the jeweller." I point at my temple.
"Months ago?" she's stunned.  
"Baby, I told you.  I've loved you since the day I met you.  Time is a formality."
She shakes her head and smiles, snaking her arms around my neck.  Leaning in, she kisses me deeply, sliding her tongue inside, not caring about the audience whistling and cheering us on.  We stand there for a whole other song kissing, holding each other?well, basically making out, until I take her home and do all the other things I'd been dying to do to her since she slipped into that dress.

?and more.  Much more.

Chapter 32
Daniel
Kayla is admiring her engagement ring, as she peruses wedding magazines.  My mom brought them over for her, trying to hurry us along.  Mom is just dying for us to get married.  She didn't get a wedding when Mallorie had Henry, but she's bound and determined to make sure she gets one before Kayla and I start our family.  Dad is more sedate. He knows as sure as the nose on my face, that we'll do it.  I wouldn't have proposed to her if I had no intention of following through.  It's only been a few weeks, so we haven't set a concrete date yet.  We know it'll be some time during next summer, since both Kayla and I are still in school.
Mallorie is over, sitting with Kayla.  Henry is sleeping on a blanket on the floor.  While she was nursing him, he drifted off into a milk coma, giving Mallorie a decent chance to visit with us.  Brent, Henry's father, has made an honest attempt at being a father.  He and Mallorie bought a house together, and they've been living there since Henry was born.  Mallorie has been glowing with happiness ever since.  Whether it's because she's a mom or because of Brent's presence, or both, is hard to tell.  Either way, my sister is happy, and that's all that matters.
As I watch them gush over wedding dresses, I ask.  "Hey, Mal, you picture yourself in one of those?"
Placing her hand on her chest, she sighs.  "Oh, I'd love to." A smile.  "Some day."
Kayla intervenes.  "Do you and Brent ever talk about tying the knot?"
"We've discussed it casually once or twice, but nothing solid." She scrunches her face, as though it isn't that big of a deal.  "You should keep your voice down.  He's coming over soon."
"Oh?where is he?" I ask.  Mallorie told me that he had to work, which is why he wasn't joining her with us for dinner.  After leaving the military, Brent started working at his father's company as a salesman for high tech, specialized equipment for building commercial homes.
"He got some call and it took him forever to finish on the phone, and by then his dad had left a message saying that he didn't need him after all."
I shrug.  "Who called him?"
Mallorie rolls her eyes.  "Who knows?he's always getting calls from his old battalion.  Spends hours on the phone.  I swear he should get paid by the military still, with the amount of time he still spends coaching them."
"Is he being deployed again?"
Mallorie looks at me like I just shot her in the arm. "God, no!  He promised me that we wouldn't go back.  Now that Henry is here, we both need to be parents." She pauses as Kayla turns a page in the magazine.  "No, Brent just has ties with the military.  We promised each other that neither of us would go back for Henry's sake."
"What about you?  Have you ever thought about going back?" Kayla asks.
"Well, technically I still work for them, but no, I'm not being deployed anywhere for a very long time, if at all." Her words are firm, and then she softens, as she looks over at her little baby boy sound asleep on the floor.  "I couldn't do that to Henry.  Besides, God forbid, what would happen to this little man if anything were to happen to me or Brent?" she shudders.  "I just can't even think about it."
The girls sit and peruse the magazine, trading opinions, and I go into the kitchen to check on dinner.  While the girls chat, I put together a little snack platter for everybody, and I realize that the garbage needs to be emptied.  Pulling the bag out of the container, I tie it at the top and walk out into the garage.  The door was opened earlier when I watered the grass, and as I stand inside the garage, I see Brent standing out on the street.  He's outside the car, on his cell phone.  
Trying not to make it obvious that I'm eavesdropping, I start rearranging things, being extra quiet.  
"No, I need more time, sir." I hear him say, and it piques my interest.  Who is he talking to that he calls 'sir'?
"I?I can't do that yet, sir.  I promised my wife that I wouldn't."
Wife?  Mallorie's not his wife, but maybe he tells certain people that she is.  Some people label their significant other their wife even if there is no ring on the finger, maybe Brent is one of those.  But more importantly, what did he promise his wife that he wouldn't, that he's being asked to retract?
"That sounds very interesting, sir.  And I don't want to disappoint anyone, but I have certain?obligations." A pause.  "Give me a little more time."
It dawns on me that while in the military, almost everybody above you in rank is referred to as 'sir', and it occurs to me?is he thinking about going back to the military?  Mallorie will be crushed.  Henry is only a few months old, and they've only started their life together.  
"Yes, I'm sure that things will change soon, sir.  I'll be in touch." Brent says before hanging up.
I'll kill him.
Brent walks up the path, and I try to make up my mind as to whether or not I should say anything.  What first comes to mind is to threaten his manhood if he screws my sister over.  
"Hey man," Brent says when he sees me in the garage.
"Hey," I tip my chin towards him.  "Who were you?um?chatting with over there?"
He hesitates for a second, scratching his nose nervously, and I guess that he's trying to come up with the perfect lie, based on how much he thinks I overheard.
"An old friend from the military." He half-lies.
"You refer to all your military friends as 'sir'?"
He shakes his head.  "Damn.  I guess you did hear more than I thought."
I toss something in the garbage bin a little harder than I mean to. It lands with a deep thud, which is taken as passive-aggressive, I'm guessing, because Brent, who is of stealth physical stature, like me, takes a step back as though I may strike him.  
"You're not going to leave my sister high and dry with a three-month-old, are you?"
"I hadn't intended on it." he answers, but it sounds like the sentence isn't finished, so I stay silent, giving him breathing space to speak further.
After a beat, he says nothing.  I'm getting pissed off, since he isn't being adamant that no, he's not going back to the battleground.  "Look, not?five minutes ago, Mallorie said that you two made a pact to stay on U.S. soil."
"It wasn't her place to share that information." He says flatly.
"She didn't volunteer it, man."
"So then whoever asked should mind their own business."
"Are you calling my wife and I nosy?"
He lifts his arms defensively.  "Hey, look, I'm not here to cause problems.  This is between Mallorie and I, that's all I'm saying."
My volume rises a notch.  "Fine.  As long as you don't screw my sister over and leave her with the kid, we'll be fine.  If not, you'll have me and my three brothers to answer to."
He takes a step towards me.  "Are you threatening me?"
I set the rake down that I was holding and step towards him.  "What if I am?"
He searches my eyes but says nothing. He's almost close enough to feel his breath on my face, and I want so badly to shove him, but I know if we fight out here, the girls will come out and it won't be pretty.
"What goes on between Mallorie and I is our business."
"You leave my only sister, after making promises that you can't keep, it'll be up to the family to help her raise Henry, and then it's the family's business.  So, don't kid yourself, Brent."
He takes a step back, and I take it as an admission of guilt.  Dusting his pantleg even though there's nothing on his freshly pressed linen pants, he gives me a look that I can't decipher, and then he walks away.
"Yeah, that's what I thought."  I seethe under my breath.
If Brent does anything to hurt my only sister?he'll pay.





Crossing Oceans
Daniel's sister Mallorie, the only girl among the Lynch siblings, goes to Latvia with her best friend, Larissa, but it's not a vacation?suddenly, Mallorie is plopped into a country where she doesn't speak the language, and worse, she's on her own, while Larissa tends to family issues.  
Left to her own devices, Mallorie ventures into a gym, expecting to find a personal trainer?what she doesn't expect to find is a man that will change her life forever.  
When it comes time to go home, the parting from Aleks is painful to say the least.  Will their love be strong enough to cross oceans?  Join them in their journey, while Aleks and Mallorie figure that out?

A shallow Latvian gymnast. An ex-military single mom. A journey that alters more than passports.

After her long-time partner leaves to return to the battlefield, Mallorie is called on by a friend for a last-minute favor that proves unexpectedly pivotal. Mallorie lands on Russian soil, quickly learning that language is the last thing that she needs to concern herself with.

A high caliber gymnast has a shocking discovery that deems all women unfit henceforth. Crushed, Aleks throws himself into his work, beating his contenders in all matters competitive?until one female has the effect on him that no other woman has.

He cannot pronounce her name, yet their communication seems so natural from the start. Reserved, Aleks refuses to let Mallorie in on his past. With a surprise phone call and an unexpected twist, Aleks finds himself at the mercy of Mallorie's heart?and he can't get enough of hers.

Mallorie's return home is bittersweet. She's missed her son and family, but leaving Aleks was more painful than she thought possible. Figuring his life will go on without her, she isn't surprised when a familiar face lands on her doorstep?but it isn't Aleks's.

After a roller-coaster ride of emotions and an astonishing encounter, Mallorie realizes that Aleks has left more of an imprint on her life than she is ready to deal with?but how can they make their relationship work when they live in different countries? Is their love worth crossing oceans for?

A heart wrenching, exotic story about love at first sight and long-distance relationships that are meant to be. Get ready for an upheaval of feels! Fall in love with Aleks and Mallorie's touching story today! Pick up your copy today!
Smashwords


***See the end of this book for a FREE Sample of 'Crossing Oceans'***



The Ford Brothers Series

He's a heartbroken heartthrob.  She's a fugitive fiancé.  Sparks fly when Julia flees?into Colton.

Colton all but wears a sign that says 'No Women Allowed' after his failed marriage to Pam. Pam promised him the world but never delivered. It's no wonder when he meets the beautiful and intelligent Julia, he doesn't let his heart pave the way. Colton's love of his horse ranch, his students, his brothers and his money keep him happy. He doesn't need or want anything else. When Julia walks into his life, Colton decides it's best to proceed with caution, and the feeling is mutual.

John is sexy, successful and perfect fiancé material?when he's not controlling, delusional and downright creepy. But how do you dump a guy your loyal and loving father fixes you up with, without breaking two hearts? When Julia goes MIA to her estranged sister's place out of state, John goes ballistic. Especially when her sister works with dreamy-eyed Colton, and Julia finds herself spending a lot of time with them. But it's difficult to keep someone safe when you don't know they're in danger.

Gun-shy, self-protective, and hiding from the truth, Julia is in no position to open her heart to anyone. Particularly when she has to look over her shoulder for her stalker fiancé every step of the way. Fearful and scarred, Julia doesn't know what to do when her hormones wake up just at the sight of Colton. It seems no matter what door she opens, both the wolf and the sheep are there. When Julia's past finally catches up to her, John demands her to do the one thing she can't do?or die.
A sizzling, suspenseful, yet heart-warming steamy romance.  Pick up your copy today!
Smashwords

Kendra can't stand Wade.  The feeling is mutual.  Women are playthings to Wade?until someone changes the rules.

Wade is the only Ford boy who doesn't inherit his share of the Ford empire until certain conditions are met. He hated his father, was abandoned by his mother...and that's all made for one hell of a rebel.

He belts out lyrics like his life depends on it. But he's stuck playing at shabby bars in questionable towns until the band makes one dramatic change.

After failing the bar exam, Kendra MacGregor is stuck preparing pro bono cases for an unforgiving law firm. Her life is a pile of crap, and it seems to be getting worse by the minute. Just when she thinks it couldn't get any worse, the egomaniac musician she had a fight with during her best friend's bachelorette...is now her new client.

Wade and Kendra despise each other and it only gets worse. Until she discovers that Wade is being snowed over by someone he trusts...but how can she tell him when he can't stand her?

Criminals can smell the Ford family fortune from miles away, and it seems that no matter where Wade and his band play, he's always looking over his shoulder. But Wade isn't worried about material things, least of all money. Until thieves threaten to take something that's worth way more than money to him. Will the thugs finally get his attention?

Riveting, filled with angst and truck loads of passion, this book will make you want to throw away all your other conventional romance novels.  Pick up your copy today!
Smashwords


The ex-military pilot.  The bewitched single mother.  The plane crash that saves their lives.
Garrett Ford is the senior pilot for his dad's airline. When his father, Wren, dies unexpectedly, the Ford boys' lives are sent into a tailspin of angst. But Garrett never expects his life to change the way it did. And it all starts when he meets his father's ICU nurse. 
Nora is smart, strong, career-driven, and most of all, soul-crushingly beautiful. All the things that Garrett is looking for in a woman. Except for one thing that he can't change about her?and he doesn't realize it until it's too late. 
They fall hard and fast for each other, loving so deeply that they both get blindsided when tragedy hits and Nora is forced to choose between the one she loves more than life itself?and the one she can't seem to live without. Years later, after Nora learns the truth about what really happened, will Garrett still be there? Can a once all-consuming love survive such hurt, anguish and despair? Is it really possible to forgive and forget enough to move forward? 
Filled with unforgettable love and passion, Handle with Care is about second chances at love, and whether those are still possible. Grab a glass of wine and hang on tight! Pick up your copy today!
Smashwords


An underloved widower.  Her younger, sexy, CEO neighbor.  The move that changes more than her address?

A stranger helps save her husband's life one fateful night. Little does she know that months later that same stranger will save hers, too, in a completely different way. Amelia Price marries her high school sweetheart. He promises her the world, but his greed and selfishness overtakes him. Until one night when he nearly loses his life. You would think something so significant would change a man. But not every man is capable of change.

Dalton Ford is the CEO of the airline that his father once ran. He shares the responsibility of the airline with his four brothers. He never expects his life to change, but after helping to pull a man out of a wreckage during a powerful storm, it does, in ways he never dreamed. His life seems somehow twisted; something about his girlfriend doesn't seem right, and it's Amelia Price who opens his eyes to her strange behavior. 

Amelia and Dalton become fast friends, trusting each other not to blur the lines of their friendship. But then Dalton learns that Amelia needs him in ways that she doesn't even understand. Can he be there for her without altering their friendship? Can he help her see that her life hasn't turned out the way that it should?

A powerful story about ageless, classic love, Slippery When Wet is a proven testament that love can come in all forms, sometimes from people that we would never have imagined, and in ways that we would never have thought possible. Pick up your copy today!
Smashwords

A tarnished Russian genius.  A blinded CFO.  A shocking interview that opens more than Jack's eyes?

He's rugged, rebellious, stubborn, relentless with his work as CFO of the airline that he and his brothers run, and he's a genius. Jack Ford has thumbed his nose at his four brothers for falling in love and getting married seemingly at the drop of a hat, swearing that he'll never marry; that he's a born bachelor and that he intends to stay that way, putting his work front and center always. He's sworn that he won't catch the same marrying bug that has caught the other four siblings?until a sweet, troubled young Russian girl waltzes into his life?and her sister, too.

Kristina and Yolanda have seen their share of trouble. Being born in Russia and raised in more than one home, they've struggled in ways that most haven't. Still sharing a bed in their twenties, these girls have stuck together through thick and thin. Through the horror and life altering choices that they've had to make to stay alive, these sisters protect each other from everything, including those who have threatened to take what little they have together away.

So when Kristina meets Jack Ford, will her younger sister Yolanda let him get close to her, or will she protect her from the only person she has left in life? During an interview, in the five shocking minutes that he's alone with Kristina, Jack learns something horrifying about her that changes the way he looks at the young Russian girl, and women, forever.

He makes a choice and his brothers don't support what he wants to do and at times, Jack questions his own actions. Until one night when he has no choice in the matter and the tables turn?Jack needs Kristina's help. And she's the only one who can help him.

A powerful, unexpected, tumultuous love story that will heat up your ereader! Jack and Kristina's story is the final book in the Ford Brothers Series, and this series is going out with a bang! Pick up your copy today!
Smashwords


Extended Epilogue


Want to know what Daniel and Kayla are up to in five years?  Flash forward and check it out!  Find out in this FREE exclusive Extended Epilogue that's not available for purchase.  

To get your exclusive FREE Extended Epilogue, click here.

***Crossing Oceans - Sample***
ISBN 978-1-989427-26-2
ISBN 978-1-989427-27-9

Copyright © 2020 Sandra Alex
All rights reserved.

Chapter 1
Aleks
One Year Ago

She does not know, but I am watching her through the corner of my eye.  My younger brother Vlad sits next to me at the table, telling me something about this Russian model that he is obsessed with, but I am not listening.  Vlad has the attention span of a gnat.  Before I make an effort to listen to him, he is on to the next subject.  The woman I am watching is the love of my life.  Tall, blonde, legs that go on forever, eyes so blue I have to pull myself out of a trance half the time when I speak to her.  It has been like that since we met six months ago.  Yes, she is a model.  That drives Vlad nuts.  He has been trying to land a model for years.  I pick them up like candy from a baby.
Svetlana is the longest relationship I have ever had.  I normally get in and get out and move on, especially with my lifestyle.  I have never been ready to settle, but with Sveta, I am.  Vlad laughs when I tell him that.  But then he follows my gaze, noticing that I am watching my love like she is a precious gemstone.  He speaks in spotty English, trying to conceal our conversation.  The rest of the guests at our table only speak Russian.  "Sveta?will she set me up with her sister?" Vlad asks, wiggling his eyebrows, eying the two blondes walking to the ladies' room together.
Smirking, I say.  "You are not her type." 
Svetlana's sister Magdalena is not into overweight, overly-horny youngsters like Vladimir.  
"Why?" he pounds his chest playfully like an ape.  Vlad is hopelessly obese, never having seen the inside of a gym in the last ten years.  Although we were both raised to be gymnasts, I was the only sibling that took it seriously.  Vlad owns his own business, and he is a good man, but certainly not fitting for a woman of Magdalena's calibre.  
"No matter. She is seeing someone anyhow." I lie, cutting him some slack.  I do not have the heart to tell him the truth.
"I have not seen her with anyone.  She is not with anyone here." He argues, looking around, as if expecting to see some tall, dark, handsome man appear and attach himself to Magdalena.  
Just as I am about to answer, one of my colleagues walks into the restaurant and recognizes me right away.  It is not difficult, seeing as we are at a table with giant metallic balloons labeled 'Happy Birthday' on them, floating in the air.  The half-eaten cake is in the middle of the table, and my parents are sitting on either side of it.  My mama and papa are both wearing silly hats emblazoned with 'Happy Birthday' on them.  They are the only married people in our part of town in Riga that share the same birthday.  As a tradition, the restauranteur always offers them a free meal, and has for as long as I can remember.  From what I understand, my parents went to high school with the owner's father.  It would be an insult to not offer them something.
Marta, my colleague, waves at me from overhead.  She looks like she is trying to direct air traffic.  Feeling my cheeks heat, I wave back.  What is worse, is she is in her gym outfit.  Tights, a bright red spandex shirt, bright red running shoes to match, and her hair is pulled back in such a high pony tail that she is giving herself a facelift, she looks completely out of place in an establishment where we are all in dinner jackets.  
As she approaches me, I can feel Vlad sizing her up.  Elbowing him, I paste on a smile, hoping like hell that Svetlana and Magdalena do not return from the bathroom before she leaves.  Standing up, I give her a perfunctory smile.   Greeting me in English, she nods hello to everyone, and I gesture to her, explaining in Russian who she is and that I work with her.  Then she turns to me, sliding her glance down my outfit.  "You clean up nice, Aleks." She notes with a hint of?I am not sure.  Sveta has come to meet me at work many times, so she knows that I am taken.  I am sure it is not flirting.  
"Thank you.  What brings you here?"
"I am just getting takeout.  Me and the girls from the gym are hanging out at my place tonight."
I nod, mentally willing her to leave.  
"This is Alicija's favorite restaurant and it was her pick for tonight." Marta explains.  Alicija is another one of my colleagues.
Trying to look interested, I purse my lips together, just as I see Svetlana and her sister emerge from the washroom.  Marta sees her and sizes her up.  Svetlana is in a very sexy halter-style black dress with a slit up the side; something my mama did not approve of.  It was a gift from me.  Magdalena is in a blue dress, below the knee, with spaghetti straps.  Compared to Marta, both girls look like they just came off a runway.  Being an alpha female, Svetlana does not usually squander the opportunity to make another woman, especially one that I work with, feel out of place.  
"Aleks," she addresses me, but her eyes are on Marta.  "I do not believe you invited Marta to your parent's birthday party, did you?" there is an obvious edge in her tone.
"Relax, Sveta," I say, placing my hand gently on her waist.  "She is just here picking something up and came over to say hello."
Mama, who was conversing with one of my aunts, is now staring at us.  My mama, also an alpha female, does not get along with Svetlana, or any of the girls I have dated for that matter.  I can hear her cursing, gesturing in not-so-subtle ways, up and down, saying in Russian that Svetlana and her sister dress like they get paid to walk around looking like that.   But mama has it all wrong about Svetlana.  We have lasted six months, and what mama does not know is that Sveta and I are going to have a baby.  Or at least, we have been trying to.  Of course, mama would kill us both if she knew that we were trying without being married first.  Which is a cardinal rule in a Russian Orthodox family.  But the way Svetlana explained it, mama cannot argue if she is carrying her first grandchild.  
Yes, we have been talking about marriage, but Svetlana is not ready to settle down yet.  I am in love with kids; I coach them when I am not at the gym, and I would love to have my own.  Mama and papa would go nuts if I gave them their first grandchild, too.  The ring is already bought, which Svetlana does not know about.  Once she is pregnant, I will give it to her, and then she cannot say no.  Not that I believe she would if I proposed now, but I have to pace myself, just in case.  
Mama's searing gaze is on Svetlana, and Svetlana's got daggers in her eyes, piercing through Marta's.  Being the mature, well-bred girl Marta is, she holds her gaze on Svetlana.  "My friends are just waiting in the car."
"Then you should go join them." Svetlana says.  Her tone cutting.  "It is rude of you to interrupt Aleks's parent's birthday party."
A cold smile from Marta.  "On the contrary.  It would have been rude to not come over and say hello when I see a colleague.  I do have some class, Svetlana."
Looking over at mama, I see the ghost of a smile on her face.  Unlike papa, she can speak perfect English.  That is how I learned to master it, aside from what we are taught in school.
"If you had any class, you would have dressed more appropriately." Svetlana points out, looking Marta up and down.
"Girls, take it easy." I say, intervening.  Vladimir is watching like he is at a ping-pong match. He is probably two seconds away from offering to go get them a vat of mud so they can fight it out.
"No, it is fine, Aleks." Marta chuckles without a hint of mirth.
"Do not speak to him." Svetlana chides.
"I work with him.  It is allowed." Marta says flatly.
"Well, you are not at work now, are you?" another sizing up, "But you would not know, I suppose, in that outfit."
Marta smiles at her too sweetly.  "You are a piece of work." She shakes her head.  "I will see you on Monday, Aleks." She gestures over to mama and papa and says 'Happy Birthday' to them in Russian out of respect.  
I know better than to say anything to her other than to give her a nod.  Svetlana and her sister are both glaring at me.  Watching Marta go back to the hostess counter, I see her receive her items.  She says something to the host and stands by the counter.  
"Remind me to smack her the next time I see her poking at you at the gym." Svetlana murmurs under her breath, taking a seat beside me.  
"She does not poke me, we work together.  Sometimes I spot her." I clarify.  She just rolls her eyes at me.  Displeased, mama gives me the same look that she used to give me when I was a child if I was not using proper manners at the dinner table.  The only other woman that holds precedence over me is mama, so I rise to go over to her.  
In Russian, mama says that Svetlana is a disgrace to this family.  Pursing my lips together into an apologetic smile, I kiss mama's cheek.  As I am about to hug her politely, Marta approaches, carrying a paper take-out box.  She walks right up to mama and papa and hands them the box, explaining that it is two cupcakes for them in honor of their birthday, from her.  They both kiss her on either cheek in thanks and she reciprocates as Svetlana and Magdalena watch from a distance, with sour expressions.
When Marta walks away, she smiles at both girls, satisfied.  
Later, as Svetlana and I drive back to my place, the trip is very quiet.  The distance between us is palpable, and my knuckles are white as I grip the steering wheel.  Saying nothing, I drive home, and hope like hell that the matter will not be broached.  Two minutes from my house, just when I think it is free and clear, she starts.  
"She is trash, Aleks." Svetlana huffs.
I say nothing, knowing I will only be digging a hole.  It is best to let her go off on her rant, let her blow off steam, and then I can apologize for what happened tonight.
"I do not like it that you work with trash." She adds.
Never mind the trash that she works with.  The male models are never a worry, most of them are gay or so narcissistic that they consider a girl like Svetlana beneath them.  But the females are, for the most part, worse than Svetlana.  Of course, my lips are sealed, and I keep that to myself.  
"Can you not find somewhere else to work?" she barks.
"I have tenure there, Sveta." I explain, my voice soft.  "Plus, those are my clients.  If I leave, I lose them, and I have to start from scratch."  A pause.  "Besides, her son goes to the school, so I would see her there, too." She is not going to suggest I quit both my jobs, is she?
Her jaw drops.  "You never told me that, Aleks." 
I look over at her.  "What?  That she has a son, or that he goes to the gymnastics school?"
"Both!" she yells.  
"It has only been for a little while.  He is not in my class.  I figured it was not important." Svetlana is like this with every female I work with?or talk to?thank God I do not have any sisters.
"I do not like it?I do not like it one bit." She starts murmuring expletives in Russian, and I can feel a trickle of sweat rolling down my back, in between my shoulder blades.  As we pull up to my house, she exits the car, slamming the door in her wake.  The car tilts unnaturally to one side with the force.  Using her key to my house, she unlocks the door and enters, leaving the door open for me.  The moment I walk in, she closes it behind me, blocking me from moving. Her eyes are on me and we are nose-to-nose.  She says nothing as she pulls my suit jacket open, practically ripping it off me.
In seconds, we are like the Tazmanian Devil, as clothes are forced off, making a pile of garments on the floor of my foyer.  Svetlana claws at my naked chest with her overly long, manicured fingernails, wasting no time making marks, which pisses me off and it stings, too, but I do not say anything.  Her tongue finds its way to mine as she grasps the waistband of my underwear and tugs them down so forcefully that she rips them.  Her breathing is so heavy I can smell the wine that she had earlier.  
Reaching for her bra, I try to slow her down by pulling her close, but she pushes back, and tears it off, and then slides her underwear off.  Naked, we are still standing at the door.  My arms find her waist as I attempt to lift her. 
"No, I want to do it here." She pants, irritated.  
"What, against the door?" I ask in disbelief.
"What is the matter, Aleks?  Are you afraid to live on the edge?" she spits back teasingly.  
"No, I just figure it might be nicer to make love in bed.  More comfortable."  
"Well, you pissed me off tonight." She traces a finger over my ear, and down my jawline.  "So, this is the way I want to do it."
Shit.  "Are you sure?"
Nodding, she jumps up my body, being careful to land on my pelvis.  The door bangs as her knees make contact.  "You okay?"
"Oh, just quit being a pansy, Aleks, and take me." she demands, finding the head of my cock by lifting her ass up and impaling herself with me.  I am barely hard enough to enter her, but she forces it in.  As I go to turn around, she stops me by putting the heel of her hand against the door from behind my neck.  "No, I want you to be against the door."
"Fine." I grunt, feeling pissed right off.  Svetlana likes this rough sex thing, and I play along.  It is a huge turn-on for her, so I do not argue, but I do pull away from the door.  Thank God I am a gymnast and I have enough strength to hold two full-sized human bodies in my arms if I ever had the need.  As I pump her up and down, trying to find pleasure in her rhythm, I watch her face.  After only a minute or two of friction, I can tell that she is already on the edge.  Her head is rearing back as she rides me, lifting herself up and down, using my neck as leverage.  
Just as I am starting to get there, she grunts, cries out, and I feel her insides quiver.  Fuck.  When she is done, she stops moving and kisses me tenderly.  "That was nice, baby." She whispers.  
"Oh, yeah?you like that." I say, my voice salacious.  I start pumping her slowly, once twice, and she gives me a look.  "What is wrong?" I ask.
"Stop." She says, pulling herself off me.  
"What?um?Sveta, I did not finish." I point out, but I know it is futile. We both know I did not.
She chuckles, picking her clothes up off the floor, dressing herself.  My dick is already shriveling.  "Yeah, well, like I said. You pissed me off tonight."
"So?that is it?" I clarify.
"That is it." she practically laughs.  My blood starts to boil, but I bite my tongue.  Her double-handled purse is on the floor, and she picks it up, missing the second handle.  The zipper is half open from when she grabbed her keys to unlock the door.  As her purse contents tumble on to the floor, I see a circular plastic container fall out. I recognize what it is because one of my female colleagues once accidentally dumped her purse out in front of everyone, and she got made fun of because of the package of birth control pills that landed right next to a tampon.  
When I see the pills, I look at her.  She tries in vain to stuff them back in her purse without me noticing.  "What the hell are those?" I ask, waiting for the lie.  
"Mints." There it is.
"Like hell they are." I seethe.
Her eyes dart to mine.  "Do not talk like that to me." she barks.
"Then do not lie to me."  I look around for my underwear and pants and put them on, suddenly feeling very aware of the fact that my balls are hanging out?in more ways than one.  
"Who do you think you are, Aleks?" she asks, her voice is as cold as ice.  
"Your boyfriend, your lover?and the last time I looked, the man who you were trying to have a baby with." My arms cross over my chest.  She hates it when I do that, but I do it anyway.
"Well?maybe I do not want to have a baby anymore." She points out, chuckling, like it was a huge fucking joke to begin with.
"So, why did you not tell me?" my voice raises an octave.
"Are you?yelling at me?" her eyes are slits.
Never in my life have I ever wanted to slap a woman before.  My chest is heaving I am so angry.  As she waits for me to answer her, her toes are tapping defiantly on the ceramic tile floor.  The look on her face says that she does not give a damn about how upset I am.  The lie, the betrayal, means nothing compared to the fact that I am raising my voice at this spoiled, rude, selfish and overbearing princess.  Never hit a woman?never hit a woman.  "You come to my parent's birthday tonight, embarrass me, insult my parents and my friend, then you practically fucking rape me against my own fucking door, and now you are going to stand there and lie to me?  You are on the fucking pill, and who knows how long you have been on the pill without telling me.  What ever happened to honesty, Svetlana?" she hates it when I call her by her full name, too.  Sveta is the preferred short form.  
But I ignore that fact, because her eyes are wild with rage. I have never raised my voice or sworn in front of her before now.  Her fist balls up and she is about to punch me, when I stop her with my hand.  "That is it." I say, baring my teeth at her.  "Take your clothes, your purse, and whatever fucking shit you have left here and get the fuck out of my life!"   
Her chest is heaving now.  She pulls her dress up, stuffs her fake, oversized tits into her bra and pushes her feet into her six-inch heels before doing up her dress.  The smile on her face is so overly sweet it takes everything in my power not to smack it off.  "I was done with you two months ago, Aleks.  That is when I went on the pill?for my other boyfriend?who does not want little brats like you do." I make way for her so she can open the door and leave.  "Maybe the next woman you meet will not mind you being such a mama's boy." She spits before leaving.  
I watch her walk out to her car that was parked in my driveway since this afternoon.  As she peals out of my driveway, she flips me the bird, and I smile.  
As God is my witness, I will never date another woman again after that.  Even a year later, wild horses could not drive me to another woman.  And then I go, a year later, and do the stupidest thing I could ever do, and it changes my life forever.  

Chapter 2
Mallorie
Present Day

Brent looks at me and sees the longing look on my face as my sister-in-law, Kayla, holds her and my brother Daniel's first baby in her arms.  Sure, we have Henry, our six-year-old son, but I've longed to have another one for at least a few years.  Jealousy does not suit me well, but I can't help it.  Kayla and Daniel found each other, fell in love, got married, and while it took a number of years for them to have Mitchell-because my brother wanted to open up his medical practice first-they still have him, and my brother's been using the word 'kids' for a long time, so I know they'll have more.
The coming together of Brent and I was by no means romantic.  After my long-term boyfriend was unfaithful to me while I was away in Afghanistan, serving our country, Brent and I got together in a drunken stupor.  He was a sergeant and I was just a corporal.  Which is a huge taboo in the military caste system.  My military service was cut short during my pregnancy, and I haven't been back since.  Although Brent promises that we'll get married some day, and we'll have more kids together, it hasn't happened.  As I said before, Henry is six.  I keep telling myself that it will happen, but the more days that pass the more the hope fades.  
Since Brent's last mission finished, he's been working for his dad's company.  They manufacture and sell specialized household construction equipment.  It's great money, so great that Brent has insisted that I stay home with Henry, even though he's in the first grade now.  I've done a little freelance work from home for the military, but it doesn't pay much, and it's painfully boring.  Thank goodness I come from a good family, with many in the medical field, so money has never been an issue for us.  
Kayla hands me two-week-old Mitchell and I cuddle him close, looking at his huge blue eyes and chubby cheeks.  He's perfect.  He never cries.  Just like Henry when he was that size.  When he started walking, Brent would hold his hand and he was so patient with him, walking up and down the streets in our neighborhood.  He was so proud.  As Henry started talking, Brent would help him learn to read and write.  Hours he spent, day in and day out, working with our son, until his grammar and comprehension level was way beyond that expected of a Kindergartener.  When he started school, it was a breeze for him.
Now that Henry is getting older, Brent shows him how to do minor repairs, and he's coached him on how to ride a bike and play baseball.  A notably supportive father, Brent has been there for Henry since the day he was born.  When I hand Brent the baby, he takes him and gushes over him just like I did.  A feeling of hope bubbles up inside me.  Sitting with the baby, seemingly adoring him, Brent admires him for more than a half an hour before he starts to fuss.  
"He's hungry." Kayla says gently, cradling his tiny head in her hand as she grasps his bottom and pulls his infant body towards her.  My heart melts at the ghost of a frown that shows on Brent's face.
"You two ever think about having another one?" Daniel asks, elbowing me.
"I'd love to have another one.  How about you, honey?" I ask as Henry hovers over Kayla while she nurses.
He sighs and tilts his head.  "Some day, yeah."
"Well, Henry's at the perfect age to be a great big brother." Kayla supplies as the baby suckles her happily.  
"He is." Brent agrees, but the unsure edge is evident in his voice.  Henry loses interest and walks over to the television.
"C'mon, honey.  Remember how sweet Henry was when he was a baby?" I coax.  That gets a warm smile but no further comment.
"You better hurry up, man.  I know my sister here doesn't wait around forever."
Looking at Brent, I watch his warm smile slip a notch.  "Yeah, I know that.  But things are a little?uncertain right now."
Now my smile slips.  "What do you mean?"
He tilts his head again in that way that tells me there is a lot to his story.  "Well, my brother wants to work for my dad's company." 
Brent has a much younger half-brother from his dad's second marriage, who just graduated from college.
"And there isn't a spot for him right now."
"Is your dad going to retire?" I ask, growing concerned.
Brent waves.  "Na.  My dad's not ready to retire. Not by a longshot."
"So, what's the deal then?  Is your dad going to expand?" Daniel asks.
A resigned sigh from Brent. "He's working towards it, yes.  But?I've decided to take a step back from the company for a while."
My face falls.  "What?  W?what are you going to do?"  I pause.  "Do you want me to go back to work?because I can do that."
Lifting a hand, Brent silences me.  "That's not necessary, honey."
"Okay," I say, puzzled.
"Commander Edwards called me a couple of weeks ago." Brent announces, bringing up the name of the head of his former Battalion when he served.
"Oh yeah?" Daniel says, interested.  Daniel served for a number of years as well, before he and Kayla met.  "What did he have to say?"
"There's a mission coming up in a few weeks.  Right up my alley." He names the mission and explains its purpose, highlighting that it's a similar mission to the one that he and I were serving from back before Henry was born.  
"But?" I interrupt, and he looks at me, knowing full well that this is the deal we agreed on when Brent came back to be a part of mine and Henry's life.  At first, when I was dismissed from the service during my pregnancy, Brent fazed himself out of my life, even after promising to be a father to the baby when it was born.  I wouldn't forgive him, and I told him that he wasn't welcome to see the baby unless we had some ground rules.  We would both be good parents to Henry, and neither of us would join a mission again, for the foreseeable future.  
Up until now, nothing has been discussed since then.  "I know what you're going to say, Mallorie, but I've been thinking about it and I think this matter is worth discussing."
"So, are you thinking about going back?" Daniel probes.
"Daniel, if you didn't have pride in your job, do you think you could be a good father to little Mitchell here?" Brent asks.
"Well, I don't know.  I'm a doctor and Kayla's a registered dietician, so I guess we both have pretty commendable jobs."
"But if you were a grocery store clerk or a banker, or a goddamn tool salesman, you probably wouldn't be such a proud parent, would you?" Brent says, making it sound like he runs a child trafficking ring.
Daniel looks like Brent just asked him how big his balls are. "Um?I don't know.  I suppose not."
Becoming more upset by the second, I glance over at Henry, and see that he is deeply enthralled in a cartoon that Kayla put on for him earlier, she even gave him a set of headphones, which he is now using.  Bless her.  "So, what are you saying, Brent?  Are you going against your word?  Are you heading back to Afghanistan?"
"Mallorie, I can't keep doing this.  I'm?a goddamn salesman.  It's demeaning.  I'm a military Sergeant, goddammit!" he slams his fist against the wall, reminding me of the passion in him that once drove me to him, which is now backfiring in my face.  
"But you're also an excellent father, Brent! How long are you going to be gone?"
"I haven't made my decision yet." Brent lies.
"Bullshit!" I seethe.  "How long?"
"A year?two, maybe." He admits. His expression is so solid I have to look away.
"So me sacrificing my military career was all for naught then." I admit.  "Or any career for that matter." I look at him.  "Since you insisted that I stay home with Henry, I don't even have a career, thanks to you."
"Hey, I never told you to stay home." Another lie.  
 "Like hell you didn't!"  I spit.  "If that were the case, I would have gone back to work two years ago, when Henry started school!"
"And what would you have done, huh?  Go back to the military?" Brent points out with scathing directness.
"So, it's okay for you, but not for me?" I point out.  Kayla switches sides so the baby is suckling the opposite breast.  Daniel watches her with an adoration that makes me ache.  You would think that my younger brother or his wife would be uncomfortable with us having this argument in front of them, and in their house, no less.  But that's not how us Lynches work. We were raised in a home where we said what we meant, and we always told the truth about how we felt.  There was never any shame in that, and we were all a passionate bunch.  We still are, and that's half the reason why I was so drawn to Brent: because he mirrored my passion.
"Mallorie, with all due respect, you were a corporal."  Brent says fairly.
"Yeah, but who knows what rank I would have now if I hadn't given it up."
Glossing over my response, Brent looks at me.  "Look, I never said I made up my mind."
"It sure sounds that way to me." I say, feeling my heart pound with anger.  
Two weeks later, as I watch Brent slide into his military uniform, I see Henry walk into the bedroom, beaming at his father in his freshly dry-cleaned suit, loaded with military badges and pins, and I take in Brent's face as he picks our boy up and holds him in his arms for the last time before leaving.  "You take care of your mother, okay?  You're the man of the house now."
"Okay, daddy." He says.  "Can I come with you?"
"No, daddy's got to go on his own this time.  Maybe when you grow older you can come and join the army, just like daddy did.  You'd love it, son.  You get to see the world, you get to defend the country, and you get to meet all kinds of wonderful people."
"Do you get a gun, daddy?"
"Yes, you do.  And they teach you how to shoot it, too." He licks his lips.  "I tell you what.  How about when I come home next time, I'll teach you how to shoot?"
Henry nods emphatically, and Brent smiles.  "Okay, partner.  That sounds like a plan.  "I have to go now, okay?  But daddy loves you like crazy, okay?"
"I love you too, daddy." Henry says.  Neither of them sheds any tears.  Both Brent and Henry have emotions of steel.  I'm pretty up there, too.  As he sets Henry back down on the floor, Henry runs for his radio-controlled car in the hallway, something Brent bought him for his birthday.  He loves it and constantly plays with it.  
"I'll see you, buddy." Brent says as he walks down the stairs with his suitcase in hand.  It's almost like I'm invisible.
"You sure I can't give you a ride to the airport?" I offer.
"No, hon.  I've got a cab coming.  Should be here any minute."
"Okay." I say, looking at the floor.  He tips my chin upward with his hand.
"Hey,"
I look at him.
"I don't know how long I'm going to be gone." He says soberly.  "Let's call this what it is?a break." 
My eyes search his.  "What are you talking about?"
"I don't want you to sit around waiting for me, Mallorie."
"What does that mean?" I'm insulted that he's even insinuating this.
"Mallorie, you know we were never meant to be together." He explains softly.  "You and I?we got together for all the wrong reasons."
"But I thought we stayed together for the right reasons."
He shakes his head, looking me straight in the eye, as my heart breaks in two.  "I don't think so." He whispers.  "And I don't think it's fair for us to keep going on like we'll be together forever.  I'm leaving, and I don't know when I'm coming back."
"But?what about Henry?"
"I'll always be his dad, Mallorie.  I'll write to him and we'll talk over the phone, and I'll come visit him when I come home. I'll still be there for him."
"You just don't want to be with me." I clarify.
He sighs, letting go of my chin.  "Don't make this harder than it has to be."
"Fine." I say, swallowing back the tears.  "Go. But just remember that I love you.  Whether or not you love me.  Whether or not you love your son.  I love you."
He lifts a defensive finger.  "Now hold on a minute.  I love my son.  You just heard it yourself." He gestures with his eyes towards Henry, who is upstairs, running his car up and down the hallway, squealing with joy as his car plows into the wall and crashes into the baseboards.  
"But you don't love me, do you?" I say as though it's a rhetorical question.  "Tell me something; how can you live with someone for five years without loving them?  Was I just a roommate to you?  Is that all I ever was?"
We hear a car pull up and honk its horn.  "Look, Mallorie. I tried to make it work.  I gave it six years.  I went to work with my dad every day for five goddamn years, selling parts, working my ass off doing something I hated, came home and tried to be a good dad to Henry, but I?I just can't do it anymore." He glances out the door and motions to the cab driver that he'll be one minute.  "I gotta go."
"Sure." I sniff.  He pulls me close and hugs me, even though I fight him at first.
"Mallorie, I'm sorry.  I'm sorry to have to do this to you.  But you're a great mother.  You've dedicated every minute of your life to him since the day he was born, and I know that you never regretted it."  He grips me tighter, and then pulls back.  "I do love you." He says softly.  "But it's not enough." he kisses me on the lips so passionately that I think he's going to make love to me right against the door.  His tongue dips in slowly yet vigorously, and when he's done it leaves me breathless.  Another one of the reasons why I fell for him.  
His lips find mine once more before he says goodbye.  My eyes are red with unshed tears.  Part of me wants to hit him, part of me wants to beg him to stay, and part of me wants to tell him to never come back.  But the only part of me that I actually listen to is the one that says when one door closes, another one opens.  
Little did I know that the door would open the next time my phone rang.

Chapter 3
Aleks
Egor stands above me, spotting me as I bench press nearly double my weight.  Feeling the veins in my neck bulge, I grunt, placing the barbell back in the cradle.  "You want to spot me now?" Egor asks.  
"Sure," I say as I rise and wipe the sweat off my brow.  At the end of each day, we normally do a workout, and depending on who is left, we practice different things.  Trading places with Egor, I lift my head and see some of my medals that I have earned over the years.  There are so many of them, I have to split them between the gym, the gymnastics school where I teach, and home.  Mama even has some from when I was a boy still at my childhood home.  
The certificates I keep in an acid-free photo album at home, just in case I ever have to use them for reference when signing up for competitions.  I have competed in so many events I have lost count.  Most of them I have won, some of them I have won first place.  Thankfully, none of my colleagues ever draw attention to them, because I was bullied a lot for it when I was younger.  Until I grew to be this size, that is. Then it seemed like they left me alone.  The scars never go away though.  
As a young child in present day Riga, Latvia, both males and females are trained heavily in gymnastics as part of the school curriculum.  Learning to speak, read and write English, Latvian and Russian is also part of the curriculum. Most kids tend to let their English fall by the wayside, and stick mostly to Latvian or Russian, or both national languages, but mama is an English teacher, hence, the language has remained strong in me.  What has also remained strong in me, and is stronger than ever, is the sport of gymnastics.  
Training six days a week for as long as I can remember, I have accomplished a lot in my thirty-five years.  From national gymnastics and pole sport championships, nationwide fitness championships, even fitness modelling, I have done it all.  It is what I do.  It is what I feel passion for.  It is what I love.  I also love to coach and train children, and share my passion with boys that remind me of me when I was that age.  Working hard and training hard is in my blood.  A typical day for me lasts at least sixteen hours, as I coach early in the day, and train at the gym during the latter part of the day and into the evening.  After that is my personal training time, where I prepare myself for the next challenge, and I am always training for something.  
"Two or three hundred?" I clarify with Egor.  
"Just leave it the same." He says, pulling the metal bar that I was using a moment ago slowly down to his chest and back up.  Egor is larger than me, but he is training to be a bodybuilder.  That is something I strive for, but my body is too lean for that, and I have more flexibility and agility than hard core muscle.  Shirts never fit properly in the shoulder and bicep area due to my girth, but unless I use steroids or some other artificial means, my body mass will never match Egor's, and I am fine with that, even though he likes to get a rise out of me every now and then.  It is okay though, since we have been friends for many years, and I know he is joking.  
After ten repetitions, Egor's chest is heaving.  "You had enough, buddy?" I ask.
"Yeah," he pants, using all his strength to push the barbell back on the cradle.  I help him so he does not crush his own chest.  
"Why do you not stay at five?" I ask, noting my limit.
"Please," he says facetiously.  Sometimes his ego does not suit him.  "Your sister could press that." He teases.
"I do not have a sister." I point out, teasingly offering him a hand to get up.  He slaps it away and gives my hair a tousle when he rises.  
"You want to do another round of 'Summer Fit' teams?" he asks, referring to the program we just offered for the first time, where we worked with several clients, all striving to meet their fitness goals by summer, so each could have the perfect bathing suit body.  
"I think I will sit this one out." I say.  "We did not have enough staff to cover clients who are off the street.  I would rather do one-on-one that way."  I pause.  "Alicja and Marta would be up for it though."
"Fair enough." Egor says.  "This has nothing to do with that chick who was flirting with you, would it?"
One of the 'Summer Fit' ladies could not keep her hands off me.  Touching me every chance she had.  It pissed me off.
"She was fucking hot." Egor points out.
"If you liked her so much, why did you not ask her out?"
"I thought you liked her.  She is so your type being a model and fucking drop-dead gorgeous.  And you have not dated anyone since Svetlana?like?a year ago, so I figured I would leave her alone for you."
"Thanks, but do not do me any favors." I say, trying to keep the edge out of my voice that seems to involuntarily present itself whenever my ex-girlfriend's name is mentioned.  "And, no, it does not have anything to do with her.  I just like doing one-on-one better than coaching as a team."
"Must be the teacher in you.  Probably get it from your mama." He teases.
"I probably get it from the gymnastics school, dickwad." I spit back.  "I am a teacher, after all."
"So is your mama." He teases.  If it were anyone other than him or my brother Vladimir, I would have told him where to go, but I bite my tongue.  He knows he has hit a nerve, so he pats my shoulder and walks over to the barbells by the wall.  The gym is very large.  We are in the largest room, which houses a host of equipment, including all the weights.  We also have a set of fitness rooms, where we have different specialized classes like cardio and yoga, and we have a room for special equipment like a yoga swing, poles and other aerial equipment.  Our gym is one of the most popular and holds the most accolades in Riga.  We are a chain, with other locations in Latvia and in other parts of Russia.  
As Egor picks up two of the heaviest weights, we hear Alicija and Marta giggling as they walk down the hallway from the yoga room, where they held a class earlier tonight.  Both girls are in yoga pants and shirts, with zippered sweaters.  Marta has a towel across her shoulders, which she is using to mop the sides of her temples, while Alicija is adjusting her long ponytail.  
"You ladies done for the night?" Egor asks, grunting as he pulls two barbells towards his chest and back.
"Yes.  Thank God." Marta answers.  "Now I understand the fuss with Hot Yoga." She says as she continues to wipe her face with the towel.
"Oh, you girls were doing that tonight?  How did you manage that?" I ask with interest.
"Did you not know that Pavlov had the handyman adjust the thermostat so that room is independent of the others?" Marta says.
"And we had him install special seals on the windows and door." Alicija adds.
"But do not think we did not open them when it was over." Marta barks, which gets a smile out of Alicija and Egor.  
Egor addresses the girls.  "I hear you are up for the 'Summer Fit' program again." 
Marta shrugs.  "Sure." 
Alicija nods and then looks at me.  "What about you, Aleks?"
"He is going to do one-on-one." Egor supplies before it is out of my mouth, something annoying that he does often.  I get it that we are like brothers, but even though he is bigger than me, I am older than him.  
"Okay," Marta says, and then she takes a step towards me and gives me a quick hug and pecks me on both my cheeks as I reciprocate politely.  "See you in the morning." 
Alicija does the same to Egor and then moves on to me.  "How is Timur?" she asks, referring to Marta's son, who in the last year, has come under my wing at the gymnastics school.  He has a lot of talent, but his motivation is lacking, something I have not figured out how to tell Marta.
"Good." I say and leave it at that.  
 The girls do not probe.  "Okay, goodnight."  They wave.
When they leave, Egor grabs a mat and sits on the floor, doing curls.  I join him.  "How come you never went for Marta?" Egor asks me.
"I could ask you the same question."
"Is it because you only date models?" Egor probes, hitting a nerve in me.  
"I do not date anyone?anymore." 
"Your dick is going to start to shrivel soon if you do not get out once in a while." Egor says, pissing me off.  He misses jibing me about dating models.
"Mind your own business." I say, cutting him off.
"I can fix you up."
"I am not looking." 
"Man, she really fucked you up." He states.  "Remember the good old days? When we used to pound the chicks almost weekly?  Man, we could both pick them up like twigs."
"This is way more about you than me, man, because it was never about competing for me." 
"Bullshit." He motions to my medals.  "You are all about competition."
A 'v' forms between my eyebrows.  "You are an asshole.  I have never seen women as competition.  Maybe you have."  I point to my temple.  "Maybe all those steroids are finally starting to get to your head." I say, knowing that I have crossed a line, just like he has.  
"You would know." He grunts as he gets up, only finishing half his curls.  I have pissed him off, and part of me is glad.  I have had enough of him for one night.  Suddenly, as much as my brother Vladimir is a pain in the ass, I would gladly be hanging out with him instead of Egor.  "And by the way, the only reason why I never went for Marta, is because I do not go after women that I work with." 
"Anymore." I add, recalling Marija, a wonderful, sweet girl who used to work here.  Egor slept with her and then strung her along, like the typical guy.  She quit a month later.
"At least I bagged her, man." He says.
I try to keep my voice casual, but I cannot hide the snide tone.  "Yeah?  How is that working out for you."
"You know?you really do need to get laid.  You are edgy as hell." He says, walking over to the other workout room to avoid me, which I am totally fine with.  
Maybe Svetlana did ruin me for other women.  But after what she put me through, who can blame me.  Egor has never known what a long-term relationship is, so he would not understand.  Like my brother, Vladimir, Egor has had longer relationships with a carton of milk.  Luckily, Egor does not usually press me about my personal life, so I do not know what spurred him on tonight.  This is the first time he has mentioned anything since Svetlana and I broke up.  I have heard through mutual friends that she has been with this guy and that guy, but I do not care.  As long as she is not with me anymore.
I hear him come back into the room.  "Look," he says, walking towards me. With a heavy sigh, he sits next to me like he was a minute or so ago.  "I do not mean to bust your chops."
"Fine." I nod.
"It is just?" another sigh as he stares off towards the other side of the room, as if trying to figure out a way to tell me something.  "Man, this is hard."
"Just spit it out, man." I guffaw.  "There is obviously something on your mind.  You do not usually go out of your way to piss me off like you have tonight."
He shakes his head as if ashamed.  "Fuck, man.  Svetlana's pregnant." He blurts.  Did I mention that Egor is one of our mutual friends?  "You are going to find out some time and I would rather you hear it from me."
"Was it an accident?" It must have been.  She was hell bent on not having any kids with me like she promised.  I heard once that she admitted that the only reason why she did not want kids was because pregnancy would ruin her body.  
"I do not know, but I think he is going to propose.  His buddy told me that he has already bought the ring."
I have one if he wants it.  Still did not take it back to the jeweller.  Not that I am not over her, or anything like that.  I just?cannot touch it.  It makes my skin crawl.  I have considered giving it to Vlad so he can do the deed for me, but it is not important enough to me to bring it up.  The thing can rot in my nightstand until kingdom come for all I care.  
"Are you okay, man?" Egor asks, patting me on the leg.
"I am fine." I say honestly.  "I do not really care, actually." I never told anyone what really happened with me and Svetlana.  And it seems to me that she did not, either.  
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah," I nod.
"I just figured?you know?that you were like?waiting for her or something.  That is why you have not seen anyone since her.  I figured you fell hard for her."
"I did." I explain.  "But I was over her the night we broke up." Which is the truth.  
"So?you not seeing any other girl?what is that about?"
I scoff.  "You ever heard of taking a break?  I mean, you do not know what went on between us."
"True.  And I know that she can be a real pill."
"That is putting it mildly."
"So she really just wrecked you then?  You are not waiting for her to come back?"
"Hell no." I say pointedly.
Trouble is, which is worse?  
I'll find out soon enough?

Chapter 4
Mallorie
Watching my mother play with Henry always makes me smile.  Watching my dad with Henry is even better.  Dad had a stroke a long time ago, that all but broke him, but you would never know it today.  For that matter, mom had a nervous breakdown after dad's stroke, and again, you would never know it.  Both have made a full recovery since Henry's birth.  I never knew grandparents could love their grandchild so much.  But they do.  Always begging me to leave him with them, and prolonging visits, plus he has more stuff here than at home.  He could easily live with them.  With Mitchell, they have a crib for him, even though he's only a few weeks old.  I just know they'll make one of the other bedrooms into a nursery for him, too.
Telling my parents about me and Brent is going to be one of the hardest things I'll have to do.  They're old-fashioned people, and they want what's best for Henry.  Being a single mother is not what's best, at least, that will be their view.  They don't even know that Brent is gone yet.  I have a bad habit of leaving things until the last minute.  Kind of like how I came home from the military, eight months pregnant.  My mom knew but my dad didn't.  Then I thought it would be a disaster, but my dad was so excited he didn't care about the drama behind how his future grandchild was conceived.  My only hope is that they'll both be as supportive when I tell them the truth this time.
Pulling one of the DVDs out of the case for Henry to watch, I coax him over to the television and give him the bright yellow earbuds my parents bought him recently.  When he starts watching the video and his attention is no longer on mom and dad, I start.  "Mom, dad.  I've got some news."
They exchange a glance, but judging by their facial expressions, they know this isn't good news.  "Brent is gone back to the military.  He left yesterday."
"What?" mom gasps.  "But?for how long?"
"I don't know, exactly.  He said it could be a year or two."
"What about Henry?" dad asks, looking at my son, who is smiling at the television.
"He'll be fine, dad.  Brent explained it to him.  He said goodbye properly.   He said he'd keep in touch."
After a beat, my mom looks at me and purses her lips.  "I always knew he would go, sweetheart."
"Yeah, well, that wasn't the deal, and he knew it." I said.
"Men like that aren't cut out for domestic life, love." Dad points out. 
"What about you?  And Daniel?" I argue.
"We're doctors, love.  It's different." He explains gently.  "Sure, we had to go through all the basic training, and we had to learn how to fight, but when it came down to it, we're doctors.  Brent, he belongs on the battlefield, just like you did."
"There was a time when I belonged there." I look at Henry.  "But not anymore.  I just?I don't think I have it in me anymore."
"Do you want to go back, too?" mom asks.
"I did.  Badly.  But once my maternal instincts kicked in, and Brent promised me a family, that all seemed to fade away."
"And now?" dad asks.
"Now?I don't know what I want."
"You do." Dad says, nodding.  "You know what you want, dear." A pause.  "But it's gone now, and that dream won't be back for two years."
"Longer than that, dad." I point out.  "It's gone for good.  Brent ended things with me."
"I knew that wasn't the whole story." Mom says, just as my phone rings.  It's my friend Larissa, who I met in high school.  I haven't spoken with her in a couple of days.  She doesn't know about Brent, either.
"It's Larissa." I say, pulling my phone out so she can see the display.  Mom smiles.  She adores her.  Larissa is the only friend who encouraged me to follow my dreams and go into the military.  She's been very supportive and was even my Lamaze coach in Brent's place when he couldn't decide whether or not he wanted to be a father.  She was there in the room when Henry was born, and has been his honorary aunt since his birth.  "Hey, girl.  How's it going?"
"Hey, shit just hit the fan.  Where are you?"
"At my parent's place."
"Can I pop over?  They're gonna love to hear this, too."
"Sure." I say.
"Be there in five." She says and hangs up.
"It seems that my life isn't the only one that's in shambles." I explain.  "She's on her way over.  She says, and I quote, 'shit has hit the fan'."
"That's Larissa." Mom chuckles.  Dad goes over to Henry and sits next to him on the floor.  It amazes me how far my dad has come.  A few years ago, he couldn't walk or get up without help, now, he's crouched on the floor, unassisted, sitting like an Indian, next to his grandson.  It warms my heart.
Two minutes later, Larissa welcomes herself as always, into my parent's house.  She's done that since day one and my mom can't get enough of it.  She's like a member of the family.  When she arrives, she hugs my mom and kisses her on each cheek, the European way, and then she bends down on one knee to do the same to both my dad and to Henry.  Like a true young boy, Henry immediately wipes the spots where she kissed him with the backs of his hands, making my dad laugh out loud.  
"So what shit hit the fan?" I ask as my mother goes into the kitchen to make tea.  
"I'm getting married next year, right?" she asks as if I don't know?like I'm not the Maid of Honor.  I just nod and wait.
"So the church that we're getting married in won't accept my confirmation papers from my parents because the priest who originally performed the confirmation is dead, and his signature is all faded so you can't even see it." She explains.  "To them it's like I was never confirmed, and therefore I'm not true Russian Orthodox."
"Why can't you get married in another church?" I ask.
"Because this is the one that Abel was Christened in, and his grandmother, who is on her death bed, according to my future mother-in-law, by the way, and probably won't even live long enough to see us get married, will not give us her blessing unless we get married there."
"And you can't get married in the church that you were baptized and confirmed in?" mom asks, bringing us tea.  She sets them on the coffee table and takes a seat beside me on the couch.  Larissa is sitting in the armchair on the opposite side of the couch.  
"Like I said, his grandmother insists that we get married in this church." Larissa repeats.
"What if you tell her the situation?" I ask.
"She's a ninety-five-year old Russian Orthodox woman, who speaks no English, and was raised by nuns.  If anything, she'll side with the other priest and deem me not fit to marry her grandson."
Mom shrugs.  "Get married after she dies." 
I elbow mom and her mouth quirks into a smile.  Larissa catches the smile and mirrors it.  "I wish I could.  But her mama lived to see one-hundred and three."
"So, what are you going to do?" I prompt.
Larissa sighs and shrugs.  "The only thing I can do?I have to go to Latvia and get confirmed at the church we're getting married in.  My parents and my grandmother are already there for the summer, and most of Abel's family lives there, so?most of the problem is solved."
I frown.  "So?there you go."
"I said?most?of the problem." Larissa points out.
"And?what's the other problem?" I coax.
"Abel's grandmother knows my other bridesmaids and the wedding party."
"She should.  They're all family members." I say.
"Exactly." She leans towards me and places her hand on mine.  "But she hasn't met you yet."
"Oh," I'm confused.  "So, she'll meet me at the wedding.  And I'll be there a couple of days beforehand.  Plenty of time."
"She says she wants to meet you now.  Like?when I go get confirmed."
My mouth opens wide.  "Are you saying that you want me to hop on a plane and go with you to Russia?"
Her palms come together as though in prayer.  "Please?I'll even pay for the whole thing?tickets, expenses?you name it.  Please, Mallorie.  I really need to get this behind me.  You're my best friend and this woman is going to be the death of me.  I really need your help."
Larissa has no idea that my life was just turned upside down, too.  "Larissa, I can't.  You don't understand." I pause, her palms are still clasped together.  "Shit hit the fan in my life, too.  Brent left me to go back to the military."
Larissa's eyes widen.  "What?" her hands now cup her mouth and nose.  "Oh my God!  What an asshole!" she hisses, eyes sliding over to Henry.
"I guess you can call him that." I shrug.  "But that being said, I can't just leave Henry?now that his dad is gone."
Mom glances at Henry.  "Mallorie, he's fine.  I mean, how long would you be gone, anyway?" her gaze goes to Larissa.
"Two?three weeks tops." She lifts a hand, nodding.  "The priest has a schedule planned out for me.  I have to go through the whole process like a twelve-year-old would, but he's condensed it to two weeks versus four months."
"Can't I just go and meet Abel's grandmother and then come home?" I say, shaking my head.
"You're my Maid of Honor, Mal.  You can't just show up, shake her hand, and leave.  She knows we've been best friends since high school."
"But she doesn't even speak English." I guffaw.  "How am I going to do more than that?"
"We all speak Russian and English, Mal.  And believe me, being around people that speak Russian that much you'll be picking it up yourself when we're not translating for you.  I'll even teach you some." There is a notable smile on her face, like I've just erased all the stress in her life.  Too bad she can't do the same for me.  
"It'll do you good to get away for a bit, Mallorie." Mom points out, and dad gives the thumbs up from beside Henry.  Anything to spend more time with their grandson.  
"And I suppose you'll watch Henry for me?" I say, as if this is more a favor for them than for me.  
"Of course." Mom says.  "When was the last time you went away?  Gosh, you used to travel the world in the military.  You haven't been anywhere since then."
"You've never been to Russia." Larissa says, lifting a finger at me, satisfied.  "And this will be all expenses paid, too. Plus, this will actually be a vacation, not the military."
I pause for a moment in thought.  "Where would we stay?"
"My parents are down there early this year for the summer to help plan the wedding.  We can stay with them."  When Larissa's grandmother died, she left the house to the family.  Larissa's parents have spent summers there for as long as I can remember.  "We'll also stay some with Abel's parents and his grandmother.  We'll probably split the time."
"What if I don't want to stay there?  What if I'd rather stay in a hotel?" I challenge.
"We can do that, too.  But if you want to please Abel's babushka, you'll stay with the family."
"Because that's what I live for.  To please Abel's babushka."
Despite the facetiousness in my tone and the eye roll, Larissa smiles, giving me a playful shove.  "So you'll come with me?" she nods encouragingly.  Her brown eyes are shaped like dinner plates.  
"Fine.  But you're buying me a serious internet package so I can at least video chat with Henry every day." I lift a finger at her.
She frowns as if that is no problem.  "Done."

Chapter 5
Aleks
Lifting the small, five-year-old boy onto the gymnastic rings, I can feel his mother's eyes on me.  Bogdan has been my student for over a year, and he is a prize student.  With the right encouragement and training, this boy can go far.  However, telling his mama that was clearly a mistake.  In some instances, the parents sometimes become more motivated than the students, making it more of a control measure, causing the student to feel too much pressure, and it often turns the child away.  I have seen it too many times.  But it is also against my moral rules to lie to parents.  Bogdan's mama asked me outright if her boy has above-average promise, and he does.  
Watching his lifts, turns and curls on the rings makes me smile.  His little body is not strong enough yet to avoid shaking while he is upside-down on the rings, but that will come with better balance and strength, something he will get with practice.  Bogdan's papa is not a proponent to the gymnastics school, and I know that, because he has never come to any of the practices or to Bogdan's first competition a month ago, for that matter.  This happens often as well.  My papa was so proud of me when I won my first competition, he carried me out of the hall on his shoulders.  
As Bogdan finishes his routine, his mama is respectful and stays in the allocated place for parents; off to the side of the gymnasium, while the children wait in a small grouping, sitting cross-legged on the floor.  This understanding, of course, was arrived at after one of the other gymnastics coaches had to basically scold Ms. Smirnova for hovering over Bogdan and I, and then interrupting me for feedback, when I should have been moving on to the next student.  After my failed attempt to ask her politely to have a seat with the other parents, the other teacher stepped in. 
Six other students practiced their routine before taking a break.  The rest of my class, the seven to nine-year-olds, are working on the barre, and as I walk over to observe, Ms. Smirnova is in my wake.  She does not even bother to address me by name, she just starts.  "Bogdan is so shaky on the rings." She says in Russian, speaking as though the boy broke his arm during the routine.  "What are you going to do about that?"
"He will get more strength with practice." I say simply, slowing to a respectful pace so that I can respond.  "In a couple of weeks, you will not notice."
"Does he need to lift weights?  Take more protein?" she asks, almost in a panic.
"No, not at all.  He is still new at this.  He has only been on the rings for a few weeks. He will be fine." I explain, "I must go." I say, hoping that she will take the hint.  She sees Anna, the teacher who admonished her the last time she berated me, and she turns back.  Anna looks at me with a wink and I nod my thanks.  Anna approaches me as I reach the barre.
"She keeps this up you may have to dismiss Bogdan.  She is disrupting the whole gymnasium." Anna says.  
"She is not that bad."
"Only because I said something to her.  And clearly, she only listens if I am here.  She does not listen to you, Aleks."  She lifts her hand.  "Look at the looks on the other parent's faces."
"I know." This is something I am used to.  I see all the extremes.  Although this woman is slightly more adamant than others, she is not the worst I have seen.  "It will be fine.  She backed off."
A ten-year-old boy jumps on the balance beam and almost loses his balance immediately.  I catch him and help him recover.  "I need to focus." I say to Anna, as she waits to comment further.
"Okay, Aleks.  But if this become a problem, you need to address it." There is a slight edge to her voice, and I know that Anna has more tenure than I do here, and therefore she does not hesitate to use her muscle with the director of the school, so I nod my understanding.  
When class ends, Marta approaches me.  "Timur did well today." She says, patting me on the back.  
"Yes, he did." I smile, thankful that she is not a power-mama like some of the others.  
"Can I do something to help him improve?" she asks as we approach my small office.  
"Just keep bringing him here." I say, opening my office door.  The ten by ten room contains only a small desk and a computer.  There are some clippings and photos of my prize students achieving various goals, whether it be championships, challenges, awards, etc., and my certificate that designates me fit to coach children in the capacity that I do is mixed in with the others.  
Marta looks at me, pausing, as I sit at my desk and boot up my computer, so I can make notes from the lesson today.  "Egor said you two had a fight last night after we left the gym."
Why would he tell her that?  Sometimes Egor is worse than a woman with his drama.  "We worked through it, too.  Did he tell you that?"
"He said your ex-girlfriend is pregnant." She looks at me speculatively.
"I have not seen or spoken to her in a year, since we broke up, if that is what you are wondering.  It is not my child."
Why does she even care?
"I did not take you for that type, Aleks." She says, and I detect a note of relief in her tone.  
"Timur should be dressed by now." I say, prompting her to leave.  Frankly, this conversation makes me uncomfortable.  
Just as she says that, another mama approaches.  
"I will see you later, Aleks." Marta says, but she avoids giving me her usual goodbye with the peck on the cheeks, as the woman stands there, looking at me expectantly.  
I nod Marta a goodbye.  "Please.  Come in." I say in Russian to the woman standing at my office door.  The woman is Ms. Kovac, the mother of Alexei, one of my eldest students.  Alexei is nearly twelve, and they just moved here from Prague, where he studied gymnastics since he was four years old.  I gesture for her to sit at the lone guest chair beside my desk.
"No, that is okay.  Alexei is dressed.  He is just talking with some friends.  I will not take more than a minute of your time."  Her Russian is thick.  She probably does not speak a word of English.  Ms. Kovac is tall and beautiful; the typical Russian girl with blonde hair and blue eyes.  She is dressed to kill, too, and part of me wonders if she is a model.
"That is okay.  I am finished for the day." At this job, anyway.  I am due at the gym in an hour.
"Do you mind if I close the door?" she asks.  Nobody ever requests that the door be closed unless there is something terribly wrong.  Once, I was asked to close the door because the mama had to let me know that there was domestic abuse in the home, which is why the boy was riddled with bruises?also why he could not wear the assigned, sleeveless uniform, for at least a couple of weeks, until he healed.  A note of concern passes over my face as I tell her to go ahead.  I immediately take on a stance that she has my full attention; knees parted, elbows resting on the knees, full eye contact.  
"What can I help you with?" I ask in the gentlest tone I can manage.
She takes a seat in the guest chair.  "This is kind of awkward." 
Placing my hand on hers, I say.  "It is okay.  Take your time."
Surprising me, her hand turns over, and takes mine.  She slides a finger down the inside of my palm, making me feel very exposed. Leaning back a notch, I widen the gap between us.  
"I was wondering?Aleks?" her eyes search mine as she skates her fingers up and down my hand, making me very uncomfortable.  This is totally against school protocol, but suddenly I am torn between my morals and the fact that I am going to have to flat-out reject her if she makes any more physical moves towards me.  Also, the door is closed.  If the director were to walk in right now, I would be fired on the spot.  Nothing is worth that.  
Rising quickly, I rake a hand through my hair and clear my throat.  
"I was wondering if you would like to go out to dinner with me sometime." She blurts.  
"I am sorry, but I cannot." I pause.  "It is against policy."
"Well, what if Alexei did not come here anymore." She says, somewhat snidely.
"That is your choice, but no.  I still cannot." 
"Why not?  If Alexei is no longer a student?what is stopping you?" she is pissed off and I am nervous, so I open the door.
"Because I am not interested in a relationship right now." I say flatly.  "But thank you for offering.  I am flattered."
"Are you gay?" she asks boldly.  I have been asked this many times before.  I am very used to it.
"No, I am not."  I leave it at that.  
"You are not married." She confirms, as if I have already told her this.  
I shake my head no.  
Rising, she comes closer to me.  I want to dart out of there so fast, but it feels like my feet are bolted to the floor.  I hear voices coming down the hallway, and she closes the gap between us, shutting the door behind me.  "I think you and I would be good together." She says, pinning me against the door, sliding her finger down the side of my face.  Her expensive perfume is wafting up my nose, and her fake eyelashes are fluttering at me.  With her artificial breasts pressed up against me, it reminds me too much of my last night with Svetlana, and I force my way out of her grip.  
"That may be so, but I am sorry.  I am not interested."
I should be given a medal for this.  She is totally my type; beautiful, rich, model-like or maybe she is a model, I do not know.  Normally, I would have taken the bait and gone out with her, but not this time.  It has been a long time since a student's mama has thrown themselves at me.  But, somehow, it is not long enough.  
"You must be gay." She scoffs, fluffing her hair. 
"Like I said, I am not.  I just?had a really bad breakup." I throw her a bone.  
She chuckles with a flirtatious tone.  "Well, that is my specialty."  My comment seems to spur her on.  Taking a step towards me, she wraps her arms around my neck, but I immediately pull them off me and take a step back.  
"Look, I am sorry, but this is never going to work." I say flatly, feeling that all-too-familiar nervous bead of sweat trailing down between my shoulder blades.  "I must go.  I have to go to my other job now."
"Fine." She says with a shrug.  "I'll see you tomorrow." 
I watch her leave, and she gives me a once-over, giving a last-ditch attempt to seduce me.  I simply pinch my lips together into a tight smile.  She walks away, swaying her rear end in an obvious manner as she makes her way down the hall.  As soon as she is out of sight, I notice that my breathing is hitched and not only is my back soaked, but my armpits are, too.  A bead of sweat is trickling down either side of my face, and I mop it off with the back of my hand. There is an extra shirt in a bag of clean clothes I keep hung on the wall.  Fishing out a clean shirt, I close the door, and this time I lock it.  As I change, I feel my breathing return to normal.  
That was too close for comfort.  Egor was right.  Svetlana ruined me.  I am practically having an anxiety attack after a beautiful Russian girl threw herself at me.  I could have fucked her on the spot or within the hour if I wanted to.  ?But I did not.  
?Will I ever be comfortable enough to be with a woman again?

Smashwords
Did you enjoy this book?  You can make a big difference.

Do you know what the difference between an author that sells a few copies of their book a month and a New York Times bestselling author is?

The answer is clear and simple:  REVIEWS

Don't believe me?

Take a look at any NYT bestselling author and a regular author (like me) and see the difference in the number of reviews.

The fact is clear:  reviews lead to sales.  Sales lead to bestseller charts.

One other simple fact is that many advertisers won't look at a book unless it has a minimum of 50 book reviews.

That's where you come in.  I need your help.

Honest reviews of my books help bring them to the attention of other readers.  

If you've enjoyed this book, I would be very grateful if you could spend just five minutes leaving a review (it can be as short as a like).

Thanks very much,

Sandy

Here is a link to leave your review on Smashwords

Author's Note

Thanks so much for reading Crossing Boundaries.   I'm so excited about writing a new series!    

Want to know when I have a new release?  Sign up here for new release updates.  

Link to my website.

See me on Twitter
See me on Facebook
See me on BookBub

?or drop me a line via email.

Thanks so much for your support!

~Sandra
