Crusader
By Cyndi Friberg

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

Copyright © 2015 Cyndi Friberg
Cover art by Dar Albert
Editor: Mary Moran

Electronic Book Publication, May 2015
Trade Paperback Publication, May 2015

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Praise for Beyond Ontariese

Taken by Storm
“Taken by Storm had it all—tense action, suspense, erotic sex, humor and a wildly imaginative plot.”
~The Romance Studio

“Unplug the phone and put the kids to bed; once you start reading Taken by Storm you won’t want any interruptions!”
~Fallen Angel Reviews

“For a story that will delight, entertain, and keep you on the edge of your seat, I highly recommend Taken by Storm and award it RRT’s Perfect 10.”
~Romance Reviews Today


Operation Hydra
“I highly recommend Operation Hydra…it’s one of the best science fiction romances I’ve ever read. Perfect 10!”
~Romance Reviews Today

“Outstanding! This segment only whetted my appetite for more. The heat between Kyrsta and Trey could cause a nuclear meltdown.”
~Simply Romance Reviews


City of Tears
“WOW! City of Tears by Cyndi Friberg is one amazing blend of science fiction at its best and romance at its hottest…”
~eCata Reviews

Crusader
Cyndi Friberg

Battle Born, Book One: Ashley comes home after a long day and finds a spaceman searching her apartment. Before she can call for help, or run like hell, the intruder stabs her and leaves her for dead.

Desperate for freedom, Bandar, a battle born soldier, travels to Earth. His mission: find Daniel Kane, brilliant geneticist. It’s believed that Daniel can unleash the magic locked inside the battle born. Bandar’s search leads to Daniel’s daughter, Ashley, just in time to save her life. Bandar is so captivated by the fragile human that his need to protect and possess her threatens his mission.

Ashley awakens miraculously healed and filled with questions. Bandar is gorgeous and heroic, but she doesn’t believe a word he says. This isn’t the first time she’s run across aliens and now she knows it won’t be the last. She agrees to help him unravel the secrets surrounding her father’s work. Ashley has always believed her father was murdered and now she has a chance to learn the truth. But it’s hard to trust Bandar when the brush of his fingers makes her entire body tingle. Their volatile attraction could fulfill her wildest fantasies or open the door for planetary invasion.

Chapter One

Shifting her satchel higher onto her shoulder, Ashley Kane hurried along the uneven sidewalk lining one of Tribeca’s narrow streets. Her last appointment had gone well. She was relatively sure it would result in a new account. Still, she was tired and the five blocks from the subway station to her apartment building had never seemed so long. Her phone vibrated in the front pocket of her purse and she grumbled under her breath, praying one of her high-maintenance customers wasn’t in need of attention. Who was she kidding? She provided private consultations for pets with emotional challenges. All of her customers were high maintenance. Only high-maintenance people could afford her services.
Her best friend’s image smiled at her from the phone’s screen, so she accepted the call. “Raina. You’re a welcome surprise. What’s up?”
“I’ve been funded through next year.” Pride and enthusiasm shone through in Raina’s tone and Ashley found herself smiling despite her aching feet.
“That’s wonderful.” The strained economy in recent years had made grant money harder and harder to secure. But Raina was persistent and her work in experimental agriculture was important. “Does this secure both projects or are they making you choose between your two babies?”
“This will give me a greenhouse for the super grains, but I still need supporters if I’m going to continue the hydroponics project.”
Ashley held her phone in place with her shoulder as she dug out her keycard. “Is that a concern? Isn’t this year five for the hydroponics project? You haven’t had a problem yet.”
“That in itself is the problem. I can’t keep tapping the same sources indefinitely, especially without quantifiable results.”
“You’ll think of something. You always do.” She punched in the security code that unlocked the lobby door then summoned the private elevator with her keycard. Like most of the residential units in Tribeca, this building had once been a warehouse. Then a developer separated the space into four modest apartments and her luxurious, multi-level loft. “My phone cuts out in the elevator. Give me a minute and I’ll call you back.”
“I’m on my way out the door. Call me tomorrow and I’ll give you the details. I just had to tell someone tonight.”
“Will do and congratulations. I know how hard you work for every dollar.” As expected, her phone lost signal as soon as she stepped into the elevator. She slipped the phone back into her purse as the elevator door slid closed. She’d met Raina at Georgetown University and they’d been close ever since. Raina still lived near DC while Ashley had moved back to Manhattan, but they visited as often as their busy schedules allowed.
It was only two stories up to the main floor of her loft, but the elevator was ancient. She usually took the stairs. Today, however, her aching feet wouldn’t submit to the climb. Thursdays were always busy because she tried to leave Fridays open for last-minute complications and emergency appointments. Emergencies. The thought made her smile. None of her appointments were true emergencies. Her clients just expected immediate attention regardless of how insignificant the snag.
The elevator door slid open and she walked out into the entryway, which was basically one corner of her living room. She kicked off her shoes as she reached the carpeting and let the heavy satchel slip from her shoulder. The first chair she passed caught her purse. Generally she was a neat freak. Everything had a place and everything needed to be in its place. Today the only place she wanted to be was sprawled across her couch until she could summon enough energy to undress and go to bed.
She turned toward the waiting comfort of her plush sofa and a long, strong arm wrapped around her waist. Fear burst through her rambling thoughts and jolted her composure. She inhaled a massive breath, meaning to scream, but a hand clamped down across her nose and mouth. The meaty paw blocked most of her airflow as well as trapping the half-formed sound. Her assailant was either male or the biggest woman she’d ever encountered. She stomped down on his instep, but her shoeless foot did no real damage. Slamming her elbow into his ribs only made him tighten the arm already crushing her ribs.
Forcing herself to think through the roaring in her ears, she stilled. If his purpose was robbery, cooperation was a much better strategy. He could take whatever he wanted if he got the hell out and left her unharmed. His hand eased enough to let her breathe and she instinctively started to scream. His hand tightened again, the message clear. Don’t make a sound.
He pushed her deeper into the room, guiding her with his big body. She caught an occasional glimpse of dark clothing, but nothing of the man himself. Until they reached the sofa. Without conscious thought, she looked into the mirror hanging above the couch and a fresh wave of terror crashed over her.
He was even bigger than he felt. Her head tucked neatly under his chin and his brawny arms made her look petite, a novel perspective for a woman who topped five foot nine. Every inch of his body was covered by a matte-black uniform, but his head was bare. His dark hair was short yet wavy, and aggression revealed itself in each of his sharp features. As if sensing her stare, he turned his head and their gazes locked in the mirror.
Reality narrowed until all Ashley could see was his blue-ringed eyes. This couldn’t be happening. She’d spent years in therapy convincing herself that eyes like his didn’t exist, that they were the tormented imaginings of a betrayed adolescent. Her body tensed, hindering their progress. The rings ignited, making his dark eyes glow and communicating his displeasure.
After muttering something she didn’t understand, he shoved her sideways and pulled a weapon from his belt. She stumbled, arms flailing as the true scope of her peril came into terrifying focus. She’d seen his face. Any hope she’d had of surviving this situation died with that unfortunate glance.
She caught her balance and charged past him, trying to stay out of reach. Light glinted off the blade clasped securely in his hand. He lunged, the knife slicing into her forearm. Pain shot all the way to her shoulder and she cried out, but didn’t pause. Blood surged through her ears and her only thought was escape. His other hand fisted the back of her shirt, halting her frantic retreat. She screamed, twisting and tugging at the material biting into her neck.
He stabbed three times with a sharp upward motion. Agony sank deeper with each stroke of his blade. She tried to inhale, but her side exploded with searing pain. Her vision blurred and the roaring in her ears grew louder. She couldn’t scream, could barely breathe much less move. Her knees buckled and tears streamed from her eyes. She clasped her side, vaguely registering the warmth of blood flowing over her fingers. She wasn’t even thirty. Was this really how she died?
The question echoed through her fear-muddled brain as a shimmer drew her attention away from her attacker. A second figure, nearly as large as the first, flashed into view. This one was dressed in a uniform similar to her attacker’s except his head was covered by a black helmet with a smoked visor.
Her attacker literally growled as he turned to face the newcomer. Through a haze of fear and pain, she watched the blade in his hand lengthen and curve. One moment he held a compact dagger and the next an ornate scimitar. She was hallucinating, likely from loss of blood. She pressed both hands against her side and fought back the encroaching darkness.
Her attacker swung his sword at the newcomer’s head, but the newcomer easily dodged the blow. Then the newcomer reached for the knife at his side, but as he pulled it free from its sheath, the blade grew longer and wider until he held a mighty claymore. More hallucinations.
She dismissed the impossible image and looked past the combatants at the entryway and elevator. The men were focused on each other as their swords clashed and swung. She cringed each time metal struck metal, but this was likely her last chance. Pressing her side tightly with one hand, she crawled across the floor. Pain flared with each movement and blood trailing in her wake. It didn’t matter. She couldn’t let it matter. She had to escape.
Light flashed in her peripheral vision and she instinctively looked back. The newcomer stood in the middle of her living room alone, blood smeared along the blade of his sword. He wiped the blood on his pant leg then returned the weapon to its sheath. The transformation instantaneously reversed, allowing him to more easily secure the weapon at his side.
“How badly are you hurt?” His deep, oddly accented voice was muffled by the visor. He motioned to the red smears on the carpet. “Is all of that your blood?”
She stared up at him in terror, trembling uncontrollably. “Just leave.” Her voice sounded weak and pathetic rather than commanding as she’d intended. He stalked toward her and she scrambled backward until a wall pressed against her spine. “Please, just go!”
Ignoring her protests, he leaned down and lifted her shirt, looked at the wounds in her side. “If I leave you here, you’ll die within minutes. Is that really what you want?”
Her hands were numb and each breath filled her chest with fire. He was right. Even if she found her phone and stayed conscious long enough to summon help, she would be dead before the authorities arrived. Raising her bloody hand toward the stranger, she whispered, “Help me,” and then surrendered to oblivion.

Bandar Nox bent to one knee as he scooped up the human female. He’d arrived on Earth three weeks before and faced one complication after another. Why should today be any different? He activated communications with a precise mental pulse. “Medical emergency. Stream me to the infirmary.”
He was about to repeat the directive when a familiar tingling erupted all over his body. Only the newest Rodyte ships were equipped with bio-streaming technology. Luckily for this female, the Crusader was brand new. Even though he’d been streamed numerous times in the past few weeks, the disorienting rush left him breathless and unsteady. He shifted the female higher into his arms as he materialized in the middle of the infirmary.
“Put her there.” Doctor Irron motioned toward one of twelve treatment stations lining the perimeter wall of the circular room. “How was she injured?”
“I didn’t see it happen, but the assailant was holding a bloody flexblade when I arrived.” Bandar moved to the treatment station and carefully placed her on the narrow surface. Then he removed his helmet and set it aside. Her hair flowed across the table in golden waves, her features pale and tense. He could still remember the terrified flash of her bright green eyes and the way her full lips trembled as she asked him for help. She was tall for a human, her body well-formed and appealingly curved.
Irron took his place on the other side of the table and activated the diagnostic scanners. Concentration narrowed his green eyes, a gift from his human mother. His glossy black hair and angular features revealed his Rodyte heritage. “The laceration on her arm is minor, but her right lung is severely damaged. It will require regeneration. Fortunately, he missed her liver.” He looked at Bandar and motioned toward the door. “She’ll be fine. The commander is waiting for an update.”
Bandar lingered a moment longer. She looked helpless, so vulnerable. Instinct demanded that he stay and protect her even though the imminent danger had passed.
“Go.” The doctor waved him onward. “The commander is waiting.”
Bandar nodded, not sure why he was so reluctant to leave. He didn’t even know the female’s name. “I’ll return shortly.”
“Regeneration will take at least an hour. There’s plenty of time.” A knowing smile curved Irron’s mouth as Bandar finally stepped away from the treatment table.
The Crusader was a mid-size fighter, fast, agile, and well-armed. However, its state-of-the-art shields were the reason it had been chosen for this recon mission. All Rodyte ships were undetectable to human technology. The Crusader’s covert field generator made it impossible to track, even for other ships from their star system.
Keyran Tarr was in the command center with the other bridge officers. Bandar had known Keyran since childhood and considered him both friend and mentor. Ironically, this was the first mission they’d embarked on together. “Commander,” he greeted for the benefit of the crewmembers. Bandar was on special assignment, so he wasn’t technically part of the crew. In private he called Keyran by name. Still, he didn’t want to seem insubordinate. Besides, Bandar had spent so many years as Keyran’s student, taking orders from him felt natural. “Irron said you wanted to speak with me.”
“Surely that doesn’t surprise you.” Keyran deactivated the holodisplay in front of him and stood. His movements were sharp and impatient though his expression remained calm. With short gray hair and a penetrating gaze, he looked very much the seasoned war dog centuries of conflict had made him. “What in hells rings happened down there? Who is Irron working on and why was it necessary to bring him or her aboard my ship?”
“Her?” Sental, the chief navigator, muttered with a dreamy smile. “It’s been sixteen months since I touched a real female.”
“Yeah, well, you’ve logged so many hours in the simulator the damn thing has taken on the shape of your ass,” one of the other officers jibed. “You’ll get no sympathy from me.”
Keyran ignored the exchange and moved closer to Bandar. “Report.” Command snapped through the word. It was obvious Keyran wasn’t in the mood for playful banter.
“My shadow was there again.” This was the third time the mysterious soldier had disrupted Bandar’s mission. The stranger was either following Bandar or had similar objectives. “I think the female surprised him and he attacked her to avoid unwanted attention.”
“How badly was she injured?” Compassion crept into his tone and softened his gaze. Keyran was a bonafide hard ass, but he had a soft spot for females.
“Irron said all she needs is an hour in the regen unit.”
Keyran nodded, his expression unchanging. “Do you know who she is? The loft is owned by Daniel Kane and records indicate he ended the union with his mate three years ago.”
An odd tension gripped Bandar’s chest. He didn’t want to imagine the lovely blonde in the arms of some old man. In fact, he didn’t want to picture her with anyone else. “This female is too young to be his mate, more likely his daughter.”
“Wealthy humans have been known to attract much younger mates,” Keyran reminded then waved away the topic. “Regardless, she needs to be questioned. Was she unconscious when you brought her aboard?”
“Yes, but human medicine is archaic. She’ll want to know how her injuries disappeared.” She’d also seen him materialize out of nowhere and watched his flexblade transform. He had no idea what conclusion she’d draw from those clues, so he didn’t volunteer the information.
“What about your shadow? Will he return?”
“Likely.”
“I’ll post guards until you can get back down there, but this is your mission. We have our own objectives. Return the woman while she’s still unconscious. Search the place thoroughly before she wakes up then tell her you work for the US Government. Humans accept all sorts of inconsistencies when their government is involved. If all else fails, tell her the truth. It’s unlikely she’ll believe you anyway.”
Bandar nodded. Spending more time with the female shouldn’t be enough to excite him. He was to question, not seduce her. So why was his heartbeat racing and his armor suddenly too tight? Like Sental, it had been endless months since Bandar had been with a female. The battle born were often chosen for long-term deployments. They were expected to obey without question or complaint, regardless of the hardship or danger.
Battle born. Those two words had shaped his past and overshadowed his future for longer than he could remember. He couldn’t change the circumstances of his birth, but he now had hope that a better life could be secured for himself and the other battle born sons. In fact, establishing a brighter future was what brought him to Earth. He just hadn’t expected a simple recon mission to be quite so challenging.
He returned to the infirmary and found Irron seated at one of the workstations in the center of the immaculate room. The treatment table on which the human had rested was now empty. “Where is she?”
Irron motioned over his shoulder without turning around. “Regen bay two. Her vital signs are strong and she’s healing well. She should be mobile in less than an hour.” He glanced up then. “You are taking her back, aren’t you? It would be much too disruptive to keep her aboard.”
“Commander Tarr agrees with you. I’m to return her to her apartment as soon as she’s restored to health.”
“I’ll com you when she’s ready or you can pull up a chair and watch the progress, just don’t expect me to entertain you.” He flashed a smile then turned back to his display before Bandar could reply.
Bandar walked into the adjacent room and stood beside the regen unit transfixed by the occupant. She was naked, her right arm resting above her head as an army of nanites worked to regenerate her torn flesh. Her ivory skin was now free of blood and her hair created a golden pillow for her head. He only glanced at her breasts, though the pink-tipped fullness deserved a more thorough inspection. Her entire body was long and supple, with the lush curves Bandar adored. Everything about her appealed to him more deeply than he’d thought possible.
“She’s in her late twenties and has yet to bear a child though her reproductive system is fully functional.”
Bandar had been so absorbed in his observation that he hadn’t heard Irron move. He looked at the doctor, who now stood beside him, unable to hide his annoyance. “What does that have to do with her recovery?”
“I’m not blind. She’s very attractive. I’m surprised she hasn’t been claimed.”
He agreed with Irron’s assessment, yet found the doctor’s interest irritating. “We aren’t here to claim mates. At least not yet. We all need to stay focused on our duties.”
Irron slapped Bandar’s back with a mocking chuckle. “If you can focus on anything but sex with that female at your side, you’re a stronger man than I.”
Bandar couldn’t argue the point. Standing there staring at her naked body was filling his mind with all the ways he’d like to touch her, all the places he wanted to taste. Gods she was beautiful.
Left with no option but to put some distance between them, at least until she was appropriately clothed, he grabbed his helmet off the counter and went to his cabin. Today was the third time he’d encountered the unnamed soldier. The phantom was Rodyte, like Bandar, but they hadn’t been able to learn his identity or who had dispatched him to Earth. At first Bandar thought the soldier was following him, but today his “shadow” arrived first. So he had either anticipated Bandar’s next move or he was searching for the same thing, the research conducted by Daniel Kane, world-renowned geneticist and longtime Rodyte collaborator. Early on Bandar had discovered that Daniel Kane was dead, which was unfortunate. However, his work could still prove invaluable.
The mystery surrounding Bandar’s shadow would have to wait. He had a human to question and doing so in his armor would likely intimidate her. He opened his closet and released a frustrated sigh. Would she respond better to a business suit or jeans and a T-shirt? He’d known interacting with humans would be an integral part of this mission, so he’d prepared for a variety of situations.
Deciding on casual clothing, he gathered what he’d need and moved to the bed. He sat and tugged off his boots then stood and released the front seam of his armor. After pulling his arms from the sleeves, he peeled the flex-lar down his legs and pulled his feet free. A lifetime in the military demanded that he keep his quarters neat and organized, so he hung up his armor before donning the human outfit. He was unwilling to leave the ship without a weapon, so he compressed his flexblade into a pocket knife and slipped it into the front pocket of his jeans.
The next forty-five minutes passed slowly as Bandar paced his cabin and updated his activity log. Finally Irron notified him that the human was ready for departure so he headed back to the infirmary.
The female was still unconscious and Irron had wrapped her in a sheet. “The regen unit uses a powerful sedative. She could sleep for a day or more if you don’t rouse her.” He held out a nasal mister. “This will bring her around.”
“Thanks.” Bandar tucked the mister into his pocket then slipped his arms under the female and lifted her against his chest. Even through the sheet her body was warm and soft, enticing.
“Her blood sugar is low. Make her drink a soda or some fruit juice.”
“Got it.” Bandar wasn’t sure why he was so anxious to be alone with the female, but the urge was undeniable. He signaled the bio-stream engineer that he was ready to depart then braced for the sickening rush.
* * * * *
Awareness returned in stages. A strange scent filled Ashley’s nose, not unpleasant, just unusual. She inhaled again and the protective haze muddling her mind began to dissipate. Memories came rushing back, terrifying images and flashes of pain. She’d been stabbed by an intruder. The realization jarred her, propelling her back to the present. Was her attacker still here? Fear tore through her, yet self-preservation kept her perfectly still.
A distant car horn disrupted the quiet then she heard the rumble of an engine. The sounds were familiar, oddly calming. She slowly opened her eyes, blinking as her vision adjusted to the gloom. Even in relative darkness she knew the outline of her bedroom furniture. She lay on her back and the searing pain in her side was now a barely noticeable ache. With trembling fingers she felt her forearm. She distinctly remembered the knife slicing her flesh, but the cut was just gone. How was that possible?
Why was she still alive?
The door to her right swung open and light spilled into the room. A man stood silhouetted in the doorway a beverage can in one hand. He was tall, his shoulders broad, but his features were lost in shadow. “Oh good, you’re awake. I wasn’t sure the mister worked.”
Without the distortion of his helmet, his voice sounded deeper, his accent even more pronounced. This was the second man, the one who drove her attacker away. Which didn’t mean he wasn’t just as dangerous, it only meant that he needed her alive. “Who are you? Why did you… Where the hell are my clothes?” She hadn’t even noticed she was naked until the sheet wrapped around her body began to unwind.
“Your garments were torn and soaked with blood. They were removed by a physician, not me.”
“What physician?” She held the sheet against her chest as her heart thundered and her sluggish mind tried to make sense of the situation. She’d been bleeding to death on her living room floor and suddenly she was all but recovered and in her own bed. “How long was I out? No, start at the beginning. Who are you and why did you break into my house?”
“I won’t hurt you. That was never my intention.” His actions supported his claim, but that didn’t explain why he was here or what he wanted from her. He reached the bed and held out a can of diet cola. “I was told your blood sugar is low. You’ll feel better if you drink this.”
She wanted to believe his reassurance, but he hadn’t answered any of her questions. “There’s no sugar in that. Why is my blood sugar low?”
“It’s a common side effect of regeneration.” He set the can down on her nightstand. “Your refrigerator is basically empty. Do you have any sugary snacks? Perhaps a candy bar in your purse?”
She never had time to cook and planning meals for one was depressing. Besides, she was much more concerned about escaping her unwanted visitor than stabilizing her blood sugar. “My office is one level up. Try the desk drawers.”
He nodded then left the room, his stride long and purposeful.
Regeneration? He’d said the word as if it were nothing out of the ordinary. Tension knotted her belly and she scrambled off the bed, but her legs barely supported her. Why was she so weak? How long had she been unconscious?
It didn’t matter. She couldn’t leave the apartment wearing nothing but a sheet, and there was no way she was staying here with him. Snatching a pair of panties out of her dresser drawer, she pulled them on then tugged a baggy T-shirt off its hanger. She hadn’t bothered with a bra, but at least she was covered to mid-thigh. She shook out a pair of jeans and was about to step into them when the stranger returned. Damn that was fast.
“You’ll be weak for several more hours. Get back in bed.” His firm tone left no room for argument. He’d likely saved her life, but why was he still here?
Like an echo from a nightmare, the image of her attacker’s eyes formed within her mind. Glowing blue rings in a sea of black, unreal. No, just inhuman. She’d seen eyes like his before, many years ago. But she’d been thirteen and in the middle of a traumatic family crisis. No one had believed her. Not her mother and not the parade of mental health professionals that followed. Ashley’s insistence that she’d seen an alien had nearly destroyed her life.
Was she talking to one now? Could she finally prove to herself, if no one else, that she wasn’t crazy?
She draped her jeans over a chair then reluctantly climbed back into bed. “You haven’t told me who you are or what you want.”
“Special Agent Bandar and you were simply in the wrong place at the wrong time.” He moved to her bedside and held out a half-full bag of Hershey Kisses. “Eat or you’ll end up with a horrible headache.”
Her temples were already pounding and she couldn’t stop shaking, so she didn’t object. She took the bag from his outstretched hand and set it on her lap. “‘Special agent’ as in the FBI?” He nodded and she tried not to laugh. And I’m Director of the CIA. She unwrapped a chocolate drop and popped it into her mouth, savoring the simple comfort as it melted on her tongue. “Who was the other guy; you know the one with the nasty temper?”
“I’m sorry I didn’t arrive in time to prevent his aggression, but I assure you the damage has been repaired.”
“I noticed.” She narrowed her gaze, determined to see if her rescuer had incandescent rings in his eyes. If his looks were unremarkable, why was he lurking in the shadows? “When did the FBI develop regeneration technology?”
“The details aren’t important. I need to ask you a few questions and then you can pretend none of this happened.”
It was the absolute worst thing to say. She’d spent the past sixteen years pretending she hadn’t seen what she knew damn well she’d seen. She tossed the candy aside and glared at his silhouette. “I can ‘pretend’ you didn’t blink into existence in the middle of my living room? Or that your sudden appearance was the only thing that kept me from bleeding to death? How about how my stab wounds ‘regenerated’ while I was unconscious? And let’s not forget you and your friend had knives that transformed into swords then back into knives. Nifty trick. Care to explain how it works?”
He crossed his arms over his chest, drawing her attention to his snug gray T-shirt, and the muscular torso beneath. When had he changed clothes and what had he done with his black…jumpsuit? “What’s your relationship to Daniel Kane?”
The question only reinforced her suspicion that the three most bizarre situations in her life were connected. Her father had been present the first two times she’d seen a person with blue-ringed eyes. “What’s this about?”
“According to public records, Daniel Kane owns this property. You obviously live here. How are you connected to him?”
She was dying to know more about the mysterious people who seemed determined to disrupt her life, but one fact remained unavoidable. When she’d seen her attacker’s face, he’d tried to kill her. Aliens or not, these people didn’t want the general public to know they existed. “You’re eight months too late. Daniel Kane is dead.”
He remained at her bedside tense and silent. She still couldn’t see his face and it was driving her crazy. Curiosity shoved aside caution and she reached for the lamp on her nightstand. Her fingers found the switch but he whipped out his arm and grabbed her wrist.
“Don’t. It’s better if you don’t see me.”
“Why?” Her father’s death had been ruled a suicide, but she’d always thought it was murder. If this man was connected to the others, maybe he could help her find the truth. “I’ll help you, if you help me. But I need to see your eyes.”
“My eyes? What do my eyes have to do with anything?” He sounded almost convincing.
“Your friend grabbed me from behind.”
“He’s not my friend.”
She went on as if he hadn’t spoken, needing to say it all before she lost her nerve. Or before common sense took over. “I don’t think he meant to kill me, until I saw his face.”
“How did you see his face if he was behind you?”
“There’s a mirror over the couch. He noticed me looking at him and that’s when he turned violent.”
He was silent for a moment then spoke in a low rumble. “What makes you think I won’t react the same way?”
“If you’d wanted me dead, I’d be dead.” He didn’t argue, so she pushed a little further. “I’ve seen your kind before.”
“My kind?” He chuckled. “FBI agents?”
She tried to sound calm and assertive, but her hands trembled. “People with bright blue rings in their eyes. My father was involved with them.”
Without responding to her claim, he said, “The man who attacked you was after information. If you have Daniel Kane’s research or have access to it, the man who attacked you will return.”
Would she never be free of that stupid research project? It had wrecked her parents’ marriage, made her mother doubt Ashley’s sanity, and likely cost her father his life. Exasperation built inside her soul and set her body in motion. She turned her back on the stranger and crawled off the other side of the bed.
“There’s nothing here to find.” She grabbed her jeans off the chair and pulled them on, each movement revealing her agitation. “I’ll just leave and let that bastard figure it out for himself.”
The stranger moved around the bed and slowly approached her, keeping the light from the hallway at his back. “If he’s convinced you can lead him to the research, there’s nowhere you can hide.”
She zipped up her jeans then turned to face him and her surroundings blurred. Her knees buckled then strong hands grasped her arms, keeping her on her feet, barely. She looked up into the stranger’s face and her heart dropped into her stomach. They were perpendicular to the light from the hallway and she could finally see his face. His features remained in high relief, but his eyes gleamed in the semidarkness, his common brown eyes.
“You’re human,” she murmured as she stubbornly searched the brown for any hint of blue.
With a warm chuckle, he eased back without releasing her entirely. “You sound disappointed.”
She didn’t know what she was—disappointed, relieved, confused, even a little angry. She’d been so sure Bandar was one of them. “But you’ve seen them, haven’t you. They’re real and they aren’t human.” She held her breath, afraid he’d brush her off like so many had before.
“What’s your name?” His voice was soft now, caressing.
“Ashley,” she answered automatically.
“Ashley Kane? As in Daniel’s only offspring?”
She didn’t see the benefit of lying. Maybe if she answered some of his questions, he’d answer some of hers. “Yes. Daniel Kane was my father.”
A slow smile curved his lips and his dark eyes shimmered. Still no hint of blue, but other realizations rolled through her. He wasn’t just handsome. His features, what little she could see of them, were undeniably masculine, yet striking. He had the sort of face photographers loved, all sharp angles and graceful hollows.
“Bandar really is my name,” he told her, “but you’re right. I don’t work for the FBI.”
“Can we go sit down in the living room? I’m still feeling sort of woozy.”
“Of course.” After making sure she was steady enough to stand on her own, he grabbed the bag of candy off the bed then followed her from the bedroom.
He was being polite and mostly nonthreatening, but she couldn’t let herself forget all the strange things that had happened already. He didn’t appear overtly alien, but he emanated power, a sort of controlled intensity. Maybe he was some sort of hybrid. Or he could have been altered so he’d blend in more easily with humans. Bandar? What kind of name was that? Female names were getting sort of wacky, while male names remained mostly traditional. At least on Earth. The stipulation made her smile. Suddenly all the thoughts she’d been suppressing for years didn’t seem so outrageous.
“Do you work with the aliens or are you trying to stop whatever they’re doing on Earth?”
“It’s my job to apprehend the one who attacked you.”
That seemed plausible, yet it was still frustratingly vague. “You’re a cop or a bounty hunter?”
He tossed her the bag of candy then sat in a chair facing hers. “Eat or your wooziness will get worse.”
He was clearly comfortable giving orders, but she didn’t feel strong enough to object. She sat down then reached into the bag and grabbed a handful of the chocolate teardrops. “What are they called?”
“Hershey Kisses.”
She rolled her eyes, not in the mood for any form of humor. As she struggled to organize her thoughts into succinct questions, her gaze drifted to the spot across the room where she’d been stabbed. She’d collapsed on the carpet and blood had been everywhere, yet no sign of the struggle remained. “What happened to the mess?”
“I took care of it.” His dark brows arched. “Would you rather I left it for you?”
At least he hadn’t tried to convince her she’d imagined the entire thing. Rather than fixate on the unimportant detail, she returned to her original question. “The man you’re attempting to apprehend. Do you know what his race is called? I know there are others like him on Earth. I’ve seen them.”
“They’re called Rodytes. When did you first see one and how many have you seen?”
Her heart fluttered, making her feel almost giddy. He’d just confirmed that she hadn’t imagined them, had even given them a name. Rodytes. Her father had been involved with Rodytes.
And she wasn’t crazy! She wanted to shout it from the rooftops. She’d lived with the stigma of emotional disorders for most of her life and now someone had confirmed her wild stories.
Emboldened by the validation, she let the story come pouring out. “My mother thought my father was cheating on her, so I tried to prove her wrong. I was so desperate to save their marriage that I hitchhiked all the way to Dad’s lab.”
“Hitch hiked? I’m unfamiliar with the term.”
More proof that he wasn’t human. “I asked complete strangers for a ride in their cars. It used to be a common practice, but it’s no longer safe. Too many whack jobs running around out there.”
He nodded, but she wasn’t sure he understood. “What happened at the lab?”
“That’s when I saw the first one, the first Rodyte.”
“Male or female?”
“Male.”
“Other than his eyes, was there anything remarkable about his appearance?”
He kept each question conversational. It just felt natural to respond. “He had blue streaks in his hair, but the man who attacked me didn’t. Maybe the blue streaks were cosmetic.”
Bandar shook his head. “The vast majority of Rodytes have dark hair, but only organic or pureblood Rodytes have the highlights. Generally the highlights match the phitons in their eyes, which come in a variety of colors by the way.”
“Phitons? Do you mean the glowy rings in their eyes?”
“Yes, though the rings don’t always glow. Generally that’s a sign of elevated emotion or the access of a magic ability.”
“Good to know.” Magic ability? Rodytes could work magic? She shook away the distraction. She’d never understand all this if she didn’t focus on one thing at a time. “The three I’ve seen all had blue rings in their eyes and all three were glowing.”
“Tell me about the third one.”
Ashley hesitated. Her encounter with the female Rodyte led to sixteen years of humiliation and self-doubt. Did she really want to reveal such a hurtful incident to a complete stranger? He watched her silently, obviously waiting for her answer. Now that she could see him clearly, she was even more convinced he wasn’t human. He was too big, too intense, too damn savage. He’d been nothing but kind to her, but menace simmered just below the surface of his calm exterior.
“You might not even realize what you know,” he coaxed. “Every detail is important.”
Pausing long enough to unwrap another piece of candy, she decided to tell him the entire story. “She was actually the second one I saw. The man tonight was the third.” Ashley put the chocolate in her mouth before it melted on her fingers and went to work unwrapping the next one. “I knew my mother wouldn’t believe what I’d seen at the lab, so I never mentioned it to her. Besides, I was only thirteen. I didn’t want to admit I’d hitchhiked all the way to the lab.” She shivered. “I was damn lucky I made it there and back safely. It was a really stupid thing to do.”
“Was the female also at your father’s lab?”
“Oh no, she was in my father’s bed—on top of him to be exact.” The silky-sweet taste coating her mouth didn’t make the memories any easier to bear. She’d been old enough to understand sex, but she’d never actually seen two people going at it. Up close and personal, and one of the participants had been her father. She shuddered, the image still amazingly clear after all these years. “Mom and I returned early from a shopping spree and we walked in on Dad and the Rodyte woman. She grabbed her clothes and ran from the room while my parents started screaming at each other. I was too horrified to look at my father, so my gaze just sort of stuck to his lover. Her long black hair was streaked with blue and the rings in her eyes were so bright her entire gaze glowed like sapphires.” She’d also been strikingly attractive, just like all the other Rodytes Ashley had seen.
Just like Bandar.
“Did your mother see her?”
Ashley shook her head. “All she saw was a naked woman having sex with her husband. I told her what I’d seen a few days later, even admitted what I’d seen at the lab. She didn’t believe me, thought it was my mind’s way of dealing with the shock of seeing my father’s infidelity firsthand.”
“What about your father? How did he react when you told him what you’d seen?”
“I never really got the chance. Mom kicked him out, so I had to sneak around to see him at all. Besides, our relationship was so strained after that night we never talked about anything important. By the time I turned eighteen and could see him whenever I wanted, I’d spent so much time with therapists they’d convinced me I’d imagined the strange glowing eyes.” She put sarcastic emphasis on the last phrase. If the story ended there, she might have been content with the outcome. As it was, she’d barely begun to explore her unanswered questions and Bandar was the first person she’d met who was likely to know what the hell she was talking about.
“Did you reconnect with your father after you turned eighteen?”
Apparently he wasn’t finished with his interrogation. He better intend on being as cooperative as she’d been or they were going to have a serious problem. “Sort of. We shared awkward lunches and numerous phone calls, but it was never the same. He was distant and, I don’t know, troubled, as if he had the weight of the world on his shoulders.”
“How did he die?”
She set the candy aside, more interested in her elusive visitor than her favorite comfort food. “Are you going to answer my questions once I’ve answered all of yours? Maybe I should hold off until I’ve learned some of the things I want to know.”
He smiled and Ashley’s heart did an irrational flip. No one should be allowed to be that attractive. It wasn’t fair to everyone else. “Ask away. I have nothing to hide.”
There was just enough challenge in his tone to make her respond in kind. “Are you wearing contacts or were your eyes altered in some way?” It wasn’t the first question she’d meant to ask, but it was suddenly the most important. She’d trusted him with one of the most painful memories of her life. If he wasn’t willing to share as well, she was wasting her time.
He laughed and glanced away. Guilty conscious? “You think I’m Rodyte?”
“Don’t answer my questions with questions. It’s annoying.” All amusement vanished from his expression and his features hardened. So why wasn’t she afraid?
“Indulging your curiosity puts you in danger.”
“I’m already in danger and we both know it.” Her throat tightened as she heard her own words. “How long do we have before my attacker returns?”

Chapter Two

Ashley was right. Bandar tensed as the reminder set his instincts on high alert. Every moment they lingered in this apartment increased the chances of another run-in with his shadow. On his own, he would welcome the opportunity to capture or vanquish his foe. But his first priority had to be protecting this fragile female. Not only did she appeal to him as a male, she was also important to his mission. In fact, she was the only promising lead he’d uncovered since arriving on Earth. He couldn’t afford to compromise this opportunity with recklessness.
“It’s possible he searched your dwelling while I was dealing with your injuries,” Bandar told her. “But it would be a wise precaution to relocate.” He’d searched the place while she slept and found nothing out of place, and nothing of interest. Keyran’s guards had ensured that his shadow hadn’t returned. Still, he didn’t want to frighten her.
“I’m not going anywhere until you prove I can trust you.” Stubbornness lit her leaf-green eyes and pressed her full lips into an adorable pout.
“I saved your life. Shouldn’t that be proof enough?” He crossed his legs at the ankle and tried not to be amused by her flash of spirit. She’d be safer if she was intimidated enough to obey his orders without question.
“All that proves is I’m more valuable to you alive than dead.” She paused, waiting until he met her gaze. “I’m not a fool, Bandar. You want the same thing the other man wants. You’re just not willing to kill to get it.”
He arched one of his brows at the statement. He was willing to kill, if circumstances warranted. He just wasn’t willing to kill an innocent. “Don’t be fooled by my civility. I only kill when there’s no other choice, but I’m no stranger to bloodshed.”
After a silent pause she shook her head, but a hesitant smile parted her lips. “Is that supposed to comfort or frighten me?”
“Neither. It’s a statement of fact. I prefer compromise to violence, but I can be violent. I reward honesty and punish deceit. You’ve been honest, so I’ll reward you.”
The most intriguing flush spread across her cheeks and she suddenly looked away. “Do I get to choose my reward?”
Desire washed over him in tingling waves, unexpected, yet not unwelcome. He’d heard the people of Earth found Rodytes attractive. He was certainly drawn to her. But was he ruthless enough to exploit the advantage? “I thought you wanted answers. If you have something else in mind, I’m more than willing to negotiate.”
Her chin came up and her breasts rose and fell as she steadied herself with a deep breath. “I want nothing more than honest information.” As if to reinforce the statement, she looked into his eyes.
She was a feisty little thing. He fought back a smile. Regardless of how adorable he found her, he had to stay focused on his mission. “As you suspected, my father was Rodyte. My mother was a war bride, a captive from the planet of Bilarri. Children resulting from such unions are known as battle born.”
Her brows drew together as she struggled for understanding. “Are the two planets still at war?”
“Yes.”
“Is it still common to capture war brides?” The disapproval in her tone made it clear she found the idea objectionable. “Rodytes don’t have a problem using women as weapons of war?”
“It’s a complicated tradition, one rapidly fading into the past. The majority of Rodyte soldiers are now battle born and the battle born want nothing to do with the practice of war brides.”
“I’m glad to hear it. I’m not a big fan of war in the first place, but making war on women seems…cowardly.”
He’d introduced the tangent, but it had distracted her long enough. So he nudged the conversation back on course. “You asked about my eyes. I’m wearing contacts so my appearance doesn’t draw attention. I’ll remove them for you later, but we really should find a safer place to spend what’s left of the night.”
“What’s left of the night?” She looked around the room until her gaze landed on a small black box with an illuminated display. “2:14?” She shot to her feet and crept farther away from him. “I’ve lost seven hours.” Her hand pressed over her mended side, her eyes wide and disbelieving. “Where did you take me and how were you able to…”
Color drained from her face so Bandar stood and approached her slowly, ready to scoop her up in his arms if her legs failed again. “I told you, your injuries were regenerated and where I took you isn’t important.”
She held him off with an upraised hand, looking less panicked but still suspicious. “If Rodytes can regenerate flesh and travel through space, why are you interested in my father’s research? He was remarkable compared to other humans, but his work must seem primitive compared to you.”
“I’ll explain as much as I know once we’ve relocated.”
Mistrust flickered deep in her gaze and she took another step backward. “We don’t need to do anything. I’ll go stay with one of my friends until your friend has had more than enough time to search this apartment.”
“He is not my friend and this is not a negotiation. We stay together until the danger has passed.”
Her hands moved to her hips and her stubborn little chin tilted up again. “Then I’m your prisoner?”
“You’re my responsibility.”
She stared at him in mutinous silence, likely debating her limited options. Finally, her stance relaxed and she asked, “Where are you taking me and how long will I be gone?”
“I’m not sure yet. Go pack a bag with what you’ll need for several days. I’ll determine our destination.”
Her only response was a single nod, but the calculated gleam in her eyes made him follow her back into the bedroom. She was still a long way from surrender.
“Seriously?” She started to open the closet then stopped and glared at him. “Are you going to follow me around like a puppy?”
“Likely. I’ve promised to keep you safe and I take my promises seriously.” With obvious reluctance, she returned to her task, so he sent a telepathic ping to Keyran Tarr.
So what’s the verdict? The commander responded. Who is she and does she know anything useful?
Right to the point as usual. Bandar let his gaze linger on his feisty companion as he conversed with his old friend. She’s Daniel Kane’s daughter, as I thought, and her usefulness is still to be determined. I need more time with her, but we can’t stay here. My shadow will doubtlessly return.
You’re not bringing her on board my ship. Irron has been running his mouth about how lucky you are to guard such a stunning female. I’d have a mutiny on my hands.
He couldn’t argue with the doctor’s assessment. Bandar found her stunning as well. That’s not what I had in mind. I thought I’d take her to the Bunker, but someone needs to be here in case my shadow returns. He needs to be questioned as well.
I’ll send the security team back down and tell them to stay out of sight. Keyran paused, then added, Your search turned up nothing?
Not a thing and Ashley confirmed that there’s nothing here to find. Hopefully, my shadow won’t realize that.
You’ll need permission from Nazerel or Morgan if you’re going to take her to the Bunker.
I know.
Are you sure further exposure is necessary? You can’t afford to be distracted right now.
She knows more than she’s told me and she already knew about us. She’d seen Rodytes with her father. I have nothing to lose and everything to gain by spending more time with her.
If you say so. A mocking chuckle rumbled across their link. Just keep it in your pants.
Keyran pinched off the connection and Bandar cursed. Was he letting his attraction to Ashley influence his decisions? He watched her for a few seconds then shook his head. There was no denying he was drawn to her, but this wasn’t about romance. Securing Daniel’s research was his primary objective and he was certain Ashley knew a lot more than she’d confessed.
He sent a telepathic ping to Nazerel and waited for his cousin to respond. It was the middle of the night and Nazerel was newly mated. He was likely in bed.
Hey, Bandar. What’s up? Not surprisingly, Nazerel sounded slightly groggy. He’d only been on Earth a few months, but he spent all his time surrounded by humans. It was likely Nazerel didn’t even realize he’d responded in English rather than Rodyte.
Sorry about the hour. I need to bring a human female to the Bunker for questioning and it can’t wait until morning. It could take a few days to complete the interrogation. Would you clear me for entry?
You’ll need to minimize her contact with our personnel and supervise her 24/7.
Understood, Bandar assured him.
Then I’ll notify security.
Thank you.
See you soon.
Ashley placed a stack of folded clothes into a canvas shoulder bag, tossed some personal items in on top, then zipped it shut. “Did you decide where we’re going?”
“I did.” He watched her closely. She sat on the edge of the bed as she put on her socks and shoes. Her easy acceptance of his orders seemed highly suspicious and her gaze kept darting around the room. Was she looking for a weapon or planning an escape? One thing was certain. She wasn’t as calm as she appeared.
“And did you decide how long we’ll be gone? If it’s more than a day or two, I need to rearrange my schedule.”
Bandar picked up her bag and slung the long strap over his shoulder. “We’ll have to take each day as it comes. I’m sorry. I can’t give you a better answer.” He held out his hand. “Come here.”
Her brows drew together as she stood then edged toward the door. “I need my purse.”
He was relatively certain she didn’t have her phone on her and she’d be less likely to run away if she had no means of communication and no form of currency. He preferred to think of this as protective custody, but she was more or less his prisoner.
She continued to creep toward the door, so he matched her step for step. Then he opened a telepathic comlink, paging the bio-stream engineer. I need a location-to-location stream.
What’s your destination?
Arrival deck at the Bunker. They’re expecting me. And increase the signal by fifty percent. I have a passenger.
Is she as pretty as Irron said?
That’s irrelevant, but by hell’s rings yes! She’s gorgeous.
He lunged for Ashley, dragging her into his arms a millisecond before the bio-stream field engaged.

Ashley gasped then screamed, arching wildly as Bandar’s arms closed around her. Then her bedroom dissolved and she hung suspended in a vast emptiness. The peaceful suspension only lasted a millisecond and then she felt as if she were being sucked through space by a gigantic vacuum. She screamed again, though the sound was lost in the deafening rush that filled her ears. She couldn’t move and could barely think past the terror overwhelming her senses. Why was… How… What was happening to her?
The acceleration gradually slowed and her head swam sickeningly. She clung to Bandar, fists clutching the back of his shirt, face pressed against his chest. His scent surrounded her, spicy, exotic with a hint of smoke. She’d never smelled anything quite like it. And each time she inhaled a warm, tingling sensation flowed through her entire body.
“Easy. Just give yourself a second to acclimate. The dizziness will pass.”
Still trembling violently, she lifted her face from his chest without letting go of his back. Screw the dizziness. Had they just teleported? “W-what happened? Where am I?” They were surrounded by drab gray walls. It wasn’t much of a room. No furniture, no windows, just one door.
The door swung open and a dark-haired man filled the doorway. Both tall and muscular, he was dressed in camo cargo pants and a solid black T-shirt. Was this a military base? He certainly looked mean enough to be a soldier.
“Do you need an actual interrogation room or will a staff apartment work?”
Bandar cupped her chin, raising her face until she looked into his eyes. “Are you going to behave so we can be comfortable, or do we need something more secure?”
The vertigo gradually receded but her anxiety remained. “What is this place?” She glanced at the stranger then back at Bandar. “Why did you bring me here?” She’d planned on cooperating until they were outside her apartment building. Then she was going to scream her head off and run like hell. Bandar obviously had other ideas.
“This complex is shielded. The man who attacked you can’t find you here.”
“Your shadow again?” The stranger stepped into the room and let the door swing shut behind him.
The limited space seemed to shrink, closing in on Ashley until she felt small and vulnerable. The men obviously knew each other, but her fingers refused to release Bandar’s shirt. He’d just kidnaped her, teleporting her to God knew where, so why did she want to burrow deeper into his embrace and press her face into the warmth of his chest? It didn’t make sense and still the urge was nearly overwhelming.
“He arrived before me this time,” Bandar was saying. “I guess he’s not following me after all.”
The stranger shrugged as his dark gaze swept over Ashley. “Your brother had some interesting thoughts on the subject. Let’s get you settled and then I’ll explain.”
“All right.” The stranger turned toward the door, but Bandar stopped him. “Ashley this is my cousin Nazerel. Nazerel meet Ashley.”
She nodded, acknowledging the introduction as she finally let go of Bandar. If they were cousins, then Nazerel was at least part alien too. How many Rodytes were on Earth? Unwilling to open that can of worms, she returned to her unanswered questions. “Where am I?” She sharpened her tone, hoping to sound stronger than she felt.
“This complex is known as the Bunker by those few who know it exists.” Nazerel led them out of the barren cell and into a well-lit corridor. “We’re in Arizona, but for obvious reasons, I can’t be more specific.”
Arizona? Bandar had…zapped them halfway across the country? Could he teleport at will or had he used some sort of advanced technology? A device seemed unlikely, unless the controls were integrated into his brain. She groaned inwardly as she heard her own thoughts. She sounded like a sci-fi fanatic.
“When did you speak with Garin?” Bandar asked. “He told us not to risk interplanetary communications unless it was an emergency. The less anyone knows about our mission the better.”
Nazerel smiled, if that tiny curve of one corner of his mouth could qualify as a smile. “Which is why he contacted me rather than risk exposing your location. And we conferenced with Morgan this morning.”
They turned down a different hallway, this one wider than the first. Clean white tiles kept it from feeling gloomy, but there were no windows, no natural light. Each person they passed was dressed in clothing similar to Nazerel’s, not uniforms exactly, but definitely military. A few of them glanced at Ashley, more ignored her completely.
“So what did Garin tell you?”
Despite Nazerel’s suggestion that they postpone the conversation, he answered, “He’s still working on the shadow’s identity, but Garin said he has to be aboard the Relentless.”
“Akim Farmon’s ship?” Bandar sounded skeptical. “Why would Akim leave Rodyte space? He answers only to the crown.”
“Exactly. Akim hasn’t logged a flight plan in years. He could be anywhere.”
Bandar didn’t look convinced. “Why does Garin think he’s here?”
“Only two ships are equipped with both bio-stream technology and the new shield generators.”
“The Crusader and the Relentless.” Bandar shook his head, clearly upset by the revelation. “I should have realized, so should Keyran, for that matter. Garin’s right. It makes perfect sense.”
They made another turn, but the corridors all looked the same. There were no signs, color indicators or arrows. How did Nazerel keep it all straight?
“Garin tends to stay a step ahead of the rest of us.” Nazerel slapped Bandar on the back. “Don’t feel bad. That’s why he commands the Undaunted and we’re still sneaking around behind the scenes, accepting missions that don’t officially exist.”
Crusader, Relentless, Undaunted, they must be the names of spaceships. And it sounded like at least one was on or orbiting Earth. Ashley shivered. She might be walking through a secret military base, but the thought of spaceships was still surreal. Even so, they were tossing around facts as if she weren’t there. She should be paying attention.
Okay, Garin was Bandar’s brother and he commanded the Undaunted. Nazerel had sounded impressed when he said the name, so it must be an important ship. If Garin couldn’t risk “interplanetary” communications, it stood to reason that he wasn’t near Earth. She’d been too distracted to absorb the other facts, so she asked, “Who is Akim Farmore?”
“Akim Farmon,” Bandar corrected. “And he’s our ruler’s pet pferitor.”
“Quinton Keire is not my anything,” Nazerel snapped.
Bandar chuckled. “You’re a Rodyte citizen, which makes Quinton your Crown Stirate whether you’re willing to admit the fact or not.”
“Crown what?” Ashley scrunched up her brows. Information cramming did not mix well with sleep deprivation and stress. Unless you were a college student, of course.
“A Crown Stirate is the ultimate authority on Rodymia,” Nazerel told her. “Quinton rules the entire planet.”
“And does this Crown Stirate know you’re messing around on Earth, or does Garin share your distain for the ‘ultimate authority’ on your planet?”
“Most everyone shares my distain for Quinton Keire,” Nazerel muttered.
“That didn’t answer my question.” She looked at Bandar as she asked, “Does Quinton know about your mission?”
Bandar glanced at Nazerel before responding. “He doesn’t, or didn’t, depending on how much information my shadow has shared. But what led you to that conclusion?”
“I’m not sure. Everything about this screams black ops, but Garin seems to be running the show, not some king no one respects.” Tension coiled around them like a rope. Had she stumbled onto something important, something they hadn’t intended to share? Neither man looked happy about her line of reasoning, so she quickly changed the subject. “Your planet is called Rodymia, but you are Rodytes?”
“Correct.” Bandar’s expression remained cautious, yet his tone warmed. “Quinton Keire became Crown Stirate after his brother Pern was murdered. Pern was ruler while your father was conducting his research.”
She nodded, tucking the facts away with all the others. “And what’s a pferitor?”
“It’s the highest rank in the Rodyte military. A general or an admiral, in human terms.” Bandar’s gaze narrowed as he looked at her. “Why all the questions?”
“You just teleported me from New York to Arizona without warning, and then you and your cousin start rattling off all sorts of names I’ve never heard before.” She tossed back her hair, more than a little annoyed. “You’d be confused too.”
Nazerel elbowed Bandar in the side. “You captured a regular spitfire.”
“I didn’t capture her. I’m protecting her.”
A rumbling chuckle escaped Nazerel’s wide chest. “Of course you are.” He stopped in front of a nondescript door and uttered a word she didn’t understand. Something hissed then popped and Nazerel pushed the door open. “Everything is voice activated and your voice scan is already on file. You should be all set.”
“What about me?” Ashley moved up beside Bandar. “I’m not on file.”
“You’re Bandar’s guest,” Nazerel told her. “He’s required to escort you at all times.”
Rather than arguing with Nazerel, she folded her arms over her chest and glared at each man in turn. Neither seemed impressed by her temper.
“Morgan’s schedule is packed, as always, but she’d like to have breakfast with you.”
Bandar nodded. “I’d enjoy that.”
Apparently, Morgan was female. “Am I invited or do I get to stay locked in this room?” She cringed as frustration and fear combined, making her sound almost childish.
“Of course you’re invited.” Nazerel shot Bandar another knowing smile. “You’ve obviously got your work cut out for you. I’ll leave you to it.”
Nazerel walked back the way they’d come as Bandar motioned her into the apartment. It wasn’t large, but everything was well organized and immaculate. There was a small kitchenette with a mini-refrigerator and what looked like a microwave oven, a sitting area/office, and a queen-size bed.
“Where are you going to sleep?” She lingered near the door, tempted to turn around and walk out. But what good would that do? Even if she made it out of the Bunker, which was doubtful, Bandar had whisked her away without her purse. She had no money, no credit cards, not even her phone! He ignored the provocation and ambled across the room, setting down her overnight bag between the bed and the kitchen area. At least she’d have clean underwear.
“Would you like something to drink?”
His superficial courtesy snapped what little remained of her composure. “Screw. You.” She paused, waiting for him to react but he continued on at his leisurely pace. “Let’s cut the bullshit, Bandar. None of this is being done for my protection. I’m your prisoner and I’m here because you think I can lead you to my father’s research. You want exactly the same thing as your shadow. So stop pretending you’re one of the good guys.”
After pulling out a bottle of what looked like beer, he released the cap with a simple swipe of his thumb. “If I wanted exactly the same thing as my shadow, I’d have let you bleed to death.” He took a swig of the amber liquid then looked deep into her eyes. “If I’d been human, you’d be dead.”
“You had seven hours to search my house. I honestly think if you’d found what you were looking for you would have finished what your shadow started. I’m alive because I’m useful, period.”
He set the bottle aside and stalked toward her, each step measured and menacing. His features hardened and Ashley suddenly felt the door pressing into her back. He invaded her personal space, moving so close she could feel the heat radiating from his big body. His arms caged her, palms pressing flat against the door as he leaned in and whispered, “If I’m a ruthless murderer, why aren’t you afraid of me?”
The question made her stop and think. She’d been terrified by the situation, shocked and amazed by the surreal happenings. Even Nazerel made her uncomfortable, but she wasn’t afraid of Bandar. Intrigued, maybe even intimidated, but she didn’t feel threatened by him. “I’m protected by what I know. It has nothing to do with your noble character.”
“Really?” He ran the back of his index finger from her temple to her chin, skimming so lightly she barely felt the caress. “If my shadow stood this close to you, I’m pretty sure you’d be screaming. Why aren’t you screaming?”
“They know I’m your prisoner and don’t give a damn. Screaming would be pointless.” His fingers trailed down the side of her neck and she started to squirm. An intoxicating scent teased her nose, making her feel tingly and…it was him. She was breathing so fast his scent was making her lightheaded. And her nipples were hardening. It had to be the T-shirt abrading her braless breasts. She refused to respond to this oversized bully. “Are you going to seduce the information out of me now? Is that your new strategy?”
“Oh I plan to seduce you, have no doubt, but it has nothing to do with my mission.” His gaze focused on her lips with obvious hunger. “Just a taste.” He whispered the words so softly she barely heard him. Then very slowly, he lowered his head.
Ashley tensed as he drew closer and closer. His humid breath caressed her mouth and then his lips made contact with hers. Desire unfurled inside her, making her restless and achy. She wanted to rub against him like a cat, wrap around him and feel him wrapped around her. Still, their only point of contact was their lips.
He tilted his head, fitting his mouth more securely over hers. Without conscious thought, she opened for him, waiting for the first possessive thrust of his tongue. He brushed over her bottom lip, tasting her as he’d said. She arched closer, anxious now, more than ready for a more intimate exchange.
His tongue explored her lips for a moment longer, then he pulled away. “First things first.”
He stepped back and Ashley felt his absence more tangibly than his light touch. What a tease! She’d wanted that kiss, a real tongue-tangling, head-spinning kiss. It was the first time in her life a wildly attractive man had given her a second look, much less threatened/promised to seduce her. Despite all the logical reasons to avoid any sort of entanglement with him, she’d really wanted to feel his lips moving over hers and his tongue easing into her mouth. Would it have been soft and slow or firm and possessive? Maybe Rodytes didn’t use their tongues when they kissed. She shook off the sensual haze and moved away from the door.
Ashley was a realist. She understood her strengths and weaknesses. She was clever and ambitious, personable and fun. But her face was too round, her hips too wide, and her tummy would never be flat. If Bandar realized how much his touch affected her, he’d use the weapon again and again. Her loneliness was a weakness he could exploit, so she had to make damn sure he didn’t see it. “Is this where you brought me when I was injured? Can you teleport at will?”
As usual he evaded her questions. “How much do you know about your father’s research?” He retrieved his beverage and sat on the loveseat to the left of the bed, looking right at home in the austere setting. Even without the flight suit or whatever he called the all black garment, he appeared grim and militant.
“Why should I answer your questions when you never answer any of mine?” Annoyance allowed her to ignore the electric awareness his retreat had left behind. He intended to seduce her? Why would he say something like that, even if it was true? So you’ll obsess about the possibility. He needs you uncertain, off-balance. Mission accomplished.
“If the others think I’ve told you too much, they’ll insist on scrubbing your memory.”
She tensed, her steps dragging as she moved toward the nearest chair. “You can scrub memories?”
“I can’t, but there are several ways it can be done. None of them are pleasant.”
If they could scrub memories, they could likely strip information as well. She sank onto the chair, trying not to panic. Was this why he’d brought her here? How desperately did they need this information? “Can they…” Her mouth refused to utter the words.
“Yes. They can extract memories as well as erase them, but it’s painful and often damaging. Just answer honestly and this will all be over.”
Somehow she doubted it would be that simple, but she’d run out of other options. “My mother hired people to deal with my father’s belongings after he died. She had no desire to be subjected to such ‘unpleasantness’. They took his desktop and laptop computers, but Dad was fanatical about redundant backups and didn’t trust cloud storage. I know of a couple places he could have stashed an external hard drive or even a second laptop.”
His expression didn’t change. If he was pleased by her cooperation, he could have at least cracked a smile. “Where?”
“I won’t tell you until I know why you want his research. My father’s work was highly controversial because of all the horrible things that can be done with his techniques.”
Bandar lapsed into silence and he stared off into space, his expression suddenly blank. What was he doing? Then her imagination engaged and her eyes widened. Was he telepathic? Nazerel had obviously been expecting him, yet she’d never heard Bandar contact him and they had been in the same room the entire time.
“The others have agreed to let me explain the basic nature of our mission.”
There was no way she was letting this slide. “Were you just speaking to someone with your mind? What else can you do?”
“Many Rodytes are telepathic and anyone who joins the military is fitted with bio-integrated nanites that ensure we never lose contact with our comrades.”
He hadn’t told her which alternative applied to him, but the detail wasn’t important. And she hadn’t really expected him to rattle off his other abilities. He was way too secretive for that. “Why did ‘the others’ change their minds?”
“You were aware of our existence before your run-in with my shadow, so the damage was already done.”
The damage. Truer words had never been spoken. Her exposure to Rodytes had shaped her life in ways Bandar would never understand. “And they’re not going to wipe my memory when you’re finished?”
“No.” He looked as if he’d say more then glanced away.
It was easy to guess what he’d left unsaid. Everyone already thought she was crazy so no one would believe her even if she called a press conference. Sadly, he was probably right. “So convince me to help you. Why do you need my father’s research?”
“I mentioned the battle born earlier. Do you remember what the term means?”
“Your mother was basically a prisoner of war. I still don’t understand how abusing females will help anyone win a war, but I remember what you told me.”
“To understand fully, you must understand what caused the war.”
She’d asked for this, yet already she was regretting her persistence. The concept of war brides was so upsetting, she wasn’t sure she wanted to know more. “Go on. I’m listening.”
“There was an uprising on Bilarri many centuries ago. Those who couldn’t manipulate magic could no longer tolerate—”
“Hold on. You mentioned magic before. What sort of magic are you talking about?”
He smiled then rubbed his eyes. Were his contacts bothering him? She was still really curious to see his natural appearance. “It’s hard for humans to imagine, but Bilarrians can heal with a touch, shape change, and teleport from one planet to another, among many other abilities. They ruthlessly managed their bloodlines to maximize these powers. And anyone without significant abilities was deemed unworthy, flawed. My ancestors rebelled against the injustice and were exiled as a result. They were forced to colonize a primitive planet called Rodymia. Over the centuries that followed, they focused on creating technologies that could reproduce Bilarrian abilities.”
“Then we didn’t actually teleport. It was some sort of transportation machine?”
“Correct. We call it bio-streaming.”
He seemed hesitant to go on, which wasn’t surprising. She’d made her opinion about war brides more than obvious. “Who started the war?”
“Depends who you ask. My people consider the banishment the first act of aggression while Bilarrians claim we were the first to draw blood. Regardless, the war has dragged on for many generations and there is no end in sight.”
“Sorry, but I don’t see how this justifies taking war brides.”
“By forcing out every person who had no significant magic power, Bilarrians robbed us of any hope we had of regaining the abilities they take for granted.”
“What difference does that make if you have technologies that do the same thing?”
“A very common question. Technology, however sophisticated, is artificial and fallible. It’s an inferior substitute for what is rightfully ours. Magic is elemental; it’s part of our DNA. Or at least it was meant to be.”
“Then it’s all about magic. How does capturing Bilarrian females… They’re forced to have babies so the babies will inherit their mother’s powers.” She shuddered. This wasn’t making her any more sympathetic to the Rodyte cause. “Your father captured your mother and raped her repeatedly until she got pregnant, hoping you would be born with magic powers? Oh my God. This is even worse than I imagined.”
His hands fisted on his knees and a subtle flash of light erupted behind his contacts. “I’m not defending the practice. I’m explaining the society into which I was born. I did not choose this life. None of us did. I’m desperately trying to create a future where war brides are obsolete.”
She took a deep breath and focused on his last statement. Any child born of rape was as much a victim as the woman who had suffered the abuse. It wasn’t fair to lash out at Bandar. “Now that’s a cause I can get behind. Tell me more.”
“About sixty percent of battle born daughters are able to manipulate magic at least to some degree. Battle born sons, on the other hand, are all born latent. We have recently learned that the ability to manipulate magic has been reintroduced into our genetics. We are just unable to access it.”
“And that’s where my father comes in.” Her father’s work in genomic transcription had been visionary, and dangerous. His focus had been curing diseases, but other, less noble application quickly became apparent.
Bandar nodded. “We briefly believed that all it would take to drastically improve those statistics was to find mates among Earth’s population.”
Trepidation washed over her, chilling her skin and drying out her mouth. “You’re here to find human mates or to take them?”
“Neither. As I’m sure you know, if something sounds too good to be true, it usually is. One of Nazerel’s contacts gave him a computer file filled with information we believed to be extremely important. My brother had his people double check the information and they quickly determined that the claims were gross exaggerations and filled with inaccuracies.”
She had so many questions. Who was Nazerel’s contact and what were these men ultimately trying to accomplish? Humans couldn’t manipulate magic—at least none of the humans she knew could—so how would mating with humans restore magic to the battle born?
Rather than bombarding him with the questions twisting through her mind, she focused on one issue at a time. “Are you hoping to unlock your latent abilities or simply pass them on to your children?”
“Either, maybe both. We’re ready for significant change and we think Earth holds the key to unlocking our potential.”
“But why? No one on Earth can do magic. Sure, there are those who claim to be psychic, but I’ve never seen magic like you’ve described.”
He scooted to the edge of his seat and rested his hands on his thighs. “During the original exile there was a large group of rebels who escaped and settled on Earth rather than subjecting themselves to the brutality of life on Rodymia. Earth was primitive too. This was thousands of years ago, but these people knew the conflict would eventually escalate into civil war and they wanted nothing to do with slaughtering their own people.”
“So you’re looking for descendants of those refugees?”
“The refugees are one group among many. People from my star system have been visiting Earth for centuries. Many believe humans descend from one of our three planets. There are too many similarities for it all to be coincidental.”
She wasn’t sure what to make of that staggering revelation, so she just nodded. “I’m still not sure how this all ties together.”
Bandar echoed her nod. “I’m not a scientist, so it’s hard for me to explain, but something in the DNA of those descendants can unlock our latent abilities.”
“And how will that make life better? I still don’t understand why magic is so important to you? Billons of people on Earth survive just fine without it.”
He stilled, his expression hardened and his eyes looked especially flat. She wished he’d take off the stupid contacts so she’d have some hope of understanding what he was thinking. “It’s a sad irony, but history is repeating itself on Rodymia. My planet was founded by people who were persecuted and abused because of their inability to control magic. Those founders would be horrified if they saw the current treatment of the battle born. We’ve been forsaken, cast out for exactly the same reasons that originally motivated the founders to rebel.”
“Give me specific examples. This is a lot to take in.”
His tone grew mechanical, his expression even more distant. “If a battle born daughter is empowered she’s treated with respect, revered and treasured by her family. However, if she is unable to manipulate magic, she’s insignificant, worthy only of menial labor or worse. Powerless battle born daughters are often sold to brothels, others are treated like servants by their own families. And it’s even worse for battle born sons. None of us can control magic, so we’re all considered defective. Many are abandoned or sold to the military.”
“That’s horrible, but why is unleashing your magic the only option? Can’t you find a society that doesn’t care? Not being able to work magic wouldn’t be a stigma on Earth. As I said, the vast majority of humans are in the same boat.”
“It’s instinctive. My body knows that mystic energy should be flowing through every molecule I possess. It’s a hunger, no, a craving that cannot be ignored.”
She couldn’t pretend to understand what he meant. Magic had never been a part of her life. Still, it didn’t sound that different than the various forms of prejudice peppering human history. Demeaning an entire segment of the population because of something they couldn’t control was wrong, plain and simple. “You realize my father’s work is still theoretical, right? His processes have never been tested in a live host, much less a human being.”
He cleared his throat before he admitted, “We have strong indications that that’s not accurate. We know he was working with Rodyte scientists and they had moved well beyond simulations when Pern was killed.”
Pern? Wait he’d said that name before. “I’m sorry, I’ve forgotten. Who is Pern?”
“Was. Pern Keire was Crown Stirate during the years your father collaborated with Rodyte scientists.”
“And now they’re both dead.” She shivered. “My father’s death was ruled a suicide, but I never believed it. I think something he did or something he was about to do made him too dangerous to keep around.”
“Pern’s death was unrelated, but your suspicions about your father are likely right. He was dealing with some very dangerous people, both Rodyte and human.”
“This is so strange.” She rubbed her eyes and relaxed back in her chair. “I spent years in therapy trying to convince myself that none of this was real.”
“It’s real.” He paused for a surprisingly warm smile. “I am real.”
Awareness leapt between them again and Ashley fiddled with the hem of her T-shirt. She looked like she was ready to scrub the bathroom floor not entertain an alien. Why hadn’t she chosen a more flattering outfit? Because none of your clothes are flattering. She’d struggled with her weight since she was a teen and being surrounded by ultra-fit warriors wasn’t easing her self-consciousness. She sat up and adjusted the fall of her T-shirt, trying to hide the slight curve of her stomach.
“Have I answered all of your questions?” Bandar asked after a long pause.
She looked at him and felt another rush of warmth. Damn the man was gorgeous, so virile and masculine. She cleared her throat and resisted the urge to lick her lips. “Tell me about your brother. Is he battle born?”
He seemed surprised by the question, so his willingness to explain surprised her. “I have two brothers. Garin is older and he was born to Karli, our father’s morautu, his chosen mate. Zilor is younger, and like me, he is battle born.”
“How did your father’s chosen mate feel about her husband capturing war brides?”
“Karli died three hours after Garin was born. That’s what drove our father back to war. He had retired from the military when Karli agreed to bond with him.”
“I’m sorry. That must have been horrible for everyone.”
“I never knew my father before Karli’s death, but those who did say it really changed him.”
She sighed, not wanting to anger him, but unable to remain quiet. “So he took it out on a Bilarrian female?” Before he could respond to that question, another even more troubling thought occurred to her. “What happens to the war brides after they have their babies?”
“They’re released unharmed, of course.”
“Without their child? How is that ‘unharmed’?” His entire body tensed again and his hands clenched into fists. “I’m sorry, but that’s despicable.”
“Again, I do not condone the practice. I likely find it even more despicable than you do.”
“You’re right. I’m sorry.” She should just let the subject drop, but now that it had turned to specific details about Bandar, she was curious. “You said your younger brother is also battle born. Do you have the same mother?”
“No. And I’ve grown tired of the subject.” He pushed to his feet and walked around the coffee table, stopping directly in front of her. “I’ve been more than indulgent, Ashley. No more stalling. Where can I find your father’s backups?”

Chapter Three

Bandar stared down at Ashley his heart thudding wildly in his chest. He wanted to pull her to her feet and kiss her into submission, or better yet pick her up and carry her to the bed where they could fully explore the attraction pulsing between them. He’d never had so much trouble keeping his mind on his mission and it was obvious she was feeling it too.
“Where did your father hide the backups?” The question was as much a self-reminder to stay on task as it was a demand for information. Damn the woman was distracting.
“He has a hunting lodge way up in the Catskills, but I have to take you there. It’s not on any map.” Mischief glinted in her eyes, making them luminous and vibrantly green.
No longer able to resist his need to touch her, he grasped her upper arms and slowly pulled her to her feet. Her soft warm body rubbed against his the entire way up, stoking the need already smoldering inside him. “You don’t have an address or GPS coordinates? That’s a little hard to believe.” Speaking of hard. Just holding her this close had him hard and aching all over again.
She leaned back slightly and tilted her head so she could look into his eyes. “It’s really secluded and no one has been up there since my father died. The access road is probably overgrown.” Her breasts pressed against his chest with each anxious breath and yet she didn’t seem frightened or even uncertain. She allowed his hold, neither pressing closer, nor pulling away.
“Give me directions to the closest intersection. I can find it from there.”
She shook her head, her tongue peeking out to brush across her lower lip. “If the backups are there, he’ll have them secured. You need me to gain access.”
He narrowed his gaze on her flushed face, wishing he could sense her emotions. Had she intentionally drawn his attention to her mouth or was she just nervous? “You’ll be safer if I leave you here.” As long as he wasn’t here with her, yearning to possess her with every breath he took.
Her lips parted as if she’d object then she twisted out of his hold and hurried out of reach. “I need to be part of this. You’re trying to recapture your legacy. Well, this is mine.” She sounded sincere, but she wouldn’t look at him now. Likely, she was simply struggling with her desire. Still, there was a chance she was hiding something important, something potentially harmful to him or his mission.
Hearing his own thoughts, he gave himself a mental shake. When had he become so paranoid? Ashley was an innocent in need of protection. She’d been drawn into this conflict because of his interest in her father’s work. Of course she was nervous. “You can be involved without being directly in danger.”
“I don’t believe you.” She glanced at him then looked away. “As soon as you have his research, I’m no longer useful.”
He still had all sorts of uses for her, but it was doubtful she’d find the fact comforting. He wasn’t doing a very good job of keeping his mind on the task at hand. “If the information is as valuable as I believe, you’ll deserve some sort of reward.”
Another telling blush spread across her creamy cheeks. Her gaze shifted back to his and lingered. “Do I get to choose my reward? You never really answered me before.” The sensual heat in her eyes made it obvious she wasn’t thinking about money.
He closed the distance between them and wrapped his arm around her waist. His other hand pushed into her unbound hair, cradling the back of her head. “Name it and it’s yours.” He leaned down and whispered the words against her lips, needing to be sure this was what she wanted. No matter how much he wanted her, he would not exploit her vulnerability.
She shivered then her eyes drifted shut. “As tempting as I find you—” she eased her hands between them and pushed him back, “—what I really want is information about my father’s death.” Only after she’d delivered the rebuff did she open her eyes again.
“I’m going to look into your father’s death regardless of what I find in the morning.” He lowered his arms and closed his hands into fists, unsure if he was capable of keeping his distance. He’d felt drawn to Ashley from the first moment he saw her, huddled on her living room floor covered in blood. She’d ignited a possessive sort of protectiveness that hadn’t subsided since.
Never before had the mere sight of a female shattered his composure. It had to be because she was human. But Morgan was human. Why hadn’t he felt this way with her?
“Thank you.” Ashley’s soft voice pulled him back from his convoluted thoughts. She stood just out of reach and a hint of sadness crept into her expression. She’d pushed him away, so why did she look so miserable?
She’d said this research was her legacy. Perhaps she just wanted to remain in the loop. “I can update you on our progress, if you like. It will all become public knowledge at some point anyway.”
Her brow arched and her head tilted as she processed the implications of his careless statement. “You’ve been hiding your presence for decades. Why go public now?”
If and when Garin’s scientists found a way to unlock the latent powers of the battle born, hundreds of thousands of battle born sons would swarm to Earth ready to pay whatever price demanded of them to access the treatment. Still, that day could be years away or it might never happen at all. Many had tried to solve this mystery and many had failed. He had no idea why he’d brought up the possibility now.
“It’s almost impossible to hide our activities when every human has a camera built into their phone.” Bandar shrugged with forced indifference. “It’s almost inevitable that we’ll be discovered. That’s all I meant.” It was obvious she didn’t believe him and another lame excuse would only reinforce her suspicions. So he didn’t waste his time or insult her intelligence by trying to smooth over the blunder.
“You still need to take me with you.” She squared her shoulders and raised her chin. He was rapidly becoming familiar with that stubborn expression.
“And why is that?” He glanced at the loveseat, wondering if he should sit back down. What he really wanted to do was take off as many of their clothes as she’d allow and get into bed. He knew she wasn’t ready for sex, but he desperately wanted to hold her, touch her, see how far she’d let things progress.
“Even if you managed to find the cabin, which is doubtful, Dad had a thing for biometric security. Unless you have his retina scan on file, you’ll need me to get into his safe.”
He sighed, a bit of his desire receding. Circumventing biometric security was time-consuming. A fast, stealthy operation made more sense. Finding the information was just the beginning. Then Garin’s research team would need to complete the work. “You’re certain your scans will trigger the locks? I thought you and your father were estranged.”
“Our relationship was rocky, but he needed to set up a beneficiary and the only alternative was my mother. I think he knew he was in trouble. He made sure I knew where everything was and he sent me updated passwords and encryption keys every time he changed something.”
Bandar milled that over for a moment. Nazerel could scan her mind for the location of the cabin then teleport her to the spot. Then the Crusader could use Nazerel’s signal to stream Bandar to their location. It would be much easier than tromping around in the woods for hours, hoping to stumble across the secluded cabin. “We’d have to be fast and focused. In and out. No distractions.”
A triumphant smile flashed across her face before she managed to reel it in. “I can do that.” She sat back down, perching on the edge of her chair.
He wasn’t nearly as confident as she was, but there didn’t seem to be a better option. “It’s been less than a year since your father died. Are you sure you’re all right with this?” The last thing he needed was an emotional female compromising the mission.
“I miss him, but as you said, we weren’t close.”
He wasn’t sure he believed her, yet he had no way to prove or disprove her claim. He needed to think things over, make sure he wasn’t missing a potential danger. “We both need to get some sleep.” He motioned toward the bed at the other end of the room. “Morgan is expecting us for breakfast and I want to leave immediately after the meal.”
“Who is Morgan and don’t forget that you promised to show me your eyes.”
The concealment film was annoying anyway. He’d be happy to keep his promise. “I haven’t forgotten and Morgan is Nazerel’s human mate. She’s the highest authority at the Bunker. I believe her title is director.”
“How long have they been together? How did they meet?”
He smiled though weariness crept through his system. Rodytes didn’t require as much sleep as humans and soldiers were conditioned to survive on even less. Still, he’d already been up for thirty hours when he streamed into Ashley’s loft. “Both are good questions to ask at breakfast. We really should get some sleep.”
She pushed back to her feet and approached him cautiously. “I’d like to see your knife first. How is it able to change shape?”
He’d already revealed more than he’d intended to tell her. What difference would one more detail make? He slipped his hand into his pocket and pulled out the folded blade. “It’s called a flexblade, for obvious reasons. It takes rigorous training and years of practice to master its use, so many choose less demanding weapons. Because of its challenges, flexblades have also become a sort of status symbol, like a black belt in karate.”
Her gaze narrowed, forming adorable little crinkles above her nose. “Your understanding of Earth seems patchy at best. Why do you know about black belts and karate?”
“I’m a soldier.” He shrugged. “I’ve studied the fighting techniques of countless worlds, including yours.” When she merely nodded in response, he went on. “This is the flexblade’s most compact form. The alloy contains millions of nanites that are able to expand and contract, forming a variety of shapes and sizes.” He unfolded the knife then slid his thumb along the upper edge of the handle, triggering the first transformation. The pocket knife swelled and reshaped, becoming an ornate dagger. He squeezed the grip three times in quick succession and the dagger transformed into a long, lethal sword.
Her gaze grew wider with each new form. “That’s seriously cool. But why bother with blades when guns are so much more effective?”
Her curiosity was endearing, yet it could also be dangerous. She would be infinitely safer if she were a little more reserved. “We frequently fight in space. Blasting holes in the hull of our ship is counterproductive to winning a battle, but this isn’t just a sword. It can also launch energy pulses and incapacitate with sonic bursts.”
She looked at the sword with renewed interest, tilting her head this way and that. The golden hilt was decoratively sculpted and an intricate pattern had been etched into both sides of the long silvery blade. Each Rodyte who earned the right to carry a flexblade took time to personalize their weapon. The nanites could produce anything the warrior imagined, but the process was time-consuming and tedious. It had taken Bandar several years to perfect this pattern. He was proud of the result.
“If this thing is also a gun, why didn’t you shoot your shadow?” There was no accusation in her tone, just mild curiosity.
“He flashed out before I had the chance, besides I didn’t want to draw unnecessary attention to the situation. We’re not ready to step into the spotlight.” Questions lingered in her gaze, but she only nodded. Purple smudges shadowed her eyes and she looked unusually pale. “Are you feeling woozy again? You didn’t eat much of that candy.”
She waved away his concern as he reversed the transformations and put the knife back in his pocket. “Show me your eyes and then I’ll go lie down. I must admit I’m fading fast.”
He’d need to reinsert the coverings in the morning, so he found a glass in the kitchen area and filled it half full of water. Then he dragged the curved pieces of film off the surface of his eyes and blinked repeatedly, thrilled to be free of the irritant.
After depositing the coverings in the glass of water, he turned to face her again. “My mother was from the San Adrin region of Bilarri, which is why my phitons are gold rather than blue. You can usually spot a full-blooded—they like to call themselves organic—Rodyte because their phitons are blue and they also have blue streaks in their hair. As soon as Bilarrian blood is allowed into the mix…” What little color remained in her face drained away as she stared unblinkingly at his eyes. “Ashley?”
Her lips began to tremble and then her entire body started shaking. Tears filled her eyes and a low, mournful sound escaped her throat. He rushed across the room and grasped her elbows as her knees buckled. Unsure what else to do, he swept her into his arms and carried her to the bed, sitting on the side with her cradled against his chest.
“It’s okay. I’ve got you.” He rocked her, somewhat relieved when she wrapped her arms around him and pressed her face into the side of his neck.
“It’s real,” she whispered the words against his throat, her tears dampening his skin. “It’s all real.”
For a long time he just rocked her, stroking her hair and whispering nonspecific encouragements. He wasn’t sure how to help her beyond just letting her cry. Why had seeing his eyes set her off? The revelation hadn’t been unexpected, so this couldn’t be shock.
“Talk to me, angel. Why are you so upset?”
She eased away so she could see his face, one of her hands drifting from his back to his chest. “They made me think I was crazy, that I’d made it all up.” She took a deep breath and then another, her gaze locked with his. Then she lightly touched his face, her thumb sweeping back and forth just below his eye. “You have no idea what it’s been like. Every time I’ve seen one of you something stressful was happening. Even tonight. I stumbled upon an intruder, so I was hopped-up on adrenaline. I’d started to believe it was all a trick of my imagination, some sort of coping mechanism. I’ve been at this so long, part of me expected you to turn around and say, ‘See. There is no such thing as aliens.’”
“I can’t do that.” He smiled, resisting the urge to turn his head and kiss her palm. “I happen to be an alien and you are not crazy.”
She blew out a shaky sigh and dried her cheeks with the back of her hand. “This entire day has been surreal. I felt like I was sleepwalking or lost in a daydream. Then I looked into your eyes, your real eyes, and everything just sort of crashed in on me.”
“That’s understandable. You’ve gone through a lot today. I’m sorry it overwhelmed you.”
She lingered on his lap either unaware of their intimate position or needing the comfort enough to contradict her earlier objections. She dragged her gaze away from his face and lowered her hand. “Dad never defended me.” Even whispered, the words were brittle and harsh. “He knew it was all true and yet he let my mother drag me from one therapist to another. Mom thought she was moving heaven and earth to find a cure for her ‘crazy’ daughter, but Dad knew there was nothing wrong with me.” A harsh sob tore through her and then she whispered, “She had me institutionalized for eight months when I was seventeen and Dad did nothing.” Her chin quivered and a fresh rush of tears escaped her eyes. “I was too ashamed to admit that to any of her friends. I’m not sure why I told you.”
He was starting to think he knew why she felt comfortable with him, but she was certainly not ready to hear it. He shrugged instead, minimizing the significance. “Sometimes it’s easier to talk to a stranger. Go on. I’m a good listener.”
“Mom pulled me out of school and hired private tutors. The shrinks told her stress could trigger another ‘episode’, so she treated me like a damaged child who might flip out at any moment.” A harsh sob shook her shoulders. “I wasn’t damaged. I’d just seen something I wasn’t supposed to see.”
He tightened his embrace, guiding her head back to his shoulder. “It’s over now. You know the truth and that’s all that matters.” He didn’t rush her. She obviously needed the release, so he just rocked her and stroked her hair.
When she finally lifted her head and looked back into his eyes, she appeared calmer, more composed. “I’m sorry.”
“You have nothing to apologize for. None of this was your fault and all of it was traumatic.” He brushed her hair back from her face, his fingers reluctant to leave the softness of her skin. “You’re also exhausted.”
She nodded and crawled off his lap, sitting on the bed beside him. “Will you behave if I let you share the bed with me?”
“This is my cabin. You better hope I’m willing to share my bed with you.” He smiled, trying to lighten her mood.
“Oh, it’s going to be like that, is it?” She pulled off her shoes and then her socks. “Will you please let me share the bed? I’d rather not sleep on the floor and we’re both too tall for the loveseat.”
“You have an open invitation to share my bed.” He punctuated the statement with another playful smile, but heat spiraled through his body.
They pulled down the bedding together and he deactivated the lights before stripping off his jeans. Much to his surprise, she shed her pants as well then climbed into bed beside him. He lay on his back and stared up at the ceiling, trying to ignore her scent. She lay on her side, facing away from him. Her breathing seemed shallow and erratic, so he rolled up onto his side. It took him a few minutes to realize she was crying again. She stubbornly fought each sob in an effort to remain silent.
He slipped his arm under her neck and pulled her back into the curve of his body. She tensed for a second, then released a shuddering sob and rolled toward him. Her face pressed against his chest and their legs entwined. One of her arms wrapped around him, her hand clutching his back. He didn’t bother with words, had no idea what to say. He just held her securely until she cried herself to sleep.
* * * * *
A telepathic ping echoed through Bandar’s brain, drawing him back to reality. Judging from the intensity of the sensation, it wasn’t Nazerel’s first attempt to awaken him. Go ahead. I’m more or less awake. He carefully lifted Ashley’s arm from across his waist and disentangled their legs, determined not to think about how nice it felt to wake up with her pressed against him. She was his assignment. He should have eased away as soon as she fell asleep.
I let you sleep as long as I could. Dr. Irron is desperate to speak with you.
Did he tell you why?
Nope. Just said he needs you back on the Crusader as soon as possible.
Bandar looked at Ashley and hesitated. He didn’t want her to wake up alone in a strange place.
She won’t even know you left if you hurry, Nazerel pointed out, apparently guessing the reason for the pause.
Monitor the room. If she gets restless, let her know I’ll be back as soon as I can.
Nazerel chuckled. Careful, Bandar. As I found out the hard way, human females are addictive. Go see Irron. I’ll watch over your reluctant guest.
Bandar took a lightning-fast shower and donned a fresh uniform, then jogged to the departure deck and contacted the ship. He was streamed to the infirmary a few seconds later.
“What’s so urgent?” he asked as Dr. Irron turned to face him. “Disappearing without explanation isn’t helping me earn her trust.”
“I was reviewing the summery reports from the unit that regenerated her stab wounds and found some damn strange readings. I was curious about the anomalies, so I ran some other tests.”
“What sort of anomalies?”
“Genetic. Someone made significant changes to her DNA.”
“For what purpose?” Bandar crossed his arms over his chest, dreading the conversation awaiting him when he returned to Ashley. Had Daniel Kane been ruthless enough to experiment on his own daughter? Was Ashley aware of the changes or had she been deceived in some way?
“I’m not certain yet. If I knew the specifics of Kane’s protocols, it would be much easier to figure out exactly what was done to Ashley.”
“How do you even know Kane was involved?”
Irron rolled his eyes. “These aren’t simple changes. There had to have been multiple procedures over a period of years. Who else would she have trusted enough to subject herself to something like that?”
“So what do you want from me? We haven’t found the backups yet.”
“The commander said you’d likely return her to her loft once the backups were found.” Irron squared his shoulders and looked into Bandar’s eyes. “I think that would be a mistake. I know you’re trying to minimize her exposure, but she could be as valuable to our research as her father’s notes.”
“You want me to bring her here, so you can experiment on her? That’s never going to happen.”
“Nazerel and the humans found Sevrin’s lab during the final raid. It’s well-equipped and self-contained. Most of the damage has been repaired and the humans have agreed to let us use it. A team of Garin’s scientists are on their way. They should arrive within the week.”
“And if we don’t find the backups?” Bandar’s shoulders were starting to twitch, so he unfolded his arms and relaxed the tense muscles. His hands remained clenched.
Irron’s words were calm and concise, as if he chose each one in an effort to remain non-confrontational. “Without her father’s notes, it’s even more important that we have access to Ashley. She’s living, breathing documentation of his progress.”
“Again, that’s only true if her father was the one who screwed with her DNA. We have no proof of that.”
“Even if Kane wasn’t the one who engineered the changes, we need to understand what was accomplished and why she tolerated the treatment so well.”
“I’ll think about it.” Bandar turned to go, but Irron grabbed his arm, stopping him.
“Bring her to the Farm, that’s what the humans call the complex. Nazerel knows where it is.”
Without actually agreeing, Bandar twisted his arm free of Irron’s light grasp and left the infirmary.
* * * * *
Ashley woke up alone, in a strange bed, surrounded by Bandar’s scent. She had no idea when he’d left or where he’d gone. She sat up and looked around, momentarily confused by the setting. The lights were dim, but she could make out the basic layout of the apartment. The Bunker. He’d brought her to this secret complex late last night and they’d been greeted by his fierce-looking cousin, Nazerel. Then Bandar told her about the plight of the battle born and he’d showed her his gold-ringed eyes. Phitons, the rings in a Rodytes eyes were called phitons. That was when she started blubbering like a twelve-year-old who was terrified of what she’d sworn she wanted. For sixteen years, she’d searched for proof that aliens were real. Finally, she stood face-to-face with one of the elusive beings and she fell apart. How humiliating.
Well, it wasn’t going to happen again. She’d been exhausted, both physically and emotionally. Now she was fully awake and ready to face the day. She threw back the covers and swung her legs over the side of the bed. Apparently sensing her movements, the lights gradually brightened. Hopefully the bathroom would be as user friendly. She grabbed her overnight bag off the floor where Bandar had dropped it the night before and approached one of two doors in the room. She knew the other one led to the corridor, so it stood to reason that this one was the bathroom.
Her logic was sound and she wasted no time in making herself more presentable. If she hadn’t missed breakfast already, she wanted to appear a little more composed when Bandar returned. After using the facilities, she took a quick shower and put on clean clothes. Her outfit was still casual, jeans and a short-sleeved sweater, but at least she was wearing a bra this time.
She had just put on her shoes and was working her damp hair into a loose braid when Bandar returned.
He held up a steaming mug with a distracted smile. “I thought you might enjoy a cup of coffee while you were getting ready. Looks like I’m too late.”
“I’ll never say no to coffee.” She took the mug from his hand and returned his smile.
His gaze quickly swept her from head to toe before settling on her face. “You look refreshed. Did you sleep well?” He was wearing contacts again, concealing the golden rings in his dark eyes.
She nodded as she took a sip. It was strong and hot, but not bitter. She preferred it with cream and just a touch of sugar, but there was no way she was going to complain. He’d been amazing last night, patient and comforting, the perfect gentlemen, even as she wrapped herself around him and wouldn’t let go. She’d been so distracted by her surging emotions when their cuddlefest started that she hadn’t cared that their bare legs were tangled or that her entire body was pressed against his. But the emotions gradually eased and she became painfully aware of how intimately he held her. She should have pulled away, disentangled their limbs and put some space between them. He was being gallant, compassionate, and she was taking advantage of his kindness. And still she stayed. She rested her head on his shoulder and lightly caressed his chest, unable to still the restless motion of her hand. She didn’t remember falling asleep. All she knew was she felt safe and protected for the first time in her life, so she’d savored the sensations.
Shaking away the pleasant memory, she focused on the present. He’d obviously showered and shaved, and borrowed an outfit from Nazerel. Bandar’s cargo pants were olive green rather than camo, but the black T-shirt looked identical to the one his cousin had been wearing the night before. Bandar’s smooth skin accented the strength of his jaw and the jutting angle of his cheekbones. He’d also combed his thick hair straight back from his face. Without the messy waves to soften his appearance, he looked even more dangerous.
“If you’re ready, they’re waiting in Morgan’s office.”
“Is that where you’ve been?” Rather than risk walking around an unfamiliar environment with hot coffee in her hand, she set the half-full mug aside and followed him from the room. “Did you sleep at all? You were looking pretty ragged last night too.”
“I’ve been up about an hour. There were some things I needed to do before we head off into the mountains.”
As usual, he hadn’t really answered her question. The details of his obligations weren’t her concern, so she allowed the evasion. “Are we driving to the cabin or can you bio-stream us there without an address?” She had no idea how the as yet unseen machine worked, but she was anxious to learn more about it.
“Nazerel will have to get us started, but we’ll make it work.”
That caught her attention. She knew even less about Nazerel than she did about Bandar. “Isn’t Nazerel battle born? What can he do that you can’t?”
“Nazerel is unique. Suffice it to say, he can do many things I can’t.”
They lapsed into silence when he offered no other information. Figures. Bandar was frustratingly closed mouthed about everything. Besides, Ashley didn’t even know enough about Nazerel to decide what else she wanted to know so she just walked along at his side. It was one long, boring corridor after another until they came to a cafeteria bustling with people. She only caught a glimpse of the large room before his hand pressed against the small of her back, urging her onward.
“How many people does Morgan command? I had no idea this place was that big.”
His only answer was a secretive smile.
They arrived a few minutes later and Bandar ushered her into a moderate-sized office. The work area was set up at one end of the rectangular room and a small round table at the other. As with everywhere else in the Bunker, there was no natural light. Ashley was starting to wonder if the complex was hidden inside a mountain or buried underground.
Nazerel sat at the table with a beautiful redhead. Was this Morgan? She wore a crisp white dress shirt and dark pants and her hair was pulled back into a severe twist. Even so, her features were sculpted into the elegant curves of classical beauty. She looked more like an off-duty actress than a military leader.
Bandar motioned toward the woman, clearly amused by Ashley’s reaction. “This is Director Morgan Hoyt, my cousin’s chosen mate.”
Morgan stood and shook Ashley’s hand. Her grip was firm, her gaze direct. “Nazerel told me your name is Ashley. It’s nice to meet you.”
“Likewise.” Bandar pulled out a chair for Ashley then sat beside her, which put him on Nazerel’s left.
A large tray had been set on the table, but the dishes remained covered by three silver domes. “The food just arrived. Everything should still be hot.” Nazerel sounded hopeful as he reached for one of the covers.
Morgan seemed more interested in Ashley than their breakfast. “Are you a scientist like your father?”
“I’m not sure there are any scientists like my father.” Sadness hampered her smile. Despite their difficulties, she’d always idolized her father. “Unfortunately, I inherited most of my aptitudes from my mother.”
“Do you know where we can find his research?” Nazerel asked, not wasting time with small talk. “It’s extremely important that we locate it.”
“I’m aware and I’ve told Bandar all I know.” Were all Rodytes so direct? It wasn’t exactly rude, but it was starting to annoy her.
“You’ll have to excuse my husband,” Morgan said. “He passed on some information that proved to be less than accurate, so he thinks it’s his responsibility to rectify the situation.”
“It is my responsibility,” Nazerel insisted, his grim expression making him look even more intimidating. “I should have considered the source and verified the information before I made my move. Instead I believed what I needed to believe and gave everyone false hope.”
Bandar chuckled, drawing Ashley’s attention to his handsome face. They’d known each other for less than twenty-four hours, so why did she find his presence so comforting? “You’re overestimating your powers of persuasion. We were cautiously optimistic at best. None of us believed it as fact.”
Morgan motioned toward the generous mounds of food, fluffy scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, cottage potatoes, and several varieties of toast. “Please, help yourself.”
Ashley was too tense to be very hungry, but she didn’t want to insult her hostess so she spooned a small portion of everything onto her plate. “How did this false information lead you to my father?”
“When the report I gave Garin proved false, his research team dug deeper.” Nazerel paused. “Do you know who Garin is?”
Ashley nodded. “Bandar’s older brother. He’s some sort of big shot in the Rodyte military.”
“Exactly.” Nazerel’s expression relaxed, taking him from intimidating to intense. “Garin’s team traced the inaccurate results back to the original research project. Your father was the lead geneticist during that period.” Nazerel offered Ashley another cup of coffee before he went on.
“Even if we find every note my father ever wrote, what makes you think Garin’s team can make it work when the project failed before?”
“We’ve learned a lot since your father’s era,” Nazerel told her. “Manipulating genetics is commonplace now. What we need is his expertise on human physiology. We were disheartened to learn that he was no longer alive. We’re sorry for your loss.”
She’d heard the phrase so many times it had become meaningless. The pain of her father’s death had faded to a distant ache, but she wasn’t sure it would ever disappear completely.
Before Ashley could come up with an appropriate reply, Morgan rescued her. “Can we just enjoy breakfast for a change? You two have been grilling the poor girl nonstop since she arrived.” She took a quick bite of eggs then said, “I know you live in Tribeca. That’s an interesting neighborhood. How do you make your living?”
Ashley hesitated, knowing these action-focused people would find her occupation frivolous. “I…” There was no way to spin this so it didn’t sound trivial. “I provided private consultations for pets with emotional challenges.” She’d carefully worked out that verbiage over the years to make it sound as important as possible.
The corners of Morgan’s mouth lifted, but she managed to suppress her smile. “Do you counsel the pets or the owners?”
“Both. Often it’s the owners who are inadvertently trigging misbehavior in the pet.” She swallowed hard then rushed through her explanation, knowing their reactions would only get worse. “I identify the most likely triggers for the pet’s misbehavior then work with the owner to eliminate as many as possible. My goal is to create a harmonious environment for both pet and owner.” She glanced at Bandar and his confounded expression almost made her laugh. But rather than asking her to clarify, he turned to Nazerel and spoke in rapid Rodyte. At least she presumed it was Rodyte. She sure as heck couldn’t understand a word they were saying.
Nazerel laughed, looked at her, and then laughed again. Two seconds later Bandar joined in.
Ashley’s cheeks flamed and she dropped her gaze to her plate, too humiliated to withstand their expressions.
Morgan reached over and placed her hand on Ashley’s forearm. “They’re acting like asses—which isn’t unusual when they’re together—but they’re not laughing at you. Many long-range ships are assigned pleasure givers known as space pets.”
Bandar recovered enough to speak. “I’m sorry. I couldn’t picture you as part of the pleasure industry. You’re much too…respectable.”
She wasn’t sure if she was insulted or amused by the description, but she was relieved to know they weren’t making fun of her. Then another thought made her tense. “Does your ship have a space pet? And do these women choose to participate in the pleasure industry or are they slaves?”
Bandar seemed insulted by the questions. “Space pets are highly skilled and well compensated professionals. The vocation is not only voluntary, but each pet must undergo regular health screenings and intensive training. No one is forced into that line of work.”
“All right. Things aren’t that simple on Earth. In fact in most states prostitution is still illegal, and human trafficking is still a very real problem.”
“If you aren’t resolving conflicts between pleasure givers and their masters, what sort of ‘pet’ do you counsel?” Bandar was obviously still confused.
“On Earth some people keep small, domesticated animals for amusement and companionship,” Ashley told him.
“What sort of animals?”
Morgan stood and walked over to her desk. “Dogs and cats mostly.” She activated the large monitor on the wall beside the table. The screen split into nine smaller screens, each displaying a video clip of a pet video. “These are dogs.” She used a laser pointer to indicate the canines. “And these are cats.” She pointed to the felines.
“And humans keep these creatures in their homes?” Bandar sounded a bit skeptical. “What about their bodily functions?”
Nazerel chuckled then slapped him on the back. “Dogs are taken for walks on leashes and cats use a small box filled with absorbent sand called litter. Instinct draws the cats back to the same location, so their ‘bodily functions’ are contained to that one area.”
Bandar’s gaze shifted between the multi-screen display and Ashley. “And people pay you to correct the misbehavior of these small creatures.”
His gaze reflected interest rather than ridicule, so she tried not to be so defensive. “Humans become incredibly attached to these creatures. They’re treated as members of the family. I do my best to maximize the enjoyment for everyone.”
That seemed to satisfy his curiosity. Without further comment he turned back to his food, so Morgan powered down the display.
“Do you have siblings?” Morgan asked as she returned to the table.
Ashley shook her head. “Both of my parents were career focused. I’m pretty sure I was an accident.”
“What about children?”
“She has yet to give birth, but she is fertile,” Bandar muttered around a mouthful of food. Then he froze, eyes widening, as he heard his own words. Slowly, he shifted his gaze to Ashley, bracing for her reaction.
“How could you possibly know that?” Tension crackled all around them though her tone remained calm.
Bandar wiped his mouth, an obvious stall tactic. “The physician that mended your wounds mentioned the fact.”
“What wounds?” Morgan asked.
Ashley ignored her, focusing entirely on Bandar. “Where is this mysterious doctor? Every time I ask for specifics, you dodge my questions. Where did you take me to be regenerated and why is my reproductive system any of your damn business?”
Bandar sighed, clearly uncomfortable with her questions. “The less you know the safer you’ll be.”
“What utter bullshit,” Morgan snapped. “Nazerel tried to use that line on me and I didn’t buy it either. She knows about aliens, dumbass. The cat is out of the bag.”
Bandar looked at Nazerel and shook his head. “I know what a cat is now, but what does the small creature have to do with any of this?”
“Figure of speech,” Nazerel told him with a smile. “It means you’ve come too far to turn back. And I’m with Morgan on this one. If Ashley knows about your mission, there’s no reason to ‘protect’ her from the rest. Besides, human females can be incredibly stubborn. She’ll keep at it until you give in, so you might as well get it over with.”
“Where did you take me?” Emboldened by her supporters, Ashley used a much sharper tone.
He turned back around and the rings in his eyes created a faint glow even through the contacts. Apparently, he didn’t like being ganged up on. “I took you to the spaceship on which I arrived. It’s called the Crusader and it currently orbits Earth. The doctor’s name is Hindel Irron and reproducing with human females will play an intricate part in why we’re here, so it was natural for him to determine your fertility.”
“How were you hurt?” Morgan asked Ashley this time.
“I walked in on Bandar’s shadow. He turned violent when I saw his face.” She didn’t bother looking at the other woman because she wasn’t finished with Bandar. “Explain what human reproduction has to do with the battle born regaining their abilities?”
Bandar remained tense and resentful, but he finally offered the information. “One of the reasons Rodytes can successfully breed with other species is because we trigger a subtle mutation in our mates that makes them more compatible with our physiology. Humans tolerate this mutation better than most.”
“Interesting, but it didn’t answer my question. How does what you just described help you regain your abilities? Or is that not the true focus of your mission?” She shifted restlessly in her chair, her food forgotten. The more she found out about his mission, the less comfortable she was with any of it. Still, not knowing was worse.
“The process is called bonding transformation. The majority of the changes take place in the female’s body, but the male goes through adjustments as well. Your father, and the other scientists, were using this naturally occurring process as a delivery mechanism for a variety of ‘targeted alterations’. Obviously, the alteration we are interested in is unleashing our latent abilities.”
“They also had some success with transferring paranormal abilities from the male to the female,” Morgan mentioned almost offhandedly.
Ashley snapped her head around and looked at Morgan. “Define ‘some success’.”
“The information Nazerel received—”
“I’m glad you brought that up.” Ashley knew she sounded bitchy, but she couldn’t help it. She’d been inundated with half-truths and evasions until she was ready to scream. “Everyone keeps dancing around the specifics. How did Nazerel receive this information and what exactly did it contain?”
“We’ve kept things vague so you wouldn’t be confused by all the details.” Morgan’s tone was smooth, soothing. “It really is a convoluted mess.”
“I might not be as smart as my father, but I’m pretty sure I can follow along.”
“All right.” Morgan paused for a sip of coffee and then showered Ashley with facts. “Your father worked for Pern Keire. His daughter Sevrin took over after his death, but she took the research in a slightly different direction. Pern was focused on producing offspring with paranormal abilities, while Sevrin tried to transfer abilities from empowered males into human females. As Bandar said, the bonding transformation was always at the heart of these experiments.”
“I’m with you so far.”
Morgan nodded, acknowledging Ashley’s statement. “We captured, or more like rescued, one of Pern’s spies. Sevrin thought he’d outlived his usefulness so she tried to kill him. He claimed to have detailed information about Sevrin’s experiments and offered the information in exchange for relocation and protection.”
“And this was the information that proved to be less accurate than the spy led you to believe?”
“Yes.” Miraculously the men remained silent as Morgan patiently answered Ashley’s questions. “We don’t know if the spy intentionally misled us or if he was fooled as well, but Garin’s team of scientists quickly punched holes in all the data. A few of the test subjects appeared to have successfully assimilated the genetic adjustments, but unfortunately their deterioration was just slower than their predecessors.”
Test subjects. Ashley shuddered. Somehow she didn’t think the FDA would ever approve these procedures for human trials. “Are they all dead?” She could understand the Rodytes’ indifference, but how could Morgan be so blasé about all of this? The Rodytes had been, likely still were, experimenting on human females!
“There’s one who appears to be completely unharmed by the transformation and she’s starting to exhibit flashes of the male’s abilities. However, there’s a protein in her blood that indicates she has more than one Rodyte in her ancestry.”
“Is that unusual?”
Morgan’s gesture was part shrug, part grimace. “It’s a phenomenon we’ve only recently discovered, so we’re not sure how widespread the practice was—or is. But it makes sense. If a human bloodline adapts well to change, it’s only logical to—”
“Take advantage of the weakness?” Ashley snapped.
“I was going to say maximize the potential, but I understand your attitude.”
“Unfortunately,” Bandar reentered the conversation, guiding them back toward the present. “Garin’s team isn’t sure if the protein explains why she’s still alive or if it’s simply a coincidence.”
“Unfortunately?” She’d heard the word one too many times. She shoved back from the table and stood, glaring down at him. “This is a little more than unfortunate. Human females are dying so Rodyte males might someday regain the use of magic. It’s unconscionable.”
Bandar shifted his chair toward her, but remained seated. “We agree with you. No one in this room was involved with any of the experiments. Nazerel and Morgan were ultimately responsible for hunting Sevrin down and dismantling her operation.”
Ashley took a deep breath and then another. He was right. She couldn’t blame them for the despicable actions of others. Especially when one of those ‘others’ had been her father. “I’m sorry.” She sat back down, feeling sort of hollow. She’d often suspected that her father was involved in something not quite legal. Why else would he be so secretive. She’d never imagined that it was this…despicable. “So Garin’s team proved that Sevrin’s techniques weren’t really working, what happened next?”
Bandar scooted back around and went on as if her outburst hadn’t happened. “They backtracked through the research to a point where all of the transformations were stable in an effort to figure out where Sevrin’s people went wrong. Our information indicates that Daniel Kane is the person most qualified to help Garin’s team proceed. Or he would have been if he’d still been alive.”
An unexpected pang expanded the emptiness in her heart. She needed to understand her father’s motivations for participating in this sort of research, yet his death made that impossible. Her father had been obsessive and self-involved. Yet she’d always justified his neglect because his work was so important. He’d been trying to cure diseases, to save lives and end suffering. If what they said was true, he was just plain evil. “How many people know about my father?”
“We thought we were the only ones. Apparently, we were wrong.”
“If your shadow is aboard a ship commanded by one of the current ruler’s favorite generals, does that mean the current ruler is trying to beat you to the finish line?”
Bandar smiled, seemingly pleased by her conclusion. “That’s our concern as well. Quinton Keire likely dispatched Akim and my shadow is part of his crew.”
All they’d done so far was fill in the blanks with information she already possessed, so she grew a bit bolder. “And how does Garin fit into all of this? Is he some sort of a double agent?”
“More like a spy master,” Morgan said. “Garin is carefully maintaining his role as obedient general, but his true loyalty is to the battle born.”
“It’s imperative that Quinton go on believing Garin is still loyal to the crown for as long as possible,” Bandar added. “Garin has access to information and resources no one else could hope to attain.”
Again they were basically confirming things she’d already figured out, but it felt good to know they were starting to trust her. She couldn’t help ribbing Bandar one last time. “Was that so hard?”
“I’m a covert agent.” He finally smiled. “It’s my nature to be secretive.”
There were so many names and situations, she wanted to make sure she had everything straight. “So Quinton, who is Crown Stirate, is also Sevrin’s uncle?”
“Exactly right.” Bandar’s smile broadened. “He’s Pern’s younger brother.”
“I know Pern is dead. What about Sevrin? Is she still a potential threat?”
“She’s dead as well, thanks to Morgan,” Nazerel told her as he exchanged a meaningful glance with his mate.
“Okay, I’m almost out of questions.”
“Praise the gods.” Bandar grinned.
“What is the current focus of Garin’s team? Are they back to producing empowered babies or are they hoping to transfer powers into the female as well?”
“I don’t think it matters,” Bandar told her. “Either outcome would be acceptable to us. They’re focused on finding the specific criteria for safe and stable transformations every time. They can’t even attempt a clinical trial until all the simulations are successful.”
She was relieved to hear that, but she took it a step further. “And when they’re ready for clinical trials, how will they acquire test subjects?”
Annoyance flashed through his gaze and then he sighed. “Your mistrust is understandable, but no one under my brother’s command would ever experiment on an unwilling person. Every test subject will be a fully informed volunteer.”
“It’s important to note that most of Garin’s scientists believe the protein marker is significant,” Nazerel added. “They think her body tolerated the adjustment more easily because her genome contained multiple indications of Rodyte DNA.”
“And they hope to use this protein marker to locate other descendants?”
Nazerel offered her a full, warm smile. “I think there’s more of your father in you than you admit. Exploring that possibility is Bandar’s second mission objective.”
“And finding my father’s research is his first.”
It wasn’t a question, but Nazerel nodded. “You said you told Bandar all you know. Was the location of the research part of what you told him?”
His persistence made her smile. They’d indulged her far more thoroughly than she’d expected. It was time for her to play nicely with the aliens.

Chapter Four

Akim Farmon clasped his hands behind his back as he slowly circled his new covert agent. Akim didn’t know the man’s real name and didn’t care enough to learn it. The agent was known as Letos, which meant phantom, and Akim had been assured that Letos had earned the moniker by slipping in and out of countless situations without anyone realizing he’d been there. Some whispered that he was a sorcerer, able to command powers ordinary mortals couldn’t possibly understand. Others claimed he was a technomage or cyborg, more machine than man. This hype was part of the reason Akim had been so angry when Letos returned to the Relentless yesterday spattered in blood and making excuses for his failure. The only thing Akim hated worse than failure was excuses.
“You’ve had fifteen hours to reflect upon your situation.” Akim spoke in a low, menacing tone as he continued his leisurely orbit. Letos knelt in the middle of the detention cell, naked, head bowed. He was not nearly as mysterious now. “Think carefully before you speak. What have you to say for yourself?”
“I will not fail you again, sir. Please spare my life so I can finish my mission.” Despite his submissive pose, a defiant undertone rippled through his softly spoken plea.
Rather than angering Akim, the rebellion amused him. Any man broken by a few hours of frigid solitude wasn’t worthy of the name Rodyte. Maybe Letos wasn’t completely useless after all. “The female lives, so I’ve decided to spare you.”
Letos glanced up and then back down, clearly startled by the announcement. “How is that possible? I intentionally kept Bandar occupied so her blood would continue to flow.”
“Apparently, the Relentless is no longer the only Rodyte ship with bio-streaming technology. Either that or Bandar summoned Nazerel to teleport her to gods know where. The details aren’t important. What is important is that you didn’t have permission to kill her.” Akim stopped in front of Letos and jerked his face up. He glared into the spy’s blue-ringed eyes, feeling the tingle of his own phitons as they began to glow. “She’s the only connection we’ve found to the research. Do I need to remind you how important it is that we locate the information before Garin’s men do?”
“No, sir. I’m aware of the urgency.”
“Then which ring of hell made you try to kill her?” Akim glared at the younger man, barely restraining the need to beat him to a bloody pulp.
“Instinct, sir. I’m only useful as long as no one knows my face. I’ve always operated with a no-witnesses policy.”
“I understand your need for anonymity, but I command you now. You should have brought the female here. We could have questioned her and then swept her mind.” Akim couldn’t believe he needed to point these things out to Letos. It was all so ridiculously obvious.
“I just reacted, sir. It won’t happen again.”
“No, it won’t. Now stand.”
Ever so slowly, tension rolled through Letos’s body. “You said you wouldn’t kill me.” He tilted his head and looked at Akim. “May I return to my quarters?” Each word was stiff with resentment, yet Akim saw fear spark within his gaze.
“The skills you’re reported to possess are still needed. Killing you now would be counter-productive. Failure, however, is never ignored. Now stand and accept your punishment like a Rodyte.”
Letos maneuvered to one knee with obvious effort. After his blood-stained clothes had been ripped form his body, Letos had been hosed down with cold water. Then he’d been forced to kneel on the alloy floor with his hands clasped behind his head. The detention cells were dimly lit and poorly heated, so the past fifteen hours had been uncomfortable, to say the least.
“I’ve already been punished,” Letos snapped, finally reaching his feet. “This cell is right out of the third ring of hell and you left me here all night.”
One corner of Akim’s mouth quirked as he unhooked the whip handle from the belt at his waist. Like the flexblade, the flexwhip could adjust to several lengths and thicknesses. The close confines of the cell prevented Akim from selecting his favorite setting, the long, wicked lash. Today, he’d have to settle for a short, snappy flogger. “Where were you trained? You’re shockingly squeamish for a Rodyte.”
“I was top of my class at Alandree Academy.” The fool’s chin jutted out as if the fact would impress Akim.
He snorted and swung his arm. The distinct whoosh of the flogger’s many strands was music to his ears. “That explains so much. If you’d had military training rather than civilian, I doubt we’d be having this conversation. The RPI has gone soft.” Rodyte Planetary Investigations had been at odds with the military nearly as long as the organization had existed. Their focus was providing bureaucrats with the detailed information they needed to negotiate and strategize. Most military leaders preferred a more direct approach to ending conflicts.
“If you’re so discontent with my—”
“Silence!” Akim reinforced the order with an unexpected snap of the flogger. The strands fanned out across Letos’s chest, momentarily stealing his breath. “You will not speak unless asked a direct question.”
Letos glared at him in open outrage, hands tightly clenched at his sides.
“Look straight ahead and raise your arms, hands clasped behind your head. You will maintain that position until you’re told to move.”
A muscle above Letos’s jaw twitched as he assumed the position. Akim took a deep breath, savoring the other man’s defiant submission and then Akim began. He watched the spy closely, studying his reactions to maximize the impact of each blow. Akim wanted pain to radiate through the spy’s entire body, clearing his mind and reestablishing his focus. However, he couldn’t afford to delay their objectives with debilitating damage.
This was how Akim had gained notoriety. It was the environment in which he thrived. He’d extracted information and meted out punishment for the past three Crown Stirates. His brutality was matched only by his skill and his unfailing loyalty. So when he’d requested command of his own ship as reward for his long years of service, Quinton had reluctantly agreed. Akim still completed missions defined by the crown, but he operated with complete autonomy.
Akim admired the thin red welts he’d raised on Letos’s back and buttocks before moving on to his sides and chest. Surprisingly, the spy endured it in silence until the strands landed dangerously close to his sex. Letos gasped and a strangled cry escaped his clenched jaws.
“Do you have children?” Akim look pointedly at Letos’s crotch, his smirk intentionally provoking.
“Not yet, sir. Please don’t… I would appreciate it if that were still an option when you finish with my punishment.”
He snapped the flogger just hard enough to make Letos cry out. “Do you deserve mercy?”
“No, sir. I’m a failure. I deserve whatever you give me.”
Akim stepped back the flogger swinging in a lazy arc at his side. “I’m glad we finally understand each other.” Without further comment, he deactivated his flexwhip and returned it to the clasp on his belt. He started toward the door when the fool spoke.
“Are you finished? May I leave?” Letos lowered his arms and turned his head so he could see Akim.
Akim fought back a snarl. He’d been about to dismiss Letos. Why were some people so slow to learn such simple lessons? “You will speak when spoken to and move when you’re given permission to move. I thought you understood my instructions.”
Letos snapped his head back around and raised his arms, locking his hands behind his head.
The door hissed as Akim approached. Security had been monitoring the entire scene to ensure his safety, not that he couldn’t have dealt with a pampered RPI agent without assistance. The precaution was almost insulting. He pulled open the door, then let it slam closed behind him.
Two guards were stationed in the corridor, so he turned to the senior guard. “Make sure he maintains his current position for at least an hour then escort him to the infirmary. Inform the medic that Letos’s strength and mobility must be regenerated, but I want any discoloration to remain. I’d love to leave him like that for a couple of days, but he has work to do.”
“It shall be done, sir.” The guard responded in a strong, clear voice, his gaze fixed at some point beyond Akim. Now here was a man who knew his place.
Akim left the detention level and made his way back to his cabin. Though he commanded the crew, he wasn’t a qualified pilot, so he wasn’t bothered with the day-to-day operation of the ship. This left him more time to focus on the specifics of his mission, which was to find Daniel Kane’s research and return it to Quinton.
Unfortunately, he wasn’t the only one with that objective. Two days after reaching Earth, Letos encountered Bandar Nox. Akim had been monitoring Letos at the time and immediately recognized Garin’s little brother. Bandar, on the other hand, had no idea who Letos was or who had dispatched him. They were obviously after the same thing and for the first time since the race began, Garin’s team had the advantage. Thanks to Letos’s stupidity, Team Garin had Ashley Kane, the most likely person to lead them to Daniel’s research.
Annoyance bubbled within him, making his whipping hand itch all over again. Quinton had insisted Letos join Akim for this mission. The Stirate had gone on and on about how resourceful and shrewd the spy could be. After this recent blunder, Akim couldn’t help wondering if Letos was here to spy on him rather than assist in reaching the objective. Quinton had no reason to mistrust Akim, but rulers were notoriously paranoid. It didn’t matter in any event. He had nothing to hide.
He reached his cabin and opened the door with a curt voice command. Crossing to the beverage station, he poured himself a shot of g’haut. He tossed down the potent liquor and hissed as it burned its way down his throat. “Why didn’t you warn me about this mess? Your visions have been suspiciously absent since we arrived in this star system.” When there was no answer, Akim turned around. “Don’t ignore me, slave. I know you’re not in a trance.”
The slender female raised her head and parted the thick curtain of her silver-blonde hair. “I’ve seen nothing.”
He set the glass down and poured himself another shot. “I don’t believe you.”
“Why would I lie?” Her voice was soft and musical as always, her delicate features achingly beautiful.
“Come here.”
She hesitated, a punishable offense in itself. But her rebellion didn’t stop there. She remained on her sleeping mat in the corner of his cabin. The mat was supposed to be at the foot of his bed, but that was one of many compromises he’d learned to tolerate during the years she’d been in his keeping. She slowly stood and brushed her hair back from her face, revealing her captivating eyes. They were vivid blue, the color so rich and bright he could almost feel her gaze. And her phitons shimmered like polished silver. The rings not only glowed, they expanded and contracted, sometimes taking over the blue entirely, other times disappearing so only blue remained. Only organic harbingers had eyes like hers. Converted harbingers had silver phitons, but they always remained the same size.
“I’m still healing from last night’s activities.” She hesitated over the last word, making it sound as harsh and degrading as the episode had been. “I cannot allow you to—”
“You don’t allow me to do anything!” He flew across the room and fisted her hair, jerking her head back and slightly to the side. “You are mine, Chandar. Every breath you draw belongs to me. Every day you survive is because of my mercy.”
“Let. Go.” She didn’t struggle and her tone was emotionless. Smart girl. He loved it when she cowered and enjoyed it even more when she fought back, an occurrence that happened less and less these days. Too bad. It had taken much longer than he’d anticipated, but indications were clear, his harbinger was nearly tamed.
A surge of frustration followed the thought. Who was he kidding? This obstinate, irrational female would never be tamed.
“Bandar has Ashley Kane.” He released her hair but remained in front of her, staring down from his much greater height. “I need to know their next move.”
She lowered her head and her silvery hair swung forward, concealing her face again. “I told you, I’ve seen nothing.”
“I think you just require the right motivation.”
A subtle tremor passed through her, but her voice remained even. “Your whip can’t trigger one of my visions. If anything your impatience is driving them away.”
“Is that a threat?” He laughed and moved away from the exasperating harbinger. She’d been a gift from Quinton two years ago, a rare and precious prize. Harbingers were uncommon, those born with the gift even more so. But Chandar Evon was one of only nine female organic harbingers ever known to have existed.
And she belongs to me.
Silver light flashed behind her hair and Akim smiled. Apparently, she’d heard his boast. Despite the reality of her existence, she frequently insisted that she belonged to no one. “There are many forms of persuasion.” He picked up his glass and leaned back against the beverage station. “Some we’ve yet to explore.”
After a long pause her voice floated through her hair, light and eerie. “The fight is over. They are too far ahead. You cannot regain the ground you’ve lost.”
Infuriated by yet another setback, he threw the glass at her head. She ducked at the last minute and the glass thudded against the wall. “You prophesy now!” For a moment he was too angry to speak. He turned his back and closed his eyes, fighting for control. Violence had been useless with her, at least as a motivation. He could temporarily correct the worst of her misbehavior with corporeal punishment, but she was right. His whip, and more creative forms of cruelty, had yet to trigger one of her visions. Without turning around, he tried a new strategy. “Let’s barter. What will it cost me for useful information?” When she didn’t immediately state her conditions, he turned around.
She crouched on her sleeping mat, knees drawn up to her chest, slender body lost in her shapeless pale blue gown. She’d tucked her hair behind her ears and her eyes were particularly luminous in her tense face. “Why should I believe you?”
“Because I’ve never made this offer before.”
“You know what I want.”
“I will never free you, but I’m ready to work with you rather than battling for even the simplest things.”
Her lips pressed together and she averted her gaze as her expression turned pensive. “I want my own cabin.”
“I keep you here to protect you from the crew.”
“You command the crew. Your word should be enough to protect me.”
Another provocation? Did she have a death wish? He sighed. That was the problem. She’d be relieved if he snapped her neck. And without the fear of death, most of his strategies became far less effective. “Fine.” He gritted out the word, unable to relax his clenched jaw. “Now speak.”
“They’re headed to a cabin in the mountains of New York. I’ve seen the structure, yet I’m unable to pinpoint the location. The property belongs to Ashley’s maternal grandfather. I don’t know his name, but it shouldn’t be hard to find out. Ashley isn’t certain her father’s research is there, though she believes it’s likely.”
He crossed his arms over his chest, one eye brow arched. “Was that so difficult.” He motioned toward the doorway. “You may sleep in the cabin across the hall for one night only.”
“What?” She shot to her feet, eyes flashing. “That was not the deal.”
“If you’d like another night alone,” he sneered, “have another vision!”
* * * * *
“You’re going to do what?” Ashley backed away from Nazerel, unable to hide her distress.
She’d lingered at the table in Morgan’s office while Bandar went to “suit up”. Morgan tried to keep Ashley entertained, but she was undeniably distracted by Bandar’s absence. Then he’d returned wearing the black body armor she’d first seen when Bandar’s shadow attacked her. The matte fabric, or fibers, or whatever the garment was constructed of, followed his every move, accenting his broad shoulders and lean hips.
Bandar’s return prompted the other three away from the table, but they’d yet to settle on the chairs surrounding Morgan’s desk. The scene suddenly felt threatening to Ashley with two large Rodytes flanking her, their gazes dark and penetrating. Even with contacts camouflaging the alien beauty of Bandar’s eyes, he emanated strength and command. She dragged her gaze away from Bandar and looked at Nazerel, dreading his explanation.
“I can scan your memories for the location of the cabin then teleport you there.” Nazerel sounded so matter-of-fact it was hard not to believe him. “Then the engineer aboard the Crusader will use my signal as a destination and bio-stream Bandar to us.”
“You can really use magic?” She wasn’t sure why the possibility bothered her. Bandar already told her Nazerel could do things other Rodytes couldn’t. Besides, everything Nazerel just described could be accomplished with Rodyte technology. Somehow advanced technology wasn’t as intimidating as the reality of magic. “Aren’t you Rodyte?”
“Nazerel was born on Ontariese. He’s part of a society called the Shadow Assassins. They face similar challenges to the battle born, yet their situation is unique.” The formality in Bandar’s tone warned her to leave the subject alone. “Let’s stay focused on my mission. All right?”
She offered her agreement with a single nod then turned back to Nazerel. “What do you have to do to ‘scan’ my memories?” The thought of anyone poking around inside her mind made her skin crawl. She had no reason to believe Nazerel would harm her, but she had very little reason to trust him either. She didn’t really know him, didn’t really know any of them when it came right down to it. But this was as close as she’d come to understanding the secrets that had shaped her father’s life, the secrets that had ultimately taken him from her. She wanted to know more, needed to delve deeper.
“I won’t harm you.” Nazerel took a small step toward her, his expression earnest and open. “If you’re not comfortable with this approach, we’ll use conventional methods to locate the cabin. But without an address, it could take some time and Akim is nipping at our heels.”
Morgan had pulled out her desk chair but she’d yet to sit down. Her hand rested lightly on the back and she looked utterly at home in the environment. “He’s good, Ashley. He’ll find what he needs and withdraw from your mind before you even realize he’s there.”
Her stomach tensed and her instincts rebelled against the looming invasion. “I’m not sure that’s comforting.”
Bandar sighed. “It’s obvious she doesn’t want this. Let’s go—”
“I didn’t say I wouldn’t do it. Just give me a minute to adjust to the idea.” His easy capitulation had likely been a tactic, but she refused to look like a coward—again. She was stronger than her first impression had indicated and she was ready to prove it. “What do I need to do?”
Nazerel moved closer, but his hands remained at his sides. The faint blue rings in his eyes brightened as he searched her gaze. “Picture the cabin, remember as much detail as you can. Smells, familiar sounds, anything unique to that setting.”
Her mother’s name was Abigail and their family had been rich for generations. Robert, Abigail’s father, had vehemently opposed her romance with Daniel. The young lovers eloped, forcing Robert to accept the marriage or lose contact with his “precious baby girl”. Reluctantly, Robert agreed to give Daniel a chance to prove himself worthy of the prize he’d stolen like a thief in the night.
Robert was an avid hunter and Daniel accompanied Robert on hunting trips in an effort to gain Robert’s approval. Daniel never even fired the rifle Robert insisted he carry, but Daniel enjoyed the peaceful solitude of the remote location. Even after Robert’s death, Daniel used the cabin as a sort of hideaway, a refuge from the stresses of his high-pressure world. Ashley spent many summers as an adolescent tromping around in the trees surrounding the cabin.
She thought of those lazy summers, of the rare occasions when she’d had her father’s undivided attention. They’d sit on the floor in front of the fire and eat simple meals with their bare hands, concepts that would have scandalized Ashley’s mother. She pictured the main room of the cabin, stripped logs and rustic furniture, the smell of burning wood, and her father’s laughter.
“Very good,” Nazerel coached. “Now pull back. Show me the area surrounding the cabin. Are there any distinct peaks or rock formations?” A short pause followed as she complied and then, “Excellent. Now picture yourself in your father’s vehicle. Drive away from the cabin. Take me back to a paved road.”
She’d been eleven or twelve the last time she’d been to the cabin, but she did her best to recreate the scene. The dirt road seemed to go on forever, winding up mountainsides and through endless valleys. Finally she reached the paved road, but she had no idea what it was called. Then a different image flickered to life within her mind. “Germantown. There was a diner in Germantown. It was a total dive, but the food was amazing. We always stopped there for brunch.”
“And how long did it take you to reach the cabin once you left the diner.”
“About an hour and a half.” She heard the familiar clicking of a computer keyboard and looked at Morgan, who was now seated at her desk.
“There are three routes from Germantown to the heart of the Catskills but the fastest is NY-28,” Morgan informed.
“Sundown,” Ashley blurted as another memory fragment surged to the surface. “There was a waterfall near a place called Sundown. That was maybe half an hour from the cabin.”
The blue in Nazerel’s eyes intensified, shimmering with hypnotic light. “I’ve got it.” He smiled. “We always remember more than we realize.”
He held out his hand and Ashley swallowed past the lump in her throat then placed her hand on his. Reality narrowed as his fingers closed around hers. He slowly drew her forward and wrapped his other arm around her waist. She braced for the sickening rush she’d felt when she’d been bio-streamed to the Bunker. The room blurred and her surroundings stretched, but the sensation was different, less forceful. Nazerel’s arm tightened, pulling her closer. She tried not to struggle, knew it was counterproductive to their safe arrival, but instincts were hard to control.
“Easy.” His tone was gentle yet firm. “We’re almost there.” True to his word, they arrived a few seconds later. Her feet settled on something solid, but her head still spun for a moment. He shifted his hands to her arms and steadied her until the vertigo passed. “Better?”
“Yes. Thank you.” His fingers released and she looked around, saddened by the condition of the cabin. Sheets had been draped over the furniture, but dust still covered every surface and the air was stale. “No one’s been up here since my father died. Mom keeps threatening to sell it, but she associates it with her father, not mine. So she can’t make herself let go.”
Nazerel’s reply was interrupted by Bandar’s arrival. As he’d done in Ashley’s living room, Bandar flashed into existence without fanfare or warning. “Any luck?”
Nazerel laughed. “We haven’t had time to look. Keyran’s crew is efficient. No surprise there.”
“Who is Keyran?” The question was automatic. They continually tossed around names and terms unfamiliar to her.
“Keyran Tarr commands the Crusader,” Bandar told her. “He’s a long-time friend and mentor.”
“If he’s the commander, doesn’t that make him your boss?”
“I arrived aboard the Crusader, but I’m a passenger, not part of the crew.”
She looked at Nazerel and made a mocking face. “Simple military service is beneath Bandar Nox?”
Rather than being amused, as she’d hoped, Nazerel jumped to his defense. “Of course not. Bandar is assigned to the Undaunted. He’s on special assignment from General Nox.”
“A.K.A. General Big Brother Nox?” When both men continued to look annoyed, she gave up. “You two need to lighten up.”
Without responding to her attempt at playfulness, the men resumed their conversation.
“Do you need me to stick around?” Nazerel asked.
Bandar shook his head. “The Crusader has a lock on me now and it’s doubtful my shadow knows about this place. We’ll be fine.”
“Are you returning to the Bunker or heading back to the ship?”
Ashley’s ears perked up at the possibility. Would she finally be able to see this mysterious spaceship? Was her shell-shocked mind ready for more of the fantastic?
“Actually, Irron wants me to meet him at the Farm.” He paused and an electric current passed between the two men. She couldn’t actually feel it. It was more like she could sense it from their expressions and the odd hesitation in Bandar’s words, but they were definitely telling secrets. “Can you make sure Keyran’s engineer has the coordinates?”
“Not a problem.” He nodded toward Ashley. “Until we meet again.” And then he flashed out of sight.
A moment of tense silence passed before Ashley asked, “What’s the Farm and why does Irron want to meet you there? Irron’s the doctor who patched me up, right?”
Bandar didn’t answer right away. In fact he hesitated so long, she was afraid he’d ignore the question. The stark body armor made him look lethal and his expression gave no clue to his thoughts. His eyes were so much more expressive without the stupid contacts. She wished he’d just take the damn things off.
“Irron found some unexpected readings in your scans and wants to run more tests.” Before she could completely freak out, he closed the distance between them and rested his hands on her shoulders. His closeness accented his height and her relative fragility, making her ache in a way she couldn’t quite explain. “There’s nothing wrong with you.” Then why was the heat of his touch making her entire body tingle? “The regeneration was successful. He’s just curious about the anomalies. Scientists are like that.”
“I know.” She smiled despite the tension gathering between her thighs. “I was raised by one.”
“Good point.” His hands slid to her elbows, the caress almost unintentional. His gaze shifted to her mouth as it had when he’d sort of kissed her the night before. Was he remembering the brief caress, wishing he hadn’t stopped?
No, that was her. She was the one eager for more than the gentle press of lips on lips.
He sighed and stepped back. “Let’s see if we can find your father’s notes.”
Desperately hoping her disappointment didn’t show, she nodded. There was a real possibility his hesitation was strategic. He teased her, touched her just often enough to keep her distracted and unsure. If he’d really intended to seduce her, he’d had the perfect opportunity last night. She’d been barely dressed and in his bed, and still he—remained gallant. Refused to take advantage of her emotions. How could she fault him for that?
With a sigh of frustration, she shoved the quandary to the back of her mind and focused on the task at hand. It wouldn’t be much of a search. The backup drive was either here or it wasn’t and she knew where it would be if it was here. Rather than explaining that to Bandar, though, she simply led him to the spare bedroom. The room was small, the limited floor space gobbled up by the queen-size bed and large mirrored dresser. However, the simple-looking closet was actually a cluttered walk-in and a small safe had been secured to a shelf behind the door. The casual observer would open the door and see the expected collection of off-season clothing and storage boxes.
After she pointed out the safe, Bandar crowded in beside her and closed the door. They were momentarily left in darkness, which amplified the awareness already crackling between them. He was doing it on purpose. She was certain of it now. He was using their attraction to keep her slightly off balance. Well, two could play at that game. If she came on to him and he backed off, she’d know it was all an act. If she kissed him and he responded, she’d know it was genuine chemistry, mutual chemistry.
She reached past him and grabbed a flashlight on the shelf next to the safe. He placed his hands on her waist as if to steady her. Flipping the flashlight on, she turned it sideways on the shelf and pointed it toward the opposite wall. She could see his face now, yet her hands were free. She touched his chest plate then slid her hands up to his shoulders. He was so damn tall she wasn’t going to be able to kiss him unless he bent down.
“What are you doing?” Amusement and desire made his voice rough and low.
“I was going to finish what you started last night, but I can’t reach your mouth.”
His hands tightened on her waist and he lifted her off her feet, holding her in midair as if she weighed nothing. “You really want to start this now?”
She ignored the obvious warning in his tone and wrapped her legs around his waist. “Just a taste,” she echoed his words from the night before, then covered his mouth with hers.
That was as far as she got before he took over. One of his hands lightly fisted the back of her hair while the other cupped her butt. His lips contoured to hers, urging them apart as his tongue pushed inside her mouth. Excitement surged through Ashley and she greeted him with an eager swirl, sliding her tongue over and around his until she heard him groan.
She clung to him with her arms and legs, but his armor was a frustrating barrier. She wanted skin sliding over skin as they rubbed against each other. At least his attraction was real. No one was that good an actor. Still, it wouldn’t take him long to figure out her deception or why she’d really kissed him. Dreading the inevitable storm, she savored the kiss for as long as it lasted.
He kissed her for a little while longer than eased her back and peered into her eyes. “This is delightful, but why are you trying to distract me?” He moved both hands to her hips.
“I don’t know what you mean.” She didn’t sound at all convincing, but she managed not to smile.
 Without setting her down, he looked around. His gaze landed on the safe and his hands tightened on her hips. “I thought you said your father secured his research with biometrics.” His voice growled, his obvious displeasure even more ominous because of their intimate position. “How is the system maintained if there’s no power to the cabin?” He pushed her away.
She unwound her legs and he set her on her feet. She grabbed the flashlight off the shelf, careful to keep her expression blank. “You would have left me behind if I’d told you the truth. I have to be part of this.”
They were bunched together as it was, but he moved even closer, pressing her back into the clothes. “You’re right. Until my shadow is apprehended, it’s too dangerous for you to—”
As if to prove his claim a strange thunk interrupted his lecture. The sound had been distinct, yet muffled, as if the disturbance had come from another part of the cabin.
“Stay here.”
She cringed at the directive. He was already pissed that she’d lied about the biometrics. If she ignored him now, she’d never earn his trust and any hope she had of learning what really happened to her father would be snuffed out. “Nazerel might have forgotten something,” she whispered.
“Nazerel would have warned us of his return. Stay here.” His steely tone and stern expression emphasized the order. Turning his back on her, he eased the door open and assessed the bedroom before slipping out of the closet.
She flipped off the flashlight and watched his stealthy progress across the room. He’d left the closet door cracked, so she took it to mean he didn’t care if she watched as long as she stayed out of sight. But he quickly reached the doorway and disappeared into the outer room.
Damn. She stayed quiet and still, determined to obey. Seconds ticked by in frustrating silence then she heard angry voices, two or maybe three, yelling in a language she didn’t understand. The voices gave way to progressively louder crashes and she had to turn away from the doorway. Curiosity tugged at her like a powerful vacuum. She wanted, no needed, to see what was going on out there.
Stay here, could also mean the bedroom. She smiled. Her inner voice could rationalize almost anything.
The door flew open, narrowly missing her as she dove for the concealment of the clothes. Someone grabbed her arms and yanked them behind her back as she was dragged out into the bedroom. She caught a glimpse of long, well-muscled arms and a tall, black-clad body. If this was the shadow again, where the hell was Bandar? The flashlight was snatched out of her hand and tossed onto the bed. She gasped then cried out as her captor’s rough hold jarred her shoulders and wrists. Using her arms to effortlessly control and propel her, he pushed her around the bed and toward the doorway. It all happened so fast, she didn’t have time to react, but the situation came into horrific focus as she reached the main room of the cabin.
Bandar’s shadow had returned, only this time he’d brought friends. Bandar and his shadow fought in the middle of the room, their flexblades morphing from one form to another with surreal ease. The coffee table was smashed and a lampstand overturned, yet two of the shadow’s companions seemed content to watch the fight. Both held sleek, compact guns, but neither looked anxious to use them.
Something cold and solid tightened around Ashley’s wrist. Before she realized what she was feeling, her other wrist was bound as well, securing her arms at the small of her back. Her captor moved to her side, one beefy hand encircling her upper arm. He was a hulking mass of aggression all dressed in black. In fact all of the Rodytes wore black body armor similar to Bandar’s. She glared at her captor, but like his companions, his attention was fixed on the fight.
She needed to escape or cause a distraction, anything but standing there like a witless fool. Even if she could get away from the man at her side, the two armed observers were a second line of defense. She’d never get through both. She couldn’t fight them with her hands bound behind her back, not that she could have put up much of a fight even if she wasn’t restrained. Each of these men was as big as Bandar and doubtlessly just as dangerous. She’d never felt so helplessness, or so frustrated.
Both men attacked with determined focus, yet they seemed evenly matched. Bandar drove the shadow backward with a brutal combination of swings and thrusts then was forced to retrace his steps as the shadow rallied. It was savage, yet oddly graceful, each movement skillful and strong.
Her captor growled out a Rodyte command, clearly irritated by the delay.
The shadow attacked with renewed purpose, swinging his long, thin blade in a deadly arc. Bandar spun away, his massive broadsword instantaneously shrinking into an ornate dagger as he thrust for the shadow’s side. The dagger skid across the shadow’s armor, creating a horrible scraping sound. Both men were still unscathed. If a flexblade could fire energy pulses, why didn’t Bandar shoot?
This wasn’t a real fight. It was a pissing contest.
With another impatient command, her captor drew his sidearm and shot Bandar with a defused blast of energy.
She screamed and rushed forward as Bandar collapsed. Tugging against her restraints, she awkwardly knelt at his side and rested her head on his chest, listening for signs of life. All she could hear was the frantic thud of her own heart and her anxious panting.
“He’s just stunned. Relax.”
She looked up at the shadow, so angry she shook. “Who the hell are you and what do you want with us?”
“Us? One night in his bed and it’s us?” A lascivious grin curled the shadow’s lips and his companions chuckled, warning her that they could understand every word. “If I’d known a rough tumble was all it would take to gain your cooperation, I would have stabbed you with my other sword.”
“You’ll likely get a second chance,” her captor grabbed her arm and hauled her back to her feet. “But we don’t have time for this right now.” He motioned the two observers forward with a curt, “Restrain Bandar securely. He’s slippery as a Bilarrian slime eel.” Then he turned back to Ashley, forcing her to tilt her head way back to meet his gaze. “Is your father’s research here or not?”
“What’s your name? I’m Ashley.” She’d heard somewhere that forming a connection with her kidnappers would increase her chances of survival. Make sure they called her by name, saw her as a person rather than a means to an end.
His smile was even more lurid than the shadow’s had been. “You’ll call me master before the night’s through, so be a good girl and answer the question.”
“No.” She kept her face absolutely void of emotion.
He shifted his hand to her hair and narrowed his blue-ringed gaze. “No, the research isn’t here or no, you won’t answer my question?”
“There used to be a safe in the office.” She motioned toward the other side of the cabin. “It’s gone, not empty, actually gone.”
“Then what were you doing in the bedroom?” The shadow stepped over Bandar as he waited for her answer.
“What people usually do in bedrooms.” She shot him a provocative smirk, hoping anger would distract him from his purpose.
“The bed hadn’t been touched and you were in the closet,” her captor reminded. “Odd place for a lusty romp.” Without further explanation, he released her hair and grabbed her arm, dragging her back toward the spare bedroom. They retraced their steps with him in front this time. The shadow followed silently, his expression tense and watchful. When they reached the closet, her captor muttered, “Watch her.” Then stepped into the tiny room.
The shadow moved in close. She tried to retreat, but he wrapped his arm around her waist. His touch was firm without being hurtful. Still, his nearness was unsettling. “Don’t provoke him. You won’t be harmed if you cooperate.”
She whipped her head around and glared at him. “Says the man who tried to kill me.”
His voice dropped to an urgent whisper and his grip on her tightened. “If I’d wanted you dead, little girl, you’d be dead. You were never in any real danger. I knew Bandar would take you to his ship.”
“Then why did you stab me?”
“I’ll explain what’s going on as soon as it’s safe to do so. For now you’ll just have to trust me.” He nodded toward the closet. “That’s Erkott. I’m Letos. Bandar will understand the significance of those names. I mean you no harm, but Erkott is extremely dangerous.”
Had he lost his freaking mind? There was no way she would trust him. She looked at him with utter confusion, but Erkott returned before she could reply. Letos buried his face in her hair and slowly reached for her breast.
Erkott slapped Letos’s hand away before he actually touched her, almost as if Letos had planned it that way.
“She’ll be given to me first,” Erkott snapped. “We both know she will. So keep your hands off my slave.”
A chill sped down her spine as indignation surged. “I’m no one’s slave.”
Erkott ignored her objection and motioned toward the closet. “Open the safe or I’ll shred your clothes and let my men enjoy the view. No one will touch you until I’ve had time to break you in properly, but think how much more vigorous they’ll be if they’ve had a preview of your assets.”
Break you in properly. The hateful phrase echoed through her mind as dread unfurled within her. She glanced at Letos, but he was glaring at Erkott. Letos said she wouldn’t be harmed if she cooperated. It sounded more like she wouldn’t be killed. Harm was definitely still on the agenda.
After only a moment’s pause, Erkott moved forward and grasped the hem of her sweater. “Last chance.”
A sudden burst of angry words in the outer room was followed by a yelp of pain.
“Sounds like Bandar’s awake,” Letos muttered.
Erkott called out in rapid Rodyte and the two soldiers guarding Bandar dragged him, kicking and twisting, into the bedroom. Another curt command from Erkott prompted one of the guards to press his pulse pistol to the side of Bandar’s head. Though his expression remained murderous, his struggles slowed, then stopped.
“Unlock the safe or you’ll watch Bandar die,” Erkott told her.
Bandar’s gaze locked with hers. Give them nothing!
He pushed the thought into her mind so forcefully she gasped at the sting.
“Oh, I see,” Erkott sneered. “We have a martyr on our hands. Then how about if I bend her over the bed and we’ll take turns riding her until you reconsider your position?”
Bandar responded in gruff Rodyte, but his gaze burned so brightly his phitons were visible through his contacts.
“How big is the safe?” Letos asked, his expression suddenly shuttered.
Erkott’s brow arched as he shifted his gaze to Letos. “Are you so damn squeamish you can’t stand a bit of bed sport, or are you really foolish enough to think you can keep her for your own private pet?”
“I thought we were in a hurry. Wasn’t it you insisting that ‘we don’t have time for this’ a few moments ago?”
“You’re right.” Despite his capitulation, Erkott was obviously pissed off by the logic. Nodding toward the closet, he snarled, “Yank, tear or cut the safe free. We’ll blast the thing open once we’re back on the ship.”

Chapter Five

Ashley had been dying for a glimpse of a spaceship ever since Bandar admitted that he’d arrived aboard one. However, this wasn’t the Crusader and a glimpse was all she’d received. She’d been streamed, along with Bandar and the other four Rodytes, from her father’s cabin to the “security portal” on board the Relentless. The destination sounded a lot more impressive than it turned out to be. They materialized in a holding cell, separated from security guards and technicians by transparent walls. They were quickly scanned for weapons, harmful pathogens, and God knew what else before they were allowed out of the area.
Without explanation Letos took off, leaving her and Bandar with Erkott and his two guards.
Erkott faced Bandar, pulse pistol aimed at the middle of his chest. “Hand me your weapons, slowly. Then take off your armor.” His gaze drifted toward Ashley as he waited for Bandar to obey. Was she next? This jerk had been threatening to strip her naked, and worse, since he found her in her father’s cabin.
Bandar handed over a small pulse pistol and a conventional knife, but he drew his flexblade with obvious reluctance. “If anything happens to this—”
“You’ll sic your brother on me?” Erkott snatched the weapon from Bandar’s hand with a scornful laugh. “I’ve got a big brother too. Your tired threats don’t scare me.”
“Garin doesn’t fight my battles for me.” Bandar clenched his fists, likely keeping himself from punching the smug bastard. “Generals are bound by rules and obligations. I have far fewer constraints.”
Erkott looked as if he’d say more, then glanced into the distance and muttered several phrases in rapid Rodyte. Apparently, someone had just given him an order and he didn’t seem pleased by whatever he’d been told to do. “Take off the armor. Now!”
With obvious resentment, Bandar pressed his middle finger against the upper edge of the suit. A previously invisible seam appeared down the front. He pulled the sides apart then peeled the supple material down his torso and off his arms. It looked more like a wetsuit than armor, but she’d seen the material deflect a thrusting knife and absorb bursts of energy. She wasn’t sure it would stop a bullet, but it was obviously a lot tougher than it looked.
She tried not to gawk, but all Bandar wore beneath the armor were clingy undergarments. The tan material outlined every bulge and ripple of his incredible body. At a glance, he appeared naked and her body was reacting accordingly. Heat unfurled between her thighs and anticipation tingled across her skin. She felt almost lightheaded as desire swarmed through her system. What the hell was wrong with her? They were prisoners of war and she was thinking about sex?
After pulling his legs from the suit, Bandar kicked it across the floor toward Erkott. Tension rippled across Bandar’s shoulders and down his arms. He was clearly spoiling for a fight and Erkott looked more than willing to oblige him.
Erkott signaled one of the guards on the other side of the security portal and the guard triggered an opening in the containment. One of Erkott’s guards led the procession, Erkott followed Bandar and Erkott’s other guard followed Ashley. They didn’t go far. They walked down a short corridor and into a large open room.
“What is this place?” She moved closer to Bandar as Erkott broke formation. Bandar’s calm strength helped her maintain a brave façade. On any other day being captured by hostile aliens would have been enough to completely unravel her, but so much had happened in the past forty-eight hours that she was starting to feel desensitized by the upheaval.
“Rather than fixed holding cells, the newer ships have gone to a grid system,” Bandar told her in a low, tense voice. He might appear unfazed by their capture, but she knew better. His gaze took in every detail of their surroundings, analyzing each advantage and searching for opportunities. “The energy grid can be arranged in a variety of formations, depending on the crew’s needs at any given time.”
“But there are no solid walls. What happens if the ship loses power?”
“Rodyte ships have redundant power systems. Total power loss is virtually impossible.”
“And even if the impossible were to happen,” Erkott interjected, obviously following their conversation. “The detention area is secured by physical barriers, so the only people the detainees would have access to would be other detainees.”
She shivered, suddenly glad she and Bandar appeared to be the only detainees.
Erkott guided them to the back corner of the open room. “Move over,” he told Ashley.
When she didn’t immediately comply, one of his guards urged her to the designated position and kept her there at gunpoint.
“If she is harmed in any way—”
Erkott interrupted Bandar’s threat with a backhand, but Bandar easily dodged the predictable blow. Erkott drew back his arm, ready to try again, then something or someone stopped him. His features tensed and he muttered a sharp stream of Rodyte to the unseen speaker.
Finally, with anger burning in his gaze, he motioned Ashley back to Bandar’s side. “He wants you two together.”
Bandar held out his hand toward Ashley, his gaze still boring into Erkott.
Thrilled by the development, Ashley rushed to Bandar’s side and wrapped her arms around his waist. He spanned her shoulders in a protective embrace. It shouldn’t make sense—she’d only known Bandar for a day—but somewhere along the line he’d become her haven. When the world stopped making sense, which was becoming a frequent occurrence, all she had to do was wrap herself around Bandar and she felt safe again.
“Keep her warm for me,” Erkott sneered. Then to Ashley, “I’ll see you soon.” When Bandar only glared, Erkott strode from the detention area, followed by his guards.
The outer door shut with a metallic clang and then the energy grid engaged. The vertical fields were transparent and colorless, surrounding them on three sides. Only a faint hum and a mild visual distortion told Ashley where the barriers were. A bunk lowered from the wall, like an ultramodern drawbridge, and a sink/commode combo unit slid outward as well. This was basically a jail cell, so she hadn’t expected creature comforts. Still, the absolute lack of privacy was horrifying. They would be on display during every minute of every day.
“We have to get out of here.” She turned into his embrace and pressed her face into the warm curve of his neck. His scent surrounded her, calming her, as his arms pressed her securely against his chest.
“They’re required to bring us blankets and a pad for the bunk. I’ll use a blanket to shield you from view whenever you require privacy.”
His offer was sweet, but answering nature’s call with him standing right in front of her wasn’t much of an improvement. Rather than dwell on the humiliations ahead, she savored the warmth of his arms. “Why were we allowed to stay together? That was obviously not what Erkott had planned.”
“I’m not sure, but don’t forget they can see and hear everything that goes on in these cells.” He looked into her eyes to make sure she grasped the significance of his casual statement. “Only Akim has the authority to dictate to Erkott, so it must have been Akim who gave the order.”
“There has to be a reason. Why would Akim want us in the same cell?”
His features tensed and his brows drew together as if he was searching for just the right words. “I think he’s hoping our need for each other will build to the point where we don’t care who’s watching.”
She couldn’t deny being attracted to Bandar, but his words implied something more than casual interest, something she didn’t understand. Rather than arguing with him, she kept her answer vague. “It doesn’t matter how much I want you. There’s no way I’ll perform for an audience. Akim is destined for disappointment.”
“Gods, I hope you’re right, but I can feel the heat rising already.” Without warning, he took her face between his hands and kissed her deeply.
She tensed, gave a surprised yelp, then relaxed into the unexpected kiss. Reluctantly, she closed her eyes and let his urgency wash over her. She only had two choices, shove him away or trust that there was a reason for his bizarre behavior. She chose to trust him.
His tongue brushed back and forth against her lips until she opened for him. She wrapped her arms around his back and rocked to the balls of her feet. Their bodies pressed together, her soft curves yielding to his hard muscles. If only they’d been truly alone, the kiss would have been perfect. She wanted this, and yet the experience was tainted, cheapened by their audience.
Bandar took the kiss deeper. She absorbed his taste, savoring the agile slide of his tongue over and around hers. She dug her fingernails into his flesh and moaned into his mouth, wishing she could just let go and forget that they were being watched.
Suddenly a hot needle stabbed into her brain. She gasped then froze, more surprised than frightened. The pain faded quickly, leaving a defused sting. Her thoughts scattered and uncertainty rippled through her composure. Reality swam around her, undulating as if her senses weren’t in focus. She tried to open her eyes, but found she couldn’t move. Fear surged, partially clearing her mind as her limbs began to tremble violently.
Easy, love. I’ve got you. Bandar’s reassurance sounded very far away. Then the connection came online with a sudden jolt and he crushed her against him, supporting her quaking body as she struggled against the unfamiliar sensations. Stop fighting the link and it will stabilize. The pain will fade.
What is… How are you doing this? Gradually she surrendered and the connection locked into place. As he promised, the pain faded and her surroundings came back into focus.
I passed you a team of my nanites. They’ve established a direct link between our minds. We need to talk and we can’t let Akim or his men hear what we’re saying.
But Erkott heard you in the cabin. He must be telepathic.
Bandar gentled the kiss, as if trying to soothe and calm her now that she understood what was happening. That was instinct. I pushed the thought across a communal link. It was unprotected. This is private, heavily shielded. They can’t hear what we’re saying. She pressed in closer and allowed her lips to grow pliant under his. Are you all right now?
Far from it, but the fire in my brain went out.
She felt him smile against her parted lips. I’m going to keep kissing you unless you can think of a better distraction.
Eagerly burying her hand in his hair, she let the thick strands caress her. Only a man this blatantly male could get away with hair this beautiful. I can’t think of anything right now. The husky purr in her tone revealed more than her words.
He grabbed her hips and held her in place as he stumbled backward and sat down on the bunk. Her thighs parted and her knees bent as she settled astride his lap. He slid his hands up from her hips, slipping under her sweater until he found bare skin.
His groan was audible as well as telepathic. Gods, you’re soft. And warm. I knew you’d feel like this.
She didn’t want to think, just wanted to enjoy kissing him and being touched by him. But this was a distraction—for Akim’s crew, not for them.
How did you know his name was Erkott? Bandar’s question forced her to concentrate on something other than the ache throbbing between her thighs.
Letos told me.
Letos. He pulled away and looked into her eyes, clearly shocked by the revelation. My shadow claimed to be Letos?
She offered a subtle nod. Who is Letos? Who is Erkott, for that matter? Letos said you’d understand the significance of the names.
Rather than return his mouth to hers, he peppered her face with kisses, slowly working his way from her ear to her throat. She arched, offering him her neck as her fingers lightly tangled in his hair.
Erkott is Akim’s youngest brother, Bandar explained. I’d only seen him once before, but I was pretty sure I recognized him. Letos is a notorious spy. No one knows his real name. Many believe he’s a technomage.
What’s a technomage?
I’ll explain later. There are more important things you need to understand right now. He reached the base of her throat and lingered in the hollow where her shoulder met her neck. Her hands wandered over his ba ck and arms, her touch every bit as hungry as his. Sleeping in my arms left my scent on you.
Her hands stalled for a moment then continued along their wandering path. But we didn’t have sex.
When a Rodyte male is aroused, his entire body emits pheromones. The scent is strongest in his semen, but it’s also in his saliva and sweat. Each time my lips brush your neck, he paused to demonstrate, my scent is transferred to your skin.
Did this explain why she had the irrational urge to devour him every time he was close enough to touch? She’d noticed that there was something different about his scent, indefinable, almost intoxicating. Love at first sight. The elusive phrase had been flitting around in her mind, offering one possible explanation for her irrational reaction to him. Had he just offered another? Love at first smell? Were Rodyte pheromones driving her insane?
Then another question eclipsed the first. If his pheromones were arousing her, what was arousing him? An image flashed through her mind, they lay in bed, nearly naked, legs entwined. Not only had she been plastered against his side, she’d also touched him, stroked his chest and belly, never once thinking about what her distracted caresses might be doing to him.
I’m sorry. She turned her face away and moved her hands to his shoulders. I didn’t realize holding me aroused you. That wasn’t my intention.
He lightly caught her chin and turned her face back around. “Look at me.” She reluctantly lifted her gaze. The smoldering heat in his eyes couldn’t be faked. Even through the contacts his desire was obvious. Their kisses were affecting him just as deeply as they were affecting her. “There is no shame in what we’re feeling.”
“I know.” She looked at their surroundings meaningfully. “I’m not ashamed of wanting you, but I won’t let it happen again. Not here.”
“I have no intention of entertaining the enemy.” He slid his hand down her neck until his fingers curved around her nape. “Just don’t ask me to stop touching you. I don’t think I can.”
She leaned in and brushed his lips with hers, praying he’d accept the invitation.
Without pause, he took control of the kiss and continued his sensual exploration.
I get that they think I’m yours, but that didn’t seem to bother Erkott at the cabin. He was bragging about getting to have me first. She shivered, still upset by the memory. What changed?
He stroked her hair, his lips caressing rather than plundering. She immediately responded to his gentleness, needing reassurance much more than mindless passion.
Akim must suspect that I created a mating bond and it’s to our advantage that he goes on believing it’s true.
Why does that work to our advantage?
A mating bond triggers changes in the female’s body. Until those changes are complete, her body is literally toxic to any male other than her mate. As long as they believe you’re in transition, no one will touch you.
I like the sound of that. She stroked down his arms then back up to his shoulders. His muscles appeared hard and impressive, and they felt even better.
But transition also spikes the female’s sexual appetite. To sell this, you’re going to have to make them believe you can’t get enough of me.
She pulled back just far enough to nip his bottom lip. Are you sure this isn’t just a clever way to get in my pants?
I wish that was all this is. I really do.
She believed him and needed him to know she trusted him. Rather than offer hollow words, she decided to show him. Her head tilted and her tongue slid over his, teasing his lips without entering his mouth. With a low growl, he closed his lips around her tongue and sucked it inward. She groaned, the sound muffled by the tangle of their tongues.
Easing her knees farther apart, she lowered her pelvis until her sex pressed intimately over his. Even through the sturdy denim of her jeans she could feel the heat and hardness of his cock. She rocked her hips, rubbing against him. His phitons flashed through the contacts, warning how close he was to losing control. With a feral growl, he grasped her hips and increased the pressure of her body against his.
“Do you still doubt she’s in transition?” Mockery rumbled through the deep male voice. “That female is clearly in heat.”
Ashley gasped and scrambled off Bandar’s lap. She pressed back into the corner, knees drawn up to her chest. Bandar slid next to her then rested his hand against the wall, partially blocking her from view. A tall, thin man stood on the other side of the energy field, Erkott on one side of him, Letos on the other. His similarity to Erkott and the authority emanating from his stance identified him as Akim Farmon, the true power behind this group of rabble. Both Farmon brothers had the blue-streaked hair and bright blue phitons of full-blooded Rodytes. Letos’s phitons were sapphire blue, but his solid black hair hinted at a mixed heritage.
“Maybe she just needs a nice hard cock to ride and doesn’t care who’s wielding it.” Erkott leered at her. “I say we find out.”
“With a simple scan, I can determine her condition.” Letos sounded almost bored and his features were expertly guarded.
“So scan her,” Akim urged with a negligent sweep of his hand.
“I need skin-to-skin contact for this sort of scan.”
“Of course you do,” Erkott snapped. “If you’re going in there, so am I.”
Bandar shot to his feet, shielding her with his body. “No one touches her but me.”
This isn’t the first time Letos kept Erkott from hurting me, Ashley pointed out. I think we should let him scan me. I think he’ll tell Akim that I’m in transition.
Or he’ll reveal that you’re not and demand to have you first.
Unwilling to leave the decision in Bandar’s hands, she scooted around him and stood as well. “I’ll allow the scan, if you keep Erkott on that side of the energy field.”
Akim chuckled, his gaze narrowed and gleaming. “You’re not in a position to ‘allow’ anything. Females under my command do as they’re told.”
“She’s not under your command.” Bandar tried to move back in front of her, but Ashley wouldn’t allow it.
“I could easily prove you wrong, but I’d rather have this settled quickly.” Akim motioned Erkott back and then deactivated the barrier with a verbal command. Letos stepped inside the cell and Akim reactivated the field.
Letos approached her with slow, nonthreatening steps. “This will not hurt, but I need to touch you.”
Erkott made a sound part scoff, part snort. “You sound like an old woman.”
Letos ignored him as he placed his hand on the side of Ashley’s face.
Ashley tensed, fighting back the urge to pull away. She didn’t want Letos touching her, didn’t want to be touched by anyone but Bandar. A shiver dropped down her spine at the thought. Maybe she really was in heat. She was no stranger to kissing, but no one had every turned her entire body into a tingling mass with just a few kisses. No one but Bandar.
Letos pushed into her mind with sharp, focused pressure. She gasped and tried to jerk away. He grabbed the other side of her face, preventing her retreat. He won’t allow this for long, so listen closely. Somehow, Letos had found her private link with Bandar.
Bandar moved closer, apparently having heard Letos too.
I will help you escape, but I need a diversion. He slid his right hand down along her neck and onto her upper chest. She instinctively grabbed his wrist, but his hand continued its descent. Don’t move. If this falls to the floor, you’ll lose your only ally.
Bandar shifted restlessly at her side, but didn’t interfere.
Ashley closed her eyes and forced herself not to fidget. Something cool slipped beneath her sweater and into the valley between her breasts.
“Enough!” Akim yelled. “Is she in transition or not?”
Give me a few minutes to get into position, then make the diversion last as long as possible. Do you agree?
Yes. She opened her eyes and added, Thank you.
He responded with a tiny nod then lowered his hands to his sides and turned around. “She is definitely in transition. Sorry, Erkott, you’re out of luck for at least three days.”
Three days? Dread cramped Ashley’s stomach at the thought of being at Erkott’s mercy for another hour, much less three long days. Letos made it sound like his plan was going into effect immediately. Hopefully, she’d be long gone by the time the fictitious timer ran out.
Akim lowered the barrier long enough to let Letos move out of the cell. “This creates a different sort of opportunity, however.” Akim smiled at Ashley though the expression was totally devoid of humor. “Your father protected his research with a complicated code. My scientists are struggling with the encryption. They assure me they can unravel it, but it could take some time. My patience is unusually taxed at the moment, so I have an offer for you.”
“What sort of offer?”
“Don’t believe a word he says,” Bandar cautioned.
“It’s simple really. Give me the encryption key and I’ll allow you to remain with your mate. Refuse and I’ll lock you in a cell right over there. You’ll be able to see him, hear him, perhaps even smell him, but you won’t be able to touch.”
Erkott laughed, clearly amused by the idea. “She’ll be so desperate by the fourth day, she won’t care who fills her.”
“If she lasts that long,” Akim muttered, his gaze still fixed on Ashley. “I’ve seen women in transition go utterly insane because they were separated from their mates.”
“I don’t have the key. I didn’t even know it was encrypted.”
“I don’t believe you.” Akim shrugged, a cruel smile still curving his lips. “You have one hour to reconsider your position, then I’ll let Erkott move you to the other cell.”
“And I firmly believe prisoners should be kept naked.” Erkott rubbed his hands together as if he couldn’t wait to begin.
Akim just shook his head. “You can’t have her while she’s in transition. Why torture yourself?”
They walked from the room before Erkott replied, but Ashley was left seething. “I can’t decide what irritated me more, Akim’s smugness or Erkott’s obsession.”
Argue with me. Disagree with whatever I say. “You have to give them the key. Nothing is worth what you’ll go through if they take you away from me.”
“I don’t have the key and I think you’re all full of shit. Sex is no big thing. I’ve always been able to take it or leave it. I’m certainly not a slave to my libido.”
“You’ve never had sex with a Rodyte before. Your body is changing, becoming more compatible with mine. That’s why you feel restless. You need more of what I gave you last night.”
She huffed, crossing her arms over her breasts. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” She needed to retrieve whatever Letos had slipped down her shirt, but couldn’t allow their captors to see her do it. “I feel fine.”
“Sure you are.” He closed the distance between them and grasped her hips. “You don’t ache like I ache?” He pulled her against him then up until their pelvises aligned. “If they take you away, this emptiness will become painful, completely overwhelming. You have no idea how bad it will get.”
She shoved against his chest, trying to twist away. “Oh my God! You’re working with them, aren’t you? You probably have been all along.”
“That’s ridiculous.”
“Is it? I think it makes perfect sense.” She swung for his face. He caught her wrist long before her hand made contact. “This is why you were so desperate to get me into bed. You knew you’d be able to control me.” Her voice grew shrill as she tugged and shoved, twisted and stomped in an effort to break his hold.
He backed her into the perimeter wall and pulled her hands above her head. “Calm down and think. You know I’m not working with them. I’ve fought them every step of the way.”
“Good cop, bad cop. You were there to rescue me, so I’d be foolish enough to trust you.”
“And you do trust me.” He leaned in, his dark gaze searching hers. “I would never do anything to hurt you. That’s why you need to listen to me now. You have to give Akim the key. There is no other way to keep you safe.”
“I won’t do it. I mean, I don’t have it.”
He shook his head as he shifted both her wrists into one hand. “Always so stubborn.”
Letos slipped something down my shirt. Can you put it in my front pocket and see if you can figure out what it is on the way down?
My pleasure. A sexy smile parted his lips and desire made his phitons shimmer. “You seem to have forgotten how wild it got last night. Maybe all you need is a little reminder.” His mouth descended, claiming hers with breath-stealing intensity.
She tugged against his hold and arched away from the wall, but all that did was draw her attention to the considerable bulge pressing into her belly. They might be playing roles in an effort to distract their captors but that didn’t keep their bodies from reacting to the stimulation. She ached like she had never ached before and the torture was just beginning.
He slipped his hand up under her sweater, boldly cupping one of her breasts. Her bra still separated their skin, but heat sank into her flesh and made her nipple tingle. He squeezed firmly then rotated his hand so his thumb could explore. “This was much more fun when you were naked.” He whispered the words against her kiss-dampened lips.
“No.” She turned her head to the side, her panting genuine. “You get me naked and we both know what you’ll do.”
“We have an hour.” He pushed his thumb deeper, finally locating the mystery object. “I need to be inside you, angel. And we both know you need it too.”
“Will that make it better or worse when they take me away, because I really don’t have the key?”
He pulled the object from between her breasts and lowered his hand, smoothly slipping it into her pocket as he pulled his hand out from beneath her sweater. With a heavy sigh, he released her wrists and pressed both hands against the wall. “Do you know where he might have left it? We have to give Akim something.”
Did you figure out what that was?
It felt like a data crystal.
She wasn’t sure what a data crystal was, but it didn’t matter. They’d given Letos plenty of time to get into position. It was time to ramp up the diversion. “I have nothing to give him, so answer the question. Will having sex make the hunger better or worse?”
“Better,” he admitted with a sigh of frustration. “Each time we join it strengthens the bond and speeds your transformation.”
Knowing it wasn’t Bandar who needed the show, she ducked under his arm and stood in the middle of the room. “Then let’s get this over with.” She pulled her sweater off over her head and reached back to unfasten her bra.
His mouth opened as if he’d object, then his gaze helplessly followed as her bra slid down her arms and dropped to the floor. “Gods.” He yanked her into his arms and pressed her against his chest. I can’t let you do this.
We don’t have a choice, she stressed, and you know this will work.
“Get it over with?” he growled out the words, then spun her around so her front was visible again. “Like we did last night?” He banded her waist with one arm while his other hand moved over her breasts. “Raise your arms. Lock your hands behind my neck.”
“No.” She squirmed, making her breasts quiver.
“Do it now.” He pinched her nipple hard enough to make her gasp.
She raised her arms and entwined her fingers behind his neck. This arched her back, thrusting her breasts out and leaving the rest of her body vulnerable to his hands. He touched her boldly, teasing her nipples with one hand while the other opened the front of her jeans. She closed her eyes, trying to focus on the sensations. His touch was gentle yet sure as he slipped inside her pants, venturing ever closer to his target. He reached the waistband of her panties and stopped. “Do you want me to touch you, give you pleasure like I did last night?”
“No.” She tossed her head and rolled her hips. The ache between her thighs was all too real now. If it weren’t for their audience, she’d be lost in the urgency. He started to retreat and her eyes flew open. “Yes. Please. I need your touch.”
He slid his hand lower, easing inside her panties. She pushed to the balls of her feet, desperate and aching.
Suddenly their surroundings blurred and Ashley cried out. Fear threaded through confusion until her sluggish mind registered the familiar rush of bio-streaming. Bandar dragged his right arm back to her waist and managed to cover her breasts with his left arm, but her jeans were still unzipped.
They materialized in some sort of clinic and were greeted by a smiling black-haired man in a light blue lab coat. He stood well over six feet tall and had angular features so Ashley thought he was Rodyte until she looked into his eyes. His warm green eyes appeared human.
“We thought you were in trouble.” The stranger chuckled. “Should I give you a few minutes to finish up?”
“It will take a lot longer than a few minutes,” Bandar grumbled. “How did you find us?”
Ignoring the question, the stranger shrugged out of his lab coat and handed it to Ashley. “The name’s Hindel Irron. We’ve actually met before, but you were unconscious through most of it.”
She turned toward Bandar as she pulled on the lab coat. “You’re the doctor who dealt with my stab wounds?”
“Guilty as charged.”
After she zipped up her jeans, Bandar helped her button the lab coat, which kept the heat inside her smoldering. “Thank you and it’s nice to meet you.” She offered over her shoulder, oddly hesitant to leave the comfort of Bandar’s embrace.
“How’d you find us?” Bandar asked again. His arm wrapped loosely around her waist, encouraging her to stay close.
“I’m not sure. Someone pinged the commander and told him to be ready to stream you two off the Relentless. At the time we had no idea where the Relentless was, so the message didn’t make much sense. Then their covert shields dropped for no apparent reason. The ship appeared just long enough for us to lock on to its position and then it was gone again. It happened so fast, we weren’t able to locate your signal, so we thought we’d screwed up. But you know Commander Tarr. He never gives up without a fight. We kept scanning the area, determined to find you. And a few minutes later, your signal just flashed onto the scanners. I’m no engineer, but I’d never seen anything like it. We still couldn’t detect the Relentless, but it was like someone created a tunnel through their shields that led straight to you.”
“My shadow told Ashley he was Letos.” Tension rolled through Bandar as he spoke the words.
“That would explain a lot.”
Ashley turned around then moved to Bandar’s side. “You said Letos is a technomage. What does that mean exactly?” She looked from Bandar to Doctor Irron and back, not caring who answered as long as one of them explained.
“I said some believe he’s a technomage. I’ve seen little proof that it’s true.”
“Except for his ability to send thoughts through covert shields or guiding us to your position without giving himself away?” Irron challenged.
“We don’t know that was Letos.”
Ashley looked up at him and shook her head. “Who else would it have been? He told us he was going to help us escape and voila we’re free. Mighty strange coincidence if you ask me. Now stop dodging the question. What the hell is a technomage?”
“I’m not dodging the question.” Bandar sighed as he rubbed the back of his neck. “It’s complicated.”
“It’s not that complicated.” Irron motioned Ashley forward with a mocking snort for Bandar. “I know you’ve been through the ringer, but if you let me run a few scans and take a few samples, I’ll leave you alone for the rest of the day.”
“Deal, if you tell me about technomages.”
“Anything you want to know, sweetheart. I’m your man.”
Bandar caught Ashley’s wrist just before she stepped out of reach. “I need the data crystal. I’ll see if I can figure out what’s on it while you work with Irron.”
She reached into her pocket and pulled out the crystal, pausing to look at it before she handed it to Bandar. It was about two inches long, the sides grooved, the ends rounded. There didn’t appear to be any circuitry, so how did Rodytes imprint it with data? Doubting she would understand the answer even if she asked the question, she handed the crystal to Bandar.
He accepted it with a nod. “I shouldn’t be gone long.”
“And can you bring back some clothes? For both of us?” she added with a playful smile. He looked damn good in nothing but his underwear, but it was too hard on her composure.
“I’ll see what I can find.” Then he looked at Irron with mock ferocity. “Can I trust you to protector her until I get back?”
“She’s perfectly safe with me.” Then Irron grinned. “However, I can’t guarantee she’s safe from me.”
Clearly at ease with the situation, Bandar smiled as he left the clinic.

Chapter Six

“You’re right,” Sental told Bandar as lines of code scrolled across his holodisplay. “It looks like the crystal contains a copy of Daniel Kane’s data file. There’s multi-layered encryption, but it’s definitely human.” Sental’s primary responsibility aboard the Crusader was navigation, but he also maintained the ship’s computers. The ship had been in service long enough to work out the inevitable glitches, yet all the systems were state-of-the-art, so actual failures were few and far between. Still, Rodytes tried to anticipate any possible complication. “It shouldn’t take too long to replicate the key then we’ll be able to see the data.”
Bandar nodded. He’d been streamed to his cabin, so he could dress before going to the command center in search of Sental. “Ping me when it’s ready. I need to update Commander Tarr.”
“He’s down in engineering.”
“Thanks.” Bandar left the command center and headed for the stairwell, which was closer than the elevator. Engineering was three decks down and all the way aft, so he lengthened his stride, wanting to minimize his separation from Ashley. He hadn’t wanted to leave her at all, but Keyran was adamant in his refusal to allow females aboard. It was probably a wise precaution given the agitation of the crew. Even so, the logic didn’t make Bandar any more comfortable with the situation. Every protective instinct he possessed went into high alert every time he thought about her. What he didn’t want to think about was why.
He’d just reached engineering when Keyran stepped out into the corridor.
“Unless you have good news, tell me later. It’s been one hell of a day already and it’s barely past noon.” The tension in the commander’s craggy face echoed the warning.
“Sental is decrypting the contents of Daniel Kane’s backup files, Irron is running more tests on Ashley, and I’ve learned the identity of my shadow.”
Keyran paused and faced Bandar, a reluctant smile turning up one corner of his mouth. “My day just got brighter. Who’s your shadow?”
“He told Ashley he was Letos and he’s the one who arranged our escape, so I’m inclined to believe him.”
“Why would a technomage be on the Relentless?” With a thoughtful grumble, Keyran continued down the corridor. “The Integration Guild has always refused to take sides. If they’re backing Quinton now, Garin needs to know about it.”
Bandar fell into step beside his old friend. “If they’d chosen to back the crown, why would Letos help us escape? No. I think Letos is assessing the situation for the guild.”
“For what purpose? As I said, the guild avoids political conflict like a pandemic.”
“They avoid conflicts that don’t directly affect them. New opportunities for battle born males directly affects many, if not most, of their members. If they join our cause—”
“We don’t have a cause yet,” Keyran reminded with another half-smile. “We’re just gathering information.”
“Thank you Garin.” Despite his brother’s obvious interest in the possibilities, the general refused to be rushed. Several early indications had turned out to be false, so Garin’s caution had proved warranted. Still, Bandar was a man of action. All these delays were driving him crazy. “The Integration Guild is likely doing the same thing we are, recon.”
Keyran nodded, neither agreeing nor arguing with Bandar’s conclusion. “Garin needs to know we’ve gotten their attention.” He looked at Bandar, his eyebrows bunching together over his nose. “Have you or either of your brothers crossed paths with a technomage in the past?”
“There’s never been a reason before. We don’t exactly move in the same circles.”
“Apparently, there’s a reason now.”
They reached the elevator and stepped inside. “Command center.” The elevator took off with barely discernable acceleration. “Is that where you’re headed?” Bandar probably should have asked before setting the lift in motion.
“I’m as anxious to see what Sental turns up as you are.” His expression didn’t change as he added, “I know she spent last night in your bed. Did you do more than sleep?”
Bandar tensed. “We didn’t, but I’m not sure it would have been your business if we had.”
“You’re not technically part of my crew. However, I out rank you and—”
“We’re both commanders.” There was no hostility in Keyran’s gaze, so Bandar allowed himself the rebellion. Though they’d started out as mentor and student, it had been many years since Keyran was responsible for Bandar’s actions.
“Seniority.”
Bandar chuckled as the door slid open. “Fine. Commander Tarr. Nothing inappropriate happened.”
“Then why was she half-naked when you streamed to the Farm?”
He threw an annoyed look over his shoulder as he stepped out into the corridor. “When did Irron have time to tattle? I’ve been gone maybe half an hour.”
Keyran was clearly amused not angry. “I checked in to make sure you were both all right and he mentioned that neither of you were fully dressed when you arrived.”
“They confiscated my armor and she created a distraction while Letos worked his magic.”
With a low whistle, Keyran said, “That would have been one enjoyable distraction.”
“How would you know? You haven’t even seen her.”
Keyran laughed as they reached the command center. “Irron has been very descriptive in his updates.”
Sental motioned them over as they entered the room, so Bandar let the subject drop. Knowing that Irron had been spreading tales about Ashley annoyed Bandar, but he wasn’t sure why. She was undeniably attractive and somewhat of a novelty on a ship filled with passion-starved men. It was unfair to fault Irron’s fascination when he’d also been unable to banish her from his thoughts. And kissing her, touching her silken skin certainly hadn’t made matters easier. As Keyran said, Ashley was one enjoyable distraction.
“Did you crack the encryption?” Keyran moved to Sental’s other side, leaving room for Bandar.
“Of course.” Sental locked his hands behind his head and grinned. “Did you honestly have any doubt?”
“Compliments are more meaningful when they come from someone else.”
Keyran’s jibe didn’t deflate Sental’s buoyant mood. “I have no idea what any of it means, but we’re now the proud owners of several hundred pages of genetic research documentation.”
“Good work.” Sarcasm threaded through Keyran’s tone and he slapped the younger man on the back hard enough to knock him forward. “Make a copy of the unlocked file and give it to Bandar.”
“Yes, sir.” He turned around and went back to work.
Keyran moved closer to Bandar and lowered his voice. “I’ll let Irron determine what our next step needs to be after he’s had time to study this new information. But from what he’s told me already, it doesn’t sound like Ashley is going anywhere for the next few days.”
“That won’t make her happy. She’s only remained cooperative this long because she’s hoping to learn more about her father’s work and the circumstances surrounding his death.”
“Well, we know a lot more about Daniel’s work than she does. We need her to remain cooperative, so I don’t see any reason not to share.”
“I agree.” Bandar was relieved by Keyran’s attitude. It had been hard to keep the facts from her. Especially when she explained how much pain she’d endured because of her incomplete knowledge.
“I need to take the ship out of bio-streaming range for the next twenty-four to thirty-six hours. You’ll have to rely on Nazerel or the humans for transportation.”
“That shouldn’t be a problem. We’ll probably spend the night at the Farm.”
“Then I’ll send down a security detail.” He silenced Bandar’s objection with a shake of his head. “No arguments. I don’t anticipate any problems, but I won’t be here to back you up if something unexpected happens.”
“Fair enough.” Bandar was happy for any excuse to spend more time with Ashley. “Now that the research has been found, the danger to Ashley is greatly diminished. Still, I’d like to stay close, make sure she’s adjusting to everything we’ve thrown at her.”
Keyran chuckled, his dark gaze warm and knowing. “Stay as close as you like. Just be prepared to deal with Garin if you step over the line. You might not be my responsibility anymore, but Garin is your brother as well as your CO. And General Nox is much more intimidating than I’ll ever be.”
* * * * *
“So what’s a technomage?” Irron started to answer then Ashley changed her mind. “No, let’s come back to that. What did you find in my DNA that made you want to run more tests?”
The doctor seemed less enthused about answering that question. “I won’t know for certain until I have the results of these tests.”
Ashley knew an evasion when she heard one. They’d moved from the main clinic area into a private exam room. She wasn’t sure why. They appeared to have the place to themselves. In fact it was rather creepy. Each sound seemed amplified by the surrounding silence. “I’m not asking for absolutes. What do you suspect?” She sat on the end of an adjustable table, closely watching his every move.
He looked up from the handheld scanner he’d been running over her abdomen. “There are strong indications that your DNA has been modified.”
A shiver raced down Ashley’s spine. She’d barely had time to consider a reason for the doctor’s request when Bandar casually mentioned that Irron wanted to run more tests, but two possibilities flashed through her mind. Either she was something other than human or someone had been dinking with her genetics. Apparently, her second guess had been correct. “Modified how and why?”
“That’s what I’m trying to figure out.” He went back to scanning, which allowed him to avoid her semi-hostile gaze.
She didn’t need to ask who Irron suspected of making the changes. Exploring the benefits of genetic modification had been her father’s obsession. “Do you honestly think—”
He stopped her with an upraised hand, his expression compassionate. “It’s too early for conclusions and I don’t like to speculate. Let’s take this one step at a time.”
“All right.” Despite her agreement, her stomach knotted. Had her father really been ruthless enough to experiment on his only child? The idea made her soul ache. She’d spent half her life wishing she understood her father. Now, she was wondering if ignorance hadn’t been a better option. “Tell me about technomages. I suddenly need a distraction.”
After setting down the scanner, he picked up a syringe and motioned toward her arm. “Pull up your sleeve for me.”
“Damn. I was hoping there was some fancy Rodyte alternative to needles.” She obliged with a weak smile.
“Sorry. Even Rodytes have to pierce the skin to extract blood.” He fastened a compression band around her upper arm then swabbed the bend of her elbow with alcohol. “A technomage is someone who uses physically integrated technology to replicate Bilarrian abilities, what humans think of as magic.”
“‘Physically integrated’ as in controlled with brain waves or surgically implanted?”
He skillfully inserted the needle and drew several vials of blood. “Depends on the ability they’re trying to replicate. Internal nanites are necessary to amplify and create telepathic connections, while telekinetics can be accomplished with external devices.”
“Can they replicate any Bilarrian ability?”
“Most of them. But not every technomage can exhibit every ability.”
“That’s pretty straightforward. Why did Bandar say it was complicated?”
“Technomages belong to the Integration Guild and the politics surrounding that august body is extremely complicated.” After covering the tiny wound with a cotton ball and tape, he set the blood samples aside and disposed of the supplies he’d used.
“We appear to have time.” She pulled down her sleeve and crossed her legs. “Can you tell me about the Integration Guild or is it forbidden?”
“It’s not forbidden, but let’s move to a less clinical setting.”
Happy to oblige, she scooted off the table and followed him to a spacious office down the hall. Though the room appeared to have been ransacked, it was easy to picture how it must have looked before the raid. The modern furniture was beautiful, the decor surprisingly tasteful.
“Have a seat.” He motioned to the navy-blue sofa as he pulled one of the desk chairs around so he could face her. “How much has Bandar told you about our planet? Do you understand what caused the war?”
His phrasing surprised her and gave her an opening to clarify something she’d wondered about since she first saw him. “You said ‘our planet’, do you consider yourself Rodyte?”
“My mother was human, but I barely remember her. She died when I was still quite young.”
“I’m sorry. That must have been hard.” His expression didn’t change and he said nothing, so she asked, “Did they meet on Earth or are there humans on other planets now?”
“They met on Earth, but I’ve also run across humans on other planets. It’s really surprising that the general population of Earth is still unaware of how often aliens interact with humans.”
“I think most humans believe what they need to believe to cope with life in general. Despite the arrogance of the conclusion, it’s easier to believe that the entire universe exists for humans alone.” Other more personal questions threatened to escape. How had his parents met? Had his mother been a captive? But Irron’s past was none of her business. Even so, she risked another. “Did you grow up with your father or were you forced into the military? Bandar said that happens a lot with of battle born sons.”
“I’m not technically battle born. As you’ve probably guessed, my mother was a captive. But she was human, not Bilarrian, so my father couldn’t blame his ruthlessness on the war. He just saw a female he wanted and took her. Too many Rodytes view females that way.” He cleared his throat, obviously uncomfortable with the details. “I was raised by my father’s chosen mate. She was strict, at times harsh, but I never doubted her love for me or my father.”
“Was she Rodyte?”
He nodded. “She was and is. My father passed beyond several years ago, but his morautu still lives.” Before Ashley could find a response that didn’t sound trite, he added, “I became curious about my human roots in my youth, so my father arranged for an extended stay with my maternal aunt and uncle. I studied human medicine during those years then returned to Rodymia to complete my education. My understanding of human physiology is why Garin requested me for this mission.”
Garin, Bandar’s powerful older brother. His name sure came up a lot. “Sorry about the tangent. Please tell me about the Integration Guild.”
“Do you understand the basic conflict?”
“Rodytes feel cheated out of their ability to work magic because they were exiled from their homeworld by the Bilarrians.”
“Nice summation.” His expression turned distant as he paused to gather his thoughts. “There are two schools of thought on Rodymia. One group feels Bilarrians are to blame for all that we’ve lost and the only way to achieve justice is to take it back from them—by whatever means necessary.”
“They’re the ones who started the war.” She hadn’t meant to say it out loud. She was just processing the implications of his statement.
His smile was almost sad. “They would argue that the Bilarrians started the war and they’re only defending themselves against inexcusable oppression. My father belonged to that school of thought.”
“But you don’t?”
“I’m ambivalent about the entire situation. I understand both points of view and see value in each. I also see cruelty, bitterness, and hypocrisy.”
“What’s the other school of thought?” From what Irron had said so far, it sounded like Bandar belonged to the first group, the ones determined to take back by force everything they’d lost.
“A smaller, yet extremely devout, group has dedicated their knowledge and resources to regaining their abilities through technology. They’ll defend themselves when threatened, but they’ll never throw the first punch. They consider Bilarri the past and focus all their efforts on the future.”
“That position makes more sense to me. Violence never solves anything.”
Irron smiled again but his gaze remained clouded with memories. “Neither side is perfect. The ‘peaceful’ side is just as power hungry and ambitious as the warriors. I’m dedicated to saving lives, not taking them, but I admire the honesty in the warrior stance. The crime is well-defined, the enemy correctly identified, and the action is focused and final.”
“And the pacifists, do you find their stance less honest?” She was beginning to see why Bandar had claimed this was complicated.
“Infinitely.” He sighed before expounding. “It didn’t start out that way. This all transpired over hundreds of years. You understand that, right?” She nodded. “At first they only believed that war wasn’t the answer and technology would provide a way back for future generations. But as their technologies progressed they quickly realized that aptitude was still a controlling factor.”
“I’m not sure what you mean. What sort of aptitude and why was it a problem?”
“Back on Bilarri people are ranked and segregated according to their aptitude for magic. Those with greater potential for magic are admitted to the best training facilities and taught by the best instructors. Basically a person’s worth is defined by their capacity for magic. Our ancestors had little or no capacity, so they were deemed worthless and driven out.”
Similar ranks and separation existed on Earth. They were just determined by wealth and power rather than magic. “That’s so unfair.” And she wasn’t just thinking about Bilarri.
“There’s not a Rodyte alive who’d disagree with you. However, the injustice followed us to Rodymia. It just morphed into a different form.”
“Technological aptitude rather than a capacity for magic?”
He nodded, his expression downright grim. “The Integration Guild claims their purpose is to maximize each person’s potential through technology. The truth is darker.”
“Do they use technology to control others or can only the rich and powerful afford to join the guild?”
“You’re thinking in human terms. It’s not about money. Not everyone can tolerate, much less master, integrated technology. Those who can become influential and often rich, but no amount of money will buy the aptitude. You’re either born with it or you’re not.”
“So the guild only accepts those with a strong aptitude for integrated technology.”
Another nod signaled his agreement. “And the more tech you can master the more powerful you become. The best of the best become technomages.” He shook his head as he glanced into the distance. “Our ancestors were abused and ultimately exiled because of characteristics they couldn’t control and now we’ve evolved into a society disgustingly similar to the one that discarded us.”
“I see the hypocrisy,” she admitted. “Are there a lot of technomages?”
“No one knows for sure. The guild is incredibly secretive. Only those ‘gifted’ enough to join their ranks are allowed to know their secrets.”
“What a waste.” She fiddled with the hem of the lab coat. “On Earth they’d be super heroes.”
Irron’s laugh was abrupt and brittle. “On Earth they’d sell their services to the highest bidder just like they do on Rodymia. Power corrupts. It’s almost inevitable.”
“Then why do we struggle so hard to attain something that will inevitably destroy us?”
He waved away the question with another laugh. “That’s way too philosophical for this old sawbones.”
“Hello?” Bandar’s deep voice echoed down the hallway outside the office.
She hopped up and rushed to the doorway. “We’re down here.”
He turned toward her with a smile and headed in her direction. Dressed in jeans and a T-shirt, he had a small duffle bag slung over one shoulder. “Has Irron kept you entertained?”
“He’s been a perfect gentleman.”
Irron snorted. “Near enough.”
Bandar joined them in the office and she led him toward the couch before asking, “Was someone able to unlock the file?” She sat, hoping Bandar would do the same.
Instead, he pulled a data crystal out of his pocket and handed it to Irron. “With Sental’s compliments.”
Irron palmed the crystal then stood up. “I’ll look it over and let you know if it was worth all this trouble.” He winked at Ashley. “I enjoyed talking with you. Now make him feed you. Your blood sugar is still a little low. There’s a nutri-gen in the lounge down the hall.” The doctor headed for the door.
“Hold on,” Bandar called. “We’re stuck here for tonight. Where are the living quarters?”
“The nicer apartments are on the left past the break room. I stashed my things in the first one, but all of the others are available.”
Bandar nodded. “Keyran sent down guards, just in case. They’ll patrol in shifts.”
“Where’d Keyran need to be?”
“Didn’t ask. He just said they’d be out of range until sometime tomorrow.”
Irron shrugged. “Works for me. Thanks to Sental, I’ve got plenty to keep me busy.” He pulled the door closed as he left the office.
Bandar stood in front of the couch, towering over her as his gold-ringed gaze searched hers. Without the contacts, his eyes were even more penetrating than usual. “Are you hungry?”
His sensual undertone hinted at a lot more than food. She licked her lips as the desire they’d ignited in the holding cell sparked back to life. She’d never been kissed as passionately as Bandar kissed her, never wanted someone so desperately. “Yes.” The word sounded breathless and needy, which accurately reflected her mood. She’d been off-balance and achy ever since she met Bandar.
“Would you like me to feed you?”
Again his tone made her think of anything but food. “I like all sorts of things that are bad for me.”
One of his dark brows arched at the subtle slur. “What makes you think I’d be bad for you?”
“Gee, let me think.” She stood, expecting him to step back. He stood perfectly still, forcing her into his personal space. “Within twenty-four hours of meeting you, I’d been stabbed, abducted and required to strip in a room being observed by who knows how many men.”
“Letos stabbed you before I arrived, I asked you not to strip, and some of that should be softened by the fact that I saved your life.”
Refusing to be intimidated by his obvious tactics, she placed both hands on his chest and stared up into his luminous eyes. “Saving my life wipes away the stabbing, but you still owe me for the abduction and humiliation.”
A smile flirted with his lips, appearing then disappearing again. “Name your price, angel. I’m happy to pay.”
“Lunch, or is it dinner, and a foot message.”
His lips curved then parted as the smile finally took over his mouth. “Done.” He leaned down and kissed the tip of her nose then moved out of reach.
She’d set the tone for their playful mood, so she shouldn’t be disappointed by his reaction. Even so, part of her had been hoping he’d sweep her into his arms and kiss her senseless again.
Rather than dwelling on her irrational disappointment, she followed Bandar out into the corridor. “Did you bring me a change of clothes?” She motioned toward the duffle bag that still hung from his shoulder.
“They’re just uniforms, but they’re clean and I think they’ll fit. I grabbed some toiletries while I was at it. I wasn’t sure how much longer we’d be here.”
Her steps lagged, but her heartbeat accelerated. “You’re not taking me home tonight? Why not? Irron ran all the tests he wanted and I’ve done everything you asked me to.”
He glanced down at her though he kept walking. “Ready to be rid of me already?”
“That’s not the point. Fridays are basically my day off, but I have clients and friends who don’t have any idea where I am. They’re going to start worrying.”
“It’s unavoidable.”
“Not if you take me home.” She caught his upper arm and dug in her heels. “If not tonight, then when? I need to know what you have planned for me.”
“Dinner and a foot message.” He said it with a straight face, which only made her want to slug him.
“How much longer are you going to keep me here?”
“Until I know it’s safe for you to leave.” Ignoring her restraining hand, he turned and continued down the hallway.
She let go and fell into step beside him. “The bad guys have the documentation too. There’s no reason for them to come after me now. Why is my safety still a concern?”
“I’m not sure it is. We need to understand what your father did to your genetics before we can—”
“We don’t know that it was my father.” Even in her ears the statement sounded hollow. Daniel might not have done the procedure himself, but at the very least he’d known about it, allowed it.
“We don’t know a lot of things, which is why it’s best if you stick around.”
She wasn’t happy with that outcome, but nothing was gained by belaboring the point. She had no form of transportation, no money, no phone. Unless. “Do you have my phone? If I could check my messages and change my greeting that would alleviate most of my stress.”
“I don’t have it on me. Let’s find the lounge and have a nice meal, and then I’ll see what I can do.”
She’d half expected a terse refusal, so she’d take the partial win.
They reached the end of the main corridor without finding the lounge. She glanced back, meaning to call out to Irron, but she spotted two uniformed guards who appeared to be shadowing them. “Those are the guards you mentioned, aren’t they?”
“Just ignore them. I told the commander it wasn’t necessary, but he insisted.”
His annoyance was obvious and she couldn’t help but ask, “Have you been a naughty boy?”
“Always.” A slow, sexy smile reinforced the claim. “Shall I show you how naughty?”
“Not with the guards watching.”
The lounge was just off the main corridor and the room was surprisingly large. The guards remained in the corridor as Bandar and Ashley checked out their culinary options. Five round tables were arranged in a messy cluster in the middle of the room. Couches and chairs lined the perimeter walls and three large machines dominated the far end of the room. The one in the middle offered a selection of drinks in plastic bottles while the purpose of the other two was less clear.
“What sounds good?” Bandar walked up to the machine on the right and activated a holo-control panel with a wave of his hand.
“Is this a… What did Irron call it? Nutra-something.”
“Nutri-gen. It’s short for nutrition generator. It’s a fancy 3D printer that creates anything edible. Well, anything as long as the pattern has been programed into its memory.”
“So what are my options?”
He navigated through the menus, many selections displayed with colorful images. “Most of these are Rodyte cuisine. Let me see if they programed any human dishes.” He made a face when he finally found the small selection. “Hamburger, cheese pizza and fried chicken.” He cringed. “Not very imaginative.”
“How about a salad or turkey sandwich? I’m not very hungry. The only thing that really sounds good is a hot fudge sundae.”
“That’s probably your low blood sugar talking. Wait. Here’s the sandwich menu.” He scrolled through the selections then paused. “Yep. Turkey is on the list. Each item is made to order. How would you like it prepared?” She told him her preferences and he entered the order, adding something for himself. The machine came to life with a low hum. She was about to ask how long it would take when a small door in front of her opened and a tray slid out. She took the tray off the serving shelf and looked at the food. Each meal was presented on a thin white plate with the appropriate flatware and condiments. Her sandwich looked fresh and appetizing, but she wasn’t sure what to make of Bandar’s choice.
“What is that?” She nodded toward the long, narrow strips of yellowish meat, which had been slathered with a glossy brown sauce.
“Grilled cyatta. It’s a large water fowl, popular for casual eating. Think spicy chicken strips with the emphasis on spicy. Most Rodyte dishes are spicy.” She accepted the explanation as he took the tray from her. “Would you grab us each something to drink”
The labels were printed in Rodyte, so she selected two bottles of what she hoped was cola then joined him at the nearest table. “Am I out of luck for the hot fudge sundae?” She passed him one bottle and kept the other for herself.
“There was a dessert menu, but I didn’t see ice-cream on it. Eat your sandwich and I’ll see if I can work a miracle.”
Wanting to see his face, she slipped onto a chair across from him. “Are you in the habit of working miracles?”
“Only for you.” He handed her the sandwich and began to eat off the tray.
She wasn’t sure how to respond to his casual claim, so she said nothing. They ate in silence for a few minutes, tension mounting with each bite they took. Apparently, the pattern for turkey had been accurate because the sandwich was delicious. The “cola” however tasted more like root beer with a hint of cinnamon. She found it strange yet refreshing.
“I know you have no children,” he said suddenly. “Have you ever been in a serious relationship?”
She paused with the sandwich halfway to her mouth. “I take all my relationships seriously. Not that it’s any of your business.”
“This conversation has nothing to do with business.” He reached across the table and caught her hand. “I’m attracted to you in a way I don’t fully understand. However, I’ve learned to listen when my instincts are this strong.”
Setting down her half-eaten sandwich, she eased her hand out from under his and wiped her mouth with the napkin provided by the nutri-gen. “We’ve known each other for a grand total of one day. One.” When that didn’t lessen the intensity of his gaze, she took a drink of pop and struggled for something to say.
“I know you feel it too.”
“You’re gorgeous and heroic. What heterosexual female wouldn’t be attracted to you?” She didn’t give his ego time to swell before she added, “But there is no real significance in physical attraction. We don’t know each other. And I have no interest in recreational sex.”
“I wasn’t asking to have sex with you.” He sounded insulted by the concept. “I was making sure there was no one else in your life before I began my courtship.”
Courtship? How had he managed to make such a quaint word sound so raunchy? She saw herself as she’d been in the holding cell, bare-breasted and abandoned to the pleasure. That was what was waiting for her in his arms. Mindless passion, intense pleasure, here and gone like a flash of lightning. But she wanted more, a lot more. She needed stability and security, someone who understood and trusted her, a true partner, not just a sexual companion. Even if he was as devastating as Bandar. “And if I don’t want to be courted by you?”
“Then I’m not doing it right.”
A nervous laugh escaped her lips and she had to look away from his assessing stare. “The things I want in a life partner have little to do with physical attraction. Having chemistry like ours is nice, but it usually burns itself out just as fast as it flashes into existence.”
“Maybe with a human male, but I am Rodyte.”
A fact that was impossible to ignore with his strange and beautiful gaze burning into her. “What’s the difference?”
“Rodytes bond for life, so we must be sure we’ve found the right mate.”
“All the more reason to take things slowly.”
He chuckled and pushed the tray aside, apparently losing interest in his meal. “With chemistry like ours, is that really an option?”
“It is if you stop touching me.” Needing something to do with her hands, she picked up her sandwich and began nibbling again.
“I’m not sure I can.” The sincerity in his tone drew her gaze back to his. “The mating drive is extremely strong in Rodyte males. We can sense compatible mates and the more compatible we are with a potential mate, the stronger the attraction becomes. This isn’t infatuation or even lust. It’s something much more powerful.”
“That doesn’t change anything.” A shiver, part fear, part excitement, skittered down her spine. “I won’t sleep with a stranger. In fact, this place is obviously designed to accommodate more than a handful of people. If we’re staying here for the night, I want my own room.”
He shook his head. “Not possible.”
“Why not?” She set down what was left of her sandwich and glared at him.
“I can’t protect you if I’m not with you, and I will protect you.”
“Protect me from what? Akim has my father’s research. He has no reason to come after me now. Not to mention that we have bodyguards following us around. The only thing I need protection from is you.”
That backed him off in a hurry. “I would never hurt you. Surely you realize that.” He sounded hurt by the possibility and guilt deflated Ashley’s indignation. He hadn’t done anything to earn her mistrust, other than barge into her life. Her father’s work had made her a target, not Bandar.
“I don’t know you.” Rather than accusation, this time her words were tinged with regret.
He accepted the statement with a solemn nod then his gaze narrowed. “Would you like to get to know me?”
All the playful seduction was gone. He was honestly asking if she was interested in him. Her first instinct was to push him away with a firm denial, but fascination trapped the words in her throat. If his interest was as sincere as it appeared to be, she had nothing to lose by indulging him for a while. Wasn’t it her responsibility as a human to learn all she could about other life forms? It was a convoluted justification for flirting with an attractive man, but it was the best she could do right now.
Swallowing past her uncertainty, she took a deep breath and then asked, “What do you have in mind?”
* * * * *
Akim stared down at Letos and Chandar as they knelt before him, heads bowed, arms bound behind their backs. They’d been brought to his quarters a short time ago and already they’d exhausted his patience. Anger boiled within him, making speech difficult. They were each rumored to be invaluable, two of the most powerful beings alive. He’d thought this mission would be simple because of their extraordinary skills. So why had they proved utterly useless to him?
Freeing the handle of his flexwhip with a practiced twist, he clasped it with both hands. He had to do something to keep from strangling them as he spoke in low, succinct words. “You would have me believe that, without assistance, Keyran Tarr located this ship, burrowed through the most sophisticated shields Rodymia has ever produced, and miraculously freed my prisoners?” When they both remained silent, Akim kicked Letos in the chest, violently rocking him backward. “Well?”
Letos’s infuriated gaze stabbed into Akim for an instant before returning to the floor. “I thought your question was rhetorical, sir. I didn’t want to anger you by speaking out of turn.”
The bastard had been faultlessly polite since their last disciplinary session, but Akim didn’t buy the reformation. Letos despised him. Animosity radiated off the man in tangible waves. “Do you have another explanation for their escape?”
“I cannot explain their escape, sir. I only know I had no part in it.”
He sounded sincere and confidant as only one speaking the truth could be, and still Akim hesitated. “You were the last one to interact with them. You could have passed Ashley some sort of beckon, allowing the Crusader to find her.”
“The Crusader and the Relentless are sister ships. Wouldn’t your ship pick up any signal sent to the other?”
The answer was yes, but Akim wasn’t willing to confirm the fact. “No one else had access to the prisoners.”
“What about Erkott?”
Chandar’s question was so softly spoken Akim barely heard her. “You’re accusing my brother?”
“Of course not.” She didn’t sound nearly as convincing as Letos. In fact, she sounded almost bored. “I was just pointing out that Letos was not the only one with opportunity and access.”
“My brother has no reason to betray me.” Akim snapped the flexwhip out to his side, freeing the single lash, its default form. He’d hoped the subtle threat would shut her up, but he should have known better. Chandar could be cowed for short periods of time but her spirit remained unbroken. A fact that never failed to chafe.
“It couldn’t have been easy to grow up in your shadow,” she pointed out carefully. “Resentment is a powerful motivator.”
Was Erkott resentful? He seemed loyal, but that could be a façade. Was he— What in hells rings was wrong with him? He would not listen to her malicious slander. He activated a general comlink with a mental pulse as he glared at the top of Chandar’s head. Erkott report to my quarters immediately.
On my way, sir, came the crisp reply.
“He has a right to face his accuser,” Akim muttered, slapping the side of his boot with the lash. “Would you like to recant?”
“It wasn’t an accusation, merely an observation.” Her voice actually grew stronger. What impudence.
Emboldened by Chandar’s remarks, Letos joined the rebellion. “The security detail also had access to the prisoners.”
“What do common soldiers gain by such an act?” Akim dismissed the possibility with an annoyed wave of one hand.
“What do I?” Again Letos sounded submissive, but his posture revealed his defiance.
The visitor chime sounded and Akim commanded the door to open.
Erkott strode into the room, shoulders squared, expression cautious. “You summoned me, sir?”
“I’m attempting to get to the bottom of our latest mystery and Chandar kindly reminded me that you were also present shortly before the prisoners escaped.”
Erkott smirked then his eyes narrowed as he looked at Chandar. “I’m not surprised. Your pet holds a grudge like no one else.”
“Well, you were a bit overzealous the last time I allowed you to play with her.”
“She provoked me.”
Akim motioned Erkott to his side as he turned his full attention back to the subject at hand. “Lift your head and speak your accusations now that the accused is here to defend himself.”
Chandar slowly raised her gaze but she stared straight ahead, refusing to look at either brother. Her phitons were so constricted they’d become a thread of silver within a field of blue. “I stated a fact. It was not an accusation.”
“Were you attempting to cast doubt on Erkott?”
“No.”
Akim swung the whip, snapping the lash within an inch of her face. She didn’t even blink. “Lie again and you will be punished.”
“You’ll punish me regardless of my words, so what do I gain by indulging this farce?”
Instinct raised Akim’s arm again, but Letos drew his attention. “Sir, may I speak?”
With the flexwhip still poised to strike, he shifted his gaze to the spy. “Speak.”
“If I confess, will you spare Chandar?”
Slowly lowering his arm, he dispersed his emotions with a deep breath. Was every male on board enamored with his pet? It was a ridiculous question. Of course they were. Despite her failure to consistently predict the future, which was a harbinger’s purpose in life, she was a uniquely beautiful female. “I’ll accept your confession if you also explain how it was done.”
Letos opened his mouth then shook his head and whispered, “Please, sir, let her go.”
Chandar reached over and squeezed his arm. “There’s no need to endanger yourself. I’m well accustomed to these games.”
Akim couldn’t decide if he was infuriated or amused by her attitude. She’d had two years to learn the rules. She just refused to abide by them.
“Door open,” Akim said without taking his gaze off the two kneeling at his feet. “Guards!” When the two soldiers stationed outside moved just inside the room, he added, “Return Letos to the detention level.” He waited until Letos was gone to continue. Questioning them together had been a mistake. They were drawing strength from one another, fueling each other’s rebellion. “I have an offer for you as well.”
“I’m listening.”
Her calm indifference, however superficial, annoyed the hells out of him. “Give me the exact location of the Crusader and I’ll consider this incident resolved. Letos will not be harmed and neither will you.”
“My power doesn’t work that way.”
“Your power?” he scoffed. “Any evidence that you have power comes and goes at your whim.” He slowly circled her neck with the end of the whip, the movement as much of a caress as a threat. “You have exactly as much control over your power as you choose to exert. I suggest you start exerting.”
“A harbinger must reach a state of serenity for the visions to unfold.” She swallowed and her lips began to tremble, the first outward sign she’d revealed of her inner turmoil. “My existence has been anything but serene since I was entrusted to your tender care.”
Her bitter words pleased him despite her refusal to cower. “You have twelve hours to achieve serenity or I’ll give Erkott the code to your room.”

Chapter Seven

Needing something to distract him from the desire pounding through his system, Bandar gathered the dishes onto the tray and returned everything to the nutria-gen.
“What happens to all that?” Ashley motioned toward the dishes and food debris. She paused to push in their chairs and pick up his duffle bag before meandering toward him.
“It’s broken down, sorted into molecular compounds and recycled.” Her curiosity was understandable, but the last thing he wanted to talk about was technology. “The systems were originally developed for long-range spaceships. Without recycling capabilities it’s almost impossible to maintain adequate supplies in space.”
She accepted the explanation with a soft smile that sent his heart racing. Everything she did seemed to affect him the same way. She smiled and he wanted to kiss her. She frowned and he wanted to kiss her. Even her anger aroused him like nothing he’d ever experienced before. He was battle born, for gods’ sake. He was used to going months, sometimes years, without having access to a female. Why did this human unravel his composure so completely? He was pretty sure he knew the answer, but thinking about the possibilities only made him want her more.
“What did you mean about getting to know you?” Her voice was soft, her expression cautious yet openly curious. She handed him the duffle bag and he draped it over his shoulder. “It didn’t sound like you were talking about a long, in-depth conversation.” She walked at his side as they left the break room. The two guards, who had taken up positions in the hallway, fell in behind them as Bandar led her down the corridor.
She wasn’t close enough for him to feel her body heat, so why was his skin tingling? “The nanites I gave you can create a transfer link. If I allow you access to my memory, you’d know more about me in a matter of minutes than a human male could tell you in a lifetime.”
“Why would you want anyone to know you that well?”
He reached over and took her hand. “You shared some really painful things with me. I want to reward your openness.”
Her fingers tensed and he thought she’d pull away, then her hand relaxed and a soft sigh escaped her. “I won’t pretend I’m not curious, but I’m not sure I see the point. I’ve told you everything I know. Why are you still trying to seduce me?”
One of the guards attempted to disguise his snicker as a cough and failed, so Bandar backed them off with a telepathic command.
“I told you why.” He waited until the guards were well back before he spoke again. “This isn’t about your father’s work. I’m genuinely interested in you.”
She looked up at him, challenge arching her brow. “You want to have sex with me.”
“Absolutely, but I want so much more.”
She didn’t reply and awareness arced between them, tense and electric. They easily located the rooms Irron had mentioned and selected an apartment somewhat secluded from the others. Bandar told the guards to take up positions at the end of the hall, then escorted Ashley into the borrowed room.
There were no signs of the battle in this room. In fact it didn’t appear to have been occupied at all. The bed was neatly made, everything clean and orderly, if rather impersonal. Though all one open space, the apartment was organized into three separate areas, bedroom, living room, and workstation with a built-in desk and shelving unit. He lowered the duffle bag to a chair near the bed then turned to face her.
“Why do they call this place the Farm,” she asked as she completed her assessment of their surroundings. “Or is it something I’d rather not know?”
“This complex is powered by large turbines that harness the wind. A grouping of these turbines is known as a wind farm, and we are situated beneath them, so the complex also took that name.”
“Then we are underground. I thought we might be.” She tucked her hair behind her ears, her hands trembling. “Is the Bunker underground as well?”
“Most of it.”
“Are we still in Arizona?”
He shook his head, not sure how to draw her away from the meaningless small talk and back into his arms. “I believe we’re in a state called Nevada. The nearest city is Las Vegas.”
She started to say something then sighed. Instead, she met his gaze, determination clear in her wide green eyes. “How does this memory thing work?”
It was all he could do not to pull her into his arms and kiss her until they were both breathless and wild. Every instinct he possessed was telling him to advance, to conquer and possess, yet he knew she wasn’t ready for sexual aggression. She wasn’t used to Rodyte ways, didn’t feel things as intensely as he did. If he ever hoped to win her, a slow, steady approach was the only way.
“This sort of exchange usually happens after a mating bond has been established, but my nanites will allow us to rearrange things a bit.”
She dragged her gaze away from his and her tongue swept across her lower lip before she spoke again. “If a couple waits until after the bond is formed, isn’t it too late to do anything about it even if they find out something horrible?”
Her uncertainty was driving him crazy. He didn’t want her to feel nervous and unsure. He wanted her snuggled against his chest, content and secure. “The need to bond is often so strong, they can’t think of anything else. It’s only after they’ve indulged their physical desires that they’re calm enough for the memory exchange.”
“Are you…” She looked into his eyes as desire sparked within her curiosity. He could see it in her expressive gaze and smell the unmistakable scent of her body’s awakening. “Do you really want me that badly?”
“Gods, yes.” He grasped her upper arms and pulled her closer before he could stop the impulse. She gasped and he set his back teeth, forcing himself to release her. “But I’ll wait. I’ll give you all the time you need.” She nodded, but didn’t speak, so he motioned toward the sitting area. “Slip off your shoes. I still owe you a foot message.”
She sat in one of the upholstered chairs and he pulled the other around so he could face her. “You don’t really have to rub my feet.”
“I want to.” It would help her relax and, hopefully, the physical contact would be enough to keep him from pouncing on her. He watched her silently as she slipped off her shoes and pulled off her socks. Her movements were still somewhat reluctant, so he tried a little humor. “You can keep going if you like. I’ll happy rub anything you’re willing to bare.”
Her lips twitched then parted in a sweetly innocent smile. He knew she wasn’t yet thirty, but she looked even younger right then. “A foot rub is all I agreed to.”
“Well, the offer is always open, if you change your mind.” He reached down and lifted her feet onto his lap. “Can I ask a personal question?”
One of her brows arched as she settled against the back of her chair and let her legs relax. “I’m not obligated to answer, but you’re welcome to ask.”
“Are you still a virgin?”
Her laugh sounded forced and she looked away as she said, “You think I’m a virgin because I won’t sleep with you? Yeah, that’s not arrogant at all.” He rubbed her instep firmly with his thumb, encouraging her body to release its tension. She moaned and closed her eyes. “Wow. That feels amazing.”
“You didn’t answer the question.”
“No. I’m not a virgin.” She didn’t open her eyes so he kept rubbing. “I’m not afraid of sex, if that’s what you’re inferring. I just like for it to mean more than scratching an itch.”
The description made him smile and he let the subject drop for the time being. She wouldn’t consider a physical relationship until they knew each other better, so his top priority was providing her with what she needed to feel more comfortable.
With Rodytes there was far less uncertainty. Instinct guided them to a mate who not only appealed to them physically, but would complement their personality and increased their chances of producing healthy offspring. Even if he explained this to her, she wouldn’t believe it was possible. She wasn’t Rodyte.
“There are a couple of ways we can do this,” he told her. “I can pass you the memories one at a time, or I can guide you into my mind so you can wander at will. The exchange will be more controlled if I pass them to you.”
“Let’s start slow, let me see how it feels.”
Lust surged as his sex-starved brain provided alternate meanings for her innocent suggestion. He was more than willing to start slowly, to awaken her sense gradually until she was begging to “see how it feels”. Heat cascaded through his body and he squeezed her foot so hard she flinched. “Sorry. Let me get the link established and then I’ll resume your massage.”
“All right.”
She started to open her eyes, but he stopped her. “Keep them closed. Your brain isn’t used to processing this sort of input. It might be disorienting until you get used to it.” She nodded again, so he commanded the nanites to expand the link. Her lips parted and she inhaled sharply. “It shouldn’t hurt. Are you in pain?”
“No. It just feels really strange.” She fidgeted in her chair, her body gently undulating. He snapped his gaze back to her face and kept it there. She was just too damn tempting. “I could sense you before, but you were like an echo or an image from a dream. You’re so much more real now. I can almost feel your heartbeat.”
He wanted to feel her heartbeat beneath his palm or her lips pressed against his chest as he sank deep into her soft body. “That just means the link is working. Let’s try a static image.” It took a minute to find an image that wasn’t sexual. He had to control this hunger if he ever hoped to earn her trust. And that was the reason for this exercise. He wanted her to trust him, to feel comfortable and secure when they were together. Purging his mind with a deep breath, he carefully passed her an image. “What do you see?”
“An adorable little boy.” A dreamy smile bowed her lips. “Is that you?”
“It is.” He stood in front of a massive pertton tree holding a wooden sword. “I must have been five. It was shortly before I left for basic training.”
Her eyes flew open and her head came up off the back of the chair. “Your military training began when you were five?”
He shook his head, warmed by her concern. “I was educated at a military facility. My military training didn’t begin until I was fifteen.”
“Fifteen is still awfully young.”
“Adolescent males require structure and discipline. It develops character.”
She returned to the more relaxed pose, but her eyes reflected her doubt. “Sounds like a conditioned response. Do you honestly believe that?”
“I do. Left to their own devices, adolescent males are basically destructive.”
“I’ve known some adolescent females who left their male counterparts in the dust.”
His eyebrows arched. “Were you one of them?”
She shook her head as her eyelids drifted shut. “My life was so regulated I didn’t have the opportunity to misbehave. But this is about you. Show me more.”
He passed her several images in quick succession. His eight-year-old self chased his brothers through the woods outside their father’s estate; they sat at their father’s feet as he told them a story, and then he and Zilor stood before their father dressed in identical uniforms. “My childhood was rather boring,” he concluded.
“I know your older brother is Garin. What’s your younger brother’s name?”
“Zilor.”
“He was a beautiful boy.”
He chuckled, well used to females reacting to Zilor. “He’s still too pretty to be male.”
“Really? Let me see a current image of him.”
Trying not to be jealous, he showed her Zilor as he’d been last time Bandar saw him. Dressed in the black-and-gold uniform of the Rodyte Planetary Defense Force.
“Wow. You weren’t kidding. He could make a fortune off that face on Earth.” She shifted in her seat and opened her eyes. “Is it a family tradition to join the military? I didn’t realize all three of you had chosen that profession.”
Chosen? He tensed as he realized just how alien the concept was to him. “Garin had options and was allowed to choose. Zilor and I accepted the fate our father decreed for his battle born sons. We knew from an early age that we’d serve the RPDF.”
“RPDF?”
“Rodyte Planetary Defense Force.”
“What would you have done if you had the choice?”
It took him a minute to admit the truth. “I don’t know. I knew I had no other choice, so I saw no reason to think about it.”
Her gaze narrowed and compassion warmed her eyes. “I don’t believe you, but we’ll let it go for now. Show me what your life has been like since you ‘accepted your fate’.”
There was just enough sarcasm in her tone to stress her disbelief. She was right, of course. So much of a soldier’s life was waiting around between battles. It was almost inevitable that he would dream of a life full of choices and freedoms he had never known.
Rather than dwell on his discontent, he selected a variety of images, carefully avoiding those situations that revealed too much. He sent them across their link in a gradual stream.
She accepted each one, watching and experiencing the events without judgment or resistance. Then suddenly, he felt her pull away.
“You’re holding back.” She eased her feet off his lap and lowered them to the floor. “I’m sure practice fights and camaraderie are a big part of your life, but where are the conflicts, the challenges? Have you ever lost your temper or disobeyed an order? What about women? Are you still a virgin?”
If he bombarded her with sexual images, would she lose interest in the exchange? He should have realized she wouldn’t be satisfied with a sanitized version of his past. She’d revealed the skeletons in her closet and now she expected him to do the same. “All right. I’ll guide you across the link and you can wander at will.”

Ashley braced for a mental deluge, but Bandar was incredibly gentle. His energy flowed into her mind, creating a sense of intimacy she’d never experienced before. She closed her eyes and relaxed back in the chair, letting him pull her along. There was a brief moment of silence and then she was surrounded by emotions, thoughts, images and random facts. The housekeeper was married to the chief of security. They’d once had a pet legotta named Keller. Then she saw a shaggy creature with bright green eyes and big floppy ears about the size of a Shetland pony. If that was Keller, it was no wonder Bandar had been confused by the concept of house pets. Bandar’s father’s first name was Harton. Like an immersive virtual reality, sensations swarmed her, every bit as tangible as her own, yet projected at her rather than originating from inside her.
“Focus on anything you want to explore and the other images will fade.”
She nodded, then realized he wouldn’t be able to see her if his eyes were also closed. “All right.”
It was easy to decide what she wanted to see. His resistance told her where to find the interesting situations. The first area he tried to protect was nearly back to his childhood. Bandar looked about twelve or thirteen. His features had just started to mature. He and his brothers were creeping through their father’s office, stumbling over the furniture as they made their way through the darkened room. It wasn’t clear why they were there or why they didn’t turn on the lights, but Garin snapped at Zilor, warning him to be quiet. Zilor shoved Garin in response and Garin shoved back. Zilor’s arms flailed as he tried to catch his balance and one of his hands caught an object proudly displayed on the corner of their father’s desk. The object flew off the desk and crashed against the nearest wall. Ashley couldn’t see the object clearly, but it appeared to be some sort of statue.
The scene shifted, the office was light. The three boys stood before their father’s desk hands clasped behind their backs. Zilor and Bandar were dressed in identical uniforms, but Garin’s uniform was blue rather than gray.
“Confess and your punishment will be lessened.” Anger and demand snapped through Harton Nox’s deep voice. Was his appearance shaped by Bandar’s perception or were his features really that imposing? With ultra-short hair, flashing blue-ringed eyes, and squared shoulders, he looked more drill sergeant than father. “I will not abide liars and miscreants!”
Bandar stepped forward, his young face devoid of emotion. Ashley’s heart clenched. He was still a child and already he’d learned how to hide his feelings. “It was an accident, sir. I tripped on the edge of the rug and my hand caught the statue. I should not have been in your office without permission. I accept responsibility for what I’ve done.”
After a momentary pause, Harton dismissed his other two sons with an impatient nod toward the door. Zilor hesitated, his wide, frightened gaze fixed on Bandar. Garin grabbed his arm and pulled him from the room as Bandar stoically waited for his punishment.
“Why did you lie for him?” She opened her eyes, but he was staring off into the distance, obviously lost in the past. “And why were you in your father’s office in the first place?”
“There was a blind spot on the surveillance coverage outside my father’s office. Garin had rigged it so we could crawl in and out the window without setting off the alarms. We did it frequently that summer. Then Father realized what we were doing and ended our fun.”
He still didn’t look at her, so she asked, “What did Zilor break? Your father seemed good and steamed about it.”
“My father’s youngest brother is an archeologist.” His gaze finally returned to her, but memories still haunted his expression. “The statue was the likeness of one of our ancient gods. It was a priceless piece of history. My father was furious.”
“If the statue meant that much to him, you had to have known he’d flip out. So why’d you cover for Zilor?”
He shrugged, but his indifference seemed forced. “It was a hard summer for Zilor. He’d just been punished for being disrespectful to one of his instructors. I knew Father wouldn’t deal with me as harshly as he’d deal with Zilor. The kid needed a break, so I protected him.”
She smiled, encouraging his openness. “That was very noble.”
“I learned to be protective from Garin. He’d been my whipping boy more than once.”
The brothers were obviously close, yet already distinctions were being made. “Why was Garin’s uniform a different color?” She suspected she knew, but she needed to hear it.
“He went to a different school, one Zilor and I weren’t allowed to attend.”
He didn’t need to say more. He’d already explained why Garin received preferential treatment. She just hadn’t realized it had started so young or that the differences had been so glaring.
Rather than dwell on the injustice, she let her eyes drift shut again. She floated through countless situations, shocked by the sameness of it all. Bandar’s life had been repetitive and strictly ordered. There were family outings, but those scenes became more and more infrequent as the boys became young men. Bandar managed to spend more time with Zilor because they attended the same schools. Garin, on the other hand, was relegated to holochats and holidays, and Bandar missed him very much.
He was barely old enough to grow a beard when flashes of combat entered the scenes. She almost asked how old he was when he first fired a weapon then decided she didn’t want to know. The brutality seemed to ebb and flow. There was nothing but battle scene after battle scene for what seemed like forever and then long stretches of training and boredom. The training wasn’t much better than the actual battles. Bandar’s life had been incredibly violent.
He tried to steer her away from a particularly bloody battle, but his efforts made her even more curious. She delved deeper into the memory until smoke stung her eyes and the bitter taste of blood filled her mouth. None of the other memories had been this detailed. Something about this incident had imprinted this event on Bandar’s mind. His pain shot through her body, yet his rage and utter focus drove them onward. He stumbled over uneven ground and moaning bodies, shooting a pulse rifle with one arm while he steadied a fallen comrade with the other. The other soldier was draped over Bandar’s shoulder. They were both covered in blood. When he reached the relative safety of a small ship, he lowered the wounded soldier to the ground and prepared to run back the way he’d come.
A hand grabbed his arm as a sharp voice commanded, “Get on board. I called the retreat.”
“But Phaton and Terrce are still out there,” Bandar shouted above the roar of the ship’s engines.
“They’re lost, Nox. Get on board. That’s an order!”
Fury and grief forced her out of the memory, leaving her breathless and dazed. She had to blink back tears when she opened her eyes.
“He was a useless coward.” Bandar made it sound like a snarl. “And I made damn sure the higher ups heard about what he’d done.”
“Good for you.” She offered a wan smile, but she was still shaken by the intensity of his emotions. Knowing he was a soldier and experiencing even a glimpse of what he actually went through were two very different things.
He closed his eyes, obviously waiting for her to continue her exploration. She flowed for a time, allowing him to guide her progress. He matured and advanced, was soon giving orders rather than receiving them. She stumbled across another dark scene and felt his mental pull, drawing her in another direction.
“Why are you guarding this one?” She didn’t want to intrude if it was something he wasn’t ready to share. He’d been respectful while she shared her past with him, and she’d poked and prodded in return.
“It’s just…” He sighed and let her in.
Bandar sat on a platform with four other uniformed soldiers. They each looked ridiculously handsome, yet overly serious. She wasn’t sure what the ceremony signified, but it was obvious the men were being honored. The image shifted to Bandar’s perspective as he looked out over the crowd. He spotted Garin and Zilor, but his heart fell when he realized his father wasn’t there.
His hushed voice drew her back to the present. “Father was a very busy man. His responsibilities were legitimate and demanding. It wouldn’t have bothered me if his limited time had been divided evenly. But he always made time for Garin, while Zilor and I received attention only when nothing else was going on.”
“That would piss me off too.” He was trying to minimize it, but she could feel how badly the inequity hurt him and how prominently it played into his current attitudes and aspirations. As he’d said, the battle born had been forsaken when they proved less useful than originally anticipated. The prejudice was wrong and Bandar intended to correct the mistake. He hungered for choices, rights and freedoms he had never known.
Easing back into his memories, she was disturbed again by the endless repetition. He laughed and harassed his companions, playing games of chance to pass the time. But more than anything, she felt the loneliness and his burning desire for something more meaningful.
She felt a blast of resistance as she neared another shadowy scene.
“Don’t.”
The finality in his tone made her open her eyes. “Why not?”
He scooted his chair closer to hers, not stopping until their knees touched. “That’s my first kill. I don’t want the darkness in my past to dim your light.” He reached over and placed his hands on her thighs. He didn’t move his fingers or make the motion any more intimate than physical contact between his body and hers. “I still see innocence in your eyes. I don’t want to corrupt that.”
She didn’t feel nearly as innocent as he obviously found her, but compared with his life, her problems were doubtlessly blips on a screen. “Your ‘first’ kill. Have there been many?”
“My first assignment was to a preemptive strike team. By taking out strategic targets, we were able to minimize losses on both sides.”
“You were an assassin?” She’d known he was a soldier and killing was part of war. Still the concepts didn’t sit well with her pacifist tendencies. Sometimes evil required action, but she couldn’t help feeling like war was attempting to fight evil with more evil.
Who was she to criticize his life? She advised pet owners for a living while he was trying to secure a brighter future for himself and the other battle born. The contrast was stark and evocative.
“I was seldom the person who actually pulled the trigger,” he said carefully. “But I was directly involved in numerous assassinations. Look, Ashley, I’ll tell you anything you want to know. I just don’t want those images in your mind.”
She accepted the compromise with a tense nod, no longer sure she wanted to witness any more of what he’d been through. “Are there no bright spots in your past? What about hobbies and… Do they ever let you leave the ship?”
He gathered her hands between his, lightly stroking her skin with his thumb. “I’ve spent my entire adult life on various spaceships. We’re offered as mercenaries when hostilities with the Bilarrians lull. It never ends. Officers are allowed two weeks of leave per year, and that is frequently broken up into two- or three-day segments. I have no hobbies. All of my friends are fellow soldiers. And that is all I can ever expect if I remain with the RPDF.”
No wonder he was willing to risk so much in his quest for a better life. “I’m pretty sure you’re not a virgin, but have you ever had an actual girlfriend?”
He grinned. “Why are you so sure I’m not a virgin?”
“You certainly didn’t kiss like a virgin.”
His gaze dropped to her lips and lingered. “Sometimes kissing is all virgins are allowed to do so they get very good at it.”
Her jaw dropped and she forced her eyes to blink. “You’ve seriously never been with a woman?” What was wrong with Rodyte females? He just grinned again and her eyes widened. If he was never allowed off the ship… “Have you been with a man?”
He finally laughed, releasing her hands so he could sit back in his chair. “I’m not a virgin, and all of my sexual encounters have been with females. As for the girlfriend question, I was hopelessly enamored with our cook’s assistant when I was thirteen, but she was in lust with Garin. They were all in lust with Garin. He’s the Nox heir, not me.”
“There has been no one since you became a soldier?”
His momentary levity faded as quickly as it had appeared. “What sort of relationship can I build when I’m only allowed to leave active duty a couple of weeks each year? Many military vessels have pleasure givers on board, but few are willing to sign on to long-range missions. We’re thankful for any port that has females, even if they’re only willing to serve us drinks.”
He eased her out of his mind and the link faded. Apparently, he was finished with show and tell.
“I’m sorry. I had no idea you’ve been so…isolated.” Then a thought occurred to her, one that should have bothered her before. If Harton had taken a second war bride, what became of his first? “What happened to your mother? Do you have any contact with her?”
It took a moment for him to answer and then he droned out the explanation like a voice replicating computer. “My father called her Aliria, which means prize or treasure. She refused to tell him her real name. She wanted nothing to do with me. As soon as she’d recovered from giving birth, she ran away from our estate. She trusted the wrong man because she was desperate. He tried to ransom her back to my father, but by the time Father came to collect her, she’d taken her own life. Father never spoke of these events, but Garin was old enough to remember.”
Shocked into silence, Ashley just stared into his eyes. His features seemed frozen, incapable of expressing the emotions ravaging his soul. “I’m sorry.” Even whispered and sincere, the phrase seemed pathetic, utterly inadequate consolation for what he had suffered.
“Do you have a better idea of who I am now?” He pushed to his feet and slid the chair back to its original position.
She nodded, missing the intimacy of their mental joining. His emotions still echoed through her soul, but he seemed very far away. “I can definitely understand why you’re discontent. Your life has been pretty bleak.”
“And my children’s lives won’t be much better unless we bring about serious change. Taking war brides must be illegal and the battle born must be freed.”
 She understood his need for change and supported his efforts. His fixation with regaining magic, however, seemed like a waste of energy. Rodyte technology already allowed him to accomplish things that made him seem like a sorcerer.
“Thank you for doing this.” She wasn’t ready to admit that it had worked incredibly well. She now felt like she’d known Bandar for years, like they’d grown up together.
“You’re welcome.”
He looked in the compact refrigerator and found a bottle of what looked like beer. “Do you want one?”
“No thanks. I know it’s early, but I’m almost ready for bed.”
“Best news I’ve heard all day.” He grinned as he triggered the cap with a firm swipe of his thumb.
“That’s not what I meant and you know it.” She strolled toward the door between the bedroom and sitting area. “Any chance there’s a bathtub in here?”
“Why don’t you find out?” His glistening gaze promised mischief and she hastily reconsidered her plans.
She eased the door inward and found a compact bathroom. There was a shower stall, but no bathtub. “Damn.”
“We can look at the other apartments if you’re dying for a soak.”
“It’s not that important. I can wait until I get home.” She closed the bathroom door and faced him. “Speaking of which, did you arrange for someone to retrieve my phone?”
“I didn’t and it will have to wait until tomorrow. The ship is out of range.”
“What about Nazerel?”
He took a swig of beer, his gaze intent upon her face. “Despite his recent generosity, Nazerel is not my errand boy.”
Wow. Their trip down memory lane left him in a crappy mood. “Fine. I didn’t mean to piss you off.” She turned away, but that made her face the bed and conflicting emotions twisted through her. Why was she still fighting her attraction to him when nothing felt more natural? She hadn’t had many lovers, but nothing in her past even began to compare with what she felt for Bandar.
As if summoned by her thought, he was suddenly right behind her. He must have set the beer down because his hands lightly clasping her upper arms. “I’m sorry. The memories were more painful than I’d anticipated. I don’t allow myself to think about most of those events.”
She turned and tilted her head so she could see his face. “I know the feeling. Not even my closest friends know about some of the things I told you.”
He traced the side of her face, tucking her hair behind her ear as he descended. “Why do you think that is?”
“It would make more sense if I hadn’t told you until now, but I trusted you the moment I met you. That’s irrational.”
Heaving a sigh, he pushed his fingers into her hair and stroked her lips with his thumb. His hand easily spanned the distance, drawing her attention to how much bigger he was than her. She’d always towered over other women and frequently looked men directly in the eyes, especially when she wore heels. It was refreshing to be with someone who made her feel delicate and feminine.
“It’s instinctual. Your body and soul know who I am even if your brain won’t let you admit it.”
It was hard to argue with him when her breath hitched and her heart pounded each time his fingers brushed her skin. “I admit we have a connection. Does that automatically mean I should abandon my old life and join your fight for freedom?” She didn’t find the idea nearly as outrageous as she should.
“Don’t be so dramatic.” He smiled and his phitons shimmered. “The choices aren’t mutually exclusive.”
She smiled and moved closer to him. “I don’t have casual affairs. Once I open my heart, I need a real commitment. Are you ready for that?”
“There is nothing casual about this and commitments don’t scare me at all.” His arm wrapped around her waist, his fingers splayed against her ribs.
He started to lower his head, but she stopped him. “How do Rodytes prevent pregnancy and the spread of STDs?”
“Humans are still dealing with sexually transmitted diseases?” He was obviously surprised. She nodded. “Mandatory inoculations have long since eradicated most forms of disease on Rodymia.”
Did he realize how valuable such knowledge would be once his people were ready to negotiate with humans? Instead of introducing the tangent, however, she asked, “And pregnancy?”
“I can’t give you a child without a mating bond and I vow not to trigger the link until you’re ready and willing to take that step.”
She raised her hands to his shoulders, gazing deep into his eyes. “I can’t believe I buckled this easily. I was so sure I could resist you for at least a few weeks.”
“A few weeks?” He crushed her to him with a groan. “I’ll be dead by morning if I don’t taste you again.”
The melodramatic claim made her laugh as he scooped her up in his arms. The ease with which he could lift her never failed to thrill her. She never dared to dream she’d find a lover who would literally sweep her off her feet. “I wasn’t aware that you’d ‘tasted’ me already.” She accented the statement with a playful smile. “I’m pretty sure I’d remember.”
His lips captured hers for a brief, blatantly possessive kiss. His tongue swept into her mouth, offering his taste as he greedily absorbed hers. “This is what I meant.” He paused beside the bed with her still cradled in his arms. “Is there somewhere else you’d like for me to taste?”
She shivered, suddenly embarrassed by her own boldness.
A firm knock on the door preempted her reply. Bandar set her down on the edge of the bed as he turned toward the door. “I’m going to kill him.” He growled the threat under his breath then spoke a Rodyte command.
The door slid open and Dr. Irron bustled into the room. He clasped some sort of scroll in his right hand. It didn’t look like paper, more like old-fashioned x-ray film. Without preamble, the doctor launched into his explanation. “Your father’s results are staggering, but I really need to understand the progression.” He unrolled the scroll and the device sprang into shape, becoming a perfect, suddenly rigid square. Was this the Rodyte version of a tablet computer? He activated the device with a circular motion that didn’t actually touch the surface. The screen shimmered then swelled into a three-dimensional display. Very cool. He used an up and down motion to manipulate the data hovering in the air in front of him. “His last formula is labeled Protocol C4.” He glanced up from the screen and looked at her. “There are references to earlier formulas, but these notes don’t go back that far.”
“And what would you like us to do about it?”
She fought back a smile. Bandar was not amused by this interruption.
Ignoring Bandar’s gruffness, Irron stayed focused on Ashley. “Did your father maintain an archive? Was he employed by a university or research company? Do you have any idea who might have his earlier documentation?”
Sitting on the edge of the bed made her feel self-conscious, so she stood up and moved to the center of the room. “The only one who would know is my mother and chances are really slim that she’d have kept his things. Their divorce was anything but amicable. If he left papers with her, she probably burned them.”
He ran his fingers over the surface of the computer. The holodisplay retracted and a less elaborate control panel appeared. “What’s her number?”
“That’s a telephone?”
“Establishing comlinks is one of its many functions.”
She shot a triumphant look at Bandar as she asked, “May I use it when we’re finished?”
“Of course.” He glanced at Bandar, confusion furrowing his brow. “Is something wrong with yours?”
Bandar just glared.
“The number,” Irron prompted. She told him and a moment later she could hear her mother’s phone ringing. It only rang once before the connection terminated. “She declined the call. Will she pick up for you?”
“Most of the time.” Her mom could be prickly when not handled with care.
“What’s your phone number? I’ll have my datapad emulate your signal.” She told him her number and then repeated her mother’s.
Abigail picked up on the second ring. “Did you just call me? My phone showed some bizarre alphanumeric code rather than your number.”
“It was me, but it just clicked on this end. Must have been a computer glitch.”
Abigail made a familiar sound and Ashley could picture her discontented expression, lips compressed, eyes narrowed. “Well, what’s going on? I haven’t heard from you in weeks.”
“I called you Tuesday, but I got your voice mail.” Her mother never returned calls, felt it was Ashley’s responsibility to call her.
“You know I never check those messages. You should have called back.”
There was only one productive response to this attitude, Ashley had learned down through the years. “You’re right, Mom. I’m sorry.”
“Did you need something in particular or did you just call to chat?”
Her mother’s moods had been exasperating while Ashley was growing up. Now Ashley was able to smile about their slightly irrational swings. “Did Dad have an archive for his research? A friend of mine is really interested in that sort of thing.”
“‘That sort of thing’? Do you mean immoral experiments or shoddy science?”
Rather than taking the bait, she remained focused on the goal. “If you know where I can find his old papers, I’d love to go through them with my friend.”
Abigail harrumphed, bringing another reluctant smile to Ashley’s face. “I’ve had them out on the curb three different times, but I was afraid the bastard would haunt me if I didn’t protect his precious research. That shit meant more to him than either of us. You realize that, don’t you?”
“Yes, Mom. Dad lived for his research. Do you still have it or not?”
“Two file boxes full of that crap are moldering in my back bedroom. Why are you looking for the old stuff? Wouldn’t his current work be more useful to your friend?”
Her mother had always been good at ferreting out lies, so Ashley told the truth. “I already have some of it, but I’d appreciate whatever you can give me.”
“Well, I have no use for any of it, so you’re welcome to the lot. I’ll gather it up and ship it on over. You should receive it in a week or so.”
“Hold off on the shipping. I might be able to swing by tomorrow and pick it up.” Ashley tried to sound casual.
“You’ll ‘swing by’?” Abigail laughed. “Last time I checked, sweetheart, you live in Manhattan. Even if you catch a flight, you better leave now.”
She glanced at Bandar, surprised that both men had remained silent through the entire conversation. “My friend and I snuck away to Las Vegas for a few days, so we’re—”
“Oh my God! Did you get married? I will kill you if you eloped before I even meet the man.”
“I never said my friend was male.”
“But he is?” Abigail sounded hopeful.
“No wedding chapels were involved and you’ll meet him tomorrow as long as we can find a rent-a-car. I’ll call again when I’ve worked out the details.”
“See you soon.” Sounding much more cheerful, Abigail ended the call.
Irron made a motion above the device and it appeared to power down. “How long will it take to reach her location? You’re stuck with ground transportation until tomorrow night.”
“Then there are vehicles available?”
Irron nodded. “There are several. Do you know how to drive?”
The question surprised her, though it probably shouldn’t have. People who spent most of their lives aboard spaceships had no reason to learn how to drive. Not to mention bio-streaming. If she had regular access to bio-streaming, she’d never bother with ground transportation again. “I know how to drive. I’m not real good with a clutch, but even then I’ll muddle through.”
“And how long will it take us to reach your mother?” Bandar digressed.
“She lives in Flagstaff, Arizona. You said we’re near Las Vegas, so she’s about four hours away.”
“Four hours there and four hours back,” Bandar reminded. “If we wait until the ship is back in range, we can retrieve the files in a matter of minutes.”
“That would minimize the risks,” Irron agreed.
“What risks? Akim and friends think they’ve found the Holy Grail. They have no reason to harass us now.” She looked at Bandar, suspecting he would have a harder time telling her no. “If I have to hang around this place until the ship is back in range, I’ll go stir-crazy. Humans don’t do well in captivity.”
Bandar’s scowl wasn’t quite believable. “You’re not my prisoner. You’re my guest.”
Irron chuckled, which only made Bandar’s expression more intimidating. “You could take half the guards with you. There is more than one vehicle.”
Loath to derail her own plan, she still had to ask, “Do any of the guards know how to drive?”
Irron made several motions over the surface of his computer then paused as if waiting for a response. “Pator and Tarn can both operate Earth vehicles.” He looked at Bandar as he added, “When would you like to leave?”
“First thing in the morning. Like it or not, Ashley needs rest. She’s still recovering from regeneration.”
“I’ll tell Pator and two others to be ready at first light.”
Ashley motioned toward Irron’s device. “You said I could use your phone.”
“She can use mine.” Bandar quickly ushered Irron out the door.
“Enjoy your evening,” Irron called as the door slid shut behind him.
Bandar leaned back against the door and folded his arms over his chest. “Now, where were we?”

Chapter Eight

“You were about to let me use your phone.”
The stubborn tilt of Ashley’s chin warned Bandar that he had his work cut out for him. “It’s still Friday and Friday is your day off. There will be plenty of time tomorrow to pacify your customers. Road trips are tedious.”
Her forehead scrunched up and she placed her hands on her hips. “Road trips are awesome and I don’t want to wait.”
“Neither do I.” Before she guessed his purpose, he rushed forward and scooped her up in his arms. She felt so damn good there. He didn’t want to put her down. “If this isn’t what you want, tell me now. But I’m through with excuses and delays. We are meant to be together. Unless you look into my eyes and tell me you don’t want me, our union starts right now.”
She looked into his eyes, then slowly licked her lips. “I shouldn’t, but I do.”
“You do what?”
“I want this. I want you.”
Joy rushed through his spirit, stealing his breath as it set him in motion. He crossed to the bed and lowered her to the neatly made spread. He wanted her naked and trembling with anticipation, but he wasn’t sure he could wait long enough to fully undress her. After quickly tugging off his boots, he joined her on the bed.
“This is so—”
Seeing the uncertainty gathering in her gaze, he silenced her with his mouth. If he let her, she’d rationalize her way out of needing him. And this wasn’t about logic or reason. It was elemental, a soul-deep hunger for the one person who could make him complete. She felt it too. He was certain she did.
Her lips softened and then parted. Her tongue greeted the bold thrust of his. He slipped one arm under her neck and went to work on the buttons of the lab coat. The garment was loose enough, he might be able to pull it off over her head, but that would require releasing her mouth.
She arched and moaned, burying her fingers in his hair. Her mouth was warm and moist, but he needed more than just intoxicating kisses. He couldn’t wait to feel her inner heat ripple around his cock as he gave her orgasm after orgasm.
Suddenly impatient, she sat up and pulled her arms out of the sleeves, baring her body to the waist. He pushed up, locking his elbow and cupping her breast with his free hand. “You are amazing. So lush and soft.”
She glanced back at him with a hesitant smile. “I’m glad you think so. I’ve always thought I’d look better with a lot less padding.”
“What?” He sat as well, pressing his chest to her back as he cupped both breasts. “You’re soft and round, very feminine. Why would you want to change?”
“The human standard of beauty is leaner, less…wiggly.”
“Whoever established that standard is deluded. Men are meant to be hard, women soft. It’s as simple as that.” She seemed relieved by his attitude, so he turned her toward him, bowing his head so he could tease her nipples with his mouth. The first bud tightened, the color immediately darkening. “So responsive.” He repeated the caress on the other side.
“Only with you.”
Possessive desire surged through his body, sending scalding blood straight to his groin. His cock twitched inside his pants, desperate to be inside her. In a flurry of motion, he guided her back to the bed and attacked the front of her jeans. He yanked the snug fabric to just below her knees, but lost patience with the barrier and pushed her legs toward her chest instead.
She gasped at his sudden aggression, but crossed her ankles and shifted her knees so her thighs parted. He held the back of her legs and lowered his face toward her flushed slit. Her scent hit him first, sultry and evocative. Then he traced her slowly from back to front, watching in wonder as her creamy folds parted for his fingers.
“Is this what you meant by tasting you?” He whispered the question against her slick flesh.
“Yes.” She shivered, moving her thighs even farther apart. “Please.”
“Please what?” He loved the husky purr in her voice and needed to hear her admit that she wanted all of the things he intended to do with and for her.
“Please, put your tongue…where your finger is.”
He grinned without lifting his head. “Here?” He traced her crease, passing over her opening without pushing his tongue inside. “Or here?” He lightly circled her clit.
“Both, but manly there.”
“Say it, angel. Say, Bandar, please lick my clit.”
After a moment’s hesitation, she whispered, “Bandar, please lick my clit now.”
He grinned at the urgency in the plea, but gave her what he wanted, what they both wanted. He rubbed and flicked the sensitive little bud until she was wild beneath him. He used two fingers from time to time, urging her even higher. He didn’t want to stop, wanted to drown in her taste and use his fingers and mouth to keep her cream flowing, but his aching cock wouldn’t be denied.
Carefully parting her folds with his thumbs, he closed his lips around her clit and sucked on the bundle of nerves. It only took a few seconds and she arched nearly off the bed, pulsing beneath his lips as pleasure claimed her.
“Oh! Oh God.” She shivered then shivered again, lost in release.
Their telepathic connection expanded, allowing emotions to pass along the link. He hadn’t consciously commanded his nanites to construct another layer to the bond, but they’d obviously anticipated his need. Her pleasure swirled through his mind as he prolonged her ripples with his mouth.
He wanted this to go on forever and yet he could wait no longer to be inside her. He frantically unfastened his pants. His cock sprang free, more than ready to facilitate their joining. He didn’t want to take her in a tangle of clothes, but he simply couldn’t wait.
Positioning himself at her entrance, he shifted her legs to one side so he could look into her eyes. “This isn’t just sex.” He wasn’t sure why he felt the need to clarify, but the words demanded he speak them. “It will never be just sex with us.” She didn’t argue, so he pushed inside her, filling her in one long, continuous stroke.
Her eyes widened then closed as her body stretched around him. He clenched his teeth, panting with the effort it took not to pound into her. Instead he pulled back just as slowly, caressing her inside and out. He moaned, unashamed of the pleasure he found in her snug heat. “You feel so good, too damn good.”
Having regained enough control to think again, he pushed deep then paused. He wanted her legs wrapped around his hips and her nipples rubbing his chest, which meant they were wearing too many clothes. He yanked her jeans the rest of the way off and tugged his shirt over his head, carelessly tossing the garments aside. Taking off his pants would require separation and there was no way he was pulling out now.
She lowered her legs to a more natural position as he began to move in earnest. “Next time will be slow and sweet, I promise.” That was all the warning she got before he unleashed his passion.
Balancing on his knees, he grasped her hips and filled her over and over. There was nothing in his past or even his fantasies that compared with the pleasure bombarding his body and mind. She felt perfect, as if she’d been intentionally sculpted to fit him like a glove. He pumped faster, lost in the wonder of loving his mate.
There was no denying that was what she was. Ashley was his mate, the female destined to complete him. He rocked forward, catching his weight on his forearms as he rubbed against her breasts. She’d witnessed some of the most devastating points in his history and she hadn’t turned away. Despite her understandable fear, she trusted him enough to want him in her life, and in her body.
She drew her legs up along his sides, taking him even deeper. Her gaze met his, hot and hungry, eager for him. And if the physical clues weren’t enough, her emotions blasted across their link, easily as demanding as his. Overwhelmed by the undeniable proof of her affection, he threw back his head with a savage cry. His desire had been smoldering ever since they left the Relentless. Truth be told, it had begun before that. He’d wanted her when he first saw her naked in the regenerator and the need had built and built, making it impossible to deny. Knowing she wanted him just as badly shattered his control.
He moved his hands lower, grasping her nicely rounded ass with both hands as his strokes grew faster, more urgent. She rose into each thrust, but her face was still too composed. He needed to fire her up or they wouldn’t come together. Slipping his hand between their bodies, he found her clit with his thumb and pared each forceful drive with a circular caress.
She gasped. Her inner muscles clenching around him. “Are you close?” She sounded dazed and breathless. “If you keep doing that, I’m not going to last much longer.”
“Don’t hold back,” he urged. “Come for me. Come with me.”
Her orgasm rippled along his length, driving him over the edge. He arched his back and drove his entire length deep inside her. His thumb kept her spasms going as he releases in rhythmic jets. Aftershocks were still making her inner muscles twinge when he lowered his head and kissed her.
The kiss was slow and tender, all the more intimate because their bodies were joined. Propping himself on his elbows and knees, he took his weight from her without separating their bodies. “Let’s take a shower and then we’ll do this right.”
She smiled against his lips. “Did we just do it wrong?”
He pushed back far enough so he could look into her eyes. “I wanted our first time to be perfect. This was over much too fast.”
With mischief sparkling in her eyes, she reared up and nipped his bottom lip. “It might have been fast and…energetic, but it was also perfect. However, if you’re determined to try again, we have all night.”

Ashley groaned as he rocked back onto his knees, separating their bodies in the process. He paused to remove his pants and she took full advantage of the opportunity to gawk at his incredible body. She hadn’t really seen him before he pushed inside her and he was every bit as impressive as he’d felt. She shivered, remembering the way she’d stretched to take him. With his muscles rippling beneath her fingers and his hard chest teasing her breasts, he’d filled her more completely than she’d ever dreamed possible.
“Do I pass inspection?” His sensual mouth curved with male pride as he noticed the direction of her stare.
“And then some.” Heat suffused her face and spread onto the upper curve of her breasts. His entire body fell into the “and then some” category.
He took her by the hand and led her into the bathroom, far more comfortable walking around naked than she was. The lights came on automatically and she glanced in the mirror hanging over the sink. He stood beside her, tall and strong, body sculpted by decades of activity and discipline. When compared to his physical perfection, she looked even more pale and portly than usual.
He moved behind her and placed his hands on her shoulders. “You are so beautiful. Why can’t you see it?” Their gazes connected in the mirror and held.
“You make me feel beautiful, but I still see myself through society’s eyes. I’m overweight and—”
“You are prefect.” He cupped both her breasts, his gaze suddenly fierce. “And you will always be perfect regardless of the changes time makes to your outward appearance. I find your body pleasing, very pleasing right now, but you are so much more than your body.”
Tears blurred her vision and she turned around, wrapping her arms tightly around his body. “Are you sure you’re not a figment of my imagination? No one can be this wonderful.”
He picked her up and wrapped her legs around his waist as his mouth claimed hers in a passionate kiss. His hands moved over her back, her hips and her butt, still managing to keep her pressed against him. Without breaking the kiss, he walked into the shower and turned on the water. The spray hit his back primarily, but enough of the cool water found her bare skin to make her gasp then laugh.
“That’s cold.”
“I noticed.” He tried to recapture her mouth, but she unwrapped her legs and wiggled until he set her on her feet. “Did you turn on the hot water as well?”
“It should default to an appropriate temperature.”
As if to prove his point, the spray warmed without her adjusting the controls. “Much better.” She looked around for a bar of soap or a bottle of shampoo, then noticed the built-in dispenser. There were three pump nozzles but the labels were in Rodyte. “Which one is which?”
“Soap, shampoo, this one is a combination deodorant and skin conditioner.” He pointed to the corresponding nozzles.
“I see.” She pumped some soap into her hand and rubbed it between her palms. “Where shall I start?” She looked him up and down with obvious anticipation.
“Anywhere you like.” He held his arms out to his sides a wicked grin parting his lips. “As long as I get my turn next.”
She took her time, starting with his shoulders and working her way down. “Are all Rodytes this tall?”
“I’m about average for a battle born male.”
“Why do you make the distinction? Are the battle born different than other Rodyte males?”
“We undergo gene therapies that make us larger and stronger. Most of us also have integrated technology of one sort or another.”
She ran her hands down one arm and then the other, fascinated by the contrast between his smooth skin and rock-hard muscles. “You’ve mentioned your nanites. Do you have other integrated technologies?”
“Of course. I have communication implants and munitions relays that allow me to control various external weapon systems. The nanites are new. They’re gradually replacing many larger, more intrusive implants.”
It was hard to concentrate on what he was saying while she washed his remarkable body. She caressed his chest and abdomen, then went back for more soap before moving on to his legs. She bypassed his groin, intending to return to the area after she’d fully explored the rest of him.
Her hands glided along his thighs and she bent from the waist so she could reach lower. Apparently her position was too much of a temptation to ignore because his hand stroked over her hip and squeezed one of her ass cheeks. She flipped her hair out of her face and smiled at him without changing position.
His fingers eased over the curve of her butt and lower, just skimming across her folds before she laughed and twisted away. “It’s still my turn.”
“You better hurry.” He reached for her breast and she moved behind him.
She massaged his shoulders with soap-slicked fingers and he rewarded her with a throaty moan. Making him wait was just as much fun as memorizing his anatomy. Every single inch of him was lean, ripped muscle. He had very little body hair and his skin had a rich golden cast that many humans spent cancer-inducing hours in a tanning bed to achieve.
He held perfectly still as she washed his tightly rounded behind. “You have a really nice ass,” she whispered as she squeezed one firm cheek. “Has anyone ever told you that?”
He laughed and shifted away from her eager fingers. “If anyone else in my acquaintance told me that, I would have punched them in the face.”
Her touch had aroused him and she hadn’t even washed that part of him yet. She licked her lips as she reached for his long, thick shaft. “You know my taste? Do I get to return the favor?”
“Not until I’ve washed you.”
She groaned at the thought then slid her fist up and down the length of his cock, eager for it to be deep inside her again.
His groan echoed hers then he pushed her hand away. “Enough.” His tone growled with impatience. “You no longer have permission to touch me.”
A shivery thrill passed along her spine and reawakened the ache between her thighs. “Do I need permission?”
His gaze locked with hers, his eyes slightly narrowed. “Rodyte males are naturally dominant. We can accept no other role. Is that a problem for you?”
“No.” She dragged her gaze away, suddenly feeling self-conscious.
He lightly caught her chin and drew her face back around. “I’m aware of the rules some humans utilize to enhance their pleasure. Would you feel more secure within such a structure?”
“No.” She took a deep breath and stopped fidgeting. “It’s always been the forbidden nature of BDSM that I find titillating and I think we’ve got that covered already.” It was a bit of an exaggeration. She was also turned on by the thought of a sexually aggressive man who knew exactly what she needed and wasn’t afraid to give it to her, but Bandar appeared to have that covered as well. “I’d rather keep things fluid.”
“As would I.” He spun her around and pulled her back against his chest. His hands were already soapy and he went right to work, matching her exploration caress for caress “I will never tire of touching you.” His erection pressed into her back a constant reminder of where this was leading. “I’m so tempted to bend you over and take you right here, but I promised you tender and slow.”
She splayed her fingers against the wall and rocked onto the balls of her feet. “I don’t mind waiting a little while longer.”
With a sudden growl, he lifted her off her feet and pressed his shaft lengthwise into the crack of her behind. “No.” His voice was so tight he likely had his teeth clenched. “I will not allow you to rush me again.”
“Again?” She laughed rolling her hips suggestively. “Did I rush you last time?”
“You made me wait so long I lost control. I will not do so again.”
One of his arms banded her hips, the other angled across her torso, his hand cupping her breast. He was so damn strong he probably could have held her there for hours if his need for her would let him. “Then let me rinse off so we can get started. I can’t wait any longer to taste you.”
He shuddered so violently his hold slipped and she slid down along his body. She grinned as her feet touched down, thrilled to know she had the power to make him tremble. They rotated, allowing the spray to rinse her completely before he turned off the water. He hadn’t washed her hair, but it didn’t matter. She suspected they’d be back before the night was through.
They dried each other with warm towels then returned to the outer room. She led him this time, their fingers entwined. There was something surreal about the entire situation and Ashley realized it was all too perfect. He said the right things and did the right things and looked as if he’d walked right out of one of her fantasies.
She urged him down onto the side of the bed as she murmured, “If this is a dream, I don’t ever want to wake up.”
He spread his legs and pulled her between them. “It’s not a dream, my love. I’m real.”
She only had to bend slightly to kiss him, but her superior position felt good for a change. His lips parted, yet he let her control the kiss, apparently sensing her need to lead. She pushed her tongue into his mouth as she buried her fingers in his hair. He returned her kiss with equal fervor and soon no one was leading, no one following, they were simply devouring each other.
His hands moved up and down her back, pausing from time to time to squeeze her butt. She pressed against his warm body and reveled in their kiss, so warm and intimate.
Suddenly, he tore his mouth away, his face flushed, eyes softly glowing. “If you want to taste me, do it now. I have to be inside you somewhere.”
Happy to oblige, she slipped to her knees and encircled his shaft with one hand, the other gently cupping his balls. He was hot and heavy, marble-hard yet incredibly soft. She explored with her fingers for a moment then guided him toward her mouth.
He leaned back on his hands, gaze narrowed as he watched every move she made. “Do it.” Then even softer, “Suck me hard.”
She grinned as she bent to obey. Whether he admitted it or not, he liked giving orders. She circled him with her tongue, savoring his scent and learning his taste. A bead of moisture formed on the very tip and she captured it with a slow lick. His taste spread across her tongue and she closed her eyes, savoring the flavor of his desire. She closed her lips around him and slowly sucked, drawing him into the wet heat of her mouth. Tenderness swelled and her pulse sped as she took more and more of him.
His fingers tangled in her hair, his thumbs framing her mouth as she bobbed her head up and down. He let her play, let her hands and her mouth wander at will without trying to control her. She licked him and sucked him and caressed him with her fist. Through it all he moaned and shivered, but let her have her way. Finally, he scooted to the edge of the mattress no longer able to control the rocking motion of his hips.
Like a trickle through a crumbling damn, she sensed his desire. The sensation was faint at first, hard to recognize because it was so similar to the ache deep inside her. Then their link expanded, allowing sensations and emotions to flow more easily. He was fighting back release with all his strength and still losing the battle. His frantic effort only made her more determined to watch him lose control.
“I don’t want to—”
She ignored his protest and took him deep, sucking firmly, until he snapped. He cried out, fingers inadvertently pulling her hair as he came down her throat. He shuddered and shuddered again, and she gloried in his utter abandon and the fact that she’d taken him there.
He untangled his fingers and stroked her face, waiting for her to release him. “That’s not how I wanted this to end.”
She licked her way to his tip before setting him free, only then did she meet his gaze. “Well, it’s what I wanted.”
He pulled her to her feet and kissed her deeply, obviously undeterred by his taste in her mouth. “I hope you enjoyed it,” he whispered against her lips, “because now it’s my turn.”
Before she realized his intention, he lay back across the bed and pulled her up along the length of his body. Soon she straddled his chest and then his neck and finally his face. She’d been in this position before, but usually facing the other direction so she could give as well as receive.
His mouth latched on to her sex, leaving her no doubt that he wanted her to pay attention to what he was doing. His lips moved against her folds as his tongue eased between. Left with nothing to do with her hands, she cupped her breasts and closed her eyes. She felt wild and reckless, and utterly sexual. She’d never felt this free, this desirable.
He teased her with skill and torturous patience, taking her right to the edge then backing off. She wasn’t sure it was intentional the first time, but then he did it again and again. “That’s cruel.” She rotated her hips, rubbing herself against his mouth.
With a wicked chuckle, he grabbed her hips and held her firmly in place. His tongue pushed into her core, leaving her clit throbbing and neglected.
“No more teasing. I need to come.”
He lifted her off his mouth. “I know what you need and I’ll give it to you—when I’m ready.”
“Yes, sir.” She’d meant it sarcastically, but the phrase sent heat spiraling through her body.
Before she could analyze the reaction, he pulled her back down and continued on as if there’d been no interruption. She relaxed into the ache, letting desire wash over her in waves. Their link was still buzzing, transmitting fractured thoughts and bursts of emotion both his and hers. Each time he drove her close to orgasm, the sensations swelled a little higher. He eased one of his hands between her legs and filled her with two long fingers. She tightened her inner muscles, trying to maximize the fullness. He licked all around his fingers, occasionally brushing over her clit. It felt good and yet it was frustrating, so near to but not exactly what she needed.
Then his fingers began to slide in and out of her snug passage. She arched her back, allowing him to reach deeper as his mouth finally settled over her clit. The sensations tightened, becoming a firm knot deep inside her. She moaned, hands helplessly squeezing her breasts.
She hovered on the brink, release just out of reach when he suddenly sat up, taking her with him. Her eyes flew open and she frantically reached for something solid as he positioned her body to his liking. Her knees caught on his shoulders and he managed to find her opening with the tip of his long, hard cock. He lowered her gradually, filling her inch by incredible inch as her legs slowly slid down his arms.
His gaze bore into hers as he did it again and again, lifting her and lowering her as if she weighted nothing. She couldn’t move, could only trust his control and accept what he gave her. Soon the realization, not to mention the thick slide of his length in and out of her core, had her panting and arching in an effort to take him as deeply as possible.
He lowered her completely and claimed her mouth in a reality-blurring kiss. His thumb circled her clit and his voice whispered in her mind. You are mine and only mine.
Rather than upset her, his possessive tone snapped what little remained of her control. Her sharp cry was muffled by his mouth as pleasure exploded throughout her body. She tightened around him in hard, rippling spasms, which soon had him moving again.
He braced his feet far apart and combined the up and down motion of his arms with sharp thrusts from his hips. She clutched his shoulders and responded with her mouth, her body totally surrendered. He filled her and filled her, each lunge a renewal of his telepathic claim.
Another orgasm built with staggering speed and she tore her mouth away from his. She dropped her head back, hair swishing against her butt as she fought back a scream. His fingers dug into her hips and he thrust his entire length into her. A harsh cry tore from his throat and then he came in powerful spurts. The warm gush of his seed sent her over the edge again, obliterating reality. For one staggering moment, nothing existed but pleasure and Bandar’s strong embrace.
Their surroundings returned by degrees. She was basically folded in half as he clutched her to his chest. Her calves were off to each side, but her thighs pressed against her chest and belly. Gradually his arms relaxed and he lowered her to his lap. She folded her knees beneath her and wrapped her arms around his neck.
“Are you all right?” He still sounded breathless. “I have a hard time staying gentle when I’m inside you.”
She looked into his eyes and smiled. “Well, I don’t seem to want gentle when you’re inside me, so it’s probably a good thing.”
He growled and nipped her jaw, his hands stroking her back. “If I’m ever too rough, you’ll tell? You’re such a little thing.”
She laughed. “Maybe compared to you, but compared to the rest of human females—”
“No one else matters,” he stressed. “You are the only female I care about and I don’t ever want to hurt you.”
She ran her fingers along his jawline then pushed her hand into his hair. “I don’t think you could hurt me.” She paused for a naughty smile. “Unless I asked you to.”
Wrapping both arms snugly around her, he lay back down. Then he pivoted and swung his legs up onto the bed. He gave her a moment to extend her legs then rolled them to their sides and drew her top leg high on his hip. Through it all, he managed to maintain their joining.
“Does pain arouse you?” He waited until they were settled to return to the subject she’d introduced.
“It was a joke.”
His hand swept up and down her thigh, his long fingers easily reaching her butt at the end of each stroke. “I’m not sure it was. Is it something you’ve been curious about?”
“I’m curious about all sorts of things, but my pain tolerance is too low for pain to ever be pleasurable. I stub my toe and I about blackout.”
“What about a nice firm spanking?”
The gleam in his eyes made her laugh. “I don’t think that’s my fantasy. I think it’s yours.”
He reached low and squeezed her rear end. “With an ass like this waiting for me, how could I resist?”
“Well, you’ll have to wait until I give you a reason and I’m almost always a very good girl.”
“Too bad.” He kissed her with poignant affection, his touch incredibly tender.
She was almost afraid to ask the next question, but she had to understand. “I could feel you so clearly in my mind while we made love. Does this mean we’re bonded?”
He shook his head, gaze suddenly unreadable. “A soul bond is meant to be permanent. It’s painful, even damaging to break such a link.”
“Then what was I feeling?”
“The comlink my nanites created has been expanded, allowing us to share emotions. If this isn’t something you want, I can command them to dismantle the new layers.”
“No. I like it. I was just wondering what it meant.”
“It means I’m ready to share more of myself with you, but I don’t want to pressure you for more than you’re ready to give.” He paused for a soft, tender kiss. “I know this is all happening incredibly fast.”
She grinned, but her eyelids were starting to droop. “Apparently, fast is what we do best.”
His fingers splayed over her hips, dragging her pelvis flush with his. “Can we sleep like this? I’m not sure I can make myself pull out.”
She snuggled closer, finding a comfortable angle for her leg. “I say we try. I’m not ready to be without you.”
“And I hope that day never comes,” he whispered into her hair.
With her head pillowed on his arm and the side of her face pressed against his chest, Ashley closed her eyes and allowed herself to completely relax for the first time in years. She was safe within his embrace, cherished as she’d never been before, and she was in no hurry for reality to return.
* * * * *
Akim opened the door to Chandar’s cabin with a voice command. Erkott tried to push past him, but Akim held his ground. “Do you have information for me or does my brother get to spend the night?”
“I had a vision, but I’m not sure what it means.” Chandar stood on the other side of the room with her back pressed into a corner. It was unlikely she realized how much her position revealed. Her features might be serene, but his little harbinger was terrified. It wasn’t surprising. The last time he’d let Erkott amuse himself with Chandar, she’d required regeneration. That was why the threat was so effective now.
“Tell me what you saw. Perhaps it will mean something to me.”
“I saw the blonde woman again, the one you call Ashley. She was operating some sort of vehicle. It was like a small ship, but it skimmed along the ground, following a long black pathway.”
He nodded. Nothing useful yet, but at least she was trying. “Go on.”
“Bandar was with her.” Panic flashed through her gaze as she looked beyond him and then back.
He glanced over his shoulder and found Erkott sucking his finger in a vulgar parody of oral sex. “Enough,” he snapped and shoved Erkott out of her line of vision. “What else did you see?” He shifted so his body blocked the entire doorway.
“I saw a sign with lettering on it. I drew it for you.” She motioned toward the wall, where she’d recreated the image in great detail. Two stone pillars supported a stripped log frame. Inside the frame hung the actual sign, which read 1882, Flagstaff, Arizona.
Not willing to praise her yet, he asked, “How did you mark up the wall?”
She swallowed hard, her silver phitons shimmering in the defused light. “You won’t allow me a datapad or even a paper and pen, so I improvised.” With a defiant flourish, she motioned toward a pile of burnt sticks. The sticks were uneven and splintered as if they’d been peeled off a larger piece of wood.
Where in hells rings had she gotten the wood and how had she ignited it? He quickly looked around the cabin, but there was nothing remotely flammable. His eyes suddenly widened as realization struck. There was only one place on board that she could have gotten the wood, his antique treasure chest, a prize with both literal and sentimental value.
“Erkott, go look at my chest.”
“Your what?”
“At the foot of my bunk, you idiot. See if she harmed my chest.” He activated the door to his cabin without turning around, allowing Erkott to do his bidding. “You shouldn’t provoke me. Haven’t we been together long enough for you to understand the futility of such acts?”
She just stared at him with obvious hatred.
“How did you ignite the sticks?” And how had she gotten into his cabin. The door was tuned to his voice print.
Again, she offered no reply.
Erkott returned a short time later. “She carved it up pretty good, but the damage is all on the back. No one will notice unless you pull it away from the bunk.”
Crafty little bitch always knew how far to push. He’d still punish her, of course, but she’d spared herself the worst of it by not defacing his prized possession. Besides, he couldn’t afford to have her incapacitated right now. Her vision was his only lead and she likely knew it. “Do you know what time they’ll arrive or their purpose for going to this destination? Were there any other clues?”
“Not yet. I can delve deeper, garner more details, but it will take time.” She squared her shoulders and took a deep breath. “I work better without threats hanging over my head. Have I not proven that I’ll cooperate?”
He laughed and allowed Erkott to move back into view. “I’ve found just the opposite to be true. Without continual motivation, you become belligerent. You’ve earned an additional two hours to acquire more details. Use them wisely.”

Chapter Nine

“Are you ready to pull your hair out yet?”
Ashley’s vague question drew Bandar back to the present. He’d been lost in sensual memories of the night before. They’d gotten very little sleep as they indulged their passions again and again. No sooner would one relax enough to sleep then desire would spark in the other. They’d tumbled out of bed shortly after dawn and prepared for their road trip physically fatigued yet emotionally satisfied.
“I’m planning all the things we’re going to do as soon as this ‘awesome’ road trip is over.” He softened the complaint with a playful smile.
Her only response was a guilty blush.
Knowing they’d be interacting with humans, Bandar reluctantly covered his eyes with a fresh pair of contacts and they both dressed casually in non-military garb. There were four vehicles to choose from, a car, two trucks and a panel van. Ashley chose the gray sedan and now they were traveling east on Interstate 40. The three guards followed in the van, Pator at the controls. Ashley had been driving for over two hours and they had another two to go. How did humans tolerate this tedious process?
The first hour had passed quickly thanks to Ashley’s lively conversation with her customers. He activated each call then rested the datapad on his knee as she spoke with the person or persons on the other end of the connection. She was professional yet friendly, quickly putting everyone at ease. He still wasn’t sure he understood her occupation, but her customers certainly sounded enthusiastic. She’d rescheduled all of her appointments for the next three days and warned several others that she might not be available later in the week. She’d also spoken with her mother and confirmed that they were on their way.
Ashley’s last call had been to Raina Solano, her best friend. As they chatted away, Bandar casually ran an information search on Raina. When the young woman’s three-dimensional image arose from the datapad, Ashley forgot what she’d been saying.
“Raina, Mrs. Turner is on the other line and she gets hysterical if I don’t pick up for her. Can I call you back?”
“Sure, but make it tonight. My schedule is crazy all day.”
“Sounds good. I’ll talk to you then.” Ashley waited until Bandar terminated the connection before laying into him. “What the hell is this?” She motioned toward the holo-image and the information scrolling across the surface of the datapad. “Raina has nothing to do with any of this. Leave her out of it.”
“She’s very pretty,” he teased and it was no exaggeration. With a hint of red in her shoulder-length hair and wide amber eyes, Raina was lovely. Simple curiosity had inspired his search. He wanted to know more about the people in Ashley’s life. But Ashley’s vehemence fueled his interest rather than backing him off. “How does one have ‘fellowship’ with a university?”
Despite her obvious annoyance, Ashley smiled. “A fellowship is a research project or area of study sponsored by a university. In this case Georgetown allows Raina to use their facilities, but she’s required to find her own funding. Fellows are generally former students.”
“She’s researching innovations in agriculture?”
Ashley nodded. “She’s developing a hybrid grain that matures much faster than wheat or rice and provides twice the nutrition. Available farmland is shrinking as populations all over the world expand. It’s becoming harder and harder to feed everyone.”
It wasn’t surprising. Every developing world eventually faced these sorts of challenges. “Raina has quite a list of interests, biotechnology, microbe fertilization, genetically modified crops, alternate and high capacity agriculture, and hydroponics. Is she actively researching all of these subjects?”
“Of course not. Her research has evolved over the years. She’s focused on the super grain and hydroponics right now. In fact, if she doesn’t find grant money or corporate sponsors for the super grain, she might be down to just hydroponics.”
“She sounds very ambitious.”
“To put it mildly.” Her smile hinted at the deep affection she felt for Raina.
He deactivated the datapad and looked out the window. He wanted to know more about Raina, but his interest was making Ashley uncomfortable. They both had enough to deal with right now. He’d ask her about her friend once some of these stresses had been resolved.
Music filled the next hour along with his imagination. Gods knew there wasn’t much to look at, except for Ashley. Scrub-covered fields swept toward the blue horizon, the monotony broken only by an occasional butte or grouping of livestock. There were mountains in the distance but they marched along parallel to the road, never drawing nearer.
After a long pause, Ashley asked, “What happens if Dr. Irron makes it work?”
“If Irron makes what work?” he asked, giving himself a mental shake. She had to mean the genetic transfer. Nothing else made sense.
“You said the ultimate goal is to restore magic to the battle born. Correct?”
He shifted in his seat so he could look at her without turning his head so far to the side. “That’s the best possible outcome, but there are several other approaches we consider acceptable.”
“Well, let’s stick with the best-case scenario for now. Dr. Irron expounds upon my father’s work and develops a way to unlock the latent magic inside each battle born male.”
“I try not to jump that far ahead.”
She conveyed her impatience with a scrunched-up expression. “Indulge me. What happens to human females when all those battle born soldiers learn that the answer to their problems is waiting for them on Earth?”
He’d played this game with Garin several times already and the outcome was always the same. “We don’t have enough information to create probable outcomes. That’s why I’m here.”
“How many battle born males are there?” Tenacious as ever, it was obvious she had no intention of letting the subject drop.
“There are over a million,” he admitted, “but half are still too young to mate.”
She didn’t seem surprised by the number. “Five hundred thousand warriors could soon be coming to Earth ready to hunt down compatible females? And you honestly expect human males to just hand over their women without a fight?”
“If Irron can make it work and if mating is still necessary for the transformation. There are also the descendants to think about. Multiple Rodyte ancestors might be necessary to trigger the mutation, which slows things down considerably. There are simply too many variables to allow for accurate predictions.”
“You’re avoiding the issue.” Tension crept into her tone and her fingers tightened around the navigational ring. “Regardless of the specifics of the transformation, if females are required to—”
“We don’t even know that much,” he stressed. “Irron could devise a protocol that has nothing to do with the mating bond.” It was highly unlikely. The scientists on Rodymia had been using the mutation triggered by the mating bond as a delivery mechanism for the past forty years for a very good reason. It was easier to make alterations to the genome when the DNA was already changing. Knowing the fact would only worry her, so he kept it to himself. “We don’t know what will be involved and until we do, all of these what ifs are a waste of time.”
She sighed and slid her sunglasses farther up on her nose. “I suppose you’re right. I just can’t help feeling like I’m paving the way for an alien invasion.”
He smiled, hoping to lighten her mood, but her gaze remained on the road. “It’s doubtful that a mass invasion will result from any of this. But even if it did, when you consider the population of Earth, five hundred thousand is a drop in the bucket.”
“Sounds more like a flash flood to me.”
They lapsed into silence for nearly an hour. Ashley turned the music back on, but he could see the tension in her features. He wasn’t sure what to say to soothe her. She was worried about her people and he couldn’t blame her. Ensuring the wellbeing of his people was his primary motivation, so how could he fault her for a similar concern?
Wide-open spaces gave way to gently rolling hills and trees replaced the prickly looking bushes that had dotted the roadside for the past hundred miles. The more he saw of Earth, the more it reminded him of Rodymia. The cities were relatively primitive, of course, but many of the landscapes were similar to his homeworld, harsh and unforgiving.
“It’s not far now,” she said with a tentative smile.
“I’m no stranger to dealing with inactivity, but at least on a spaceship I can get up and move around. This vehicle is torture.”
They arrived twenty minutes later. She pulled onto a sloped concrete slab that led to a moderate-sized dwelling. The structure was isolated from other similar dwellings by a small stretch of land. The boundaries of each plot were designated by wooden barriers that clearly served no strategic purpose. There were three vehicle bays, but he could only see one automobile through the small, narrow widows inset in the roll-up doors. “Does your mother live alone?” This was a large dwelling for only one person.
“Most of the time. She’s between relationships at the moment.”
He directed the guards to park across the street and to remain in the van. Pator sounded annoyed by the order, but he obeyed.
They walked to the front entrance and Ashley knocked on the door. The barrier wasn’t locked, so she pushed it inward and called out, “Hello. We’re here, Mom. Is it okay if we come in?” She looked at him, concern shadowing her gaze. “She must be out back.”
Trepidation dropped like a stone into the pit of his stomach. He caught her arm half a second before she crossed the threshold. “Let me check it out.”
“I’m sure she’s just in the backyard.”
“I insist.”
Thankfully, she didn’t argue. She moved aside and motioned him onward.
Pator, check the perimeter but try not to make a scene. He glanced across the street and saw the guards pile out of the van before he pulled a compact pulse pistol from inside his boot. “Stay here.”
“You’re being paranoid.”
“I mean it.”
“Fine.” She crossed her arms over her chest and leaned against the brick wall.
The house was eerily quiet, but nothing was disturbed, nothing out of place. He crept through the front room and headed toward the back of the house, scanning ahead as he neared each corner and doorway.
The backyard is clear. No sign of a struggle. Do you want us inside? Pator asked.
Bandar still had to clear the bedrooms and he’d been given backup for a reason. Yes. Come in. He unlocked the large glass door and Pator slid it open.
“What’s the situation?” Pator whispered as he moved into the eating area. The other two guards were close behind.
“I’m not sure yet. Hanton and Tarn, see if there’s a sublevel or a crawl space. Pator, you’re with me.”
The bedrooms were situated off a narrow hallway. Bandar approached the first door. It was half open and there didn’t appear to be any activity inside the room. He paused to scan then cautiously stood to one side as he inched the door inward so he could see the entire room. It appeared to be empty, but they checked in the closet and under the bed before they declared the area clear.
Bandar? Ashley’s signal was faint, yet he easily recognized the rhythm of her energy.
We’re almost finished. Give use two more minutes.
She’s not there?
Rather than confirm her fear, he quickly cleared the last two rooms.
“There’s no one here,” Pator concluded.
Bandar nodded. “Go see what the others found.” He returned to the front room and motioned Ashley into the house. “It’s empty, no sign of a struggle.”
“But her car’s still in the garage.” Her face was pale, lips thinned. She was trying not to panic.
“Is there somewhere she might have walked? A neighbor or nearby park?”
She shook her head, eyes wide with concern. “She knew we were on our way.” Her eyes slowly filled with unshed tears. “This is bad. I can feel it.”
He didn’t want to compound her fear, but he was thinking the same thing. He’d rerouted her cell phone signals to his datapad. If Abigail had tried to call, they would have known about it.
“You don’t think Akim could have…”
He pulled her into his arms and pressed her face against his chest. That was his fear. However, he wasn’t willing to add to her distress until he knew for certain. “He had no way of knowing we were coming here and no reason to target your mother.”
“Wait. What about the files?” She pushed out of his arms and headed down the central hallway.
She found nothing in the first bedroom, but two file boxes had been stacked in the back of the closet in the second bedroom. Ashley opened the lid on the top box and found twelve document binders. She pulled one of the binders from the box and flipped it open.
“These are Dad’s notes.” She sounded relieved. “Maybe the two aren’t related.”
Bandar didn’t believe in coincidence.
“Commander Nox!” The shout was both verbal and telepathic.
Recognizing the urgency in Pator’s cry, Bandar ran back to the kitchen. The three guards were huddled around—was that a body? “Report!”
Pator snapped to attention and explained, “There’s a workshop in the garage. That’s where they found him. The area is a shambles. We believe that’s where the abduction took place.”
The person they’d found was naked, curled up on his side as if to protect himself from the violent abuse. His entire body was a mass of bruises and lacerations. Blood flowed sluggishly from several of the cuts, which meant the man was still alive. Going down to one knee beside the victim, Bandar tried to see his face without moving his head. “Shit.”
“Is that Letos?”
He glanced over his shoulder and found Ashley staring back at him, hand pressed against her throat. She’d obviously heard every word.
He nodded then reached out with his mind, sending an urgent distress call. It was unlikely the Crusader was back in range, but he had to try. When no one responded to the signal, he sorted through his telepathic strands and found his connection to Nazerel.
I have a medical emergency. Are you able to help?
Rather than reply to the question, Nazerel simply flashed to their location. “What’s wrong?”
“This man helped us escape and obviously paid for it. We need to help him.”
“I’m not a strong healer, but let me see if I can get him stabilized. Then I’ll summon someone who can finish the job.” He knelt beside Letos and carefully rolled him to his back. Letos moaned, but didn’t awaken. Placing one hand lightly on his forehead and the other on the center of his chest, Nazerel went to work.
Bandar dragged his gaze away from Letos and pushed back to his feet. Ashley stood back from the scene, arms crossed over her chest. “They have her,” she whispered. “They took my mom.”
He pulled her into his arms, infuriated by his own helplessness. He had to remain calm and think this through. The files were still here, so Akim must have had a different motivation for taking Abigail. If this was simple payback for Letos’s betrayal, there was no reason for the kidnapping. But why would they have taken the woman while leaving the file boxes untouched? Wasn’t information the ultimate goal? Bandar shook his head. No matter how he tried, he couldn’t make sense of the scene.
Ashley pushed away and tilted her head back so she could look into his eyes. “How did they know where to find her? What are they hoping to gain?”
“I don’t know.” She knew him well enough to spot a lie so he didn’t bother trying. “Letos is our best hope for answers.”
Nazerel emerged from his trance with a gasp. “I need help if I’m going to save him and this can’t wait any longer. We’ll be at the Bunker.”
Bandar nodded as Nazerel grasped Letos with both hands and flashed from the scene.
“How well did you search the workshop?” Ashley twisted out of his arms and looked at Pator. “Was there some sort of message? A ransom demand?”
“There was nothing, ma’am.”
“I need to see it for myself.”
Pator blocked her path. “We’ll search again. You don’t need to see it.”
“Why?”
“There’s a lot of blood. I think it’s his.” He motioned toward the spot where Letos had been. The hardwood floor was smeared with blood. “But you don’t need to fuel your imagination.”
“He’s right.” Bandar pulled her back against him. “There’s no reason to entertain dark thoughts. They have no reason to harm her.”
“They had no reason to take her either, so where the hell is she?” Her voice grew shrill before she checked herself. “I need a minute alone.” And she ran down the hall.

Hard racking sobs shook Ashley’s shoulders. This was too much. It was all too damn much. This was supposed to be a way to kill time, a routine errand to fetch some dusty old files. She’d been looking forward to introducing her mother to Bandar. Instead, she’d brought killers to her mother’s door.
She heard the bedroom door open and close, then Bandar was there, his strong arms wrapping around her. “We’ll find the Relentless and get her back. Nothing is going to happen to your mother.”
She turned around, tears streaming down her face. “You don’t know that.”
“I know I’ll do everything in my power to make it true. We all will.”
Now that she believed. “If Nazerel can’t save Letos, we won’t even—”
He stopped her words with his fingertips. “Don’t think like that. It doesn’t do anyone any good. We’ll find her because we won’t stop looking until we do.”
“I’ve never been this frightened or this angry. How can I be both?”
He kissed her forehead, then curled his hand around the back of her neck, gently rubbing. “Both reactions are perfectly natural. We’ll get through this. I promise.”
She wiped her tears on the back of her hand, trying not to feel foolish. Her relationship with her mother had always been strained. It was hard to be affectionate toward someone who thought you were crazy and treated you accordingly. But Ashley had made a conscious effort to improve their relationship over the last several years. Had it been enough? Did her mother know how much she loved her?
A fresh rush of tears blinded her, but she stubbornly blinked them back. Bandar was right. She had to stop being so emotional. It didn’t do anyone any good. “How did they know where to find her? This house isn’t in her name.”
“Is it in your father’s?”
She shook her head. “They started living separately when I was about fourteen, but they never bothered with an official divorce until three years ago.”
“What happened three years ago?”
“Mother thought she’d fallen in love and wanted to get married again, so she filed for a divorce. Dad didn’t take it well.”
Bandar’s dark bows drew together in a faint scowl. Was he struggling with the concept of divorce or the specifics of this particular situation? Rodytes had very different ideas about long-term relationships. “If he allowed her to live apart from him, why would he care about a document? Their life bond was obviously broken.”
His question proved her point. Choosing a life partner was instinctive for Rodytes. They either felt the pull of their mate or they didn’t and once they felt that pull, they never let go. Warmth cascaded through her and eased a bit more of her fear. Their bonding had barely begun, but it already felt completely different than anything she’d experienced before.
But this wasn’t about Bandar and her. She had to focus on her mother. “It wasn’t like Dad wanted her back. He just didn’t want anyone else to have her. Dad decided to literally make her pay for her freedom. Mother, in turn, hid all her assets with the help of a shady lawyer. She eventually broke off the engagement and paid her ex-fiancé for this house. However, he agreed to leave the title in his name until the divorce was finalized. The lawyers were still fighting over the details when Father died.”
“Letos is a technomage,” Bandar reminded. “Akim likely beat it out of him.”
She wasn’t convinced. “Letos can manipulate technology in some very impressive ways, but he isn’t truly psychic. Mom has tried to live off the grid for the past three years. She was so determined to thwart Dad that she even left her phone in the ex-boyfriend’s name and kept his greeting on her voice mail and answering machine. Anyone that doesn’t know her thinks they have the wrong number. Could they have traced the signal from your device? There’s nothing left in my mother’s name, nothing a technomage could follow. There’s something here we’re not seeing.” Bandar didn’t argue, nor did he agree. He stared past her in silence, apparently considering other possibilities. “They couldn’t have followed us. They’d been here and gone by the time we arrived.” She shook her head again, frustrated by the unanswered questions. “It doesn’t make sense.”
“I agree.” He seemed to shake away his musings and refocus on the present. “There’s not much we can do about it until Letos can tell his tale.”
She had no real choice but to agree. “So what do we do until then?”
“We need to get the files to Irron, but I suspect Morgan is going to want everyone back at the Bunker after this.”
Pator had located cleaning supplies and was scrubbing the kitchen floor when Bandar and Ashley returned. “The others are in the workshop,” he told them. No other explanation was necessary.
“Shouldn’t we call the police?” Ashley cringed as she heard her own question. Of course they couldn’t contact the police. Aliens had kidnapped her mother. Abigail was probably on a spaceship orbiting Earth. At least Ashley hoped the Relentless was still orbiting Earth. If Akim had left the star system, they were really screwed.
“We’re better equipped to deal with this ourselves.” Bandar’s gentle reminder echoed her thoughts. “Let’s get the files loaded into the car.” He was just trying to keep her busy, but she appreciated the effort. He picked up the heavier of the two boxes. “I can come back for that.”
“I’m not that feeble.” She lifted the box and smiled. “You haven’t seen me at my best. I’m not usually this useless.”
“Your life has been anything but usual since I arrived.” He waited until they’d left the house before he added, “Besides, I’ve found all sorts of uses for you.” His sexy smile clarified his meaning.
She’d always thought of herself as an ambitious, independent woman. She owned her own business and consistently earned enough to enjoy a comfortable lifestyle. Yet all of her skills were useless in Bandar’s world.
Emotion burned her throat, but she refused to give in to the impulse. She breathed through the unwanted swell then forced her body to relax. She would remain calm and alert. She would react with her mind, not her emotions. She’d always been good at prioritizing situations, organizing complex events into manageable tasks. If she took emotion out of the equation, the current crisis was simply a multi-location event. She needed to identify various roles and assign them to people with the right skill set to accomplish each task.
Soothed by the logic, she began to sort through the various elements of the crisis. Her mother needed to be found. No, learning Akim’s motivation for taking her would likely allow them to find out where she’d been stashed. Dr. Irron needed the files. And while she was being brutally honest, she had to add herself to the list. Ashley had to be protected. They still didn’t understand what her Dad had done to her, but it stood to reason that Akim was just as interested in the genetic anomaly as was Irron. Baiting a trap for her was the most obvious reason for Akim to kidnap her mother. So how should they respond?
Bandar was willing to protect her. And she had no doubt about his abilities. Still, she didn’t want to be completely dependent upon anyone. She wanted to be an asset rather than a liability.
“You need to teach me how to fight.”
He loaded the boxes into the trunk of the car before responding. “No. I need to remove you from danger. You’re not a warrior and nothing I could do in the next few days would turn you into one.”
She’d known the answer before he spoke, but her pride required her to make the suggestion. “I can’t stand feeling this useless. There has to be something I can do.” She leaned back against the fender, arms crossed over her chest.
“You’re smart and ambitious and you know more about Earth than any of us. I’m sure there are lots of things you can do to help, but rushing into battle isn’t one of them.”
Her eyes were even with his throat and his chest took up her entire field of vision. It was hard to argue with the obvious. Even if Bandar taught her how to fight, she would never be a physical match for a Rodyte. “Fine. So I’ll stay out of it. What are you going to do to get my mother back?”
“Hopefully, I’m going to talk to Letos and find out why Akim took her in the first place. Then I’ll figure out a way to locate the Relentless. Further plans will depend on what I find out, so I’ll have to let you know.”
“Fair enough.”
He gazed past her for a moment, expression blank. This was the Rodyte version of an incoming call. “Morgan is sending a helicopter for us, so we need to get moving.”
“Why do we need to get moving if she’s sending a helicopter?”
“Landing in the middle of the street is a bit conspicuous. Besides, we can save time if we drive toward them.”
She nodded. “What about the car and the files?”
“We’re supposed to bring the files with us and Tarn will drive the car.”
It sounded like they’d thought of everything, so Ashley tried to relax. Kidnappings and murder were enough to unravel her composure, but these people dealt with this sort of thing on a regular basis.
She made sure the doors to the house were locked before they took off. Her mother kept a spare key in a magnetic box on the drain pipe, so she’d be able to get in after she’d been rescued. And she would be rescued. Ashley refused to consider any other outcome.
They drove for almost an hour before Bandar told Ashley to pull over. Then they retrieved the file boxes from the trunk as Tarn slipped in behind the steering wheel of the car.
She heard the helicopter before she saw it. The rhythmic whooshing grew gradually louder and then the helicopter appeared in the distance. She’d been on numerous airplanes, but never a helicopter. With hypnotic grace, the helicopter descended, its massive propellers stirring up dirt and debris. A uniformed soldier slid the large side door open then motioned them toward the opening.
Awkwardly hunched over the file box, Ashley hurried along after Bandar. Bandar handed his box to the soldier then reached back for hers. The soldier secured the boxes as Bandar lifted her into the helicopter. There were several rows of seats facing in different directions, so she moved to the nearest one and sat down. Bandar chose one facing hers as the soldier closed and secured the sliding door. She fumbled with the multi-strap safety harness so Bandar quickly helped her secure the restraint before returning to his seat and buckling up himself. The soldier signaled the pilot and the helicopter lifted off. There was a copilot as well, but Ashley couldn’t really see what he was doing.
Ashley stared out the window in stunned disbelief as the scenery rushed past. Three days ago her most stressful decision was which outfit to wear. How had her life become so complicated?
Are you all right?
She looked at Bandar, warmed by the concern in his gaze. I’m fine, just a little overwhelmed.
That’s understandable.
Rather than try to explain in more detail, she looked out the window. She was pretty sure they were heading west or northwest. She’d been so many places in the past two days, it was starting to blur.
Two days? Had it really only been two days since she met Bandar? She’d come home to find Letos in her apartment Thursday night and this was Saturday, so technically this was day three. She shook her head with a distracted smile. It felt as if her life had been in crisis for months not days.
Bandar was the only bright spot in all the turmoil. He’d been incredibly patient and supportive. Their whirlwind romance was in keeping with the other nonstop events, but he was the one aspect of the tumult she didn’t regret. She imagined telling Raina about Bandar. Her pragmatic friend would insist that Ashley have her blood tested for mind-altering substances. It was a little hard to believe that she’d fallen in love so quickly.
The thought brought her up short. Was she in love with Bandar? She looked at him and had her answer. He was staring out the window, his profile tense, yet captivating. Even without his mesmerizing gaze, she found him magnetic. Unless his personality and all the memories he’d shared had been some elaborate setup, she could easily picture herself at his side for the rest of her life.
He turned his head and smiled at her. What are you thinking about now? Your emotions just surged into my mind.
I’ll never tell. She punctuated the claim with a secretive smile and looked back out the window.
* * * * *
Morgan was waiting for them when they arrived at the Bunker. The helicopter put down in a large parking lot and the soldier opened the door for them.
“I’ll bring in the boxes,” he shouted and Bandar nodded.
Bandar hopped to the ground and helped Ashley down. They ran across the parking lot toward Morgan. She led them into the large maintenance bay, the only part of the complex that was above ground. “Letos is alive, but unconscious. Odintar is working on him.”
“Who is Odintar?” Bandar asked.
“He was part of the Mystic Militia. He lives on Bilarri now but—”
“What’s he doing on Bilarri if he’s part of the Mystic Militia?” Bandar cut in. “Weren’t they Ontarian?”
“His mate is half Bilarrian, a fact she didn’t know until she was swept up in the Shadow Assassin mess.”
They were doing it again, tossing around unfamiliar terms without explaining them to her. “Isn’t Nazerel a Shadow Assassin?”
“He was,” Morgan stressed. “The organization no longer exists.”
“And who are the Mystic Militia?”
“They were a task force formed to apprehend the Shadow Assassins. They completed their objectives and the task force was disbanded,” Bandar told her. “Now Nazerel works with Morgan as an unofficial ambassador representing the three planets in our star system.”
“Ontariese, Bilarri and Rodymia?” she listed with a proud smile.
“Very good.” Even Morgan seemed impressed.
And obviously Odintar was a healer if he was working on Letos. “Sorry to interrupt.”
“Sorry to confuse you.” Morgan offered a rare smile. “We coordinate with so many different groups that it’s easy to forget who knows what.”
“Is Irron on his way?” Bandar asked. “I’m sure he’s anxious to get his hands on the new information.”
“He’s already here. I only have one helicopter, so I sent a Mystic after the doctor.”
That sounded so strange. Was it more impressive that she had a helicopter at her disposal or that she had Mystics on her staff? “And how many Mystics do you have?”
Morgan chuckled. “It depends on the day. Mystics are notoriously transitory. They go wherever the spirits lead them.” They reached the elevators and Morgan motioned them inside while remaining in the corridor. “Take a break while you can. I’ll let you know the minute Letos stirs.”
Bandar agreed and they descended to sublevel three. Ashley tried to pay attention to where they were going, but the corridors all looked the same. “How do you keep it all straight?”
“I’ve been here almost a month. Garin sent me back so I could help Nazerel and Morgan investigate—”
“Wait. Back from where?”
Bandar reached down and took her hand, entwining their fingers. “Morgan was part of the task force responsible for hunting down the Shadow Assassins. That’s how they met.”
“Wow, and they’re a couple now. That must have been one hell of a chase.”
“It led her all the way to Rodyte space. And no one could be more surprised than Nazerel, or Morgan, for that matter. Their connection was unexpected and intense.”
She laughed. “Is that a Rodyte thing? The ability to overwhelm defenseless humans?”
He wiggled his eyebrows at her. “What do you think?”
Rather than picturing all the ways she’d like to be overwhelmed by Bandar, she restated the original question. “You said Garin sent you ‘back’ to Earth. You’ve been here before?”
“It’s not as uncommon as you think.”
It was part answer part evasion, but she didn’t pry. Other elements of his statement were more interesting. “Tell me about the investigation. What did you come here to help Nazerel and Morgan investigate?”
While Morgan was chasing Nazerel, it became apparent that one or more of her supervisors wasn’t giving her accurate information. They’d been dealing directly with high-placed people on Rodymia, which compromised what Morgan was trying to accomplish. One of the reasons I’m here is to help them figure out who has been stabbing her in the back. Her network of informants and her powerful contacts could be invaluable to us, but only if Morgan is truly in control.
Are we speaking like this because you’re afraid we’ll be overheard? Here inside the Bunker?
It’s probably overkill, but we must remain vigilant until we’ve located the leak or leaks.
They came to a double door with windows inset in it. Ashley glanced inside and then stopped. “Is this the clinic?”
“Yes.”
“Can we check on Letos?”
Bandar hesitated. “I’m not sure the healer will want to be interrupted.”
“I’ll just stick my head in and see what’s going on. I promise not to interrupt if he’s still unconscious.”
He pulled her into his arms for a quick hug before opening the door to the clinic. “Don’t be disappointed if he’s still out. Morgan said Odintar is still working on him.”
The clinic was one open area, but curtain dividers could be pulled around each of the beds. The bed farthest away from the door had been enclosed, so that was likely where they’d put Letos. Ashley took several steps toward the area then sighed. There really wasn’t anything she could do until Letos regained consciousness. She was being selfish.
She was about to leave when a tall, dark-haired man opened one side of the curtains. “You can speak with him if you keep it short.”
Was this Odintar? With mile-wide shoulders and rugged features he looked more warlord than healer. His eyes were solid black, no rings, no distinction between his irises and pupils.
“Thank you.” She approached the bed as the men clasped arms and exchanged greetings. Letos looked better, but his face was still bruised, one eye swollen shut.
“Your mother is fine,” Letos said without opening his eye. “She’s bait, nothing more.”
Her heart gave a happy flutter and she slipped her hand around his. “I’m so sorry they did this to you. I can’t help feeling responsible.”
His lips curved into a sleepy smile. “Freeing you was one of many infractions. Don’t worry, Ashley. I can—find them.”
“How? How can you find them?”
“He’s out again,” Odintar warned. “He really needs to regenerate.” He looked at Bandar. “Do you know when the Crusader will be back in range? If they don’t return soon, I’ll need to summon help. He’s still in pretty bad shape.”
“Keyran said this afternoon, so any time now.”
“All right.” Odintar rolled his shoulders then returned to his position beside the bed. “I’ll keep at it for another hour or so.”
Ashley thanked him again and then Bandar led her from the clinic.
“He said my mother was all right. Can he sense her or did he just mean the last time he saw her?”
“I’m not sure, but I agree with him. She is just bait to lure us into the open. Even interrogating her would be counterproductive. She doesn’t know anything.”
“God, I hope you’re right. I couldn’t deal with it if she ends up like him. One beating on my conscious is enough.”
He stopped her and turned her to face him. “This was not your fault. Letos was working undercover for the Integration Guild. There are always risks. He knew that when he took the assignment.”
“If he hadn’t helped us escape—”
He silenced her with a lingering kiss. “One infraction of many. I heard him say that to you. Now stop being so negative.”
He was right. She’d fallen into a pattern of pessimism and it needed to stop permanently. “He said he can find the ship. He hasn’t lied to us yet, so I choose to believe him.”
“Much better.” They continued down the hallway hand-in-hand.
She didn’t bother asking where they were going. She didn’t really care as long as he was by her side.

Chapter Ten

Bandar paused to refocus his mind as he scanned the door to his quarters open. He stayed on the Crusader the majority of the time, but occasionally it was more convenient for him to sleep here at the Bunker. So Morgan reserved this room for his use and he kept it stocked with clean clothes and toiletries. The officer’s suite to which Nazerel had taken them earlier was larger and nicer, but Bandar wasn’t sure it was still available.
Ashley stepped into the compact room and looked around as he secured the door. “Isn’t this a different room?”
“I forgot to ask Morgan if we could still use the suite, so you’re stuck with me.”
She looked at him and smiled. “Such a sacrifice.”
She wore jeans and a clingy top that showcased her curves. A hint of cleavage had teased him all day, making him desperate to have her naked and beneath him again. But he reined in his lust with stubborn determination. She’d just found out her mother was in serious danger. Sex would be the farthest thing from her mind.
“We didn’t get much rest last night.” He closed the space between them and placed his hands on her shoulders. “I say we lie down for a while and try to get some sleep.”
“I think I’m too tired to sleep. If that’s possible. My body is exhausted, but my brain refuses to spin down.”
“I’ve been there.” He pulled her into a loose embrace, stroking the back of her hair. “Why don’t you get comfortable and I’ll see if I can help you relax.”
Her eyes sparkled and a wicked little smile curved her lips. “Or you can help me work off this excess energy until I’m so tired I have to sleep.”
Her desire rippled across their link, mocking his good intentions. “I’d like nothing better than to make love to you, but I’m not sure that’s what you need right now. Slip off everything but your panties and get in bed.”
Her smile broadened and a lovely blush bloomed across her cheeks. “Are you still planning to help me relax?”
“Go on.” He urged her toward the bed then faced the door, calming himself with several deep breaths. “You’ll like this, I promise.”
Determined to maintain his sanity, he waited until she undressed and slipped beneath the covers before turning back around. He tugged off his boots, socks and jeans, which left him in underwear and a T-shirt. Could he really touch her, rub her naked body without losing control? He had to. She needed to feel safe and relaxed, not overwhelmed and vulnerable. This was his mate, and she needed comfort. His desires would just have to wait.
He pulled the bedding down to her hips and then crawled onto the bed. Though the same size as the one they’d shared before, somehow it felt more intimate this time. She glanced back as he straddled her hips, but said nothing. “Fold your arms beneath your head and close your eyes. You’ll think more clearly and feel stronger if you’re well rested. So relax, try to fall asleep.”
Sure, no problem. Off to sleep I go with the sexist man alive on top of me.
He couldn’t help but smile. It was doubtful she’d meant to share the thought, which thrilled him even more. Still, he needed to teach her how to close her end of the link. Only then would the connection be balanced.
Temporarily constricting the link, so it wouldn’t be so distracting, he went to work on her shoulders and arms. She was tense and resistant to begin with, but his touch remained soothing rather than arousing and she gradually relaxed. He scooted back onto her legs as he worked his way down her back. She lay perfectly still and silent for a long time. His fingers brushed over her sides, carefully avoiding the sweet curve of her breasts. How he wanted to slip his hands beneath her and caress those warm, soft mounds. But this wasn’t about him. She needed this more than sex. He thought his strategy was working and then suddenly she rolled over and raised her arms above her head.
“I can’t lie here and think about all the things they could be doing to her.” She arched her back and closed her eyes as if she feared he’d reject her. “I don’t want to think, period. Is that so wrong?”
How could she still fear that he’d reject her? The pain in her expression tore at his soul.
He leaned over her, entwining their fingers as he covered her mouth with his. Her lips parted and her tongue curled around his the second he ventured past her lips. I love you, Ashley. And I will always be willing to make love to you.
Her breath hitched and her response grew wilder as if she was still struggling to believe. Her legs were trapped beneath the bedding, but her hips rocked and twisted as she fought to get closer to him.
He eased his hold on their connection and allowed his desire to flow into her mind. I need you. I will always need you. Never doubt your power over me.
She tried to untangle their hands, but he closed his fingers, securing his grasp. If she needed a distraction, then he’d give her one. Probably more than one, knowing how insatiable he became whenever he was inside her. “You’re here for my pleasure and mine alone.” He sucked her bottom lip hard enough to make her gasp. “Do you understand?”
“Yes—sir.” She added the title with a breathless sigh after a slight hesitation.
The more aggressive he’d become the night before, the more wildly she responded. He wanted her so caught up in their passion that she wasn’t capable of thinking of anything else. He’d held back each time he touched her, afraid of frightening or hurting her. If she was still having doubts about his affection, then he’d make damn sure she understood the depths of his emotions.
Ignoring the sensual undulation of her hips, he focused on their kiss, stroking her, filling her with his scent and taste. Mine. The declaration was carried on every breath, every touch. He’d infuse her with the concept until she understood how truly special she was to him.

Ashley trembled beneath him, dizzy from his kisses and restless as hell. She ached for his fullness and desperately needed to touch him, but he held her firmly, ruthlessly focusing her attention on their kiss and only their kiss. His scent sank deeper with each panting breath, making her tingle and arch. His tongue slid against hers and curled around hers, bold and familiar. And his taste. She couldn’t get enough of his taste, wanted to savor it and yet needed to devour more and more of him.
Suddenly she tore her mouth away and cried, “More. Please more.” But she wasn’t sure what she was begging for, only knew this wasn’t enough. Without releasing her fingers, he drew her arms downward, pinning her hands to the bed on either side of her shoulders. “I want to touch you.”
“Not yet.” He kissed his way down her neck. His tongue explored and his teeth lightly scraped as her lips longed for more attention. He reached her collarbone and lingered. She shivered and shifted beneath him, needing more, always more.
Then his lips fastened onto one of her nipples and he sucked hard. She gasped pressing into the aggressive kiss as intensity spread through her chest. Her body pulsed with anticipation, but it was nothing compared to the hunger scorching her mind. He wanted her with a clarity that was staggering. And it wasn’t just a warm, responsive partner, Bandar wanted her. Never before had she enjoyed the security of feeling what her lover felt. She didn’t have to trust what he said or judge his actions over a period of years. She could feel what he felt. It was comforting and yet humbling to be so adored.
He moved to her other breast and demanded her attention with a firm nip. “Don’t analyze what you’re feeling. Just feel.” He sucked with firm, slow pulls. Her back bowed clear off the bed. He did it again and again, not stopping until both her nipples were pebble hard and deeply flushed.
Then he ripped the sheet away from her body and grabbed her panties with both hands. He stared into her eyes, gold rings glowing brightly, as he dragged the garment off then tossed it over his shoulder. “Are you mine?”
“As you are mine,” she countered.
“Oh I’m yours and you’ll never doubt it again by the time I’m through with you.” He pulled his T-shirt off and then his underwear, then paused, allowing her time to look at him. When her gaze finally returned to his face, he said, “Now show me how much you want to be devoured by your mate.”
They both knew what this was or at least where it was leading, but he’d never actually said it out loud before. “I’m your mate,” she whispered the words, still not quite believing she could be so fortunate. Joy bubbled up through her and she couldn’t suppress a beaming smile. “I found my mate.”
“No, your mate found you. Now show me.” He rocked back onto his heels with obvious expectation.
Not used to being so overtly sexual, she tentatively grabbed the backs of her knees and pulled her legs up and out, opening herself in blatant invitation. He lowered his head slowly then traced her slit with his tongue. She groaned and squeezed her eyes tightly shut.
“No,” he growled out the word and she opened her eyes. “Prop yourself up so you can see me as well as feel me. I want this imprinted on all of your senses so you’ll never forget or doubt.”
She didn’t want to move, wanted only to surrender to the pleasure, but his tone left no room for arguments. She grabbed the pillows and stacked them behind her back, angling her torso so she could see down the length of her body.
He didn’t object when she shifted her leg to his shoulder, so she pushed her luck and touched his arm. He allowed her caress for only a moment as his tongue explored her creamy folds. Then he grasped her wrist and guided her hand to her breast, immediately covering it with his palm. See how well we fit. If your body were any sleeker, your breast wouldn’t fill my hand. He slipped his other hand under her and squeezed one butt cheek. And here you are perfect too.
Thank God he had such big hands. For once the thought didn’t make her feel less than beautiful. She’d never meet the Hollywood ideal, but her mate thought she was perfect.
And I’m the only one that matters. Now pay attention! He lifted her to his mouth and pushed his tongue deep inside her. She gasped at the invasion as pleasure spiraled up her spine. When he finally lowered her hips, he replaced his tongue with two fingers and moved his mouth to her clit. He circled her once and Ashley came with a sharp, unexpected cry. Her inner muscles clenched his fingers and sensations seemed to trigger her nerve endings all at once.
“Sorry.”
He chuckled, his breath teasing her overheated flesh. “Sorry you enjoy this or sorry I’ve just begun?”
His fingers slid in and out, slow and steady. He wasn’t licking her anymore and she realized he was watching. She couldn’t see his fingers, just the steady motion of his hand, but she could feel how thrilling he found the sight, not to mention her own enjoyment.
He lifted his face and looked into her eyes. “Come for me, angel. I want to watch you this time.”
They’d made love face-to-face more than once, so he had to have seen her climax. But this was different. He was selflessly giving her pleasure, reveling in her abandon. So she let go of her inhibitions and surrendered. His thumb swept over her clit, taking her closer to the edge. She was suddenly squeezing her nipples, yet she couldn’t remember letting go of her other leg.
His ravenous expression urged her on, dared her to surrender even further. She pushed up with her heel, driving herself onto his fingers. But it truly wasn’t enough. “I need you. I want to come around your cock.”
He growled and lunged with blurring speed. Catching the backs of her knees on the bend of his elbows, he thrust his entire length into her waiting heat and watched her control shatter.
She cried out as her inner walls stretched around him. The fullness made each burst of sensation more intense. She kept her eyes open, her mind even more so. Share my pleasure, love. She urged. Feel how much I love you.
His growl turned feral as he pulled his hips back. She watched his shaft emerge from her body, wet with cream. He paused for a heartbeat then drove into her again. His long, slow strokes filled her. She tangled her fingers in the sheet as she watched his shaft disappear again and again. She squeezed him with her core and caressed him with her mind, longing for a less passive role.
“Touch me, love. Never let go.” His voice was harsh, but his emotions were tender.
She raised her hands to his chest then his shoulders, thrilled by the freedom at last. She pulled his head down and kissed him, careful not to interrupt the steady rhythm of his hips. Their tongues dueled and their bodies fused as pure emotions surged back and forth across their link.
It was overwhelming and yet it made her feel grounded, connected as she’d never been before. She was half of a vibrant whole. Someone needed her as desperately as she needed that someone.
Drawing her legs up along his sides, she freed his hands to roam. He braced himself on one forearm as his other hand stroked her breasts and belly, her hips and legs, anywhere he could touch without disrupting the flow of their joining.
Suddenly he wrapped his arms around her and rolled in a tight half-circle. She landed on her knees, astride his hips and he urged her torso up. He didn’t have to tell her what to do. She was already rolling her hips, sliding her body up and down along the length of his sex.
He scooted back onto the mounded pillows and he watched her move. “You are so incredibly beautiful like this.” He cupped both her breasts and lifted into her next stroke. “I may never let you dress again.”
Too breathless to speak and too in love to feel anything but joy, she tossed her hair back and rode him faster, taking him deeper. He slid his hands to her hips and steadied her as he countered her motion, doubling the impact.
She gasped and reached back, bracing herself on his thighs. Urgency blasted into her mind, catapulting her toward the finish line. She cried out, desperately trying to pull back the sensations, but it was much too late. She dug her fingers into his thighs as pleasure exploded inside her. He reared up and wrapped his arms around her, joining her in release.
They clung to each other, shuddering together as sensations flowed across their link. Her pleasure fueled his and his heightened hers in a circle that kept them soaring endlessly. They kissed and caressed, in no hurry to readmit reality into their private heaven.
I love you, Bandar. She communicated her devotion with her body and mind.
And I love you. His response was every bit as consuming.
* * * * *
They emerged from the cabin an hour later after enjoying a quick snooze in each other’s arms. The clinic was empty when they walked in and Ashley’s buoyant spirits plummeted. “You don’t think he…”
“Don’t.” Bandar reached down and pinched her butt. “No more negative thoughts.”
“You’re right.” She wiggled away from his playful punishment. “Negativity has no place in my mind.”
Apparently hearing their voices, a female medic stepped out from one of the back rooms. “May I help you?”
“Where did they take Letos?” Bandar asked.
“They took him to the Crusader almost an hour ago.”
“Thank you.” Bandar led Ashley out into the corridor, his face suddenly grim. “Someone should have alerted us.” He repeated the complaint when they found Nazerel in Morgan’s office a few minutes later. Morgan was nowhere in sight.
“There’s nothing you can do until he’s out of regeneration,” Nazerel pointed out. “I didn’t see a reason to disrupt your nap.” He said the last word with a smirk that assured them he knew they’d spent very little time sleeping.
“Thanks again for your hospitality and your assistance.” Bandar sounded strangely formal. “Can you clear us to leave from here or do we need to go to one of the departure bays?”
Nazerel went to Morgan’s desk and entered a couple of commands into her computer. “You’re clear. Keep us in the loop.”
“Will do.” Then Bandar pulled her to his side and wrapped his arm around her waist.
This is Bandar. He sent the signal to the bio-stream engineer, but Ashley could hear him as well. Please stream my guest and I directly to the infirmary.
Is this a medical emergency?
Not yet, so don’t test me. The poor engineer couldn’t see Bandar’s playful smirk only hear his hostile tone.
Copy. Two for the infirmary.
Knowing the vertigo was coming didn’t lessen the dizzying effect, but Ashley breathed through the sensations rather than fighting against them and the spinning dissipated much faster.
The Crusader’s infirmary was about double the size of the clinic. Twelve treatment tables were arranged in a circle around a central work area. Two young men were seated at separate workstations within the common area. Both were dressed in black-and-gold uniforms. They weren’t armed, so they were likely medics or medical technicians. She was pretty sure Irron was the only doctor on board the Crusader. They shot to their feet when they spotted Ashley, but Bandar had warned her not to speak to the crew. They each greeted Bandar with a polite, “Commander”, yet their gazes were locked on her.
“This is Ashley,” he introduced. “My mate.”
Immediately, their gazes lowered and they returned to their seats.
Was that necessary? Secretly his possessive growl sent a thrill down her spine, but he didn’t need to know how much she enjoyed his attitude.
Absolutely. There was no regret in his tone.
She wasn’t sure if one of the medics signaled Irron or if he’d heard them talking, but the doctor entered from an adjoining room. He was dressed in a white lab coat piped in black and gold that made him look more like part of the crew. “Welcome back.” And without pause he added, “Does the commander know she’s on board?”
Wasn’t Bandar the commander?
My rank is commander, but I’m not in command of this ship. He clarified though she hadn’t actually asked the question.
“I’m sure the bio-stream engineer told him by now, so he’ll likely stomp in here any minute now.”
“Easier to beg forgiveness than ask permission?” Irron winked at Ashley. “Hello again.”
Ignoring the doctor’s playful question, Bandar asked, “How’s Letos?”
“Still cooking. It’ll be at least another hour, probably more like two.”
True to Bandar’s prediction a gray-haired man stormed into the clinic a few minutes later. His hostile gaze swept from Bandar to Ashley and back. His uniform had wide gold stripes across the shoulders, but he didn’t need the uniform distinction to identify him as commander. Every movement emanated authority. “Nox,” he snapped. “A word.” And he motioned to the corridor.
“The ship’s commander, I presume?” She waited until the two men left before she asked Irron.
“That would be Commander Tarr, Keyran to his friends, which are few and far between. Bandar should have asked before bringing you on board.” Apparently the commander agreed. Though somewhat muffled by the wall, his shouts soon echoed in the infirmary. Much to Ashley’s surprise, Bandar didn’t raise his voice. Irron patted her shoulder with a reassuring smile. “Keyran’s bark is worse than his bite, especially where that one’s concerned.”
“Why is that?”
“Keyran was Bandar’s mentor. Can’t help but thinking of him like a son. Besides, Bandar isn’t technically part of the crew. A fact Bandar’s quick to point out. He answers directly to General Nox.”
“How convenient.”
One of the medics snickered and Irron snapped at him in Rodyte. Then he looked at Ashley and said, “If you’re going to spend time on the Crusader, you need a translator patch and vaccinations. Let’s take care of that while you’re here.”
“A what?”
“Vaccinations will keep you from spreading human diseases among the crew. Most Rodytes are disease free, but the injection will protect you just in case. The other injection contains specialized nanites that translate languages. You’ll need a full language infusion if you want to read and write, but this will allow you to speak with most anyone you encounter.”
“Are they safe for humans?”
“I’ve had to tweak the programing, but I’ve used them on humans before. Morgan has had both and she’s still alive and kicking.”
Only knowing one language was rather limiting. Then a naughty thought made her smile. “Let’s not tell Bandar you did this. I want to have some fun with it.”
“Always happy to perpetuate mischief.” He flashed a conspirator’s smile and motioned toward one of treatment tables.
She barely felt the vaccination, which he injected into her upper arm. The language patch, however, was injected at the base of her skull and felt like it unleashed fire ants into her brain. She gasped and clutched his arm for support until the burning passed.
“You could have warned me.” She rubbed the spot, which was still stinging though the worst of the fire had burned itself out.
“I did.”
“You said, ‘this could sting a bit’. That was significantly more than a bit.”
“Shall I put you in a regeneration bay?” he asked with melodramatic fear.
She slapped his arm and scooted off the side of the bed. “You’re a horrible doctor.”
He laughed. “I’m a wonderful doctor. I’ve just spent too much time patching up warriors who walk in holding their own severed arms. I’m not sure what to do with such a delicate flower.” Before she could take offense at the characterization he smiled. “Actually, I know exactly what to do with someone like you, but Bandar won’t let me.”
Both of the assistants were chuckling now and she began to catch words she’d been unable to understand before. The words still sounded harsh and guttural, but her new nanites provided their meanings, most of which were semi-obscene. Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea after all.
Rather than over-analyzing the situation, as she so often did, she changed the subject. “I know you haven’t had much time with the new information, but has it been helpful?”
“Yes and no.” He motioned her toward one of three doors spaced along the outer wall of the infirmary. “When Bandar returns, send him to my office.”
“Yes, Doctor,” one of the medics responded without looking up from his holodisplay.
Being taken to the privacy of a doctor’s office was never good. Trepidation tightened Ashley’s stomach as she lowered herself into one of the chairs in front of Irron’s desk. “Is it bad?”
“It was.” His expression was nearly blank, but compassion softened his tone. “You were dying of leukemia and human medicine had failed.”
“I never had leukemia. What are you talking about?”
“It’s well documented in Daniel’s notes. You were diagnosed when you were nineteen months old, so it’s not surprising that you don’t remember.”
“But why… This can’t be… My mother had to have known.” The final realization swept through Ashley like an artic wind. “She had to have allowed it.”
“Not necessarily.” Irron extended his hand across the desk, but couldn’t reach her.
Bandar rushed into the office, expression thunderous. “What’s the matter? Her emotions are all over the place.”
Ashley cringed. She hadn’t realized their link was still active. Sharing emotions during sex was one thing. She wasn’t sure she wanted Bandar to feel it every time she had a mean thought or cried at a commercial. Turn off the connection until we’re alone. I don’t want it on all the time.
She sensed his resistance before she heard his thoughts. I just constricted the empathic layer of our link, but I’ll still receive strong surges of emotion. It stays like this until this crisis is resolved. Then I’ll teach you how to shield your end of the connection.
She nodded. It was obviously the only compromise he was willing to make. “Dr. Irron was explaining what he’s learned so far.”
Bandar sat beside her and pulled her hand onto his lap, entwining their fingers. “Continue.”
By human standards, Bandar was seriously chauvinistic. But then Bandar wasn’t human. His life had been formed by forces most humans wouldn’t survive much less understand. He was strong because he had to be strong, which made him fiercely protective of anyone and anything entrusted to his care. She would never allow him to shut her away in an ivory tower, but having someone solidly on her side was novel and endearing. He could growl and glower all he liked as long as the threats were issued on her behalf and never directed at her.
“According to Daniel’s notes, his initial interest in genetic engineering was born of love, a father’s love for his dying child to be exact.”
Bandar looked at her and his fingers gently squeezed her hand. “Were you aware that you had a sibling?”
“I didn’t. He’s talking about me.”
Shifting his head back toward the doctor, Bandar silently waited for the explanation.
“Ashley had leukemia. That’s an aggressive form of cancer that sabotages a human’s ability to fight infection. The traditional human treatments didn’t work for Ashley, so her father began searching for some less traditional methods.”
“Were you aware of any of this?” Bandar asked her.
“At first I said no, but thinking back now, I actually remember a lot more than I originally thought. This is the first I’ve heard of leukemia, but I remember blood transfusions and IV medications. I was in and out of hospitals clear up until I was in my teens.”
“How did your parents explain these treatments?” Bandar wanted to know.
“No one knew what was wrong with me. That was the problem. I was exhausted all the time, I’d turn a simple sniffle into a major infection, and my test results were always abnormal yet non-conclusive. They tried all sorts of things, but the symptoms kept coming back.” She paused as memories rolled through her mind. Despite their recent conflicts, Abigail had been a constant fixture at Ashley’s bedside. Which brought her back to an unanswered question. “You said my mother might not have known what was going on. How is that possible?”
“She obviously knew you were ill,” Irron explained, “even suspected that your father was pushing boundaries with his treatments. But Daniel is very clear in his notes that he never revealed the source of his new techniques. He only told her they were experimental.”
She waited for the doctor to continue, to fill in the gaping holes in the story, but he stared off into space for so long Ashley began to fear he was having some sort of seizure. “Dr. Irron.” And when he still didn’t respond, she said his first name in a sharp, impatient tone. “Hindel.”
He snapped out of his distracted trance with a heavy sigh. “I know your father’s death has always bothered you, that you’re convinced it wasn’t suicide.”
This wasn’t a tangent she’d expected, but she was definitely interested in the subject. “Do you know who killed him?”
“I can’t prove it. However, there are several passages in your father’s notes that reinforce my suspicions. Restoring magic to all of Rodymia was the motivation driving Pern Keire’s actions. He was determined to make Rodytes strong enough that they could retake control of Bilarri.”
“Then my father’s work would have been extremely important to Pern.” Ashley was trying to follow along, but so many of these people were simply names without an in-depth context. It was hard to keep everything straight.
“Correct,” Irron assured her.
“But Pern is dead now and his younger brother has taken his place.” The statement was as much a reminder to herself as a prompt for more information.
“Also correct. And Quinton, the current Crown Stirate, has very different goals.”
“Quinton is more realistic,” Bandar told her. “He’s accepted our limitations. Even if every Rodyte alive today regained the use of magic, we wouldn’t have a hope of conquering Bilarri. There are simply too many of them and they’ve had centuries to increase their power and control.”
Irron nodded, clearly agreeing with Bandar’s position. “There have been skirmishes here and there, but there hasn’t been a full-scale battle since Quinton came to power.”
“Then what does Quinton want and what does it have to do with my father’s death?”
“We’re not sure about his long-term goals,” Bandar explained, “but in the short-term, he wants to control who’s allowed magic and who remains powerless.”
“Even after Pern’s death, your father made it clear that he would make his process available to anyone who wanted to regain their magic.” Irron went on, “It was a position Quinton couldn’t allow.”
“So you think Quinton killed my father?”
“Not directly.” Irron shook his head. “Crown Stirates seldom wield their own weapons. Quinton would have dispatched an assassin, someone like Akim Farmon. But make no mistake, Quinton had the most to lose if your father succeeded, which makes him my number-one suspect.”
“But Dad didn’t succeed. None of his treatments worked. I hit my teens and everything just sort of stopped. I’m not sure my recovery had anything to do with my father.”
“It absolutely had to do with your father and the timing is not unusual,” Irron told her.
“Really?” She hadn’t meant to sound quite so sarcastic, but Irron’s comment made no sense. “Why would my health issues just go away?”
“Because you went through puberty.” He made it sound as if that explained everything, but she was still confused.
“And?”
“With Rodytes puberty is a two-step process. The first round of hormone surges prepares the body for sex and attracts potential mates. Each person must be strong and healthy to attract a potential mate, so the immune system goes into overdrive, killing off anything that might compromise the body’s ability to reproduce. The second step is the bonding transformation. Once the most compatible mate has been located, the second transformation is triggered and each person’s DNA is locked into its permanent pattern.”
“That’s fascinating, but you’re forgetting one important detail.” She paused for affect. “I’m not Rodyte.”
“Neither are you entirely human.” He used the same dramatic pause to accent the import in the simple statement. “The adjustments your father made to your DNA were patterned after a Rodyte female.”
Every muscle in Ashley’s body tightened at the implication. “Do you know which one?” The image had been permanently seared into her brain fifteen years ago. All Ashley had to do was stop fighting against the memory and she could see the scene as clearly as when it happened. Her father’s enraptured face, the woman’s blue-streaked hair and those eyes, always those strange blue-ringed eyes. Was she carrying around segments of that creature’s genetics? The possibility was more upsetting than anything else she’d learned in the past few days.
“There were three females mentioned in Daniel’s notes. The most likely to have participated in the experiments is the one he refers to as Pyre Sterling. That’s not her real name, of course, but that pseudonym has been associated with other events occurring about the same time. There’s a lot of speculation about her real identity, but I have no way of confirming or disproving her involvement.”
“Why is she more likely than the other two my father mentioned?”
Again Irron seemed reluctant to answer. “Pyre had done this sort of thing before. Her murky ethics forced the Integration Guild to banish her and they tolerate anyone with the right skill set.”
She wasn’t sure if he was making her feel better or worse. Would her father really have an affair with someone so morally corrupt? “What does she look like?”
“It’s hard to say. Pyre has been known to change her physical appearance according to the situation and her whim. Is there a reason for the question? Did you see any of the Rodytes with which your father interacted?”
Bandar answered for her. “She saw two, one male and one female, but there was nothing unique about either of their appearances. It’s unlikely the female Ashley saw was Pyre.”
Irron nodded, his gaze drifting back to Ashley. “Pyre is rather flamboyant. If you’d seen her, you’d know it.”
More than ready to move on, Ashley nodded as well. “This still makes me some sort of hybrid?”
Irron looked more uncomfortable with each revelation. “Technically, yes. In fact you possess the same protein marker that we found in the female who survived Sevrin’s protocol.”
“Which makes me an ideal test subject. Is that where this is leading?”
Irron cleared his throat and looked at Bandar rather than Ashley. “I can sense a connection between you two, but I’d rather have you explain its exact nature than intruding into her mind.”
“Good choice.” Bandar’s smile was anything but warm. “I established a comlink so we can exchange thoughts and images. It has been expanded twice. Once to allow memory sharing and again to facilitate emotions. I haven’t triggered a mating bond.”
Irron nodded. “Keep the connection shielded. It’s safer if the others don’t realize it’s not a permanent bond.”
“We’re aware,” Ashley told him. “The misconception is what kept me safe on the Relentless.”
“So what does all this mean for Ashley?” Bandar prompted. “She’s obviously healthy now. Is she right? Are you asking her to test the new protocol?”
Irron’s smile was obviously meant to minimize the situation, but Ashley didn’t buy his nonchalance. “I don’t yet have a new protocol, but I believe that’s where Daniel’s research was headed. If he’d survived, there is every indication that power transference would have been the final step in Ashley’s transformation.”
“But Dad didn’t survive and I’m not interested in any more transformations.” She looked at Bandar, expecting to find an ally, a champion ready to put the doctor in his place. Instead Bandar’s expression was conflicted and his thoughts carefully guarded. Shocked and hurt, she looked into his eyes. “You want me to be his lab rat?”
“I didn’t say that.”
“You didn’t have to. It’s written all over your face.” She stood and put her chair between them. The hope in his dark eyes felt like betrayal. “This is your ultimate goal, the reason you came to Earth. Why wouldn’t you want it?”
“I would never allow anything that put you in danger.”
“But.” Despite his sincerity, he was obviously not finished with the statement.
“But Irron is not Sevrin. He would never attempt a clinical trial unless there was little or no risk.”
“There is always risk. Have you forgotten who my father was? I’ve read many of his journals. I know how horribly wrong some of his experiments went.”
“Our simulators make those sorts of trial-and-error experiments unconscionable,” Irron told her. “Live tests are never attempted until the simulations are perfected. Failure rate in test subjects is less than one tenth of one percent.”
“One in ten thousand?” It was better than she’d expected. Still, she shook her head. “I need to think about it.”
“Of course. Take your time. As I said, I’m still weeks away from a viable protocol.”
They left the office through a different door and ended up in a corridor rather than the infirmary. Bandar’s disciplined expressions gave nothing away, but she didn’t like the sudden distance she sensed between them. “I’m not afraid of bonding with you. It’s introducing anything else into that process that I’m leery about.”
“I know and I agree. We won’t even consider it unless he has a profound breakthrough.”
She smiled and moved closer. His arm automatically draped across her shoulders and he pulled her against his side. They really did fit perfectly together. “So what do we do for the next hour or so?” She didn’t dare look at him, knowing his thoughts were likely as indecent as hers.
“Keyran reluctantly gave me permission to show you around the ship, but I can give you another back rub if you’d rather.”
She laughed. “A tour would be wonderful. I’ll take a raincheck on the massage.”
So they meandered through the ship. It was actually smaller than Ashley had pictured, though even more impressive. Smooth blueish gray and faintly iridescent, the corridors were rounded at the top and the floors were lightly textured.
She scuffed her foot against the roughened surface, testing the traction. “Is slipping and sliding a big problem in outer space?”
His smile was patient, his gaze warm. “Gravity generators and a network of stabilizers work well to keep the ride smooth, but unexpected maneuvers and transitioning between trans-warp jumps are always bumpy. It’s just a precaution.”
Each time they came to a crew member, the person backed into the wall and averted their face. After it happened the third time, Ashley had to ask, “Are they avoiding me or you?”
“That’s technically the appropriate stance whenever a superior officer approaches, but Keyran runs a pretty informal ship. In this case, they’re reacting to me because of you.”
“You wouldn’t really start a fight just because someone looked at me, would you?” Political correctness made her ask the question, but the thought of him feeling that strongly about her was perversely appealing.
“It would depend on where they looked and for how long.”
She smiled and they turned toward the left. She’d long since lost track of their path and just let him lead her.
“Any perimeter wall can be transformed into a viewport.” He paused before a seemingly unadorned section of the hallway and issued the Rodyte command for open. The pearlescent pattern within the surface of the wall slowly rotated, stretched, then stabilized, forming a familiar image. He spoke a different command and the scene expanded, spreading from floor to ceiling and the entire length of the corridor.
Paralyzed by wonder, Ashley looked at Earth, a vivid blue sphere with swirling clouds, identifiable land masses and endless stretches of ocean. Beyond the convex surface a bright light glowed, half-hidden by the planet. “Is that the sun?”
“Yes. Sunsets appear a bit different from this perspective.”
With a multi-layer corona and distinct spikes, the sun looked much more like a star than the blinding circle she was used to seeing. Images like this had been featured on TV and the internet for years, but this was more immersive, more breathtaking.
“I’m here.” She shook her head, unable to drag her gaze away from the captivating view. “I’m looking down on the world from a spaceship.” He didn’t rush her, allowed her to soak it all in.
As the awe mellowed to fascination, other thoughts crept into her mind, darker associated images that intruded on the tranquility. She didn’t want to taint the experience, but resentment and anger had a way of oozing through hairline fractures and widening even the slimmest gap.
She wrapped her arms around herself and stared out at the fantastical scene, no longer attune to its beauty. “I remember sitting in a locked ward, alone and shattered, feeling as if the universe had betrayed me. I knew what I’d seen. My father sure as hell knew aliens were real. But no one would listen. No one defended me.”
He moved up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist. “You’re not alone now and I will lay down my life to defend you.”
She crossed her arms over his, drawing strength from his nearness. “Mom let those monsters lock me up and systematically dismantle my self-confidence. They made me doubt everything I said, everything I knew I’d seen.” She pressed back into his warmth, used his love to push away the darkness. “I began to wonder if they were right. Maybe I had imagined it all. Maybe I was just acting out because I knew my father was leaving.” She took a deep breath and let anger burn away the memories. “But I was right.” She sounded much stronger now. She was stronger now. “I was never crazy.”
“You were never crazy,” he stressed then hugged her as he pressed a kiss into her hair.
“Enough of this.” She turned around, twisting out of his arms in the process. “Are there shuttle pods or smaller transports? Is bio-streaming the only way on or off the ship?”
He pulled her back into his arms, face-to-face this time. “Plotting an escape already? I thought I’d pleasured you into submission.”
Tingling heat curled through her body, settling with predictable results between her thighs. Rather than give in to their smoldering attraction, she wiggled against him, feeling playful and bold. “I’ve been gathering intel like a good soldier. It’s always wise to know your enemy.”
He grasped her butt with both hands and slid her up his body until her face was even with his. “Are we still enemies?”
She wrapped her legs around his hips and locked her arms behind his neck. “You please me so well, I’ve decided to keep you. Commander Tarr, however, must be overthrown if he keeps being rude to me.”
Laughter rumbled in his chest and his joyful smile rolled ten years off his face. “If anyone could launch a successful mutiny on this ship, it would be you.”
She wanted to rub against him, feel desire spike until they were mindless and breathless, but she’d not yet seen much of the ship and she really was curious. She unhooked her ankles and he lowered her to the floor. His hands lingered with obvious enjoyment on her backside, making it even harder to step away.
“Come on.” He held out his hand and she took it, no longer sure where they were going.
He took her to a raised walkway overlooking the hanger deck. The sleek, two-person ships were obviously designed for speed and agility. “Have you ever flown one of those?”
He smiled. “I can fly anything on board, as well as the ship itself. But those are only used for battle and most of my tasks take place before the fighting starts.”
She knew he’d seen more than his share of action. Their memory sharing left her with no delusions about what his life was like. Bandar was a soldier. War was his life.
Hoping for a lighter topic, she asked, “Do you have nutri-gens on board or does someone cook the old-fashion way?”
“Nutri-gens are infinitely safer than conventional kitchens and much more flexible. Everyone can choose what they want to eat rather than being stuck with whatever the kitchen staff decides to feed them.” Then he looked down at her and asked, “Are you hungry?”
“A little bit. For some reason I’ve been too distracted to eat much lately.” Other than you, of course.
He chuckled and his hand dropped to the small of her back. “I can’t promise an actual hot fudge sundae, but I know our library contains several similar treats.”
“I’ll happily devour sweets of any kind, but make me eat something healthy first. I have no self-discipline.” She almost added “as you can plainly see”, but the impulse felt wrong now, untrue. Bandar thought she was perfect and that was good enough for her.
Her steps faltered as they reached the cafeteria or whatever the Rodyte equivalent was called. She’d expected a large, empty room filled with tables and chairs. Instead they entered a multilevel atrium with a massive transparent dome. Exposed hallways spiraled upward for three levels. The largest eating area was on the main floor, but there were smaller, semi-private dining rooms at regular intervals all the way up to the dome.
“Can we go up there?” Why was she whispering?
“Of course. This is called the central court, by the way, but you should never come here by yourself. We don’t just take our meals here. It’s a lounge and work area for those who would rather not be cooped up in their cabins. Many smaller planning sessions are held in the starlight lounge.”
She didn’t need to ask where that was. He took her hand and led her along the spiraling walkway. They’d only reached the second level when she noticed that every eye in the place followed their progress. “Do you need to kiss me or something? They’re making me uncomfortable.”
“I can back them off with a telepathic command, but I like your idea better.” He swept her into his arms and kissed her deeply.
She clung to his broad back and returned the kiss with obvious participation.
Rather than being cowed by the display, the room erupted in cheers and whistles. Ashley broke away with a laugh and took a bow, which made the crew cheer even louder.
The main doors slid open and Keyran strode in. The entire area grew deathly quiet. The commander growled a Rodyte word that translated to “carry on” then hurried after Bandar and Ashley.
“Shit.” She started up the walkway, but Bandar caught her hand.
“There’s nothing to fear. We’ve done nothing wrong.”
“I don’t think he sees it that way.”
“He always looks constipated. Once you figure that out, he’s not nearly as intimidating.”
She quickly fought back a laugh as Keyran reached them. “I thought you were taking her to your cabin.”
“She’s hungry. Is she not allowed to eat?”
“You could have ordered something from your cabin. I will not have her disrupting the crew.”
“This is a leisure area. We were not disrupting anyone’s work.”
Keyran looked at her, his eyes assessing rather than glaring. To her surprise he held out his hand, “Keyran Tarr. You might as well call me Keyran. Your mate refuses to use my title.”
She shook his hand and offered him a friendly smile. “I’m much more polite than my mate, Commander Tarr. Thank you for allowing me on board.”
One of his gray brows arched, yet his expression held far less rancor than it had a moment before. “I didn’t ‘allow’ you anywhere, but the damage is done. You might as well update me.”
They continued walking until they reached the starlight lounge. Her steps lagged as the view drew her gaze ever upward. “This is spectacular.” She stood transfixed by the beauty, velvet black pierced by countless dots of incandescent white. “I didn’t think you could see stars in space.”
“Common misconception,” Keyran told her, his demeanor continuing to warm. “We frequently travel faster than light so we lose the stars, but anytime we’re in orbit the stars are extraordinary.”
She smiled at him, hoping to encourage the thaw. “I agree.”
“What would you like to eat, before your hot fudge sundae?” Bandar drew her attention back to him.
“Can it make a salad, maybe with grilled chicken breast?”
“Let me see what I can come up with.” He motioned toward the tables. “Find us a seat.”
As soon as Keyran neared, several parties suddenly finished their meals and vacated their seats. “Take your pick,” he offered with a lazy smile.
“Does everyone always scurry out of your way or am I the cause of their sudden hurry?”
“My crew knows I’m pissed at your mate and doesn’t want to get caught in the crossfire.” He pulled out a chair for her then sat across from her, more or less facing the entrance to the lounge. It was a defensive position. Were Rodytes always so paranoid?
“I’m sorry Bandar upset you. I’ll do my best not to be a disruption.”
He chuckled, folding his hands on the tabletop as he watched her carefully. “Is that what you were doing when I walked in? Trying to be inconspicuous?”
Something in his expression made her advance when she ordinarily would have retreated. Rodytes respected strength and exploited weakness. Was Keyran testing her? “The crew needed to know that Bandar’s claim was valid and final. With one kiss we sent the message loud and clear. It was probably the least disruptive thing we could have done, all things considered.”
As she’d hoped, he relaxed with another unexpected smile. “You might look like a princess, but there’s strength in you. Damn good thing too. If this thing with Bandar is serious, you’re going to need all the strength you can muster.” After another thoughtful nod, he seemed to consider the subject closed.
His hair was short and mostly gray, but strands of brown hinted at its original color. Numerous lines and creases etched into his face revealed character rather than just age. And his phitons were more purple than blue. Was that a product of aging or a reflection of his heritage? She’d have to ask Bandar about it when they were alone.
“I’m sorry to hear about your mother,” he said after a short pause. “Her rescue is now our top priority.”
“Thank you.”
Keyran looked at Bandar then back at Ashley. “I’m actually glad he’s busy. I wanted to speak with you alone.”
“Regarding?”
“Irron is still analyzing your father’s data, but he’s convinced you’re the perfect test subject for the new protocol and everyone is anxious for the research to resume.”
Tensing all over again, she nodded. “He told me.”
“Well, I want to make it perfectly clear that this is your decision and yours alone. Bandar and Irron, not to mention every other male on board, will try to convince you that there is no other option.”
“You don’t believe that?”
“Restoring magic to the battle born is one possible way of assuring us a vastly different life from what we’re allowed on Rodymia. However, we have other options. You need to think long and hard before you agree to let them make further adjustments to your genetics. It will change you in ways no one can predict no matter how many successful simulations they run.”
His vehemence was endearing. She hadn’t expected such compassion from this grumpy old man. “I appreciate your honesty.”
Before she could say more, Keyran’s expression went blank. He snapped out of the trance as suddenly as he’d been pulled in. “We’ll have to bring the food with us. Letos is awake.”

Chapter Eleven

Rather than subject Letos to repeated interrogations, Keyran had him brought to the conference room on the command deck. Bandar and Ashley ate quickly as they waited for the others to arrive. Ashley wasn’t even sure how many others had been invited to the impromptu meeting, but eating in front of a room full of people didn’t appeal to her, so she powered through her salad in record time.
“Sorry about the ice cream, angel.” Bandar finished his sandwich and wiped his mouth on a napkin before collecting their dishes and stuffing everything into the recycler. “I’ll add it to your list of rain checks.”
Morgan and Nazerel joined them a few minutes later, followed by Dr. Irron and Letos. Keyran sat at one end of the table, Letos at the other. Irron, Nazerel and Morgan sat along one side while Bandar and Ashley faced them. Except for the smooth control panels inset in front of each seat at the oblong table, the room looked like countless conference rooms Ashley had been in before. It was easy to pretend she was back on Earth rather than in a spaceship orbiting the planet.
Letos was dressed in uniform pants and a solid black T-shirt. He still looked a bit pale and dark circles shadowed his eyes, but most of the bruises and cuts were healed. Rodyte technology truly was magical, which made their obsession with magic confusing. At least to Ashley.
Without bothering with superficial pleasantries, Keyran dove right in. He folded his forearms on the tabletop and looked at Letos. “Who sent you to Akim and what were your mission objectives?”
Letos ignored the rudeness and smiled at Ashley. “Your mother is doing well. Though understandably frightened, she has not been harmed.”
“And how are you aware of this?” Keyran persisted.
“I touched her briefly during the abduction and was able to insert a com-bot. I haven’t risked sending my thoughts to her. If she started hearing voices right now, she’d likely think she’d gone mad. And her reaction might alert the others to what I’d done. It’s this link that will allow me to pinpoint her location.”
“Are you a technomage?” Irron’s tone was less confrontational, but his expression was just as suspicious as the commander’s.
“I’ve been unconscious in your infirmary for the past several hours. I’m sure you ran all sorts of scans. Why don’t you tell me?” Despite the obvious hostility aimed at him from all directions, Letos seemed almost amused by their surliness.
“You have more integrated tech than any person I’ve ever encountered, so my vote is yes.”
He inclined his head toward the doctor, neither confirming nor denying the conclusion.
Ashley wasn’t sure why the others were being so disagreeable. She was the one who’d been stabbed by the man and yet she seemed to trust him more than anyone else. “Why did Akim kidnap my mother and what does he intend to do with her?” Letos’s intense, blue-ringed gaze returned to Ashley and she shivered. The image of those eyes had been burned into her memory the night he broke into her house and confirmed the existence of aliens.
“Abigail is a distraction and insurance in case their primary plan falls apart. She is in no immediate danger.”
“And what is their primary plan?” Impatience made Keyran’s tone sharper than normal.
“I’m bugged,” he announced with an enigmatic smile. “They left me near death so you’d have no choice but to bring me aboard if you wanted the opportunity to question me. They’re as desperate to locate this ship as you are to locate theirs.”
Keyran stood so fast his chair toppled over and his hands slapped down on the tabletop. “You tell us this now!”
“I disabled the tracker moments after they streamed out with Abigail.” He crossed his arms over his chest, finally looking annoyed. “I’ve done nothing but assist you, Commander Tarr. Why are you harassing me?”
Bandar scoffed, speaking for the first time. “I haven’t forgotten what you did to Ashley. Her blood is still under your fingernails. Don’t you dare play the victim now.”
Again he ignored the hostility and looked at her. “I apologize for the pain, Ms. Kane. It was imperative that I prove myself to Akim and unfortunately you were the best way to do so. I was extremely careful when I injured you and I knew Bandar would be able to facilitate your recovery.”
“How did Akim know where to find my mother?” She could let go of the rest, but that detail had been bothering her all day.
“I had nothing to do with that.” He spoke with enough conviction to make her believe him. “Erkott was determined to beat it out of me, but I couldn’t tell him what I didn’t know.”
“Why allow him to beat the shit out of you if you could have flashed out at any time?” Keyran’s antagonism had faded to mild suspicion.
“I had no choice. I knew what they intended and I knew no one else would get close enough to expose their location. By allowing them to abuse me, I created this opportunity. Akim is shrewd and paranoid. It’s likely the only one you’ll get.”
“Even if your com-bot can lead us to the Relentless, how do we penetrate their shields?” Keyran persisted. “I’m still not sure how we were able to do so before.”
With another enigmatic smile, Letos pulled a small device out of his pocket and placed it on the table. “This is a shield modulator. As you’ve seen, it creates a small opening in the shields without disrupting the entire field. Generally the effect is so minor the opening goes undetected.”
“You were naked when the guards found you.” Bandar shuddered. “Do I even want to ask where that came from?”
Letos laughed and shook his head. “I printed it from the pattern a friend transmitted to me a short time ago. Stop being disgusting.”
“If you didn’t give up Abigail’s address, how did Akim know where to find her?” Nazerel finally broke his silence. Morgan seemed content to observe and listen. It was likely she learned more by being vigilant than trying to wrest answers out by force. Besides, the men clearly had that strategy covered.
Letos rubbed his eyes and rolled his shoulders, his fatigue beginning to show. “Akim’s harbinger must have told him. It was obvious she was only cooperating because she—”
“She?” Keyran, who had righted his chair and was sitting again, sounded shocked and horrified. “Akim has a female harbinger? Why would Quinton award him such a prize?”
Quinton? She’d heard the name before but couldn’t place it. Wait, Quinton was the crown-something-or-other, the ultimate ruler on Rodymia. Shit, that couldn’t be good.
“He’s horribly cruel to her,” Letos told them. “If at all possible, you should include her in your rescue plans. She did her best to protect me, but her options were extremely limited.”
“She told them where to find my mother,” Ashley pointed out. It wasn’t that she didn’t care about the plight of this other woman, but Abigail was her mother.
“She had no choice,” Letos stressed. “Chandar is as much a victim as—”
“Chandar?” Bandar and Keyran cried in unison.
Bandar pushed back from the table and stood, stalking toward Letos with an unreadable yet extremely intense expression. “Show me her face.” He held out his hand expectantly.
After releasing a shaky sigh, Letos placed his hand on Bandar’s and passed him the image.
For just a second Ashley saw her too. Long silvery blonde hair, features so delicate she didn’t look quite real and the most hauntingly beautiful eyes Ashley had ever seen. They were pastel blue with bright silver rings. And her smooth white skin had a faint pearlescent sheen that made her look elfin, or what Ashley had always imagined an elf would look like.
“Who is she?” Ashley whispered.
“We were told she was dead.” Bandar released Letos’s hand, clearly shaken by the revelation. He looked at Keyran, his expression tormented. “We have to tell Garin. Danvier will be elated. And devastated. How can this be true? Danvier felt her spirt pass beyond two years ago.”
Keyran looked just as overwhelmed as Bandar. Who was this woman to these men? She obviously meant a great deal to both of them. Make that all of them. Nazerel looked as if he was ready to throw up too.
“We’ll com him as soon as we’re finished here,” Keyran assured his friends as Bandar returned to his seat.
Ashley was dying to know who Danvier was and more about this mysterious Chandar, but the situation was already complicated enough. She had to stay focused on her mother.
“I’ll reveal the location of the Relentless if that’s where they’ve taken Abigail,” Letos digressed. “There’s a small chance they’ve secured her somewhere else, but I have no control over that.”
“Were you sent by the Integration Guild or do you work for Quinton?” Keyran tried again. His tone was less provocative this time, yet authority and impatience were revealed in every word.
“We despise that coward every bit as much as you do,” Letos snapped, then more calmly, “I’m not at liberty to explain the details of my mission. I will tell you this. The guild leaders have always been sympathetic to the plight of the battle born. We’re not yet ready to declare our support publically, but Javin believes there is much we can do to assist each other. If you’re willing to keep us informed of your progress, we’re willing to open certain doors and provide assistance whenever possible.”
Apparently, Javin was one of the Integration Guild’s leaders. Ashley tucked the name away in her ask-Bandar-later file.
“And how will we keep you informed, if we decide an alliance is mutually beneficial?” Challenge arched Keyran’s brow. It couldn’t have been more apparent that he didn’t like the technomage.
Letos just smiled. “My escort is here. I’ll be in touch.”
And just like that, he flashed from the room, leaving only the shield modulator as proof that he’d ever been there.
“Way to make an exit,” Morgan said with a reluctant smile. Fascination and speculation simmered in her expressive gaze.
Nazerel reached over and picked up the shield modulator, turning it this way and that as he studied the unfamiliar device.
Suddenly Ashley’s heart lurched in her chest. “He didn’t tell us how to find my mother.” She scooted to the edge of her chair, but Bandar reached over and took her hand.
“Don’t ask me how he did it, but he passed her signal to my nanites,” Bandar explained. “Calm your mind and I’ll let you sense her.”
“You people are going to drive me to drink.” She closed her eyes and took several deep breaths.
Ready? His presence was a soothing power within her mind.
She nodded, too anxious to speak.
I know you’ll want to call out to her, but Letos is right. We can’t risk her reaction. Just see for yourself that she’s okay and then I’ll pull you back.
Finally calm enough to send her thoughts, she said, All right.
A warm wave of reassurance washed over her before Bandar drew her into his mind. She fought back her excitement and fear, forcing herself to remain as calm as possible. Gradually an unfamiliar pathway opened before her. Fear and confusion rushed across the connection, boiling with intensity. Ashley tensed, her emotions surging in response.
Bandar squeezed her hand. Steady, angel. If she’s afraid, she’s alive. Do you sense any pain?
She didn’t, just a churning ocean of loneliness and the hollow ache of betrayal.
Guilt tore at Ashley’s heart and she instinctively reached for her mother.
Bandar pulled her back and quickly shielded the pathway. “This is not your fault.”
Ashley understood the precaution, but it didn’t keep her from shouting, “We can’t leave her like that! She’s terrified and she blames me for…” Sorrow closed her throat and she couldn’t complete the thought.
Bandar reached for her hand, but she snatched it away. “She’s angry and afraid, but she is unharmed. We have to focus on that and get her off the ship without endangering her further.”
“If it were just Abigail, Nazerel could flash in and bring her back before they had any idea we knew how to find them.”
Ashley heard the “but” in Keyran’s tone and glared at him.
Bandar reached for her hand again so she scooted over to the empty chair next to her. It was obvious she was alone in her priorities. Everyone else was more concerned about the elfin harbinger.
As if to confirm her conclusion, Nazerel said, “Chandar’s involvement makes this much more complicated.”
Tears of anger escaped her eyes and she clasped her hands beneath the table to hide their trembling. “So we just let my mother rot while you plan a rescue for this other person?” She wanted to scream and throw things, but these people were her only hope of ever seeing her mother again.
“Of course not.” Bandar shoved her original chair out of the way and pulled her, new chair and all, back into position beside him. “It will take more planning, but we will get them both back. We would never abandon your mother.”
Shaking with trepidations, she couldn’t hold back the question, “But Chandar’s a harbinger. Is she more important than my mother?”
“Harbingers are another product of the Integration Guild,” Keyran told her, sounding gruff and impatient as usual. “Chandar is rare and extremely powerful, but she’s not more important than your mother.” He swallowed with obvious difficulty then added, “She is, however, in infinitely more danger.”
Bandar covered Ashley’s hands with one of his, drawing her attention. “Your mother is protected by Akim’s goals. She’s a means to an end; it makes no sense to harm her. Chandar is caught in the middle. Akim will expect her to help him, to use her powers to ensure his plan succeeds. Knowing Chandar, she’ll resist him, perhaps even sabotage his efforts.”
“And each act of defiance will result in—” Keyran’s voice cracked and he couldn’t complete the thought.
“Chandar is Keyran’s niece,” Nazerel told her. “Keyran and his brother Kotto vowed to protect her and Danvier when their father was murdered by—”
“The details aren’t important,” Keyran snapped. “All that matters is my vow.”
Again Nazerel offered her more information. “Blood vows are sacred to Rodytes. They must be honored at all costs.”
“I failed her before. I will not fail her now.” Keyran sounded more resolute than ever.
“Danvier is Chandar’s brother, your nephew?” It was a trivial detail, but it momentarily distracted Ashley from her dread, her fear.
Keyran nodded, his gaze shimmering with unshed tears. “He’ll be thrilled to learn she’s alive, but serving Akim is a fate worse than death.” He blinked back the tears and his expression hardened, determination driving back his pain. “You’ve been on that ship. Do I really need to explain why it’s so important that we get her out of there as quickly as possible?”
He was right. Akim was ruthless and his brother was a sadistic pig. Chandar needed rescuing even more than Abagail. Ashley’s soul shuddered with the realization. “Then how do we get them both back?” Her heart fell into a tense yet steady rhythm as she reluctantly accepted the compromise.
Keyran rubbed his chin, apparently sorting through options. Bandar and Nazerel also seemed lost in thought.
“Do you want us to contact Garin?” Morgan asked. “Revealing your position is the last thing we need right now.”
Keyran shook his head. “As long as we stick to audio only, the signal is untraceable.” He heaved a long, ragged sigh and molded his features into an expressionless mask. Ashley watched the transformation with a mixture of compassion and pity. Only years of discipline and loss could instill such a tragic skill. Keyran activated the control panel in front of him and everyone fell silent.
Moments later a deep, male voice filled the room. He spoke in rapid Rodyte, but thanks to Irron, Ashley could now understand what was being said.
Bandar leaned toward her and whispered, “I’ll explain everything when the conversation is finished. We need to keep this fast and focused.”
She nodded, comforted by her secret. It would give her a chance to see if her faith in these people was justified. Bandar had earned her trust, but she wasn’t nearly as sure about Keyran and Nazerel. Her mate trusted them both implicitly, which was to their credit. Still, Ashley was glad for this simple test.
“Your update isn’t due until tomorrow,” Garin stated without any form of greeting. “What’s wrong?”
“Akim snatched Ashley’s mother,” Keyran told him. “Letos has given us a way to track her, but there’s a serious complication.”
“Which is?”
Keyran hesitated. “Is Danvier with you?”
“No. Does he need to be?”
“No. He needs to know what we’ve learned, but I’d rather you break this to him gently.”
“You know I hate this tactful shit. Just spit it out.”
So far they’d proved trustworthy, but Ashley still found it hard to breathe.
“Chandar is alive and Akim has her.”
“Esintaka! Len ti for.” Apparently, there was no direct translation for those words. But his tone was easily capable of communicating his displeasure.
“We have to move and move quickly,” Keyran cautioned. “We’ll only get one shot at this. We need to take it now.”
“Absolutely not,” Garin snapped. “The science team is ready to depart. I’ll send reinforcements as well. You cannot attempt this alone.”
“Respectfully, sir, I disagree.” The tension in Keyran’s face made it obvious that few dared to disagree with General Nox. “A small, targeted strike is the only viable approach to this situation.”
“I’m aware, but you need a much larger support team at the ready in case things go sideways. I can have three ships to you in less than seventy-two hours. You will wait until they arrive.” When Keyran didn’t immediately agree, Garin’s tone changed, becoming more personable. “Keyran, I know what she means to you, but you cannot do this alone.”
“I’m not alone. Bandar and Nazerel are two of the best operatives I’ve ever—”
“You will not risk their lives without proper backup.” The flash of compassion evaporated and he was back in general mode. “Don’t test me on this, Commander Tarr. Unless the situation significantly changes, you will wait until the other ships arrive.”
Static crackled over the speakers. Apparently, Garin had terminated the connection.
“Fuck!”
Ashley cringed. Keyran was still speaking in Rodyte, but her nanites found an English equivalent this time.
“He doesn’t want to wait?” She looked at Bandar as Keyran got up from the table. Bandar narrowed his eyes and she realized her mistake. So much for her surprise.
“You understood that.” It wasn’t a question.
“Irron gave me a translator microchip while Keyran was shouting at you in the hallway.”
“They’re nanites, but close enough. Was there some reason you didn’t tell me?”
She shrugged. “There are advantages to being able to understand what people say when they don’t realize you can. I trust you, but not everyone has earned that privilege.”
He let it go with a stiff nod. “I suppose that’s only fair.”
“You can’t be serious,” Nazerel’s passionate outburst drew their attention back to the others.
Standing near the door but facing the table, Keyran had his hands locked behind his back. “We won’t need backup if we keep this quick and clean.” Without warning, he released his grasp and snatched the shield modulator out of Nazerel’s hand. Then he twisted out of reach as he slipped it into his pocket.
“We’re waiting for backup,” Bandar stressed. “End of discussion.”
Keyran flew around the table and jerked Bandar’s chair back, glaring down at his onetime apprentice. “This is my ship, which makes it my choice. End of discussion!”
Very slowly, Bandar pushed to his feet, reversing their perspective. He towered over the older man as determination etched his features. “Rushing in, filled with rage is how good soldiers die.”
“I can’t lose her again. I can’t…”
Bandar placed his hands on Keyran’s shoulders as the older man shook with barely suppressed emotions. “You won’t lose her. We won’t lose her, but we have to do this the right way.”
Keyran clenched his fists, nostrils flaring as he fought for composure. He took two steps back, obviously needing more space between him and his stubborn colleague. “Can you sense Chandra or just Abigail?” The pain in the old man’s face broke Ashley’s heart.
“Just Abigail, but her signal has been strong and steady. If I sense any change, we’ll immediately contact Garin.”
For a long, tense moment they stared at each other in silence then Keyran shook his head and averted his gaze. “Then we plan every aspect of this rescue. I want you both ready to stream two seconds after those ships arrive.”
“Agreed.”
They returned to their seats and resolute calm gradually replaced the crackling tension.
“Three days,” Keyran muttered, clearly not at peace with his decision. “I’ll go mad if we wait three days.”
“Not if you focus on what’s ahead,” Nazerel suggested. “The ships are identical, which gives us an advantage. We can plan multiple options, be ready for anything they throw at us.”
“Let’s start with the basics,” Keyran said.
Nazerel nodded. “I’ll flash with Bandar into the holding cell and you can use our signal to stream Abigail off the ship. As soon as she’s safe, we’ll go find Chandar. I can make a short jump with two, but I’m not sure I can make it through those shields if I try to teleport all three of us. We need your help or none of this will work.”
“Three?” Ashley objected. “Don’t you mean four? There is no way you’re doing this without me.”
Morgan tapped her thumbs on the tabletop, drawing Ashley’s attention. “I was trained by the FBI and I’d only slow them down on this one. You have to trust them enough to let them do their job.”
“I can’t just sit here and twiddle my thumbs while they…”
Bandar stilled and color drained from his face. Worry rolled across their link a millisecond before Bandar shielded his mind.
“What?” Keyran demanded. “What’s wrong now?”
“I’m not sure.” Bandar looked at Nazerel. “Can you boost the signal? I can barely sense her now.”
Ashley gasped then covered her mouth with her hand, refusing to give in to the panic. Still, she was painfully aware of the stakes. If Bandar lost contact with her mother, they’d have no way of locating the Relentless.
Nazerel stood and hurried around the table, his gaze suddenly blazing with blue light. “Is that better?”
“Yes.” Bandar left his chair and moved toward Nazerel. They faced each other, close yet not touching. “It’s still fluctuating like crazy.”
“Are they jamming the transmission?” Morgan pushed back from the table but remained in her chair.
“I felt a surge right after Letos passed me the link, but I thought it was just stabilizing. The signal had been steady until now.”
“They must have detected the transfer.” Frustration crept into Nazerel’s tone, yet his expression remained calm. “If they locate the com-bot Letos planted on her…” He didn’t need to complete the thought. They all understood the consequences.
“That’s it. We go now,” Keyran declared with absolute finality.
Bandar whipped his head around and glared at Keyran. “We contact Garin and let him—”
“Stop hiding behind your brother!” Keyran’s fist slammed down on the tabletop and he pushed to his feet. “By the time we argue this out with Garin that signal could blink out. He said the order was final unless the situation changed. Well, the situation just changed. We act now.”
Bandar looked at Ashley, conflict clearly written on his handsome features. His gaze searched hers as the urgency inside her swelled. She fought back tears, not wanting to sway his decision. If he agreed to immediate action, he disobeyed a direct order. She had no doubt Rodytes took insubordination seriously. Yet if he hesitated they might lose the ability to locate their target. It was an impossible situation.
He released a sigh then squared his shoulders. “I’m in.”
“Me too,” Nazerel said.
Before Keyran could react to the victory, Bandar insisted, “But Garin must be told what we’re doing and why.”
“After,” Keyran dismissed impatiently.
Bandar refused to bend. He looked at Morgan and asked, “Will you contact Garin and explain the situation.”
“Of course.” She pushed to her feet as Nazerel returned to her side of the table. “Be careful.”
“Always.” He pulled her into his arms for a quick reassuring kiss.
Bandar retraced his steps then pulled Ashley up out of her chair. “I’ll return shortly with your mother and Chandar.”
“Make that return safely and you have yourself a deal.”
He framed her face with his hands and kissed her, flooding her mind with warmth and tenderness. We’ll all return safely. I still owe you a hot fudge sundae.
Be careful, she echoed Morgan’s words.
So Bandar followed suit. Always.
As Bandar reluctantly stepped back, Keyran insisted, “This will work.”
Ashley couldn’t help wondering who he was trying to convince.
* * * * *
Bandar banished the knot of tension gathering between his shoulder blades with practiced determination. “This is such a bad idea,” he muttered under his breath.
“It’s just irrational enough to work,” Nazerel argued. “We’ll make it work. Now, get your head in the game.”
Bandar nodded, knowing his friend was right. He had to be fully committed or the plan was doomed to fail.
Keyran was monitoring the comlinks from the master console in the command center. He knew the Crusader better than anyone, so he was operating the controls himself.
“Commander Tarr,” Bandar called, “turn on Letos’s toy.” If the shield modulator didn’t work the way it had before, the rest of their plans were moot.
They clasped forearms and Bandar lowered his shields, allowing Nazerel to access the fragile connection to Abigail. Nazerel could speak English with the faintest hint of a Rodyte accent, so Bandar encouraged him to make first contact.
It took a moment for Nazerel to find the weakness created by the shield modulator, but he was patient and skilled. Pushing a wave of calm ahead of his words, Nazerel thought, Remain silent and don’t react to my voice. We’re here to rescue you.
Excitement and confusion, liberally mixed with fear, rushed back across the link.
Don’t speak, but whisper in your mind and I’ll be able to hear you.
After an awkward moment, they heard, The…the younger one claims that they have Ashley. Is it true?
No. Ashley’s safe and anxious to see you. Now can you do exactly what I tell you to do?
Of course. Renewed purpose calmed her other emotions.
Two men are going to suddenly appear in the holding cell. Don’t be afraid. I’m one of them.
I’m ready, more than ready.
Bandar switched back to the ship’s frequency and said, “As soon as the beacon activates, stream Abigail out of there.”
“Copy,” Keyran responded.
“Then open the door a little wider,” Nazerel said.
Nazerel’s fingers tightened on Bandar’s arms and then Bandar felt a staggering rush of energy. The flash was instantaneous and precise. They materialized inside the holding cell and Bandar slapped the beacon onto Abigail’s shoulder, activating the signal. A millisecond later Abigail disappeared and Nazerel flashed with Bandar to a little-used corridor near the cargo bays.
They listened and scanned, hearts rapidly thudding. Had they accomplished phase one without setting off an alarm? They’d used all their combined energy to shield themselves during the maneuvers, but they hadn’t been certain it would work.
Silence. Blessed silence greeted their scans.
Find Chandar, Nazerel urged.
As if Bandar needed the reminder. He ignored the flash of irritation and focused on phase two of their plan. Meticulously scanning, he searched inch by inch, room by room, determined to locate their second target.
Seconds passed into minutes and the minutes became excruciating.
Nazerel grew restless beside him, but Bandar tuned everything else out. They were stuck, stranded in this dead-end hall until they—
Excitement rippled across Bandar’s link with Ashley and he cringed. Now was not the time for distractions, not even one as beloved as his mate. He was about to pinch off the link completely when her soft, sweet voice reached his mind.
I can lead you to her. I’ll tell you where to go.
He recognized not only the cadence of her voice, but the pattern of her energy. This was Ashley, but how could she… Rather than attempt to understand how she could possibly know Chandar’s location, he passed the thought to Nazerel.
Nazerel opened his eyes, clearly confused. But he didn’t waste time with questions either.
Turn right at the first corner, Ashley directed.
They each said a silent prayer that this wasn’t some horrible trick and then walked to the corner and turned.
Wait. Not yet. Now! Straight through the intersection then left.
Bandar spotted the reason for her caution as he dashed across the intersecting corridor. Two armed guards were strolling along, lost in conversation. How in hells rings was she doing this?
There’s a utility ladder coming up on the right. Take it up two levels.
Talk about a trust exercise. Bandar didn’t dare interrupt her flow with the questions bombarding his brain. He passed each thought to Nazerel and they both obeyed without hesitation.
Neither had worn weapons, afraid of setting off munitions alarms. If it came to a physical confrontation, they would have to begin by disarming their opponent.
Almost there. There’s a storeroom on your left, three doors down. Get inside, quickly!
They dashed toward the designated door and dove into the storeroom. Not a moment too soon, either. Footsteps passed beyond the door, along with the muffled sound of voices. There were still no alarms, no ripples of urgency.
Bandar remained focused. Overconfidence was just as dangerous as doubt.
She’s locked in the room on the other side of that wall.
Bandar looked at the floor-to-ceiling shelves and frowned.
The other wall. Tell Nazerel to go get her. She’s expecting him.
Nazerel nodded as Bandar passed him the directive then flashed from view.
Bandar blew out a sigh and risked a soft, Thank you, angel.
Nazerel returned almost instantaneously, Chandar in tow.
Excitement surged through Bandar, but he stubbornly suppressed the impulse. They weren’t out of danger yet. They still had to get off the ship.
She offered each man a weak smile, then whispered, “I’ll explain everything, just get me out of here.”
Before Bandar could respond to her plea, the door to the storeroom was flung open and all three occupants were dragged out into the corridor.
Chandar screamed, not in fear but fury.
Nazerel launched a vicious attack on the nearest guard. The man attempted to defend against the lightning-fast offensive, but one good upper cut to his jaw sent the guard crashing to the floor.
Catching movement out of the corner of his eye, Bandar spun and kicked the person squarely in the gut. The soldier dropped to his knees, clutching his middle as his pulse pistol skittered across the floor. Bandar scooped up the weapon, twisted back around and fired at the man attempting to subdue Nazerel.
Chandar huddled against the wall, arms crossed over her chest. Her lips trembled and dread shadowed her gaze, but she remained silent and still.
“You idiots!”
The hateful tone drew Bandar’s head back around as Erkott stepped into the corridor. Bandar narrowed his gaze and widened his stance, welcoming this confrontation. Then he watched in horror as Erkott drew Bandar’s flexblade from the sheath at his side and triggered the transformation from dagger to short sword.
Infuriated by the sight, Bandar let the emotion swell and then abate. He would not be controlled by emotions. It didn’t matter that using another man’s flexblade was a heinous insult, not to mention that Erkott shouldn’t have been able to trigger the morph at all. Flexblades were tuned to the DNA of their user. Somehow the bastard had hacked the programming. None of it mattered. He would have his weapon back soon enough.
Tucking the pulse pistol into the back of his pants, he focused on retrieving his most prized possession. Erkott tossed the sword from hand to hand, mocking Bandar with the flourish.
“I’m going to slit your throat with your own blade and then I’m going to fuck the harbinger—again!”
Bandar ignored the despicable boast and emptied his mind of everything but his goal. He watched, silently waiting for Erkott to attack. The idiot was sloppy and overconfident. The best way to defeat him was with ruthless patience.
“Come on,” Erkott urged, assuring Bandar he was on the right path. “Are you afraid of a little pain?”
The unmistakable sound of flesh connecting with flesh indicated that Nazerel had found another opponent. Chandar cried out and still Bandar kept his gaze fixed on Erkott.
With all the grace of a charging bull, Erkott attacked. Bandar trapped Erkott’s arm against his side and slammed his hand down just above his wrist. Erkott yelled and twisted wildly, trying to free his arm.
Bandar spun, slamming Erkott into the wall as he struck the exact same spot over and over. His hand throbbed, but he ignored the pain. Erkott jabbed him with his elbow and stomped on his foot, but Bandar continued to deepen the impact on his forearm. Finally, Erkott’s fingers released and the flexblade dropped from his grasp. Bandar caught it in midair, stepped back and turned so he faced Erkott.
Erkott held his injured arm, glaring at Bandar in impotent rage.
Chandar cried out again and Bandar turned his head, trying to ascertain the danger.
Erkott leapt for the sword, but Bandar lunged, thrusting the blade into Erkott’s heart with lethal accuracy. Firmly grasping the hilt, Bandar raised his foot and kicked Erkott backward, dislodging the sword as Erkott collided with the wall and then slid to the floor, blood staining his shirt, eyes staring blank and lifeless.
Bandar instinctively tried to morph the blade back into a dagger, but the flexblade wouldn’t respond to his touch. Forcing the final insult aside, Bandar ran to help the others. Nazerel was grappling with a soldier. Two others lay unconscious at his feet.
Bandar aimed his flexblade at the soldier, meaning to launch a pulse of energy, but again the weapon wouldn’t respond to him. With a frustrated curse, he reached back and retrieved the pistol from his pants. Before Bandar could take aim, Nazerel shoved his opponent sideways and Chandar leapt back in an effort to avoid the combatants.
“No!” Bandar’s warning came half a second too late. Akim rounded the corner and grabbed Chandar by the hair. She screamed, kicking and twisting. Despite the doubtlessly painful grip on her hair, she continued to fight her tormentor.
Nazerel violently twisted the head of the soldier. A sickening crack echoed as the body dropped. Nazerel spun around and froze.
Akim had a knife pressed to Chandar’s throat. Blood oozed out around the blade. “Drop the flexblade or she dies.”
Go! She shouted in their minds, her hopelessness echoing like a silent scream.
Akim’s crew advanced from both ends, rapidly filling the corridor.
A burst of energy whizzed past Bandar’s head, narrowly missing his ear.
Nazerel reached for Bandar’s arm.
“No! I will not leave her!” He twisted away.
“We can’t save her if we’re dead.” Nazerel clasped Bandar’s shoulder in an unbreakable grasp.
Bandar fought like a man possessed, but Nazerel teleported them both back to the other ship.
* * * * *
Ashley indulged in a happy cry as Bandar and Nazerel materialized in the corner of the conference room. But her joy evaporated almost as quickly as it had formed. “Where’s Chandar?”
Abigail sat in one of the chairs, eyes wide and tear-bright. “Oh no.”
Without speaking a word, Bandar ran across the room and threw open the door leading to the command center. Nazerel was on his heels.
Pausing only long enough to squeeze her mother’s hand, Ashley rushed after the men. She stayed in the doorway, however, watching without attempting to interfere. The control center of the ship was awe-inspiring. Everywhere she looked she encountered something more wondrous. A massive display stretched across the front wall like an IMAX theater screen. Crew members utilized holographic displays and interactive virtual control panels. She could only guess at what most of it did, but it was all impressive.
“Fire at will,” Keyran shouted in Rodyte, face bright red, teeth bared.
“There’s nothing to target!” One of the crewmembers responded just as vehemently.
A flash of light momentarily revealed the silhouette of a ship off to their right.
“There!” Keyran pointed at the distortion.
An energy pulse struck and the ship shuddered, groaning like a wounded animal. Ashley tensed, horrified by the sound. Were Rodyte ships biomechanical? She’d never thought to ask.
The Crusader returned fire, but the Relentless had repositioned and the energy bursts arced off into the blackness of space.
“Find them!” Keyran screamed as he threw up his hands in exasperation.
Bandar joined the frustrated man who seemed to be the focus of Keyran’s rants. They worked together in silent cooperation and launched several rapid blasts in a sort of scatter pattern. They were blindly throwing darts at a wall and hoping something stuck. Some of the projectiles found their marks with minimal impact, but more missed completely.
“If we can’t see them, why can they see us?” Abigail stood a step back, but she could obviously see enough to understand what was happening. Morgan stood beside her, looking even more concerned than Abigail.
The question sent dread crashing over Ashley and she covered her mouth with her hand.
“It’s me, isn’t it? They did something to me.”
Apparently realizing the same thing, Nazerel sprinted across the command deck and pushed past Ashley.
“Don’t be afraid,” Morgan said. It was the only warning Abigail got before Nazerel grabbed her head with both hands.
She gasped then cried out, but didn’t struggle.
“It’s in her bloodstream,” he shouted. “I can’t disable it.” Without further explanation, he ran back into the control center.
The ship rocked violently to one side then shook with the force of a multi-blast barrage.
“We have to jump!” Bandar looked at Keyran then screamed, “Now!”
With obvious reluctance Keyran flew through a rapid series of gestures and verbal commands. “Brace for hyper-space jump.” His command echoed throughout the ship an instant before reality exploded into blinding ribbons of light.

Epilogue

“Are the men in trouble for rescuing me?” Abigail asked as she sipped her iced tea. “Everyone was acting so strangely.” She gazed around the central court in obvious wonder, her hands still shaking.
Ashley looked at Morgan before she answered. After Irron purged Abigail’s bloodstream of the nano-trackers, he extracted the com-bot and made sure Akim hadn’t harmed her in any other way. Then Nazerel suggested they take her somewhere quiet so she could acclimate to her new surroundings. Ashley wasn’t sure the social center of the ship qualified as quiet, but it was better than the palpable tension up on the command deck.
“They’re not in trouble for rescuing you, Mom. They’re in trouble for when and how they did it. They were told to wait for backup, but they chose to rush in instead. It’s likely there will be some sort of punishment.”
“Commander Tarr will take the brunt of it,” Morgan said, her voice husky, her expression troubled.
Abigail looked at Morgan, clearly upset by the comment. “Ashley said the com-bot was malfunctioning. They were afraid they’d lose contact with the ship.”
“The bot was functioning perfectly when Irron removed it,” Morgan reminded her. “That’s not going to help their case.”
“But that poor girl.” Abigail’s wide green eyes, so like Ashley’s, reflected compassion and worry. “Commander Tarr was right to send them in. I only saw her for a minute, but it was obvious she’d been abused, probably tortured.”
“That’s part of the problem. They weren’t willing to risk losing your signal, but the second half of their plan failed. If they’d waited for backup, Chandar might be free right now. Instead, she’s still Akim’s prisoner and Bandar and Nazerel were lucky to escape unharmed.” Ashley reached across the small table and covered her mother’s hand. “They haven’t given up. They will rescue Chandar, but this is a mess.”
“I still agree with the decision,” Morgan stressed.
“So do I,” Ashley objected. “I was just trying to help Mom understand the situation.”
“You were not harmed in any way?” Morgan asked for the second time. There were forms of abuse that wouldn’t show up on a medical scanner. Abigail looked fatigued and bedraggled, yet there wasn’t a mark on her.
“I was terrified and confused, but that’s nothing.” She shook her head and blinked back tears. “I can’t get that poor girl’s face out of my mind. They should have gone after her first.”
“They knew your exact location,” Ashley said. “I had to lead them to Chandar once I knew you were safe.”
“How were you able to do that?” Morgan tilted her head as she added, “The only people I’ve seen who can mind share like that are identical twins.”
“Close, but not exactly.” Ashley summoned a shaky smile, knowing where this subject would lead. “Apparently, Pyre Sterling is Chandar’s mother. And Chandar’s abilities are extraordinary. Akim has no idea what she can really do.”
Morgan nodded, easily anticipating the rest. “So Irron was right. It was Pyre’s DNA your father used to heal you all those years ago.”
After confirming Morgan’s conclusion with a nod, Ashley braced for the truth and looked at her mother. “How much of this did you know before you were kidnapped?”
Abigail immediately looked away. “I knew Daniel was breaking ethical and legal laws, but I had no idea he was cavorting with aliens.”
She was lying. Ashley knew her mother well enough to recognize the signs, the tension around her mouth and her averted gaze. She wasn’t surprised, but she was disappointed. “Maybe in the beginning. When did you figure it out?”
“You were so adamant that it was real, so I started digging through files and following my worthless husband. I didn’t want to believe what I saw. I knew it had just about destroyed you, but…” She shook her head without lifting her gaze. “I think I always knew.”
Hearing her admit it was a wonderful relief, but it made her even harder to forgive. “You let me rot in that mental hospital for almost a year, knowing I wasn’t crazy?” Each word was filled with accusation and pain, but Ashley was unable to soften her tone.
Abigail finally looked up, but her expression was carefully guarded. “I was terrified they’d come after us. Your insanity protected you. No one took you seriously, so you weren’t a threat.”
There was a twisted sort of logic in the position, but Ashley had been deeply changed by her months in that facility. She’d become withdrawn and suspicious, pushing everyone away. It had taken her many years, and one extraordinary friend named Raina Solano to draw Ashley out of her self-imposed isolation.
“I never wanted to hurt you.” Her mother sounded genuinely sorry, but was her regret enough? “I didn’t know what else to do.”
Resentment and bitterness only made Ashley more miserable. No one could change the past, but how she reacted in the present would define her future. She needed to forgive her mother or she would never be able to move on.
Ashley went to Abigail and knelt beside her chair. “Do you believe me now?” She ended the question with a beaming smile and they embraced. Abigail clung to her, crying softly.
“I’m so sorry, baby. I’m so sorry.”
She stroked her mother’s hair and let her cry. “I love you, Mom, and I know you love me. The rest will stay in the past where it belongs.”
It felt surprising and empowering to be the comforter for a change. She felt so much stronger now, so much more secure. She could offer forgiveness and warmth because she was surrounded by affection and support. And she could sum up the change with one word, Bandar.
* * * * *
The Crusader rendezvoused with the other three ships before returning to Earth. Bandar contacted Garin from his cabin, hoping for a private word with his older brother. Unfortunately, General Nox responded to the telepathic ping. Bandar asked if Garin had made his decision about the consequences of their disobedience, but Garin refused to tell Bandar anything.
Keyran deserves to hear it first, Garin told Bandar. Tell him to be in the conference room in ten minutes. My representatives will arrive shortly.
Do you want me there as well? He dreaded the answer. The entire situation had been a fiasco and he’d played an active part in the events.
You, Ashley, Nazerel and Morgan. Everyone needs to be on the same page from this point on. Am I understood?
Yes, sir. May I say one thing before you go?
It won’t change the outcome.
Bandar had to try. Keyran didn’t make the decision alone. I was just as—
Keyran commanded the mission. He is ultimately responsible for what transpired.
Yes, sir. It was obvious Garin had made up his mind. Arguing at this point would only piss him off.
Bandar closed the link with a sigh. There was nothing he could do to soften the blow for his old friend, so he decided it was best to just face it head-on. It had been a gamble either way. If they’d succeeded or if the com-bot had blinked out, they would have been heroes. Instead, it was pretty obvious that Keyran was about to lose his command.
With a heavy heart, Bandar notified everyone that  Garin had requested and told them to gather in the conference room.
“What should I do with my mother?” Ashley asked. “She’s still pretty rattled.”
“This shouldn’t take long. Ask her to wait in my cabin.”
Ashley agreed, so Bandar made his way to the conference room. He was the first to arrive, but the others joined him a few minutes later.
“Did you get a preview of my fate?” Keyran took a seat next to Morgan, avoiding his usual place at the head of the table.
“I tried, but General Nox was not in the mood to indulge his little brother.”
Keyran nodded. “I know my career is over, but I’d do it again.” He looked into Bandar’s eyes, his expression resigned. “You don’t think Garin will—”
“This will not cost you your life.” A general was within his rights to order an execution when lives were lost as a result of insubordination. There had been one casualty during the brief battle and six others had been severely injured. Still, Bandar couldn’t believe that was what Garin had in mind.
Bandar sat beside Ashley and waited for Garin’s “representatives” to arrive.
He didn’t have long to wait. The door slid open and Raylon Lasenger strode into the room, followed by Kotto Tarr, Keyran’s younger brother. They were dressed in armor as if they were going to war rather than conducting a meeting. Raylon looked grim and brutal, as always. He’d served with Garin longer than anyone else and Bandar wasn’t surprised to see him. Raylon was a problem solver, the sort to sweep in and clean up other people’s messes. The right side of his face had been sliced open from forehead to chin during a battle twelve years ago. He wore the scar like a badge of honor, refusing to have his face regenerated.
“I’ll get right to it.” He didn’t bother siting down. Instead, he stood at the head of the table and clasped his hands behind his back, looking directly at Keyran as he spoke. “Keyran Tarr, by the authority granted to General Garin Nox by the Rodyte Planetary Defense Force, you are relieved of duty and shall be confined to the detention level until a guarded transport delivers you to the Undaunted for final sentencing. Do you require an escort?”
“I do not.” Without making eye contact with anyone else, Keyran left the room.
Raylon motioned Kotto forward until they stood side-by-side. Kotto was a bit taller, but Raylon was more muscular. Both had wavy dark hair and angular features. The rings in Raylon’s eyes were green, while Kotto’s were vivid purple.
Bandar wasn’t sure if this made it better or worse. Would Keyran be relieved or angry when he learned that he’d been replaced by his brother? Bandar didn’t know Kotto well, though his reputation was exemplary. Like Bandar, Kotto had been offered his own command and he’d chosen to remain on the Undaunted with Garin. Apparently, that was about to change.
“Everyone stand.” Raylon waited until they obeyed before turning back to Kotto. “Raise your right hand.”
With an expressionless mask concealing his reaction, Kotto raised his hand.
“Repeat after me,” Raylon prompted. “I, Kotto Tarr.”
“I, Kotto Tarr.”
“Do solemnly swear to support and defend Rodymia against all enemies.”
Kotto repeated each stanza, his voice strong yet mechanical.
Bandar watched him closely, trying to ascertain his mood. The Crusader was a fine ship, coveted my many. Still, Kotto had to be tormented by the circumstances that brought him to this point.
“I will obey the orders of my superior officers and shall demand obedience from those subordinate to me.” The stipulation felt particularly weighty after what had happened today, but Kotto spoke the words without hesitation.
“I shall uphold this office to the best of my abilities and offer up all my strength, according to the Uniform Codes governing the Rodyte Planetary Defense Force.”
After Kotto completed the final vow, Raylon snapped to attention. “May the gods protect you and welcome you into the afterlife when your work on Rodymia is done. Congratulations, Commander Tarr.”
Kotto accepted the traditional greeting with a solemn nod and then the others showed their support with respectful applause. It wasn’t Kotto’s fault that any of this was happening.
“Congratulations,” Nazerel said as the clapping died down.
“Thank you.” Kotto’s mask slipped for just a second and Bandar saw the emotions Kotto was struggling to suppress. Anger, worry and anticipation all twisted in a conflicted mess.
“We’re not finished.” Raylon motioned Kotto toward one of the empty chairs as he sat down at the head of the table. “Now that the official nonsense is over, let’s get down to business. Garin anticipates resistance to the new leadership. Many of these men have served Keyran Tarr exclusively.” He looked at Kotto, gaze bright and assessing. “You’re going to have to prove that you deserve this position.”
“I expect nothing less from Rodytes and I welcome the challenge.”
“Good.” That seemed to settle the subject, so Raylon moved on. “I’ve been assigned to oversee all four ships. The commanders will now answer to me and I’ll answer to Garin. Each ship will have its own mission and I’m to keep everyone on task.”
“What’s the Crusader’s mission?” Kotto asked.
“You’ll return to Earth and ascertain the location of the Relentless. However, once the ship is found, Chandar’s rescue will be undertaken by one of the other ships. You’re too damn close to the situation to be objective.”
Kotto glared, clearly infuriated by the decision. “Then who?”
“I’m not sure. Garin was still debating when I left.”
“What will we be doing?” Kotto failed to conceal his annoyance.
“Reopening Lunar 9.”
“You’ve got to be kidding.” Bandar spoke the words reflected in the expressions of Kotto and Nazerel. The females just looked confused. “That outpost was deserted over thirty years ago.”
“It was fully functional when it was shut down,” Raylon asserted. “Garin has no reason to believe it can’t be reactivated with minimal effort.”
“What is Lunar 9?” Ashley asked.
“It’s a scientific outpost inside Earth’s moon,” Raylon told her casually.
She gaped at him. “There’s a Rodyte outpost inside Earth’s moon?”
“Several actually,” he admitted with a cheeky smile. “Lunar 9 was the last and largest.”
“Unbelievable.” There was so much hostility in Morgan’s tone that Nazerel reached over and took her hand. “This is the first I’ve heard of it. Do Rodytes understand what alliance means?”
Raylon chuckled. “You’re Director Hoyt, I take it?”
“I am.”
“I’ve heard a lot about you. I’m Raylon Lasenger.”
“Garin’s enforcer.” Nazerel’s light tone did nothing to defuse the tension building around them.
Raylon shrugged, clearly unconcerned with the title. “Garin’s ready to start moving forward. Things on Rodymia are deteriorating faster than anticipated, so we need to start making preparations.”
“Preparations for what?” Uncertainty rippled across their link as Ashley glanced at Bandar.
“Arrival of the battle born.”
Ashley shot to her feet. “I knew it! You are invading. This is what you’ve been planning all along.” She glared at Bandar, then Raylon, and suddenly their empathic link slammed shut. Apparently, his nanites were responding to her brainwaves now. It was doubtful she even realized what she’d done.
Raylon’s smile didn’t warm his eyes as he motioned her back down in her seat. “Relax, Ms. Kane. We’re a long way from an ‘invasion’, but I won’t lie to you. We’re the vanguard for a much larger force. We’re looking for allies not adversaries and there’s a lot we can offer humans in exchange for access to willing females. Do I need to say that part again? We are only interested in creating bonds with willing females. But regardless of the complications, the battle born will no longer tolerate being manipulated and abused.”
She just stared at Raylon in mutinous silence.
Taking advantage of the opening, Bandar asked, “What’s going to happen to Keyran once he’s returned to the Undaunted?”
“He’ll be reassigned to a position with less responsibility. Garin loves the old man. You of all people know how much they mean to each other. But Keyran screwed up. Garin had no choice but to make an example out of him. Orders must be obeyed or the entire system falls apart. Frankly, you’re damn lucky he focused his ire on Keyran. He was justified in recalling all three of you.”
“I understand.” The situation hadn’t been black and white. If he’d lost Abigail’s signal, they might never have located the Relentless again. Still, he understood Raylon’s position. They’d greatly increased the risk by acting on impulse.
Raylon pushed back from the table and stood then turned toward Kotto. “I’d like to use the Crusader as my headquarters, as long as you have no objections.”
It was a courtesy and everyone knew it. “Of course, sir,” Kotto replied. “Will you require staff as well?”
“They’ve already been selected. We arrived on the Intrepid, but their mission will keep them on the move. It makes more sense for me to be on the Crusader. My staff can double up, which means I’ll need three cabins including my own.”
“That won’t be a problem.” Their conversation continued as they left the conference room.
“That was—unexpected.” Nazerel muttered as he pushed to his feet.
“Not really.” Bandar sighed as he stood as well. “Even Keyran knew Garin would have to replace him.”
“I meant Lunar 9. Why wake it up after all these years?”
“Neutral ground?” Morgan suggested. “It will give them a place to set up shop while they negotiate with…” She looked at Bandar, eyes narrowed. “Do you know which government General Nox plans to approach?”
Bandar shook his head and crossed his arms over his chest. “Garin has been frustratingly tightlipped lately. I don’t think he’s intentionally keeping things from me. He’s just incredibly busy.”
Apparently tired of looking up at their men, the females both stood.
“Well, he’s playing two roles, rebel leader and loyal general,” Morgan reminded. “That’s a lot to juggle even for a Nox.”
After a thoughtful pause, Nazerel asked, “How well do you know Kotto?”
“I know of him more than actually knowing him. He’s Keyran’s baby brother. We’ve never really interacted. But I trust my brother. If Garin thought Kotto was the best man for the job, then I’ll give him the benefit of a doubt.”
Suddenly, curiosity animated Nazerel’s expression and he looked at Ashley. “You never told us how you did it. How were you able to guide us through the ship?”
“Pyre Sterling is Chandar’s mother,” Morgan told the men. “Chandar sensed a blood relative and activated a familial connection with Ashley. Then she used Ashley’s link with Bandar to—”
“But she wasn’t just mind sharing.” The more Bandar thought about the specifics of what Chandar had done, the more impossible it seemed. “She was aware of where I was and everything that was happening around me.”
“She’s an organic female harbinger,” Nazerel stressed each word in the impressive list. “It’s likely she doesn’t even know the full extent of her powers.”
A surge of guilt and sympathy reopened their empathic link and Bandar swept Ashley into a comforting hug. “Oh, angel, this was not your fault.”
“Your connection to Chandar is likely our only hope of finding her again,” Nazerel stressed. ”And we will find her again.”
Ashley looked into Bandar’s eyes and found the strength to smile. “Because we won’t stop looking until we do?”
“Exactly.” He reinforced the claim with a tender kiss.
“Let’s give them some privacy.” Without waiting for Nazerel to agree, Morgan dragged him from the room.
Bandar rested his hands on her hips, leaving enough space between them so they could see each other’s faces. “So, have you ever wanted to visit the moon?”
She smiled then laughed, her joy curling into his mind. “You’re serious?”
“I completed my mission. Not only does the research team have Daniel Kane’s documentation, they have samples from his primary test subject. Until General Nox defines my next mission, I’m just along for the ride.”
“I’d love to explore the moon with you, as long as we take my mother home first.” She shook her head with a guilty smile. “I love her dearly and would have died if anything happened to her, but she knows how to push my buttons like no one else.”
“I’m pretty sure that can be arranged.” He smoothed her hair back from her face as her features tensed.
“What about Chandar?”
“I haven’t forgotten about Chandar.” He moved his hands to her shoulders and pulled her closer. “Now that Garin knows she’s alive, no force in the universe will protect Akim. Chandar will be rescued and we will play a part. However, that part will likely be less direct than it was before.”
“And you’re okay with that?”
“Military life quickly teaches you that you won’t always be the one to lead the charge. That doesn’t make you less valuable than the person who does.”
She moved even closer, wrapping her arms around his waist. “So where does this leave us?”
“We can shape our future however we want. That’s the point of all this. We’re attempting to give battle born sons new and different options.”
“But those options can’t be paid for at the expense of human females.”
He eased her back and framed her face with his hands. “Have I taken advantage of you?”
“No, but—”
“But nothing. Each battle born son must find his mate before any of this means anything. If he senses his true mate, he will feel for her the way I feel for you. These things cannot be faked and they cannot be forced. We are no danger to human females.”
“I want to believe that so badly.”
“Why would you doubt my words when you’ve experienced it for yourself?”
She hesitated a moment longer, then blew out a shaky breath. “It always comes down to trust, doesn’t it? I have to trust that you’ll protect my people because they’re important to me.”
“That’s a good reason, but I’ll give you an even better one. I will protect your people because they’re the best hope my people have of building a future far different from the one we’re allowed on Rodymia. We’re in this together, which is as it should be for mates.”
She wrapped her arms around him again and pressed her face against his chest. “I know you have things you should be doing, but I can hardly believe we survived. Can you hold me for just a little while?”
He picked her up and kissed her with all the love overflowing his heart. Regardless of the pressures demanding my time, angel, I will always make time for you.

Book Two
Kotto and Raina’s story
Coming later this year!

Find out how it all began.

Shadow Assassins, Book One
Royal Obsession
Cyndi Friberg
FREE download at many retailers!

Radical separatists, created at the onset of the Great Conflict, have been made obsolete by years of peace. They live in their subterranean Shadow Maze and only emerge when it’s time to breed. For Varrik, that time is now.

Varrik, current leader of the Shadow Assassins, knows his people are on the verge of extinction. If they cannot adapt, they will die. Yet if his son were a direct descendant of the High Queen it would secure a place for future generations. Protecting his people is his first priority, so Varrik assembles a hunting party and kidnaps the royal twins. He is determined to claim the eldest for his own.

Echo, the younger princess, knows her pampered sister will never survive the sexual appetites of their virile captor. Echo doesn’t understand the powerful attraction she feels for Varrik, but drawing his attention is a far better choice than allowing him to overwhelm her twin. She doesn’t expect to find him fascinating or to crave the demanding passion he ignites. Can a dominating warrior and his willing captive bring light to the Shadow Maze?



Royal Obsession
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Copyright © 2013 Cyndi Friberg.

With concentrated effort, Echo eased out of her sister’s mind and shielded her end of the link. She collided with Lor dar Joon and gasped. His large hands clasped her upper arms, steadying her until she regained her footing.
“Your face is flushed and your expression dreamy.” A knowing smile parted his lips. “Either you were having very naughty thoughts, or E’Lanna is with Zane—again.”
Lor had been her father’s apprentice until he completed his training four cycles ago. Echo had spent half her childhood enamored with him, yet she had come to think of him as a close friend by the time she saw male appreciation in his eyes. Her mother, High Queen Charlotte, would doubtlessly welcome a match between them. The House of Joon had resented the House of Aune for centuries. The hostilities escalated with frustrating regularity, despite Charlotte’s best efforts to establish lasting peace.
“Did Father send you after me?” She smoothed the heavily embroidered material of her bodice against her ribs, her senses still humming. Strolling to a nearby tree, she leaned against the trunk, needing the stability at her back. Her teasing tastes of passion had never produced the sort of emotions E’Lanna enjoyed with Zane.
Lor moved closer, the wind playing through his curly blond hair. “As a matter of fact, he did. You shouldn’t be out here alone.”
“I’m not alone.” She glanced up at him and offered her best flirtatious smile. “I have you to protect me.”
He placed his hands on either side of her shoulders, his turquoise gaze searching her face. “What makes you think you’re safe with me?”
“You would never do anything to displease Father.” A note of disappointment bled through in her tone.
“Unlike Zane?” He brushed her cheek with his knuckles then reluctantly stepped back. “Are they out here, or were you entertaining wicked thoughts?”
“I was enjoying the sunset,” she claimed with innocent bravado.
“But you’d rather be enjoying passionate kisses and bold caresses?” A strand of her hair flitted against her check. He tucked it behind her ear, his fingers lingering against her skin. “Will you stop moping if I kiss you?”
“I am not moping!” She averted her gaze. Lor was handsome and experienced, intelligent and kind. She had often wondered what it would feel like to kiss him. With a deep chuckle, he pulled her into his arms and pressed his mouth over hers. She wrapped her arms around his back and parted her lips, waiting for the first brush of his tongue.
He took his time, nibbling at her lips and tracing her mouth with the tip of his tongue. When he finally delved into her mouth, she was panting and restless. His tongue stroked hers, traced her teeth, then stroked hers some more. She waited for the knee-melting heat, the rush of tingling fire E’Lanna felt each time Zane kissed her. Lor’s mouth was warm, his body strong, but the kiss was no more than pleasant.
Some unseen force slammed Lor forward, knocking Echo against the tree. She yelped. He groaned then sank to his knees. He was jarred sideways and flipped onto his stomach. He went wild, kicking and thrashing as unseen hands restrained him. Echo screamed, reaching out with her mind. Lor bucked and heaved against the ground. Fire erupted around him, triggered by his pyrokinetic gift.
E’Lanna’s mind reflected Echo’s fear. Was the same thing happening to E’Lanna, or was she reacting to Echo’s terror? Lor’s hands were trapped beneath him, while the grass around him sizzled. Did the assailants know he could throw fire?
She was dragged away from the tree, her attackers vague distortions against the coming night. Invisible arms wrapped around her, pulling her tight against a tangible body. They were real. She just couldn’t see them.
E’Lanna’s emotions prevented Echo from reaching farther. She screamed again, but they were far from the visitors’ hall.
Sound swelled, building from a distant buzz to a deafening roar as a transport conduit swallowed her whole. Light blinded her, then oppressive darkness closed in, compressing her chest and weighting her limbs. She trembled in her captor’s arms, lacking the breath to speak, much less fight.
The pressure eased, but the darkness remained. She blinked rapidly, struggling to bring anything into focus. Hands pushed her to her knees, and a gruff voice activated a row of firestones set high in the barren walls.
Light flashed again, and E’Lanna appeared, trapped between two burly men. She was forced to her knees beside Echo. The men took up positions within easy reach of their prisoner.
Are you hurt? Echo sent the question directly to E’Lanna’s mind.
No. Are you? E’Lanna covered her mouth with her hand, her shoulders shaking.
Don’t speak out loud, and don’t react to my thoughts.
One of the villains materialized in front of E’Lanna. Tall and lean, with rawboned features and fierce eyes, he took E’Lanna’s chin and forced her to raise her face. “Which one are you?”
Don’t answer him!
His dark head whipped around, and his gaze collided with Echo’s. Pitch-black, his pupils and irises were separated by an intense blue ring. Blue strands threaded through his long black hair. Rodyte! They’d been kidnapped by the Rodytes.
“I can sense telepathic communication.” He strolled toward her, his expression insolent. “If you have something to say, say it out loud.”
She raised her chin and looked away, her lips pressed into a mutinous line.
Warm and unexpected, his deep, rumbling laughter rolled across her senses. He curved his fingers around her chin and turned her head until she looked into his eyes.
“Hello, Echo. Silence can’t disguise that fiery temper.” He motioned toward E’Lanna without taking his gaze from Echo’s face. “Take that one to my room.”
“No!” The word burst from Echo before she could stop the impulse.
He arched one dark brow and pulled her to her feet. “Are you volunteering to take her place? I hadn’t expected you to be so eager.”
Echo, don’t. At least I know what to expect. I won’t let this beast be your first.
Before she could correct E’Lanna’s misconception, their captor spoke again. With his hands still encircling Echo’s upper arms, he looked at E’Lanna. “If we hadn’t arrived when we did, some blond Mystic would have been her first. She was all but begging him to take her when we found them in the moonlight.”
Echo gasped. He couldn’t just sense telepathic communication, he could hear every word.
“This one was with a man as well,” one of E’Lanna’s captors volunteered. “From the way they were going at it, I don’t think it was her first time.”
The fierce-eyed man nodded. “Then take E’Lanna to a holding cell. She can’t be mounted until after she bleeds again. Pass the word. No one is to touch her.”
Echo felt the blood drain from her face. They wanted to make sure E’Lanna wasn’t pregnant before they “mounted” her? That meant they intended to keep them for weeks, perhaps longer. Echo couldn’t succumb to the terror surging through her mind. She had to think, strategize. Where were they? Why had they been taken? The last question sent a shudder down her spine. Why was pretty damn obvious—they were here to be “mounted”.
E’Lanna was dragged from the room by two of the men who had abducted her. Could all of them create invisibility shields?
“Let’s go.” The leader nodded toward the doorway.
Echo laughed. Let’s not. It was irrational to think she was going to stroll off to his bedchamber to be raped. He didn’t react to her laughter or the accompanying thought. Apparently it was only telepathic transmissions he could intercept.
“You’re going to be a lot more trouble than your sister, aren’t you?”
“You have no idea.”
About the Author

Anything-but-Ordinary is Cyndi’s creed and her writing reflects her dedication to the concept. She writes in a variety of genres, but seems happiest in outer space. Her books have been nominated for numerous awards, and Taken by Storm was named Best Fantasy/Science Fiction Romance of the year by Romance Reviews Today.

She lives in Colorado with her high school sweetheart turned husband of many years. With a pampered cat curled on the corner of her desk, she dreams of fascinating words and larger than life adventures—and wouldn't have it any other way!

Website / Blog: http://www.cyndifriberg.com

Other Titles by
Cyndi Friberg

Beyond Ontariese:
Taken by Storm
Operation Hydra
City of Tears
Mystic Flame
Fire Pearl
Consort

Shadow Assassins:
Royal Obsession
Mystic Militia
Alpha Hunter
Fallen Star
Unique Ink
Rebel Heat

Rebel Angels:
Rage and Redemption
Echoes and Embers
Splendor and Darkness

Non-series:
Tears of the Dragon
Tainted Hearts

Therian Heat:
Therian Priestess
Therian Prey
Therian Promise
Therian Prisoner
Therian Prize
