Prologue
1521

Magic jolts through Mary, the first of her kind and earth-bound representative of the Goddess. Prophecies of the future—the near future, in fact—explode in her mind and her eyes jerk open. 
Tomorrow, two powerful spells will cast, deepening the war between witches and vampires. Mary’s wistful sigh carries over the glistening pond in front of her. The hate needs to end. If only she could interfere more directly, but the Goddess would have her magic for doing so. 
As if summoned, the Goddess’s melodious voice floats in with the warm, summer breeze. Daughter, she greets. Her winds ruffle the strands of Mary’s golden hair. 
“Goddess.”  
Your hopes are answered. I am here to provide you with three tasks. The interspecies wars need to conclude, as there is too much bloodshed. My witches are dying with no gain.
Mary’s head goes up, alert. “What will you have me do?” 
You have seen what tomorrow will bring. Let the future unfold, because it is those precise spells that will alter the association between witches and vampires. It will transform the warring relationship into something more unifying. Your first task is to ensure this is seen through.
The glittering pond ripples, leaving behind an image occurring sometime in the far future, based on the clothing they wear. A man—the same man seen in one of tomorrow’s visions—embraces a woman with long, red hair. A Sinclair witch. That red hair has represented their fiery magic for centuries. His face nuzzles into her neck and at closer inspection, his fangs scrape her skin. 
As the image settles upon the water, the Goddess speaks again. There is a witch…A witch from a fiery coven, with red hair. There is a vampire. A vampire who exists in darkness and feels only darkness. Together, they will make up the first fated pair and will rule the two groups into the future. Together, she will find herself again and he will be undone.
Mary’s eyes bulge at the image in the pond and the prophecy she listens to. “Interesting, Goddess, very interesting. Seems like quite the millennia it shall be. What do I need to do?” Her stomach flutters in anticipation. Helping witches gives Mary purpose.
Instead of responding, more images flow over the water. Clips of the same vampire over the course of time, and his resistance to the truth and his future. 
He will be your challenge, the Goddess declares. Your first task will also be your most taxing. Good luck, daughter.
The warm air dissipates into a cool breeze as the Goddess leaves Mary to her own deliberations and growing plans. She closes her eyes again and lets the future wash over her. The future which starts with tomorrow…
***
The next day, the attack is the catalyst for fate’s change.
	The vampire leaps from where she hovers, hidden in the shadows of the trees. Her claw-like nails sink into the witch’s side as she brings them both crashing to the ground. She shoves the witch’s face into the dirt as her two needlepointed fangs sink into the witch’s neck. Her prey thrashes against the bite, arms flailing, but she is nothing against immortal strength. Ice-cold hands press her wrists into the ground as the teeth bite deeper. 
Gulps of blood flow from her into the vampire’s mouth and between the weakening of her body and the hands holding her, she stops fighting back, welcoming the sweet sensation of peace that hovers right there in her mind. Her eyes slide shut for what feels like the final time. 
“Elizabeth!” the voice of her sister calls out to her. Clarice Sinclair rushes into the clearing, a spell sizzling on her fingertips. 
The teeth rip from her throat with a snarl, and Elizabeth cries out at the tearing of her skin. The weight of the body disappears and a hoarse cry floats from close by. She turns her head to the side and slowly pries open her eyes, forcing them against the striking pain. Only a few feet from her, Clarice has her attacker pinned to the ground with a spell. Her expression is tight and fury is distinct over the glow emitting from her. The vampire fights against the invisible bonds pinning her to the ground while her blood-stained mouth is pried open, fangs protruding, in a silent scream. 
Elizabeth, being new in the art of defensive magic, can’t identify the spell Clarice is using, but it exudes the scent of victory. Knowing Clarice will survive the fight, Elizabeth welcomes the lulling sense of death, her eyes drooping closed again. 
“Elizabeth, don’t die on me. She’s gone now.”
Again, Elizabeth slowly pries open her exhausted lids, spotting Clarice hovering over her. Her expression is a weak attempt at masking the evident fear. Her lips tremble, worry lines crease her forehead, and her eyes dart around Elizabeth’s body before settling on the wound at the base of her neck. 
“I will fix this.” The tremor in her tone is too harsh to be ignored and Elizabeth knows Clarice doesn’t believe her own words. 
A vampire’s bite is death to a witch. It is nature’s way of protecting the Goddess’s children from being turned into a servant of the devil.  
Elizabeth doesn’t know if it is possible or not, but blood magic is a strong thing. Her eyes flutter, her body going numb, and sleep is on the immediate horizon, but she pushes out, “Use me. My blood.” 	
“Shh.” Clarice takes Elizabeth’s hand. “You have learned the craft well, sister. I wish there was more time to teach you the rest. Please, go well and be with all our other sister witches in the afterlife.” 
With the little strength she has remaining, Elizabeth gestures to her wound. “Use my blood. Curse…my bloodline. My baby girl.” She stops for a moment to gulp in air, seeing the daughter she had to send away. Her soft baby cheeks and the mop of light red hair that had already formed. “My bloodline…a cure for vampirism. No more…vampires.” 
On the last word, the young witch’s hand falls back to the ground and her eyes drift close. She shudders one last time, sealing her legacy. 
Clarice solemnly rips a strip of cloth from her drabby dress and sops up some of Elizabeth’s blood, gathering it to do as she requested. A plan that will be the ultimate stake to the vampires.
Later that night, Clarice stands in the centre of a pentacle of candles, holding one unlit red candle in her hand. She closes her eyes, tipping her head to the sky and speaks the words: 
Blood of blood,
the Goddess’s daughters
will rid this world of its evil.
Blood of the Sinclairs
Be the shield and the sword.
Rid this world of vampires.
“It is recognized from here and now the female bloodline of Elizabeth Sinclair will forever be the cure for vampirism. Through the power of her family, there will be no more vampires. No more witches will die from their bite.” 
She drops the blood-soaked cloth onto the candle. A flame ignites and seals in the spell, consuming the cloth with every flicker of the fire.
***
Somewhere far away, Elizabeth’s abandoned baby girl cries when she is jolted from sleep. 
***
While Clarice is casting the first spell, Alec walks through the underbrush in search of Cora. She left for a snack, but that was hours ago, and she never strays too far from him. 
	A breeze picks up through the trees and the sweet scent of honey floats into his vicinity. Cora. Pushing his feet forward, he is a blur through the woods until breaking into the clearing where her scent leads. His gaze darts around the space until he sees it.
	A body across the clearing. 
Her body. Unmoving. The odour of death is strong. He’s too late.
Alec’s eyes squeeze shut once before he walks toward her sluggishly, muscles tight at what he knows he’s going to find. If he were a human, his skin would clam up, his legs would grow weak, but unfortunately for him, his immortal strength takes him easily to her side.
She’s pale—paler than normal. Her blonde hair lies across her chest, concealing the corset of her favourite dress. He brushes the strands aside, knowing it’ll be the final time he regards her. Her fangs are peeking out from the fold of her mouth, the shine of the moonlight a glint against their dainty points. He constantly enjoyed teasing her about her small fangs, despite the fact he loved them.
There’s no mark of damage, no sign of a stake in her heart, therefore this must be the doing of witchcraft. There’s no physical sign of death, so it’s the only thing it can be.
His body shudders in anguish and he clutches the strands of his hair, wishing this would all go away. His hand fist on the ground, his nails dragging through the hard dirt as rage consumes him. The need to destroy whoever did this. 
The wind blows again, reminding him he’s still alive, while Cora is not. By no means will he ever lie with her again, never share a human’s blood, never kiss her again. He had planned on centuries with her, but they were cut short after one. 
Alec runs his hands through his hair, once, then twice, while he watches her still form. I’d give up everything to have you back.
His jittery hand takes hers and he holds it to his face, pressing his cool lips upon her skin. I love you. She’ll never hear the words again, and with this thought, a whimper finally escapes his lips. 
For a long while, he sits there, holding Cora’s hand in his own, so still a squirrel decides to inspect them, before disappearing into the woods again and away from the sorrowful scene. 
Eventually Alec stands, knowing what needs to happen next. He swallows down his pain and pulls a match from his pocket, lighting it before throwing it on her body. Her slim figure, silky hair, and soft face are consumed by the flames as they alight every part of her. 
It’ll be the last time he feels any emotion, he vows. I will never love, never care for anyone again. You will be my one and only, forever, he thinks, watching the flickering fire. Losing her doesn’t mean she can be replaced at any time. 
The nighttime casts shadows over the area, merging in with his soul. If he could ever be considered a good person, it’s gone now, replaced by only darkness. The cool breeze is sucked into his chest, freezing and numbing his heart to any feeling.
Alec remains there until the fire consumes Cora’s body, but before he walks away, he makes a final promise to her ashes. “I will destroy the witches that did this to you.”
He leaves Cora behind, with only the memories of her accompanying him through the rest of his existence. 
	***
	It takes Alec less than a day to discover the witches at fault is the Sinclairs, the very coven he planned on attacking for their land. The final memory of Cora before she went off to hunt, when she kissed him goodbye, leaving nothing but a serene smile for him to hold onto in her absence, fuels him through his retribution. The slaughter of the Sinclairs is much too quick a death for what they did, but his wrath won’t be contained. 
The force of his sword plunges into the witch’s chest, shoving her dying body to the dry ground, and a satisfied smugness drives him to finish this. The tip of his boot hits the corpse as he steps over it, sword still standing from her chest, and heads for the remaining witch. She lays on the dirt-coated ground, grasping the bleeding wound on her neck he had given her moments ago. His large frame casts a shadow over her form; her impending death is but a moment away. 
	“You lost.” His eyes narrow as he takes her in, feeling his triumph. “And after you’re gone, there will be no one from your damn bloodline still alive. If there is, I will hunt them to the ends of the earth.” No Sinclair witch will survive his rage, and for that, his arrogant laugh can’t be contained.
	She spits, blood hitting his leather boot, before sucking in a deep, ragged breath to utter, “My coven did nothing to you. We are protected by the Goddess.”
	“Nothing to me?” He crouches down to her level, his brow hiking in disbelief at her asinine remark. “You did everything to me. You killed her.”
The witch’s eyes swell with realization and dread, while her weakening muscles tremble, and the scent of fear and sweat grows strong. He knows he saved the most important witch for last; the one who murdered Cora.
	Needing to feel this witch’s death, he tugs her body toward him. She sags helplessly, no remainder of fight left in her bones. Her lips crack open, as if she’s going to speak, but he cuts her off.	“I will be the one to take your life, just as you did to her.” His eyes, deadly white, are consumed with bloodlust and the crazed anger infusing him since the second he found Cora dead. 
	His teeth sink into the clean side of her neck and he pulls deep gulps of blood from her. As he takes her life force, his rage cools, rolling from his shoulder and into the night air, leaving nothing behind but the shell of the man he was. He releases her limp body, dropping her unceremoniously to the ground in order to observe her final moment. Her heavy panting and dulling eyes shift his mood into pure satisfaction. 
“You are…a monster,” she whispers, her words fading alongside her life. “One day…a witch will be…your…un…undoing.” 
A snarl rips from his throat and blood rushes to his ears. “One already was. You. When you took her from me.” Memories of Cora interrupt his anger, but he pushes her away once more. This is for you, Cora.
As the dying witch closes her eyes forever, she mumbles something under her breath. Something even his enhanced hearing does not pick up. When she’s finally another withered body amongst the many around the clearing, he takes his leave. 

That night, he dreams of red hair.



Chapter 1 - Present Day
Alec

My fangs unhook from the girl’s soft skin and I scrape them along the length of her neck. “Where is he hiding?” Her hands loop around my neck, fingers brushing the tips of my hair and she giggles demurely, giving nothing away. “You can tell me,” I push on. “Where can I find him?”
She sits up straight, leaning her body away from mine. The girl’s blue, human eyes shine with trust, exactly how he’s trained her to feel around any one of us. From her willingness to join me, it’s clear she doesn’t have the same healthy inherent fear other humans have. 
“I don’t think I should.” A timid expression flashes across her face again and her hand slowly travels down the length of my bare chest until she finds my cock, taking it into her small grasp. “However, I do want more of this.”
I push her hand away in order to get a firmer grasp on her hips, and pull her closer, ridding the space between us. 
“Last chance,” I purr, nuzzling her neck. My nose bumps her pulse point; the rapid beat playing music for me. “Tell me where he is and you are free.” 
She bites her bottom lip, and a streak of fear finally crosses her expression. “I can’t. I love him.” With her words, her heartbeat rockets under her skin and her eyes flash, uncertain. She knows she’s said the wrong thing. 
Stockholm Syndrome at its finest. I fall back against the leather chair, examining the beautiful, naked human on my lap. He trains them well and it’s a shame how her life will end. 
Faster than she can track, I move, pinning her hands to her side so she can’t fight against my attack. I sink my teeth back into her neck, but this time deeper, pulling more blood from her with the intention to kill rather than feed. Within seconds, her neck falls to the side, her body slumping and becoming heavy against my own. After a few more sips, she’s nothing more than dead human and I let her fall to the carpeted floor as I stand up.
After a quick text message, my stubby assistant wobbles into the room. Basset was a pity change—someone who came to me requesting an out of his mundane life in exchange for anything. I needed an assistant for my growing business ventures, and so a deal was struck. He’s remained loyal for the past century. 
He takes in the dead woman on the floor, slowly shaking his head. “She told you nothing, I assume?”
“You assume correctly. Have the men put her back where we found her and leave a note. If he allowed her there, it means he’ll go searching for her there too. If I can’t find him, he can find me.” 
Basset nods once and makes his own call. I walk away to prepare my men for who will be descending on us soon. 
***
It takes twelve hours before he storms my home. 
As per instructed, my men allow the invasion, while I situate myself on the throne, a show for both him and me. My speech is prepared as he stalks in the great hall. 
The large figure prowls closer, taking purposeful, determined strides. His hulking body stops a couple feet away from me, his nostrils flaring, and his teeth bared behind a scruffy beard. Despite the hundreds of years that have passed since I have seen him last, his appearance, right down to his typical scowl, remains unchanged in his immortal body. He growls low, a challenge that doesn’t falter the lightness in my chest.
Once, we were friends and allies. Later, we became adversaries. And now, I welcome him in my presence. This time, he has something I need, and I plaster on a confident smile, slouching deeper into the chair.  
“Marco, my friend, what brings you here?”
His lips press firmly together and his chin tilts up. His show of vengeance remains the same. “Do not ‘friend’ me, Dormer. You know why I’m here.” 
“Is it the pretty blonde?” My tongue darts out to stroke a fang. “She was delicious. Both her body and her blood.” 
Marco growls, his nostrils flaring wider. “Do you realize how hard it is to train a human?” 
I laugh humourlessly, indifferent, because his worries are the least of mine. “Can’t be that hard. You run a human trafficking ring. I’m sure you’ll be fine obtaining a replacement.”
His dark eyes narrow. “I told you the next time I saw you I would kill you.”
My playful expression drops at the somber reminder and I sit up, alert. “You also said you would let me live in my misery.”
Marco’s face cracks with tears—the only tears I would ever see him shed, and his body slumps as he takes in the words that I tell him. That his sister is gone and not coming back.  
His head whips up to meet my sorrow-filled gaze, his arm shooting out toward the doorway behind me. “Get out.”  
“Marco—”
“Out.” The single syllable holds the promise of a threat. 
“You’re not the only one hurt by this. I loved—love,” I correct, “her too.” 
A shadow falls over his expression. “Get. Out. Now. Under no circumstances do I want to see you again. This is your fault.” His words push out from between gritted teeth. 
I clench my jaw, resisting the urge to fight. “I had nothing to do with this, Marco, and you know it. She went out hunting, likely attacked one of them, and they defended themselves.”
“And now you’re defending them?”
I lean forward, my hands pushing into the wooden table between us. They press on the jagged wood easily, not attaining any splinters. “I killed them all—the entire Sinclair coven is gone, and if I find out there’s any more still living, they will be wiped from this earth as well.” I focus my words, boring my eyes into his, hoping he’ll recognize my own expression of anger.
“She wouldn’t have attacked a witch if it wasn’t your insistence to be close to them. Your determination to own their lands.” His beard quivers, his body trembling with anger.
While his words are true, it’s obvious he is also deflecting it. Nothing I say now will change his mind, so I switch tactics, in hope to make him see reason. “She wasn’t supposed to get mixed into my fight with them.”
His teeth smash together hard enough that the sound carries through the room. “I don’t care. Kill all the Sinclairs you want, but nothing will bring her back. I should kill you for this. But,” his face falls abruptly into a softer expression, his eyes no longer squished tight—an expression I know to be conniving, “instead, you will live with this loss. The pain of losing Cora will haunt you for the rest of your miserable existence. If I see you again, then your life will end early.”
I back away, keeping my eyes focused on Marco—my friend, ally, and brother-in-law, before turning away from him forever. 
“And yet, you still risk my wrath.” Marco’s voice pulls me from my memories. “What is so important you’d endanger your own life?”
I sit forward, elbows erect on my knees and leave a moment of anticipating silence before saying, “The Sinclairs.” 
It took a few hundred years before I discovered the source of the mysterious cure to vampirism was none other than surviving Sinclair witches. I know no one had endured the slaughter that day, meaning I had missed someone. Someone who then moved on and spit out more blasted generations. 
The day I discovered that was also the day I tore through a small village and I made sure no one survived then. The last time my soulless body had felt emotions was when I slaughtered the Sinclair coven, and learning there are more to wipe out had only sparked a small flame of feeling. A flicker of light that will extinguish upon the rest of their deaths. 
Nothing will bring back Cora, not even a witch, but knowing she is avenged is the small piece of harmony that allows me to carry on. Until I learned there are more of them. My hands fist the chair, recalling the emotions I felt that day. Knowing more of that fucking family lived on, while Cora did not, sent me into a fury not dissimilar to the day I wiped them out the first time. After murdering everyone in the human village in rage, I started hunting the witches down again, managing to kill one before they were gone. Disappeared. 
Rumours say they had gone into hiding to avoid being taken by vampires who wish to turn back to human. Some also claim they no longer practice magic. Too much inbreeding with humans has made them weaker, so evidently it is not their own magic being used to hide them. 
It’s as if someone else is.
No matter how hard I tried over the years, I can’t find them. No number of resources have found them. Money. Power. Allies. Nothing. It’s as if they don’t exist—except I know better. 
Luckily, a mutual friend mentioned my old ally knows something. 
I scrutinize Marco, watching him shift in place while he glances around the room, focusing on the windows, as if seeking an escape. He was always a terrible liar, and clearly, that also hasn’t changed. I allow him to have his scan of the room and when he’s finished, he focuses on me again, a dip in his brows. “What about them?” he finally asks, his voice low and anxious. 
“I’ve heard things,” I muse, sitting back again, legs crossing at the ankles. The power is once again on my side and I become the look of ease. “I’ve heard you have leads on the youngest.” 
His arms cross over his chest and his stance widens. “I’m not giving her up.” His nervous tone switches into defiance and his bearded chin juts out.
I tilt my head and purse my lips, focusing on his determined attitude. Curious. “Is power truly more important to you than family? It’s as if you forget history, Marco. Do you recall which coven it is that murdered her?” 
Most of us don’t even have families in our second lives, but Marco and Cora were turned by the same vampire during an attack on their household. They remained together for their entire immortal existence—until hers ended sooner than expected. 
His gaze hardens, a chill settling over the room. “You speak out of line, Dormer. I haven’t forgotten. I hate her family as much as you do and she will die when the time comes, but I have need of her first.” His eyes shut briefly. “It’s been so long since Cora’s death. So long since she and I were turned, and I am nearly done with this never-ending existence. I have the girl’s location and I plan to use her. I won’t give her to you.”
My hands clench again, imagining his throat in between them and there’s a tightness in my chest I can’t ignore. He’s denying me my vengeance. “I told you,” I speak slowly and quietly my words heavy, “of my vow to her. I have searched and searched for the Sinclairs for some time now, and knowing you—her own brother—has the knowledge of where they reside, but refuse to hand them over…It’s a disgrace to her memory.” I try to lighten my tone again but can’t relax the tightened muscles through my body; my irritation for him is still too strong.
He growls again and I straighten, preparing for the inevitable attack. He’s older than I am, stronger, but I’ve held my own in a fight against him before. 
“You will kill my chance at a human life and death. I’m weighing revenge against practicality here.” He scowls, his tone more impatient now than angry.
“I can grant you death now, if you wish.” My lips curl into a predator’s grin.
“Fuck you, Alec.” He falls silent for a moment and I remain still, observing him. Tracking his hands and feet to see where his attack will land, but then he speaks again. “Unless we can come to some sort of deal.”
Interested, I demand, “Go on.” My chin is propped in my hand, the air of attentiveness.
“Torture is better than death,” he starts. 
My attention remains rapt on him and I shift, fighting off the adrenaline his words bring me. I’ve only ever skipped to the killing part, but torture sounds like a pleasant enough path to take. It’ll be relieving to release decades of pent-up frustration taken out on her. The poor girl will pay for the sins of her family, and for hiding from me, and not even know why. It’ll be glorious. 
He goes on. “I have been utilizing resources for the past decade, protecting the child and her grandmother. Her mother was ill and didn’t make it long after her birth. After her human father was murdered by some overeager members of our kind, I put a protection detail on her. They don’t know this of course, but I have killed several of us for them. Many have come for her blood, and lately it’s gotten me thinking. There’s a clear market here. I’m protecting her until the day I wish to use her, but I’m wasting so much potential. So much income.” He pauses, scanning me as a slick smile stretches across his face. “But I truly don’t wish to deny you your revenge. It is what Cora deserves after all. I say we sell her blood to any vampire who wishes to be human. After a few decades, I will take my portion of her too, and you can dispose of her however you choose. Taking her from her life and forcing her to be here,” he waves his hand around the area, “will make for a miserable existence for the girl. We will split the profits off what you make from her.”
I sit forward. “You’re saying we sell the girl’s blood, I get her when all is said and done?” The question of why he wants the money comes to mind. If he’s planning on ending his immortal life before her human one ends, what’s the point? I resist asking, not wanting to put too much stock into what so far seems to be a sure thing.
Marco nods, his feet bringing him closer. An eager energy settles over the space, replacing the chill that was recently here and shadowing our growing plan. 
“I’ll leave the details up to you, but I do recommend being creative with the different packages to offer to our clients, especially since biting her directly isn’t an option.” Stupid witches are only a one-time use. 
His words become muted as I stop listening, already planning all the ways I can make the Sinclair girl’s life miserable. It’s a plan I regret not having thought up myself—brilliant and perverse on its own. 
Cora, this is for you. 
“I have someone who will help ensure the blood can be taken straight from her body,” I comment, thinking of the witch I keep on my roster.
“Good, good.” He chuckles maliciously.  
“And her grandmother?” I ask, not forgetting his mention of her.
His lips fold to the side for a second in debate before he says, “You can kill her, but I do recommend leaving her alive. She may be used for the girl’s cooperation.” 
She will cooperate regardless of the state of her grandmother, but then his words do ring with sense. Witches are notoriously close to their own kind. If I kill the grandmother, she’ll react, and I won’t be certain I can prevent accidentally killing her then.
Leverage. Leverage and control. I’ll keep her intact as long as possible, and then break her. A broken doll from the beginning won’t do me any good.
“So, we have a deal?” he checks, stepping closer. His hand hovers in the air, calling upon my own. “Make me money, extract your revenge, and leave a vial aside for me.” 
My attention is already a mile away on my developing plans and I nearly break into an eager run to close this deal, but I force my feet steady and grasp his hand in my own in a single, firm shake. “What a few decades it shall be.” 
Our hands separate. “I will send her information over to you shortly then and you can retrieve her. I will have my men stand down. Good to be working with you again,” he says, stepping back. 
“Wonderful. Stay for a drink?” I offer.
“Thanks, but no. I need to get off this damn island.” He spins on his heel and walks away, stopping once more at the doorway. “Oh, Alec,” he twists his head until I am in view, “please leave my next human alone. If you need me, just fucking call me.” 
My booming laugh follows him out. 
***
A few hours later, Basset enters my office holding a folder. “Marco sent the documents, sir.” 
Elated, I take the folder from him, ripping open the front cover. On top sits a sheet detailing her information. Name, age, school, degrees, current occupation, all down to the key: her address. Marco is thorough. I scan the name at the top of the page. 
Harlow Sinclair. 
Beneath the sheet are dozens of coloured printed images. All of Harlow in various places at different times. Her striking red hair is the telling sign that she is indeed who I’ve been searching for. A picture of her staring into the skyline captures my attention and my gaze halts its frenzied examination of the file to study it closer. Sunlight peeps through the strands of her hair, casting a glow around her. The picture is taken at an angle which shows her pensive face looking off in the distance, while she remains unaware of the person stalking her.
She’s beautiful. I brush away the sudden, traitorous thought, loathing myself for it. A Sinclair shouldn’t be anything but dead.
“She’s in Canada,” I tell Basset. “Get the plane ready and gather a couple men. We fly out at dusk.” I stand, my chair screeching as it’s forced backward. “I’m coming along as well to ensure this will be done right.” I scan the biography again, my eyes fixating on a specific detail. “Tomorrow is her birthday. Her blood will sing.” Or so the stories go. 
The photo of her gazing off into the distance taunts me again. I’m coming for you. 

Chapter 2
Harlow

“Through the power of her family, there will be no more vampires. No more witches will die from their bite.” 
“Harlow?” 
The voice pulls me from the memory. Not my memory—just the one echoing through my head every birthday. Not only did they curse my blood to be desired by nearly all vampires, but the scene also plays over and over, reminding us how the spell was originally enacted. Time and time again…
“Harlow?” The voice calls again. 
I yank away from my reflections once more to find myself back in the university’s library, tucked in the quiet corner with nothing but books and a single table surrounding me. It’s a great place to complete an assignment with a partner. 
Said partner stands beside the table, waiting with a slightly confused expression, his head tilted. Shaggy brown hair falls over scrunched brows and roving eyes as he presumably waits for a response.
I give him a polite smile. “Hey, Nick. Sorry. Guess I zoned out.” 
The table is bumped as Nick’s large quarterback form pushes into the free chair across from me and he gets to unpacking his bag. “Happy thoughts only, I hope. Now, for the presentation, I’m thinking…” 
***
An hour later we finally breathe in the air of freedom. With the assignment nearly completed, we agree to stopping here. 
“We made good progress,” he comments, stuffing his papers in the bag at his feet. “What’s your plans for the evening? A few of us are headed out for pizza. Come with?” One brow lifts over a hopeful expression. He’s expectant, the appearance of a guy who’s not turned down often—if at all. 
With his clearly strong physique and classically handsome face, paired with an alluring smirk, I’ve heard the stories of his conquests and truly have no interest being another one.  
“Thanks, but I need to get home,” I reply, keeping my tone light and polite. Grandma will kill me if I’m out past dark on today of all days.
His smile falters. “Oh, okay. Maybe another time then. We still have more work to get done on this, so I’ll see you next week?” 
“For sure,” I say noncommittedly, not wanting to encourage similar questions in the future. Once he vacates the area, I finish packing my bag and start toward home. 
After being in the stuffy library for so long, the cool late afternoon breeze is a welcome feeling. While chilly, it wipes away the humidity that built on the back of my neck. 
I hurry away from the building. In front of me, a squirrel stops at the grass’ edge to watch me pass. It doesn’t scurry away until it’s long behind me. The wind lifts my hair, but no nearby leaves rustle. 
Grandma claims this is nature greeting us. The only thing “witchy” in my life now is my blood, the reoccurring memory, and the occasional vampire that comes searching for me. Due to decades of improper marriages to humans, children have had less and less witch blood in each generation, until finally we’re born with no more power than a human. Bloodlines thinned, covens broke up, and we lost the resources to learn magic. Some covens still exist—and practice magic—but there’s only a few dozen across the country, rather than the thousands that used to be. It’s been six generations since my family had magic and we’ve long lost touch with the other covens. 
The wind carries me to my front door, and I unlock it. Before I slip inside, a distinct voice calls out, “Happy birthday, Harlow.” 
I glance toward my neighbor’s house, spotting Mark. His greying hair and kind eyes have been a staple around here since I was a child. I wave my thanks before walking into the alluring scent of home and nutmeg. It’s my favourite fragrance to come home to.
“Grandma?” I call out, scanning the parts of the downstairs that is in my immediate sight. The living room with its small sitting area is empty, as is the hallway I stand in front of.
“In here!” Her welcoming voice carries from the kitchen down the hall. 
I find her hunched over the dishwasher. Her small frame, draped in her typical cardigan, is all I’ve known for so many years now. She’s been a parent to me in all senses of the word.
As I enter the kitchen, she stops what she’s doing to focus on me. “Happy birthday! I’ve made you your favourite cookies.” 
I inhale the sweet aroma of cinnamon and ginger, already tasting the gooey goodness. “I can’t wait,” I tell her and press a kiss to her withered cheek. 
“How was the project?” she asks, drifting back to the sink to continue her tasks. 
I drop in the closest chair, extending my legs as I go. My body cracks, welcoming the feeling of being home. “We’re almost done.”
“Good, good.” Once she’s done cleaning, she ambles over to the table, taking the closest seat to me. Her bony arms stretch across the table as she reaches for my hand. “I know this day is hard for you, but I would like to make it a good one. What would you like to do tonight?”
Her never-faltering smile and kind eyes shoves a sharp pang of guilt into my chest, but I say, “Honestly, I just want to hole up in my room after dinner and get more assignments done.” My class load is too demanding to take a day off, even if it is my birthday. Her smile falls, and I add, “But, I can’t wait for those cookies.” It isn’t a lie however and it eases some of the tightness in my chest.
Her expression picks right back up and she releases my hand. “I’ll get you some that you can bring up with you.” 
She’s back moments later, a large plate piled high with all the delicious goodness of ginger snaps and I eagerly take the plate. My mouth waters at the simple sight.
“Your parents would love to see the woman you’re becoming.”
Her sudden words toss me into a memory.
Dad’s yells pierce the night air, travelling up to where I’m hiding in the upstairs hall closet, buried behind a door and latches I know will do me no good if they find me. 
I flinch, burrowing deeper into the darkness, letting it consume me and my thoughts. From downstairs, grunts, cries, and yelling can be heard, but from who I can’t tell. 
Please don’t find me, please don’t find me…I rock slightly on my heels, hoping to ease my thumping heart. I’d go down there, but I’m useless against them. Not that my human father is any better off. If it wasn’t for Grandma’s insistence that he train to fight them, he wouldn’t last.
Another yell comes from downstairs and I cover my ears against the unknown. Then it goes silent, but I continue waiting for Dad to come for me, filled with a dim hope that he is all right.
In the darkness, time passes differently. What feels like minutes is actually hours when I hear Grandma’s distinct voice call out for me. She gets to unlatching the door from the other side and her face appears, lit by the flashlight in her hand. 
But it’s her solemn expression that captures my gaze, and I know he’s gone.
I blink away the memory from over a decade ago, the corner of my eyes growing damp.
My ancestor’s stupid spell made it so our blood is most potent on the day of our birth. It’s why it’s best if I’m home by dusk, but tonight especially, because that’s when the vampires come out to play. No different than the birthday I lost Dad. 
While Grandma has tried to make each birthday happy, I prefer to remain busy—keep myself in the present and away from any dreary memories.
“Yeah,” is all I say to Grandma. “I’m going upstairs now.” 
She grants me a small smile. It pushes through the new cloud of despair that settles upon us. The memory hovers unspoken, but impactful. 
“Happy birthday, dear. I’ll be watching for anything down here.” 
I send her a tight smile, understanding her words. She’s watching for vampires. I eye the basket of stakes she keeps in the corner. After my father’s death, she’s taken to putting them all over the house, just in case. It raises questions with visitors, but we play it off as décor. 
“No, honey, hold the stake like this. If a vampire attacks, this is the angle you need to be sure to hold it at.” Dad adjusts my grip on the wood. 
I walk away from the second unwanted memory and head to the safety of my room. Its embrace is familiar and comfortable. The scattered carpet of clothing creates a maze from my doorway to the window, which I shut and lock. It will, in no way, stop a vampire, but I feel better doing it.
***
The essay consumes my evening, but even in my focus, the distinct click wrenches me away from my assignment. Grandma would have knocked. Dread drops in my stomach and my fingers, now chilled, slow on the keyboard as my mind races, scanning my room mentally, searching for the basket of stakes Grandma insists I keep in here. Unlike her, I don’t feel the need to have them in view and opt to hide them under my bed. Something I now regret. 
Because only one person—one thing—would be here right now. 
The room chills and my neck prickles with damp awareness. I continue typing as I work through the fear. It weighs heavy on my chest and I swallow, once, twice, ignoring the sour taste in the back of my throat. There’s nothing I can do but run. I won’t be able to fight it off. 
My lungs compress, filling with as much air as I can before I stand and face death. My bed, untouched, rests across the far wall, but the door to the closet catches my attention. It’s shut…and I didn’t close it this morning. 
I should leave now. Run away and get help. But for some reason, I find myself walking toward the corner of the room. Stupid girl, I tell myself, still unable to break through the trance I’m in—the need to complete this journey. My bare feet are soundless against the hardwood, but I wouldn’t doubt if it can still hear me approaching. Stake first, I remind myself, twisting toward the bed. 
“Is this truly how you’re spending your birthday?” 
I gasp, freezing under the dark gaze of my new visitor. His large form is stretched across my bed, taking up most of the mattress. His muscled arms curl behind his head and his legs cross at the ankles, the scene of someone calm and collected. Black hair falls across his forehead, framing deep eyes. He’s sexy, enthralling…but then so many of them are. It’s how they get their prey.
I still, my heart thumping against my chest cavity. I should run, should attempt to get the stake resting close by, but the depths of his gaze compels me to remain in place. The power of compulsion is nothing more than a myth, but I can’t seem to move from underneath his scrutiny. Beneath my hammering heart, a warmth builds—its heat a direct contrast to the chilling fear sluicing through the rest of my body. 
“Don’t be stupid.” His voice is low, alluring, and deadly. Twin fangs peek out from the curve of his mouth
My eyes jerk toward my closed door. I couldn’t make it, not without him stopping me before I get there, but still, I lean my body back, my feet sliding the tiniest step toward safety.
“Don’t.” 
Fuck. My lip folds under my teeth and I nibble. The scenarios of choice don’t seem good, so I speak instead. “What do you want?” I ask, even if I already know why he’s here. He wants to be human. 
His hands cup me, one behind my head and one sliding along the length of my hip. My body melts into his hands, allowing him to command my body any way he sees fit. Even in the dim lighting of the room, his fangs glint as they scrape along the curve of my shoulder and up to my neck. I shiver, my head falling back, opening myself to him. 
Only him…
Reality slams back into me and I gasp. What the hell was that? As if responding, the heat in my chest swells, but its meaning is lost on me. If he noticed anything, he doesn’t show it, his expression remaining blank and deadly. 
In one swift motion, he’s standing. His tall frame towers at least a foot above me, his head hanging over mine. He’s so close, the leather of his jacket brushes my arm, but I pay it no attention, too focused on his face. 
“I’m here for you.” His surprisingly tepid breath blows over my face, but paired with the furrow in his brow and the flare of his nostrils…he seems confused.  
	His words don’t surprise me. “How’d you get in?” I ask, thinking of Grandma down below, watching and protecting against an event like this one. 
“Through the front door. Don’t worry, she’s fine.”
“And in one piece?”
One shoulder lifts in a lazy shrug, as if his immortal body doesn’t have the strength to do more. “Maybe.” Through the depths of his black eyes, a spark ignites, as if he’s amused by all this. He’s playing with me.
My eyes flick to the door again. Now that he’s nearly touching me, I have no chance of getting out of here, and the knowledge has my already-rapidly beating heart going into overdrive.
“Well,” I say conversationally, “can you get this over with? I have work to do.” I gesture over his shoulder and toward my desk, but his gaze doesn’t unlock from my own. 
The knowledge I’m about to experience my first vampire bite has me nearly going into a panic. My mouth parts, sucking in as much air as I can and a lump forms in my throat. A light feeling overcomes me, and I blink through the faintness. Now is not the time to pass out.
His head tilts to the side, his eyes perusing the length of me as if trying to solve a complicated puzzle. Then, his hand is a blur as it moves from his side, but suddenly there’s a sharp prick in my neck. It doesn’t hurt, but is like a bee sting—irritating and spiky. 
I open my mouth in protest, but my head lightens. Whatever he injected me with distorts my vision until he’s nothing but a large, dark shape, and my legs wobble, stumbling forward. 
“You…bastard.” 
The ground comes closer and my arms go up to catch myself. I meet it quicker, only it feels to be holding me rather than I on it. Am I still standing? At a second glance, the distinct brown blur of the hardwood floor is still a distance away. 
Unable to keep fighting, I let the darkness take me. 



Chapter Three
Alec
As the drug takes her over, she stumbles, falling forward. I step back, giving the witch enough space to hit the ground, but something in me—instinct, I think—has me rushing forward before she can. My arms shoot out in time for her to fall on them. Completely consumed by the drug, her face rests on the leather of my jacket, her heat blasting through the material. 
I bend, gently laying her on the ground. Her lovely face comes to rest against the flooring and it looks all sorts of wrong. Women are toys—something for pleasure. They’re beautiful on the outside, because that’s what they project, but Harlow’s unbrushed hair falling messily over her cheek reminds me of Cora. Cora was naturally attractive. She never tried; she simply was. 
A tickle shoots through my chest and I rub at it. 
Knowing I have a Sinclair in my grasp once more is music to my ears. The other one down below won’t survive long past Harlow’s death either. The final Sinclairs. I’m so close to finally and officially achieving my promise to Cora. 
I glance toward her desk, oddly curious to see what the near-human witch was working on. It’s a paper on chemical compounds. 
At least she’s not a total dimwit.
I snap my fingers, knowing the noise will be overheard by my man who waits past her bedroom door. It cracks open and his face pokes in.
“Carry her,” I demand, flicking my hand dismissively at Harlow. “Don’t bruise her. She’s worth a lot to me.” 
I stride away, leaving him to follow my commands while my attention is already diverting toward my cell phone and the message I have typed out to Marco: Got her. 
All for you, Cora, I think. I leave the Sinclair house with Cora’s face in my mind.
***
The two men that accompanied me on this journey remain soundless, staring out at the black sky beyond the plane’s windows. The silence is pleasant, and I close my eyes, letting myself drift to a better time. 
The scream, a stark contrast to the silence, carries from a few blocks over. Curious, and with nothing better to do on my nighttime stroll, I run toward it, making it there in record time. 
I’m met with the distinct sight and scent of a young woman being held against the brick wall of the local bank, her attacker’s teeth sunk into the base of her neck. The victim’s yells slow, death consuming her quickly, and her final cry for help is nothing but a blood-filled gurgle. Her assailant steps away and the woman thumps to the cement.
The vampire turns and I’m stunned to the spot. The vampire—a woman—smiles, her victim’s blood dripping from her tiny, delicate fangs. 
While she’s not the first woman of my kind I’ve seen, there hasn’t been many. Not in the few decades since I turned. Curious, I walk a human’s pace toward her, not wanting to spook her off. Instead of running away, the woman comes to me, stopping short. The bodice of her dress rubs against my waistcoat and she peers up at me. 
“What is your name?” she asks in a musical voice. 
“Alexander Dormer II. Alec,” I correct.
“Alec.” My name rolls off her tongue. I like the sound of it. “Have you fed today, Alec?”
“Not since yesterday.” 
Her responding smile is seductive. The sight of her fangs as she talks sends shivers down my spine—a sensation I hadn’t realized I could feel as a vampire.
Her hand comes up to hover in the air. “Come with me then. I am off to meet with my brother, but then you and I shall enjoy ourselves.” 
We spend a week drinking, fucking, and killing. I had never laughed so much in my human or immortal existence thus far, so I joined her and her brother, Marco, in their travels around North America, enjoying the power. The feeling of being unstoppable. And the feeling of Cora. 
After that initial week, I knew. Knew this beautiful creature was the one for me. 
I open my eyes from my waking dream, reality setting in again. I had one century with her. It was way too short. 
My gaze drifts to the back of the plane, where Harlow rests, still knocked out from the drug. Images of her beautiful neck torn out from my teeth, her head separated from her body almost—almost—eases the loss of Cora. 
“Sir,” the human captain calls out, “we’re landing.” 
There’s an obvious shift with his words. An excited energy fills the air. The quicker I get home, the sooner I can begin this, and the sooner the years will come to pass and I can kill her.
Moments later, the plane thumps to the ground and rolls to a stop on the airstrip. The humans work to get the private plane open swiftly and after a quick jerk of my hand toward Harlow, I leave. 
“Take her to the dungeon. I’ll meet you there shortly.” I don’t wait for them to follow my commands before I speed off. 
As I approach my castle, I am struck with the same feeling I have each time I return to it. Being situated on an island makes it the perfect location for business to be conducted from, so I took it from some king a century past—no one important enough to make it into humans’ history books. For a few hours, I had the stone walls stained in red as I slaughtered him and his entire court, and once the bodies were removed—dumped into the nearby ocean—it became mine. Its mass size covers a quarter of the large island, and its grey, stony walls and torrents standing high toward the sky. Eight levels make up the inside; a rec floor, a dungeon, the main floor, and five floors of bedrooms, with the library and my office scattered amongst them as well. The outside dates it from a century ago, but most of the inside has been remodelled time and time again as the humans come up with new ways to live. Camera systems canvas every inch of the place, inside and out. It’s ostentatious, but it’s private and mine. The power residing within its confines is obvious to anyone who approaches it.   
Basset rushes to greet me when I walk inside. “Sir, you’ve got a dozen voicemails awaiting you.” 
I continue past him and run to my office two floors up. My skin prickles with anticipation to get to the basement, but I force myself not to forget about my multiple other business ventures all because a Sinclair is here. 
The messages from the Mexican cartel, various police departments, New York mafia families, and numerous motorcycle clubs from around the world keep me busy for the next couple of hours. With each passing task, I feel more and more jumpy, knowing at any point now she will be waking up. 
My tasks are unavoidable labor though. Being around for centuries makes it easy to acquire things—stocks, bonds, and companies—which keeps my cash flow endless. But being around forever also means I’ve seen the rise and fall of countless ventures. To remain ahead, I’ve spent decades dabbling in shadier businesses. 
Every mafia has their capo, every motorcycle club has their president, police departments their chief…but at the top of every food chain is one final tier. 
Me. 
A king reigning over shadowy ventures. Being around forever means I’ve acquired an abundance of immaterial items, like secrets, for blackmail purposes, giving me the ability to control everything. Working with groups like the cartel and mafia keeps my drug and weapons trade strong. It’s nothing I deal directly with, of course—and most of these groups don’t even know what I am. My place at the top grants me control in so many countries. 
It’s the dynasty I forever dreamed of. One that Cora was supposed to help me rule over. 
I finally complete any call-backs I need to, forward orders to the appropriate people, and collect the cash. But now, I’m headed for the best prize of all—my Sinclair witch. 




Chapter 4
Harlow

The pain in my head dulls, slowly drawing me from sleep. Discomfort thumps front and centre in my head and I groan, opening my eyes to only darkness. 
Without my sight, my other senses amplify. I’m upright, my arms pulled backward, wrists pressed painfully together. I tug on them, testing the rope that ties them together. A numbing tingle begins at my shoulders and I shift, my wakening body now affected by the position. My shifting also draws my attention to my bound legs, strapped to the chair.
My eyes finally begin to adjust, and shapes develop, but nothing indicative of my location. Stagnant air stuffs my nose and more than anything, I wish my arms were free, if only to block the rancid scent. It smells like death.
More reason to determine where I am and get out of here before it’s my body that helps contribute to the smell. I shudder.
The room is suddenly bathed in light and I blink rapidly, trying to get my eyes to adjust. I squint against the brightness, scanning the area around me. 
Dirt-covered, rocky and cracked floor underfoot, surrounded by damp, stone walls. It’s small—no bigger than a jail cell, and the metal door to my left taunts me with freedom. That’s when realization hits. It’s similar to a jail cell because it is a jail cell.
“Whoever you are, can we please get this over with so I can go home? I have homework to catch up on. Thanks.” I force my voice to remain steady and focus on subduing my emotions. Freaking out will not get me out of here. 
Their response is darkness again and my eyes are forced to readjust all over.
Ugh. They’re fucking with my vision. 
***
Hours pass. The light has flickered on and off three times since the first round. They only seem to leave the light on for a few moments, and off for an hour. With the passing time, I really need to pee.
Through the darkness, I glare in the direction of where I know the door to be. I’m tied up, so would they lock it? Would they be stupid enough to trust me not to try to escape? I didn’t check for cameras when the light was on earlier, but if they are watching me, maybe they’ll get a kick out of this. 
Using all the leg strength I can draw up in that moment, I clench my calves and tighten my arms around the backing of the chair. Muscles locked into place, I try to lift myself and the chair, throwing my whole body into moving. 
Hop. Shift. Do anything. 
Nothing. The chair doesn’t even wobble.
This time, I try again with the addition of rocking back and forth, front to back. Maybe with enough luck I can maneuver myself to the door. I’ve done it once in the past, so hopefully, I can do it again now. It’s not easy, but it’s doable. The chair does shake, and it even moves, but nowhere in the right direction. Instead, it tips to the side, and I land on the hard dirt, the impact shoving stones painfully into my side and I wince.
Damn it. 
“Well, that was cute.” 
I gasp, my eyes instinctively darting around the room—or as much as my current situation allows. It’s definitely the same voice as earlier, but its deep reverberation bounces throughout the room, making it difficult to pinpoint its direction.
“I love watching you hurt yourself. It will make what I’m going to do to you that much more enjoyable…for you.” 
“Where are you, you fucker?” My eyes continue seeking through the darkness. While I can’t see him, I picture the face from earlier. Smug handsomeness paired with what I’m sure is a very pleased grin. I can’t wait to wipe it from his expression.
“Language,” he chides. “My customers won’t like it.” 
I’m sure I don’t want to know what kind of clientele he has. “I don’t give a fuck about your customers. Now help me up!” The momentary distraction of his addictive voice hid the pain, but my body can’t ignore the sharp rocks digging into my side for much longer. 
“You’re a witch. You can fight. What’s the human saying? You got yourself into this, you can get yourself out.” He pauses before adding, “Yeah, that’s it.” 
I sigh loudly to exaggerate my annoyance toward him.  “If you’re not going to help, can you go back to whatever black hole you came out of and let me continue trying to escape?” 
His deep voice shifts into a chuckle—serious, but also musical. “You’re funny. For a witch.” 
The ground scrapes close by, a rock skipping along the dirt. His feet drag as he moves. He’s telling me he’s coming toward me, because I know for a fact, his steps are otherwise silent.
Suddenly, I’m right way up again and my head spins at the abrupt change in position. My arms and legs remain tied.
“Better?” His voice sounds far away again. 
As if he cares. I scoff and ask, “Are you going to tell me your name?” 
“You don’t need to know that right now.” 
I tug on the ropes again, all while I know it won’t change anything. He needs to untie me, and I know his type. Poised as a rock, until he’s unhinged. I need to trigger something inside of him. 
“You saw my essay. I’m almost done with my undergrad with a major in biology and a minor in chemistry. I would like to do something in a lab one day. CSI-type stuff. One day I even hope to dissect a vampire.” I pause, waiting for a response. There’s none—surprise, surprise—so I continue, “I would like to also own my own house. Maybe a dog. Or a cat. Maybe a dog and a cat. Oh, and I love to fuck. Fuck hard. Fuck fast. Any way that I can please a man, I make sure to do it. I just love the feeling when a guy—” 
Crash. Metal on stone smash together, as what I assume is the door hitting the wall. In the same instance, a sharp rock digs into my back while my wrists scream with freedom. His cold hand wraps around my throat like a vise, holding me up against the stone at my back. Regardless, he did exactly what I needed him to do and got me out of the chair.
The chill from his body mixes with my heat as he leans into me. While I can’t see his features, I feel the shadows in his eyes penetrating me. His chest kisses mine as he leans closer, stealing my breath. I flush. Because even though he’s the bad guy, he feels right and a small part of my brain wants to accept what he’s doing now, simply to continue. 
“You don’t know hard until you’ve been with me.” 
His words skip my brain, ignoring any sense of logic, and goes straight to my core. With my life literally hanging by his grip, I feel little fear, the desire pounding through my body taking over.
Instead, I focus on something else. Like the fact that if the door was thrown open for him to get me out of the chair, it means it was closed first. Which means he left earlier.
“When did you leave?” 
“Doesn’t matter.” His cool breath drifts across my nape, a low tone that promises more. “I’m back now.” 
“Well, thanks, sucker.” 
“Why?” he mumbles into my throat. Something flicks against my throat—his tongue? His actions are too quick to track and I shiver, trying to ignore the building pressure in the base of my stomach. “Because I let you out of the chair? I knew what you were doing the second you opened your pretty little mouth.” 
His words suck all the air from the room, leaving me nothing for my lungs and I stop breathing.
It’s an action he catches, of course. “Your heart is beating so fast. Tell me, Harlow, do you like my hand on you?” His tone deepens. 
“No.” With the wall as leverage, I push off, in an attempt to buck away. It’s as if fighting with a brick though and I make no headway, other than pressing myself into his… Is he…? “Seems like you’re enjoying it too.” 
The grip on my throat tightens and two while pearls flash. His eyes. “Test me, witch, I dare you.”
Survival kills the lure and I gasp, my hands shooting up to pull at his hands. “S-stop,” I cry. He’s no longer playing, and eyes squeeze close, hiding myself from the feeling while I fight against his grip. It gets firmer, cutting off any airways and I choke. My hands continue to beat at him, but white spots overtake my vision. 
In a flash, the hand is gone, along with his body and I fall to the ground. Rocks dig into my hip where I land. I suck in deep mouthfuls of air, clinging to the fact that he could have killed me right there. 
The room is bathed in a bright light in time to find him leaning against a far wall. His eyes—black again—bore into me. Boredom flecked with a sense of fascination. He doesn’t move, so neither do I. Not until my near-death experience passes. 
“Stop playing around,” I say, finally standing after a few moments. The stone behind me proves to be leverage as my legs wobble, feeling returning in them. It’s the first time they’ve been used in however many hours have passed since my bedroom. “I know why I’m here,” I continue, gaining back my calm exterior. “You want my blood because you’re tired of being a vampire. Poor, little cliché vampire…” 
“You’re adorable. That’s what you think I want?” His darkened tone shifts into light amusement.
“It’s what every vampire wants.” 
He chuckles. “I love being a vampire.” 
“Then what?” Frosty chills stream down my back. If he doesn’t want my blood, then this can’t be good. For the first time since arriving, true inherent, healthy fear—even more than when he choked me—enthrals my senses and I still, tightening my muscles in preparation to fight. 
What he says is not at all anything I expect.
 “I don’t want to drink your blood. I want to sell your blood.” 

Chapter 5
Alec

“Excuse me?” 
I pace, unable to remain still. I’ve spent a century hunting this family, and here one is, in my own home and I’m not killing her. Having her literally in my grip was nearly a dream come true. How easy it would have been to squeeze, taking her life with my mere grip. Her very presence goes against my vow to Cora. If I kill her now, I risk a war with Marco. I need to continue to play the long game.
“You’re right that a lot of us want to drink from you,” I continue. “In fact, I figure, why not profit off of you? I drain your blood, sell the vials, vampires turn into humans, and everyone wins. But it’s only the beginning. First, I’ll take your blood. Eventually, I will lend out your body, even though it is unfortunate no one can take the cure straight from the source without killing you.” I’m still working on resolving that. “Your body has so much potential and you don’t even realize it.” 
“I’m not your blood whore.” 
Although her direct fearlessness is impressive, considering her situation, my hand still itches with the desire to grasp her face, to take control over her every move. “That’s where you’re wrong. You are mine and I’m not letting you go. In fact, we have a party to get to.” 
It’s the ultimate show. Something I planned only last night. To bring in vampires and let them see her, let the observers pass on the word to the lesser and poorer vampires not in attendance and let them know that for a cost, they can be human. Create the demand.
“What?” 
“Someone will be in here shortly to get you ready. I have better things to do.” And before she can even open her mouth, I’m gone, shutting the metal door firmly behind me. 
The dungeon covers the entire bottom floor of this section of the castle. Cells line each wall, all sealed with the same large metal door on Harlow’s. She’s the only one down here and can make all the noise she wants. No one will hear her. 
I head upstairs to the ballroom. Of all the things humans have not evolved in, I am most pleased the concept of the ball—the dancing, socializing, and music—still exists. 
By the time my musings are over, I’m standing in the middle of the ballroom where humans rush to set everything up to meet my standards. The high ceilings open up the large space, the velvet curtains are drawn closed over the ceiling-high windows, and the marble floors shine with reflections of the massive, glittering chandelier above. 
The raised platform at the end of the room hosts a large throne. To the right of it sits the witch’s place. Two, thick metal poles are lodged into the platform and dangling from the tops and bottoms of them are cuffs. 
“Sir,” Basset addresses me as I step closer. His clipboard rests on his chubby centre. 
“Are things nearly ready?” 
“They are, sir. Where is she?”
“Down below. She is irksome.” 
He leans closer to me, his small eyes bulging in anticipation. “Between you and I, does she smell as good as the rumours say?”
I grunt, refusing to say anything. Smell good? She smells like a mix of the most fatal substance and the sweetest fruit.  Her ancestors didn’t waste any effort in ensuring we were drawn to our vampiric deaths. As for her beauty, she’s—I cut myself off from those dangerous notions. Knowing my body reacted to her at all leaves a bitter taste of betrayal in my mouth. 
Basset walks away, seeing as I won’t respond to him, and ambles toward one of the female maids. He says something to her, but I don’t bother listening in because I hardly care. Whatever he tells her has her rounding up the rest of the staff and all leaving in a stream as one. 
He returns to my side then. “According to the guards, the guests are mingling out in the foyer and a few on the yard. Did you want to invite them in now, or do you want the Sinclair girl tied up first?” 
“Bring them in first. Then I’ll get the girl.” The resistance I’m sure she’ll display will make for a more exciting show. 
I spin on my heel and walk toward my throne, scanning the poles beside it. My cock stiffens as I imagine my redheaded prisoner trapped inside the cuffs. Her legs spread and she drips with wanton desire as I pound into her from behind. Marking, claiming. Her cries echo through the ballroom. 
“Sir.” The voice of a human servant pulls me from my imagination, and I shake my head against the disturbing, faithless thoughts. A flute of blood rests in his hand, ready for me to take. I do and he scatters just in time for the arrival of hundreds of vampires. 
They prance into the ballroom as one, bringing forth a wave of enthusiastic and anticipating energy. Men have their fangs elongated and primed, as if for show, while women hide theirs away. The archaic society we still exist in is ridiculous. Each one of them is dressed in the newest fashions.       
Soft instrumental music travels from one corner and the distinct buzz of conversation starts to fill the room. Pointless chatter while they wait for me to start. Human servants emerge from the shadows with trays of blood flutes. 
Occasionally, eyes drift to me. The scent of keenness reaches my nose, but I hold back a bit longer, waiting for her to be brought to me. The longer I withhold the excitement, the greater it will be.  
A whole song later, I hear, “Just walk, ma’am,” from close by. Time to play.
I stride from the throne to meet them in the hallway.
“Why should I walk to my death?” 
“If you don’t walk, you die early.” 
The guard’s bluff annoys me. His threat to claim my kill bothers me and I squeeze my hands together behind my back to resist from attacking him.
Their footsteps get closer, and as they turn the corner, I come face to face with my Sinclair witch, as alluring as she is frustrating. The maid skirts off to the side and the guard falls back. I lock eyes with him for a brief second, informing him I heard the commotion. He breaks eye contact right away. 
I move on to examine the witch and something in me shifts in that instant. If I had a heart, it would beat. A feverish feeling begins in my chest, not dissimilar to what I felt last night in her room, and my nerves spike. The comment resting on my tongue slips back inside, but my mouth stays parted, my muscles unwilling to do anything but gape at the striking woman in front of me.
Stunned speechless for the first time…ever.
While Cora was obscenely beautiful, I’ve always found the words to compliment her. But Harlow’s appearance dumbfounds me into silence, and I can’t bring myself to speak. 
When I picked out the dress, I knew what I was doing, but I didn’t imagine my own reaction to it—to her. The dress parts, showing off her creamy legs. Legs that I visualize wrapped around my waist as I—I force the thought to end before it gets too far. The bodice drips low, her breasts resting high. My fangs ache with the need to sink into her soft skin, to drink from her chest as my fingers roll her pert nipples.
Something is wrong with me. I shake my head, still unable to tear my gaze away. She’s put me under a spell, I’m sure of it. She has magic, even if she doesn’t know it. 
Half her red hair rolls down in waves over her shoulders, while some remains pinned up. It was a style Cora herself often enjoyed and I should kill the maid for daring to give Harlow the same one…but I find myself not minding it too much. Not when Harlow’s bright green eyes meet mine from under fluttering dark lashes. 
She’s exquisite. 

Chapter 6
Harlow

My captor is not gone for more than five minutes before a guard enters the dungeon. He’s huge and ugly and remind me of the twin thieves off that one Disney movie. 
“Hey,” I start, “you must be vying for a promotion or something, right? That’s why you’re here.”
No response and I huff in annoyance. He’s too large for me to have a chance at successfully escaping.
The silence breaks as the metal door creaks open again. The vampire doesn’t move, and a second later a girl steps in, dragging a large bag with her. Her many blonde curls bounce with each step she takes and her blue gaze remains focused on me. As if seeing a kidnapped girl is normal. 
Which maybe it is.
“Hi,” she says with a big smile, matching the glow in her eyes. “How are you?”
Really? Pleasantries? “Dandy. What is this?” 
The bag falls between us and she gets to unzipping it, letting various pieces of cosmetics tumble out onto the ground. The feminine glam of the bottles is striking against the dirt, as if they shouldn’t even exist in the same space together. From the bag also comes a mirror and hairdressing tools. She then lifts out a garment bag, laying it flat on the ground between us.
“No.” 
My word pierces the air and the girl glances back at the vampire. His face remains stone, but she must see something that has her shaking her head and saying, “You must. In truth, you don’t have a choice. If you don’t let me, then they will.” 
My lips press together and I consider my limited options. Fighting won’t get me far. If I do as they demand, I at least leave the dungeon and can have a sliver of a chance to escape later.
The vampire steps forward, his steps thumping across the stone as he crosses the space, stopping only a foot from me. His hulking body bends so he’s at eye level with me. “I will be right outside. Do not do anything stupid. She will not help you and remember I can hear everything.”
He turns and strides away, the cell’s door clanging behind him. 
“Now then.” The girl claps her hands together. “I will get started on your hair and makeup.” 
“You’re human. Help me. Why are you doing this? I can help you too.” I’ll do anything to convince her to help me out of here and don’t mask the desperation in my tone.
“I’m sorry.” Her gentle smile wavers. “He’ll kill me if I don’t get you up there.” When she meets my gaze after a beat, there’s a small hint of compassion within them. 
Her words are unsurprising, and I huff an annoyed breath, agitation causing my skin to tingle. “Fine. But who is ‘he’?”
“I’m sorry again, but if he hasn’t told you yet, then it isn’t my place. Now, please shush for the sake of both of us.” Her bright eyes flash, darkening with somberness. 
The secrecy of his name makes no sense. She’s not giving anything helpful away, so I close my eyes and let her prepare me for whatever is coming, powerless to change anything for the moment.
***
Regardless of what is soon to happen, I’m slack jawed when I finally get to see the magic she’s performed on me. My hair had been brushed and tugged into a partial updo. She spent a long time plastering my face with every form of makeup known to man, but now I’m staring at smooth skin, bright painted lips, and dark, smoky eyes. Nothing overdone, but striking nonetheless. When I felt the silk brush my skin, I knew the dress would be something, and I was right. Black, floor length, with a slit up each leg, nearly reaching my hip. I shift and when the material falls to the side of either leg, exposing them to the world, all appreciation for the dress shifts into horror and I swallow. The strapless sweetheart neckline dips to my navel. If I bend even the slightest, it’ll be a show for everyone nearby. 
“Is he actually serious?” I look like a prostitute. A high-class one, but still a prostitute, and I grimace in disgust and embarrassment.
“Yes, ma’am,” the girl replies from the corner. “We must go.” 
I spin, fists clenching, teeth slamming together. “No.” 
My commotion must have reached the hallway because the metal door bangs against the wall as the large vampire from earlier pushes in. “Seems like you’re done in here.” His slow peruse of my body has me shivering in repulsion. “You did wonderful, girl.” 
I wrap my arms around myself, my only protection again his slimy gaze that sets my nerves on edge.
He reaches out, grasping one of my arms and tugs me to his side. I stumble forward, barely catching myself in the mile-high heels. “Come, we’re going now.” 
I’m pulled powerlessly through the long hallway. The damp chill sends a shiver through me, the dress doing little to protect me from the cold. Goosebumps raise on my arms, but his clasp around them makes it so I can’t rub my arms to warm myself.
Instead, I scan the area. It’s a one-way hallway, with us at the end. No windows, and nothing but dozens of identical doors. Nowhere to run. Not that I see myself making it far with him right here. 
I’m towed down the long hall, jogging to keep up with his pace. My heels hook in the uneven ground and my ankles wobble, threatening injury. My annoyed huffs remain unnoticed by him and we make it to a thin staircase, only wide enough for single file. 
The maid behind me murmurs, “You need to let her go so she can walk up the stairs.” 
He turns and snarls at her, but then glances down at me. “Fine. But no funny business. You won’t get far even if you try. Go first.”
His release grants the blood to rush back to my arm and I move it around, try to get feeling back into it. With one hand on the cold wall, I rest a foot on the first step, determining my balance before lifting myself onto the step. I continue the dozen or so stairs with them right behind me. 
The top of the stairs leads to another hallway. Still stony, but warmer than downstairs. Large, patterned tapestries hang on the wall, framing the entire hall. The vampire’s cool hand wraps around my arm again and he pulls. I tug on my arm, doing little but possibly creating a bruise. 
“Just walk, ma’am,” the girl murmurs.
“Why should I walk to my death, hmm?” My words are snarky. 
“If you don’t walk, you die early.” The vampire’s threat has to be empty. Mr. What’s-His-Name won’t let him kill me—not when he’s gone through all this trouble to get me here in the first place. 
I think. 
I hope.
The end of the hallway brings an open area—one that breaks off into multiple directions. The soft melody of music comes from one direction. One of these connecting corridors may be my way out of here, and I’m torn between two directions: to try to run now or continue to wait it out? As he knows what I’m thinking, the vampire’s hand grips me tighter.
A figure steps from the shadows, his hands clasped behind his back. From the outside, he’s a hot guy in dark jeans and a buttoned-up shirt, but I know he’s actually the devil waiting to claim me. 
The girl scampers off to the side, while the vampire stays back and for a moment, I wish I could follow them. My captor’s onyx eyes glow, tinges of white specking the edges, not unlike what I saw in my bedroom. His mouth slips open, a hint of his fangs peeking through his lips and for the longest minute, he says nothing. 
Vampires don’t need to breathe, but I swear his chest heaves once. A flush settles upon me and I glance away, no longer able to bear the weight of his intense gaze. It’s like he’s the guy picking me up for prom—if prom involved vampires, kidnapping, and Goddess knows what else in the coming hours.
Finally, he speaks, but his words come out gravelly. “You look…I have a lot of people eager to meet you.”
“You can tell those people to go to hell,” I bite back. 
He bends until we’re eye level, any previous heat in his gaze now a hardened ball of ice. “Guess what, honey. They already are. We all are, and that is precisely why you are the guest of honor.” His hand darts out quicker than I can track and a single finger strokes the side of my neck. I shiver, hating myself for way my body reacts to his touch. “And, oh, are they ever so hungry for you.”  
“It’ll merely lessen the vampire population. Can’t say I’ll miss you all.” My words remain firm, masking my growing fear. I focus on keeping eye contact, when the only thing I want to do is glance away.
“Unfortunately for you, your blood is not the only thing they’re interested in.” 
My blood stills at the dangerous implication of his words.
“Nothing more to say?” he murmurs after a beat, his eyes flickering in smugness. “Good. Come along now.” He spins on his heel and walks toward the subdued noise. 
I don’t follow. Feet shifts behind me and someone grunts, clearly agitated at my defiance. 
“Little witch,” my captor calls out, “if you do not follow in the next thirty seconds, your grandmother dies, and I will happily allow every vampire in there to fuck you. Make your choice.”
His mention of Grandma has me going still and I fight to swallow the dread. How have I not thought of her since waking up in this nightmare? “Is s-she still safe?” My voice shakes, but I can’t prevent it. He clearly already knows she’ll be my weakness, so what’s the point in aiming for bravado anyway?
“For now.” His tone holds a dark promise.
I huff, knowing I can’t call his bluff. Her life isn’t worth the risk. With Grandma in mind, I step forward and—
A stiff vise wraps around my throat, squeezing tightly, and I gasp out, grabbing any available air I can while my hands push back at him to no avail. His body bows over me, his crazed eyes inches from my own. This isn’t at all like the dungeon earlier. No, before was passionate, if not crazy. This is precarious, evil, and hate all rolled into a single firm grip. His body leans in closer, removing the little bit of space between us. So close there’s only a hairbreadth of space between us, creating a ghost sensation of his mouth on mine.
“Disobey me again and you will not like the consequences. Act like this again and I will slaughter anyone you’ve ever cared about. Do you understand me?” His dark tone chills the surrounding air. 
I nod, a quick jerk of the head, because it’s all I could handle. Then the hand around my throat disappears and I take in deep, steadying breaths and try to manage my painful thumping heart.
“Good then.” He brushes off invisible dirt on his shirt and continues on, as if none of that had ever occurred.  
I have no other choice for now and I follow, unease continuing to prick at my neck. He leads me around a corner into a ballroom and my mouth falls open. The room looks like it’s straight out of a movie. As large as a theatre with high, painted ceilings. I scan them, slightly awed by the beauty of the intricate paintings depicting nature. Each section of the ceiling is a different element that weaves together in the centre, above the chandelier. The ceiling-high windows are draped in dark curtains, covering any indication of the outdoors. 
An orchestra plays softly in the corner, its serene lullaby a direct contrast to the people—vampires—scattered in the room, all with their cold gazes locked on us as we make our way up to the dais where a throne sits. Of course, this dick has a throne. 
He snaps his fingers, gesturing to the right of his chair where two large metal poles sit, dug into the ground. His expression is closed off, deadly, and with his threat in mind, I situate myself between the poles.
 Instantly, his cool hands grasp my wrists, lifting them into the hanging cuffs. The metal snaps, ice against my wrists, until both arms are bound, positioning my body into a Y. He walks around me until he’s out of sight. A finger swipes down my bare back and I can’t help but shudder—in fear or want, I’m not sure.
“Do you feel desired, witch?” His voice drips with sex and suggestion. 
His fingers travel down to my hip, over the curve and toward the bare slits in my dress. I bite my lip against the sensation. Despite his words, his movements remain soft—a lover’s touch. His finger courses down to the base of my leg and stops at my ankle where he straps a cuff to replace his mesmerizing touch. He does the same with the other, and with my body now an X, I’m open for everyone to scrutinize at me. 
My eyes lift to the crowd, though I keep my head bowed against the weight of the hundreds of gazes. I scan quickly, taking in the vampires’ interest before focusing on the puppeteer in all of this. I bite down on the inside of my cheek to prevent shouting out. 
“I present Harlow Sinclair, youngest of the Sinclair witches and your cure to vampirism, if you so wish it. Be merry, drink, chat amongst yourselves, and regard my prize. For tonight, no touching.” His words are joyous. He won and he knows it.
With a final narrowed glare at me, he takes his seat on his throne, looking totally like the victor he thinks he is.
Dick. 

Chapter 7 
Alec

It’s been an hour and the buzz of my prize is hot. Many have approached to talk about costs with me. Others whine about their vampire life and their blathering desire to be human and want a timeline of when they can purchase her blood. I provide them no details other than, “Soon.” 
Partway through the hour, her arms drooped, unable to remain steady against the effort of keeping them erect. I spot the distinct sign of red blooming on her wrists from where the cuffs dig in. She’s practically a weak human. Unfortunate for her, the night is still young. 
Anyone who has approached her has been on the receiving end of her hiss and most back away, as if genuinely afraid her, something I found interesting. Given the fame and curiosity of the Sinclair line, it’s not completely surprising that some fear her. Even Cora didn’t command the same sense of power as Harlow. She was whiny, a queen in her own way, but she controlled people through dislike, not fear. 
I shake my head. As if I could ever lump Harlow and her murderous family in with Cora. 
Marco approaches, his large frame pushing through the crowd of onlookers. Many of the younger and weaker ones fall back, their eyes diving to the ground. No matter how many centuries passes, his age and strength make him stand out against the crowd of many. His eyes flash white as he takes in Harlow’s body. 
“So, this is what’s causing all the fuss.” His slow steps bring him up the dais, placing him right in front of her. His caresses her cheek in time for a stroke of fear to hit her expression—and the scent of it to fill the immediate area. I sniff against the sour scent burning my nose. “Shh,” he coos. “It’s okay, sweet.” 
My chest rumbles with the longing to get her away from him, but I force it aside, instead being the patient observer as his fingers trace the shape of her face and drive into the strands of her hair. She jerks her head away in attempt to avoid his touch, but his grip in her strands forces her steady. His other hand comes up to tilt her head to the side, baring her long neck to him. 
Her breathing halts and her heart thumps faster—a sound I know he also hears. My hands clench around the arms of the chair while I fight to keep my face clear of expression. The strange notion of possession is overwhelming my senses, but I breathe through whatever illusion she is forcing upon me. 
“Beautiful,” he murmurs, his fangs beginning to elongate. 
Words dance on the tip of my tongue and I want to tell him to back off, but she’s as much his as she is mine. More so his than mine, if anything. She’s also the key to peace with Marco, so I continue to sit back, my legs and arms stiff against the chair.
His hand moves down her neck, over her shoulder, and toward her hip. It rests there for a moment, before releasing her altogether and backing away. As he passes by me, he says under his breath, “She’s going to bring in so much coin. Just don’t kill her, Alec, I mean it.” 
	He melts back into the background, leaving Harlow and me alone once again. She’s staring at me with eyes that would take a lesser man down, and in that instant, I am pleased she doesn’t have magic. She’d likely do a lot of harm.
	“Can I have your name?” she asks in a flat tone. “So, I know what to carve on the grave after I kill you.” 
	I laugh at her wit. “If you’re good for the rest of the night, perhaps I’ll give you that much.” Unable to sit any longer, I go to her, stopping short of leaning into her, yet I’m struck with the desire to melt into her warm, soft body. To wipe away Marco’s touch and replace it with my own. “So far,” I murmur into her ear, “you are doing fantastic. And in case you’re interested, I already have about two hundred pre-orders.” I pause, letting it sink in, before adding, “That’s two hundred individual vials of your blood.” 
	The muscles in her shoulders ripple and tighten. Although she doesn’t speak, I know she’s affected by my words. 
	And now to see what else affects her. 
	“Play along and you may eat this week.” I keep my tone low, seductive. 
	A hush falls upon the ballroom and every eye remains on us. They’re waiting to see what I’ll do, and the only way to make sales is to give the customer what they want. 
	My hands land on her shoulders and dance their way down the length of her slender body, brushing the curve of her hips before skirting their way back up to the mounds of her chest. The cloth of her dress is nothing against my strength and I have it torn to shreds with little effort. A collective hiss rises from the observers as her nipples tighten in response. The muscles in her back and shoulders clench.
	“Don’t—”
	Whatever she’s about to say is cut off when I touch her. Only two fingers and a soft pinch is all it takes to have her putty in my hands. She mewls low, as if trying not to succumb to the sensations.
	I want those sounds. To own them. To make her and those noises mine.
	“You’re needy,” I whisper in her ear. “And I,” my hips jerk, my throbbing cock demanding attention, “want to give it.” 
	“Fuck you.” But the lack of conviction in her tone has me smiling into her skin. 
	Skin I long to taste. Keeping one hand on her waist and holding her steady while the other skips between her nipples, pinching and tugging breathy sounds from her throat, my tongue darts out to lick a single line up the length of her neck. She shudders, her tightened muscles loosening.
	With every sigh, every whimper, I win more of her over, drinking in her sounds like blood after a period of starvation. Her scent drifts to my nose, and I know what she will later deny—that she is turned on by all of this. 
“That’s it,” I murmur, sweeping my lips up the warm skin between her neck and shoulder. Longing for more, my mouth opens, cautious of my throbbing fangs that demand to sink into her skin, and suck on her pulse point. Her cry of pleasure causes a shifting in the crowd. 
She’s fucking delicious and while I originally planned on only a hint of what buyers can one day get, I can’t bring myself to release her yet. My free hand continues past her hip and toward her spread legs. I don’t stop until I have the cloth of her dress pulled aside. 
	“Stop…” she murmurs, breathy, no venom behind her words. She wants this, yet she doesn’t want to want it. “I don’t…I don’t…mmm.”  
	The tip of my finger explores her tight hole, eliciting a low cry from her. Her head falls back against my shoulder, no longer fighting what she so clearly wants. I drag my tongue up the length of her neck again, reveling in the shiver I bring her. 
	I sink my finger in deeper, enveloped in her wet heat. Her thighs tremble with desire and I smile into her skin, relishing every second of this. I want to push two fingers into her—to feel her overwhelmed with the pressure I can bring her, but her pleasure isn’t the game here.
“Oh!” she cries out.
“You’re being such a good girl right now. You can come.” I need to see her undone.
“No,” she pants. “You are a monster.” 
Her insides tighten, her moans increasing with the pump of my fingers. I continue to play with her nipples, intensifying the experience, while my mouth works her neck, envisioning it’s her pussy instead. God, I groan, imagining the taste of her. The thought of her heat in my mouth has me nearly willing to clear out the room and see if she tastes as good down there as her skin does.
“She’s extremely responsive,” I hear Marco say.
I thrust my finger into her slowly, then fast, and slow again, allowing her to build the release it so craves. Her wanton sounds, her thumping heart, her increased panting…I want it all. I’ll have it all. 
Cora. 
The name hits me like a brick and I drop my hand from her chest. This is all for Cora, the very woman who I haven’t thought about through all of this. Instead, I’m nearly about to give the descendant of her murderer an orgasm—an orgasm that should only be Cora’s.
“Oh, Goddess, no…Oh, oh…” 
Ashamed, I pull my finger from her, cutting off the orgasm she nearly has. Harlow groans, from frustration rather than pleasure, and I instantly move away from her, putting distance between her and me before I do something stupid. More stupid than I already have. I wasn’t supposed to allow it to go on for as long as it did. 
Harlow felt good in my arms, but that’s not the point. Her hooded gaze tracks me, and I glance away from the potent desire rolling off her. Her scent is nearly too much to bear, but the hundreds of glowing eyes tell me they’re all affected by her. Point made. Sales will follow.
“Harlow Sinclair, everyone. Thank you for coming. Now, leave. We will be in contact.” At my words, my ballroom is emptied within a moment as they all speed away. Left in their absence are champagne flutes of blood and the odd human servant, drained dry on the floor. 
Also gone is Harlow’s lust-filled expression, replaced with one of defiance. Her chin lifts and her nostrils flare. “What. The Fuck. Was that?” she grits. “You’re disgusting. I can’t believe a vampire touched me.” 
“You enjoyed it.” 
She pointedly glares toward my waist. “So, did you. Must be a shame for you. Hot for the witch.” Her lip curls mockingly.
She’s too close to the truth, but I shrug, exuding a guise of carelessness instead of the bitter loathing within me. “It was worth it. I wanted to make sure there was a lot of interest in you.” 
“You’re selling my blood. How did that benefit you in any way?” 
“There will be packages, and one will involve drinking from you.” I opt for partial truth. 
“I will die,” she snarls, her green eyes growing brighter with rage. 
She shouldn’t with the help of another witch. “I’m working on it,” is all I tell her, gesturing to a nearby guard who gets to undoing her right away. Once she’s free, she immediately takes to rubbing her ankles and wrists. Basset hands her a shirt to cover up with—something I initially didn’t care for, but I suppose I can’t have her freezing down below in a ripped dress. She slips it on right away and it falls to her thighs.
“Take her to her room,” I demand. 
“Please tell me I get the penthouse suite. I am an honored guest after all.” Her sweet sticky smile is directed at him rather than me.
I walk away, unable to look at the source of my unfaithfulness any longer. While it may have been for a purpose, she’s a Sinclair and that alone is betrayal to Cora’s memory. Worse, because I enjoyed it as well. I rub my chest, hating the warm feeling that’s there. My steps quicken in attempt to get away from her.
The guards will take it from here and Basset will ensure my commands are followed. A few days in the dungeon on little food and water will do it. I’ll break her. I’ll use her. 
And then I’ll kill her.

Chapter 8 
Harlow

	The guard’s meaty hand becomes a vise around my upper arm once more and he yanks me from the stage. The force combined with the numbness still present after being stuck in chains for the past while feels like hell.
My heels dig into the stone. “Enough with the pulling. I’ll walk.” If I’m jerked around by my arm one more time…Goddess, I hate that my family line lost magic. It would be extremely useful right now.
Shockingly, he releases me with a small shove forward. My legs tangle in the dress, but with the donated shirt covering all my important bits, I strip the dress down my legs, kicking it off as we walk. My heels soon follow. The vampire at my back says nothing about the mess I leave behind.  
We make it to the same staircase as before, so clearly, I’m headed back to the dungeon. The vampire pushes open the door to the pitch-black staircase and my eyes struggle to adjust to the shadows. I slow my pace, keeping one arm steady on the wall, to ensure I don’t fall. I want out of here, but not as a dead body. 
“Walk faster.” 
“Do you want me to fall and break my neck?” I’m sure that will go over well with whatever-his-name-is.
A man I don’t even know violated me in front of others. Vampires. He’s a stranger, and worse, a villain. My kidnapper. It was disrespectful, but still, I flush at the feeling of his touch ghosting over me, his fingers marking me in their path, and as disgusting as I tell myself I found it, I can’t lie about the reactions he pulled from me. I liked it, to my horror. 
Mentally, I murder him a thousand times over for the almost-orgasm he stole from me. One moment he was there—I felt it—he enjoyed what he did to me. I’m not sure if he knows, but the hardness of his body against mine, the eager way his fingers thrusted, and his own breaths gave away his secret. Then the next second, he was gone, physically and emotionally pulled away, as if something in him woke up. 
	Touching me without permission is enough for my rage, but to almost get me there and then take it away at the last minute is merciless. 

At the bottom of the stairs, the vampire’s hand shoves me in the direction of my cell. He gives me a lot of credit if he thinks I can run from a doorless corridor. 
“Do I open my own door, or will you be doing that?” I ask, my tone dripping in sugar.
We make it to the cell, and he does nothing, silently responding to my question. I roll my eyes and push open the extremely heavy door, my tender muscles crying at the movements. The dank scent of hell greets me, only this time the chair is gone, replaced by a single blanket. The distinct tiny light of a camera penetrates the dim lighting from the ceiling corners.  
“The hospitality in this place is astounding. I love the single blanket. I certainly must thank your master. Please, pass the message on.” 
He glares at me. “You are lucky he is nice enough to provide you with even that. I wouldn’t.” At that, he slams the door and I hear the loud clank of the door being locked.
I’m alone. 
While I’m sure there’s nothing down here that can help me, I feel I have to check regardless. My hands rub up and down the stone walls, searching for any loose or cracked stone. Perhaps previous captives had found their way out of here. It’s a pipe-dream hope, not even in the realm of possibility, but for the zero-point-one percent chance, I try. 
And nothing, not that it’s much of a surprise. 
I take the blanket, bringing it to the far wall and set myself up on top of it. Goosebumps decorate my arms and legs, but the blanket will be more useful to keep myself off the dirty, cold ground. I rub my arms and legs, willing friction to be enough. 
I wait. 
And wait. 
And wait.
For the unknown. 
***
Endless time passes—or that’s what it feels like anyway—before the door opens and a small patch of light from the hall pours in. A lone figure walks through the door, shuts it, sealing himself in with me. I stand.
“Hello, Harlow.” 
“Hello, kidnapper.” 
There’s a whoosh and then he’s standing right in front of me, startling me with his quickness. Despite the dim lighting, I see him perfectly. Every flawless inch of him. He reaches out and strokes a crisp line down my cheek and I recoil from his touch, pushing myself back into the wall behind me. 
“Stop touching me. You’ve had your share.” It only releases as a whisper, though I aim for a firmer statement.
He laughs softly—a sound too gentle to be coming from him, but he does what I ask and pulls his hand away. “Yes, you were delicious in that presentation. I couldn’t ask for a better partner.” He inclines his head towards me, the shadows parting and allowing me to have a clearer image of him. “How is it,” he murmurs, “that you smell delicious and of poison at the same time?” 
I ignore him and ask, “Do I get more than a blanket?”
“No,” he says simply. 
“Clothing?” I gesture to my bare legs, huffing.
“No, I quite like this outfit.
“Your name at least?” 
“Hmm,” he ponders. “I suppose I can tell you now. You will be here for a while, after all. But, tomorrow perhaps. When you’re good, I will reward you.” 
As if I’m a dog. “With anything?” My brows hike with my question. 
“Anything within reason.”
“Clothing?” 
He only shrugs and I resist huffing in frustration. For now, we’re making progress and I can’t have him going backwards. I also don’t miss the part about “being good.”
“And what do I need to do to earn these things?” When he says nothing, I add, “Why are you down here?” 
“My castle, my rules. First, let me ask you, how did you enjoy earlier?” 
A bubble of laughter bursts out of me. “Are you seeking a review? It was a violation. It disgusts me.” My lips form a sneer for added measure. Yet, the shame I feel doesn’t disappear. It’s a violation to which my body had welcomed.
As if he knows where my mind is, he says, “Your body didn’t think so,” while stepping into my space. Already being against the wall, I have nowhere to escape to. His chest kisses mine, invading the inches between him and me. 
My breath hitches and I suck in all the air surrounding us. He has a commanding presence, and he uses it to his benefit. A king parading his power. 
His hands lightly rest on my hips and my gaze finds his, my heart hammering against my chest. I shouldn’t be feeling anything but hate right now, but instead my stupid, traitorous body doesn’t push him away. 
Logic awakens just in time to say, “Don’t.” But it comes out weak, nothing more than a murmur. 
“Don’t what?” His hands drift to my legs. The muscles tighten—in anticipation or resistance, I’m not sure which. His fingers skirt the edging of the shirt, fingering the ends.
“Don’t touch me,” I try again, also not firm. My brain has turned off at the feeling of his touch and I can’t force conviction into my words. 
“Your heart says otherwise.” 
His feather-light touches take away any leftover will as they travel up my thigh, moving the shirt aside as he goes. My teeth dig into my lip, stopping any sounds that threaten to escape. His black eyes meet mine and the telling flash of white appears. 
He’s turned on. 
But so am I.
My eyes slide shut as my inner voice screams for logic to kick in. It doesn’t though and anything I want to say remains on the edge of my tongue as his finger strokes me. I jerk in his hold, already trembling from need. The tip of his finger slips in, while his thumb rubs my clit.
He’s like a drug. I know he’s bad for me, dangerous even; yet, I can’t help myself from getting addicted to his touch.
I ache. 
For him. 
“You’re damp. And your scent is inebriating. Do you know what a woman smells like when she’s turned on?” 
I say nothing, watching him warily through heavy eyes. So far, his words have tempted me further than I ever wanted, and his next ones are bound to lure me into another unwanted feeling.
“Mine.” 
As if his word is a trigger, his finger sinks inside of me again and I can’t hold back my cry of unfiltered desire. Still tingling from before, it doesn’t take long for the pressure to build inside of me. Only a few strokes of his finger and—
“No.” 
My hands fly to his chest and I shove him, putting as much force as I can muster into the move. I must surprise him because he lets me, stumbling back two steps, his face an expression of astonishment. 
“Not again.” I won’t let him touch me again. He’s a monster and I’m not a whore. Shame hovers over my head for letting my kidnapper—a vampire who very well may kill me—touch me yet again. 
“You enjoyed it.” His finger lifts to his nose and he takes a deep drag, his eyes sparkling. “Mmm, delicious.”  
I hike one side of my nose into a sneer—a show only, because his words ring true. I enjoyed it more than I should have. A burning resentment takes over and I look away, my legs clenching together while I wait for the lust to dissipate.
After a beat, he says, “Food will be here later. I need to go. I have other pressing matters.” His words are stony, detached.
I expect him to walk away, to close the door and leave me alone again, but instead he rushes forward, stopping in front of me once more. My eyes blaze, mouth falling open to tell him off again, but the sting of a bee has my hand shooting to my neck instead. 
“Ow.” 
In his hand is a small syringe with a large needle protruding from it. My blood fills the vial. 
My eyes narrow as I put pressure onto my neck. “Already?” 
He doesn’t move his eyes away from the syringe when he says, “This is for me.” 
As fast as I try to ask a follow-up question, he’s gone, door shut behind him and the distinct sound of the lock echoing the space. Damn vampire speed. 
What the fuck was all that? 
Sliding back down the wall with a long, frustrated groan, I detest my body for responding to him, when my main focus should be escaping. I need to get out of here. He mentioned food coming later, and perhaps I’ll have a chance to escape then.
A short while later, soft banging journeys into the cell from outside. The click of the lock ricochets through the room…followed by another. Despite wariness tugging at my nerves, I cautiously walk toward the door, finding a tray with a single slice of bread and a glass of water. 
Bread and water. I frown at my measly meal. This is a meal for a person they want to keep barely alive. I would think they would want to keep my blood healthy and flowing, but what do I know about what occurs within a vampire’s brain? 
Part of me wants to walk away from the food—if it can even be called that—and shoot a nice fuck you to my captor, but I do need to remain as strong. Therefore, the tray joins me in my corner. 
After sitting back down, the edges of a small slip of paper folded up beneath the glass catches my attention and I pick it up to read the words: Alec. 

Chapter 9 
Alec

She carries the tray to her blanket, and even through the monitor, I call feel the anger radiating off of her. I suppose she dislikes the meal. I observe as she gingerly takes a seat on the blanket and tucks her feet underneath her. She finds my note, but something moves within me as I watch her pick up the single slice of bread I provided her. Guilt? She’ll be here for a long time and I do have intentions to eventually provide her with more food. No one will buy her if she’s half-starved. It’s simply bad business if I don’t feed her better, which is why Basset hired a couple humans for the kitchen.
Why do I feel guilty right now? I shove it down. Knowing I’ll eventually give her more nutritional food should be a stake to the emotional typhoon swirling inside me…but it isn’t. It seems oddly…right. Like I should be remorseful of my actions. 
And maybe I should. After the event, guilt nagged me for enjoying Harlow’s body as much as I did. She’s the enemy here. I’ll be taking her life eventually, not fucking her, despite my body aching to perform the latter of the two. I needed the vial of blood for my current meeting, but I hadn’t planned on staying for more than a couple of seconds. I definitely hadn’t planned on repeating the stage’s activities. Her scent floats around me, thanks to the hand I haven’t washed yet. She’s too…addicting. 
A scowl builds and I turn away from the monitors to take in the small woman standing in front of me. Her long blonde hair reaches her waist, as if she’s trying to project the typical media image of a witch. 
 “Mary,” I greet. 
“I’m not an animal to be summoned.” She stalks by me and takes a seat in the far corner of my office, opposite from where I am and far away from the monitors. Her scowl looks wrong on her delicate, feminine features. “Remember that, Alec.” 
She waits, aware I only summon her when I need powerful magic accomplished. Mary claims she’s the “First Witch”, or something like that, and is only here “to bring their Goddess to Earth.” I’ve brushed her claims aside countless times because it all sounds like nonsense. Whatever the truth is, she’s powerful and that’s all I care about.
“It’s been a while since I have heard from you,” she muses. “Two decades to the day, in fact. So, what is it this time?” 
I take the seat opposite her, hopeful this will go as planned. “I need another favour. I need this”—I hand her the vial— “tested.” While she’s worked against her own witches before, she won’t ever do something to directly harm them, no matter how much I try and threaten her, so I won’t tell her whose blood is in the vial.
She takes it, examining the red liquid, her eyes growing brighter with every passing second. “Sinclair, hmm? One you haven’t slaughtered yet.” Mary meets my gaze and her lips twitch at the drop of my brows. “You think I don’t really know why I’m here? You want me to make it so she doesn’t die when a vampire drinks from her. Except that’s already been done for you. The spell turning her blood into a cure also protects her from death by your kind’s bite. It wouldn’t do anyone much good if it killed her.” She rolls her eyes, as if I’m supposed to know how witches’ magic works.
I’m rocked to the core but I smile, euphoric. While this is more opportune for sure, I’m imagining Harlow’s throat between my fists. It may be an irrational reaction, as it’s obvious why she wouldn’t willingly tell me—if she even knows it herself. Still, my surprise is rooted in the convenience of the situation.
“You also wish me to remove the curse on her blood, simply for you to be able to drink from her and remain as you are,” Mary continues, her tone bored, as if reciting something for the hundredth time. “You’re playing with fire, Alec. She’s powerful.”
“Powerful,” I scoff. “She’s powerless. She’s useless. Her magic has long been faded out.” 
Mary meets my eyes again and her stare is blistering with determination. “I didn’t say her powers are within her.” 
“Stop speaking in riddles,” I demand harshly. 
For a long moment, she says and does nothing. Her face is wiped of emotion, until she huffs once and declares, “Testing this will do no good. You can already drink from her freely.”
For the second time in this conversation, I’m stunned by the new information. “How?” 
“Alec, do you remember what I told you when we first met two centuries ago?”
“Vividly.” 
I head down to the dungeons after Basset informs me they have her. She’s been an impossible find, but I am sure she’s worth the wait after evading us for a century. 
In the corner of the cell sits a single cot with a small female curled up on it. Her body is folded, cloak covering all parts of her like a large shield, with her long blond hair a curtain by her side. Rumours claim this witch—this Mary—is the oldest witch in existence. If this is true, I need her on my team. If this is untrue, she dies. 
“Mary.” 
She raises her head but does not unfold her body. “Who are you, vampire?” 
“My name is Lord Alexander Dormer II.” I smile kindly, projecting the version of me she will want. “But please, call me Alec.”
Mary finally unfolds herself and drops the small girl act we both know to be fake. As she approaches me, there is no fear present in her eyes, only curiosity. “You want me to work for you.” It’s a statement, not a question.
I smile, showing her a hint of fang. A threat. “You do know all.” 
Her voice and expression both goes flat. “I know more than you think I do. The Goddess sent me visions of your curse.” Her blonde eyebrows hike, as if daring me to challenge her. 
“I have heard you claim to be your goddess’s mouthpiece.” 
Mary’s eyes narrow, her lips folding into a frown. “I am the First Witch. I was placed here to ensure the Goddess’s daughters continue to prosper, and I know a witch had placed a spell upon you that another witch will be your ruin. ‘Undoing’ was the word she used actually.”
I take a step back from her, fisting my trembling hands. For the first time since Cora’s death, I’m nervous. She shouldn’t be able to know that—know the incident I’ve long buried away. “You know nothing of that. She was a dying witch, babbling.”
She shakes her head. “No, she did as she promised. It is why I am here today.” 
My booming laugh echoes around the space. “You are here because I had you captured.” Still, the time it took to capture her does indicate she knows how to evade us.
She matches my laugh. “I was on my way to you. I let them capture me because it is time you know your future.” 
“My future?” 
She says nothing, but reaches a hand toward me. I want to pull back, but being strangely compelled, I remain still. Her small hands rests upon my chest, where my once-beating heart lived. 
Mary’s eyes roll back into her head and a jolt of electricity passes through her hand and into me. In the same instant, my vision vanishes, replaced by pure darkness. 
“There is a witch…” Mary’s voice sounds like an echo from far away. “A witch from a fiery coven, with red hair. There is a vampire. A vampire who exists in darkness and feels only darkness. Together, they will make up the first fated pair and will rule the two groups into the future. Together, she will find herself again and he will be undone.” There’s a quick flash of red before I gain my sight back. 
“What the fuck was that? Tell me what it was!”
“That was your future. You will find your mate, and she is one of my kind.” 
“Mate?” I scoff. “It’s a thing of fairy tales. My kind does not have mates.” We’re designed to be alone.
Mary shrugs, as if none of this is important to her. “You do. The Goddess wills it.” 
“Mary, what are you saying?” I didn’t believe her nonsenses then, and I still don’t. After that day, I hadn’t given her theory another deliberation.
“I am saying I cannot change this blood because it won’t harm you. The Sinclair girl you have below is your mate.” 
I bristle, annoyance spiking my immortal nerves. “We’ve fought about this before. Mary, mates are a thing of fiction; of pop culture trying to make my species appear more appealing. There is no such thing as ‘fated mates’ or ‘soul mates’ or whatever shit you’re talking about.” My fists clench, my tone raising with irritation.
She blows out a breath, long and exasperated. “Believe what you want, but it’s true. Your plan to sell her blood off all so you can eventually murder her is futile.”
I hesitate saying anything, but in all the years, despite everything, not once has she ever worked against me, so why start now? “She deserves to die.” The words taste like acid in my mouth. 
Acid. 
What the fuck?
Rage overtakes me. I killed the witch because she murdered Cora. I had no choice. She couldn’t live. I avenged the woman I loved, and “fate” decided to intervene to give me another woman. This time, one I don’t want. One from the same bloodline. 
If she’s right, then fate is a cruel bitch.
If I hadn’t killed that witch, this wouldn’t be happening right now. But then, Cora’s killer would have been free. It’s an impossible what-if scenario I need to move past.
Besides, fated mates are not real.
“But I warn you, before you try to work against her, the magic that exists between you two will not allow you to harm her. Nothing physically and mentally lasting. So, your plan to kill her when all is said and done...you can’t, no matter how much you think you want to. Those tingles and feelings you’ve been getting since you met her…they’re happening for a reason.”
As if feeling it now, I rub at the spot on my chest where an echo of the sensation remains.
Both times, she was intensely responsive to me. And her bedroom…
“Nonsense.” But my words aren’t stronger than a whisper.
“That’s why you wanted me to remove the curse on her blood for you. You are compelled by her.” Her eyes glow again, as if she has discovered the secret to the world. 
I huff and rub my tongue along a fang. Now, she’s pissing me off.
“You are playing a dangerous game,” she finishes. 
 “Get out.” 
With raised brows she shrugs and heads for the door. It creaks as she pulls it open, but before leaving, she murmurs, “Alec, good luck. You are the only one of your kind to have a mate, so…don’t hurt her the way you are planning.”
The door shuts in the cloud of wrath hanging above my head. Alone now, I suck it into me. It starts in my stomach, travels down my arms, before moving up to my head, and for the first time in my immortal life, I feel the pounding of a headache. 
My desk lamp finds itself in my tight grip and I throw it against the closed door, imagining Mary’s face. It hits the door and smashes into a million pieces. 
She’s too valuable for me to kill. Frustration pricks at me and I stalk to my phone, using speed-dial to get to my assistant. “Basset.”
He responds right away. “Sir.” 
“The pre-orders…the first name on the list—bring them in. We will be having a special breakfast tomorrow morning.”
The phone cuts off as I hang up, and I’m already thinking about all the reasons I need to keep this new information away from Marco. It may not be true…but something in me says he shouldn’t know.
Chapter 10 
Harlow

Eventually, exhaustion wins out and I utilize the bit of generosity I’m given by stretching the blanket out on the cold, hard ground. It’s just large enough I’m able to lay on half and fold the other side over me. While it’s not comfortable by any means, it will have to do for now. I fold my arms under my head in a makeshift pillow and my eyes close.
How did a normal day turn into such a hellish one? Grandma must be going insane with worry and thinking about her has my own gut twisting. She shouldn’t be stressing herself out like I’m sure she is. 
I will be home soon, I promise her, picturing the reunion as I allow myself to drift to sleep.
***
It turns out to be a shitty sleep; physically uncomfortable, mentally disconcerting, and extremely restless. The blanket does nothing to protect me from the small stones scattered under me on the dirt-covered cement, and after a short while, the chill seeps through the thin material, proving it useless against the bitter cold. 
Villain 101 says this should be a day of solitary for me. The concept being to leave me alone for a while with minimal food and water and wait until I break and become compliant. 
Too bad for them, I have no plans of yielding. Alec won’t know what hit him. 
***
Clunk. The door swings open and the same human girl walks into the cell, accompanied by a vampire, different than yesterday’s. He carries in a suitcase larger than me and drops it by the girl before retreating.
“Good morning.” Wariness tinges her tone. “How are you?” 
“Dandy,” I reply, keeping my voice humourless. Is she kidding? 
She says nothing more and begins to work on opening the large bag. Like yesterday, a mini wardrobe spills from it. Makeup, hair accessories, clothing…you name it, it’s there. 
“Again?” I ask, arms crossing, as she lays out all the hair tools on a cloth. 
“Don’t worry, the dress isn’t as revealing this time.”
My eyes roll. Because that’s all I’m concerned about.
From the bag comes a plain black halter dress. It’s short, shorter than I would prefer, but at least will cover my breasts. 
She points to a spot on the ground, and I grudgingly move to stand there and allow her to complete her task. Out comes a warm cloth which she uses to wipe away any of the grimy leftovers of yesterday’s makeup before caking on fresh stuff. My arms and legs are rubbed down with a vanilla-scented body cream and she leaves my hair down straight, only brushing it smooth. While the cream smells pleasant, I long for a shower and wonder when I will be granted one of those.
Once satisfied, she gestures for me to remove the shirt. I do so, quickly and avoiding her gaze to convince myself she isn’t watching, and when finished, she hands me the dress. She zips it up, and sure enough, it covers the top of my breasts while barely covering my ass.
 “We’re done here.” Her tone is quiet and I’m not sure if she’s speaking to me or—
The door immediately swings open and in walks the guard. He scans me and nods. “Clean this up,” he says to the girl, “and leave the bag. Someone will come for it. You”—his eyes shift to me—“follow.” 
We leave, him taking lead this time and me trailing behind while I shoot daggers into his back. He walks me up the stone staircase again and down the hall, a similar way as yesterday. Instead of turning, he goes into the opposite direction and leads me into a new room. 
This one is large, but a bit smaller than the throne room. Lower ceilings and half the length. The walls are white with intricate designs carved out. In the centre of the room sits a long wooden dining table with wingback chairs scattered around it. There’s no door at the other end and I suspect this one will remain guarded. Sitting at the end of the table closest to me is Alec, facing away.
“Sir,” the guard starts, staying in the doorway. 
“Harlow, come.” His tone is passive, like someone who regularly gives out orders.
“I’m not a dog, Alec,” I snarl. How dare he…?
“I’m glad you got my note. Continue to be good and perhaps a change of clothes will be in your future.” I don’t miss the suggestion there. Do what he demands today, and I get the clothing I want.
Alec stands, facing me. His black eyes seem darker than usual, and anger radiates from their centres. They remain locked on my face. Simple defiance is angering him to this level? Good to know. “You’re being rude to your guest,” he says smoothly, gesturing behind him. 
No. My muscles lock in defence. Already? My eyes scan the room, back and forth, up and down, until finally I spot something between the line of candle holders. Beyond them, mostly blocked from view, is another figure. From here, their features are unclear. 
“No. No…no.” My stomach flops. My feet compel me backward, away, but Alec’s hand snatches my hand, holding me firm in spot. His grip remains tight on my hand and my tugs are nothing compared to his strength. I meet his gaze, hoping to project enough fear that he releases me. Instead of anger or annoyance at my resistance, something else flashes in his deep eyes, something I haven’t seen on him yet. Compassion? 
I revert back to my previous lie. “I’ll die.”  
One side of Alec’s mouth twists and removes any sense of empathy that may have been there. “See, I was told otherwise, and I’ll believe my other source first, since she’s not trying to save her skin at this exact moment.” 
Blood pounds in my ears and my heart beats faster. Beads of sweat drip down my neck. “Fuck.” My knees lock, resisting what I’m positive is inevitable. Something is shoved into my back, throwing me forward and I stumble before righting myself. Alec tugs me to his side. 
“Walk.” His voice holds the promise of death. Gone is the Alec from yesterday and replacing him is the king of this enterprise once more. “Don’t forget about the people you care about.” 
His vile words urge me forward, walking the length of the table with him close by. The closer we get, the more apparent the appearance of the other man becomes. He’s young, maybe mid-twenties, with short blond hair. He doesn’t appear to be the monster I know he is. 
He stands as we approach. “Hello.” His gentle word is paired with a small smile, but I give none back.
Alec leans down to whisper in my ear, but we all know how useless it is in front of another vampire. “Be good.” 
My muscles refuse to unlock with the knowledge that there is no escape. This is it. My family has been successful in protecting me against these monsters, so none have had the opportunity to bite me yet. Yet. A word I hoped would be never; that by no means one would have the chance to bite me. My heart pounds painfully and I don’t want to calm down. Let them hear my panic.
My teeth sink into the inner lining of my mouth, but still I ask the newcomer, “Why do you want to be human?” 
His tentative smile grows into a more tranquil one. “For a girl. A human girl. We met three years ago, and while I know a human-vampire pairing is unlikely and not typically approved of—” his eyes shoot to Alec for a second before finishing his story, “—we couldn’t help ourselves. After a year, I stopped hiding from her, and while she’s fine with growing old and dying without me, I do not wish to feel the pain of her loss in sixty years. Not when there is a solution to my issue, and so I want to age with her.” His molten eyes drift down to his own hands, breaking his gaze with me. “I am sorry, miss, but this is something I need to do for her.” 
A solution. I’m a solution. 
Still, he seems quite…genuine. Of all the vampires who came for me, I’ve never stopped to ask them why—obviously—but maybe not all them had selfish reasons. Fear tinges my nerves rather than overtaking them.
“That’s…noble,” I tell him honestly, head tilting.
“Don’t think I do not know the sacrifice you are making. You are incredibly kind to be offering your blood up for people like me. It’s a price I suspect I will not regret paying.”
Offering? I whip around to meet Alec’s knowing smirk. What. The. Fuck?
“Where would you like the mark?” the stranger asks.
He’s asking me where I want to be bitten. I suppose, of all first bites, I could have it worse. I examine Alec’s expression, seeking some sign this is a trick and this vampire will end up ripping into me instead, but he remains passive and calm, his eyes lightly focused on the scene in front of him.
Instincts tell me to run, to tell him to fuck off and not bite me at all, but Alec’s earlier threats against Grandma echoes through my mind and I inhale deeply before speaking. This is for you, Grandma. 
“My wrist, I suppose.” 
“So be it,” he says, bending down to my wrist. 
His mouth opens wide, allowing the room required for his fangs to elongate. While this isn’t the first time I’ve seen a vampire’s fangs at full extension, it’s definitely the closest. Despite the new experience, I look away, not wanting to watch the process. 
Alec’s eyes find mine, and regardless of everything leading up to this point, he’s the best thing—the best person—to watch for now. He put me in this hell; the least he can do is help me through it. 
Too soon, he breaks hold of my eyes, shifting to watch the vampire instead. His jaw ticks as the vampire’s fangs enters my skin. It’s like two needles jamming into me simultaneously and I gasp, instinctively trying to pull away from the pain. The vampire’s hands come up to hold my arm, locking me in place as his mouth massages my skin, sucking my blood—and the cure—from me. 
His tongue sweeps my skin and I gasp, falling into the trap of sensation. It’s a feeling of pain and pleasure; my wrist stings while desire burns straight through me, lulling me into false safety. Alec’s jaw appears to—impossibly—get tighter, as if he’s angry or annoyed by something. 
His jaw stretches, his fangs protruding from his lips. 
“Bite me,” I demand, feeling like I’ll die if he doesn’t.
And then he gives me what I want, his teeth sinking into the curve of my thigh. With every gulp of my blood, he claims more of me and I fall into him. I want his possession—to be owned by him.
The teeth jerk from my wrist, and with it, my vision is gone. Without the vampire’s hands, I fall back, half-expecting to land on the ground, but Alec catches my fall. His eyes, spotted with white, scrutinize my face. I flush, recalling the image of those same eyes trained on my thigh moments ago in whatever disturbing daydream I just had.
The vampire wipes his mouth, breaking the spell I’m falling under once again. “Your blood tastes like honey.” He glances at Alec and adds, “You will be making a fortune off this, friend.” 
Alec says nothing but studies me, his foot tapping on the floor. “How long does this take to work?” 
I lift a weak shoulder up into a shrug. “This is the first time I’ve been bitten. I don’t know how this works.” I take a deep breath and add, “You’re old enough to know my line, so you’d know better than me.” With the sensual feeling gone, my head goes light, spots starting to decorate my vision.
His eyes remain pinned on me, his brow furrowed, as if I’m a puzzle he’s trying to figure out. After a beat, he lifts his gaze to the other vampire. “You’ve gotten what you paid for. Leave.” At that, he spins on his heel, tugging me along with him. I stumble by his side, reaching my free hand out to grab a hold of his. He’s going way too quick…
“Wait!” the vampire calls out. “What if it didn’t work? I’ll need more of her.” 
A snarl rips from Alec’s throat and he spins around, tucking me behind him. The muscles in his back roll under his shirt. One arm shoots out to the side, as if creating a wall between us, while his other remains clamped on my wrist.
“You paid for her blood. You got it. This transaction is over.” He shifts his body so it takes up more space, covering me from view, and his legs bend into a slight crouch. “It’s not my problem if it doesn’t work.” 
“It is when it’s your whole business model. If I don’t become human from this, for the price I paid, I will slander you to everyo—” His words abruptly cut off with a gurgling noise and I peek around Alec in time to watch the vampire drop to the ground, clutching his head. His high-pitched scream ricochets around the dining room. 
This is my magic at work. This is why my ancestors did this. 
Alec drops his arms, presumably sensing the immediate danger having gone. The vampire’s screams continue to pierce the air. His back bows forward—
And then. 
Silence. 
A moment later: “It worked.” The voice carries with it a sense of wonder.
I step around Alec, curious to see the proof. My blood being the cure is a well-known family trait, but seeing it is…different. Magical. 
The vampire—ex-vampire—stands, staring in disbelief at his hands. They reach up, stroking his human teeth. Gone are the black eyes, gone are the fangs, gone is the inhuman posture. In his place is a man, same outward appearance, with dim brown eyes. His stance is slouched, like he’s adopted a weaker spine.
His hands trace his body up and down. “Oh, my God, it worked. You will make a fortune.” His eyes find me, bewilderment shining. “Thank you. I can’t ever repay you for this. Just—wow! I even feel weaker.” 
With his wonder passed, he scans the area. Suddenly, he’s a sheep among wolves. Before anyone stops him, he strides past us and out the door. 
With him gone and the excitement passed, my body grows weak again and I stagger.
“That was your first bite.” It’s not a question.
“Yes,” I whisper, my energy expelling quickly. The room wobbles…my skin heats and I lift my hand in hopes to wipe away the building perspiration on my neck…
Two arms wrap around my waist, holding me. His body, flush against mine, feels safe, despite him being the devil who placed me in this whole situation. I blink up at him, working through the blur, but seeing nothing but darkness edged with light.
“You fainted,” he states. “Or were on your way to, at least.”
“Well, thanks,” I mumble. 
His arms remain firm around my waist and for the moment—the single moment in time—I let my head fall on his shoulders. Just for a moment, I close my eyes…
Darkness overtakes me and I leave myself in Alec’s comforting hands.

Chapter 11 
Alec

She’s exactly where I ordered her to be—naked, tied-up, and spread across the bed. 
The human observes me with a mix of fascination and terror as I remove my clothing. Under the fear, the saccharine aroma of her arousal fills the room. She is scared of the monster I am, but appreciates the body it lives in. Humans are so predictable. 
I crawl up her body, arms braced above her. Her bright, excited eyes meet mine, but I break the gaze. Eye contact is personal for humans, and she isn’t becoming another feeder who believes she can be “the one” for me.
Apparently, I already have one of those. 
My fangs elongate at the sight of her throbbing pulse and I roughly force her head aside, baring her neck to me. I line myself up to her warm pussy and push in at the same time my teeth sink into her skin. An enthusiastic moan breaks from her lips and her pussy contracts around me. 
Despite her obvious cries of pleasure, she tries to pull away from my teeth, but I only suck deeper and faster. They all seem to do this, focus on the intimacy rather than the feeding. I drop more of my weight onto her body, reminding her who is in charge here.
She yells out when her orgasm hits and I take the advantage of the momentary heightened sweetness of her blood to suck in deeper gulps. When her orgasm finishes, I rip my teeth from her neck, also done with her.
She peers up at me, eyes partly lidded and slowly scans my body, her gaze resting on my erect cock. “You didn’t come.” 
“Don’t flatter yourself,” I say, grabbing my clothing and stalk from the room, leaving her tied up.  I make it a few doors down to my room without interruption and head for my large shower that takes up a corner of the bathroom. 
The feeder did nothing to block the scenes that have been playing in my mind all afternoon. I had hoped she would distract me from the anger impulses I get each time I recall this morning.
I should not be pleased Harlow’s first customer was a kind one, who didn’t wish to harm her more than he had to, but it’s a lie. His generosity was the only reason I didn’t rip her from his arms. The memory of him biting her has my fists clenching. 
Her first bite. I should have been her first bite. 
The thought is sudden and intrusive, and my fists smashes into the shower wall in front of me, leaving another dent in the ceramic to match the other dozen I’ve put there over the years. 
I hunted her. I hurt her. I drugged her. None of that hurt bothered. I handed her over to a vampire, allowed him to bite her, and it put my stomach into knots for the first time in centuries. 
When the new human ran by us, I stopped myself from ripping into him. These damn mate instincts are taking over my body, making me want to protect her. They’re consuming my mind, causing me think of her all the time and slowly replacing memories of Cora, and that can’t happen. I cannot let yet another witch take Cora from me.
Her gasp, having to stand by and witness him cause her pain, had my muscles fighting to remain in check and not lunge at him. In the time he drank from her, I pictured a few dozen different ways I could have killed him in the moment. Once he became human, that number increased to a few hundred. After all, humans are much easier to get rid of. 
My fists clench tighter than ever before and the wall in front of me is calling for another punch.
She fainted, dammit. Worse, I didn’t even think before catching her. My men had offered to take her back to her cell, but I insisted on taking her to her room myself. To tuck her in, and then tucked my hands away to resist touching her longer than I should have. 
She’s soft. Softer than any other woman I’ve ever been with, somehow. Softer than Cora. Something about her compels me in and I can’t stop myself from wanting…her. I loved Cora. Her personality, her body, her bloodlust. But nothing about her ever called to me in the same way Harlow does.
I shouldn’t care that I wasn’t her first bite because I’ll be her last—when I tear her throat out. The image of Harlow, dead, and bleeding at my feet has my stomach clenching, my fists tightening again and before I grant the wall another crack, I step from the shower. 
How will I ever be able to sell her body?
And when the answer hits me, I find my phone to make two calls, but the waiting text message has me pausing. 
Marco: How’s it progressing?
I ignore the message, swiping it away in favour of the phone app and make two calls.
The first to Basset: “Tonight, set her up in the hall. Call Victoria and have her extract as much as she can from her.” 
The second to Mary: “Get here now, witch. I have a job for you.”  
***
Buyers’ profiles are momentarily filling my mind until I hear the gentle open and close of my office door. Mary stomps toward me, but the carpeted flooring combined with her slight body doesn’t allow her to make the impact she is going for. 
“Good, you’re here.” A ball sits in my stomach when I imagine her doing what I will be asking her to.
“You summoned me.” She’s sarcastic, of course, even though it is exactly what I did. 
“I think I believe you,” I spit out the acidic words.
Her eyebrows raise into her hairline. “About what exactly?” 
“Harlow. Mate.” I pause, a ball in my throat. I haven’t been choked up since I was a human. “I believe you. As ridiculous as the concept is. Mates should not be real past the animal kingdom…but I think she is mine.” 
Her mouth curls into a large smile. “Finally, you don’t doubt me. Now I’m here to do what—make her see you for the good vampire you are?” Her words end in a mocking tone.
My lips pull back in a snarl. “You’re here to remove it.” 
The smile immediately drops into shock, a wide-open mouth and eyes, followed by morphing into confusion.
“Alec…What?” 
My teeth smash together. “A vampire fed from her this morning.”
Mary’s lips unclench into a frown. It’s obvious she isn’t a fan. “Okay?” The word asks for more. 
“When he fed from her, it took me everything to hold back from snatching her away from him. I feel…protective…of her and don’t wish to be.” I pause, squeezing my fisted hands tighter, imagining the human again. “I cannot be. I don’t have time for this. I have spent centuries hunting her family, killing them. I even made a deal with Marco for her, which he took, despite our troubled past.” Images of Cora flood my mind, but I push them away. “I need her for profit, and nothing more.” Because then I can end her life. But I keep that to myself, although she’s likely already aware. “I can’t be linked to her and continue this venture. I won’t endure it.” The admittance is poison in my mouth.
There’s a pregnant pause in the room before she says, “Well, I truly don’t know what to say to this. I believe to do so would be to go against the Goddess’s wish.”
“Witch, I swear to—
She cuts me off. “Alec, I don’t know if I am able to. I don’t exactly have something to base this spell on.” 
“Try.” 
“I hate you. I truly believe this is a mistake.”
“Do it.” 
A deep sigh emerges from her, almost a growl, if that’s possible from someone so small. “I’m basing this on general logic alone. Come here.” 
Her tiny grip takes my lowered arm and her head tips back, eyes closing. Her lips move in a low mumble, but nothing I’m able to pick up on.
I still, watching her, anticipating. Waiting for something to happen. 
Nothing does. 
Five minutes pass. “Seriously, Mary. You’re supposed to be the most powerful witch, or so you say.” 
She stops her mumbling to regard me with sharp eyes and an even sharper tongue. “And I told you I don’t know how to do this, let alone if it is possible. The Goddess is providing me with no guidance right now. So, shh.” She closes her eyes again, her mumbles starting up louder this time. Her words reach my ears this time, but they make no sense to me.
By now Basset should have Harlow being brought down to the ballroom to provide me with the vials I require and then—
A sharp sting of pain drives through me, nothing like I’ve ever felt before. It takes over my thoughts, shoving a stabbing feeling through my chest. I yank my arm away from her in order to grab at myself, a sense of panic beginning to rise. 
What the fuck is happening? 
The pain trails downward to my legs and upwards to my head, even hitting the tips of my fingers. I scream, fingers tightly clutching my hair. 
Visions attack me. A dying woman on the ground. The final Sinclair ancestor from that day. “You are a monster. One day…a witch will be…your…un…undoing.”
She fades away and in her place is Harlow, bleeding from her neck. Dying. She reaches for me, but I give her my back and walk away into the darkness. By the time I peek behind me, the battlefield of witches has gained one more. 
All images disappear suddenly and darkness takes over. 
After what feels like only a second, I open my eyes to Mary standing over me. Behind her is the ceiling of my office, so clearly, I’m on my back looking up at it. Why? Within the second, I’m on my feet again. “What happened?” The memory of pain is hazy, and then…
“You fainted. It was quite interesting to see a vampire do that. Don’t worry, you were only down for two minutes.” 
“Fainted?” I check, my hand sinking into my hair. 
Her shoulders lift into a shrug and she drops into a nearby chair, the picture of nonchalance. “I suspect your body didn’t like losing its mate.” 
My mate. Or my lack thereof now, hopefully. “So, it worked?” It has to work.
She opens her mouth to speak but the ringing of my cell interrupts her. I lift it to my ear. “Basset.” 
“Sir, we were getting her from her room and she suddenly fainted. No reason at all. It’s been a few minutes and she’s not awake yet.” 
I hang up without giving him a response. “She’s fainted too.” 
Mary slowly nods, displeasure sketched on her face. Her mouth curves down and her eyes pinch. “She likely won’t wake up for a while. She doesn’t have vampires’ healing capabilities, after all. Based on this though, and the amount of pain you appeared to be in in a moment ago, the bond is likely broken.” 
“Perfect.”   
I leave Mary behind, her gaze digging into my spine as I go. Time to go see my commodity and find us nothing more than a business transaction. 

Chapter 12 
Harlow

A dim, red glow greets me when I finally open my eyes. I’m resting on an unfamiliar, yet comfortable bed, surrounded by a wall of pillows. I sit up, taking in the massive room around me.
This is no cell at all. The bed is against the far wall, bedside tables on either side. It looks like a room easily the size of an apartment. Two couches rest in the centre, a small table between them. Beyond that, two doors, one presumably leading to a bathroom. To my left, windows stretch high as the ceilings, draped in large black curtains. They’re closed, but I note to look outside as soon as I can for any indication of where we’re located. 
But first, I check the door opposite the windows. I’m next to positive it’s a vain attempt, but still, I try, and sure enough, it’s locked. 
I rush to the windows then. There’s no opening either, but the curtains give way to reveal a line of trees and a large grassy yard. Beyond the trees, I spot a waterline. We’re either on the edge of land or an island, and if it’s an island, then I have no chance of getting off of it without help. 
My stomach drops and I walk away from the windows, feeling slightly dismayed. Still, I won’t give up seeking a way out.
I open one of the doors to find a glistening white bathroom. The other door reveals a large walk-in closet. Wall-to-wall racks, mirrors, and shelves. All empty except for a pile of clothing in the centre of the floor. 
Something that isn’t the slutty dress he insisted on me wearing. I eagerly grasp them, finding leggings, a shirt, and a bra. No shoes, but it’s a start. 
A camera taunts me from the corner. This place is a prettier, comfier version of the cell. Since there is no way to avoid the cameras, I strip and quickly redress in the clothes that somehow fit perfectly.
Back in the bedroom, I spot a camera in each corner, each pointing in a different direction. Alec made sure there are no blind spots in the room. 
These are grand fittings all because I converted one vampire?
I changed a vampire to human. On my wrist, where the bite mark should be, there’s nothing but smooth skin instead. Effect of the spell? I muse.
In that instance, the door swings open and a short, bald vampire stalks in. It’s an odd appearance for a breed typically are only known for their beauty. 
His attention is locked on the tablet in his hand. “Harlow, I need you to follow me.” 
Riiiight. 
After a heartbeat of silence, he glances up, frowning. “Harlow, you need to come. We can always go for your grandmother. Do not forget this fact.” 
Grandma is in danger and I’m not sure if anything I do here will make a difference, but for now, I’ll continue to play along. I push her from my mind before I have a chance to feel sad.
With a huff, I concede, “Fine. Just don’t hurt her.” My stomping feet indicate my feelings on all this as I walk past him and out the door. Two guards stand outside in the hall. “So, the room change is interesting,” I say conversationally after the bald vampire follows me out. 
“He has his reasons.” 
Like everywhere else in this place, the hallway appears to stretch on forever. I peek between the two guards walking in front of us and— 
A stab pierces my chest and I grasp at it. Nothing is physically there, but the intense pain travels down my body, numbing my arms, and ends at my toes. A pounding punches my brain, like a strong migraine, and light spots decorate my vision. 
Again. This isn’t dissimilar to after the vampire bit me.
My legs wobble and I reach out to the figure closest to me for balance, but I miss and the floor gets closer. My hands dart out in time to protect my face from the fall, but the impact is hard on the palms and my wrists scream from the sting of impact.
Three sets of eyes hover over to me. Two with uncaring boredom and one with a slight curiosity. I can’t pay them more attention as another spike of agony shoots through my body. It electrocutes my spine, before hitting the other parts of my body. I squeeze my head, hoping to use pressure to rid myself of the migraine-like sensation. A scream breaks my lips at another pulse of intense hell. 
For a moment, there’s only blackness. Then a vision overtakes my mind. A man standing over a woman. His face is blocked from sight, but I recognize the side profile. Alec. Alec from a different time, based on the waistcoat, pants, and tall boots he wears. 
Is this…a memory?
He’s standing over a dying woman, her blood dripping from his fangs. They’re speaking to one another, but the vision provides no sound. As they talk, her body grows limp and her eyes slide shut. Dead. 
Then, the scene replays backwards, as if rewinding a movie, introducing new scenes to me. Her body lifts, fangs disconnect from her neck, and their bodies are thrown away from one another. 
All goes black.
The last thing I see before I pass out is a flash of Alec’s face. 
***
“Harlow.” 
The voice of a devil obscured in an angel’s body.
“Harlow.” Harder this time. 
Again, I fade as quickly as I wake. 
“Harlow, I can hear your heart. I know you’re waking up.” There’s a slight humor in his tone. 
It doesn’t matter though because exhaustion begins to triumph again. 
A cool hand squeezes on my lower arm, like a vise. The weight gets heavier, the pressure tighter. He continues until my body can’t ignore the discomfort of his heavy hand and I open my eyes, finding Alec beside me. His smirk droops into a small frown. 
I shift, feeling the same bed as earlier under me. “What happened?” 
“You fainted,” he responds, voice strained. “You’ve been asleep for nearly four hours.” 
“Hmm,” I murmur. Pushing my arms under my body, I lift myself into a sitting position and glance around the room. He and I are alone. “Should I be blaming you for this?” 
He holds my gaze. Black to green. “I wasn’t even with you.”
He’s right, but I can’t ignore the twisting in my stomach that suggests overwise, especially when his jaw clenches. “Well, something happened. We were walking and then there was an intense pain throughout my body. And I saw—”  
“What did you see?” he interjects, body leaning toward me. Concern sits in his gaze, but somehow, I know it’s not concern for me.
“Nothing.”
He bores holes into my lie, but still, I hold firm. After bated breath and a muted silence, he glances away, standing. “If you’re feeling better, come then.” 
“Why the room?” I ask the question that’s been weighing on me since I opened my eyes earlier.
His eyes close for the faintest of seconds. If I wasn’t watching him, I wouldn’t have caught it. He’s seemingly fighting an inner battle with himself. 
“A weak moment. Make no mistake.” Desolate onyx eyes scan me, making me feel naked against his gaze. His body shifts and they harden back into ice. “Come, and do not make me carry you.” 
I hold my ground. “Am I going back to the dungeon?” 
“No, you’ll need somewhere to heal from blood loss.” He motions to the door again. “Now, come.” 
Heal from blood loss…The words rock me. If it’s anything like earlier…last night—the days are already blending—then I won’t be able to get through this. 
Lost in my own terror, I don’t see him move until the soft cushion is no longer under me. By the time my brain processes his movements, I’m already upside down with a shoulder jammed into my stomach. 
“What the fuck is wrong with you?” Thankfully, there is minimal bounce in his steps, due to his inhuman ability to walk fluidly. 
“I warned you. Now, close your eyes so you don’t get sick.” 
“What? Why?” 
Without answering, everything around me becomes a blur. I should close my eyes as he suggested, but even with my shitty view, this is kind of…cool. It’s not everyday someone experiences a vampire’s speed. Less than a moment later, the motion stops and we’re in the same ballroom as yesterday.
Without any care, Alec bends and releases my legs, letting my body thump to the ground. My elbow hits the hard flooring as I reach out to catch myself and a throbbing sensation travels up the length. I’m sure it’ll bruise later, along with the rest of me from my fall earlier. It’s been a hell of a day.
He walks away while I stand on shaky legs. The room is empty save for the short vampire and Alec, who stands beside a woman in a lab coat. She’s setting up a drip beside a chair. 
Oh, hell no. I glance around. There’s no one else here, but I’m sure it won’t take long before Alec calls for someone. I have nothing on me—nothing but a weakened body. 
“You run; she dies.” 
His threat isn’t new, and I wonder how much truth there actually is to it. My feet shift, weight moving from side-to-side as I debate whether to risk the bluff. 
Do you want to be responsible for her death? The nagging voice is right, so, reluctantly, I begin to stride forward. It’s only a drip, but the dread within me is as if I’m walking toward death. I’ve not once done well with needles—and the side effects from the bite is only more proof of my horrible reactions. 
Eventually, I make it to the waiting doctor. Her soft, reassuring smile does nothing to calm me. Her eyes hide behind glasses and mousy brown hair and the dark pink spots on her cheek tell me she’s human. 
“You realize why you’re here, right?” I ask, a hard edge to my tone.
She meets my eyes quickly, but looks away and goes back to prepping swabs. “I do and I’m sorry. Please sit.” 
Alec’s hands clamp on my shoulders, coming down like heavy straps until I’m seated. “Behave.” 
My teeth smash together painfully. Again, speaking to me like I’m a dog.
The doctor grasps my arm, twisting it around to sanitize my forearm with an alcohol wipe. Once the area is moist and clean, she lifts a large needle. I jerk my head away in time for it to dig into my skin. 
A million comments roll through my mind at that moment. The ethics of her actions, the scorn I have for him, but my head goes light, woozy. A feeling I’m—unfortunately—seemingly becoming accustomed to. My head drops, falling against the back of the chair. Through half-lidded eyes I spot Alec beside me, arms crossed. When did his arms leave my shoulders? 
The pressure around my eyes begs for me to shut them, so I do, hoping for the pounding in my head to stop. Alec says something muted and far away. I want to ask him to repeat, but my mouth muscles refuse to work. 
And then I fall asleep. 

Chapter 13
Alec

	“I have to stop. She’s passed out,” Victoria says, dismay present in her tone. After a signal of approval from me, she unhooks Harlow from the blood bag. 
	After this and the breaking of the bond, Harlow should be asleep for quite some time. Which is perfectly fine with me, preferred even. She has to be strong to continue providing me blood. 
	Victoria’s voice is small and scared when she asks, “When did you last feed her?” 
	“Last night, sometime.” I think.
	Her eyes go wide, and she curses before conducting herself. “Please feed her. Hearty food and fruit. The natural sugars will do her well.” 
	So many human rules. Annoying human doctor. 
	“Fine.” After a long stare at Basset, who nods, assuring me he’ll take care of everything, I leave the room, cure in hand.
In my office, I get to splitting the bag into individual vials of blood and contact Marco about the progress, who is more than thrilled with it. His message, Good job resisting the kill, sits heavy in my stomach. What bothers me is the fact it hasn’t been difficult to resist. 
The smell of money fills the air as I cap off the scent of blood. A single drop of blood makes it to my finger and I hold it up, watching it glint in the lamplight. I twist my finger and the drop moves, leaving a streak behind. I wet my lips, the sweet scent tempting me to try it. Mary said her blood is not poison as I was her mate, but since the bond is gone….
Suddenly urged with enthusiasm, I pick up my phone. She answers on the first ring. “Mary, I need you again.” 
***
Within the hour, she storms into my office. “Alec, if you are going to call me in this many times, I may as well take a room here.” She drops dramatically into one of the chairs across from me, sighing. “How is your taking of a witch becoming more tiresome for me?” 
“You are the only one who knows how to answer my questions.” 
“Price of being the all-knowing.” Her finger twists strands of her hair while her lashes flutter. “What would you do without me? Speaking of, I saw you took your first doses from Harlow.”
“They’re stored safely away from you.” 
Her eyes roll. “You’ve done the deed already. Like I have any purpose for her blood. But the reason I’m here is due to her blood…You want me to…” Muscles in her cheek tick and her eyes shift to the side.
“I need to know if the spell is back on her blood,” I finish for her. “You said I could safely drink from her and not turn human because I was her mate. With the bond removed, I assume I can’t now. Fix that.” 
Her eyes narrow and her mouth twists into a frown. “Why are you so insistent to taste her? Leave it be.”
I shrug without telling her the reason. Simple curiosity. “Just do it, witch.” 
Her shoulders lift with her deep inhale and a beat later she speaks, “If you drink from her, you can activate the bond.”
“’Activate the bond’? What are you saying?” My jaw clenches, my nostrils flaring. This should be over…My hand twitches, my fangs itch. Mary’s throat is suddenly appealing.
Mary sighs again. “After my last visit, the Goddess held counsel with me. She has shown me more of your bond. The witch who cast the spell set destiny in its place, but it didn’t come true until Harlow’s birth. Why her? The Goddess did not say. The bond was born and existed in both of you, except neither of you knew of it. When you first saw her, did you think her beautiful? You previously mentioned feeling compelled by her and protective.”
Admittance is rough on my tongue. “Yes.”
She pushes her lips together before continuing. “When the witch cast the spell, the bond was founded, essentially waiting for its other match. When Harlow was born, the same occurred within her, and when you two finally met, the bond recognized each other. Like magnets.”
Dread drops in my stomach and my hands go still on my lap. “Go on.” 
“Essentially, the bond was never activated. What you felt was only the prelude—the spell working to bring you together to complete the bond.”
“But you broke it.” 
Again, her lips fold before answering and she shifts, sitting straight. “The Goddess said I undid what was happening to you, but the remnants of the spell are still there. I can’t remove the ingredients, per se. They will permanently be inside of you, waiting for that reconnection.” Her expression is unapologetic while she conveys the worst news all decade. 
I push away from the desk, my skin prickling. “Then undo her spell!” 
“I already said I can’t.” While I’m a raging mess inside, she speaks calmly. “Only the witch who laid the spell will be able to rid you of the remnants. All I did was break the building connection. You’re at square one again. Anything can re-spark the connection. Therefore, don’t drink her blood, as consuming her in such a way will do it.”
I breathe, heavy and deep, my dead lungs contracting with useless breaths. At the moment, they feel needed. “Get. Out.” 
“Alec—”
“I said, get out.” 
I don’t raise my head to watch her, but she stops at the doorway. “Do not hurt her, Alec. This spell is not her doing.” Her footsteps fade as she walks away.
Why does this never end? My hands grip the only thing left in front of me: the desk itself, my fingers making indents in the wood. Fuck the witch who did this to me. 
The longer this bond exists, the more I feel like I’m betraying Cora. 
The longer she’s alive, the more I hate myself for not doing what Cora needs from me.
All I know is this bond is useless. There’s only ever been one woman, and it will remain that way.
“Alec?” Cora purrs, stroking her nails up and down my bare chest. The water from the bathtub rolls over our skin and I take the opportunity to watch it lick at her nipples. Nipples I plan on having in my mouth again soon.
“Hmm?” Mindlessly, I stroke my hand over her leg, drifting it lazily up and down. 
“Tell me you’ll love me until the end of time.” 
The blatant distress in Cora’s tone has my attention and I shift, bringing her chest closer to mine. “I love you now and I’ll love you always. You know that. And you love me, right?” 
Her eyes dart to mine. Her normally playful black eyes are tinged with sadness—a darkness beside the colour. 
“Of course,” she murmurs, her attention going back to the activity she’s completing on my chest.
I blink away the memory. Cora loved me then and each time I have any non-deadly thought toward Harlow, it’s as if I’m throwing Cora’s love in the dirt; as if I’m saying it doesn’t matter to me.
I stalk away from my desk and out of the office. I can’t hurt the witch who caused this, but I can continue to take it out on the current generation.
 I find Basset in the hall. “Where is she?”
“Resting. I have had the kitchen send up fruit plates.” 
“Good. Send out the emails. Tell them the first round of deliveries are going out today. I have her blood sorted into vials.”
Basset nods and begins typing away on the tablet in his hand. “Yes, sir. Anything else?” 
“What’s the schedule like?”
“Every three days she is booked, as you requested earlier.”
Back when I wanted to give her strength to revive herself. “Book her each night for a live feeding. Only a feeding for now. We’ll move her up to more next week perhaps.” I will use her for my means and that will be the end of my dealings with her. This bond will not win. If it wants intimacy, it’ll get the opposite.
“Sir, every night?” His wide eyes meet mine and he grimaces. “She needs time to rest and heal.”
I snarl, reminding him who is in charge. “Every night. Double her food intake if you have to. Keep Victoria here for all I care. She will do what she is meant to.” 
His throat constricts with his gulp, but he says nothing more.
“And book her for another extraction next week. Pick a date early in the week.”
I watch him, his expression and body language, searching for signs of dismay, but he keeps his poker face well hidden. “What is tonight’s plan for her?” 
He scans his tablet. “He wishes for her to be naked, spread out on a table and he wants the blood from her inner thigh.” 
The image of Harlow with her back pressed into the hardwood, legs spread wide and red hair fanning around her forces itself into my mind, and I push her out, before I can think too hard on it. I will not feel any sense of attraction toward her. 
“Fine. That’s tonight. Next?”
He scans the list. “I will confirm with a small clan of three their appointment can be tomorrow, rather than next week. They wish to share her and become human together.” 
Even better. The depravity is building, and Harlow will be forced to get accustomed to her new life.
“Good. Keep the bookings coming. And let me know when he arrives later.” I walk away for good.

Chapter 14 
Harlow

The last of the strawberries rest on my tongue and I bite down, welcoming the fruity juice. After the shit bread and water diet, this is what my body is craving. 
I’m relaxing on one of the couches with the entire fruit plate resting on my lap. I don’t dare count how many hours it’s been since a full meal because it’ll remind me of the shitty situation I’m in. 
Exhaustion tears at my bones again. It feels like all I have done in my time here is sleep, and yet I’m constantly tired. I place the plate onto the table in front of me, ready to accept what is and go back to bed.
All plans are interrupted when the door flies open. “Harlow?” 
It’s that girl from earlier; the one who keeps dressing me. Dressing me…shit. A small bag is clutched in her hand. 
I huff, however I know it’s not her fault. “I see a theme. Can I know your name at least? It seems like we’re going to know each other well soon.” 
She drops the bag on the table. “Lily.” 
Pretty name. “What’s the outfit of choice tonight?”
Her dim eyes meet mine and she grimaces, her teeth digging into her bottom lip. Wordlessly, she walks by me and toward the closet, before disappearing inside. She returns a minute later with a silk robe I didn’t even know was there. 
Handing it to me, she says, “Just this. Please get undressed, put this on, and I will fix your make-up.”
The silk robe, innocent in its ivory colour, rests between two fingers and I sneer at it as if it’s a piece of dirty clothing. “This is what he wants me in?”
She shrugs and suddenly I despise her for her blasé attitude. “I’m only told what is relevant to my job.” 
She’s not the one to fight with, I recite to myself and quickly remove my clothes, giving her my back. My back warms, disliking the lack of privacy, and I slip the robe on quickly. When I’m wrapped up, she points to the couch and I follow suit. She fluffs my hair, brushing through any tangles. Like a machine, she moves onto my face and within minutes, I have a fresh layer of foundation, lipstick, and eye shadow. 
As Lily packs up to leave, I ask, “What’s your normal job here?” 
She doesn’t glance up from her task. “Merely a house maid. I don’t know why I was initially chosen to help you. Good location at the right time, perhaps?” 
“Is this better?” Is helping an innocent girl go against her own wishes better? is what I want to say. 
Her shoulders lift into another shrug. “We all do things we have to do to survive.” 
With those words floating around, she leaves. The vampire outside sticks his head in and makes a waving gesture. I assume it means come, and like the obedient dog I am turning into, I follow his silent order, resentment burning deep. He walks me down the hallway and to the same dining room I was in yesterday where Alec waits.
He turns as I approach and his dark eyes bite into me. “Remove the robe.” 
“Excuse me?” 
The muscles in his forehead clench and his jaw ticks. “You heard me. Strip.” 
He. Will. Die. My muscles lock, wanting to attack, not that it will do any good. I can’t stop the tremor in my hands as they push the robe from my own shoulders. His dark eyes skim over my body, but unlike last time, no trail of heat follows. I shiver, lifting my arms to cover my breasts from the chill of his room. 
“Good.” He nods, satisfied, and makes no comment on my concealment. “Now, climb onto the table.” 
I step forward, my arms as my only defence, even if I will have to drop them eventually. As I approach the table, I spot the metal cuffs attached to chains that wrap under the table’s edge. 
I balk, fear preventing me from moving, but the murderous glare in Alec’s eyes tells me to obey. Fighting my instincts, I take a seat on the smooth, cool wood. Shivers trail down my spine.
“Good,” he says again. With no warning, he pushes at my shoulders, causing me to lose my balance. My back hits the table and he immediately clasps the cuffs around my wrists. The cold metal weighs down my arms and I can’t do anything but leave them limply in place. He adjusts my body and attaches my feet to ankle cuffs I hadn’t otherwise seen. He backs away after I am spread out across the table. 
Fuck. 
“Alec,” I say, voice dropping low and desperate. “Please don’t do this.” The colour leaves my face and I begin to shake, unable to stop. 
“This is why you are here.” 
The realism of my situation hits me and trembles continue to wrack my body. “P-please, Alec. It’s r-r-rape…” I find his dark gaze and throw every plea I have into my expression. Where is the man who felt me up the other day? There was something in that one. Instead, I meet dead eyes. My breathing falls in short pants, as it tries to keep up with my racing heart.
This is what he referred to. I was sold. I will be forced to have sex with someone, all while being held down. I urge my muscles to move, but the cuffs are too heavy to go far and fear has my body stiffening and growing heavy. Another quake of fear floods me and tears well in my eyes. 
“Alec, please,” I try again. Tears slide down my cheek and onto the table beside me, leaving cool streaks across my face that I can’t even wipe away. “P-please…don’t do this.” 
He frowns, displeasure creasing his forehead. “You need to stop your crying. It’s not attractive. This customer is not here to fuck you.”
“Why am I naked?” 
“It was his request. Give the customers what they want.” A door bangs and Alec’s eyes flick to the door and back. “Speak of the devil.” 
I turn my head to the side, blinking through the tears still residing there. Another man walks in. His figure is close to Alec’s size, but I can’t tell more beyond that. The men shake hands and the newcomer saunters toward me. 
Two dark eyes framed by long blond hair meet mine. His face appears no older than fifteen. He’s a kid. “Oh, my, you’re a looker.” His words are soft but do nothing to hide the growing hunger present in his voice.
“How old are you?” I can’t help but ask. 
His mouth lifts into a smirk. “I’m nearly a century old and have lived much longer than I should.” 
“At that age, would you not want to see how old you can make it to?” I’m convincing a vampire to stay a vampire. Grandma would kill me if she knew. 
He gives me a weird look, his brows scrunching together, but says nothing. He is probably thinking the same. 
Alec turns, walking away wordlessly and for half a second, I debate crying out for him. Defeat sits heavy in my throat and my racing heart slows to a dulled beat.
“I thank you for this.” The vampire moves to the other side of the table and stands in front of my spread legs. One of his hands lifts and he strokes my leg from ankle to waist before moving to the inner thigh, right at the apex of my legs. My body flushes at his touch, but my brain tries to block out any sense of feeling. 
My eyes slam tightly shut, willing this to be over. My mind closes itself off from the feeling of his finger stroking up and down my upper thigh, but it doesn’t work; I can’t stop focusing on his touch. My heartbeat picks up again, thumping painfully in my chest, causing my breaths to release in short pants. 
“Open your eyes.” 
I can’t.
“Open,” he says more forcefully.
I do nothing. 
“Open,” he grits, and this time, I do, and when he speaks again, his voice is softer, anger gone. “Thank you. I am not going to harm you.”
“Why I am undressed?” 
His hand strokes my upper inner thigh. “Because this is the best area to bite.” 
As long as the teeth stay there. 
I can do nothing but sigh. “Just get it over with.” 
His hair brushes against my thigh and then the sharp prick of his teeth stabs into me. I flinch, the sensitivity of the area being my enemy as his mouth massages my thigh, enticing the blood to flow. His hairs tickle me and I squirm unintentionally. As if spurred by my movement, his teeth bite deeper, holding me in place. An unwanted moan breaks my lips as I am unable to stop the feelings of pleasure. When he breaks away, I nearly cry out in want. 
I want more. 
Oh, my Goddess. I’m becoming a blood whore.
Drops of blood streak his mouth. “You taste amazing.” 
“So, I’ve heard.” My eyes fall shut again and sleep tempts me, like last time. The constant feeling of blood loss is becoming a bitch. 
A gurgling noise urges me to peek again, and I watch the blond vampire’s hand pull at his face. Like the vampire from the other day, an intense pain seems to overtake him, and he drops to the ground, out of my sight. He is not screaming like the other one, but rather growling.
This goes on for a few minutes until—silence. 
And then. 
“It worked.” Wonder encompasses his tone. He stands and moves into my vision again and this time, his wide smile is fangless and his skin a shade or so darker. Human. 
His lips land on my forehead. “Tell him thank you for me.” With that, he darts away. 
Him. Him? Tell him thank you? 
In the low lighting, I pass out.
***
On and on it goes, each day bringing someone new. And it all ends the same way; with my eyes too weak to remain open for any longer than to watch them leave. I sleep the day away and wake with splitting headaches. Fruit, vegetables, and meat are continuously waiting for me. Foods to bring up my energy for when I’m handed off to someone else. 
It’s always someone else.
A group of four vampires. 
A young girl—practically a child. 
Young and old in appearance. Women and men. Sometimes groups, sometimes partners, but most often singles. 
Each and every time, Alec is there for the introductions and to make sure I’m situated how I should be. Each and every time, I watch his back as he leaves me with predators who can do anything to me, despite me pleading with him. Pleading because I have no other way to fight him, but each and every time, I am used.
Each and every time, my loathing for him grows. 
This time, I wake knowing there’s been no mention of anyone today and I hope with everything in me I get a night off. Every morning, the doctor has been in to check me over and she constantly tells the stubby vampire the same thing. “She needs rest.” 
I know it’s his fault I’m not getting the rest I need. There is one mastermind in this place and he can barely look at me twice. 
I have no plan to escape. I need something to throw Alec off his game, but then I’ll need to throw the whole place off their game because even if I get by Alec, I can’t outrun his guards. I need to play Alec’s game to get out of here. I need to…Lily’s voice echoes in my head: “We all do things we have to do to survive.”
And isn’t that what I’ve been doing this whole time? One way or the other, it’s apparent, I’m not getting out of here anytime soon. If I can’t beat him, then maybe I should join him. It’s not a long-term solution but it’s a temporary one, a reprieve—if he agrees to my terms.
Suddenly energized, I find myself flinging open the bedroom door.
The guard barely turns to glance at me. “What?” His tone suggests heavy annoyance.
“I need to speak with Alec.” 
His booming laugh bounces off the walls. “You want me to summon him for you, witch? Go back to bed.” As if I weigh nothing, he shoves me back into the room.
Before the door can close, I throw myself in front of it. “Take me to him now. Or you can tell him why I slit my throat with a clothes hanger.” I glower, hoping he won’t see through my bluff. 
Based on the annoyed huff he lets out, he doesn’t. He takes out his phone and types on it. As fast as he stops typing, it pings with a response. “He will be here in a few minutes. You can go back inside.” 
“Thank you. That wasn’t so hard, huh?” Satisfied, I back away and he slams the door shut. 
I head for the couch, taking up residence there, knowing it won’t be a long wait. Sure enough, only a couple of minutes pass before I hear the door open and close. A small woosh brings Alec standing in front of me, arms crossed, sneering.
“I do not like to be summoned.” His voice is flat and humourless. 
I smile mockingly. “Now you know how I feel.” I pat the couch beside me. “Sit.” 
He lifts an eyebrow. “Piss me off and you’re back to the dungeon.” 
I dramatically roll my eyes at him, all the while knowing I am toeing the edge of danger. “Promises. Please, sit. I have a proposition for you.” 
Both eyebrows raise this time in surprise and the expression of annoyance drops from his face for a moment. He falls onto the couch across from me, his arms and legs spreading to consume most of the cushion. He’s a façade of ease, but I know better, eying his fingers drumming on his leg. “What do you possibly think you can give me?” 
“Myself.” 
He barks out a single, humourless laugh. “I already have you. Try again.” 
I shake my head slow and dramatic, keeping his attention on me. “No, you have my body. You do not have my mind.” 
His mouth kicks up in a mocking smirk. “It’s your body which makes me money. What do I need your mind for?” 
“You took me from my life, force me to be bitten, and take my blood. You do this under the threat of my grandmother because you know I will continually fight this—fight you. I will run. I may lose, but I will try. I will always hate you and this place. I will be snide to every vampire you force on me. I will fight anyone who tries to have sex with me without my consent. 
“You want this to be easy? You want my blood freely handed over to you? No fighting. No hesitance or resistance. I will dress how you want me to. Leave Lily out of this. Send a message of how you want me to dress and I will make it happen. I will be charming to your guests. I will do anything you want.” The weight of my words hit me and I bite back any instinct to retract my words, pushing on. “I will hand myself over to anyone willingly. If you yourself want to make me your personal blood whore, do it. I will go freely.” I pause to allow this to sink in. 
After a beat, he speaks. “What a tempting offer, but also one slightly irrelevant. You haven’t done much fighting so far, Harlow, so I’m unsure what your proposal will change.” He pauses for a beat, and just when I’m about to respond, he adds, “But what do I need to do to make this happen?” 
I bite my lip from yelling out in triumph. I’m halfway there. “I will be what you need me to be for three years. Three years and then you let me go, but only if I stop giving blood each day and you agree to what I said. Giving each day has been too draining on me,” I add for good measure. 
His lips press together and his fingers halt his tapping. “I was considering keeping you until you are no longer useful to me.” His eyes bore into mine, sparkling. 
I swallow. “Five years then. I’ll be close to thirty by then, anyway. Not young anymore.” Hopefully he sees the rationale in this.
His head slowly bobs—a nod without being a nod. “Five years. You do whatever I need you to do, willingly, and I let you go free?”
“And not so often. It’s been too much for me.” 
Something flashes in his eyes and he nods firmer. “Fine.” As if he suddenly remembers he has something to do, he stands abruptly and speeds to the door. “As a sign of good faith, have the night off. In the morning, come to my office. I will give the order to my men to take you there. No later than nine. In the afternoon, I need more vials from you.” 
I nod meekly, not totally upset how this played out.
The door pulls open but when there’s no sound of it closing, I glance toward it to see Alec standing in the doorway, his eyes flicking around the room. “Why did you present this offer?” he asks after a while. “Why give up so easily?”
“We all do things we have to do to survive.”
We stare at each other for a long while. Green eyes meeting black ones across the room. 
“You’ve genuinely surprised me, Sinclair. You’ve…You’re not…If you weren’t you, and I didn’t have a promise to fulfill, I might be okay with this.”  
The door shuts, leaving his cryptic words stewing in the air.

Chapter 15 
Alec 

“We all do things we have to do to survive.”
Her words echoed in my head all night. Harlow is more than I believed her to be. She’s smart, cunning. She made a deal with the villain to get an easier way out. 
My chest warms, but not like before the bond was broken. This time, it’s more…I’m unsure what exactly; I know it’s just more. I press a hand to the spot, willing it to cool off and go away. 
It’s something even Cora wouldn’t have done. For all her beauty, her fire, she was a selfish woman. It would be her way or no way. Cora didn’t make deals. She made demands. Demands everyone had to obey. 
Marco lifts his hand, stabbing a finger in her face. “Your determination to be the best will get us all killed.” His gaze sweeps the area. “We have to move on now because of you. Humans are noticing.” 
She waves her hand at him—a sign I know to mean she’s only half-listening. “We’ll leave when I’m ready to go. There’s more to do here. If you don’t like it, leave then.” 
The siblings fall into one of their silent fights before Marco’s angry gaze fades into pure annoyance. He’ll never separate from her, and she knows it. Uses it to her advantage in every argument they have. He scowls, taking a step backward. “Fine, Cora, have it your way.” 
It’s only her ever way. Never his way. Never mine. She’s a spoiled brat. Demands where we travel to, how long we stay, how many humans get fed on in every area. It’s a game for her; the thrill of being discovered. Fun at first, but dangerous nonetheless. However, I’ll never tell her I agree with her brother. 
Harlow’s working with what she has—with the little bit I give her, so could I blame her for trying? Had Cora ever been in her situation, she wouldn’t do anything like that. But then, in her short time here, Harlow has shown more determination in her.
“We all do things we have to do to survive.”
I agreed to her inane plan only because I know I won’t be holding up my end of the bargain. Leaving this place alive will not be in her future. 
It can’t be. 
Because regardless of the differences between Harlow and Cora, it’s Cora I made the promise to. It’s Cora I love…loved.
The memory highlights their differing attitudes, but it’s more than that. Their personalities are so widely distinctive. Where Cora was cold and unwavering, Harlow is… The feeling slips away in the depths of my mind and I don’t allow myself to finish it. 
Harlow can’t be anything to me. And for that reason, she’s on her way here for a game that’s been in play since last night, when I realized how affected I truly am by her—bond or no bond. Although I’ve been successful at leaving her during each of her sessions, my stomach has been constantly clenched, taking all my immortal strength to leave her.
I glance at the monitor in front of me in time for it to show her approaching my door. 
“Good morning,” I say, once the door is shut behind her. 
For the first time since seeing her in her bedroom, Harlow is dressed down in a pair of tight jeans and a loose shirt. The shirt does her body no favours and I’ll have to get someone to ensure it does not make it back into her closet after today. She walks straight toward my desk, her face a hard mask of contempt and annoyance. 
“Why am I here?” 
“You’re here because you volunteered to do whatever I wanted. And I want you to organize some paperwork for me.”
She blinks, head tilting. “You want me to what?” 
I gesture to the wall of cabinets to my left. “Basset has better things to do than organize my documents, and I can’t have just anyone look at them.” 
Her eyes narrow. “And what—I’m the best alternative? This isn’t what I meant when I said ‘anything’.”
“Oh, I know. You are the best alternative though, because no matter what you see in here, you have no one to tell.” I chuckle at my own wit. 
Her face instantly falls. She’s been smug this past day and needs reminders of her true position here still. “Fine,” she says indifferently. “I’ll start now.” 
Satisfied with her response, I nod, picking up my phone while Harlow opens every cabinet and begins to remove the papers. Within minutes, she has centuries of my work spread out on the floor. 
“You have the worst way of organizing things.”
She peers up from where she’s crouched, pushing her bangs out of her eyes. “Do you want to do this?”
I pretend I didn’t hear her, type a short message in my phone and sit back and wait for the real game to begin. 
Within moments, a curvy brunette struts through the door. Her dark eyes find and scan me, and her tongue flicks a fang in response. In my peripheral vision, I spot Harlow peek up from her work and her eyes bounce between the two of us. 
The brunette does the same but she sneers down at Harlow as she passes by. I don’t miss how she stepped out of line to purposely kick some of my papers around. Harlow’s face scrunches into a seething expression as she scrambles to gather them. I should be annoyed too, since they are my documents, but this is too perfect. Much more than I initially asked for. 
The female finally makes it to me. “Hello.” Her voice is throaty, but fake. She uses her voice as a tool to attract her prey. Sadly, for her, she’s the prey tonight. Worse, she’s a toy.
I smile, sure to show her my fangs before tugging on her arm to pull her to the other side of the desk. I slide the chair in a position I know will give Harlow a full uninterrupted view. 
The woman comes all too willingly when I yank her down onto my lap. The second she makes contact, my teeth are buried into the spot between her neck and her shoulder. Her warm blood melts into my mouth and she moans, dragging her razor-sharp nails down the front of my shirt. It tears in its rush to get out of her way and her claws make contact with my bare skin. I hiss. 
She pulls back, keeping her eyes focused on my lap—on the cock swelling beneath her. She thinks it’s for her, but it’s not. It’s for the girl observing us. Within seconds, she has my pants undone and drops to her knees in front of me. Her hand wraps around my erection. 
My gaze isn’t focused on her though. I watch Harlow as she blatantly gawks at us, her nose pulled into a sneer of disgust. Her hands fist around the documents, crumpling them.
With my eyes locked on Harlow’s, the woman’s warm, wet mouth swallows me whole, sucking in deep. I hit the back of her throat, and still, she continues to suck, making choking sounds around my thickness. My eyes slide closed, and I fall into the sensations, fighting not to picture the brunette as the redhead only feet from me.
My partner, unaware of her actual role in this dance of deception slides her mouth up my cock, dragging her teeth as she goes. When she makes it back to the base, her fangs sink into the skin there, and I shudder, lifting to pound myself into her mouth as she sucks and drinks simultaneously. Within seconds, I explode into her mouth, my cum mixing with blood. 
She drinks me greedily before pulling back to meet my heated gaze. “More?” 
Harlow’s scent joins us and I inhale her sweet aroma. There’s now three people aroused in this room, even if she won’t admit it to herself.
“Thank you,” I say instead. I’ve made my point. 
With a sticky smile, she leaves, adjusting her clothes as she goes. After the door closes behind her, I stand, making a show of tucking myself back into my pants. 
Harlow wastes no time before exclaiming, “You’re disgusting! Is that why I am here?”
Yes. “No. You’re here to organize my documents.” Which still sit strewn in messy piles “You’re terrible at it too.” 
“I wasn’t expecting the live porn show to interrupt my work.” 
“This is my space, and clearly you need to learn your place then.” 
Her face drops as realization hits her. “This is all only a show of power for you…Fine. Play your games. Go fuck yourself while you do it.” 
A snide comment sits on the edge of my tongue, but I hold back this time. Instead, I throw her a smirk and walk away. “Finish your task and head to the throne room when you’re done.”
***
I monitor her on the cameras. She stomps around my office as she moves from cupboard to cupboard, being rougher with my papers than before. Regardless, she completes the task. No doubt, my documents are mixed up and out of order to be spiteful. 
It takes her about an hour, but once she’s done, she strolls over to my desk. What are you up to, witch? She’s opening my drawers, moving everything on the desk, checking my computer, which is obviously locked. For a minute she disappears from view, dropping to look under the desk, before popping back up. What is she searching for? 
Unsatisfied, she leaves the desk and begins poking around the rest of the office. Eventually, she makes it to the door, glancing around one more time before leaving. The guard I stationed there immediately grabs onto her arm and yanks her toward the throne room. 
I close the camera app and head down too. Human speed is slow but eventually I make it to the throne room. Harlow’s already sitting in the chair with Victoria leaning over her arm preparing her for the needle. 
She watches me approach, her face a sneer. “Nice of you to finally join us.” 
“Well, I had to clean my office after you ransacked it.” 
Her cheeks turn pink and she glances away. 
Victoria picks up the large needle and slides it into Harlow’s veins. It doesn’t take long before she’s affected and her head falls back. 
“Am I sold already?” Harlow’s mumble floats up. 
“What do you mean?” 
“The other vials…” She trails off, but I understand what she is asking. 
“Yes, they’ve been shipped off.” 
Harlow says nothing more and her breathing evens out, her head falling to the side. Strands of her hair fall across her eyes and my hand flinches, wanting to reach out to her and tuck them back behind her ear.
“She’s asleep,” Victoria says, stating what I already know. “I would recommend we take a bit less this time. The fact she’s already passed out is a bit worrisome.” 
I consent and Victoria removes the IV. Once she has the bag disconnected, she hands it to me. I tuck it under my arm and walk away with no further comment.
***
After I divvy her blood up into the vials, I check on Harlow. I can’t help myself. Earlier was meant to get her to further hate me—to keep her from getting close to me. All it did was make me want everything I had with that woman, with her. Images of Harlow’s pink lips wrapped around my thick cock, my hand fisting in her long, red hair flood my mind, sparking a groan of desire from me. 
She’s passed out on the bed, hair strewn across the blanket. Her head isn’t even on the pillow and from the position of her body, it’s as if someone tossed her into bed. A snarl begins to rip at my chest, but I shoot it down quickly. I should not care. 
	My phone’s ringing tears me away from the screen and I switch off the monitors. 
	“Hello,” I answer. 
	“Fantastic work, my friend.” Marco’s cheery tone is evident. “We’re making a lot of money, especially since you discovered the cure allows her to be directly bitten.” A conversation he was thrilled to have when I told him what I had learned. “How is she?”
	A pain in my ass. Beautiful. Spunky. Determined. Brave. “Popular,” I answer with instead. “Customers love her. All is working well.” 
	“And you? How are you doing? Holding back from killing her, I hope?” 
“I’m fine.” 
“Are you? Having a Sinclair there with you must be difficult.” 
Why the fuck is he pushing this? “We had a deal and I’m holding up my end.”
He falls silent for a moment and just when I think he’ll hang up, he adds, “Have any of them fucked her yet?” 
A knot forms in my stomach. “No, not yet.” 
He growls into the speaker. “Why not?” 
“She’s basically a human. If I put too much on her too fast, she’ll mentally snap and then we have nothing.”
There’s a long pause before he says, “A broken doll is more pliable. Break her.” The dial tone plays in my ear when he hangs up. 
I glare at my cell for a long minute, wondering how much of what I said was a lie to him…and how much of it was me lying to myself. 
What is happening to me? Everything with Harlow should be simple, but instead, I’m finding her to be full of jagged lines that don’t fit in the box she needs to be in. Marco’s mention of the next step has me wanting to cancel all of this and let her go. 
I’m punishing her for her ancestor’s actions. She’s done nothing to deserve any of this. The guilt sits heavy in my stomach, and in an attempt to numb it, I pull out the bottle of rum I keep stashed there. The warm liquid splashes on my tongue and after chugging the bottle in one go, I pull out the next one. A vampire’s metabolism is too strong and it takes multiple bottles before feeling any of the affects. 
Before stopping myself, the monitor is back on to watch my witch sleeping. With each breath she takes, it’s a chug for me. By the end of the bottle, I finally feel the alcohol hit and before I talk myself out of it, I’m walking away from my desk, off to see my sleeping witch. 

Chapter 16 
Harlow

I wake in bed, head pounding. The window across from the bed casts darkness into the room; the moon providing the slightest glow. I roll over, stretching, neck cracking as I go, before I sit up.
Hidden by the bed frame earlier, but now revealed by the moonlight is Alec. He’s staring straight at me, black eyes piercing through the darkness. I flush, feeling his gaze travel the length of my body. His expressionless face says he’s ready for a murderous rampage. 
Fuck. What now?
“Hi,” I say quietly, tentatively.
“Good sleep?” His tone sounds pleasant enough and not like he’s ready to murder me, despite the look on his face. 
I nod. “What...” Do you want? “…can I help you with?” 
“Simply checking up on you.” His gaze drifts to the windows and remains there.
“Thank you?” 
We fall into silence, him staring out the window and me watching him. I slide from bed and take a seat across from him, waiting for him to speak. 
It’s a few minutes before he does. “The other day, you said you felt an intense pain.” It doesn’t seem to be a question. 
“Yes,” I respond anyway. 
“Describe it.” 
“Um.” I shift, recalling the horrible ache. “It was like something was being ripped out of my chest. My whole body felt tender, but especially my head.” My hand drifts up to rub over my hair once. “It was a constant migraine, as if my head was going to explode, and then…” 
His eager eyes dart to me. “Then?” 
“Things went black. And…and I saw you. But not you now—you in a different time. Crazy, right?” Alec says nothing, so I go on. “You killed someone. You were talking to her, but I couldn’t hear.” 
“Was I was standing over her as she died? Blood dripping from her neck?” 
“Yes.” He described it perfectly, and I can’t resist letting shock slip onto my face, which Alec looks away from. “Was it real?” 
Now he chooses to remain quiet. 
“But then the scene replayed backwards. It was weird to watch. I saw her body lift from the ground, your teeth removed from her, distance grew between you. Then it all went black
Alec doesn’t look away from the moonlight. “Thank you for telling me that.” 
“You’re welcome?”
He says nothing more, but after a long moment, he stands and walks to the windows. Enthralled by this new version of him, I follow, keeping two feet of distance. 
“It’s pretty,” he says suddenly. “The moon. So big. So innocent. Yet takes up so much of our lives. Controls us in ways we don’t even know.” He twists, his eyes pinning me to the spot. “Do you believe in fate?” 
There’s a flash of white against the black and I flush, suddenly feeling overheated. Burned. My chest tingles and I gasp, stepping back. 
His eyes continue to stalk me, following my hand as it rubs at my chest—right where my heart sits. “I’ve been feeling it too,” he murmurs. 
“Heartburn.” I chuckle. “It’s a human thing. I doubt you have it.” I play off the warmth, but even I’m sure it’s more than heartburn, though not sure what exactly.
His head tilts. “You didn’t answer my question. Do you believe in fate?” 
“Regardless of not having magic, it’s kinda built into our handbook. The Goddess, nature, fate…it’s all one.” 
He grunts noncommittally. His words are clearly come from a place only he can reach. Maybe he’s drunk. A drunk vampire. I nearly laugh aloud. Is it even possible?
“Have you ever felt like you were betraying someone?” 
 “Yes,” I respond. Myself, for having this conversation, for feeling anything all the times he touched me. Grandma, for not killing him, for not fighting to escape. 
He says nothing more for a long period of time and the silence has me wondering who he is speaking of. 
“Sorry for coming in here,” he continues after a while. “I feel…” 
“Yes?” I probe. 
“Never mind. I’ll go now.” 
But he doesn’t. His gaze remains locked on me, his muscles tight under his skin. His hands are clenched fists at his side and besides the flare of his nostrils, he’s still as a statue. 
As if he’s fighting something. Fighting—
In a blink, he’s standing in front of me, his forehead kissing mine. “What the fuck are you doing to me?” His raspy voice sends shivers down my spine, cutting off any forming thoughts as his mouth descends on my neck, his large hands splaying across my hips. His warm mouth tugs at my skin, eliciting a small gasp, and my head falls to the side, no longer able to remain upright under the weight of his attention. 
I should push him away. I should—
His fingers weave their way into the strands of my hair and he tugs, demanding more of my submission. I give it, not fighting against his hold. Willingly falling into his trap. Because that’s all this is. 
My traitorous hands lift to rest on his biceps, and my eyes droop close. I’m putty in his hands, not resisting him. Resisting this. 
His fingers release my hair in time for the window to meet my back. His weight holds me, trapping me between him and the glass. His hard length digs into my hip and for the moment we’re not vampire and witch. Not kidnapper and kidnappee. We’re just Alec and Harlow. 
And Goddess, I want to explore it more. My heart pounds faster—something I’m sure he can hear and feel. 
His lips brush my neck as he mumbles into my throat, “I can feel your pulse. Right—” his tongue flicks out, “—here. It tempts me.”
For that second, I wish my last name isn’t Sinclair. That I could feel the effects of his bite without further consequences. Somehow, I know it’ll be more explosive than anyone else thus far. 
As if knowing where my mind is, his teeth drag lightly against my throat, pulling a gasp from me, tempting me with the feeling I want. “Fuck, Harlow. You’re wet. I can smell you and it’s intoxicating.” 
My mouth is cotton and I’m unable to speak. If I speak, whatever spell he’s under breaks and he’ll revert to his old ways, so my head jerks into a nod instead. 
He chuckles, his breath stroking my cheek. “You have no idea how much I want to touch you.” 
“I have some idea,” I finally manage to push out. 
“I suppose you do.” His hardness presses down on my clit, and even between the layers of clothing, I feel it. His lips continue their assault, brushing my neck, my cheek, before coming back to hover over my mouth. I wait, bated breath, my arms remaining limp over his shoulders. 
Do I want this? 
Yes. 
Should I want this? 
No. 
His mouth lingers, his lips lightly ghosting over mine. All I need to do is stand on my toes and my mouth will be on his. The slightest pressure to trigger what won’t be undone.
“Harlow.” 
His dark eyes search mine, asking for permission…or for rejection. War plays out across his expression, his eyes flicking to my lips. I hold my breath, waiting for him to make the move. Instead, his finger strokes a line down the length of my neck, leaving behind a path of goosebumps.
I close my eyes, welcoming the feeling of anything he’ll give…
Nearby, a door opens and closes, and the weight of Alec is gone. I open my eyes, alone in my room. The tingling in my lips doesn’t stop, and I press two fingers to them. He wanted—wants—me, that much is clear. 
I’ve hated him since meeting him, but I can’t deny the attraction. I rub my chest. It’s cool for once—as if satisfied by what occurred. I don’t know what any of this is, or why this is happening, or what Alec is fighting…but I can’t deny wanting him to take me into those unknown depths with him. 
If only he stops fighting himself.
***
Eventually sleep takes me and I revel in the peace and relaxation of the moment. I suspect it’s the calm before the storm. Goddess knows what else he has in store for me, being the unpredictable vampire he is. 
Once ready for whatever hell this day will bring, I head for the door. Food is usually delivered by now, I note, but nothing has arrived yet. Tentatively, I tug open the large door, prepared to argue with the posted guard, but find myself staring an empty hallway.
What…? He wouldn’t just—would he?
I step from the room, walking through the empty hall. It’s the first time I’m not being pushed or pulled somewhere, so I take the opportunity to examine the tapestries strung on the wall. While I’m not a history lover by any means, I can appreciate it, and these stone corridors scream something from a historical drama.
Finally, I’m on the main floor and there’s still no sign of anyone. Now, it’s becoming too strange, too unlikely, and the unknown calls forth a shiver. My gaze darts around the space, landing on anything I can, searching for a sign.
This could be time to bolt. I scan the entire downstairs, my eyes settling on the large double doors. But what if this is a test? What if he’s waiting to see if I keep my word? Given how recently the deal was struck, this is likely. My senses pull my feet toward the door, but I fight them and remain where I am, trying to let logic take charge. If this is a test, I won’t break it and fuck my chances of getting on his good side. But if this isn’t a test, then I’ll hate myself for not using this moment.
So, denying all instincts, I enter the dining room, to be met with a view I’m almost positive is a mirage. The long table is decorated in all kinds of breakfast foods. Piles of fluffy pancakes and golden French toast, fruit of every kind, eggs in all forms, crispy bacon, sausage, maple syrup…I walk forward and stroke my finger over a strawberry. It’s cool. Fresh. Like it was recently laid out. I poke at one of the hot foods and immediately pull my finger back with a hiss. Still hot.
It’s only made up for one person, with a single place setting at the head. I falter on my way to the chair. What is his game?
“Are you going to stare at it all day, or sit and enjoy?” 
Alec’s voice from behind me makes me gasp and I twist toward the doorway. He’s leaning propped on the wall, dressed more casually than I have seen him in days. Rather than his typical suit, he’s decked out in a pair of jeans and T-shirt. His gaze remains on me and I flush, recalling the look in them when his lips nipped at my flesh.
“I’m just trying to figure out what your plan is.” 
He shoves off the doorframe and walks a human’s pace toward me. “No plan. No game. Merely food.” 
“Where are the guards?”
“Consider it a sign of good faith. If we are to be roommates for the next while, then you have free reign of the castle. Anywhere you are not allowed to go, there will be a guard to direct you. My office is locked, so don’t bother trying.” His hand darts out and hovers in the air in front of me. “Truce?”
A laugh bubbles inside me, but I shove it down. “Now you’re the good guy?” Visions of last night—of his body pressing into me—assault my brain, but I push them also away. Last night means nothing in relation to the larger issues at play here.
His hand falls to his side and his mouth flattens out. “No. Don’t mistake my good deeds for anything more. You are still here to do your job. That has not changed, nor will it ever. But,” his tone goes soft again, “if you are to be here for a while, you don’t deserve to be stuck in your room all day. This castle is equipped with modern devices. You will not have access to computers, of course, but there is a movie theatre down below, a gym, a pool, and a library. You have access to it all.” 
This almost seems too good to be true and I scan the temptation in front of me. Something in my stomach twists—probably more logic warning me not to take his hand. “Your plan was to keep me here forever. Was this freedom always part of it?” 
He expels a long, drawn-out breath. “Honestly, no. It takes pride to admit this, but you did surprise me the other day. I’m an old vampire, Harlow, and I am not stupid. While you didn’t regularly fight the bites, I knew you were biding time. The fact you came to me was risky, and if you claim to be here willingly over the next few years, then I do not see a reason to restrict you.” He pauses before adding, “But, you break this trust, you’re back in the dungeon. One chance, no others. Deal?” 
Making deals with vampires. My coven must be shouting at me from the afterlife. I place my hand in his, knowing full well of the weight I just placed upon myself. “Deal.” An unlikely truce and one I don’t fully believe in, but it’s a start. It’d be a long five years being stuck in that room all day every day. 
He nods and pulls his hand back. “Lovely. Now eat. I had a screen installed in the kitchen. Each morning, they’ll see you leave your room and will prepare a feast for you.” 
Little stalkerish, but sweet nonetheless. My eyes sweep over the food. “Thanks, but this is overkill. I’m fine with a plate of something.” 
“If you want you can head to the kitchen later and give them a small menu of ideas. Or else, this is what you’ll get each morning.” 
For a minute, it feels like I’m royalty. The various foods call to me. The plates of tropical fruit—mango, dragon fruit, and acai—do not miss my gaze and I immediately start munching on slices of those while piling my plate with pancakes. 
I glance up from my task to find myself alone again. Strange man.  I continue piling my food and douse it all in maple syrup. The scent of the food has my senses salivating to consume. A quick scan finds bottles of juice and a large carafe of coffee, which I attack with eagerness dumping some into a mug. After adding some cream and sugar to it, I take a healthy swig and cough at the weak taste. Vampires do not know how to make a good cup of coffee, but still, it’s coffee.
It doesn’t take me long before I’m stuffed. With a final scan of the table, I leave the room and start down the hallway Alec gestured to earlier in search of the amenities he also mentioned. The end of the hall leads to a single door, which when opened, leads to another staircase of only about a dozen stairs. At the bottom, I’m met with a short hallway and a variety of doors.
The closest door to the right opens into a room, filled with a few padded couches. A small staircase leads down into the sitting area, facing a ceiling-high projector. The movie theatre, I suppose. I can see myself living here. 
I back out of the room and head for the door across the hall. The scent of chlorine hits my nose before I even have a chance to see the Olympus-sized swimming pool. Fuck yes! Across the pool is a diving board. There’s bound to be a swimsuit I can find somewhere. I will definitely be visiting this soon. 
Finally, I make my way to the final door at the end of the hall. I push it open and—Oh. My. Goddess. The room is the size of at least four football fields and must go under the entire castle. There’s a basketball court, a soccer field, a boxing ring, a weights area, a dance floor in the far corner lined with mirrors, and a track that encompasses the soccer field.
I step forward, my feet meeting the springy floor of the sitting area. My mouth goes slack as I take it all in.
“Pretty impressive, huh?” 
I jump and twist around, hands flying to my hips. “You need to stop doing that.” 
He laughs, deep and throaty. It’s a sound that causes my heart race because he seems so human, so real, and I like this version of him.
“This is impressive. You must like your exercise.” 
“It fills up the days and nights. Feel free to be down here anytime…Unless my staff is here. I’d advise staying away, so you don’t get hurt.” 
Almost like he cares. Almost. “Thanks,” I reply, keeping my tone bright and friendly. “Where are your guards?” 
“With you having free reign, I told them to back down. They will react the second you try to escape.” 
In other words, don’t bother using the lack of guards as a way to get away. I nod, showing him I understand before glancing back around the free room. 
“But,” he continues and kicks himself off the wall, “I came down for a different reason. You have a visitor.” 
I know what that means. I nod, trying to keep my face a mask of indifference. “What do you need me to change into?” I ask, aiming for cooperation.
 “You’re fine. This one is asking for something different than the others.” He turns and begins walking away, and I follow him out, closing the door behind me. He treks to the bottom of the stairs, sticking to a pace I can keep up with. “He wants fresh blood, but doesn’t want to bite you. I called Victoria. She’ll extract a single vial from you.” 
I know his hearing abilities can sense my deep sigh of relief and the calm washes over me. One vial won’t make me dizzy and no biting. It’s almost like a day off. 
I remain a couple feet behind him as he leads me back to the ballroom where we’ve been doing all the extractions. Victoria is set up, already holding a single needle attached to a vial. A chair is beside her, and standing nearby is the vampire. 
He’s pale and thin, greasy hair hanging past his face. He’s the media’s version of a vampire. His expression is bored, his eyes glazed as he watches me take my seat. Alec’s steps are heavy as he trudges to the side, placing himself between me and the vampire. 
Once seated, Victoria gets to sanitizing my arm. I no longer flinch at the needle, having gotten used to it now, but I do glance away, still unable to watch. One vial isn’t a lot of blood and it goes quickly. Before long, she’s disconnecting me. 
Alec takes the vial from her before handing it off to the stranger who remains a distance away from me. His eyes glow white and I watch, a bit fascinated as he tips the vial into his mouth and drinks it in one gulp. Wordlessly, he hands the vial back to Alec and walks away. 
A moment later, we hear a cry of pain. The shrieks continue until there’s a, “Yes!” 
Alec tips his head toward the doorway, listening. “Humans walk so heavy. He’s…gone. Door is closed.” He glances back toward me, his mouth falling open, as if he’s going to speak. After a second, his head shakes side-to-side and he walks away. 
Once alone, I say, “Thanks, I guess,” and leave. 
“Hey,” Victoria calls, halting my retreat. “Are you okay here? I mean, I suppose that’s a stupid question.”
I smile sadly, because I’m not truly fine…but I am fine in the way she’s wanting to know. “I’m good. I have a nice bedroom. And starting today, free rein of the castle.” 
She bites her lip, a frown still playing on the lines of her mouth. “You’re not being harmed though? He’s not starving you or hurting you?” 
“No,” I tell her honestly. 
“I’m sorry for this. He’s threatening my sister. Until a month ago, I didn’t even know vampires existed. Or witches, for that matter.” We do try to hide or blend our supernatural world into the human one.
It’s also unsurprising he’s bribing another person through the use of threats. 
I shrug, not really wanting to touch the whole topic of paranormal with her. “Well, good to know then.” With that, I turn and walk away. 

Chapter 17
Alec

She’s in me. 
I see her. 
Smell her. 
Think of her. 
My fingers pinch the bridge of my nose as I fight the itch to go find her again. To finish what we started yesterday. 
The temptation to call Mary is also strong—to figure out what the fuck is wrong with me. I shouldn’t be feeling any of this, not after the broken bond…and not about her. Not about the very girl I planned on killing. 
Planned. Not plan. The difference in my words doesn’t go unnoticed.
I chug the rest of the rum in my glass, welcoming the effects once more. After last night, I should be avoiding alcohol, but then I can’t completely blame it for my actions. Not when I wanted to touch her. Not when I haven’t been able to forget the taste of honey and vanilla—the taste of Harlow.
I huff into my glass once more. Everything I’ve been doing to avoid her—leaving her with the customers, avoiding her afterwards, bringing in the female…it’s all pointless with one stupid act last night.
The glass in my hand becomes fragile around my tight grip. Seeing her this morning in the dining room took incredible strength to hold back from touching her. Only the memory of Cora kept my hands to myself. 
Cora…
I haven’t thought about her since this morning—not last night when I went to Harlow’s room, and certainly not now. Harlow’s very existence in my home is for Cora, but everything I have done since then seems to contradict that.
Fuck. My head falls back against the couch and I close my eyes, blocking the library from my view. I prefer to hide in here sometimes—away from my office. Away from the line-up of people who consistently want me. 
Maybe Harlow would like it in here? No doubt she’d get bored being locked in her room, so giving her free rein of the house feels right. Nothing I said to her today was a lie. She took a risk on something I could have shot down and I appreciate her actions. 
Five years. 
I promised Harlow five more years. 
I promised Marco money in exchange for her life.
I promised Cora death to the Sinclair line.
So many promises. Some I won’t be able to keep and some I no longer want to. 
“Oh! I’m sorry—I’ll leave.” The voice belongs to the exact girl I’m brooding over.
“Stay.” I take another mouthful of my drink before turning my head to watch Harlow trip through the dark room. Her human eyes are doing her no favours as she walks into a high-back chair. I lean over to the table closest to me and switch on a lamp for her. 
Her eyes blink rapidly when the light fills the area and her eyes adjust. “Thanks. I was looking for the library.” 
I scan her, settling on the swell of her breasts under her shirt. I’m hard remembering about them pressed up against my chest last night. The urge to touch, to shift my mouth to them was so strong yesterday, but pure will and logic prevented it.
“There are a lot of bedrooms here,” she continues. 
“Price of a castle,” I mutter wryly. 
“They don’t seem used.” 
“Because they’re not.” Another drink.
She scans the room, her gaze settling on bookshelves. “Okay then. I’ll be going, I guess.” She turns to walk away. 
“Wait,” I order. “Stay.” Why? What am I doing?
She says nothing, but a flash of fear crosses her expression and her eyes widen. I slide to the farthest end of the couch and gesture to the free side. “Take a seat.” Quickly, she sits and the sour scent of wariness drifts from her skin. “Relax. You’re not in danger.” I hold up my glass. “I have my meal for the night. Want some? It’s rum.” 
Her lips purse before she nods. “Please. It might help me sleep. You know, I’m slowly getting on a night schedule. With the feedings in the day”—she takes the glass from me—“I pass out for the afternoon, get up in the evening and stay up half the night.” 
My lips twitch, resisting a smirk. “Well, when you live with vampires, you need to sleep like us.” Why am I joking around with her when I should be leaving this room?
She takes a small sip from her glass and her face scrunches up at the taste. “Strong.” 
A smile stretches my face and the knowledge it’s a real one bothers me. 
She peeks at me over the rim of her glass. “Except, I’ve seen you at all hours of the day and night. Do vampires sleep?” 
“I thought your kind knew everything about us? I sleep, but not often. Once a month approximately. And before you ask, I do not sleep in a coffin.” 
“But you can’t go into the sun?” 
“Correct.” I wave my hand toward the window, covered in thick curtains. “Which is why tapestries and black-out curtains cover everything. The windows’ glass is a special carbon, also protecting us.” 
 Her head slowly bobs and we fall into a comfortable silence, both of us sipping our drinks. For nearly five minutes, she says nothing, and if it wasn’t for the occasional sip she takes, I’d think she’d fallen asleep. 
“Can I ask you something?” 
I tip my glass toward her. “Go for it.”
“Why are you selling my blood?” 
So I can murder you.
Fuck, who am I lying to now—you or myself? 
Instead of the possible truth, I give her what’s true for now. “It’s Marxism, Harlow. Don’t they teach you humans anything in schools now? Buy and sell. You are a commodity to make me money.” 
“Do you need the money?” She scoffs. “I mean, you’re clearly set here. I’ve seen your paperwork—you deal in weapons, drugs…you run cities all around the world. I’ve seen the transcripts with the clubs, the mafias…It’s more than that. No one is just a bad guy.”
“You humans sell cows to each other. Pigs. You take eggs from chickens and sell them.”
“Are you comparing me to livestock?” Her chin lifts. 
It’s is what humans are to us. I take my final gulp and refill before answering. “You do provide a sense of a lifeforce to us.” I pause and mull over my words. “I suppose, you return our life to us. Our original one.” 
Her head shakes slowly. “There’s nothing more than that? Our families weren’t at war with one another? Did one of my ancestors turn you down or something? Nothing?”
I smirk, hoping it covers the building anxiety I’m feeling. She’s close to the truth, but I tell her, “Nothing beyond a way to make money.” 
“Why are you the only one to have come up with this?”
Again, I lie. “I’m the only one with the power and ability to make it happen, I suppose.” 
“How did you find me?”
“I made a deal. Someone knew of your location and I needed that information.” At least that much is the truth. 
I watch her, waiting for any sense of anger, but none appears. Instead, her head tilts, her mouth parting. “What was the deal?” 
There’s no lie I can tell her, and needing to get her off the topic, I say, “It doesn’t matter, does it? I got your location and now you’re here. The story is done. Nevertheless, I do feel it is poetic, don’t you?”
She takes the last sip and lays her glass down before asking, “What do you mean?”
“It’s a full circle. Once you…” I wave my hand toward myself, figuring she’ll get it. “…And now you turn us back into humans.” 
The frown in her brows deepens. “I’m still not following.” 
She doesn’t…? “You don’t know your family history?” I demand, also laying my glass down. 
“I mean, I know some.” 
“The very beginning?”
One shoulder lifts into a partial shrug. “I guess not. I only know about the cure.” 
Interesting. I stand, the muscles in my shoulders stiffening. At no time did her grandmother clearly say anything, but then, I wonder how much the recent generations know. I walk away, returning a moment later holding a book open to a specific chapter and hand it to her. “Read this. We can talk after.”
She examines the plain, brown leather book, her mouth parting in confusion. “What is this?” 
“The history of vampires.” 
“Someone wrote it down?” she exclaims. “Seems a little risky.”
“Just read.” 
With that, I race away in my typical speed, leaving her behind. I only stop moving when I’m tucked inside my bedroom. 
The large room takes up an entire upper floor of the castle. Months of renovations had gone into the floor, knocking down walls of other rooms to construct a room fit for a king. Black tapestries drape each wall, since they’re better than the stone walls to look at. In the centre of the large room is a California King bed made up of puffy blankets. While not a requirement, they do add a sense of comfort. I head to the far side of the room, to the large balcony, stretching two dozen feet, and take up residence, leaning against the rail. 
The weight of this day is heavy and I drop my head, my sigh drifting into the night air.

Chapter 18
Harlow

Cryptic as usual, but the way he spoke about this book sparks curiosity. 
A short while later, I find myself well-versed in an old family, the Glavos, who were powerful evaders of the Old English lands. Hailed from Rome, they and their armies attacked the Anglo-Saxons in early Britain. They murdered, raped, and pillaged any village they passed. 
The Anglo-Saxons had exhausted their resources and lost many men in battle. They searched high and low for help, but no one would aid them. They prayed to the Old Gods and on the fifth morning of the Galvos’s attacks, a large grouping of women emerged from the treeline. They deemed themselves the First Coven, women of nature who had powers only the Old Gods did. Believed to be disciples, the king allowed them passage and accepted their help. 
The women would not murder the Romans, for their goal was balance. Instead, they gifted strength, speed, and immortality to the king’s armies, in exchange for a lifetime of nighttime and a diet of blood. The king made this trade on behalf of his men, and the women cast their spells. 
That night, under the glow of the moon, the army attacked the Glavos, ripping out their throats and feasting upon the blood from their bodies. Strengthened by their blood, they ran into the forest and only emerged each night to feed. The women placed barrier spells around the kingdom and the changed army was forced to find new lands to survive in. This army had the power to create more of them, and so they did, building their own army to battle the humans for land. 
I turn the page to a new chapter.
And so, this was the beginning of a new breed. A breed meant to protect became one that destroyed instead. Vampires became feared by all others, slowly taking over the world. As centuries have passed, they fell into varieties of battles with humans and witches alike. When the twentieth century was on the horizon, they fell back into the shadows of the night, only emerging to feed and battle when it best suited them. They remain hidden from the humans, hidden by the night. 
Since then, the First Coven, the Sinclair family, has given way to new covens and they have fought to protect the world from the harm they created. 
I look up from the book pages. 
The Sinclair family…protect the world from the harm they created.
The harm they created. 
The Sinclair family. 
My ancestors created vampires.
I toss the book aside and dart out to the hallway, looking it up and down. Empty. I take off in one direction and call out, “Alec!” I have no idea where he is, and I suspect finding his room won’t be easy. I make it to the staircase, and start hastening up it, heading for a new level. “Alec!” 
There’s a small gust of wind and then Alec is there, hands in his pocket, ever the air of ease. 
“My family created…you?”
“Well, technically I was created by another vampire.” He smiles wryly. “But if you mean that it was your coven who created my kind, then yes.”
I stumble back a step from the weight of this information. “I…I didn’t know. Why didn’t I know?” I peer at him, eyes narrowing. “Is this some sort of revenge thing?”
“For creating my kind? No, I love my abilities. Like I said, I have no personal purpose for your blood. What I said earlier is true. You are simply a way to make money.”
“My family is that old? Like Roman and Anglo-Saxon old?”
“Your line is older than me, by tenfold.” 
Crazy… “That army—the first vampires—do any of them still live?” 
Alec shrugs. “There’s rumours some do, but no one has heard anything in many centuries, so it could simply be that—a rumour.” 
“The Sinclairs created your kind, but also the way to destroy you,” I muse. My family is connected to so many parts of vampires’ lives. Their beginning and their ending. 
While I don’t know magic—and I’ve studied it very little—I did manage to read up on the background of spells a little bit. When I was a child, we met with another coven, one that still practices. The coven leader’s daughter felt it was sad I didn’t know any magic and didn’t understand why, so she gave me a book. A book even Grandma doesn’t know I have buried deep in my closet back home. 
Spells involve ingredients. If my family created vampires, it’s logical they were able to create the cure. They had all the pieces of the vampire spell within them already. All they had to do was create a spell to counter their initial one. 
I don’t know what to do with this new information. Really, it changes nothing in my life, but I lock it away in my mind. 
“Harlow, I see much of your ancestors in you,” Alex states suddenly. 
I peer at him. “You knew my family?”
His lips press together and his feet become especially interesting before he says, “Not personally. They were forever a powerful bunch.” His tongue darts out to wet his lips. “This,” his hand is a blur as he reaches out to pluck a strand of my hair, “is your family’s signature colour. You may be powerless, but I sense the same strength in you that they had. You have something in you, deep down, and it is stunning.” 
His hand, oddly warm, shifts to my cheek. I warm under the skin of his palm, and tingles of electricity progress through my skin. My mouth parts, my heartbeat increasing, and memories of last night interrupt any current thoughts. His body against mine, hard and willing…
His feet shift and the black of his eyes flash white for the quickest second. I’m a deer, trapped in the gaze of a predator—and I’m completely willing to be his prey. His own lips part as well, only inches from mine and I hear the distinct sound of inhaling. 
“Do I smell differently than other humans?”
He nods, eyes roving my face. “I’m getting used to you. You’re starting to smell…different…than when you first arrived.” 
“That’s…good, I suppose.” 
A full minute passes. Or a second. Or an hour. I can’t be sure how long exactly, but whatever occurs in the time of silence has his shadowed eyes freezing again. His hand drops back to his side. 
“You should go now,” he says abruptly. “You have another client tomorrow. Dress in a gown of some sort.” 
“Why?” I growl back. He’s back to being the Alec from the beginning of my time here—cold, calculating, and cruel. 
His head bows, his eyes locked on his feet. “Because I am ordering you to. Good night.” The finality in his tone is clear and I leave, not looking back at the monster he’s turning back into.
***
It’s twice now. Twice he’s shown any sense of emotion, only to turn away from his own, clearly, troubled sentiments. 
This has to be some sick vampire game.
As commanded, I enter the ballroom dressed in a floor-length red gown I found buried in my now-full closet. Across the room, a single figure stands facing Alec’s throne. The memory of my first night here, when Alec touched me in front of strangers, plays out in my mind and I flush recalling his fingers inside of me. 
The stranger hears me approach and turns. His older, kind eyes settle on me. Unlike the dead gaze of most vampires, his projects only warmth. 
“Good evening.” A hint of an English accent plays in his tone. His gentle gaze scans me head to toe. His fingers wiggle, calling my attention back to his hand. “Let’s dance.” 
Wordlessly, I follow along and give him my hand.
The vampire swings us into a wide arc around the room as a slow melody floats through, dancing alongside him and me. My muscles relax after the first couple of turns and I find myself enjoying the tune. There are no visible speakers present in the room, and by the time I’m done with my scan, I find him staring past my shoulder, his gaze far away.
I build up the courage to ask, “Why are we dancing?” 
He answers, but keeps his eyes locked behind me. “Sentimental reasons, I suppose.” He pauses, his lips pressing together tightly for a long beat before continuing, “I was turned in 1754. After being at sea for a few months, my sister had dragged me back into society for a ball. After dancing with a particular lovely lady, she invited me for a walk out in the gardens. For a while, we only spoke of trivial things…until we were far enough from the house that my screams couldn’t be heard. When I came to, my sister and a doctor were standing above me.” He pauses for a long beat, his eyes becoming stormy. “They didn’t stand a chance. I was new and hungry.” 
“You killed them?” 
He nods glumly. “Under no circumstance will I ever forgive myself for it either. I have tried to hunt the woman who turned me, but at no time could find her. When I heard about you… I’m sorry, miss, but I never wanted this. I shouldn’t be this.”
The song finishes as he swings me in a final circle, his hand looping back around my waist in a non-threatening hold.
“We’re recreating your final night?” 
He nods, his eyes finally meeting mine. “Silly thing sentiment is, huh?” A soft chuckle escapes from under his breath. “I thank you for this. Where would you like the bite?”
With no more words to be said, his teeth elongate and jam into the wrist I hold out to him. Once the sharp, piercing discomfort passes, my head grows light, the effects of his feeding overwhelming my senses. He pulls back a second later and his hands grasp my waist. 
“Are you okay?” he checks. 
I nod, still sliding to the floor, not trusting my legs to keep me up, and wait for the next step in his change to occur. 
Sure enough, not even a moment later he also drops to the floor beside me, his mouth open in a silent scream. No sound other than a pained gurgle escapes and his body curls, his fists balled on the floor beside him. After a long second, he lifts his head and deep, human blue eyes meet mine.
“Wow,” he murmurs, blinking no less than a dozen times. “Human eyes.” With little steadiness, he pushes off the ground, stumbling and weaving as his feet work to remain still. “I feel weak.” 
“Welcome to humanity.” 
He steps toward me and bends to press his lips to my cheek. “Thank you for this. I will finally be able to receive retribution for harming my family.” He’s gone before I can ask what he means. 
I stay on the ground for a moment longer, staring at nothing, before finally standing. Though I didn’t faint, weakness does tear at my bones and my tired limbs use their last bit of strength to stand. I kick off the death-trap of heels and abandon them in my journey. 
I’m barely over the threshold before two feet block my way. 
“Please, no,” I murmur. “I just want to go upstairs.” I don’t bother masking my whininess, having no energy to care if I appear weak.
The feet don’t move, but his hand lifts to my face. A crooked finger tips my chin up, and I let him. His deep black orbs are a melting pot of emotions I can’t place.
“Are you okay?” His voice is soft, as if he actually cares. His fake emotions spur me with the amount of energy needed to pull away from his hand, but his body still blocks my way. “Are you okay?” he asks again, in the same tone.
I sigh, knowing he won’t go away, so I grant him an annoyed expression, while ignoring his seemingly genuine look of concern. “Like you care.” 
“I—” He reaches out again, but I step back. My actions bring back the other version of him, and his jaw ticks. “Of course, I do. I need you, after all.” 
“Whatever. I’m fine. I’ll rest and be fine for tomorrow.” 
He moves to the side, getting out of my way and I take the opportunity before he changes his mind again, making it to the stairs before he speaks. 
“He’s a good man.” 
“What?” Just let me walk away.
“That man. I have known him for a while. He spent his whole life hating himself for what he did to his sister. We can’t fight bloodlust, and it’s even harder to control when we’re new. The scene was important for him. He sees it as a full circle. I just—I wanted you to know he isn’t bad.” 
“I know,” is all I say before I continue my journey up. I saw that in him too.
I make it to my room with no further interruption, and instantly strip from the gown, dropping it to the floor. 
Once my head hits the pillow, I pass out. 

Chapter 19
Alec

I can’t look away—and I’m not sure I even want to. 
Once I left her, I came straight to my office to watch her from the monitor. I’m aware it’s obsessive, but the temptation—the need—is too strong for me to win against. Seeing her looking so broken…I rub at my chest. 
I can’t get her out of my head and it makes no sense. 
Finally tearing my gaze away from the screen a few minutes later, I shuffle the papers decorating my desk, at the very least to make me feel like I’m working. A mafia kingpin from Australia is trying to convince me to get into business with him and I examine the printed email. I don’t have anyone from Australia in my books yet, and I can’t deny the sensibility in it.
My phone rings and Marco’s name flashes on the screen. I answer and place him on speakerphone. 
“Checking in,” he says right away. 
“All is good.” If I keep the information at a minimum, it won’t encourage conversation. 
“Are they happy with her performance?” 
“They are.” 
“Good, good. I’m sure once word got around about the fucking, people have upgraded to that package? I would.” 
The pen I’m holding snaps in my hand. Slimy motherfucker will not be going near her. 
“Yeah,” I say, telling him what he wants to hear. “Look, I need to go.” Before he can object, I hang up.
A movement from the screen catches my attention and all pretense of work is paused. Harlow rises from bed, stretching as she goes. Thanks to the high-priced quality of the camera technology combined with my immortal sight, I see the individual muscles in her legs and back ripple as she stretches. Only clad in panties and a bra, she moves around the room, disappearing into the bathroom, and then the closet. I spot the telling strings of a bikini when she leaves.
I flip through the various cameras, following her walk through the corridors toward the pool. I don’t question myself as I change into a pair of trunks, nor when I sprint through the halls toward the pool. I push open the door, the acidic scent of chlorine bombarding my senses. My sharp eyes scan the water and spot her underneath.
Making as little noise as possible, I slip into the water as well, dunking under. Unlike a human, chlorine doesn’t affect my eyes the same way, and I keep my focus on her legs as I swim stealthily over to her. The water lets me take command of it as I push through the waves, in time to see her head rise above the waterline. I pop out a foot away from her.  
“Alec!” 
The air of ease on her face, the relaxed posture of her body, halts any formulating thoughts I had that this is a bad idea. 
“What are you doing in here?” 
“I do own this, you know.” 
“And you choose to swim at the same time I am?” Her eyes narrow, skeptical.
“Company is always nice.” With that, I dip under and swim away from her to take a lap around the pool once, before looping back to her. I should swim out of here, away from her. Instead, I emerge to find her frowning. 
“You should be in the Olympics,” she says wryly. 
“What—not once have you seen a vampire swim?” 
Her lips press together, the corners tilting into a smirk. “Would that have been an afternoon activity before or after they wanted to drink from me?” 
This girl makes me forget common sense. “Right.” 
“I trained for this,” she continues. “My grandmother wanted me ready for any situation. It’s been a while though, and I can’t beat you obviously.” 
“Want to bet your life on it? I’ll give you a head start.” 
I don’t expect her to play along, but much to my pleasant surprise, she dips under the water and begins swimming away. After her minute, I follow, catching up to her in only a few seconds. My arms cord around her waist, lifting us both above the waterline, and I keep her body flush against mine, fighting to ignore the logical part of me that says I need to release her.
“You’d be dead now, by the way.” I flash my fangs.
“You cheated.” But she smiles, her eyes crinkling in amusement.
“How so? By using my speed? That’s exactly what would happen in the real world.” 
She laughs and the vibrations of her giggles rattle against my dead heart, reminding me of my arm still wrapped around her waist. Her laugh fades into a chuckle, before halting altogether as her eyes lock on mine. Her breath hitches and she tentatively moves her hands to my shoulders, her eyes wary, and her cheeks go pink.
A drop of water falls from her hair, sliding down the curve of her face and over her nose where it beads and then continues down her cheek. My eyes track it dripping from her skin and heading back into the sea of its partners. Another follows behind it, but this one travels the shape of her neck, bearing down toward her mounds peeking out from the pool. Before it has a chance to, I duck, catching the water droplet with my mouth. 
My tongue strokes a path up her warm skin, catching any and all water drops that collect at the slope of her neck. She stops breathing and her heartbeat hammers against her chest, but she doesn’t push me away. 
The taste of honey and vanilla assault me again, a taste I’ve been missing since the other night. My jaw twinges, my fangs aching to impale her, but I force the temptation away, focusing only on the scent and taste of her skin, and not of the tempting pulse underneath. 
Before I fall deeper into her trap—again—I release her. What am I doing? I’m laughing with her like she’s mine. Holding her as if she’s mine. I think I wan—
Whatever magic she has in her, she’s using it on me. That’s all this is. It’s all the other night was too.
Her expression falters and the pink of her cheeks deepen. She ducks out of my reach and swims toward the edge of the pool before lifting herself out and rushing for the door. Before I can formulate a logical thought, I push forward in the water. Her feet quicken, slapping across the wet tile.  
She’s running from me and I need to let her.
“Wait.” 
The word escapes without meaning to, and she halts her steps. The muscles in her back ripple and tighten as she turns around to face me. Before she bolts again, I get out of the pool too, keeping my eyes locked on her. She’s the prey in my hunt. 
“What?” Her tone aims at indignation but comes out shaky instead. Her teeth press into her lips and her feet shift. 
“You’re leaving.” And when she runs, something in me wants to chase.
“I can’t keep up with you,” she says, her groan mixing with a sigh. “What was that?” She gestures to the pool. “Or the other night?” 
That I haven’t been able to get her out of my mind—her taste, her scent, the feeling of her. That my body aches to taste every inch of her, to claim all of her. That she’s so fucking gorgeous she has me forgetting everything that matters—everything but her and her breathy moans when my mouth is on her. That my dead heart threatens to beat again. 
“You’re the enemy,” she carries on. “But, you…I…I can’t keep track. It’s either you want me or you don’t.” 
Her watery gaze knocks into me and I fall back a step, before I do anything stupid, like touch her again. She’s a temptation I can’t afford. The forbidden fruit of my tree. She’s related to Cora’s killer. I can’t do this with her—betray Cora in the worst way possible. I can’t. 
But can I? It’s too easy with her. I’m the devil in her own personal hell, yet she’s still here. She’s climbing my emotional ladder, breaking through each rung as she goes. 
“This is not normal,” she adds, her breathing shallow. “In fact, everything since the moment I met you has been fucked. Your whole reason for taking me, this new friendly personality you’ve decided to adopt, and…us.” 
Her rapid heart beats three times before I ask, “If I gave you the chance, would you want to leave?” 
Her answer should be obvious, but instead she says nothing. I count ten beats of her heart before she says, “I don’t want to be forced into any of this.” 
My skin heats—a temperature I haven’t felt since being a human, yet her emotions are tearing through my rigidness and finding the heart I long buried with Cora. Guilt. That’s what this is. She’s making me feel guilty again. 
Ten different responses run through my mind, ones ranging from cruel to kind, but I choose the neutral one. “I’m sorry.” For who I am. For who you are. For this whole, shitty situation. 
“Sorry doesn’t change what you’re doing.” 
With her blood or with her? The unanswered question remains buried in my mind. 
“I know, but there’s a lot you don’t know, Harlow.”
“Then tell me.” Her anguished eyes drill holes into me. 
“I can’t. Just…I’m sorry for touching you at all. It won’t happen again.” It won’t, I silently vow to myself. It can’t. “Friends?” The word feels foreign.
One brow hikes in disbelief, breaking through her expression of frustration. “Friends?” 
“We can be friends. Acquaintances.” 
Her lips press together, as if she has a choice. What she doesn’t know is she isn’t actually getting one. 
“Fine,” she says after a moment. “We’ll be friendly, how’s that?” 
“Fine.” Although friendly is low on what I wish to be with her. Images of her under me, bare from the waist up is what I actually want. I shift, shaking my head of the impossible thought. 
“Great,” she says in a soft tone. “I’m,” she gestures behind her, “going now.” 
She leaves, her feet smacking against the wet tile. Only when the door swings shut behind her do I release the unnecessary breath I hadn’t realized I was holding. 
My gaze flits back to the pool. The familiarity of chasing her in the water parallels another situation, another woman. 
“Alec, come and get me.” Cora giggles, skirting around a tree and bolts through the forest. Her speed takes her far, but my determination finds her quickly. 
The scent of her perfume lights the way to her and I push through the underbrush, around the series of trees, until I break into the clearing. She’s waiting for me, standing in the centre, and I leap at her, taking us both to the ground.
This is my forever, I recalled thinking. Forever came sooner than either of us thought. 
But fate has given me a new forever. 
No. My gaze locks on the door, where Harlow left only moments ago. No, no she’s not fate. That doesn’t exist anymore. 
I leave the pool, wondering who I’m kidding—fate or myself.



Chapter 20
Harlow

His arms hold me tight to him, his rippled chest pressing against mine, while his finger strokes a line down my cheek, eliciting a shiver from me. The warmth of his tongue traces the length of my neck, licking drops from the pool, and making me wet in other places. 
I blink, waking up in time to avoid walking into the doorway as I leave from breakfast. 
Since the pool yesterday, thoughts of Alec are constant. His hot and cold personality exhausts me, but then there’s something in all this that feels right, and it frightens me.
The feedings won’t stop, and he’s not releasing me until my five years are up, so I shouldn’t be friends—or friendly—with him. Head down, survive, and get out of here. 
The large double French doors of the front entrance call to me as I walk by them. I haven’t been outside since I left for school…How many weeks ago was that? Months? Time slips away here. How long has it been since arriving? Has Grandma given up thinking I’m alive? 
I drift over to them and tug one open. A vampire on the other side twists, snarling. “Back inside, witch.” 
Not wanting to entice him into attacking, I back away, hands up in a show of defencelessness. Recalling everything Alec gave me access to, I instead start down to the movie theatre and make it there, without seeing a soul. 
My body sinks into the soft leather and I flick on the projector with one of the controllers, being met with an online media streaming service. I flip through the movie options, finally settling on an old favorite. 
My feet curls under me and fall into the wonders of the movie. 
***
The credits roll and I reach for the controller, while debating if I should watch something else. Having a lazy movie day sounds nice, since I doubt I will have many of them in the next few years. I’m sure he hasn’t planned many days off for me.
“I haven’t seen that one yet. Good choice.” 
My screech is unintentional, and I lift myself to a kneeling position, finding Alec stretched across a couch in the far back, smirk evident even in the dim lighting. My own skin warms at the sight of him, the memories of yesterday coming back once again, but I force them away before they become too interruptive.
“What are you doing here? How long have you been here?” I hadn’t heard him come in.
“Watching a movie, obviously. And since the opening credits.” He stands, coming toward me, his steps slow. 
I watch him approach, twisting back around. “You have time for movies? Doesn’t being an evil warlord mean you’re busy all the time?” 
“You’re funny,” he says in a tone implying I’m anything but. “This theatre is here for a reason.”
“Why didn’t you say anything?” 
“Didn’t want to interrupt.” 
“Yet you came in,” I point out. 
He shrugs, mouth hiking up on one side. “I’m not perfect.”
“Well,” I start, lifting the controller again, “are you joining me for another one?” Or are you here to give me a task?
He takes the controller from me and switches the systems off. “Actually, I was wondering if you’d like to get out of here?” 
“Like…?” 
“Like for a walk. Heard you were interested in going outside.” 
I blanch. “Well, yeah. I mean, no windows seem to open in this place. Especially in my room.” He gives me a pointed look and I add, “Yes, I know why, but it doesn’t stop me from wanting to feel fresh air.” 
“Exactly.” His smile seems genuine and his hand stretches toward me, offering. 
Head down, survive, and get out of here. Those are the words I told myself a few hours ago. Treating him like he did me in the beginning is wisest—none of this friendly stuff he’s insisting. His fingers wiggle in the air, compelling me to take them against my own logic. I shouldn’t, but I lay my hand in his. The cool, soft touch of his skin is nice, but the second I’m standing, I tug mine away.
If he cares, he doesn’t show it. I walk ahead of him, out the theatre, up the stairs, and back to the entranceway. The doors open as we approach, the guard from earlier not paying me any attention as I pass him. 
The night breeze brushes my face, enveloping me in its softness, its familiarity. I hug it mentally, welcoming the feeling I’ve so clearly missed. Fresh air. My lungs contract, breathing in as much of it as I can and storing some aside for later. Goddess only knows the next time I’ll get this opportunity.
The second my shoes hit the spongy grass at the base of the steps, I can’t help but drop and weave my hands into it. Unlike Grandma, I don’t prefer to be outside for long, but after being inside for what feels like forever, I want it all. 
It’s nighttime, therefore my vision can only stretch as far as the forest in the distance that makes up the rest of the background. The shape of the treetops is a silhouette against the deep navy blue of the night sky. 
My eyes slide closed, shutting out the view and I feel. Merely feel. The chilly grass under my palm, soft and ticklish; the breeze continuing to flow around me, warm and friendly. There’s a bird’s caw in the far distance. 
“Interesting,” Alec murmurs. “This island senses a witch.” 
“It’s nature,” I say, finally opening my eyes again. “It recognizes us, even without magic. Always has.”
He doesn’t respond and lets me take the lead in this outing. I stand, continuing down the curved path, around the castle until the view has me halting in my steps. As far as I can see, a calm ocean rests. The moon glows across the soft rippling waves that trek onto the sand. 
This whole time I’ve been right here by this beauty and hadn’t even known.
I continue forward, down to the sand and slip off my shoes. The grains mold around my feet as they sink in. The cool water bursts up onto the sand and over my feet before retreating back into its body. 
I crouch, careful to not wet my clothing, and dip one hand into the water, scooping it up. It slips between my fingers and right back into the ocean, tempting me to follow it into its depths. I smile, enjoying the new feeling of weightlessness in my body. For the first time since arriving, I truly feel happy. Nature’s healing effect is at work.
Alec remains where the grass meets the sand, his hands tucked in his pockets. Despite the moonlight, I can’t see what is in his dark eyes and I give my attention back to the ocean. 
“It’s the best view.” His velvety voice murmurs into my ear, and I flinch from his unexpected nearness. His speed and stealth again giving him the upper hand; sneaking up behind me without my knowledge. “The moon over the water is lovely.” 
I twist to peek at him, my arm brushing his as I go. His gaze is focused over my head at the water beyond. His expression is relaxed, but the look of indecision in his eyes tells me he isn’t. He’s battling inner demons and I want to know what they are.
“Why were there no vampires today?”
He doesn’t look away from the water when he replies, “I wanted to give you a day off again.”
“Why?” 
The smooth skin around his eyes crinkle and his lips press together before he says, “I wanted you to have today. Before tomorrow.” 
His words make absolutely no sense. What is special about tomorrow? I glance past him, my mind scrolling through any conversation we’ve had in the past, trying to link anything to his words now—No. 
“No,” I murmur, my heart increasing as understanding and realization sets in. “Y-you don’t need to do this.” I trip backwards, my feet catching themselves in the sand. “J-j-just the blood, please. I’ll even stay an extra two years.” 
Still watching the ocean, his eyes harden, going icy like his tone when he says, “Vampires are sexual creatures. Your body is invaluable to me. People have been waiting for this, and I’ve already postponed—” He breaks off, his lips pressing together. 
“What happened to us being friendly?”
He flinches at his own words being shot back at him. After what feels like forever, he finally—finally­—breaks his gaze with the water and gazes at me. While I hope for anguish, anger, something—some kind of emotion that shows the Alec I’m getting to know is still in there, I get nothing. Dark eyes framed by a blank, dead expression. 
“Harlow, you promised. Anything I want. This is your job.” 
“I thought things were changing?” The feeling of having something lodged in my throat prevents my words from being no louder than a whisper. “You’ve been…” My room, the pool…but no words come out.
“If you think that, then you're not as smart as I believed you to be. You know the deal.” 
I put more space between him and me, continuing to back up until the ground under my feet shifts back to grass. “Fuck you, Alec. Fuck you.” 
His eyes pierce my back the rest of the way to the castle, but I ignore him. Money clearly outweighs everything else.
With nowhere to run, nowhere to hide where he won’t find me, I go back to my gilded cage. 
Because that’s all I am to him. A trapped bird in a cage, ready to be leant out. 

Chapter 21
Alec
 
I can’t ignore the wrenching in my stomach as Harlow goes under the covers. She doesn’t emerge, so I turn up the volume on my monitor, listening. A normal human wouldn’t have been able to hear the small sobs. When I can no longer stand to listen, I flick off the monitor and push away from the desk.
My stomach clenches again and I drop my head to my hands. Guilt again, yet this time feels different…worse. I have killed, murdered, and bled countless humans dry, slaughtered covens and vampire clans alike, fought for an empire to last me my existence, and nothing has made me feel the way I do now. 
Not even Cora’s death.
This was supposed to be easy. Sell her blood, her body, and then take her life for my own. I didn’t count on Harlow having a personality, being as she’s practically a human. Instead, I find a girl who’s funny, spunky, and strong. 
She’s beautiful. 
She’s everything. Everything that slowly replaces the face of the other woman I spent my life loving.
“I hoped to find you like this.”
Mary. I briefly close my eyes, resisting looking up and having the conversation I’m sure she’s been preparing for. My office door is still closed, and I hadn’t heard her enter.
“How did you get in here?”
“You realize I can literally pop from place to place, right? I don’t with you because then you’d be even more demanding.” As if to support her own words, she pops from the doorway to the edge of my desk, leaving behind a trail of light smoke as she goes. Her chin rests on her hand, being propped by her crossed legs. She smirks knowingly. “I need to keep you restrained.” 
I push away from the desk in annoyance, the wheels of my chair straining against the carpeted floor. Keeping my voice flat and unamused, I say, “Why are you here, Mary?”
“Checking up on you. I’ve been getting mixed images from the Goddess and it seems like you keep changing your path.”
“What are you going on about?”
“Your broken bond is working out well for you.” Her brows hike, amusement playing along her lips. 
I turn my head away from her, feeling the tight, stretching skin of my clenched fists. “It doesn’t change anything.” 
“Sure, it does. You don’t seem too keen on keeping your promise to your ex anymore. That’s pretty big.” 
Cora. She hasn’t been in my mind for…Oh, God. I’m not even sure when the last time I thought of her was. My fingers drag through my hair. I’m fucked. 
“Fuck off, Mary. Your help isn’t needed this time.” I fight to keep my face neutral and not ask for the help I think I do actually need. Mary seems to know all about what’s going on with me, even if she is unhelpful at times. There has to be something more she can do.  
“Uh, huh.” Her mouth curls into a skeptical, amused smirk. It does nothing but grind at my nerves, acting as the final nail in my already well-shut coffin. 
“What do you want me to say?” I exclaim, bursting from the chair. I stalk the area, stomping up and down the length of my desk, unable to sit still for another moment. “What do you want me do to? Choose her? I made a vow to Cora, a deal with her brother. I can’t help that she’s a Sinclair. I can’t feel guilty.” Once more, my hands find their way into the strands of my hair, pulling and twisting, as if I can yank my problems away as easily as I can my hair. 
“Guilt?” Her eyebrows head to her hair line. “Guilt, hmm. Okay, well, you’ve clearly thought about this, based on that little reaction.” She starts toward the door. “Have a good one, then.”
Panic rises in me at the sight of her retreating back—a feeling I don’t often associate with. “Where are you going, Mary?”
“Away. You seem to have made your decision. I am going to confer with the Goddess because I still see something.”
I dart, making it to her in record time and block her path. “What do you see?” I demand. What could she see?
Mary smiles slow, her lips stretching across her face like a fox, before she blinks and is gone, bits of smoke the only evidence she was ever here.
“Fuck!” My hands clasp the empty air, the smoke escaping between my fingers. Fucking witch is so unhelpful at times.
Fighting the urge to turn on the monitor again, I go to find Bassett and make sure all preparations are finished for tomorrow evening, ignoring the new round of pains in my stomach.
***
“Sir, she’s still not awake,” Bassett says over the phone. “It’s nearly four, and she still needs to get ready and eat.”
I scan the monitor in front of me. She’s still under the covers, making no noise I can pick up on. She had to have gotten up at some point for a bathroom break, since I know the human body can’t go a whole day without one.
“Send in Lily to wake her.”
“Sir,” he says in acknowledgement and hangs up.
A few minutes later, Lily enters the bedroom and goes straight for the bed. She touches the bump hiding under the blankets, and after a moment of no movement, draws it down. She stands at an angle that blocks my view, but after a moment, Harlow finally sits up and Lily steps back.
The camera doesn’t clearly show what is on Harlow’s face, but it’s not hard to guess. She slides from the bed and stomps to the bathroom. A few minutes later, she emerges, Lily speaks with her briefly and then leaves.
In the same instance, my door opens and Bassett slips in, remaining by the door. “Sir, your guest is here.”
“Ensure she is ready, even if it takes Lily doing it. Have a guard escort her this time. She has twenty minutes.” I don’t trust her not to try to try to escape. And I couldn’t blame her if she chooses now to shed her claws. 
Bassett says nothing and slips away. I flip off the monitor and also head out the door. Time to meet our guest. Still, I ignore the twist in my stomach and the thumping in my head. I shove my hands in my pocket, trapping them. Anxiety pricks at my nerves. I shouldn’t care. 
On the third floor, a bedroom has been set aside for this purpose. Two guards stand outside. It’s where they’ll remain to ensure he doesn’t try to steal my commodity. 
Because that’s all she is to me. 
The room is dimmed, only two lamps left on. The glow is meant to be sexy and romantic, something Basset insisted on for the “experience,” but it doesn’t mask the ghastly aura. We left the room empty of items, all but the large, ornate bed cloaked in white silk sheets. They contrast the dark canopy. 
By the far windows, the symbol of the broken trust between Harlow and me stands with his hands clasped together behind his back. His shoulders slouch, ever the sign of relaxation—an emotion my entire being is opposing as I stride forward, fighting my muscles to release from their bounds.
Time to play the game.
“Harry, is it?” I call out my arrival. 
The newcomer turns. He’s tall, however I’m still taller. His greasy hair remains cut close to his head, accompanying the greasy grin stretching his skinny face. Bile rises in my throat imagining him on top of Harlow, forcing his way into—
“Correct, and you’re Lord Alexander?”
I grasp his hand, sealing the business transaction. “Alec, in this time period.”
He chuckles. “Times have changed, haven’t they? And I am ready for this time period to be my last.”
“Your email listed 1403 as your birth date. You’ve been around for a while. Turned at thirty years,” I recite his information.
He blows out a long, tired breath. “Too long. I do not mind what we are. It’s been fun, but I have seen every aspect of the world and have no reason to stick around to see what happens next. Humans are ruining it.”
I can’t disagree with him. Over the centuries, more developments got built up and nature was wiped away. It’s another reason I prefer my small island to the rest of the world. It’s my little slice of the old world, untouched by human development.
“Yet, you want to be one of them,” I say, keeping my tone light and curious.
“Not for long. Simply long enough to age. It’s the only phenomenon I have yet to experience.”
“Quite the cost for death.” Something I’m more than happy to grant him right now to hurry this along.
He shrugs again and I’m frustrated at his blasé emotions. He has no idea the canon he’s lit with his visit. 
“I believe in living excessively. I’ve lived a comfortable life and there is no reason to stop now. I was here at the showing of the witch and she’s a great beauty.” His eyes glint with sex. 
My teeth smash together, but I force my jaw to relax so I can speak. “Her blood is also available as a standalone product.” 
“Where’s the fun in that? Like I said, I was here at the showing. You felt her—you know the value in her body.” He nudges me my shoulder, as if we’re on friendly terms. My feet lock in determination to remain steady. 
I smile tightly at him. “Indeed.”
Damn myself for doing that showing in the first place.
He doesn’t drop his slimy smile as his eyes take in the bed again. “She does appear delicious.”
A snarl builds in my throat, but I compel it back down with pure will. Business first, business first. “You remember the rules?”
His hand waves in the air at me, having his attention shifted to the bed. “Yeah, yeah. Don’t hurt or damage her.”
My hand fists, imagining a stake in it that I can shove through his chest. “You will do nothing to harm her. You will not perform in any act of sexual sadism. You will not leave permanent marks. She is to come out looking like she came in,” I recite.
He throws a disturbing grin over his shoulder. “Well, she won’t look exactly the same after I’m through fucking her.” 
I step in his direction. Four silent steps, one crouch, one lunge, and two hands around his neck is all it would take to get rid of him…
Stop. The tempting plan melts away at my restraint. “Well, I’ll leave you to it then. She should be here momentarily.”
I can’t be in here when she arrives. I won’t be able to do it, this much I know. The best thing I can do for myself, for Marco, and for this plan is to walk away, go far, and not return for many hours. Imagining the hate her green orbs will hold for me will undo this plan too quickly.
I leave, striding bit faster than usual, while texting Bassett: Ensure she is okay before leaving. I will not be there to finish the sale.
He sends a thumbs-up right away, and then a follow-up message: She’s finishing up and we will be on our way.
I send one more message, this one to Marco: Stage 2 is happening.
The phone falls into my pocket before his reply comes through and I rush away, a speed faster than I’ve ever needed before. For the first time since my immortal existence began, I feel like I can vomit—as if it’s a possibility. My hands tingle, the muscles in my legs fighting me to turn around as I run through the island and to the edge of it, to the airstrip. No matter how far I run, it’s not enough. The temptation to call my pilot is there. To have him take me far away from this place, to not return until it’s all done.
For you, Cora. So much for Cora. Some of my immortal life was spent with her, most of it loving her. Her death sparked centuries of hate, of determination to ensure the Sinclair line ended. Vengeance…pointless vengeance? It’s a question playing in my mind since this morning. Nothing I do will bring back Cora. Every Sinclair kill was made in her name, but to what avail? It’s done nothing other than satisfy a sick need inside of me. 
Thinking of hurting Harlow doesn’t fulfil me like it should. Rather, it makes me queasy, dredging up more pain than Cora’s death ever did…and I can’t do this. I spin, my eyes locking on the top of my castle above the treetops. I can make it there within two minutes. I can have her away from the bedroom. 
The deal with Marco was to sell her blood so I may take her life. A cruel, torturous concept was to allow the clients to fuck her…but it’s not necessary. I got the same results prior to today, so what’s the point?
What’s the point of any of this? The voice in my head isn’t my own—it can’t be me. The man’s echo is logical and caring, not cruel and unwavering. Or is this the man I’m becoming? Running away from the castle has me ready to stake myself. Will I be able to take her life in a few years, all in the name of a woman who won’t ever be able to return my love?
I twist back to stare in the direction of the water beyond the airstrip. Two paths. Two directions. 
Two women.   


Chapter 22
Harlow

My escort pushes me roughly through the door to an empty bedroom. Empty, except for the man standing by the only piece of furniture—the bed.
My eyes slowly lift from the floor I’ve so far been focused on and around the large room. It’s plain, with dark walls and a large window expanding the length of the room, like mine. In the centre of the empty room sits a bed, draped in white sheets and a black canopy. The innocent colour of the bed stands stark against the man who waits behind it. 
He’s tall, almost as tall as Alec. His dark hair sits close to his skull, looking all sorts of wrong by his thin face. The giant, sickening smile across his face adds to his visual ugliness and I gag. It’s as if the Goddess is punishing me more and more as this day progresses. 
Except I know the true designer of my personal hell. His absence weighs heavy on me. Coward.
Alec’s assistant follows me in and addresses the vampire. “You know the rules?” 
“Of course.” His voice is smooth, like he’s trying to be sexy. 
The little vampire nods once and walks away. The closed door seals me in with the monster, and that’s when it hits me—this is it. There is no escape, no game, no deal to get me out of this moment. I’m not a virgin, thank goodness, but I don’t doubt there will still be pain. 
His sick smile stretches across his face, his fangs peeking from his lips. His eyes rake over the corset and silk panties Lily—Alec, I mentally correct, insisted I wear. His tongue darts out to wet his lips and I close my eyes, willing this to start, if only to get it over with. My muscles lock, my feet gluing themselves to the floor. Unable to walk to him, yet unable to walk out of here. 
He comes toward me, his feet slow but determined across the carpeted flooring. Against better judgement, I open my eyes finding him looming over me. 
“Harry.” 
As if I’ll ever act like this is okay with me.
When I don’t respond, his sickening smile slips into a flat line. “You have no reason to be scared, Harlow. Come.” 
Without any warming—any offer of a hand, I’m tossed onto the bed, my body bouncing before settling into the cushion. My gaze flits around, trying to get my bearings when the sudden weight of his body falls onto me, pinning me to the mattress. I’m trapped. There is no chance of getting out of here, and even if I did, the guards will shove me back in here. No one is on my side right now.
My heart thumps against my chest, my breaths coming out in short, heavy pants as I force my knee between our bodies, intending to use it to shove the vampire—Harry, he said his name is—off of me. Before I can, his hand snakes around my knee, forcing it to the side. 
“This will be fun, I promise you,” he says, eyes no longer on my face. They skim down my body before settling on the red silk between my legs. 
I gulp, ramming my arms into his shoulders. He’s a brick above me, my strength nothing against him. 
“I would think Alec would have trained his pet better than this,” he murmurs, his eyes flashing with anger. “Don’t do that again or I’ll make this hurt.” 
“Fuck you,” I spit, throwing my arms out again, aiming for his face this time. He catches my wrist midair and loops a silk tie, one I hadn’t seen in his hand, around it. Nonetheless, I yank my other hand close to my body, but he’s still able to grab it, wrapping the tie around it too. My wrists smash painfully together as they’re propped up above my head, knotted to the bedframe.
“I suspected you wouldn’t be so willing.” 
Sobs wrack my body then. I’d give up the rest of my life and willingly gift my blood to any vampire who wished for it if only I could get out of this right now. My noises do nothing to his calm exterior of course, and once again, I wish I had magic to get myself out of this. 
Harry’s pants are rough on my bare leg, pulling me back into the moment. If only I could escape into my head—to lose myself and wake up later when this is all over. 
“I paid a lot for this experience and I will not have you ruining it.” 
His fingers hook around the weak lingerie and they’re ripped from me in one motion. He throws it to the floor right beside my dignity. My skin is bared to his roaming eyes. 
His fingers tug roughly on my nipples, making me wince. After a moment, his hand shifts down my stomach, pressing against my dry centre. I clench my legs and try to block the intrusion, but his hand comes between my thighs, forcing them to separate again. His thigh moves between them. Any power I think I have disappears with his touch.
“Get wet or this will hurt.” His finger assaults my clit and he flicks it, trying to get a reaction from me.  
His words do nothing to soothe me and after another moment, his finger moves to the position to enter me. I stop breathing, my muscles tensed tighter than ever before, my inner muscles creating a wall to block his entrance. Still, the first bit of his wide finger enters me and I cry out.
“You’re tight.” 
His finger pumps a few times, trying to get deeper, but my locked muscles continue to block his entrance. For half-a-second, I will myself to allow him, in hopes this will be over sooner, my mind traveling to other, more pleasurable times. Like with Alec, the other night. The pool. Even that first day on stage. 
But even thoughts of him can’t drag me away from this hellish reality.
Harry gives up, his hand moving back to my clit, where he tugs, twists, and presses down on it. He gives nothing but pain, and I bite my lip, not wanting to give him the satisfaction of crying out again.
He curses. “Typical witch. Always too good for vampires. Your kind never changes.” 
The sound of a belt buckle has my eyes shooting downwards to witness my torment. His pants end up on the floor and his shirt follows along a moment later. He leans down, his erect, small cock grazing my thigh and I gag. I dare glance up toward his face, finding the expected white glow.
“I tried to make this better for you,” he says, “but you wouldn’t obey, so now you get to deal with the repercussions.” His hips flex and his hard cock hits my opening. 
Once again, my eyes slam shut and then—
Crash. 
Gone is the vampire’s weight and I twist my head to follow the new noises. From the awkward angle of being tied down, I see only what’s not blocked by the bed—the new figure crouched by the bedside.
Alec.
A snarl rips from his throat while he positions himself between the vampire and me. Harry is on the floor by the window, crouched, wiping a streak of blood from his mouth.
A cool hand rests on my shoulder and I jump, my gaze whipping to the right and finding another vampire. Kind eyes emerge under the shaggy hair of Alec’s guard and he holds up a small switchblade, gesturing to my hands.
Thankful for his kindness, I smile, giving him permission. He leans over me and when the slice of the knife cuts my wrists free, I pull them to me, rubbing the blood back into them. Despite the audience having already seen the view, I also yank the sheet over my body, wrapping it around my chest while I focus on the scene in front of me.
Alec lunges toward the vampire again and tosses him toward the other wall. He hits it with a bang, before sliding to the ground, leaving a dent behind. He jumps to his feet, charging Alec, who expertly dives to the side, missing the attack. 
“I paid for her,” he snarls.
“She’s mine,” Alec growls. “You touched her.” 
“I paid for what I was about to do.” 
Darkness overtakes Alec and his body straightens into another kind of threatening stance; one calm, steady, but deadly. His hand whips up, pointing to the door. “Out.”
“I paid!” Harry turns to face me, but before he can manage a step, Alec attacks, throwing him to the ground again. His fists make contact with the vampire’s face, the sickening sound of bone cracking ricochets through the room.
“You will get the fuck out of here and never return.”
“I demand a refund.”
“You will leave with your life and that is your refund.” Alec throws himself away from the vampire and stands, snapping his fingers. Instantly guards are lifting him, each taking hold of one arm. 
With him held, Alec’s twists, the glow of his eyes darkening back to black. Slowly, he steps toward the bed, his hand reaching for me. “Harlow, are you—?”
I rear back. “Don’t touch me. This is your fault.” I hurry to the door, half-expecting him to stop me. “Don’t come near me ever again.” 
The guard who untied me blocks my way and, no longer caring about my state of undress, I lift my hands to bang on the brick chest in front of me. “Move!” His lack of helpfulness tugs frustrated sobs from me and my vision blurs with tears. “Move!”
Alec murmurs something low I don’t pick up and a sharp pain pierces my neck before darkness overtakes me.

Chapter 23
Alec

“Get her out of here.” The guard lifts her sunken body into his arms. “My room,” I add before he rushes away with her. Once she’s safely gone, I turn back to Harry.
All the uncertainty I felt on the other end of the island—the choice I had to make between Harlow and Cora…it all melted away when I decided. Finding him poised above her made me murderous with rage, but I held back from killing him then. I’m not sure how Harlow would manage it on top of everything else.  
He spits. “I will tell everyone how you make promises that you don’t keep.”
He won’t have a chance to. A stake is slipped into my hand from behind me. Harry tracks the movement, his eyes bulging, body jerking in attempts to escape the hold my men have on him. His legs kick out toward me, fear growing with each passing second. 
“D-d-don’t.” 
I shift it in my hand, poising it above his chest. “Think of it this way; you’re getting what you wanted. Death.” 
In a flash, I stab it into his chest cavity, letting the wood break through his immortal body. A vampire’s death doesn’t take long. He gasps, his arms—now free—flying toward his chest. I keep a firm grip on the stake, eyes blazing on his pathetic actions. He drops after another moment. Within seconds, light fades from his eyes and he’s gone. 
I flick my hand toward him and the guards lift his dead body and take it from the room. 
With the room now cleared, the source of my guilt and its ruffled sheets demand to be noticed. The pieces of lingerie she wore are nothing more than a crumpled scrap of silk on the floor and I lift them to my nose. The scent of her fear is overpowering to my senses, but it’s nothing I don’t deserve. 
I walk away, shutting the door behind me and head up to my room. The door is ajar and Harlow is curled up in the middle of my large bed, sheets up around her body. To the right of her stands the guard who carried her. I make brief eye contact with him and he nods and leaves. 
Once he’s gone, and the door closed firmly behind him, I make my way to the bed. Harlow’s bright hair is a stark contrast to my black bedding. Her light to my dark. The serum she was injected with will allow her to sleep for a few hours. With the evening she’s had, it’ll do her mental state some good. 
Get Victoria here. I want Harlow looked over. Ensure Lily is close too. I text Basset before tossing the phone on a nearby charger. I grab a chair, bringing it to the side of the bed to watch her while she sleeps. 
Watch over her. 
Everything I’ve been fighting, every growing emotion, every denial to feel anything—to go against my feelings for Cora…they all fizzle away at the mere sight of her in my bed. I rub my chest, my heart in what seems to be a permanent state of warmth. The mate bond is gone, but something is still there and I can no longer ignore it.
The second I walked away from the room—away from the horror I granted Harlow—it was over. Cora mattered less in that moment and I can’t keep avoiding what I’ve been feeling for weeks now. The small level of loyal determination I still feel toward Cora had me still running away from her, but I can’t any longer.
It’s her. 
I lo—care for her.
And I can’t kill her, Cora and Marco be damned. 
Cora’s perfect, immortal face fills my mind, but I glance away from her expression of betrayal and disgust. I’ve spent my entire existence after her death avenging her. My entire time with Harlow is supposed to be nothing more than me continuing on with vengeance…but I can’t.
Soft breaths emerge from parted pink lips. Her eyes, closed now, will be surely filled to the brim with hate later. My stomach clenches. No wonder Mary warned me off today. 
Do I free her? She’s not even mine to keep. The deal with Marco was that I will sell her blood until the day he wanted some, and then I could kill her. If I let her go, I risk everything. Marco will come for me and I’ll lose her. Instead, I could keep her. 
Does she even want to be kept? 
This plan would involve continuing to sell her blood, at the very least. She believes she’s on a five-year timeline, but can I admit everything to her in those years, so she will go along with it? Unlikely. Telling her the truth will only drive her further away. Tell her now and use the next few years to convince her to forgive me?
No woman wants to be told they were only kidnapped to be killed.
I groan, bending over in the chair, my head resting on the edge of the bed. Disgust with myself is bitter in my mouth.  
This is why the bond had to be broken. This helpless feeling inside of me is what I couldn’t manage back then, and I’m certainly not managing it now. I couldn’t let myself love her then, and now is no different. 
Except it is. 
The small knock on the door interrupts my reflections and I stand, finding Victoria and Lily on the other side. 
“Bassett sent for us,” Lily comments. 
I step out, closing the door behind me. “Victoria,” I start, glancing at the doctor, “look her over. Make sure she’s physically and mentally okay.” When she nods, I shift my gaze toward the maid. “Ensure she gets food and bathes and see to any other wish she has, but do not let her leave this room until I get back.” 
After their acquiescence, I leave, down the hall and away from the castle again. I sprint all the way to the beach, to the edge of the island, recalling the image of Harlow crouching by the water, wind coursing through her red hair. The sand moved as she walked, and the water greeted her with every step. The island knows who—what—is here and showed her their respect. 
I head toward the waterline, not removing my shoes, not caring about the effect saltwater will have on genuine leather. The air is stale; there’s no breeze, and the water also remains still. I, on the other hand, am barely tolerated by nature and the island likes to show its indifference to me. 
I reach down to the warm water. It streams through my hand, abandoning me, in the same way Harlow will when she wakes up. I fist my hand around the remaining drop, wishing it was as easy to keep her as it is to keep this single waterdrop. 
My sigh drifts over the still water. 
***
A short while later, I find myself back outside my door where three female voices can be heard.
“I’ll go get you food.” Lily. 
“I’m just here to examine you.” Victoria. 
“Examine me!” The screech is Harlow. “You need to get me out of here! Do you know what he did?” 
I stroke my hands over my hair, feet shifting under the impact of her words. 
A moment later, the door opens and Lily slips through. She throws me a small smile, and for some reason I feel relaxed by it. Perhaps it’s the knowledge that not everyone despises me. “She woke up quite disoriented a few minutes ago.” She leaves then.  
Victoria, “I do know.” 
“I was almost raped.” The weight of the word carries through the door, slamming straight into my heart. If I didn’t feel shitty before, I sure do now. 
“But he saved you,” Victoria points out. 
I killed for her.
Harlow is silent and I’d die to know what’s in her head at this moment. 
“I need to check you,” Victoria continues. “Are you bruised anywhere? Do your wrists hurt from the tie?”
The tie. In my blind rage to get Harry off of her, I didn’t pay attention to her exact state in the second. My arms twitch, shaking, thinking about Harlow being tied down, as if she’s some rabid animal. 
Harlow moves from the bed. “My wrists feel fine.” 
There’s a long pause and little noise before Victoria adds, “Yes, they do feel fine. Did he…?” 
“He started to,” Harlow responds quietly. A quickening of feeling brushes my heart, but I keep listening. “I was dry—I couldn’t get wet, and his finger hurt.” 
Motherfucker. I fist the air, imagining it’s Harry’s throat. A stake to the heart was too easy of a death for him. 
“You may feel tender there by tomorrow then,” Victoria continues.
“Excuse me.” Too wrapped up in the conversation, I don’t hear Lily return. She’s holding a large tray made up of a milkshake, a burger, and fries. “Comfort food,” she explains when spotting my focused gaze. 
I wave her away and step back so she can slip through the small crack in the door the guard makes for her. I try to quickly peer in but see nothing except Lily’s back before the door closes in my face. Temptation to step through is there, but I resist.
More rustling and footsteps, and then Harlow moves toward Lily. “Thank you.” I hear the tray being rested somewhere. 
“I’ll leave you to eat,” Victoria says. “Here,” she adds. “Ibuprofen. It’ll help the pain.”
Harlow mumbles around her bites of food and even my ears don’t pick it up. I back away from the door when I hear Victoria’s approaching footsteps. 
She spots me right away. “She’s fine. Emotionally, she’s sad. She appears angry with you. I gave her pills for the—” 
I cut her off with a sharp, impatient tone. “I heard the entire conversation. I know. You’re free.”
“Call if she needs me,” are her parting words.
I tune back into the bedroom, eager to continue listening.
“Would you like a warm bath?”
Harlow groans around the food in contentment. “Yes.” Pause. “Here?”
There’s no noise and I assume Lily is nodding. 
“When can I go back to my room? Why am I here?”
“He wants you here.” Footsteps walk away. The bathroom water drowns out any sounds of cursing I am sure Harlow is releasing. 
The room falls silent for a few minutes with only the sound of the water running and Harlow eating. After a bit, Lily steps back out into the main room. “The bath is ready for you. I’ll go get some of your things.” A moment later, she comes out to the hall. 
“Don’t return until I tell you to,” I call out to her, tired of being the outsider on this whole thing. I want to go inside and see her. Concern is weighing heavy in my chest.
I listen as Harlow’s feet cross the room and into the bathroom. After a few seconds, when I’m sure she’s in the bath, I enter. 
The blankets are turned down, a food tray sits empty on the chest at the end of the bed, and a small bottle of medicine rests beside it. The splashing of water drifts from the bathroom and I walk toward it, purposely putting weight into my steps so she can hear me. My hands twitch at my side, restless and nervous, and I jam them into my pockets.
From the corner tub, Harlow opens her eyes, gasping at my arrival. The fear that flashes in her eyes tears me up—rips apart the otherwise cool exterior I’ve been fighting to maintain and I can’t stop my face from softening toward her. 
“What are you doing in here?” Her words are edged with unease, her shoulders tightening with every step I take toward her.
“You know why I’m here,” I tell her, my tone low with longing. 
Harlow’s nose picks up in a sneer and her eyes flash. Gone are the hurt and nerves, being replaced by pure fury. “Then why am I in here?” 
“Do you need to ask?” 
“I said it yesterday, Alec, and I’ll say it again. You’re giving me whiplash. I can’t keep up.” Her voice is strained with apprehension. 
“And this is the final time, I promise.” Is this pleading? “I went too far with this plan; I see that now. If I have any hope of keeping your mental state intact, having sex with the customers is no longer part of the deal.” I take a breath, despite not having to, and add, “I’ll only take the vials from you and have them drink directly from you.”
They’re not the words I want to tell her, but they are the logical ones she’ll expect from me. They’re the safest bet right now—at least until I determine what exactly to do. 
Her brows shoot to her hairline. “You’re saying unwanted sex is wrong? It’s called rape, and I’m so glad you got with the times. In fact, there’s a whole movement against it and everything.” She rolls her eyes, looking away, scowling as she goes. I can’t help but flinch at her hateful tone.
Her words, while bitter for good reason, snip at each one of my nerves, cutting them until I have nothing left but to tell her the parts of the truth I’ve been holding in for so long now—holding back from admitting to her because with admittance comes acceptance. Accepting what’s been here the whole time. 
“I…care about you, Harlow.”  
“You care about me?” she shrieks, her gaze whipping back toward me. Water flies from the tub at her quick movements, but I don’t glance down to witness the drops darkening my pants. “Caring is not kidnapping someone and keeping them away from their family. Caring is not molesting someone or locking them up. Caring is not making someone a blood prostitute to anyone who waves money at you. You are a vampire. You don’t have a heart. You don’t know love and you certainly don’t know what it is like to care for someone.” 
She stands up, unabashed in her nakedness, water sluicing down her curves, but I avert my gaze until she grabs a towel from the nearby rack. 
“Whatever you think you feel for me, I want no part of it.” Her wet feet smack the tiles as she steps out, striding by me with all her fierce determination to get far away. 
For a second, I remain standing in the bathroom, tracking where her feet take her. When she approaches the door, I rush out, placing myself in front of her to block the way. She stops short at the intrusion.  
“Move,” she growls, her body going rigid in defence.
Her wrath—while rightful in its place—fuels me. I stalk toward her and she steps backwards, away from me. “Not until you hear me out. You want no part of this? Then why are you laughing, constantly smiling?” Another step. A dance of will. My gaze narrows on her. “You’re happy to spend time with me, and I know it’s not some ploy because I can hear your heart. It doesn’t stutter, never beats in fear, but today…today I smelled your fear in that room.”
I nudge her further in the direction of the bed until her legs make contact and she falls into a sitting position. I remain standing, towering over her. “You are right, Harlow. I don’t know what it is like to care. I do know what it is like to kill, steal, cheat, and lie, and I don’t care who I hurt. But that’s the opposite of what I’m feeling right now. You are interesting, brave, and beautiful. You’ve impressed me. How can I not learn to care about that? About you?
“You want to know what has most surprised me in all of this? In how I have changed. I planned on forcing you in a cell for the rest of your life” —or, until I ended it— “only letting you out to be primped and pampered for your guests. I planned on letting you be fucked every which way, by anyone, by as many as they wanted, so long as I got paid. I planned on more than a weekly draining. But then you showed up and I felt weak. All my plans fell through.” Even the ones she’s unaware of.
Her mouth gapes open, but I keep going. “I tried to stay away from you. When you started getting fed from, I left the room. I avoided you, but then…I couldn’t. I was compelled back to you, by you. That’s not a spell; it’s not fate…it’s you.” Her brows wrinkle in deep confusion, but I skip over my accidental words. “I want to be the villain in this, but I can’t handle knowing you got forced into sex. Knowing, despite our deal, it was your hard limit. I couldn’t handle the guilt after seeing your expression yesterday. I didn’t betray you because this was always part of it, and you knew that, but damn, Harlow, it sure felt like it. I haven’t felt guilty in many, many, many years but you pulled that emotion out of me from deep down. There’s only been one time I’ve felt like this toward another person, and yet, it’s been nothing like what I feel for you.”  
I stop talking, realizing I nearly brought Cora up. A conversation I don’t ever plan on having with her—not if I can prevent it.
Nothing I said to her is a lie. Cora aside, fate aside…it’s her.  
Her eyes bulge and her mouth drops open wider. And then closes. Open. Close. But she says nothing. Her chest heaves underneath the towel with her deepening breaths. 
I shut my eyes for the briefest second—an act too quick for her human eyes to track. Bitter disappointment rings through me, but then I’m also not overtly surprised by her reaction. I fall back a step, letting the expression leave my face. 
“I’ll tell Lily to bring your clothing. You’re free to go back to your room tonight.” 
I leave then, despite wanting to remain. My fingers fly over my phone, sending a text to Basset to instruct Lily she may return with the clothes and to cancel all the bookings involving sex. I head straight to the office, knowing I’ll be spending the day dealing with the repercussions of those cancellations. 

Chapter 24
Harlow 

The door shuts behind Alec and I remain frozen on the bed. Everything he said, with such emotion, was because he cares about me? Despite his lengthy points, I don’t believe him. I can’t believe him. This isn’t a Disney movie; the beast doesn’t become the prince. Not in this story.
The door opens again and Lily walks in holding a stack of my clothing. She rests them on the bed beside me. 
“Thanks,” I murmur. 
“No problem,” she replies kindly. “Alec said you can go to your room anytime if you please, but you can also remain here, if you’d like. There’s a television in the wall over there. Remote is inside the bedside table drawer.” She methodically walks away and out the door before I respond.
The comfortable yoga pants and shirt she brought me slides over my body, strangely feeling like home again. As nice as the offer may be, I can’t stand being in this room for a second longer, so I leave, making my way back to my room, but I stop. 
What’s the point? Nothing there will keep my mind off the fact I was very nearly raped. That he put me in that situation. 
Eventually, I wander to the first floor. The castle is silent—more silent than usual, and I stroll to the front door. I’m expecting guards to shove me back inside, but perhaps I can convince them to let me sit at the base of the stairs. I need to feel fresh air, to further wash away everything that occurred today. 
But then I tug open the large, heavy doors finding the steps…empty. I poke my head out, glance up and down the length of the castle. Truly alone and free. Strange. I step down and onto the beginning of the path.  
The castle looms behind me. If no one is around, it can’t be hard to find a phone and call someone to get me off this island. But then, I don’t have an indication of where I am. Perhaps my unnamed, unknown saviors can trace the call. 
I step toward the treeline. It’s a start at least. 
But…something halts my steps and my feet lock on the path. Unable to walk forward, but unable to turn around. For all I know, the lack of vampires is Alec’s way of releasing me from the agreement, but still, something prevents me from walking toward the forest. 
The night wind blows, pulling my gaze toward the beach. For that, my feet begin to work again, and I stroll down the path until it switches to sand. Taking a deep inhale of salt water air, I drop onto the soft, grainy beach. The gentle rolling waves serve as meditating music for my troubled reflections.
With my feet buried in the sand, my eyes shut, turning off life for a simple moment. Alec has an empire here, with people who fall in line, and I’m—apparently—no different. Despite today, he won’t let me go—he’s said as much. I’m income for him, and the change in services doesn’t nullify his overall concept.
I still don’t believe any of this is because he cares for me. This is him ensuring I won’t have a breakdown.
Still, the whole thing nags at me. If it’s all about money, he shouldn’t have interrupted today. He gave up before it even had a chance. Good for me…but pointless for him. He slandered his name, pissed off a customer…for me.
I shake my head. I’m becoming that girl. The one who rationalizes the villain’s horrible actions. I’m an idiot. Grandma would be ashamed. I’m hiding because I’m too scared to admit what I feel; that when I’m with him, I’m happy. I’m happy in the midst of all this evil because of Alec. Because something inside of me feels something for him, despite my blatant determination not to. He’s not a good man, I know that…but I can’t help what my heart feels. 
I’m foolish. Senseless. Absurd for feeling what I do. 
The fact he saved me today speaks volumes about him. Therefore maybe—maybe­—he does care. 
	My sigh fills the night air. Indecision, confusion, and hopelessness weigh heavy on my shoulders.
Harlow.
Her voice comes from the wind and I whip around, searching, but I’m alone. 
Harlow, my child. 
“Hello?” I glance around once more, checking behind me, before focusing my gaze forward.
You know who I am.
I’m talking to myself. This place has officially made me snap, I think.
There’s a low chuckle in my head. No, Harlow. You’re talking to the water, the wind, the sky, the trees, and even the sand beneath you. 
“Goddess?” My eyes dart around, having nothing to pinpoint on exactly. How? Why?
Yes, my sweet. I am she.
“But how? My family lost their powers ages ago. I shouldn’t have contact with you.”
I contact who I want, and you’re so much more than a human. You have such a purpose. 
I scoff. “To get rid of the vampires, right? It’s why you gave my family the cure.” 
I didn’t give you the cure. Your ancestors did. 
“But nothing happens you don’t know about or design, right?”
Her chuckle mixes with the wind. Wise girl. It’s more than that. I’ve been waiting for you. You and Alec… She trails off, not finishing.
My heart picks up. “What does that mean?” I shout into the night air, recognizing my own hysteria.
Silence. 
“Goddess!” I yell, twisting around every which way. “Goddess, come back. What did you mean?” 
More silence. 
My head drops into my hands, no longer wanting to look at the forest behind me, the house, or even the water. Everywhere I look, someone wants me. In the house, there’s Alec. Now the Goddess, who wants…?
But what do I want? 
A few weeks ago, I wanted a life. To finish university, complete all the necessary steps, and work in a lab somewhere. Eventually, a car, a relationship, and even a pet would be on the horizon for me. I still want it all…right?
To not see Alec again? 
Alec, my literal captor…and my friend. Somewhere in my time here, I ended up enjoying being with him. When he showed up in the pool that day, I wasn’t totally opposed to his presence, or even what he did. I flush, recalling the feeling of his mouth on mine. Aside from the business, he’s not cruel. He’s given me comfort, food, and even friendship. Not once has he directly harmed me. When he wasn’t around, I wanted him to be. 
Wanted—still want. 
“I…care about you, Harlow.”  
Maybe he does. And maybe…I do too. 
I need to find him. Need to figure this out. Suddenly encouraged, I stand, rushing back to the castle. Like on my way out, I run into no one. He said he wouldn’t be back in his room for the night, but I’m hoping he had gone there anyway. If not, he’s likely in his office.
I make it there quickly and push open his door, being met with darkness, so I get to stroking the wall, seeking the switch. Midway through my search, the room bathes with light, illuminating Alec in a chair by the bed.
“You won’t find a switch,” he explains, laying the controller down. His gaze focuses on the bed in front of him again, his eyes boring into it. A cloud of angst hovers over his head, and for a second, I’m pleased he’s agonizing like I am.
“What are you doing here?” I ask, stopping a few feet away from him. “You said you wouldn’t be back here.” 
He barks out a laugh. “This is my room. I should be asking you the same. Shouldn’t you be off running through the trees?” He doesn’t glance up from the bed.
“How did you…?” Realization dawns on me. “It was a test. You asshole.” Anoyance wrapping around me, I stride forward, sitting on the bed directly where his gaze was just. 
Forced to look at me now, his eyes travel up the length of my body. Without their usual fire, my body doesn’t flush. Instead, his dead, depressed eyes stare through me rather than at me. 
“You said I didn’t care, so I gave you the chance to leave.” His words ignite a small flame, his onyx eyes coming alive again. “Now my question for you is, why are you still here? Why did you return?” His jaw tightens, a sign he’s fighting his own emotions again.
“Because I’m not done here.” Everything rests unspoken between us, hovering above our heads and wiping away his angst cloud. 
For the longest second, his eyes remain locked on mine. Finally, he blinks and says, “Harlow, I’m sorry for how far I took things.” 
“All these apologies make it difficult to view you as the bad guy.”
“Maybe I don’t want to be the bad guy anymore.” 
 Slowly, he stands, his body coming close to mine. Our chests brush, stealing all the air from my lungs with its simple, innocent touch. I’m stuck in the power of his gaze, unable to run, even if I wanted to. His forehead drops to mine and I stop breathing. Waiting with bated breath to see what he will do. 
“I can’t stop,” he murmurs. “And I think I don’t want to.” 
I tilt my head, enough that our noses bump, and our lips brush lightly against one another’s. The soft, barely-there touch has my lips tingling with excitement, but I begin to pull back, before we tip into boundaries there’s no turning back from. 
 Alec’s mouth descends on mine, making the choice for both of us and his hands rest lightly on my hips. Hardly touching, as if he fears his touch will break the spell over both of us. 
Spurred on by him, I kiss him back, my mouth parting. His tongue slips in and tangles with mine, completing the dance of love and hate we’ve been perfecting since the first day. I go up on my toes, arms coming to rest on his broad shoulders, keeping my balance. The tingling grows, and I kiss him harder in response. 
Until it gets worse. A scalding sensation slices through my body, straight to my chest. My mouth breaks apart from his, gasping, hands flying to my chest. The feeling as if someone has my heart literally in their grasp. I shoot a wide-eyed look toward Alec in time to watch him also cry out, his hands coming up to hold the sides of his head. 
Alec, dressed in tights and a riding coat, stands over a dying woman. They’re talking. 
“One day…a witch will be…your…un…undoing.”
He bends down, sinking his fangs into the side of her neck. 
It’s the same images as before. Only this time, not on rewind, and with sound. My body drops to the ground, hands flying to my head, forcing the intense throbbing back inside. Inches away, I hear Alec curse, but after a final shout, we both fall quiet. The pain dissipates as if it never happened.

Chapter 25
Alec

The crippling ache stabs at me—my head, my stomach, my nerves…everything, and I break apart from Harlow in time to see the agony flash across her face. I reach out for her, as another round of pain racks my body and I grip my head instead, falling to the floor. 
No. 
This is…
Harlow on the ground, dying, in her ancestor’s place. The vision shifts and Harlow melts away and the witch I killed is in her place, blood seeping from her neck. 
“You are a monster. One day…a witch will be…your…un…undoing.”
That day is today. 
A final round of pain lights through me, before disappearing altogether, leaving me on the ground, panting. 
“What…was…that?” Harlow cries out. 
Her words singe my nerves. The burn alights into a small flame, sparking me into action, and I lift my head, finding her also on the carpeted floor. Not caring at all of how undignified I may appear, I begin to crawl toward her, needing to make sure she’s okay. 
It’s more than needing to make sure she is well though. Her scent of honey and vanilla weaves itself into the corners of my mind, filling any available space with her. My arms shake, craving her touch—and to hold her.
Did I…? No. I think I accidentally re-instated the mate bond. 
I stand, pulling Harlow up with me. “Are you okay?” My gaze examines her body, searching for the sign of anything amiss. “How do you feel?” 
I’ll have to explain it to her. How do I explain pain like that? Pain we both experienced together? Not once has she asked about bond breaking, but this one won’t go unnoticed. She’ll hate me for playing with fate, because that’s all I’ve been doing this whole time. Fate—her own family—gifted Harlow to me and all I’ve done is spit on it and fight it. I took this whole decision from her—the decision of us, all because my determination to keep my vow had won out.
Not again. 
Her skin is warm, but then I suppose with the rush of blood from the adrenaline the pain caused, this is normal. My hands shift, skimming her arm until I reach her hand and grasp it in my own, in time for the warmth to increase. 
“Harlow—” 
She cries out again, cutting off my concerned question. Her skin heats—sizzles—and I drop her hand. 
“You’re burning up.” But I don’t know why, or how, or what I can do to help and feelings of helplessness stun me. Powerless for the first time since Cora’s death.
I can’t lose another one.
Her eyes, the size of golf balls, find mine and the expression of horror and fear is a stake inside me. I reach for her again, but a wave of heat throws me back, flying me across the room. My back hits the wall, and I immediately scramble to my feet and rush back to her.
Her mouth is open in a silent scream, eyes darting around her body. Bits of orange tint her skin and she drops to the floor again. She cries out and another blast of heat flies from her. I remain steady against it this time. 
She whimpers and I crouch beside her, hand reaching slowly toward her, trying to ignore the waves of heat radiating from her. I flinch, my skin warming. Nothing that’ll kill me, I think, but I’m still wary against her temperature. This seems more than just heat. My concerns are the bottom of my every-growing pile of worry because the heat she radiates is comparable to…
Fire. 
As if I gave her an unspoken command, a wall of fire shoots from the floor, separating Harlow from me. I leap back and out of the way. While I should be able to cross the flames, since fire can’t kill a vampire, instinct keeps my feet grounded.
The flames rage for thirty long seconds. I count every single one of them as this may be the final time I look upon Harlow. Her screams die, the flames disappear, and she remains a body on the floor.
I rush to her, touching her shoulder. “Harlow?” Her skin is chilled under my palm. Oh, God, no. 
A small cloud of smoke appears to my left and when the smoke settles, Mary stands there. Her eyes, bright and excited, remain focused on Harlow, still on the floor. 
There’s been no better time for her to show up. 
“Help her,” I plead despairingly. “I don’t kn—what happened to her?”
Mary shifts her gaze to me, for half-a-second. “Your kiss reinstated the mate bond. I warned you of this. It awoke her magic.”  
“How?” I’m too stunned to rationalize this.
“You activated the spell again. It woke a deeply hidden part of her.” 
Not helpful at all. “But how?” 
“It doesn’t matter. That’s not why I’m here.” She snaps her fingers and Harlow appears beside her, limp in her arms. 
Danger. I slowly get to my feet, arms stretching toward the women. “Mary, what are you…?” 
“She needs me. She has her powers again. You do not want to be around her when she wakes up.” 
But I do want that, want her. I open my mouth to protest in time for the room to fill up with smoke. I lunge forward, my hands grasping at nothing. The smoke slips between my fingers and when it clears, I’m alone in the room.
“Fuck!” 
As if my entire world didn’t just disappear, Basset enters in that instance, his attention focused on the tablet in his hand. “Sir, people are still sending angry emails.” 
I seethe, hissing between clenched teeth. What he’s worried about is nothing; not when I’ve lost everything. 
“Sir?” he asks, glancing up when I say nothing.
“Cancel everything,” I grit out, hands fisting by my side. “The entire program is done.” 
I’m sorry, Cora, but I can’t choose you. Not this time. Not after all these years. I should have never fought this pointless battle against the Sinclairs. The blood of countless of Harlow’s ancestors stain my hands—a family she’ll certainly not get back.
“Sir?” 
“Do it,” I order. “She’s no longer for sale. We’re not taking blood from her ever again.”
Memories of vampires’ teeth on her skin, inside her thigh, consuming her—consuming what is mine invade my mind. All those times she’s passed out in the chair after giving vials of blood…Harry. They’re images that will haunt me. It’s over.
Marco be damned.
Bassett quickly nods, his unasked question still hovering in the air. “Right away.” His gaze skips around the room. “Where is she?” 
“Gone. Get on that. Find Mary.” 
“Mary? What does she—?” 
“Do it,” I interject, my muscles itching with each passing second she’s gone. “Track all of Mary’s known locations. She took Harlow away.” 
Bassett instantly backs out of the room, leaving me alone in my misery. My hands clench at my hair, tugging. Two witches have disappeared and I have no way to find them. And when Mary tells her the truth, she won’t return. 
Worse—she’ll despise me. 
 

Chapter 26
Harlow

Pain. Heat. 
Alec. 
The bed is comfy beneath me, if not a bit spongy. I stretch, mentally scanning my last memories. I recall going to see Alec, kissing Alec…but nothing more. 
Pain. Heat. 
My body was sore. My head hit the ground. Everything had ached, and then my skin got warm.
Fire. 
I clench my closed eyes tighter trying to scan through the distorted images. Nothing seems real and yet…
Alec. 
I open my eyes, expecting the dark sheets of his bed, or even the white ones of mine. I definitely expect to find him though, beyond the backdrop of his castle. Instead, the green grass, rolling hills, and rising sun is not what I expect to see. I sit up, my hand drifting to my head, rubbing away the numbing headache. A hangover from hell. 
“Morning.”
I jump, twisting and finding a stranger beside me. She sits prim, her legs crossed, while her tilted head watches me. A wave of familiarity hits me, but I can’t place her. A long dress covers the length of her body, creating a pool of blue around her. Long, blonde hair falls straight past her face and over her shoulders, also resting on the grass below her. 
“Who are you? Where are we?” Again, I scan the area. Grass as far as the eye can see, giving away nothing. 
“Scotland.”
“Scotland.” Considering it was just past two a.m. earlier, I am clearly in a different time zone. Unless I slept all night.
Her shoulders lift into a nonchalant shrug. “I enjoy it here, especially at this time of morning.” 
“How did we get here?” My gaze skims the area, finding nothing telling. And nothing in my distorted memories gives anything away. After the…the fire…everything is black.
“Magic.” 
“You’re a witch?” I peer at her. She seems relatively normal, but then, I suppose so do I. 
“And so are you.” 
“In the bloodline sense, sure.”
Her brows raise and her eyes drift down to my hands. “In the real sense too. You don’t remember?” 
Pain. Heat. Fire.
“I remember…being hot. Like I was being cooked from the inside. And…” And the wall of fire that appeared right before me, separating me from Alec.
“And?” she probes.
“And fire,” I whisper, not believing my own words. “How?”  
“For the first time in generations, your bloodline has its magic again. Fire was your family’s chosen element, and decades of unused magic has just seated itself in you. Essentially, you’re an extraordinarily powerful woman right now.” 
“Impossible.” I shake my head in disbelief. “Our magic died out long ago.” 
The stranger’s lips curl into a satisfied smile. “No magic ever dies out.” 
“I don’t…” Still shaking my head, I push out, “I don’t understand.” 
“You are the Goddess’s daughter. We all are, and whether you practice magic or not, you’re a part of her as much as she’s a part of you. Long ago, when your ancestor married a human, their child was a half-breed.” Her gaze drifts to the side, losing herself in the past. “They were raised to practice, but then they grew up and also married a human. That child was a quarter witch, but also practiced magic. Now, with so many humans in the family, it became less respectable to do and so the next generation opted not to teach the ways. Skip a few more generations and you’re the result. After so long, your magic settled, hidden in your blood.” 
Her eyes flick back to me, landing on my hands again. “It’s forever been in you, waiting to be woken up. And when you kissed Alec, it came back to you. The Goddess hasn’t shown me how or why, so please don’t be annoying like your mate and ask.” Her eyes roll, her mouth kicking into a smirk. “It’s something he would definitely do. I’m suspecting the power existing between you two—the power of the bond—or maybe simply the original spell…something, whatever it is, countered decades of silence and woke your magic up.” 
Magic back. 
Spell. 
Bond. 
Alec. 
…Mate. 
Her speech registers in me. Each little, loaded detail she throws at me like it’s nothing, when each bullet goes straight through my nerves. 
“W-what are you talking about?”
Her head tilts, her smile growing. “He told you nothing, did he?” Her eyes drift again, gazing into the rising sun behind us. “No, he hasn’t. I’m supposed to because then you’ll—” She cuts herself off, adding, “Well, I guess no time like the present to let fate finish its path.”
“You haven’t told me who you are.” Should I even believe this stranger? She’s the only witch I know, and she showed up after my magic returned, so she can’t completely be a bad person, can she?
“I’m Mary, the First Witch. I represent the Goddess on Earth.” 
Not truly understanding any of what she says, I comment in reference to the last part. “I spoke with her.” 
She nods. “I know. It’s quite rare for her to reach out to someone directly, but then, she needed to put you back on your path. 
“My path?” 
“All in due time.” 
The rising sun begins to cast a glow over us. Its rays warm my back, reminding me how long it’s been since I have felt and seen the daylight. While I want to enjoy it, Mary holds answers to everything I need and want. 
“Alec was…different back in the day. He was angry, wanting revenge for something—I’ll leave that story for him to tell. A witch cast a spell on him. A spell which, ultimately, gave him you. Witches and vampires don’t have mates; we’re no more ‘connected’ to one person than other humans are, but the spell created the bond between him and a future witch…you.” 
“Why me?”
Her shoulders lift into a shrug. “I’m not entirely sure she planned a particular witch. I suspect fate had a part to play in choosing his mate. Her words didn’t indicate who it would be, only that one day, he would find his mate.
“Around that same time, the Goddess showed me the future, and why she blessed the spell. She wants this to transpire. She wants the two of you bonded. He’s powerful in his own way, and you…well, Sinclairs were always some of the most formidable witches. They created vampires on their own, and with you having generations of magic built-up in you…You two will be a powerful pair one day.” 
One day. Like it’s still a possibility. 
“And you knew all of this?” Beyond the shock of what she’s told me, there’s one line in her speech still nagging at me. She saw all of this occur. That the Goddess saw all this—and allowed it to happen. “You knew what he was doing to me?” My palms grow tingly and warm.  
Wariness flashes through her gaze and her lips purse. “I first met him a few centuries ago. He wanted a powerful witch on his side, and I allowed myself to be the one. I saw what needed to be done, and I had to get into his life.”
“You knew he was going to take me from my life? From my family?” My voice rises, sharpening against the blade of truth she’s about to shove into me. Of course, she knew.
“It had to happen,” she responds, her tone equally as sharp. “It’s called fate for a reason.” 
I sneer, disgusted with everything she’s saying. “So, my own deity betrayed me, my ancestor made me connected to a vampire, the same vampire who kidnapped me, sold me, and nearly had me raped?” The same vampire I started to grow feelings for. It all makes sense now—it’s not me caring about him; it’s this damn spell working through us.
The heat in my hands grow, shifting up my arms, coating me like a sweater. My heart pounds quickly against my chest.
Mary’s eyes darken. “Yes, because this is what needs to happen. Witches and vampires have hated each other for centuries—long before either you or Alec were born. The Goddess needs this warring to end, and you two are her solution.”
I hold my hand up, blocking her from telling me more. Even through her crazy talk, there’s one more question still bothering me. “Did he know?”
She bites her lip and glances away, telling me everything I need to know. 
I seethe, welcoming the heat now. Sucking it into my veins. Picturing it burning him. “He knew?”
“Not at first,” she responds, finally glancing at me again. “When he kidnapped you, you were nothing but a Sinclair to him. I had to tell him who you are.” 
“When?” Intuition says it wasn’t recent. 
“Not long after he took you. Two days or so.” 
My breaths fall shallow. “He knew most of my time here, and at no time, decided to tell me?” Along with the heat, my arms quiver, but I press my hands into the ground on either side of me, hoping the steadiness holds me down. 
“He wanted to try your blood without risking a change. That’s when I told him he can drink from you regardless. Being his mate, the cure won’t affect him.” 
Cure won’t affect him…But not once has he ever tried to drink from me. “He never bit me,” I say, tone slower.
“No.” Her lips purse again before she adds, “He didn’t want to reinstate what I tried to remove—the growing bond. When I came and told him who you are…he had me remove it.” Apology tinges her tone and her hands wring on her lap. “I did so, knowing all this would play as it did…but he was scared at first.” Her eyes meet mine with bare courage. “He took you because…well, he had his reasons, and for a while, it controlled so much of him. He couldn’t handle knowing who you could become to him. The pain you felt—that was it dying, and the sting earlier was it returning to you. He couldn’t drink from you—be with you—not without risking the bond again. I couldn’t get rid of the spell; all I did was slow it down essentially. I amused him at the time, seeing how all this had to play out. It needed to be removed, as much as I could, so he could eventually make it to the man he is now.”  
She talks about him as if he’s a good guy. As if his actions are noble, when in fact, they’re a coward’s moves. He got rid of a magical bond between us, so he could continue to sell me off to vampires and not feel anything toward it. He has the gall to try to be a friend—to care about me when all he is, is a fucking liar.
“I see his claims of caring for me are lies.” 
“They’re real. Anything he felt on his side was because he wanted to—because he actually feels them. The bond’s effects were already wiped then.” 
Every word from her mouth begins to grate on my already-fragile nerves. “And what—your part in all of this is to be the news-giver?” 
“And making sure everything goes smoothly, of course. Ensuring the Goddess’s plan plays out correctly and helping you through this.” Her pointed gaze locks on my hands in the grass. 
I follow her gaze, surprised at what I find. The grass around my hands is gone, singed and dead. My warm hands glow orange where they rest on the ground. Shit. 
“You need to control yourself first. If you go back to him like that, you’ll explode.” 
“Go back?” Did I hear her correctly? “I’m not going back! You got me free from that monster. I’m going home, away from you, him, and whatever the Goddess’s insane plan for me is.” 
A harsh wind whips through us and Mary dictates, “That made her angry.”
“I don’t care.” Every nerve, every muscle pulsates with demand to get away from Mary, from all of this, and hide when I get home. I’ll bury my magic again if I need to and won’t use it. Won’t bother learning it. I stand and quickly stride away from her, aware that other than the country, I have no idea how to get out of here or back home, let alone the money to make it happen. 
“Harlow!” she calls out. “He will search for you.” 
I continue marching away and down the slope of the hill we’re on. “Then I’ll kill him.” 
She huffs, jogging to keep up with me. “If you’re not going back, then let me take you home.” 
As much as I want away from her, if she’s my only option, then so be it. I cut my eyes to her. “My home only.”
“Yes,” she agrees, holding out her hand.
I take it, wrapping my warm hand around her small one and close my eyes. My feet lift off the ground but the magic holds me steady. When I open my eyes, I’m standing in front of the familiar four walls and roof which hosts so much of my happiness.
Home. 
The backdrop is night again, which answers the question of my timeline. I don’t think on it too long because for the first time in what feels like forever, I feel unbridled joy. Giddiness courses through me and my face stretches painfully from the width of my smile. Home has certainly never looked so good.
Grandma is in there. 
“Thanks,” I say, but find I’m alone.
I race up the steps, my hand immediately grasping the knob, but finding it locked. Perhaps Grandma has gone to bed, but thankfully, we keep a spare key inside the mailbox. Eagerly, I retrieve it and push the door open. 
Instead of warmth and fresh-baked goodies, a chill greets me. My shoes leave marks on the dusty floor as I walk forward, slowly, scanning the area and finding nothing but furniture-draped sheets. 
What happened here? A rock of dread drops in my stomach and I hold my breath before I imagine the worst. Maybe she simply moved? It’s the only explanation I allow myself to have, despite already feeling it’s the least likely of them all.
I drift to the closest piece of furniture—a chair—and drag my finger along the length of a sheet. Stiff. I examine my finger and the grey mark left behind.
 “Hello?” I call out.
Nothing but silence greets me. Continuing into the kitchen, I find bare countertops, a sheet-covered table, and all our small appliances shoved into one corner of the room. I open the fridge to find it empty and warm, as if it has been unplugged for a while. 
I loop around to head upstairs and find my room—
Knock, knock. 
The banging on the door stuns me and I freeze, feeling like I shouldn’t be here. Like I’m trespassing on my own home. Half-reluctant, I open the door finding familiar greying hair and kind, sleepy eyes. His pyjamas indicate he was in bed.
“Mark,” I greet my old neighbor. “What happened here?” I gesture into the house behind me. 
Mark scans me, his eyes growing wide and his mouth falls open. “Harlow? We assumed…” 
“I was gone for a bit,” I interject, a bit impatient. 
“A long bit,” he counters, his tone rising in disbelief. “We weren’t sure you were coming back. The neighbor across the road called me and said someone was hanging around the house, so I had to check. You never know at this time of the night.” 
“Where’s my grandmother?” Ice prickles at my spine.
Mark shifts and suddenly finds the cement of my front step interesting. “Harlow, she’s…dead. I’m sorry.” 
The physical agony I felt when the bond was broken, the pain from every bite, every faint…nothing equals the heartache jamming its way into my already-injured heart. What Alec has done pales in relation to the nightmare I’m living at this precise second. Another relative—my only living relative…gone, while I wasn’t here for her. My body ripples with weakness and I stumble, using the doorway to right myself while my lungs constrict, sucking in deep gulps of air, fighting against the dizziness. 
“How?” A whisper is all I manage.
Mark flinches, as if I hit him. “A heart attack. It was shortly after she reported you gone. I think…I think it was too much for her. I’m so sorry, Harlow.”
The stress of my absence killed her. The final brick in my already-crumbling wall officially smashes to the ground. “What’s happening with the house?”
He shifts again, staring at his feet. “You were gone. No way of knowing where you were, and when the lawyers and police couldn’t find you, they assumed the worst. The house went up on auction, with everything inside. All your possessions are gone. The furniture and house were sold together. I can ask around for the name of the lawyer who worked the case. You’re alive, and this may be negated.”
His words brush over me the same way a fly would; small and insignificant. Being homeless is nothing but a fact. My body numbs while my hand tingles with magic waiting to be used. 
“It’s fine,” I reply sharply. I step around him and pull the door closed behind me, shutting my childhood home for the last time before handing him the key. “Tell the new owners this was in the mailbox where we last left it. They didn’t do a good inspection.”
He pockets it. “I will. Do you have somewhere to go? My wife and I would love—”
“It’s fine,” I interject. His question is valid though; where will I go?
Back to Alec…my mate. The man who betrayed me. The man I— 
“I have somewhere to go,” I murmur. “Thanks, Mark.” 
I walk away, leaving behind the stranger I’ve known longer than the vampire who twisted me up inside. 

Chapter 27
Alec

I’m coming for you, Harlow.
The last time I said those words I was hunting her. Now, I’m searching to bring her back where she belongs. It’ll be the final time I do because once she’s back, she’s not leaving. She can hate me all she wants, but she’s doing here. 
It’s most logical she ran back home, if Mary released her, and it’s the first place I’m checking. 
I hand over a bag for one of the men to load into the plane when I see it—the shimmer beyond his shoulder and the woman, slight in size, with waist-long blonde hair. In a blink, I’m in front of her holding her throat in my grip. She’s small enough my fingers touch when they wrap. My bared teeth hover, growling into her face. She doesn’t flinch, and surprisingly, doesn’t fight me though we both know I’m nothing against her magic.
“Where did you take her?” I seethe. 
Mary’s gulp moves against my palm. “Let me go and I’ll tell you.” Her voice is too calm for having death so close.  
“Tell me first.”
“Her house.” 
As expected, but Mary’s confirmation means we won’t be wandering aimlessly around. I release her, not caring about the thud her feet make on the tarmac, already heading back toward the plane. 
“Alec,” she calls out. “I came to tell you something.”
“You’ve done enough, witch.” 
“Her grandmother is dead.” 
I still, turning back to give her my attention. If what she says is true, this will kill Harlow. “What?”
“She’s gone. The house has been sold. Harlow has no one and nowhere to go. She’s a witch new to her powers and I’m scared for her. She’s sad and angry and doesn’t want anything to do with me.”
“That makes two of us,” I mumble. “Where is she now, then?”
Mary’s eyes flick to the left, her expression far away. “She’s wandering her city, alone.” A moment later, she adds, “She’s had magical flareups, but is controlling them.” Her voice ends on an appreciative note. 
“But she’s still in the same city? I’ll hunt her by scent.”
“No need.” Mary chuckles. “The bond doesn’t create love. You can hate her for all it cares, but it does make you protective of her, therefore she’s linked to you. If you focus hard enough, you can pinpoint her exact location. Try.” 
The bond doesn’t create love. Somehow, I feel like I know this already. My changed feelings occurred long before the connection was reinstated. 
With a short huff, I close my eyes, seeking her out. I recall her honey and vanilla scent, the feel of her soft skin, her fiery hair bouncing with every step she takes. The song of her laugh drifts into my senses, and those green, telling eyes.
Harlow stops and stares over the waist-high metal gate into the cemetery. Tears bead at the base of her eyes and her hands come up to rest on the metal for a few seconds. Her shoulders lift with her sigh before she pushes the gate open. The metal sags, melted, from where her hands were.
My eyes shoot open. “She’s in a cemetery.” 
Mary holds out her hand. “I can save you the fuel if you would like and take you right there. Besides,” she glances at the sky, “when you arrive it’ll be daytime.”
Her argument is compelling, and less than a moment later, the island setting is gone, replaced by a town. More specifically, the cemetery I just watched Harlow enter through. I peer around a tree in my view, but don’t spot her. 
“She’s in there,” Mary murmurs, releasing my hand. “Far right corner in the back.” 
I glance down at the small witch. “Why are you helping me, when you’re the one who took her away in the first place?” 
“She isn’t just from a witch bloodline anymore. She’s untrained with her magic, and regardless of what happens today, she will need help controlling herself. For now, her magic is attached to her emotions.” She pauses and says with a smile, “On that note, be careful. She’s especially angry with you.”
“I assume you told her?” 
“Everything, except the reason you stole her.”
Thank God for small miracles. Which begs the debate, do I tell her about Marco and Cora? Tell her I only took her to kill her? It certainly won’t win her back, but then lying won’t help my case. An impossible debate that could lose her either way. 
Not that I exactly have her right now.
“Remember, Alec,” Mary continues, “the bond connects you two. You care for her, but she may not care about you. On that note… adieu.” She’s gone in a puff of smoke.
I enter the gate, my hand brushing along the melted metal and I walk slowly through the rows of headstones, continuing down the centre path until I break a curve, spotting Harlow in the far corner. She’s standing in front of a headstone, sobbing.
My feet move forward, aching to go to her, but logic and reason keeps me grounded where I am. She won’t want the company—not now, when she’s visiting with her grandmother. In hindsight, with all the times I used her as leverage, I should have kept tabs on the old woman. It’s laziness on my part. 
Harlow will blame me for this. The knowledge is another stab to the heart.
Still as a tree, I wait, until finally Harlow backs away from the headstone. I’m blocking her path and, in a moment, she’ll have to notice me. She walks a few more feet, her hand coming up to wipe at her eyes when she spots me. I break the distance, still keeping a careful pace while my eyes lock on her puffy, red face. 
“Alec? How did you—?” She closes her eyes for a moment and sighs with resignation. “Mary.”
“Yes, but without her we can still find each other, if you focus.”
Her walls go up at the mention of our bond and her face falls flat. “No, thank you. Have you come to kidnap me again? Maybe this time lock me up for good?” Her tone is sharp, annoyed and she lifts her jaw. 
“No, it won’t happen again.” 
“Because I’m your fated, right?” Her eyes blaze green fire, mouth shifting into a flat line. “Fucking bullshit. On no occasion should it have ever happened to begin with. You should have left me alone, and now because of you my grandmother is dead, my home is gone, and I have magic I don’t know what to do with.” She breathes in and out deeply, her words jamming into me like a knife because she’s not wrong.
“I was fine,” she continues ranting. “I was in university. I was normal. And now what? I have no one and nothing. Do I go back to school? When I get upset over a grade, I might accidentally roast the professor.” She sighs again, this time sadder and her bloodshot eyes break away from mine. “Leave me alone,” she mumbles, defeated, and takes a step to the side to move around me. “You’ve done enough. Let’s go our separate ways and forget this ever happened.” 
Not happening. I shoot an arm out to the side and block her way. 
“Move.”
“You’ve said your speech. Now let me say mine.” 
“Fuck off.” 
“Harlow, let me talk.”
Her lip curls. “Again. Fuck. Off.” Her hand raises, glowing, but before she can try to use her magic, I lift her up, speeding us to the nearest tree. 
My hands remain on her back to avoid injuring her from the force of the tree. Before she can protest, I capture her mouth with my own, but let her make the ultimate decision. She can pull away or…
Contradictory to everything she’s said thus far, her arms snake around my neck, her fingers weaving into the back of my hair, holding me tight to her. I flick her bottom lip with my tongue, demanding she open, and feeling victorious when she does. She smiles into my mouth.
I harden beneath her and shift, my hips pressing into hers, so she can feel what she does to me. A moan breaks through and feeling spurred on, I pull away from her mouth to attack her neck, craving those small sounds of desire she grants me.
“Alec…”
I move up from her neck and take her mouth again. She meets me kiss for kiss, lick for lick, with the force and intensity I’ve been missing. 
I pull back to murmur, “Is this a good speech?”
Her hands come up between us and she pushes me away. I could fight it, but I don’t, and step back, watching her green eyes build those walls again. 
“This doesn’t change anything,” she says. 
“It means you’re still attracted to me.” 
“It’s all some spell though, right?” Her rolling eyes scrape at my annoyance. “What I feel for you isn’t real.”
Recalling Mary’s words, I tell her, “The spell is the connection between us, but emotions are separate from it. They come from us.” Her words indicate she does still care, but is questioning it.
Her head tilts, a frown plastering on her expression. “According to Mary, right? Should we be trusting her?”
Her use of “we” and “I” is a start. “In my experience, Mary is many things, but she’s not a liar. She omits, but she has yet to lie to me. She wants this to happen.” 
Harlow’s frown slides from her face, turning into skepticism. “I guess.”
I keep my position steady in front of her. “That kiss had real emotion.” 
Her hands fist, but she doesn’t deny it. “Go away.” 
“No. Your best bet is to return home with me.” 
 “It’s your home, and my place of capture. Stay away from me.” Again, she steps to the side, but I block her, remaining a firm tower in her way. 
“Look, we don’t have to interact, but Harlow, where else do you have to go? You’re back in the ‘real’ world with no protection and untrained powers. You can come home with me and I’ll ensure your safety. Your blood will remain your own. The program is done. You’ll have access to anything—you can go anywhere on island and I’ll stay out of your way. We’ll be two strangers living together, if it pleases you. I’ll get Mary or any other witch you want to help you control your magic.” 
Just when I think I’m getting through to her, when her shoulders droop and her expression becomes resigned, she fixes the crumbling wall of her protection and stalks by me. This time, I let her. She needs time and I’ll protect her from afar. I scan the sky, noting it’ll be daylight in a couple of hours. 
She walks away from me, making all the way to the cemetery’s gate when she stops suddenly. I spot the exact moment she resigns; her shoulders drop further, if it’s possible, and her sigh drifts to me through the night air before she turns around. 
“For now. If you’re truly giving me my freedom, then I want your promise you’ll let me return when I want to. I need to determine how to get re-enrolled in school and figure out my life from here on out. And when I’m done, I want to come back.” 
“Okay.” Not fucking happening. 
I’ve won the battle, but not the war. And now I need to figure out how to get us home.
Mary chooses that second to return, her familiar smoke wrapping around either of us. She’s grinning widely. “I knew you two would figure it out. Take a hand. I’ll get you back to the island.”
Harlow’s jaw remains stiff, but she begrudgingly steps forward, taking one of Mary’s outstretched hands. I take the other and within seconds, we’re back on the island in front of home, Mary already gone. Harlow rips away from me and rushes into the castle, but I keep pace with her. 
“I know where I’m going and don’t need an escort. I’ll be in my room. Don’t bother me.” She tosses a venomous glare over her shoulder and I slow down, eventually stalling altogether as she continues on alone. 
I listen to her steps, the distinct slam of her door, and her heavy stalking through her bedroom and sigh. She’s here and that’s step one. Step two being, what do I do about her? 
She’ll get anything she wants. Whichever clothing she prefers, any technology she’ll be satisfied with, anything to make her feel more at ease here and not like the prisoner she was. She mentioned university, and this could be something I can assist with perhaps. Anything to make her see me for something other than the villain I’ve been thus far. 
Exhaustion is beginning to weigh heavily on me. My eyes ache and my body feels heavy. The last time I slept was right before retrieving Harlow initially. With the sun rising and Harlow’s disdain for me, now is the best possible time to rest. 
I climb the stairs, a pace slower than even a human’s until I make it to her floor. The sounds of her cries drift through the door but I force myself to my bedroom, shutting myself in before I do anything stupid. 
As I cross the threshold, my phone rings. Marco. I should let it go to voicemail, but then he may know something is up. If he doesn’t already. Business has been stopped for less than a day, so the accounts won’t refresh yet. 
“Busy,” I say in greeting, lowering my voice and ridding it of any emotion. I can’t let him know something is up.
“Checking in. How is she?” 
“Popular.” It’s the same response I’ve given him in the past. 
Marco makes a noncommittal noise. “You’re handling it fine?” 
Why is he digging? “I’m fine. What do you want, Marco? You’ve asked me all this before. I’m busy—get to it.” 
“You’re in a mood. I’ll be visiting next week.” 
“Fine. Bye.” I hang up, tossing the phone onto the bed. If it fell and broke, it wouldn’t be completely disappointing.
He’ll be visiting, likely to check up everything. I blow out a long, unrequired—but somehow still needed—breath. It does nothing to ease my nerves. Fuck. Another impossible situation to navigate. 


Chapter 28
Harlow

After leaving Alec on the staircase, I immediately go to my room and lock the door. I wouldn’t put it past him to seek me out later, and while the lock won’t stop him, it eases some of the tightness in my chest.
I trudge forward to the bathroom and fill up the tub with hot, steaming water and eagerly climb in. The water sloshes around my body, removing this day from my mind. Its sting is a welcome sensation that pokes at my tense muscles.
Bonded. 
Fate. 
Magic. 
I lift my hand from the water, examining it, recalling the sight and feel of the flames. They made my palm tingle, but I felt powerful nonetheless. Fire magic. I’m not even sure what that consists of. I drop my hand back under the water, shutting my eyes and let my mind wander. 
He’s mine. Do I want him?
Pictures invade my mind. Every vampire that has drank from me. Vampires he gave me to for money. Alec trapped me. Sold me. Then he made me feel something for him. 
Like the ultimate villain.
Stockholm Syndrome at its finest.
Alec took me away from the only remaining family I have—had, I correct. She’ll never force breakfast muffins at me again, or yell about keeping my body fit in case something like this happens. 
I am the final Sinclair. When I die, which is more likely when living with a vampire, my family line dies too. And maybe it should. With no more of my family, there will be no more cure. This will all be over. 
I sink deeper, the waterline playing against my lips. Alec claims this is over now and I’ll be safe, but the question is, will I be? 
If Alec wants to remain peaceful roommates, he will not talk to me again. He will not come near me. I will live here until I can figure out what to do with my life. I’m an adult and should be able to get a job no problem, rent an apartment…Knowing why I’ll need to is a slash to the heart however. And maybe Alec is right. I simply need time to conduct myself, learn my magic, and then I’ll move on.
***
The next morning, the scent of bacon drifts its way into my mind, pulling me from sleep. Curious, I sit up and find a tray by the door filled with bacon, eggs, toast…most curiously, a phone box with a note attached to it.
Harlow, 
A cell phone for you. I have added my information in so you may contact me whenever and for whatever you need to. There’s also a direct line to the kitchen. You may call them whenever and order food. Mary’s number is also in there. She said to tell you to contact her for anything. 
I will stay out of your way, until you wish to see me.
I am sorry. 
Alec.
It’s sweet, regardless of the monster sending it, and surprisingly, no feelings of hatred arise. 
Is it surprising though? The bond only showed itself to me because we kissed, and we only kissed because I…I went to him. For him. We’ve been ice and fire since day one. He took my life; he controlled my time here, but some of it doesn’t seem genuine. Like he’s following someone else’s demand. 
“Have you ever felt like you were betraying someone?” 
Was it a warning this whole time? His way of telling me he’s following a command. But whose? Alec doesn’t seem like someone who would follow anyone else’s orders. 
The times he’s shown humanity toward me…I let my thoughts trail off before they get into dangerous, traitorous waters. I may have started to care for him before, but knowing who he truly is has killed any spark I felt. 
Feel. I rub my chest. I feel it still—now more than ever. 
In fact, I think…I think I felt it before. As if I knew somehow deep down the whole time. My body knew, no doubt in the same way his did as well. 
I scowl at my own thoughts. Again, treacherous territory. Still, I unbox the phone, impressed to see the newest model of the most popular phone shining back at me. Generous, but still doesn’t change the fact that he knew this whole time and lied to me. 
***
For one week, there is no sign of Alec. For a while, I’m sure he left the property altogether, but then I overheard others talking about a task he had given them earlier that day. He did exactly as he promised and left me alone. 
Something that both pleases and brandishes me. 
I have swum, worked out, watched movies, read a book a day, and frequented the beach often, but as lovely as it is here, I’m bored. If this is forever, kill me now. 
Bored and lonely. I miss Alec, while I hate to admit it.
Not only have I not seen him, but he had a large television delivered to my room along with a bundle of new clothes, ones more suited to my style. 
Mary eventually reached out, so we set up a training session for today. While I’m not thrilled with the idea of seeing her again, I have magic and it’s something I would like to learn so I can eventually manage a human life again without being an accidental danger. I head down to the large gym and find her far away from the door, standing in the middle of one of the sports fields. 
“How has everything been since I brought you back here? I haven’t seen you in danger, not that I expect Alec to place you in harm’s way at all.” She smirks. “You being his mate and all.” 
I roll my eyes, disliking the conversation already. “It’s been fine. As he promised, I haven’t seen him at all. Or anyone else for that matter. I’ve been pretty much alone this whole time.”
“Is that depression I’m hearing?” she taunts, wagging her finger at me. 
I push her hand away from my face. “I’m just…I don’t know. Somehow, it was more fun before everything happened.” 
“You mean, back when you were spending time with him.” Her brows hike with her statement.
She’s not wrong. “Yeah. But…” 
“But?” 
But I miss him. I shake my head, letting my mind clear of all things Alec. “But nothing. It’s just how it is. Now,” I clap my hands, “let’s get on with this.” 
Mary frowns, her eyes narrowing, but says, “Fine. Sit.” 
“Why?” 
Her eyes roll dramatically. “Because I said so. Sit.” She also drops to the ground, crossing her legs as she settles on the mats and gives me an expectant look. After a beat, I follow her command.
“First lesson is being able to remain in control and stay calm. Close your eyes.”
I do as she instructs again.
“Picture what makes you angry. I want you to feel it. Go.”
Every face of the vampires who have bitten me flashes in my mind. Every bite they gave me; the slimy feel of their mouth and the cool touch of their tongue. I picture my grandmother falling to the floor, alone in her death.
 My body warms, heating as if it’s a summer’s day. 
Alec’s empty expression as he handed me off to each vampire pops into my head. When he touched me in front of the crowd; when he befriended me while knowingly lying to me about what I was to him. 
The building heat grows.
“Good,” Mary’s murmur cuts in. “Your face is pinched and your hands are glowing. What do you feel? Without opening your eyes.” 
“I feel pissed.” Grandma’s face appears again. “And sad.” Alec’s face. “Lonely.”
“What do you want to do?” 
What do I want to do? What a strange question. The series of faces show up again, ending with Alec’s. “I want to attack. I want to use this magic for something productive.” 
“Without opening your eyes, now picture what makes you happy.”
My house cuts the faces away from my mind. My childhood home where I’ve lost three people I love, but had spent countless, love-filled hours with them. The front of my university and I recall the pleasure I felt with my acceptance. 
I blow out a soft breath, a sense of calm taking over the hate. 
Grandma handing me my morning muffin, and being there each night. My hands go limp, my eyes rest, and the heat cools slightly. I picture Alec, his face, his lips, his hands. I picture him in the pool. On the beach. Alec touching me. A shiver wracks my body and my hands revert to normal temperature again. 
“Open your eyes.” 
I do, spotting Mary’s passive expression. 
“How do you feel?” she asks, her mouth hiked up on one side. 
“Calm,” I respond truthfully. 
“Your magic glowed brighter at the end. Similarly, it dimmed faster at one point. What were you thinking during those times?”
 “Alec. At first, I pictured him lying to me, but then I recalled all the good times with him.”
“Hmm,” is all she says, lips pressing together before she adds, “No matter. Step one to knowing your powers is learning how to control them. They’re linked to your emotions and this will take practice.” 
“You’re saying I won’t be able to call upon my magic, like you?”
“Magic is linked to emotion, though the degree varies. Well-practiced witches can merely smile, or think and call upon it. New witches—you, for example—have to dig a bit deeper. Strong emotions, anger and sadness being the easiest, will trigger it, but then you also need to control, manage, and lower your magic with the same emotions. Which is why practicing meditation is the first step. You need to learn control over your emotions and your magic together.”
“Think happy thoughts to not use power,” I summarize, smiling for the first time in days. This is good. This will be helpful. “Now,” I sit forward, quirking an eyebrow, “do we get to the learning-how-to-use-magic part?”
She chuckles, standing. “No, not yet. You’re new to your magic, and like I said, you need to bond with it. For now, I want you to practice making your magic rise to the surface, so you can also learn to push it away. With time, you won’t need to do all this. It’ll be more natural.” 
I stand. “That’s it?” Disappointment rings in my tone. For a moment, this was something to keep me busy. 
“Again, you’re new and things take time. Practice.” Her small steps echo through the empty room as she heads for the door. “I’ll return in a week or so and see how you’re progressing. See ya.” She snaps her fingers and I’m alone in the gym. 
Learning to control myself. I hold my hand up to my face, examining the human-looking palm. My chest swells with air, and for the first time in days, I feel light, good. 
Control. 
Practice. 
I can do this.

Chapter 29
Alec

Some people would refer to what I’m doing as brooding, but I prefer to think of it as debating. Debating what to do with Harlow. The phone has been ringing nonstop, with vampires calling in—the expected fallout of my decision. It puts me behind on other business, and by the time I get caught up, there’s a new list of customers to speak with. 
Thankfully, I’m their point of contact and not Marco. I’ve been on edge since his call a week ago, waiting for the moment he storms the place. It’s bound to be anytime now. A week off means a week of no income—something I’m sure he’s noticed. It’s been silent, setting my nerves constantly at the edge of a cliff.
“Why do I find you constantly looking depressed now,” a voice says nearby. “What happened to the big, bad Alec who used to drive me nuts?” 
I raise my head, finding Mary standing beside me. Her head is tilted while she observes me, as if watching a caged animal. “Why are you always here?” 
She smiles wide, sweet, and innocent and hops onto my desk, crossing her legs. As if my stack of folders doesn’t matter, she slides them away, making room. “I was just with your mate.”
“Don’t call her that.” 
Mary pouts. “It’s what she is.” 
“I know, but is she really? She wants nothing to do with me. You were right, you know.”
“I often am, but about what this time?”
“The bond doesn’t equate to love.”
“Yep,” she responds. “But you should know, she does love you. She won’t admit it to herself, of course.” 
“She told you that?”
“Not in so many words. When teaching her control, thinking of you made her angry, but it’s also what calmed her down. Do with that what you may.” She hops down from my desk. “What do you want from her?” 
What kind of question is that? “What do you mean? I want nothing from her.”
Her lips press together, brows lifting into a skeptical look. “You don’t want her love?” Doubt rings in her voice. 
“Well, of course I do. I don’t want her to hate me.”
“I don’t think she hates you, Alec. She’s mad, angry at how everything occurred. She needs time and to not be pushed…but she’ll come around.” 
“Is this you advising, or telling me she will?” 
Her mouth lifts into a sly smile. “I’m not telling you that part. Let her come to you. Drop the seeds. Let her resolve her own feelings and realize what she already knows.” 
She then does the Mary thing and puffs away, effectively ending the conversation.
Harlow’s lonely, but she doesn’t want me. She needs someone—something maybe. I hear pets are a common thing with humans. She’s never mentioned an animal, but maybe it’s something she’ll appreciate. Something to spend time with, to keep her from getting lonely. 
Anything to make her happy. If it can’t be me, then I’ll at least facilitate it.
Images of Harlow curled up with a book and a cat on her lap fills my mind, but cats don’t seem like fun creatures. A dog perhaps, someone she can run around with. She’s been outside a lot lately, so maybe an animal to be with her. 
Then, a new idea comes to me. 
Finding my phone, I call Basset, giving him my order.
“I’ll have that by tomorrow, sir,” he responds. 
I hang up. Perfect. For the first time in a week, I’m smiling.
***
The next day, Basset delivers exactly what I need. She’s perfect and now I need a way to tell Harlow. While I’m sure she won’t oppose a text, I also can’t be sure she hasn’t blocked my number. The cameras show her to be in the gym, so I scribble a note, dashing downstairs to drop it by her side. 
Once delivered, I leave for the stable I had the men build early this morning, a few meters from the front door. The benefit of inhuman strength and speed means results happen quickly. The stable is large enough to host two stalls and all required equipment and cleaning materials against the walls. In one of the stalls stands the newest member of the Sinclair family. 
Pure white, she whinnies at the sight of me. The scent of anxiety rolls off her in waves, and while I consider leaving her be, I’m also slightly determined to make this animal like me. 
“What the hell is this?”
Harlow stands poised in the doorway clasping my note in her fist. It’s the first time in the week I have set my eyes directly on her for longer than the half-second I had when delivering the note, and I force my feet to remain in place. A few stands of her hair escape her bun and dance in the warm breeze. 
“You were quick.” 
She glances down at the note in her hand. “I was curious. This didn’t tell me much.”
“Well,” I back away from the stall and hold out my hands, “surprise.” 
Harlow’s eyebrows raise as her gaze bounces back and forth between the animal and I. “You got me a horse?”
“I figured you may want a friend around here. I’ve heard animals make good company.”
“I would have been happy with a cat.” A laugh bursts from her, and she drops the note to the ground, walking forward. Her eyes remain on the horse, alight, and almost in a daze as she reaches a hand out toward the animal’s snout.
Her obvious happy response soothes my insides. “With a horse, you could explore the island more.” 
“What?”
I gesture to the land beyond us. “You’re not confined. Perhaps she can serve as transportation.” 
Her quiet, “Thank you,” becomes everything in that moment, and I back away, leaving horse and owner to get to know one another.
As I get farther, I hear, “I think I’ll name you Belle.” 
***
It’s difficult to work for the rest of the day. I find myself twisting the chair around to glimpse out the window often. While I only face the forest, I still try to seek her out. My men report her outside, setting up the stall to her liking, and brushing Belle.
The paperwork scattered messily all over my desk once again demands my attention and I pick up the order for a weapons purchase. My eyes scan the document, not truly reading it.
When a message pops up on my phone confirming she’s back inside, I switch on the camera system, stalking her to her bedroom. She’s smiling—a good sign. It’s a sign I should go see her and ask how it went.
The document falls back into the pool of others as I stand. 
“Let her come to you.” 
Fucking Mary. Bothering me even now. The echo of her words is correct, and I sit back down and try to clear my head of Harlow.


Chapter 30
Harlow

After days of working with Belle on walking and circling the immediate area, it’s finally time to increase our speed and distance. Those riding lessons I had as a child are finally paying off. 
I head out early in the evening, just as the setting sun casts a deep, orange glow over the island. My aim was to wake up earlier and catch more of the sun but living on a vampire’s schedule has done a number on me. 
Once I get Belle saddled, we’re off, trotting down the path and toward the treeline. I’ve been to the beach plenty but haven’t been to the forest yet. 
The small path, clearly made by years of walking the road, winds through the trees, giving way to the greenery. Birds chirp in the near distance and a soft breeze picks up, winding itself through my hair, as if welcoming me into its fold. As Belle continues forward, a squirrel pokes his head out from the base of a tree. Beside it, a small rabbit hops by and stops at the edge of the path, its beady eyes focused upon Belle and me. As we near, it hops back into the safety of the forest. Birds flutter down from the heights and rest on the lower branches. Another squirrel joins the other one in observing us. The wind picks up again, brushing by me and lifting bits of my hair from my neck. 
I urge Belle into a trot, suddenly feeling the need to get away from our audience. There’s another bend and I break the treeline. Laid out in front of me is a small airstrip hosting a private plane, likely the one that brought me here. It’s small compared to other planes I’ve seen, but still is impressive since it’s not everyday someone owns their own plane.
Beyond the strip, there’s more of the vast ocean. I nudge Belle to continue down the path, trees edging one side and the ocean lining the other. The rolling waves contrast the breeze that rustles the leaves, and the two sounds mingle and travel over the ocean’s surface. 
We carry on down the trail until it curves again, bringing us back into the fold of the woods and away from the water. Again, animals gather along the path, watching us pass. It’s clear the island is responding to me. 
After my initial session with Mary, I’ve been working on figuring out which thoughts and memories trigger my negative emotions. Nearly every time, I’ve felt the heat of my magic, but nothing came of it. Mary said one day positive emotions would also work, but I haven’t tried yet.
	Surrounded by the comforting embrace of the forest, somehow, I know this is the time to try it. I shut my eyes, but focus on the animals’ sounds, the whoosh of the breeze, and Belle’s soft whinnying under me. 
	I inhale, holding those sounds in while I recall happier things. Dad’s strong, unwavering expressions of love and determination. Grandma’s warm, soft, loving hugs…Alec’s face. 
Heat shoots itself into my heart. 
Alec holding me. 
Laughing with me. 
Racing me in the pool. 
Watching movies. 
Being him.
The warmth grows, traveling through my body, abandoning everything but my palms. My hands tingle and I open my eyes, shocked at the image greeting me. 
A fireball, resting in my palm. It doesn’t burn, or even sting me. I flex my fingers, curling them around the fire, giddy when it shifts with me. 
Holy hell, I used my magic.
My disbelieving laugh coasts into the night air and leaves rustle nearby, as if the trees are laughing as well.
Now to get it to go away. Fire, go. I’m nearly positive my half-baked order won’t work but then the fire pops out, leaving nothing but a tingling, non-blistered hand behind. 
I laugh again. The only person I wish to tell right now is Alec. 
I’ve ignored him since we returned, but now feels right. Like I need to go to him. Start making amends and move on, because so far, he’s proven to have kept his word. In the two weeks since we’ve returned, I only saw him for the time it took him to gift Belle to me. I still don’t forgive him…but I miss him, regardless of Belle being a wonderful anti-loner gift. 
Before nudging Belle onwards, I pull in a large gulp of air and send a silent Thank you to the dark forest.
A few minutes later, we break through the trees again, the castle a large, dark shape in front of us. Once we return, I get her comfortable in her stable, before rushing inside to shower off horse. When I’m smelling like my honey-scented soap once more, I journey away to find Alec. His office is empty, so I pull out my phone to message him for the first time.
Mary’s name pops up on my screen at the same time, requesting another session this week. I update her on the development, which she’s more than happy to hear, and finally text Alec. 
His reply is instant. I’m in the movie theatre.
I get downstairs in record time, pushing open the door to the darkened room. My eyes begin adjusting instantly to the change in lighting and I find him on the main couch. 
He glances up as I approach, his eyes wary. “Hi.” 
“Hi.” 
“Good ride?” 
“That’s why I’m looking for you. I wanted to thank you for the gift. She’s been a treat the past few days. So, thank you.” 
A cautious smile stretches across his face. “My pleasure. I know what you must think of me, but I do want you to enjoy your life.”
The honesty in his tone is difficult to diminish and I take a seat on the couch, angling my body toward him. “I don’t hate you. I’m angry, but I can’t hate you.” Slowly, my hand glides across the leather toward his resting one. His eyes track my movements and I wait for him to stop me, but he doesn’t, and I eventually cover his, feeling his tepid temperatures under my palm. “I don’t think I can hate you.”
With speed I can’t track, his hand shifts on top of mine. “I appreciate that, Harlow. It’s hard, making myself stay away from everywhere you were.” 
“Don’t,” I whisper. “I think we should go back to how we were, when we were having fun.” 
Another smile takes over his face, and he shifts his entire body closer to me. His hand abandons mine and to cup my face and while my skin warms from his touch, I pull from his grip.
“Not that.” Not yet. I keep my voice soft, regretful, so he doesn’t get hurt.
His hope is replaced by disappointment, but he shakes it away quickly as well, and a small smile falls in its place. “I understand.” 
He falls silent for a second, but I switch direction to the reason I came here. “I used magic.” 
“You managed your emotions?” 
I’m not wholly surprised Mary told him the process. “Yeah, I guess so. I mean, I’m not sure if one time counts, but I was thinking about things…and then a small ball of fire was right there in my palm.” 
If what Mary says is true, and I have decades of Sinclair magic in me, it’s unsurprising that it’s bubbling near the top, waiting for me to have the slightest control before it emerges. The other day Mary suggested viewing magic as a living thing. It festers when anxious, hides when feared, but emerges strong when required. My magic is wanting to be used.
A genuine smile stretches his face and his onyx eyes grow brighter. “That’s wonderful. You’ll be able to kick my ass in no time.”
“That’ll require more control, but sure, maybe someday.” 
The couch swallows me whole as I press back into it, focusing on the movie he was watching. An action scene encompasses the screen and I pull my feet up, tucking them under me, while I enjoy. 
Enjoy the movie, Alec, and merely being.
***
“Hey.” I wake to the cool hand pressing against my cheek. Awareness hits me like a bucket of water and I realize I’m completely stretched out on top of Alec’s arm. 
“Hey,” I rasp out. “Sorry for falling asleep on you.” 
His shoulders lift into a shrug. “I didn’t mind. It’s not a great movie.”
“It’s weird,” I comment, stretching out all my constricted muscles. “I slept well, but I suppose the ride around the island did me in. What time is it?” 
My stomach chooses then to announce its hunger. 
“Apparently meal time.” He smirks. “Come, let’s get you food.”
“I’d kill for burgers and fries,” I say, striding by him and out the theatre. My eyes flutter rapidly, adjusting to the bright light.
Alec’s phone is already up to his ear. His conversation is rushed and when he hangs up, he says, “They’ll be out in a few minutes.” 
“Burgers and fries?”
He takes the lead up the stairs and down the grand hallway, continuing past the dining room. He likely has things to do, but still, the pang of disappointment is a bitter taste. When I stop walking, so does he. 
“You coming?”
I glance toward the large table to my right. “Where?”
“I have a better spot for us. Come on.” He continues toward the staircase. 
“You too?” Hope slips into my tone.
“My business ventures have greatly slowed down of late.” 
I should feel something at his words, but instead I laugh, amused by his statement. “I suppose they have. I’ve seen your documents when I organized your office. You work with the cartel, police departments…mafias all around the world. Am I missing anything?”
“Weapons deals, car racing, all sorts of illegal ventures. I remain on top of a lot occurring in this world.”
He’s a king even amongst the humans.
“Trafficking?” Goddess, I hope his response is no.
He throws a smirk over his shoulder. “Just one.” 
Fair enough. I am grateful I’m the only one—that there’s not some dungeon of innocent girls locked up somewhere. The company he keeps is likely to have such businesses, so it begs the question of how much he knows about the groups he does business with.
Lost in my mind, and Alec likely in his, we don’t speak again. Alec’s feet are silent against the marble staircase, his steps light and purposeful, while my graceless steps sound like an elephant’s stomps in comparison. 
I manage another flight before my legs begin to burn, begging me to stop. My breathing comes out as undignified pants and my hand presses against my heart, feeling the rapid beats. I’m a few steps behind him and slowing with each passing floor. It’s been two so far, but how many more until we arrive?
“Are we almost there?” I whine. 
He stops walking and I catch up, though not quickly. By the time I make it to him, my quivering legs threaten to collapse. “I can carry you if you’d like.” 
“No, no.” I continue past him. “If I can’t climb stairs, my father will roll over in his grave.” I make it to the next landing, my hands practically wrapped around the banister to keep me upright. “But how many more flights?” There has to be an end to this ongoing hell. 
“Three more,” he replies. “We’re going all the way to the top.”
I tip my head back, angling it in a way that I can scan the endless route still in front of me. “You’re kidding me?” I groan. 
The ground disappears under my feet as I’m scooped into his arms, bridal style. My arm folds around his neck and my hand grasps his shirt. Within seconds, we’re at the top of the castle and he releases me onto my feet. 
“There.” Alec’s fangs peek out from behind his lips when he grins and my heart quickens at the sight. “Much faster, right?”
“Mhm. I really need to learn how to pop myself around, like Mary does.”
At the top of the utmost landing, is nothing but a single door on the entire floor. An entire floor for a single door seems stupid. 
“What is this?” 
“Open and find out.” He gestures toward the door’s handle. 
Curious, I pull the door open, the wood creaking with age as it falls open. Beyond it is a small set of stone steps, similar to the ones leading to the dungeon, but these one leading up rather than down.
“You’re not locking me in a tower now, are you?” 
Alec’s dark chuckle sends shivers licking down my spine. “Tempting idea, but no.” 
I take the stairs, both scared and interested to find where it leads. Ten steps and I’m met with another door, but without waiting for him to comment, I pull it open, stepping out onto a balcony of sorts. Wall-less, but wide enough to accommodate the round table holding a plate of fries and a burger. 
“My staff are quick.” Alec’s arm brushes me as he passes to pull out one of two chairs.
I sit, but my eyes remain locked on the drop-off on either side of us, heart pounding. Not once have I considered myself frightened of heights but having no protection up here does spike the anxiety. 
“I won’t let you fall.” Honesty rings in his vow. Of course, he notices my nerves. Either by the sound of my racing heart or by the stiffness in my posture. 
“I know,” I say quickly. The scent of the beef begins to pull my nerves back and hunger takes over. My stomach growls again at the scent and I pick up the burger. Alec lifts the wine glass I hadn’t previously noticed. The deep liquid splashes the sides.
“Blood?”
“With a hint of red wine,” he replies. “Makes it easier to drink when in a glass.” 
Somehow that makes sense to me. I eat a few fries before asking, “What does it taste like?”
He takes another sip, his mouth moving as he swirls it around, as if he’s pondering his response. “It’s hard to describe. There’s an earthy taste to all blood, animal or human. Then it’s a matter of sweetness. Some people are sweeter than others.”
“Does sweetness depend on what we eat?”
Alec purses his lips before saying, “I’m not sure. I don’t really ask my victims about their diet.” 
Victims. I take another bite, pushing the word away from the conversation. “Some said I tasted sweet, but don’t smell it.”
He takes a final sip and places the glass down. “Yes, I think the cure affects your scent, which I find odd since your ancestors made the blood this way to draw us in. As for the taste, I think that’s merely you.” 
“You can drink from me,” I state, rushing to add, “because of the bond.” I hope he doesn’t assume I’m giving him permission. The memory of his mouth on my neck, combined with the sensations from each bite I received blends in my mind—replacing every vampire’s bite with one by him. My skin grows sticky.
He focuses on something behind me, his eyes going dull. “Apparently. According to Mary. But we don’t need to talk about this. I won’t bite you…unless you ask me to.” His eyes focus on me again. A white glow edges the outline of his pupil and I gulp, this time being the one to break his mesmerizing stare.
I shift, imagining more than his teeth in me. I think I want it—want him, in every way he’ll give it. Vampires pair blood and sex together. The woman in his office is an example, as is…I resist even thinking his name.
“Why did you bring in that woman?” Recalling her begs the question of what the whole point was. 
He leans back in his chair, arms folding across his wide chest. “It was a plan that didn’t work. I tried to distance myself from the growing feelings, hoping that if I made you hate me more it would help.” His hand tangles in his hair as he rubs his hand through it once, twice. 
“Did it?” 
His hand falls from his head, pulling a long sigh from him. “No.” 
“You were so determined to break the bond between us, all so you could continue selling my blood. Why?”
His jaw clenches, his gaze ripping from mine. “I can’t tell you that.” 
I drop the fry I’m holding and push the plate away, huffing at the stupidity of all of this. After everything, he’s still lying to me. Blood pounds in my ears. Rage, irritation, and dread all hitting me at once.
“Did it have to do with feeling like you’re betraying someone?” His words from my bedroom the other night haven’t left my memories. They constantly echo, demanding to know what—or whom—he spoke of.
His eyes harden, a wall going up between us. “You’re perceptive.” But his tone remains soft, almost appreciative and his lips press together, drilling into me for the longest minute until he says, “There was someone else, yes. Once upon a time.” 
I’m not typically a jealous person, but it flares in me, tugging my nerves, driving a wedge between logic and my heart. Was she human or a vampire? Was this before or after his change? My jaw clamps down on all the questions rolling in my mind.
“I loved her.” His use of past-tense eases some of my tension. “She was killed long ago, but it was hard realizing I care for another person. For a while, I hated how you were replacing her.” 
My teeth sink into my bottom lip, loathing how his sorrow makes me feel helpless—like I need to help him, comfort him, but I’m not sure how. Telling him it’s okay doesn’t seem appropriate. “I’m sorry,” I say instead, not exactly sure what I’m sorry for—that he lost her or that I’m here instead. 
He brushes off his misery with a simple smile and an offered hand. “It’s done now. She’s in the past. If you’re finished, I want to show you one more thing.”
Half my food remains untouched, left behind when I fell into the conversation. I stand and take his hand. “Should I be excited or scared?”
“Definitely excited.” He tugs me close, tossing me onto his back. I scramble into place, my arms wrapping around his neck while my legs tighten around his waist. His own hands grip my arms, keeping me in place as he says, “Hold on tight.” 
Then he steps off the balcony.  
The air rushes by, but I feel little other than my thumping heart against his back. The wind pulls my hair, twisting it into a cape that streams behind us. His speed makes the scene a blur. 
He lands, his feet lightly thumping on the ground. “That was cool,” I exclaim. “A rush.” While I’ve felt him run before, free-falling into the air is much different. Exhilaration runs high.
“We’re not done yet.” 
Before I can respond, he takes off in a run. My grip tightens, fighting against the harsh winds threatening to pull me from his body. 
I can’t see where he’s running to. The dark of nighttime paired with his speed gives nothing away. Given the size of the island, I imagine we can’t go anywhere far. When we finally do stop, we’re back in the shadows of his castle. 
“How was that?” 
“Amazing,” I answer honestly, breathing heavy. “How far did we go?”
“I looped the island four times.” 
“Wow,” I murmur, loosening my hold on him. “Belle has nothing on you.” When I’m firmly back on the ground, I tell him, “Today was fun.” 
I missed him. Missed this. It feels right and rids me of the pain and betrayal I used to associate with him. What he did is horrible, but I’m preventing my own happiness by resonating on something that won’t change.
“I’m glad. This is how it’ll be from now on.” 
He means it as a simple statement, but for me it’s a promise. A vow of moving on.
“We still have a few hours of night left. Another movie?” 
His response is to pick me up and race me down to the movie theatre.

Chapter 31
Alec
The next few days are spent in a dark corner of limbo, stuck somewhere between what I should be doing and what I want to be doing. Being with her satisfies a craving inside of me, but not being able to touch her is absolute hell. 
In the theatre, her skin is almost always flushed from the warmth of the air, and when something jumps on the screen, so does her heart. 
In the gym, she races me, all while knowing I’ll win every time. But her consistent laugh lights up the room. 
Seeing Harlow outside with Belle with her is now one of my favorite things. The damned horse was my best idea ever. 
In the pool, splashing in her small, red bikini. Red. It’s as if she’s doing it on purpose.
We’re stuck in a maze, going around and around one another, never quite finding each other, but I’m pleased to be with her in the maze at all. Taking Mary’s advice is a slow game, but it’s working. Harlow hasn’t reverted back to hating me—I think—and now I need to be patient and let her set the pace of this race. 
When she asked me about Cora, she split my logic in two and I nearly admitted everything to her. She took the concept of Cora well, and everything I said to her was the truth, but the omittance of the murderous endings nearly each one of her family members had at my hand will remain hidden. It wasn’t a hard decision to make. I would rather lie to her than cause unnecessary pain about a plan that is now buried deep and at no time will be dug up.
I haven’t heard from Marco again, not since his threat to show up. By now, he’s had to have noticed the money stopped coming, but he’s yet to show up or contact me. I haven’t reached out, but I know ignoring the inevitable is bound to not bode well soon.
Harlow pushes herself onto the pool’s edge, coming up to sit beside me. Water streams down her body, dripping onto the tiled floor beneath us. 
“I’m still so happy with the progress I’ve made.” Her words, though unexpected, are filled with joy. Ever since she showed me she can regularly call upon her magic now, she works on other elemental magic. Witches may have an affinity for one type of magic, but they eventually learn them all and she’s a natural. 
“Indeed, it is amazing,” I tell her, smiling. 
After a beat, she asks, “How did you turn into a vampire?” 
It’s a question I’m almost surprised she’s never asked before. 
“I have a dreadfully, boring transition tale,” I start. “I was leaving a library one night after some research—I was a student at Yale, you see. The vampire came out of nowhere. I have no idea who it was, or even if it was a man or a woman. They completed the transition and left me to figure out how to survive my new immortal life. Whoever it was didn’t go back for me, and to this day, I don’t know who it is. I didn’t realize what I had become right away, not until I walked to the main road. I was hungry, but the thought of food disgusted me and then I attacked a female walking home alone. I drained her, left her carcass there, and went on, figuring out the rest alone.” Until finding Cora. 
“Did you hate it? Being a vampire, I mean.” 
“I don’t now, but then…” I scan the long-buried memories. “Truthfully, no, I suppose. The power, strength, speed, and immortality outweighed anything in my human life. Even today, I miss the sun, but sun isn’t worth the trade-off.” 
Her lips press together, feet kicking in the water absently. “Did you have a f-family?” 
I don’t miss the way her words crack, but at least the truth of my path won’t dredge up more depressive feelings about her own family. Not when I had none. “No, I was an orphan. Never knew my family.” 
“At least I knew mine before they died.” 
I want to hold her, to wipe away her somber expression, but instead I slip back into the water and push away. 
***
I’m back in my office with the rising sun. After swimming, Harlow went to bed, wishing me a good night and I had gone back to work behind a stuffy desk and the safety of black-out curtains. A specific and secret project for her consumes my focus and determination and I begin replying to the lawyer I was finally able to track down.
Bang! The door to my office slamming open interrupts the email I’m presently writing and Marco storms through, providing me with the visit he warned me of. Basset follows him in, his pale face an expression of stress, but I wave him away before he can say anything. 
Marco stomps forward, throwing his fists into my desk. The wood cries under the impact. “What is happening, Alec? Why is there is no more money coming in?”
As expected. I keep my face neutral, hoping he won’t be able read anything and bite out, “We’re done.” 
“Done?” His head jerks back like I hit him. “What do you mean ‘done’?” 
“We’re through. She’s no longer for sale.”
A growl rips up his throat and he dashes toward me, grasping me by the collar. My back slams against the wall, and I growl, but opt to not fight back. I knew this would have to happen eventually. You don’t kidnap an angel and walk away free.
“You’re not done until I say you are. I gave up her location and all I get is a few measly weeks of payment.” He lifts me away from the wall only to shove me back into it again. The wood cracks from the force. “That was not the deal, and you know it. I gave her to you on the promise I would get some of her back. Or have you done it already? Is she even still alive?”
Now tired of him, I throw my arms out, shoving him off me. He stumbles back and drops me with a snarl. “She’s alive, but no longer for sale. We’re done here” 
His dark eyes blaze. “Why? Have you forgotten about Cora? I seem to recall only a few short months ago, you asked me a similar thing.” 
I bite my lip, my fang pressing in and drawing blood while I prepare for the final nail in my broken vow.
When I don’t speak, he goes on, “You’re keeping her for yourself, aren’t you?”
“Yes,” I respond truthfully. My body shifts, crouching and preparing for the attack I’m sure will follow. 
His gaze shifts, his nostrils flaring, and then a dawning expression takes over. “You didn’t dare fall for a Sinclair of all women?”
“No.” The lie stings my tongue, but I can only hope he doesn’t see through it.
He scans my face, seeking the truth—truth I refuse my expression to show. After a second, his shoulders drop, untensing, and he laughs. “This is too good.”
Fuck.
“You like the witch. That’s why you want her. She put you under a spell or something?”
Too close to the truth. I try not to think about how Harlow is only a few floors up from us. “Leave. I’ll pay you what you want.” I try to prevent desperation from entering my tone, struggling under the weight of emotions to keep my voice flat
He opens his mouth, but instead closes it, a slick smile spreading across his face. The corners of his lips curl up and my stomach drops. The last time I saw that smile was after I told him about Cora’s death. He’s planning something.
Dread drops onto my shoulders and I shake—shake. A vampire doesn’t shake, but Marco’s deadly anger will be hell on me. He’ll do something…what and when are the key questions.
Wordlessly, he turns and walks away. I trail him to the door, nodding my head at a nearby guard to follow. Once I see both figures gone, I shut the door, sliding to the floor. For the first time in centuries, my body feels weak. Defeated.
Marco isn’t one to let things go. He may not act today, but he will eventually, and I need to remain on my guard. 
Alec, come here.
I shake my head. Now I’m imagining her voice. 
Alec, can you hear me?
Or am I?
Abandoning my desk, and my worry of Marco’s plan, I hurry down to Harlow’s room, to find her sitting up in bed, eyes closed. 
At the sound of the door, she takes me in, grinning. “It worked.” 
“What worked?” 
Her short pajama bottoms ride up as she moves off the bed, showcasing the curve of her ass. I press my tongue into my fang hard enough to keep myself from showing a reaction.
“Mary mentioned the Goddess told her more about us.”
Finally. “Tell me.” 
“Only that the bond will evolve to work with us.”
I frown. That’s even less clear than before. “That makes no sense.”
“I agree.” She shrugs. “I once read in a book about mates and how they can call out to one another. I figured, since we can find one another mentally, this isn’t that different, and I would try it. I’m even surprised it worked.” 
“You tested our bond based on fiction?” My tone hikes in disbelief. 
Harlow’s eyes cut to me. “Witches and vampires are supposed to be fiction, are they not? Yet here we are.”
And that’s not even counting the shifter packs still around. 
“You read my thoughts?” Fuck, I will need to begin censoring my them then.
“It’s not so much reading thoughts, as it’s putting them in each other’s mind. Projection. You try. Tell me the first thing you thought of when you captured me.” 
You’re beautiful. 
“I like that.”
My mouth falls slack. “You heard me? I wonder what else we can do?”
She shrugs again. “Mary said the more time we spend together, the more it will manifest into something greater. She won’t tell me what though.” 
Reflecting on all the elements of the bond mutes her words, my mind too far gone. When it was forged, I hadn’t felt different, but then Mary did claim it doesn’t equate to love. But now it’s expanding—growing, wrapping itself around both her and me and tying us together. Forging us deeper into one another.
Again, lost in contemplation, I don’t notice Harlow stand until she steps close to me, her head hovering inches above mine. Her red hair is a curtain, shutting us both off from the outside world. If I move an inch, I’d be able to hold her.
“Harlow,” I murmur. “What are you doing?”
“Fixing this.” Her eyes bore into mine, green coupling with black. “You captured me, you lied about the bond, you got rid of it without saying anything to me…Then you became my friend. You cared about me and continued to lie. That’s what hurt most. I’m not sure if I can forgive you for stealing me from my life. Or, maybe I already have. Lying to me after the fact is what hurt me most and I’m not sure I can excuse that.”
Despite her harsh words, her eyes remain soft, and I listen, waiting to see where she takes us.
“But I can move on from it. I was mad at you, but these past few days have shown me I’m angrier at myself for staying away.” Her voice lowers, becoming throaty. “I do love you, Alec. I’m not sure when it happened or why, but it did. Bond or not, I’m yours, if you want me.”
Her words progress through me, hitting each nerve they pass, claiming them as hers. They wrap around my dead heart and inject themselves into every ounce of my blood.
Unable to hold back from temptation any longer, I take. My hands grasp her hips, tugging her until there’s not a sliver of space between her and me. Our mouths fuse and I lick the seam of her mouth. She parts her lips for me, her own tongue stroking one of my fangs. She may as well be sucking my cock the way my body reacts. 
I toss her onto the bed, standing back to enjoy the view. Her breasts peek out from her tank top and my mouth waters, imagining everything. Her body moving under mine, her pussy in my mouth, my hands roaming any part of her I can reach. I want it all. 
Her. 
Unable to stand it any longer, I climb over her, arms braced by her head.
Her eyes flash with lust and she arches her back. “Bite me.” 
I don’t, and instead I suck a patch of skin on neck in my mouth, careful of my fangs that tempt to break her skin. 
“Not yet,” I murmur, pulling away, against my better judgement.
She frowns, her hand lifting to my mouth. She plays a dangerous game as her finger slips inside. I part my lips, allowing her access to my extending fangs. Her finger touches the side of one and my cock jerks in response. 
Harlow bites her lip and the scent of her gushing pussy encompasses the air. My fangs turn her on.
I pull away after a second. “They’re sharp.” If she breaks the skin of her finger, I won’t be able to hold back. Not when every instinct within me is driving me to give her what she wants. 
Bite.
Feed. 
Take. 
Claim. 
For now, I’ll only allow myself to claim her body, to feed from her body’s essences. To take everything she’ll give me.  
Her succulent mouth falls into a frown, but I caress it away with my own. After a second, she kisses me back and her hands drag up my side, pulling my shirt up as she goes. I tug my mouth away in order to rid myself of it and her hands immediately go to my abs, her green desire-filled eyes scanning me. 
“Like what you see?” 
Her blush is fucking adorable and I vow to make her blush all over—a vow I fully intend on keeping. 
My finger hooks in the waistband of her bottoms, my other hand already pushing her tank up her stomach. For every inch of her skin I uncover, I promise to make it a year I spend worshipping her. When she’s completely bare, it’ll be forever I will spend revering her. 
Her breasts fall free, not hindered by any bra, and I eagerly continue pulling the tank from her. Nothing will be in my way. I toss it over my head, and before it has the opportunity to land on the floor, my lips wrap around her nipple. I suck, alternating my attention between both, tugging them with my teeth. Harlow cries out, the distinct scent of honey and vanilla coming from her. 
Her hips roll into me with a demand, and I release her nipples to respond, taking in her red hair tumbling over her shoulder. She watches me intently, her breathing and pounding heart both music to my ears—serene and pleasurable.
“Tell me what you want,” I order. 
Instead, she bites her lip, shaking her head. She’s shy and it’s adorable. 
“Tell me. Or,” my hand puts pressure down on the spot of her bottoms that I know she’ll react to, “I stop.” 
“Touch me,” she whispers finally.  
My fingers press harder down on her clit, covered by her pajamas. 
“More,” she breathes, her eyes already rolling back. 
“More what? You told me to touch—I’m touching.” 
“Touch me. No clothing.”  
“Ah, you didn’t emphasize that.” For good measure, I flick her centre, knowing I succeeded in hitting the correct area when she cries out louder. “What else do you want?” I ask, dragging her bottoms down her legs My fingers catch the silk of her panties, taking them as well. 
“You. All of you.” She takes a deep, ragged breath and adds, “Your fingers. Your mouth. All of you.”
Finally. Her command sets forth the beast who is dying to break free of the restraints I’ve strapped on him and my fingers immediately reach for her. She whimpers, her hips bucking into my hand. 
“Be patient,” I demand, both to her and myself. If I do too much too fast, I could hurt her. Being with humans isn’t something I generally prefer since they’re so breakable. 
Her scent intensifies and I hold back from groaning. My fingers drag through her wet slit, slowly, enjoying the way her body reacts. With every stroke, her hips buck, eager for the orgasm I plan on delivering soon. 
“Do you remember what I said a woman turned on smells like?” 
“Yours.” She sighs. 
“Let’s find out what my woman turned on tastes like.” 
Her eyes flash, veiled with pleasure and excitement as I bend, giving her a single long lick. She moans, low and drawn-out, and with her unspoken encouragement, my tongue flicks, drinking her in. My free hand darts up to play with her breasts, revelling in the sound of her beating heart. 
“I—I’m close,” she gasps. 
I wrap my hands around her twitching thighs, holding her still against the frenzied movements of my tongue. Between my licking and sucking, her moaning builds, her body trembling for what’s to come. Her hands clench the strands of my hair, pressing me down into her—as if I needed encouragement. I won’t be abandoning my post for all the blood in the world. I’d starve before I finished tasting her orgasm.
She lets go then with a long cry, her release pouring into me and I drink every sweet drop of her before I let her go. Her breasts rise and fall with each deep breath she forces through her lungs, her nipples straining. Her mussed hair drapes over the pillow. She’s never been more gorgeous than she is right now. 
“Do I…taste…like yours too?” she asks between pants, throwing my own words back at me. 
“Damn right.” She would have been mine sooner had I not been so stupid. 
Harlow sits up after another minute and clutches the back of my neck. She pulls me toward her, grasping my cock. It twitches in her small palm. 
“Fuck, Harlow, you keep doing that and I won’t last.” 
Her devious smile nearly undoes me right then. “Maybe I don’t want you to.” 
Her strokes increase in speed. She feels so fucking good and my arms shake, fighting to remain steady when all I want to do is fall into this feeling with her, but I refuse to come like this. I need to be inside of her. 
With the use of my speed, I grasp her shoulders and flip us over so I’m beneath her. Her hand remains poised on me, unmoving, as she settles into the new angle. 
“Ride me.” 
Her eyes sparkle in excitement and the sexiest grin stretches across her face. She lifts herself up and sinks down onto me, hissing with the welcome intrusion. I groan, feeling her taking me inch by inch until I’m seated fully inside her. Immediately, she moves, her hips rocking back and forth and my hands rest on her hips. The need to dominate is overwhelming, but I fight it, letting her control where we go. 
“You feel so good. You’re so fucking wet, and it’s all for me. All mine.” 
She cries out, her muscles clenching around me. My little witch likes dirty talk too. Good to know. 
She’s an angel wrapped up in the most perfect body and I’m nothing but the devil hired to serve her. 
And serve her I do. 
I flip us back over so I’m positioned over her once more and sink in deeper. Her on top is a sight like no other, but I want to finish this. Her legs hike up around my waist, crossing at the ankles as I pound into her, driven by need and the desire to make her scream with pleasure again. I hook my hand around one of her knees and lift her leg higher, angling her in a way that has her coming again within a moment. This time, I let go too.
When we’re done, I remain poised above her. She’s a sweaty, sticky mess and it’s my new favorite look on her. 
“You didn’t bite me,” Harlow states in an accusing tone, her eyes narrowing.
“We don’t have to do everything in one night. We have a long time.”
“Absolutely.”
Hair falls across her damp forehead, so I push the strands away to get a clear view of her. “For the record, I love you too. I fell for you after the bond was broken.”
“It’s true the bond had nothing to do with it?”
“Does it feel true to you? The bond pushed us together, but the feelings part…the feelings are all us.” 
A sensual smile breaks across her mouth. “Good. Because I’m not done with you yet.”
I graze her bared neck, my fangs caressing against her neck. They throb, wanting to come out to play, but I force myself to pull away, and when I do, she’s frowning. 
“You want it that bad?” 
She cups my face, her gaze falling on my mouth. “It feels good, and I know what to expect.” 
Denying her something I also have wanted to try would be stupid, so I tell her, “Soon. For now, you’re sweaty and we should shower.” At her unexpected yawn, I add, “And sleep.” 
“You haven’t told me how that works. You sleeping.”
“We do sleep, but not every night like humans. Our bodies allow us to go much longer without needing rest. It varies in length of time, based on how long it’s been since the last time and what I have done during that time. I slept the other day, so I won’t be sleeping tonight.” 
Her eyes flick to the door and back. “Are you heading to work then?”
Are you leaving me? is the question she actually asks. “No. I’ll stay here.”
Her nose scrunches. “And what—watch me sleep? That’s weird.”  
My finger grazes a path down her face, loving the mark of goosebumps I leave behind. She feels different to me now, somehow. Mine. Like I satisfied some craving deep down inside of me.  
“I won’t watch you sleep,” I reassure her. “I’ll be watching over you.” 
Now more than ever.
That’s the same thing, her voice echoes in my head.
I shrug, grasping her hand and tugging her from bed. “You don’t worry about it. Now,” I send a slap to her ass, “get in the shower.” 
Her lips curl into a seductive smirk before walking away. Her heart-shaped ass, one cheek pink from where I hit her, has my cock hardening again. He wants to play, and so do I. 
I dart, grasping her hips and lifting her into my arms. I get us to the shower in no time, turning the hot water on. It pounds against my back as I position Harlow against the wall. She hisses, the chilly tiles pressing into her front. 
I stroke my cock and gawk at my pink claiming mark on her ass, the curve of her flawless back, the red strands sticking to the damp parts of her skin, and her eyes glistening with desire and playfulness as she peeks over her shoulder.
“Already?”
“Perks of being with a vampire. Arms up.”
She obeys me instantly, bringing her arms up and poised on the tile above her. 
“I could watch you all day.” 
“If you only look, then I’ll have to be the one to touch myself.” She glances back, her lip folding playfully under her teeth. 
Her words entice a groan and I imagine her fingers sinking into her own heat. One hand pumping inside of her while the other plays with her nipples. One day, I will make that fantasy a reality, but for now—
I step closer and lift one of her legs up and to the side, opening her for me. “You ready?” I murmur into the curve of her neck. God, I hope she’s ready for more. 
“Yes.” Her voice is strained.
I push into her. She’s dripping and I slide into her easily from behind. I reach one hand up to take her two wrists into it, while my other skirts around the front to play with her clit. It doesn’t take more than a couple of minutes before she’s coming again, her loud moans filling the bathroom. I follow soon after. 
She kisses me deeply, soft and sensual, but still has me wanting her a third time. Before I can suggest it, she pulls away and grabs her shampoo. I lean back against the far wall, arms crossing against my chest, and watch her clean herself. 
Once she’s done with the final rinse-off, she turns off the water, and unexpectedly drops to her knees, taking me into her mouth. I’m partially hard still and her lips wrap tightly around me. 
My fingers weave into her hair, twisting around the strands for a firmer grip, while I fight the urge to take over. She needs to control this—control me—and I won’t take it from her. 
Not once have I’ve been more thankful to be a vampire than I am at this moment. Vampires don’t need time like human men, though I’ve never had the need to test my limits. With Cora, one round was all I wanted. With Harlow, it feels like it won’t ever be enough. 
“Fuck, Harlow,” is all I can say through the white spots taking over my vision. 
She moans, the soft vibrations shooting through my cock while her hands grip the back of my legs, using them as leverage to swallow me deeper until she has me coming. 
“Fuck…yes…fuck. Harlow.” Stars coat my eyes and for the first time in ages, I’m dizzy.
She stands, a drop of cum slipping down the side of her mouth. She’s sexy and raw and mine. 
“I hated the witch who laid the spell.” I pause, searching Harlow’s green eyes for any leftover sign of resentment. “But I’d kill her a thousand times over if it meant I could meet you. I’m sorry for how we met, but I can’t regret it anymore. I’ll spend the rest of eternity making it up to you.” 
I suppose part of me should thank Cora for initiating all of this.
Fate is funny.
If Cora hadn’t killed the witch, I wouldn’t have Harlow.
Fate is more than funny. It’s strange.
Her smile is blinding. “I know. If it’s eternity you want though, I’ll have to talk to Mary and learn how she’s keeping herself young forever.” 
My response is to carry her to the bed.

Chapter 32
Harlow

Alec’s tongue jabs into me and I ride his face, welcoming the high. His finger pumps into me while his tongue flicks my clit.
I begin to come, warmth pooling from me and—
The swipe of his tongue has me jerking awake. So, not a dream. His tongue fucks me for only a moment more before he has me crying out his name. 
“Good morning,” I murmur, coming down from my high.
“Good sleep?” he mumbles against my leg.
“With an even better wake up.” 
His responding laugh is light and happy, matching the obvious contentment in his expression. “Breakfast? We can go down or have them bring it here,” he offers. 
I bite my lip, eyes roving his body. The ripples of his muscles take my entire focus. “Or we could continue what you started?”
“I like your idea more.” His eyes flick from my face down and back up, and he adds, “Or I can have breakfast as well?” As if to reinforce his question, his fangs extend until they peek from between his lips.
Is he saying…? I nod quickly, hoping he recognizes how much I want it. 
Alec climbs back on top of me and my legs fall open for him as he settles in between them. His fangs elongate to their full size and I shiver in anticipation. A vampire’s bite can bring enticing pleasure, but with Alec, I already know it’ll be better. 
His cock, also hard, is thick between our bodies. “We can do breakfast or breakfast with dessert.” 
I laugh at his analogy. “I’ll take dessert with it.”
“Good choice. It intensifies the experience. Ready?”
Actions speak louder than words, and I tilt my head to the side, baring my neck for him. His cool breath blows against my neck and he nibbles the skin there while he lines his cock up to my entrance. His teeth sink into my vein at the same time his cock enters me, and I groan, nearly unable to handle the sensation of both. I meet him stroke for stroke, though remaining still and merely being his prey also sounds tempting—to let him take. With every push inside me and every sip of my blood, my insides tighten, heat consuming me. 
“This feels so good,” I murmur. “I’m almost there.” 
He drinks in another gulp greedily before his fangs pull from my skin. It doesn’t escape my notice he did so gently, and not by ripping them from me as so many of the others had. My neck cries from the absence, growing chilled from the air that reaches the blood staining my neck. 
Alec’s speed picks up, my insides clench, and I cry out, coming. He growls his release into my ear. When we both finish, he pulls out, shifting to the side. His arms instantly gather me up, his hand coming up to lightly touch the two new holes in the side of my neck. 
“Did I hurt you?” His eyes are stricken with panic. 
I laugh at his ridiculousness. “Far from it.” His bite is a drug. I’m lulled by the feeling, subdued but already craving more. “How do I taste?”
His white eyes flare, the blacks of them slowly coming back. “I see why you were so popular.”
“You’re still a vampire, so that’s good at least.” 
“Yes, good thing. Tonight, I want you in my room. Now,” he pulls on his discarded jeans, “you need breakfast too. I’ll get on that while you wash up.” 
While spending the day in his bed is a nice thought, thinking that I’ll still have my own lessens it. “Can we make your bed my bed too?” 
Alec grins, his fangs popping out again and I flush, recalling the feeling of them in me only moments ago. I want it again. All over my body. I want Alec’s fangs in my wrists, my thighs, my chest…everywhere. 
 “Fuck yes. I love you,” he says simply and brushes his lips to my forehead. He takes a sharp inhale of my skin and then he’s gone. 
In the bathroom, I use a warm cloth to wipe my entire body, spending extra time on the blood at my neck. After breakfast, I’ll shower, but this will do for now.
The door to the bedroom opens and shuts and I call out, “That was quick, even for you.” 
Alec says nothing. An eerie silence falls on the room and my senses prickle. 
“Alec?” When there’s still no response, I lay the cloth down on the counter and quietly walk back to my room. At first glance, nothing is here, but my knowledge of vampires tells me the sound of the door closing was not my imagination. 
I breathe through the prickling fear beginning to grow. It starts at my fingertips, expanding up my arm and leaves behind an uncomfortable tingle. The door is clear across the room, only adding to the unease battering my mind. Whoever is in here likely isn’t a friend. I’m probably not going to make it to the door on time, but still—
Arms and legs pumping, I bolt, making it to the door, a small sense of victory mounting. I’ve made it this far. I grasp the handle—
A large arm appears over my shoulder and pushes the door shut. Another hand clasps my upper arm and swings me around and away from the door. A hulking man I don’t recognize stands in front of me. His one arm is still braced against the door and his black eyes bore down on me. 
My magic stirs inside of me and I arm it, ready to call upon it at any second. I have no idea how to do defensive magic, but I suspect I’m about to teach myself any moment now.  
He lets out one sharp laugh, his eyes skimming my bare skin. Forgetting my lack of clothing, I now cover myself with one arm and cross my legs, hoping to rid myself of his oily gaze. “He took no time at all with you, did he?” 
His voice is oddly familiar, like I’ve heard it once in the past. At closer inspection, I recognize the beard, the creepy gaze, and the voice. He’s the vampire who approached me at Alec’s event, yet I don’t recall his name.
“He’s probably been sampling you since the beginning and decided to finally keep you for himself. What a traitor. To me and to her.” His hand darts out but before I can move and his fingers wrap around my throat. I gasp as the air is stolen from me, my hands jerking up to push his away.
I focus on each lesson I’ve had with Mary thus far. My hands warm above his arm and with a deep breath, a wave of magic slams out of me, forcing him back across the room. It secures him with invisible binds to the wall. It’ll do until Alec returns.
“You have magic,” he whispers, his voice dripping of shock. His eyes grow wide and he scans me, his gaze landing on my glowing hands. “Impossible.” 
“What do you want?” I bite out through gritted teeth.
“Guess he didn’t tell you everything.”
Alec should be back by now. I keep my magic braced, holding him in place until he does. 
“I’m the one who told him where to find you,” the vampire continues.
Alec mentioned making a deal to get my location, so I feel little surprise at this news. I keep my face passive, knowing what he’s trying to do. Whatever lies he’s spewing, I don’t want to know. I wave my hand in the air, hoping for a silencing spell—a spell I definitely don’t know how to do, and the lack of magic happening is further proof of this.
“But he stopped selling the merchandise, and when I confronted him about it, he said the deal is off. I had to see for myself why that is.” He scans the room, his eyes resting on the unkept bed. “Now I see why. He has a fondness for you.” He slowly drags his gaze back to me. “Unfortunately for you, he still needs to pay for his last girlfriend.”
My mouth opens but the sudden, sharp pierce in my neck cuts off my words. My hand drops and he falls to the ground, free from the hold of my magic. Light spots decorate my vision and the shape of him blurs. 
“W-what…?” I stumble to the side, reaching out for anything to grasp onto. I meet the ground with a thump and roll onto my back. A second blur is joined by the first one. 
Then everything goes black.

Chapter 33
Alec
I saunter back to Harlow, holding a tray of fresh breakfast items. Thankfully, the kitchen knew her favourites and I’ve got to committing her preferences to memory. My preference is in her blood. Cure or no cure, it sings for me. The taste of her sweetness is similar to a dying man’s final meal: unparalleled and succulent. 
I’m walking a human’s pace back through the silent, empty halls—halls, I realize, that were occupied by a few of my men recently. While it’s likely Basset called them all away, I can’t ignore the heavy pit in my stomach demanding to be soothed. The silence is unnerving and I quicken my steps to her, speeding up to my natural pace. The tray remains firm in my grip.
Finally, I make it to Harlow’s door—her open door.
Fuck. The tray drops from my steady hands and I fly in, hoping this is all in my head and that Harlow will be sprawled across the bed. The room is untouched, save for the note on her pillow. 
For the first time in centuries, a chill of true fear runs down my spine. 
Airstrip. –M.
Fucking Marco. I should have known he would pull something like this. The note falls from my hand as I sprint out of the room and down the halls. More than probable, he’s to blame for my empty household. 
But I can’t worry about them. I push through the trees, moving faster than I ever have before. Harlow could be hurt. Beaten. Raped. Killed. The endless possibilities race through my mind and a real sense of fright thrusts my body faster through the woods. 
If she’s hurt, he will die.
If she’s hurt, it’s my fault. For dragging her into this mess. For not telling her the truth. For not facing Marco sooner and dealing with the fallout then. 
I slow to a stop at the forest’s edge to scan the open area of the airstrip. Empty. It better not be a trick. The plane seems untouched, but still, I take a single step into the area. 
Harlow? I push into her mind. 
No response. 
The chill in me freezes turns to ice. Mentally, I reach for her, using the same technique as the one I used to find her in the cemetery, but there’s nothing but black. 
Harlow? Still nothing. 
Then, a lone figure slips out from behind the plane and begins to trudge toward me. He walks a human’s pace, prolonging my hell with every step he takes, so I stride forward, legs eating up the tarmac, meeting him halfway. 
My body says to attack, but I inhale deeply, sucking unnecessary air through my lungs. Harlow needs me to be rational right now.  
“Hello, friend,” Marco greets with a grin. 
I hiss. “Fuck you. Where is she?”
His smile grows. “You seem mad. This emotion you’re feeling right now—worry, helplessness, anger—is a new look on you.” His head tips to the side. “It’s exactly how I felt when you told me about Cora’s death. Not that you seem to care about her anymore.” 
I still, my mind rolling the various words around in my head and choosing the ones that won’t get me killed. “Marco, you know I did this all for her, but I can’t keep up this vendetta if it’ll ruin me. I’m sorry again for what happened to Cora, but Harlow isn’t part of this. Punish me and leave her out of it.” 
My teeth sink down on the inside of my mouth, despising the desperation I couldn’t prevent from slipping out then.
His brows hike. “Oh, but she is. She’s the entire reason I’m here right now. We made a plan and you decided to abandon it, abandon Cora in the process. And now you beg me to kill you. All for her?” His arm shoots out to the side and two other men emerge from behind the plane, dragging a third smaller, naked figure between them. Her red hair drapes over her face, blocking her from my view.
“You bastard.” My feet move forward on their own, but Marco blocks my path, his hands up and prepared to push me back. My jaw ticks. “You better not have hurt her.” 
“She’s merely asleep. What is your fascination with her?” His eyes dart between her and me twice before he says, “She’s nothing more than a paycheck. What happened to our deal? Your promise to my sister?” 
A snarl instead of a response rips up my throat.  
“It was easy enough to get into your home,” he continues. “My men were dispatched to take out yours. Then it was a matter of taking her.” His eyes cut to the side. “You left out a vital piece of information. When and how did she get magic?”
If I tell him the truth, he’ll definitely kill her. 
Alec, her voice interjects in my mind. I’m fine. 
You’re awake.
My magic burned through whatever he injected me with fairly quickly. I’m pretending.
Continue to do so. I’ll kill him and we’re out of here.
Marco’s eyes scorch into me while I carry on the secret conversation with Harlow. “You care for her, clearly, but this isn’t how it was supposed to go. While exterminating you is tempting,” he twists, facing her, “I feel it’s more appropriate to kill her. How will that feel, Alec? Would you like to lose both of your women?” 
“I’ll kill you.” I shift into a fighting crouch, ready to leap at his partially-turned back, when a spark of red explodes behind us.
Harlow’s hands are glowing bright and both guards jerk away, screaming. In a flash, she has them thrown across the tarmac, their bodies thumping to the pavement with a force that would crack most a human’s bones. One struggles to sit up, but her magic holds him down. 
Taking advantage of the distraction, I lunge at Marco. He moves in a flash, twisting away, but I spin on the spot, slamming into him. Our bodies crash together and he is thrown into the air, landing a dozen feet away. 
“Not once have you beaten me before,” he calls out. “Why bother now?” 
“Because he didn’t have me before.” Harlow cuts in from the side, swatting the air in front of him, her magic tossing him around like a ragdoll. He lands on his back with a thud.
I quickly glance at my naked and powerful mate, doing a quick scan of her body for injuries. When I’m satisfied there are no injuries, I focus my attention back on Marco, leaping on him while he’s still down. My hands fold around his neck and squeeze. Strangling won’t kill a creature that doesn’t require breath, but it’ll hold him for the moment.
“All for a Sinclair whore?” 
I tighten my grip, bending closer to his ear. “All for my mate.” 
Confusion clouds his eyes but it’s soon replaced by disdain. “Still a whore. I hope this has taught you one lesson, friend.” 
He’s baiting me, but I grit out, “What’s that?” 
Something jabs into my stomach and a scorching sensation overwhelms me. I gasp at the sudden intrusion, feeling true physical pain for the first time in centuries. My hands fly away from his neck, clutching at my stomach, finding the large stake protruding from me.
“When you have your hands around someone’s throat, take the opportunity and kill them.”
Marco shoves his hands between us to push me off him. I roll onto my back, trying to pull the stake from me, but my hands refuse to lift from the ground. Weakness overtakes my body, and I can’t do anything but lie slumped on the ground. 
Harlow’s tear-filled face cuts into my vision. “No, no, no, no, NO, Alec, you are not dying today.” Her small hands press into my stomach.
I open my mouth to talk but a pool of blood emerges instead. 
“Shh,” she murmurs. Tears continue to fall from her eyes. One drips from her chin, splashing on my arm, sealing me with the knowledge that I’ll die with a piece of her still on me. “Don’t talk.” 
It doesn’t take long for a stake to kill a vampire, and by my calculation I only have a moment or two left. It’s a short amount of time to say what I need to. I open my mouth, letting the blood clear from my mouth before I talk.
“I’m…sorry,” I force out. “Sorry. I…” Using the last ounce of strength I can muster up, I reach my hand toward her. Before I can make contact with her face, she grasps it to her chest. “…Killed you.” 
After I die, he’s surely going to take her or kill her. The second I took her from her bedroom, I deemed this to be her ending. 
Her head shakes back and forth with abandon. “No, you didn’t.” 
She doesn’t realize what is about to happen to her, but I can’t find the strength to tell her. My eyes fall closed, shutting off my view of Harlow for the last time. “I…love…you…”
“One day…a witch will be…your…un…undoing.”
Darkness consumes me.

Chapter 34
Harlow

Alec’s eyes slide shut. “I…love…you…” His broken and whispered words escape as a gurgle, blood continuing to drip from his mouth. His hand slumps in mine, his head falling to the side. 
He’s gone. 
Alec is gone. 
And with him, a piece of my heart. 
My head implodes with pressure and sobs pour from my mouth. I can’t stop them—nor do I really want to. The feeling of helplessness wraps itself around every nerve, every drop of my blood. I did this. He came to help me and he died, because I didn’t use my magic on Marco. Pain shoots from my heart throughout the rest of my body. 
It’s a similar feeling to when the bond was broken…and yet it’s more. Through the physical pain, my heart cracks. One half crumbles into dust, mixing with the flakes of pain through my body, while the other fights to stay intact, to hold onto any memory of him. 
While I know the bond isn’t gone, it’s incomplete. Made up of two, but now only occupied by one. 
I wipe away a smear of blood from his lips and lean down to brush mine against his. My tears pour down, mingling with the blood staining his skin. 
“That was fascinating to watch.” His voice cuts through my grief in the same way his stake destroyed my future. With my bare arm, I wipe away as many tears as I can, sucking in deep gulps of breath. Alec is gone, but I still need to make it through this alive. For us. 
I stand, finding Marco a few feet away, arms crossed, his men once again by his side. The same men that were released from my spell when Alec became my focus.
His sneer blends with a winning smirk. He did this. He took Alec from me. He destroyed my mate.
I flex my fingers, calling upon all my power. This time, emotion plays a strong part and I let my anger mix with my heartbreak, pulling out more ounces of magic than ever before. Heat travels through my feet, legs, and stomach. It momentarily covers any sense of ache and torment from moments ago, while using those feelings to fuel it. My magic responds, ready to pay retribution for its loss. 
The three men watch me, a cockiness to their expressions, while they have no idea of the storm brewing inside me. With a wave of my hand, I pull the stake from Alec’s stomach and fly it into one of Marco’s men. He drops, and with a similar wave, I do the same to the other, before anyone has a chance to react. His men are down, gasping until their breath runs out, and it’s only him left. I stalk forward, my magic sizzling underneath my skin, eyes pinning him to the spot.
He glances to his left, and then his right, and then back to me. “You’re a powerful one. I can make you a deal.” His voice is a pitch higher, worry evident in his tone. 
Because I’m winning now.
“You think I want to make a deal with you?” I snarl coldly, not recognizing my own tone.
His hands unfold in a way meant to be inviting and nonthreatening. “You’re clearly powerful, but you’re also new. The last of the Sinclair coven and the host of the cure. Come with me and I will protect you. I will have you trained, and we will be an unstoppable force together.” His brow hikes in fake concern.
“Nice try.” My power rumbles beneath my skin, aching to escape and be used. I allow it, fueling it with more memories, good and bad. 
My father pushing me on a swing. Walking me to school. 
Grandma holding me. Handing me baked goods. 
Alec embracing me. Running with me. Kissing me. Laughing. Swimming. 
Belle’s happy whinny. 
My house. Coming home every day after school, feeling the love in every fibre of it. 
Every bite. Every vampire. 
Taken from my room. The plane. The cell. 
The hate I felt for Alec. 
The love I feel for Alec.
“I…love…you…”
Fire magic. The bit of air magic I learned. 
It bubbles, ready to burst. 
Marco tips his head to the side, waiting for more. From the outside, I’m a lost girl, but inside I’m steeping with every emotion, every memory I’ve ever had. With a deep breath, I cast my magic from me. Every ounce gathered, every spark I can pull from. I imagine Marco withered with age, frail and dying. Alec said there are specific ways to kill a vampire, but I have the cure in me. 
I am the cure.
The face of every vampire turned. 
Every vampire I’ve ever seen. 
Elizabeth Sinclair in the dream-memory. Her spell. 
My family blood.
Alec. 
My blood tingles. The cure sings.
It mixes, blends, and mobilizes with my magic. Together, they burst from me, colliding with Marco and throwing him to the ground.
He cries out, “W-what is happening to me?” 
I drop my hands, letting the spell continue to do the work and walk slowly toward him. “I mixed the cure into my magic. You’re turning human. But,” I bend down beside him to whisper in his ear, “I aged you. In approximately a minute, you will be a pile of dust.”
I stand, backing away to watch his skin age and wrinkle. His hands lift up to his face, now frail, pale and bony. He cries out in time to watch it break from the wrist and dissipate into the air in a stream of dust. He lifts his other hand and it does the same. In only a minute, the rest of his body sags into a pile of dust that is picked up by the wind and blown over the nearby sea. 
I have no idea how I did that, but it worked and he’s gone. The stream of magic sucks back into me, like an elastic, and I gasp at the intrusion of power. 
I twist around, throwing myself beside Alec, picking up his dead hand. Tears well up again, my heart and mind already moving on from what just occurred.
“Mary!” I yell to the sky. If there’s ever a time for her to be around, it’s now. Forcing magic from myself is one thing, but concocting an actual spell to complete a task is not something I’d ever done.
Mary instantly pops in, her smoke quickly dissipating. “Harlow? What—?” She stops talking as she takes in the scene in front of her, dropping to Alec’s other side. Her gaze falls on the dried blood crusting his stomach wound. 
“Oh, Harlow, what happened?” Her eyes skim the airstrip, spotting the two men. 
“It doesn’t matter!” I screech, the tears pouring down my face. “Fix this. I don’t know the spell.” She must. 
Mary says nothing for a moment and heavy silence falls between us. Eventually, she takes my hand. “There is no spell to bring back the dead. It’s against the laws of nature, and we’re too connected with nature to play around with those laws.”
She’s not going to help me. She’s not going to help me. My breaths come out in short pants. She’s not going to help me.
With my free hand, I stroke the hair away from his pale face. “You work with the Goddess. You have to know a way.” 
Her hand applies a small pressure to mine. “I’m sorry, Harlow.” Her soft, sorrowful tone implies acceptance. 
I can’t help him. The knowledge tears into me, slicing me apart until I’m nothing but a shell. I don’t know the spell, and the bond is crying out for me to help him, but the only thing I can do is rest my head on his shoulder. I love you.
Silence falls between us for a long while and I don’t sit up until I feel the touch of a light hand on my shoulder. I do nothing, assuming it’s Mary, but then my hand is squeezed again by her. I jerk up, taking in the new glow around us. 
Mary is focused on something behind me. I too glance behind me, spotting the outline of a glowing figure beside me. 
Harlow. Mary, the Goddess greets us mentally. 
“Help,” I whisper. “Help me help him.” 
I cannot. I can only control what I created.
“But you created nature.” 
I created nature, but I did not create him. He is not a part of nature.
Her words bring me to a time weeks ago, when I was reading the vampires’ history book. The Sinclair coven created vampires to protect the world.
“My family created Alec.” So that means…
Yes, they did.
“They also created the cure.” Because they knew the ingredients. Ingredients I don’t know, but my magic sure does.
I gasp, ripping my hand away from Mary, renewed with an idea.
“What are you doing, Harlow?” Mary’s voice spikes with a tinge of concern.
“I can fix this.” I think.
Flexing my fingers again, I position them over Alec’s chest. Ancestors, if there’s any time to be in my head, it’s now. 
After a long minute, I feel nothing, sense nothing, see nothing. Nothing but darkness. I focus on Elizabeth Sinclair and her creation of the cure. 
I am the cure. 
Its ingredients course through me. I play the dream-memory over and over in my mind, watching Elizabeth die, our coven casting the cure. Each time, my own blood jerks in my veins, rising to the top again, ready to help its mate. The ingredients are recalled through my magic—the same ingredients that first created vampires.
I am the cure. 
My body—my magic—knows the cure. Knows how to create vampires.
There you go, the Goddess confirms in my head. 
I keep going, picturing the images of Elizabeth and her sister creating the cure. I picture every vampire I turned human. I picture—
A cool hand lands on mine and my magic snaps back into place, the spell interrupted. My eyes shoot open and find Alec’s dark eyes staring back at me.
“Hi,” he says simply.
“I did it,” I murmur, dropping my hands. Exhaustion and wonder tears at my bones, but it’s nothing compared to the delight I feel at winning this.
His wide, confused smile is a welcome sight as he lifts himself into a sitting position, yanking me into his arms. Arms, for a moment, I believed I wouldn’t feel again. 
“How?”
“The Goddess helped me realize the power I have.” I glance around but we’re now alone. His brow dips and I add, “I’ll explain later.”
He stands up, his legs surprisingly steady for someone who was dead moments ago and takes in the area around us. His gaze falls on the two dead vampires. “Where’s Marco?” 
“Dead.” 
He glances appreciatively over at me, eyes going wide. “You did all this?” 
I nod. “Apparently, my magic knows more than I do. The cure mixed with my magic, turned him human, aged him until he was nothing more than dust.” I gesture above us. “He’s out there, floating around as ash.” 
His arms loop around me, lifting me up and swinging me around. “You’re amazing. You realize I came here to save you, but you saved both of us. You brought me back to life.”
I shrug, smirking, as if it’s nothing. “Don’t underestimate me.” 
He tightens his arms around my waist. “I never have.” 
I glance down at my naked, blood-splattered body and take in the shirt he has on, blood-crusted stake hole and all. “I think we should go home now.”
“Your wish is my command.” Without letting me go, I’m swung around on his back. “I think I can get us back quickly, but I will need a snack when we get back. Dying does a number on one’s system.” 
He certainly won’t feel it again, not with me here. “Your wish is my command.”
Then he takes off into the trees. 
***
I offered my blood once we got back, but he insisted on something from his storage. Something about not wanting to exhaust me more than I am. Then he called Victoria over here right away to look over me. 
He’s the one who died, yet I’m the one being checked over. 
When she gives the all-clear, I head into the hall and find him talking to his short assistant. At my approach, the conversation ends, and Basset walks away. 
“I’m all good,” I report. “Have you fed?” 
“I have.”
“Good.” I grasp his hand and begin tugging him to the staircase. “Because now I need you.”
The ground under my feet is suddenly gone as he carries me through the house and up to his bedroom. The door is barely closed behind us when my shirt is yanked from my body and his pants removed, tossed onto the floor. I’m thrown eagerly against the wall beside the door.
His hands stroke me. “Soaked already.” 
“Always,” I gasp, feeling his finger enter my depths. He pumps slowly, enticing the building pressure in me. “Alec,” I pant.
He removes his finger and replaces it with his thick cock. I moan at the deep intrusion and it doesn’t take long before I’m yelling out my orgasm.  
His mouth fits itself in the bare space between my head and shoulders and I feel his fangs stroke the area. “Go ahead,” I tell him. 
Instead, he only licks the area once before pulling back. His heated white gaze has never seemed sexier. “I have a better idea.” He rushes us to the bed and tosses me in the middle, instantly climbing over me, placing himself between my legs. 
“Alec?” 
His shoulders fit between my legs and his tongue darts out to give a single lick to my clit, pulling a happy moan from me. He licks once, twice, before shifting his focus to my inner thigh. His tongue grazes there, slower and more tentative, as if posing a question. 
“Do it.”
At my command, his fangs sink in, his mouth pulsing and tugging blood from me. His free hand plays with my clit. With his finger alternating between stroking and pumping, I come again. At the crest, his fangs rip from my skin and he shifts his head to drink my juices. 
Once the tingles slow, I move into a sitting position, pulling him up with me. His bloodstained mouth is crooked into a pleased expression and his eyes are grey, partway back to his normal black. 
“I love you,” I tell him simply. 
“I’m never letting you go.” 
Only this time he doesn’t say it as a threat. 

Chapter 35
Alec

Harlow and I are out feeding Belle when Mary pops in beside us. 
“I’m going to put a bell on you soon.” I throw a straw of hay at her, but it misses and drops to the ground. 
She sticks her tongue out. “I’m not even here for you.” She turns her focus on Harlow. “You are something, you know.” 
Her smile is as lovely as the moon above us. “I have the best teacher.” 
Mary laughs and waves her hand. “Oh, no, none of that was me. I taught you how to control your powers, but not use them. All of that was you. You even impressed the Goddess.” 
I can feel Harlow’s love-filled gaze settle on me. “She impressed me. I wouldn’t have been able to save him if she didn’t give me the hint I needed. I think I’ll still need more practice with everything else however.” 
“As if,” she scoffs. “But there’s something specific I want to show you. I’m older than a millennium,” she gestures to herself, “and this is a spell I think you’ll want to know.” 
She won’t outlive me. Prior to this moment, it wasn’t something I considered as a worry, but the gift Mary is presenting is not light.
“Interestingly,” Mary goes on, “your bond ensures he won’t die from your blood, but it doesn’t link you to his immortality. According to the Goddess, anyway. There’s no spell that will prevent you from dying, but there is one to stop your aging until you wish to un-pause yourself.”
Harlow launches herself from me to Mary, wrapping her arms around the witch’s neck. “I can’t ever repay you for everything.” 
Mary gives a small hug back and pushes Harlow off her. “No worries. Just do the Goddess proud.” She holds up her hand to pop herself away.
“Wait,” I call out, before she has the chance to leave. “This bond—you said there is a reason for it. Something about bringing the two species together. What does that mean?” 
“I’m not sure,” she says quickly. 
Too quickly. My eyes narrow. “You’re lying, Mary.” 
A sly smile is my response. So much for her never lying. “Live life normally, together. One day, you’ll know what I mean.” 
“Is it sometime soon?” Harlow asks. “If we can be together forever, there’s no limit on when this prophecy can occur.” 
Mary’s smile grows. “Now you’re thinking. It’s nothing bad, and I can’t wait to see it.” 
“Did you know everything that happened would happen?” 
Her smile remains plastered. “I knew the main parts. I saw it eons ago in visions provided by the Goddess. That’s all I’m saying on this.” Before I can stop her again, she’s gone.
Harlow reaches for my hand. “What do you think it means to bring the species together?” 
“I’m not sure. You’re a powerful witch and I have the resources. I wonder if it has to do with the fact your line is our creators,” I muse.
She’s silent, taking in the words, before saying, “Let’s not worry about it. Like Mary said, it could be tomorrow, or it could be a century from now.” She skips back to her waiting horse. “Race?” she asks, knowing I’ll win regardless. 
Before responding, I take off at a run. 
***
Days later, I have us set up on the rooftop again, taking in the moonlight.
“I’ve been thinking of how this all started,” she says.
“Why?” I try to forget it all. 
“Because Marco said some things. You told me he gave you my location for a cut of profits, but he mentioned someone…Cora. Was she the woman from your past?”
The truth hovers on my tongue, waiting to come out, but fear holds it in place. If I tell her everything, she’ll be pissed—and rightfully so. Knowing she was only here so I could one day take her life isn’t something I can see her letting go anytime soon and I can’t bear to lose her again. 
But can I lie to her? 
Sometimes, lying is okay for the cause, and my cause is here. Knowing the truth won’t help either of us in any way, and with Marco dead, the truth can die with him. 
So, I swallow it and say, “Yes.” 
Cora’s beautiful, soft face fills my mind for a second. Every laugh, every kiss, every kill. She was as beautiful as she was dangerous, but what I felt for her is nothing like I feel for Harlow.  
“She was Marco’s younger sister,” I continue. “I ran into Cora one night and she brought me to her brother. We became a clan of three for some time, going from place to place, fighting and surviving. It didn’t take Cora and I long to fall in love. 
“Wars between witches and vampires were common then, and I wanted the lands a coven had.” I hold back telling which coven occupied them. “Cora was loyal to me. She killed a witch when out hunting, so they…” 
Harlow’s other hand covers mine. With her timid smile fueling me, I finish. “They killed her. So, I slaughtered the entire coven. The very coven who laid the mate spell.” 
“And now?” she asks in a small voice. 
“Now what?” 
“Do you regret it?”
I don’t even need to think about my answer. “Not in the slightest. If I hadn’t, I wouldn’t have gotten such a sexy, smart, powerful witch as a mate.” 
It’s true. I don’t regret Cora dying, not when the final payout is so great, but I am saddened. I did care for her, though not remotely in the same way as Harlow, but her death isn’t something I’ll ever forget.
“You still lost her.”
“I realized after meeting you I didn’t love her. I cared for her, but you consume me. While I’m sorry she died for my stupid goals, I can’t regret anything. If she hadn’t died, I wouldn’t have killed that coven, and our spell may never have been cast.” 
“Where did Marco come into all of this?” 
I press my lips, navigating the partial lie I’m weaving. “He was pissed for a long time—blamed me. But he had your location, and we struck a deal. He got a cut of the profits. When the selling stopped, he felt betrayed.” 
It’s enough of the truth to lift the guilt from my shoulders. 
Silence settles over us again, but she breaks it after a moment. “Thank you for telling me, Alec.” Her fingers dance over my knuckles. “And I’m sorry. Even if you’re not, I’m sorry you ever felt any loss at all.”
I give her a small smile, wondering how I could be with someone so compassionate, when she’s experienced more loss than I ever have. Her parents, her grandmother, and even me. I remove one hand and tuck it over top of hers. “And I’m sorry for everyone you lost, Harlow. I can’t put into words how sorry I am for keeping you here while your grandmother died.” 
She says nothing for a long beat and again, I wish I could read her mind, but this is a good segue into what I’ve been trying to show her all day. Wordlessly, I stand, pulling her up with me.
“What—?” 
I scoop her up and run through the castle toward the dining room, cutting off her question. This room has so many bad memories for her, but hopefully now it’ll be one of serenity. I release her. 
“Alec—” She stops and her wide eyes are taking in what I had commissioned for her. 
The strong, determination of her father stands overlooking his family, while her mother’s soft, loving expression is attentive to a grown Harlow who stands beside her grandmother. Her grandmother’s hands are clasped around Harlow’s, whose bright green eyes are focused straight to the onlooker. 
The love and admiration in everyone’s gaze are worth the money this cost. 
“W-wh—how?”
The grown Harlow in the painting is identical to the one standing beside me, something that contradicts the entire portrait, as the four family members have at no time been in the same photo before. 
“I have connections. I was able to track down some of your items from your house after it sold. A painter took the individual photos and blended them together into this one. I figured it might be a nice addition to the room. The pictures I sourced are upstairs in—” 
Her choking hold as she jumps and clings onto me cuts my speech off. Her lips press scattered kisses all over my face. 
“Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.” 
I press my lips to her head, arm wrapping around her waist. “Be happy, Harlow. It’s all I want for you now.” 
Her bright eyes flick all over my face. “You make me happy.”
“I’m sorry for how this started, but I’m not sorry for how this ended.”
“Me neither.” She pulls me my head down, sealing our vows with another brush of our lips. “But I’ll take the apologies.” 
“And I’ll always give them.” 
“Forever?” 
“Forever.” 
Bound by a cure. 
I scoff. More like bound by her. It’s always been her, from the very beginning.
This witch undid me in all the right ways, undoing centuries of animosity, making me more complete than I have ever been, and I’ll spend the rest of forever thanking her. 
I can’t wait.


Epilogue

From the edge of the sand, Mary regards the darkening ocean. Alec’s castle looms in the shadows and nestled inside is Alec and Harlow. Harlow is now trained in the art of immortality, having learned quickly, after only a couple of short months. Proficient in the art of fire, but also getting better at the other elements as well. 
I prefer my fire, she had said earlier that day. As Mary knew she would. 
A vampire and a witch…the most unlikely duo, but one that will one day—
Good job, child. You did well.
“It will be an interesting millennium.” The same thought she had centuries ago. “I did not tell them what their future holds.” Flashes of Alec and Harlow fill her mind. “They will do great things for both species, but the witches especially. Having such a combination will prove to be valuable.” 
A soft breeze brushes her. A thank you.
Your second task is ready for you.
The waves in front of her still into placid water and an image appears in front of her. A witch and a shifter, locked in an embrace.  
“And so, it continues.” 
She pops away, situating herself into the life of the next pairing.






















