


Copyright © 2018 by Lynn Achieng’.
All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems without the written permission from the author, expect for the use of a brief quotations in book review.


 














SNEEK PEEK

“Ever heard of a phone you damnass,” she asked climbing from the bed, she did not even try to be graceful about it. She did not wait for an answer thou just left him seated there and stomped into the bathroom which was not far away. She lived in a studio apartment so she had a single room that represented the living room, bedroom and kitchen with a separate bathroom. It was terrifying how many times she had woke up with a saucepan in bed with her.
When she was done, she flushed the toilet, splashed some water on her face and emerged from the bathroom to find Hunter still seated calmly waiting for her.
“You lost your phone remember?” He said as if she had not left the room mid conversation.
“Yah I do,” she sat with her legs crisscrossed on the bed and hugged a pillow. She needed reinforcement from him and the pillow would have to do for now. “What do you want now?”
“I came bearing gifts,” he said holding out roses, “sorry for the way I behaved earlier.”
“Seriously look around, do I seem like the kind of girl who is into roses?” 
Shrugging, “No but the florist did mention that red roses symbolize passion and I wanted you to have them.”
No one ever thought to buy her roses.
She was a tomboy but one’s in a while she liked the pretty smell of flowers. Not that she was going to let him know that.
She laughed lightly, “Do you think maybe he was just trying to make a sale and meet his quota of the day?”
“Pretend all you want, I know you love roses,” he said with a smug smile that made her want to punch him.
Stretching out her hands, “Okay gimme,” burying her face in them she enjoyed the scent for a minute of two. “They do smell really good.”
When she looked up at him he seemed to be adjusting himself on the seat.
Smiling up at him, “Things getting a bit tight for you there buddy.”
He smiled, you know the smile a lion gives a deer before they pounce on them, “You have no idea.” It was now her turn to adjust herself.
“About earlier today I am sorry, things got too intense in the car and it brought up a lot of buried feelings and I did not handle it well.”
Curious, “Like what kind of feelings?”
“You know normal, love, lust and this pure blinding passion.”
Looking down at the roses, “you do not even know me that well how can you say love?”
He stood up and came and sat beside her on the bed. Taking her hands into his, “that is where you are wrong, I know you, all of you.”
Looking at him, “That is why you are wrong, I am not her whoever you think I am, I am not her. Somehow you are looking for me to fill this gap of someone I did not even know.”

Read more…….










PROLOGUE

3 YEARS AGO
The light.
It was so bright.
It felt like it was burning his eyes so he lifted his hands to cover them. Hopefully it would disappear and he would get the darkness back. Where he would float around aimlessly and be nothing, but it did not fade away, instead it became brighter and with the brightness came the memories.
It started as a low chanting then became louder and louder until it was all that he heard. Then the drums started to sound out in the distance, getting closer and the chanting became so loud he felt like his head was buzzing. He wanted to cover his ears but that would mean he would have to let the light in.
Then he heard it. Her screams.
She was shouting out for him and he could not move. So many times he tried to jump and get to her then he’d realize he was tied up on a tree. The knots kept digging into his skin with each attempt he made until he was raw. He did not feel the pain from the wounds all he felt was the pain he heard in her screaming.
He had to get to her. He had to save her before she was thrown into the fire.
The chanting got louder.
They were celebrating over her screams.
He grunted, he struggled, he screamed like an animal, yet he still could not get out of the hold the ropes had on him.
He cried out to the gods to save them. He would do anything in return. He begged and pleaded for them to take him instead as he watched them throw her into the fire.
He struggled and begged some more even as the smell of burnt meat started permitting the air and the sobs that seemed to be wrenched from deep within her soul sounded out.
It was like a wounded animal.
He startled awake.
Catherine.






















CHAPTER ONE

"Where are you right now?" 
"Somalia,"
"You have got to be kidding me, we were supposed to go to dinner tonight,"
Cringing, “Sorry I forgot."
Sighing, "It's okay, so what are you doing there?"
"Just got bored. Why are you not surprised that I am not at home?"
Laughing, "Yah I know you. The time you stood by the road wearing a sign saying that you were looking for bad guys."
Protesting, "Hey how was I supposed to know that they will break into my house when I was asleep?"
Laughing, "You do crazy shit all the time."
"Yah those were some good times, and it all worked out, he gave me inspiration for my new book and he still lets me call him when I need advice."
"Yah advice on what, how to bury a human being without being caught?"
"Hey you will be surprised, those people have an in depth understanding of people you cannot find in psychology books."
"Yah I will not argue with that, so what are you planning on doing in Somalia?"
"I made a friend through Facebook, he is going to show me around some."
"You know Somalia is not some place people have on the places they would like to vacation in?"
"I know."
"I rest my case, just take care of yourself and if you need anything like, let’s say ransom money, feel free to call."
Laughing, "You know I will."
Eve cut the phone call and stared at the barrel of the gun pointed directly at her face.























CHAPTER TWO

Eve knew that she was not normal according to human standards. 
It was not one thing specifically that tipped her off, more like a series of poor decisions and nightmares of memories she did not have.
She had two loving parents who adored her and her brother. They showered them with gifts and love, taking them to the best schools they could afford but somehow she was always restless. 
Once she even asked her parents if she was adopted, they told her no she shared their blood and were quite certain on that. She spent so many years while she was in Secondary school trying to prove she was adopted, that the buried memories in her mind from her childhood were bringing about her nightmares. Nightmares and the pain of being burnt alive. Most people dreamt and when they woke up the next day they laughed it off or forgot about their dreams. Not her. She felt everything happening in the dream. It was like once every year she was on fire.
She would wake up screaming and crying every time.
That was why when that day approached every year she did everything to keep awake.
At first it was coffee but she soon realized that was never going to work, somehow she always end up asleep. The lure of sleep was to strong.
What she found worked like a charm was danger, somehow the adrenaline pumping through her body helped her stay awake longer than most. That was one of the reasons she lived in an apartment complex where police raids went on almost every day and sound of gunshots did not shock anyone.
That was why on other days she stood by the roadside with a sign saying she was looking for criminals. You shout danger and she would run towards you. She was a junkie and her drug of choice was adrenaline. 
That was why as she sat here looking at the barrel of a gun pointed directly at her head, with the chance of missing her when the trigger was pulled at zero, she did not blink.
Instead she felt the thrill of adrenaline run through her.
“Hey take it easy, I mean you no harm.”
The only answer she got was the pain she felt when the butt of the gun was slammed onto her head. 
She crumpled to the ground and somehow she did not feel the pain.
All she felt and saw was blankness and she let it envelope her.
She had always known that one day her stupidity and spontaneity would lead her to this moment.
Well we all have to go sometime, she thought as she slipped into the darkness….

















CHAPTER THREE

He had to find her.
 He could feel the life draining out of her. 
He had to find her before he lost her forever again.
He was not going to pursue forever with her because there was no way he could have her and then watch her die from old age. That was why for three years he had stayed away.
He knew exactly where she was, he knew how much he loved her; after all they were soul mates; but he was not going to give into the pull she had on him.
She deserved a life with someone who would grow old with her. Someone who would love her more than he did.
He was just going to save her, he thought as he holstered his ankle pistol, deliver her back home safe and sound, and then walk away.
At the back of his head he heard a voice laughing so hard at him.
He chose to ignore that voice.
***
He sat in the log from the tree they had cut the previous hunting season and she sat on his lap. In their village he was the best village hunter and all the women wanted him but he chose her even though he knew they would never be together.
She ran her hand down his hardened jaw, loving every scar and bump which just showed how brave he was. He tightened his hand around her waist and pulled her closer, she felt so loved and protected.
These were there stolen moments that no one knew about. They would just seat here and make out for about thirty minutes, he would then accompany her to the river to fetch the water her mother sent her to fetch. 
Today was different. Today was the last time she would see him in the month, he would be gone to the forest for the hunting season. She knew very well he might never come back, so even though their thirty minutes together was up, she clung tighter to him. 
She knew that letting him go would just rip her heart apart…..
She was startled awake when she felt something cold cover her forehead. She tried to open her eyes but it felt like someone was hammering away in her head. 
Slowly she opened her eyes a slit and the light filtered in, as she came accustomed to her surroundings she came face to face with the man in her dreams.
No, it could not be, she only saw him in her dreams.
He was not real.
“It’s you,” she managed to croak out before she passed out again.















CHAPTER FOUR

It had not taken him long to find her. He had not been the best hunter in his village for no reason at all. Granted the new thing called technology still challenged him but he had had three years to adapt and he was pretty good at it.
Not that that would have ever stopped him, when it came to Catherine nothing was going to stop him this time. They were always in sync and he always knew where she was, felt what she felt and at times he could swear their heartbeats were one.
 They were soul mates.
Knowing where she was, was not the problem, getting to her was the problem. She had ran away to Somalia where he would bet someone was holding her for ransom just looking for money to support some radical belief. After a lot of negotiations and a lot of bribing the lowlife people he was able to get to her. He found her locked in a room in an abandoned building passed out with a gash on her head. Apparently they did not care if she lived or died. 
When he saw her sleeping there, so helpless, he almost felt like he had lost her but he could still feel her heartbeat. She would survive and she would live.
His Catherine had always been a fighter.
He remembered the first time he saw her, they were barely teenagers, she was playing outside with a friend and he was just passing by. Just one look at her doe eyes and he knew he would love no other. 
He had tried, God knows how much the past three years he had fought not to find her, throw her over his shoulder and carry her off to a cave somewhere. There he would take care of her and show her that she was it for him.
He had tried so hard not to look for her and it seemed the harder he tried to back away the more drawn he was to her.
But he was not here to claim her, he was going to help her get better, then he was taking her back home even if he had to carry her through the airport kicking and screaming. He found the nearest clean hotel and the best back street doctor who said Eve was going to be okay but she would wake up with a nasty headache and a concussion. 
Even though the doctor was as thin as a rail, probably from snorting too much cocaine and looked shifty as hell, he choose to believe him. 
When she regained consciousness for that second and said, “it’s you,” it knocked the wind right out of him.
She could not remember him.
That was not possible.
Unless the witch who cast a spell on him had not told him everything a hundred years ago.
Now she was another shifty character, he would not be surprised if she was still alive.














CHAPTER FIVE

She woke up with a headache but it was better than the one before. The room was empty but there were two Panadol extra tabs and a cup of water by the nightstand. After swallowing the pill she lay down and closed her eyes. She did not care where she was, she was going to get some rest to get back her energy then she would find a way to make her way home. For now the sheets were just too comfy, she thought as she snuggled back in.
***
When she woke up again the headache had lessened and she felt was hot so she threw the blanket away and stretched out. She stopped stretching when she realized the man of her dreams was seated by her bed and from the heat on his eyes, he had been following every move she made. 
Her first instinct was to pull back her blanket but for some reason she did not want to. Something about him felt so familiar and it is not every day you wake up and find the man of your dreams has come to life. Literally. 
So she stretched out once more and watched his pupils dilate as he followed the movements of her breasts.
A flash of arousal flowed through her.
Great, she woke up in a hotel room with a strange man seated by her bed watching her sleep and all she could think about was how he would feel stretched out on top of her.
Maybe the gun butt had hit her harder than she thought.
“Welcome back to the land of the living princess,” at the sound of his voice she had this image of him kneeling down by the river telling her, “I will love you forever, princess.”
She gasped, she had definitely been hit harder than she had thought earlier; she was having hallucinations.
”Where are my clothes? Not that I do not appreciate this men shirt and boxers but I need to get dressed,” She flushed again when she realized he must have seen her naked.
“You were not wearing any clothes when I found you and those were the only one’s available.”
Gasping, “Did they…” she did not have to finish that statement, he knew exactly what she was asking.
“No I am guessing they were waiting for you to gain consciousness for that.” He said and then went silent letting the severity of the situation she had been in sink in, “What were you thinking?”
She did not look at him as she answered, instead she fidgeted with the blankets edge, “Abdul looked totally trustworthy on Facebook.”
She did not want to tell him that she had not been thinking because she had been running, because she was not even sure what she had been running from to begin with.
He came and sat at the edge of the bed and waited until she was done fidgeting and she looked at him, he stretched out his hand, “Hey I am Hunter Igembe.”
“Eve Aludbe,” she said and took his hand in hers.
Then like a series of memories she saw them in flashes, looking across from the field and seeing him for the first time, swimming together in the river, bidding him farewell when he went hunting, dancing around the fire with him, burning as he screamed out for her restrained… She saw it all, but it was like it was her and at the same time it was not her.
She asked him, “Do I know you?”
Smiling and edgy smile, “That seems to be the million dollar question, doesn’t it?”
They remained silent for a moment and then they heard knocking on the door.
This was not the polite knock of room service, her suspicions were confirmed shortly when after three louder bangs someone announced, “Police.”
“Princess, we have to go, I might have failed to mention that I did not get you back through legal challenge.”
Gasping, “What dressed like this? You want me to go outside in a land filled with radical Muslims wearing your shirt and some boxer shorts?”
 Shrugging as he opened the window, “No choice unless you want to go with those police who I am sure are working for Abdul.”
Shuffling over to the window she protested, “You are crazier than I am, “as she placed one foot out the window.
“True that princess,” were the last words she heard as she stood at the ledge and jumped hoping the ground was not as far down as it seemed.











 






CHAPTER SIX

“I look like an idiot,” Eve complained as she tried to adjust the long skirt she had stolen from the wire lines behind the hotel. With his baggy t-shirt and this even baggier and longer skirt she looked like she was in the circus. 
Pouting, “This is why I love jeans and boots, they are practical and do not trip me with every step I take.” She never pouted but this situation called for a bit of pouting, she had earned it.
He just smiled as he adjusted the lapel of the shirt she was wearing, “You look as cute as a button.”
She tried to storm off but it felt like the skirt was just swishing around her so she did not get very far and he was laughing at her attempt which made him even madder. 
“You coming?” 
“Yes ma’am,” he said as he followed her. When they got to the street he placed one hand on her elbow, it was both possessive and protective.
“Keep your head down and just follow my lead,” She did not argue with that.
They walked about ten minutes then he was ushering her in the passenger seat of an old jeep, then he went round and got in himself. “Stashed this here in case the hotel entrance was closed.”
“Smart,” she said looking behind to see if anyone was following them. In her skirt and shirt she was sweating in this humid weather and she did not complain. She just wanted out.
She had come to Somalia for an adventure and she had gotten one she was sure she would not forget for a while.
“Are we going to the airport?”
“We could but I cannot risk Abdul having men on the lookout,” Then under his breath, “if that he is even his name.”
“So where are we going?”
“I know a guy by the boarder, we will enter Kenya through there, maybe spend a night in Mandera then continue on the next day.”
“Of course you know a guy,” she said as she rested her head on the seat headrest.
Tightening his hand on the steering wheel, “and so should you. You should not have come here without knowing someone to have your back.”
Closing her eyes, her headache was coming back, “Yah, yah, I know.”
“How did you even get into the country?”
Opening one eye, “Through and aero plane, you know those pesky little things that fly up in the sky.”
Shaking his head, “Just go to sleep.”
As she dozed off he was left to drive and the silence left room for him to think. He could not believe she was actually here. His Catherine was alive even if she did not even know it. Yet.
From the look they shared in the hotel room when their hands touched, she remembered him. He did not know how, but he knew that somehow the witch had messed up with the spell.
And since he was alive, he was pretty sure the witch was also alive somewhere.
If that was the case he had to find her.
Maybe if he found her he would know the way to reverse the curse and finally he would get to grow old with Catherine.
He could almost see their kids with her eyes and stubbornness. He would love them more than life itself.
He swore he could taste the future on his lips, that was when he realized he had bitten his own tongue and what he was tasting was blood.
He gripped the steering harder, he had lost her once and it had destroyed him, he was not going to loss her again.
Ever.

CHAPTER SEVEN

She slept through the border crossing and startled awake when the jeep came to a stop the second time. 
“Those pain medicines must have been stronger than I thought.”
“Mmh,” he said as he got out of the jeep to get some bag from the boot.
Getting out fast to confront him, “Hey you mad at me? You do not even know me.”
She did not know him too but somehow she cared what he thought of her..
Advancing towards her she retreated until her back hit the back of the jeep and she was trapped. He did not try to put his hand on either side of her to trap her in, he just stood there staring at her with the bag dangling from the other hand.
She could have gotten away any time she wanted to but somehow she felt like she could not move. Trapped in the depth of his eyes.
“Yes, I am mad at you for putting yourself in unnecessary danger, I do not want to think about what could have happened to you out there if I had not come for you.” She did not want to think about it too. He took another step closer until he was too close, “and I do know you, more than you will admit to yourself.” Tracing her cheek with his free hand he whispered in a hoarse voice, “You know me too.”
She leaned her face into his hand, captured by his eyes.
She thought he was going to kiss her, she wanted him to kiss her and from the look on his eyes he wanted that too.
Tracing his thumb over her cheek, “Damn you are beautiful.” She just swallowed hard, her throat suddenly dry.
Then reluctantly he dropped his hand and stepped back, he nodded at the building she had not even noticed was right behind them. “We will spend the night here and then tomorrow we shall continue to Nairobi.”
She was glad that she was back in Kenyan soil but she was sad that tomorrow after he dropped her off she was never going to see him again. There was no reason too.
It was for the best, she thought as she followed him in, the night of the one year mark was approaching and she did not want him near her when she started screaming like a banshee. Too bad she would be in her house alone when it hit again.
Maybe she could find Nacicu, the criminal who broke into her house. He ought to be doing something shady that would keep her so pumped up with adrenaline she would not fall asleep.
The trick would be letting Hunter drop her off at home without him realizing what she was up to.
Something she was not aware of was that he could read her well. Most of the time she had her emotions written all over her face.
Right now the emotion written on her face was guilt and he knew as soon as he dropped her off she was going to get herself into some kind of nuisance. Right now he was just too tired to think about it, he booked them two adjoining rooms at the hotel and took the one closest to the entrance so he could hear anyone going to her room or her trying to escape.
He was going to get some sleep then try to figure her out in the morning when he could think straight again. 
He had dropped her off at her room and was leaving when she asked, “Can I borrow your phone? Mine must be somewhere back where we came from. I need to tell my friends and my family that I am okay.”
He handed her his cell, “Take your time, I will pick it up in the morning.” He had another satellite phone in case there was an emergency. He left her and as he took a shower he could hear her voice through the walls.
It was still as soothing as it had always been.
For the first time since he woke up three years ago he felt settled.
She was okay and she was close to him.
She was his.
And as he crawled into bed he wished she was there curled up next to him.
He just wanted to pull her closer and snuggle with her.
That fantasy spurred him on until his eyes became too heavy.
His Catherine.
This was the first time he was going to sleep since he found out that she was in danger.




















CHAPTER EIGHT

She did not how to tell Hunter that she could not sleep. Not tonight.
Especially at night this close to the one year mark. When she was young her parents had tried everything in their power to help her. They had taken her to therapists, doctors and even one a priestess. No one could help her because no one knew what the problem was.
They had tried everything, even knocking her out with sleeping pills but somehow she always woke up screaming and her parents would be there watch her writhing in pain. 
It was for those times she woke up to find her parents at the foot of her bed clinging to each other, that she moved out immediately she turned eighteen. She knew she could not solve it, so each time she just ran away faster and further. Looked like this time her running had left her in a pickle and travelling cross country with a man named Hunter who somehow she knew from her dreams.
She dialed the home phone number and her mother picked mother picked at the third ring, “Hello.” At the sound of her voice she felt like something was clogged in her throat and an emotion of pure joy passed through her. 
“Hello,” her mother repeated this time more irritated. Her parents liked to go to bed early and Eve had probably just woke her up.
“Hey mama it’s me,” She answered when she could finally speak again.
“Oh baby are you okay? Why are you calling me from a strange number?” That meant that she had not been gone long enough to be missed or else her mama would be demanding instead of asking.
“Someone snatched my phone while we were in traffic, you know this Nairobi thieves. I was just calling to tell you that I am okay.”
There was no need to tell her mum that she was in Mandera and a man named Abdul was probably chasing after them. Oh and that she had met the man of her dreams. Such were unnecessary details that would keep the woman up for long and probably give her a heart attack.
“That’s great honey, you need to be more careful,” She then launched into detailed explanation on how the world was full of bad people and she should take better care of herself. She knew she was being berated like a little girl but the speech made her feel safe and loved so she listened to every word.
When her mum was done she said, “I will mama, tell dad goodnight for me. Love you.”
“Love you too, take care and make plans to visit soon.”
“I will mama.”
The next phone call she made went something like this, “Wake up bitch,” Eve said as soon as Jess picked up the phone.
“Only one person I know will call me this chirper at eleven o’clock at night.”
Seating more comfortably on the bed, “Yah it is me, I am alive and out of Somalia.”
“Thank God,” Jess answered and it seemed like she was taking a minute to adjust herself to sleep more comfortably. “Sometimes I feel like and army wife who gets none of the benefits of being a wife.”
She had known Jess since they were ten years old and they have been tight friends ever since. Ride or die bitch.
Laughing, “I could give you the benefits if you are interested, you are so beautiful how can I say no.” She made sure to lower her voice right at the end suggestively. 
“Eew,” Jess said, “I would rather go to Somalia myself than face that.”
Feigning being hurt, “hey I am a catch.”
“I know you are babe, but I like my meat hard and straight if you catch my drift.” At this they both burst out laughing.
When it died down Eve said, “Speaking of hard meat, I might have met someone.”
Suddenly perking up, “Details, I need all details.” 
Jess was a girly girl and consequently she believed they had to share everything. Her? She could take a hard beating any day over sharing feelings, but Jess was the normal in her life and so she indulged her.
Just not tonight.
“There are some stuff I am trying to figure out myself but as soon as I get back, I plan to dish on every details.” 
That appeased Jess’s curiosity meanwhile, “Okay.”
After a moment’s silence Jess asked, “You scared?” They both knew what she was asking.
In her moment of weakness she allowed her feeling to infuse through her voice, “Shitless.”
“Wish you would let me be there for you,” she said and thou Eve could not see her, she could bet Jess was crying. This was confirmed a second later when she heard her sniffle.
“I will be fine, I have survived the others before,” She just had to find a way to stay awake.
“Take care babe and come back safe to me,” Jess said, “Love you.”
Ride or die bitch right there.
“Love you too bitch.”




 






CHAPTER NINE

Grumpily the next morning Eve got into the passenger seat and banged the door behind her.
She had not had any sleep the previous night which was good but it did not mean she had to like it. Hunter on the other hand looked ridiculously chirper and she snarled at him when he started whistling. 
As they started driving she tried to adjust the oversized skirt she was still wearing, “Cannot not wait to get back home and into my jeans and boots again.”
“Who jammed a stick up your ass last night to turn you into such a sour puss?”
Sipping the coffee they had got from the shop this morning she mumbled, “Did not get much sleep last night.” It was instant coffee but for now it would have to do.
“You call staying up all night not enough sleep, why can’t you sleep Eve?”
“How did you know I was up all night?”
“I am a light sleeper and you kept pacing up and down.”
Trying to steer clear of her sleep issues she asked, “Why are you a light sleeper?”
He saw right through it, “It comes with being a hunter,” he shrugged, “so tell me why you cannot sleep.” Coming back to the subject she was trying so hard to avoid.
“I slept all the way to Somalia, was not really that sleepy,” she answered as she took a bite out of the KDF. They were these big buns beloved by everyone and with the coffee they made for a very nifty breakfast.
Making sure to be loud and steer clear of anything that would lead back to her she asked, “Tell me about yourself Hunter.”
Hunter regarded her from the side of his eyes, she was smart and he could not tell her everything yet. She would just think he was crazy.
He knew she was dodging talking about herself but that was okay for now. He wanted her to know him better. Trust him. That was the only way she was ever going to accept him in her life.
So he edged on the truth, “I was lost in my life until about three years ago,” Try I was asleep in a cave for hundred years until three years ago. “When some kind stranger found me wondering around, confused and took me in. Taught me everything I know now.” That part was true, he did not feel the need to emphasize on how lost he felt when he woke up. All the changes in the world were startling to say the least. Most of the trees gone and just tall buildings in a new world he knew nothing about. The man who found him was a former Special Forces sergeant out on a walk one night when he was restless. Somehow they understood each other. It was instinct, so basic, pure and simple.
He did not realize he had been so caught up in the memories until he caught the tail end of her question.
“Ask that again.”
“What do you do for a living?”
“This and that,” he answered, there was no way he was going to tell her that he hunted people for a living. He was remarkable at it and the job paid very well. 
“And you what do you do for a living?” Of course he knew, he just wanted to see if she could be honest with him. He knew everything about her, even what she liked for breakfast.
She had been his obsession the first six months after he woke up, until he decided he would step back and let her live her life she had built for herself.
“I am a teacher,” he looked at her like he did not believe her.
She just smiled at him, “Okay my friend Jess is the teacher, I just volunteer at different organizations trying to help people. The pay is not great but I am extremely low maintenance.”
She was leaving a lot of things out but he would not pressure her yet.
“I noticed,” He said, “How did you manage the fare to book the trip to Somalia?”
Smiling, “I might have borrowed Jess’s credit card.” He liked it when she smiled, it kind of lit up her whole face and it was like she was smiling with her eyes.
Laughing lightly, “Which reminds me she is going to kill me when I get back home.”
Smiling at her, “get some rest princess, this is going to be a long trip.”
She closed her eyes and was soon fast asleep.
She did not want to think about the fact that she felt safe in his presence.


















CHAPTER TEN

She woke up about six hours later and she did not recognize the terrain they were passing through. Chartering in unknown territory, she thought and that made her smile.
“Look who is awake,” Hunter said, “You sleep like a log, we hit some nasty road bumps back there and you did not even startle.”
“Well I was compensating,” then under her breath she added, “Didn’t even dream.”
“Mmmh?” He asked trying to get her to clarify or speak up.
“Nothing much. How much further are we?” 
“About four more hours, do you want to take a break?”
“Yes, I really could use some pee time.”
Laughing, “Who says pee time, but your wish is my command. I will stop at the next stage I see.”
“Thanks and a lot of people say pee time.”
“Yah right,” then they fell silent, not the kind of awkward silence but a good deep silence, you know the one people who have been married about fifty years share.
About thirty minutes later they pulled into a small town center and Eve shot out of the jeep as soon as it packed. She found some local toilet in some rental houses and just dashed in there and three minutes later dashed out before the owners found her and chased her off with a frying pan like Rapunzel. 
When she got back to the jeep, Hunter was leaning casually on the driver’s side door. To anyone else it would seem casual, to her it seemed more like a protective stance. Like he would leap at a problem in one second flat.
She wanted to leap on him and finally just kiss him.
She was dying to taste his lips, just to prove they were not as soft as they seemed. What grown ass man had soft lips anyway, she thought as she looked away from him and stormed to the passenger side.
“I see grumpy Eve is back,” He said as he climbed in and fastened his seatbelt.
“Never really left,” she said as she fastened hers. Looking up, “Sorry I guess I am just hungry.”
Retrieving a cake and afya juice from the dashboard he handed them to her.
“Way ahead of you.”
“Thanks,” she took them grudgingly, she did not like the fact that he was taking care of her. She could not get used to him always being there.
“You do not like it when other people take care of you,” he was dead on.
Sighing,” I am just not used to it, the whole concept seems weird to me. I try to do most of the stuff on my own.”
Taking one hand of the steering wheel he took her right hand into his, the turned for a second to look at her, “It is okay to lean on others from time to time; that is what I am here for now.”
Looking at their intertwined hands, “This is crazy, I do not even know you.”
Giving her had a little squeeze, he returned to the steering wheel, “let us fix that right now, some truth or dare coming up.”
Laughing, “You serious?” 
“Yah why not, we have a couple of hours to kill,” silence then he asked, “Truth or dare?”
“Truth.”
“Have you ever been in love?” He had to know, if she loved someone else then he would back off, even if it killed him to.
She took her time to chew her cake before she answered, “Sometimes it feels like it, thou I cannot remember.”
“No one special waiting for you?”
“None and that was two questions, your turn, truth or dare?”
Without pausing, “Truth.”
“How do I know you?” He knew that this would come up sometime soon. He just needed a little more time later to explain, he decided to just hint on the truth for now.
“We were in love once, a long time ago.”
“Why can’t I remember, all I catch are these glimpses into a life I am not even sure is mine.”
“I promise to explain everything when we get back to Nairobi,” He looked over at her, “Thou I am not sure you will believe me.”
He let her mull over that for a second then he asked, “Truth or dare?”
She decided to be bolder this time, “Dare.”
He pulled off to the side of the road and looked directly into her eye, “Kiss me.”















CHAPTER ELEVEN

“Come on Eve lay it on me,” Hunter said trying to lighten the mood that had suddenly gone to quiet. “A bet is a bet.”
She looked up from her hands which she had been clamping hard since he pulled over and dared her. Truth be told what he wanted was to pick her up from her seat, place her on his lap so she was straddling him, hold the back of her head in his hands and kiss the heck out of her.
But such caveman behavior was not acceptable in this modern world. Women were more independent which he still did not understand but he was grateful they were allowed to choose who to marry. That meant that this time there is nothing standing between them.
Except the curse.
Which reminded him when they got back to the city he had to go on a witch hunt. He had to find a way to break the curse. One lifetime with her was what he wanted, it was all he ever wanted.
He was so lost in his thoughts he did not hear her move until she was straddling him. For a man whose job was hunting people he had let her sneak up on him a lot.
Not that he was complaining about the view from where he was seated.
He had the perfect view of her breasts which seemed bigger than he remembered. Made sense since she had not come back in the same body she had been in. Just really close in resemblance and he felt his hands almost shoot up to hold and feel them. He clenched his hands on his side, too fast.
He did not want to scare her away by groping her.
“Hey there, I think I lost you for a minute,” she whispered but he heard her. Looking at her directly in the eyes he whispered back, “Am here.”
Smiling at him, “Why are we whispering?” she asked unconsciously playing with the side of his head.
He smiled back, “I do not know,” after a moment, “This feels nice.”
Some part of him jumped in agreement that this was a very very good decision.
“Yah it does, I am going to kiss you now.”
“I would not object,” he whispered.
She lowered her lips slowly and when their lips touched he groaned. It felt electric.
Like he had just come alive for the first time since he woke up.
Like he was finally home.
He let her test a bit to get comfortable when all he wanted to do was devour her.
She increased the pressure and when she parted her lips and her tongue darted out to tease his, his control snapped.
He held her by the back of her head and brought their lips closer then he kissed her hard. No preliminaries. Just pure raw sexual desire he poured into that kiss.
She responded in kind by pulling herself closer until they were flash chest to chest. He wanted to rip away all their clothes to see how it would feel to be skin to skin contact with her. He growled at the thought of how good it would feel and pulled her even closer and it felt like not even air could come between them.
He had waited a hundred years for this and his body was going into overdrive and he was scared he was not going to stop.
He wrestled his feelings back under control then broke the kiss.
“Get back to your seat,” He growled at her.
Those were the last words he spoke to her until he dropped her off and drove off.




CHAPTER TWELVE

“He was the one who wanted me to kiss him and then he gets mad at me?” Eve repeated to Jess probably for the fourth time, pointing at her with a spoon full of ice cream. No, not those small plastic spoons, she had gone for the tablespoon. This was a crisis and she needed a boatload of ice cream and wine to get over it.
It was not like she was even mourning the end of a relationship because they had barely known each other three days. She did not know what she was mourning all she knew was that the ice cream made it better.
When he dropped her off at the entrance of her block complex, she was too hurt to even notice he had not asked for directions to her house. She knew she needed her friend and since she did not have her phone, any cash or even her credit card thanks to Abdul, she walked over to her friend’s house. It was a thirty minutes’ walk.
She lived on the more sketchy side of Westland’s, where when you come home past seven o’clock at night you might get to your house without a kidney, while Jess lived on the more upscale regions.
As soon as Jess opened the door and saw her she laughed so hard she literally had to lie down and curl up to protect her stomach from all the spasm.
Eve just stepped over her and headed directly for the shower, after taking a cold shower she changed into some of her clothes she had left over. Being back in her own clothes felt so good.
When she went back to the sitting room Jess had already picked herself up from the floor and was browsing through television stations. When Jess heard Eve come in she smiled up at her, “I see someone found Jesus when they were away.”
“Those were self-defense clothes,” she said as she turned and headed for the fridge, “Do you have any ice cream and wine?”
“Ooh, ooh double duty, this must be good.”
Turning to look at her, “Ooh you have no idea.”
“Then pick up your ice cream and wine and come tell mama everything.”
So as they swapped ice cream and wine she told her everything that had happened since she left Kenya for Somalia.
“Where did he come from and how did he know you?” Jess asked when she told her about Hunter.
“I do not know but I get this feeling like I know him from another life, you ever meet someone or see something and they just make sense even thou you do not know why?”
“I guess I understand the concept.”
“That’s how I felt about him, we had this great connection I could not explain. We spent the night in Mandera then he dropped me off, I did not even want to kiss him, he dared me and then he had the nerve to get mad at me,” that was the first time she mentioned it.
Now, she added over a mouthful of ice cream, “It all felt so surreal and now he is just gone, like it all never happened,” and that made her sad.
Jess said, “Wow, I would have loved to meet this Hunter guy he sounds like something.”
“Yah he really is.”
“Maybe it’s all for the best, now you can go back to planning for tomorrow night.”
Dropping the spoon into the now empty ice cream container, “You are probably right. Whatever that was, it would never have ended well.” She knew she was right and Jess was also right but it still hurt.
“Can you order me an Uber and pay for it? Abdul stole everything I carried with me.”
“Why don’t you just spend the night here? I can fix us some dinner and we can will away the evening with a couple of romantic comedies.”
“Actually I am tired, I think I will just go and crush at home, missed my bed,” she was really tired and the wine was working its way through her body. She did not want to spend the night at Jess’s because she knew she might wake up screaming at night. At least at her place her screams would be ignored, the neighbors could care less.
Jess called her an Uber, she used the commute time to make some calls to set up for tomorrow night, and within fifteen minutes she was face down asleep. 
She did not know what woke her up or how long she had been asleep.
It was just a feeling that something had changed.
She knew he was there even before she saw him.
She pretended to turn to her side and reached for the knife under her pillow.
Slowly she opened up her eyes and looked at him seated calmly at her bedside.
“Damn I really should change the lock on my door.”
“You really should,” after a second, “planning on doing anything with that knife you are holding?”
“I am seriously considering it.”













CHAPTER THIRTEEN

“Ever heard of a phone you damnass,” she asked climbing from the bed, she did not even try to be graceful about it. She did not wait for an answer thou just left him seated there and stomped into the bathroom which was not far away. She lived in a studio apartment so she had a single room that represented the living room, bedroom and kitchen with a separate bathroom. It was terrifying how many times she had woke up with a saucepan in bed with her.
When she was done, she flushed the toilet, splashed some water on her face and emerged from the bathroom to find Hunter still seated calmly waiting for her.
“You lost your phone remember?” He said as if she had not left the room mid conversation.
“Yah I do,” she sat with her legs crisscrossed on the bed and hugged a pillow. She needed reinforcement from him and the pillow would have to do for now. “What do you want now?”
“I came bearing gifts,” he said holding out roses, “sorry for the way I behaved earlier.”
“Seriously look around, do I seem like the kind of girl who is into roses?” 
Shrugging, “No but the florist did mention that red roses symbolize passion and I wanted you to have them.”
No one ever thought to buy her roses.
She was a tomboy but one’s in a while she liked the pretty smell of flowers. Not that she was going to let him know that.
She laughed lightly, “Do you think maybe he was just trying to make a sale and meet his quota of the day?”
“Pretend all you want, I know you love roses,” he said with a smug smile that made her want to punch him.
Stretching out her hands, “Okay gimme,” burying her face in them she enjoyed the scent for a minute of two. “They do smell really good.”
When she looked up at him he seemed to be adjusting himself on the seat.
Smiling up at him, “Things getting a bit tight for you there buddy.”
He smiled, you know the smile a lion gives a deer before they pounce on them, “You have no idea.” It was now her turn to adjust herself.
“About earlier today I am sorry, things got too intense in the car and it brought up a lot of buried feelings and I did not handle it well.”
Curious, “Like what kind of feelings?”
“You know normal, love, lust and this pure blinding passion.”
Looking down at the roses, “you do not even know me that well how can you say love?”
He stood up and came and sat beside her on the bed. Taking her hands into his, “that is where you are wrong, I know you, all of you.”
Looking at him, “That is why you are wrong, I am not her whoever you think I am, I am not her. Somehow you are looking for me to fill this gap of someone I did not even know.”
He was silent so long she felt like he was going to answer, “wanna dance?” He asked finally.
She was not going to get any answers she wanted by forcing the issue so she smiled, “First you bring me flowers then you ask me to dance, are you trying to woo me?”
Shrugging he smiled back at her charmingly, “maybe.”
“Won’t work because I am onto you.” She was scared that was the reason it might work.
He gave her his hand, “Come on just one dance, I promise I won’t bite this time.”
She laughed as she got up, “This time?”
Smiling, “I am not making any promises about next time.” That smile right there made her feel like she was melting.
He pulled out his phone and after inputting some commands he pulled her into him. By the time she settled, Ed Shereen Perfect was playing and he had pulled her even closer. She could feel how much he wanted her and that made her feel powerful somehow that she could have that effect on him.
As Ed Shereen started singing he started humming lightly and it was like a magnet. She felt so drawn to him and she wanted to feel and hear his chest vibrate as he hummed.
She lay her head on his chest and he pulled her even closer and she just closed her eyes and enjoyed the moment. They were so engrossed in the music that the door banging on the wall made them jump apart, but then Hunter shifted so he was in front of her again.
“Hands up,” a male voice ordered.
Raising both hands as if in surrender, he looked at her and said, “You really should change those locks.”
















CHAPTER FOURTEEN

There was something so hot and primal about two alpha men fighting. It was raw and scorching hot when you see an alpha man taking down another man with just one move.
All she did was sigh as she watched.
Damn.
She was not a woman who believed in being taken care of, she was proud of being independent but watching Hunter take down Nacicu was awesome. Thrilling and it turned her on.
It took her a second to recover and realize that Hunter had Nacicu on his stomach with his hand wrenched back, Nacicu was grunting in pain while Hunter on one knee beside him.
“Hey let him go, he is a friend,” she said when she could finally speak.
He looked at her suspiciously like he did not believe her.
“We have some stuff to handle, I did not know you were going to be here.”
“She’s right dude, I did not mean you no harm,” seems like Nacicu could finally speak again.
Hunter gave the hand he was holding one last tug before releasing it and standing up in one smooth move that made her want to jump him.
He just buzzed with pure male energy all she could think about was jumping on him and humping him until she came.
Here she was thinking like a cat.
It was as if he could tell what she was thinking so he came closer until she could see him breathing.
The heat on his eyes when he looked down at her was not helping at all.
He whispered into her ears, “when you are turned on I can smell it and it turns me on.”
“Just shut up and kiss me.”
He leaned and was about to kiss her and she knew this time it would not be soft or sweet and she wanted it so bad.
“Hey guys, I am still back here,” Nacicu said breaking into the haze that had surrounded them. Hunter growled and she giggled.
Kissing him on the cheek she said, “Let me deal with him then we can get back to this.”
She started walking away when he held her hand lightly, “Whatever he is saying to you I want to hear.”
Smiling as sweetly as she could, “well it is none of your business,” trying to peal his hand from her arm and he tightened it slightly then said, “You wanna bet?”
She frowned at him and he just smiled, “this is not going to end well for you, bullying me is not the way to get in my good books,” she tried one last time to get him to quit.
He just lifted his eyebrow in question.
She relented, “Okay you can follow me.”
She stalked away to stand in front of Nacicu, “Dude I thought we talked about this, you cannot keep breaking into my house.”
Shrugging and smiling slyly, “it was fun the first time around.”
She just rolled her eyes at him and again when Hunter cleared his throat behind her like he could not be ignored.
“Nacicu meet Hunter, Hunter Nacicu.”
As she introduced them Hunter moved forward and placed his hand just below her waist. It was a purely possessive move and from the way Nacicu’s eyes dilated a fraction, he got the message.
Eve just rolled her eyes.
Men. 
“Aren’t you the leader of the four brother’s gang?” Hunter asked in a way that showed he knew the answer already and just wanted to see if they would lie to him.
Or give him permission to rip Hunter apart, he looked like he was okay with that option too.
“We have an acquaintance,” Nacicu answered still smarting from the fact that Hunter had gotten the best of him.
He turned to Eve, “wanted to let you know our plans for today are in place.” He turned to leave when she called out, “Nacicu,” he turned around, “do not forget your gun,” she pointed at where it had fallen beside the only chair in the room.
“Ooh that, thanks,” he picked it up. Then he turned to Hunter and promised, “I will be seeing you around.”
Then he left.
Well the heads of gangs were not known for being diplomatic, she thought as she closed the door after him. Turning around she said, “Well that went well.”
Keep him distracted, she thought, “so where were we before we got distracted.”
“What was he talking about?” That went south fast.
“Nothing, we are just going to grab a couple of beers together and hang out.”
“Nothing to life threatening?”
She nodded, “yes.”
He moved until he was in front of her, setting one stray hair back gently, “You promise?”
Almost choking, “Scout’s honor.”
She lied.
He knew she was lying.
Looking at her directly in the eyes, “there is never a dull day with you.”
She smiled and just shook her head no.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

When you sleep and wake up screaming because you think you are on fire, you somehow become fascinated with the whole concept of fires and how to start and stroke them.
That was how she got into bomb making in the first place; most people think that it is so hard to build but mostly it just needs basic chemistry or engineering knowledge or just a good strong internet connection.
They are crazy people out there who would teach you anything and that was how she learnt; that plus her background in engineering she soon perfected her technique on how to do controlled explosion. She did not want to kill anything, she just liked watching the fire consume and devour almost anything; it felt glorious.
Best of all it gave her power, power over her dreams.
Power over her life again.
Hunter had not left until the wee hours of the morning and she had had to kick him out when she told him she had stuff to do. He asked her if she wanted to grab dinner later and she told him that she would be busy catching up with Jess. What she did not include was that she would be busy blowing stuff up. They had plans to grab dinner the next night which was okay because for the next forty eight hours she could not fall asleep.
The dreams did not come in a specific day so she always estimated the window of forty eight hours just to be safe. Since Hunter had woken her up last night you could add another six hours to the forty eight hours. She was in for a rough two days.
As soon as Hunter left she called Nacicu, he insisted on using burner phones, and when she had accused him once of being paranoid he had pointed out to her the fact that half his men probably want to shoot him in the back. What a way of life.
After confirming that everything was in place she started her routine of movie marathon, she did not want to waste any of her energy and by the time six o’clock came she had finished the whole season one of the Brave.
She took a quick shower, changed into a black heavy tight, black t-shirt, black hoodie and black canvas shoes. All the black was over the top but she needed to conserve her heat for the next twelve hours, she would be in an empty bunker with broken windows.
She packed all the tools she needed and at exactly seven she was whistling on her way to Embakasi.
When the whites invaded the country they needed bunkers to store food and hide incase everything went to shit. After colonization was over those bunkers stood empty and she loved building her bombs and blowing them up in there. 
Nacicu being a gang leader with people who often needed to hide from the police, knew all the bunkers in the county plus where to source the illegal stuff she needed under the radar. All she had to do was give him a list and a boatload of money.
Everyone had their hobbies and this was hers.
The threat of it exploding at any time to render her dead or useless thrilled her and that thrill was what she needed today.
The bunker was empty with everything she had requested stock piled at the corner. She spread the bomb plans in the middle of the table, and studied it for a moment. 
She had chosen a complex design that would keep her awake the next twelve hours just to build and the next twelve hours to blow it up safely.
She removed her hoodie and placed it on the side. 
Time to get serious.
*****
Unbelievable!
Just unbelievable.
A woman promises you they were going to be safe and try not to do anything stupid and they turn around to build a bomb, a freaking bomb!
If it was not for the fact that he was scared that shaking her would connect two wrong wires and they would both end up dead he would have carried her off long ago for a good ass whooping.
So instead he just stood at the corner and watched her keeping his eyes out for anyone else coming in. He knew she trusted Nacicu and in his books that was just stupid. She was too engrossed in her work she did not even realize he was there.
At first when she placed the drawing down he did not know what she was building, he thought she was building a nice wardrobe, her place could use one of those or just even a bed because hers swayed like it was on its last leg.
He realized what she was making when she pulled back the tap at the corner and his eyes fell on the C4 explosive, that was restricted he did not want know how she got it. By the time he was out of shock she had already started putting the pieces together. Now he just stood at one of the dark corners like a creepy stalker watching her.
He did not feel guilty for watching and following her, it was obvious the woman needed protection even from herself.
Watching her build was like watching an artist create a masterpiece.
“You going to help me or are you going to stand there all night?” She asked without even looking up and at first he did not realize she was talking to him then it sank in that they were the only two people in the room.
He moved closer until he stood across from where she was seated down on the chair working.
“So this is the nothing dangerous you were doing tonight.”
She did not look up, “Yah I was never a scout and am really good at it so I will not blow myself up.”
“Okay,” he did not agree with her but he could not force her to stop either, “How did you know I was here?”
“I felt you the moment you walked in, it’s like the hairs on my head stood up and took notice.”
“Is this what you went to look for in Somalia?”
“Maybe.”
“How did you get it into the country?”
“Sent it ahead via courier, I also know some people.”
“You stole it from Abdul that is why he hit you,” he guessed.
“Maybe.” She said as she continued without breaking a sweat. He did not know if he should feel used, but she had not asked for his help to begin with, he had gone to save her because he thought she was a damsel in distress.
This whole women being independent, still confused the heck out of him.


















CHAPTER SIXTEEN

For three hours the man barely moved, just stood there not even complaining that she was moving to slow or commenting on anything. It was like having a very comforting, immobile statue by your side that you feel is there but you cannot see it.
When working others preferred to listen to music like jazz or hip hop or rock, others had their white noise, her she loved silence. It was only in silence could she create and she loved the fact that he did not try to distract her but the hard part was over and she felt like chatting.
“You promised me a story.”
Without moving, “did I.”
“Yah, and now seems a good time as any.”
“You mean as you stand over an explosive material that needs all your concentration seems like a good time to you?”
“Yah, I find your voice soothing.”
“If you say so where do you want me to start?”
“How about from the beginning,” she asked moving the wire and trying to concentrate, it was true his voice was soothing, she just had to make sure she did not do anything stupid.
“Okay if you say so, once upon a time about a hundred years ago, in a village just south of here there lived a little girl who was from the Oul tribe, she loved what every little girl loved, princess and butterflies. She was not from a well off family but she grew up to be a very beautiful little girl with a brilliance that surprised many. She was loved by everyone and even at a young age she tried to help everybody, she could not see anyone suffering without doing anything about it. The King had set his eyes on her as the future wife of his son. Her name was Catherine.” 
He stopped for a moment and she thought he was going to end there then she realized he had just become emotional, “She grew up knowing she was going to be a princess then a queen someday and even thou she was a nobody her family really wanted this for her. Through her they were going to be royalty. Then she met this young lad who had a chip on his shoulder and thought the world was his oyster. He loved hard and partied even harder, trust me there were parties back then, just over fires with a lot of meat and wines. He was the best hunter in the village at seventeen and he enjoyed the privileges that came with it.
Then one day he was just passing by and he saw her playing with a bunch of her friends and when their eyes met they just knew. It was love at first sight and nothing else mattered, not the fact that he was an orphan or the fact that he could never ever have her, he loved her. For a few years that worked, they could sneak off to play, he would teach her the different animals and how to track them, and they would make out and at times just talk for hours about anything and everything. With each passing day they knew there time together was coming to an end and that she would soon turn sixteen and be married off to the prince. 
So they made a plan and like fools in love they believed it could work, they eloped together. She put together a few cassavas, stole some honey from her mama’s pouch and he carried his bow and arrow to hunt for food they could survive on for a while. One night when everyone was asleep, they escaped into the woods, the woods would provide anything they needed to survive. Fresh food, fresh water and shelter in the caves.
They walked for days until they came to this clearing that overlooked a pretty gorgeous view of the river and the valley. She loved it so much and since he could not deny her anything they decided to build their house there. Where they could wake up every morning and feel the wind on their faces, smell the salty taste of the river and even watch the animals come to drink there.
For days everything was peaceful, they thought everything was forgotten, they could not hunt for a lowly orphan and a girl from a nobody family for very long. The prince would find some other girl to marry and they would all live with the one they wanted.
What they did not account for was the pride of a person with authority or a very angry family that felt cheated on the life of finally being royalty. Let us just say it did not end well for them.”
Trying so hard not to cry she asked, “What happened to them?” She had to keep concentrating on what she was doing, even just tying up the loss ends in a bomb could be dangerous. She could end up joining two totally different wires. It was a good thing she was doing this out of experience because she was sure she was not concentrating very well on what she was supposed to be doing.
“One night when they were sleeping after just making sweet beautiful love, the villagers descended, they burnt everything they had built and then took them hostage. On the two day walk home they were left to sleep outside with the elements, hungry.” It was as if he was reliving the whole experience, “Then when they got closer they started chanting and singing and dancing to alert the other villagers they were coming. He knew the routine because he was among the hunters on the other days they went hunting or to raid another villages, the songs used to make him feel victorious now it just made him sick to the stomach. He had failed to protect her.”
She stopped working and after making sure everything was far apart she turned to look at him, “Did they burn her while you watched screaming and pleading for her life?”
“Yah how did you know that?”
“Because that is how I know you, I have seen you every year in my dreams since I was twelve.”
“That was when I met Catherine.”
“But that is not possible, you should be dead by now, a hundred years is a long time and you do not look a hundred and seventeen or twenty to me,” she said smiling trying to lighten the mood.
“After you were taken from me, sorry after Catherine was taken from me, I was not in good shape and I visited a village witch to ask for a favor. I just wanted to see you one more time, tell you I am sorry I did not protect you when that is all I promised to do.”
“What deal did you make with the witch?”
“That she would put me to sleep until you were reborn again and turned twenty five, I woke up three years ago, but the deal came with some consequences.”
“Consequences like?”
“I cannot die or grow old, I guess that is the witch’s way of making me relive the cycle of watching you die all over again.” He moved forward until he was standing between her knees.
“All I ever wanted was a chance of just one more lifetime with you.”
“But I am not Catherine,” holding the hand closest in hers she looked up at him, “I am not sure I can be who you want me to be.”
“All I want is to love you, just let me love you,” Hunter said tracing his hand on her cheek.
She swallowed back her tears and said, “I can’t I am not sure if it is me you love, I am not Catherine, I am just Eve. Do you love me or do you love the person I remind you off?”
“I love you.”
Looking into his eyes, “I do not believe you.”
Kneeling down in front of her he pulled her forehead until it was touching hers, “Please do not waste this chance we have been given.”
Trying even harder not to cry, “You need to leave now.”
He brought their lips together then kissed her like there life depended on it, “I love you.” Then he got up and walked away. She watched him leave before she started crying.
 She cried so hard; for the love she wished was hers, for Catherine and Hunter, for not being Catherine; that she did not hear the person sneaking behind her until it was too late. 
She felt something hard hit her behind the head then it was just total darkness.






CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Groaning, she woke up when the sun was just coming up. Looked like being knocked out by a hard object and lying unconscious for long took the wind out of the dream. 
“People have got to stop knocking me over the head with stuff,” she complained to herself trying to stand up, “Soon I might wake up in a bush somewhere and not even know my name.”
She was a bit loopy but she seemed fine, was the conclusion she came to as she sat on the chair she had been on.
It took her a moment to come around but when she did she turned around and realized that her bomb was gone.
“Oh crap.”
***
There was a loud knocking on the door and when he did not get there fast enough for the person they started banging. He did not know anyone who would come banging on his door at the crack of dawn, maybe it was Eve coming to tell him she loved him. That added a spring to his step as he opened the door.
It was Eve yes but she looked harassed and she was pressing a piece of cloth at the back of her head he was sure had some blood on it. He pulled her inside, “are you okay?”
“What do you think? Someone hit me over the head with something after you left.” 
Directing her until she was seated he went to get his first aid kit, “I knew you shouldn’t have trusted Nacicu.”
“It was not him, he was the one who gave me your address.”
Pausing for a moment, “How does he know my address?”
Shrugging, “You pissed him off I am guessing he was planning to pay you a visit really soon.”
“Damn drug Lords,” he said as he opened the kit and took out what he needed, “so if it was not Nacicu who could it be?”
“My guess is Abdul, he must have traced me and realized what I was building then gave me time to finish it, why do men have to be so lazy.”
“Hey,” he protested and she would have laughed if it did not hurt so damn much. “So why did he not kill you?”
“Because the bomb had my fingerprints all over it he could blow it up and I would take the blame for it. Since it was a pneumatic bomb it would not explode into flames, but it can build about twenty buildings down.”
Whistling, “What were you planning on doing with that?”
“That was this morning’s project to build a containment storage so I can blow it all up without hurting anyone. I just like the thrill, it keeps me awake.”
“Why would you want to stay awake?”
“I will tell you that later now we need to find my friend Abdul before he brings down the whole city and I get arrested.”
“Can’t we involve the police in this?”
“Oh yah and tell them what, hey good police people I was building a bomb, you know your garden variety test bomb that can bring down twenty buildings, when someone knocked me over the head and stole it. I would be arrested faster than I can sneeze.”
“Did you equip the bomb with a GPS?”
“Yah hopefully Abdul has not realized it yet and disabled it.”
“Is there still hope because you did not finish it?”
“Yah that’s the other problem, if he tries to finish it and connects the wrong wire there is an explosion, if he manages to connect them correctly…”
“There is an explosion.” Moments like this he wished he had hair to run his hands through. “Okay let us track him down and you can dismantle the bomb.”
“I am sure he is not alone where he has kept the bomb, probably has several AK-47s guarding the place.”
“So we have to let him set it up before we can do anything about it.”
“Yah and pray like hell he knows how to connect the bomb. We cannot tell the cops where they are because they might get in there and connect or disconnect something they are not supposed to.”
“We are going to need help.” It was time to call his friend in as a former special forces he might know what to do. Steve was handsy with technology and he was good at finding people that was why they made a good bounty hunting team.
A headache was starting to creep in on her but she did not want to spook him, she had screwed up, they had to fix it then she would lie down somewhere and sleep for days.

















CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

“You have all the basic equipment but you do not have one that can listen to people through their own walls? People in bad action movies have those equipment’s!” Eve complained after they had established that the only way they could peek into the window was if he lifted her onto his shoulder. 
“I am the one who has to carry you, so stop complaining and hop on,” he said and she did. She had not batted an eye when Steve turned out to be in a wheel chair, when Hunter had told him that he had been in the Special Forces she did not know what to expect. The man may seem to joke around but from the look on his eyes he was always calculating something. She was just glad he was on their team. She was sure there was a story their; she would love to hear it sometime soon.
She peeked through the window, “They seem to be moving some stuff around, and there is van packed there that says Greenland Catering Services. I bet that is how they are transporting the bomb.” He let her down, “Do you think we can sneak onto the van, you can take control of it and I can dismantle it.”
“You have not slept for almost thirty six hours are you sure you are alert enough to do this?”
“Yah I am fine, we just need a plan to get in the van without them seeing us.”
“You mean a hulky dude and a woman I am sure we will fit right in,” he said with a smile.
“Yah right,” she appreciated his humor at this point. “Okay we need a plan, I am all out of ideas.”
“I do not see any way to get in but we can follow them and side track them when we get to a deserted road.”
That plan was better in theory but they followed the van for about twenty minutes before it turned into the Villa Rosa hotel gate. “Crap we cannot get in there, and doesn’t the hotel have its own food preparation services?” It was a five star hotel for crying out loud they would not order out unless, “There must be a dignitary in there who wants something not prepared by the hotel,” Hunter said exactly what she had been thinking of.
“So what do we do now?” she asked.
“We have to get in there somehow because I am so sure that van is not coming out of there.” He said, “Steve are you hearing this?”
They had left him in Hunter’s apartment and it still amazed her how he did not blink when they said bomb and twenty buildings in one sentence.
“Yah I get you loud and clear, I can control the security feed so that they cannot see what you are up to once you are inside but you have to get in on your own.”
“No problem buddy I think I have a plan.”
“I do not think I like this,” she said and her headache was growing stronger.
“It’s the only way and after we are done, Steve can call the cops on the other remaining guys.”
“Yah so what is your plan?”
“I am going to find a weak point in the fence and hoop it, you find the back yard entrance gate, such places always have one, wait for me there I will open the gate for you and we can get in. Do not worry about security cameras, Steve will take care of it, he is the best.”
“Okay.”
He took off his sweater and gave it to her, then he pulled her closer, “be safe out there and we shall revisit our earlier conversation later.” He kissed her then he was out of the car.
She disembarked and put on his sweater, smelled so much like him so she pulled it closer and she started walking like she was just a passerby. When she got to the furthest corner she made a sharp turn and kept walking around the perimeter until she came upon the gate and waited. Seemed like the gate used by the support staff, it was not as closely guarded as the main gate.
So she stood and waited for him and as she waited she started thinking about what he said. Did he actually love her or did he just want someone she represented? Could she trust that whatever he wanted with her was real? She was not sure but she knew that she loved him already.
Loved the fact that he was always willing to drop everything and come to her rescue.
Loved the fact that he knew she loved roses.
Loved the fact that he was there for her.
She was just not sure she could believe it.
The gate opened and suddenly he was standing there beckoning at her, she went fast, trying to be as quiet as possible.
“Where did you get the key?” She whispered.
“Let’s just say there is an unconscious guard somewhere right now,” he said and she giggled.
“Bad ass.” The loopy feeling was returning.
“We have to hurry we do not have much time. I will take care of the guys guarding the bomb, I want you to sneak on board and work on dismantling it.”
“Okay I will get it done.”
“Let’s go,” he held her hand and guided her to the parking lot and it was not difficult to find the van. There was no one around but she would bet they were nearby watching. They hurried forward and he opened the van door, pushed her in and closed the door after her.
She could hear grunting outside and she wanted to be out there helping Hunter but she knew what she had to do, so she blocked out everything else and concentrated on her masterpiece.
They say too many cooks spoil the broth but Abdul had done a pretty good job of completing the bomb, even added a timer and it did not help that her headache was coming back in full swing.
She mastered up all the energy she had left and started studying it. She took out her knife and cut the green wire, then she followed it all the way back to where it was joined to the orange wire and cut that too. Many people thought that after cutting one wire and the timer stopped counting they were safe, not knowing that most of the time the timer was just a decoy and the actual timer was face down on the bomb. She knew that because it was her design.
Releasing a sigh of relief she took out a tissue paper and started wiping down her prints in case they could not carry it out. She wiped down everywhere and by the time she was finishing the headache was worse and she could not see straight. She tried to get up and go help Hunter or warn him that she was going to faint but she did not make it to the door.
She face planted, throwing the doors open so half of her was in the car while the other half dangled out. She was so out of it she did not even notice.



















CHAPTER NINETEEN

Hunter’s heart had only ever stopped one time he could remember in history. That one time was the most horrifying ten minutes of his life, before something died inside him.
Today as he watched Eve collapse from the van he could swear his heart stopped beating and he was back to the moment where he watched her burn alive and he could nothing about it. 
The pain of a bullet slicing through his leg shocked him awake and he realized that he still had one person awake trying to kill him. He had managed to take out one before Eve collapsed. Now all he wanted was to carry her and run with her in his arms to the hospital.
She had to be alive, she had to survive.
With that mantra ringing in his mind he pulled his gun and aimed it directly at the head of the man who shot him and pulled the trigger.
If he was going to get away this was the best time before hotel security and police detained them, going back to the back gate was not an option, it was too far away. So he got into the back of the van and pulled Eve in, got into the driver seat and speed for main entrance.
“Steve I will need an extraction plan, I am sure the police will be on me in the next five minutes and I need to get Eve to the hospital,” he called it in when he found his phone after clearing through with the main gate. People had cleared away when he came speeding for the gate but he knew the police had already been called in.
With the Kenyan police known to shoot first and ask questions later he did not want to risk Eve’s life.
She had to make it out alive, she had to survive.
“I have a plan but you won’t like it,” Steve answered.
“Just do it.”
“And Hunter, I can only extract one person.” He did not have to say it, he knew his chances of making it out alive without being arrested were probably nil.
“Just do it. I will be fine.”
“Okay drive to the bridge just past Pangani you will find an extraction team waiting, you have to keep going thou to distract the police from following her.”
“I know,” After a second silence, “And Steve thanks for everything, take care of her. I love her man.”
“I will.” Then the call disconnected.
They did not have to say it, they knew that that was the only goodbye they were going to say.
He looked back at Eve still unconscious; he could feel her heartbeat; this was the second hardest thing he ever had to do.

 














CHAPTER TWENTY

Eve had never loved the theatre, the loud music, overacted scripts and under talented actors never appealed to her. Instead she was the more level headed, calm and smooth person who would attend jazz sessions and this spoke to her personality too. 
She did not like drama, in fact you bring drama to her and she would ran away so fast your ears would flap with the wind. So the fact that she was here openly sobbing her heart out while other people watched, was so not her cup of tea, but she could not help it.
The moment she woke up she had asked for him.
Jess had evaded the question plying her with more sleeping pills, food and telling her to rest some more. Until today.
Today she had put her foot down and demanded that Jess tell her the truth so Jess had shown her the video of police chasing Hunters van which had ended up in the bottom of Nairobi River before it exploded. She gasped as she watched the video and as soon as it ended she asked, “Did he make it?” even though she knew the answer.
Jess did not have to answer her, the look on her face said it all. That was when the sobbing started and for some reason they could not stop. 
She could not loss him, she had just found him.
She had not even told him that she loved him even though he was crazy.
He had said he was immortal but it had been three days since and he had not shown up, that meant he was actually gone.
That thought made her cry even harder.
This was all her fault, if she had not built that bomb they would all not be in trouble right now and Hunter would not be dead.
She cried until she was all out of tears and the nurse came in to give her some sedatives to calm her down a little bit. 
When she woke up, it was three hours later and Jess had her discharge papers ready, so she got dressed and they left. It felt so mechanical, like she was just going through the motion but she was not there.
Even thou Steve was in a wheel chair he was great help and when she got to her house he had changed the locks and there were security cameras installed in front of her house.
“Do you need anything?” Jess asked as she fluffed her pillow for the third time.
“You really should go, I will be fine,” she was worried her friend was overdoing it, “I will just watch some tv and fall asleep.”
Jess wringing her hands in front of her; it was her nervous tick; “Maybe I can join you and we can watch it together.”
Eve looked at Steve pleadingly, all she needed was some time alone to process everything and Jess needed someone to look out for her. He got her message, “Jess why don’t we go get some fries at Chicken Inn and then we can bring Eve some, I am sure she is hungry.”
“Yah, yah I did not think of that, let’s go,” she grabbed her purse and was out of the house before they could blink.
“Thank you,” she whispered.
“Welcome.” He answered right before Jess came back in, “Chap chap soldier we do not have all night.”
“Wait a minute woman if you remember I cannot walk,” Steve answered.
“Spare me, I have seen you move faster than me,” Jess said as she held the door open for him. Eve listened to their banter recede as they made their way down the corridors.
She smiled, those two would make great friends. 
She had barely dozed off when someone knocked on the door.
“Go away,” she called out. Steve and Jess could not be back that fast and she did not know anyone she wanted to meet right now.
The knocking persisted.
Irritated she stalked to the door and yanked it open, “What!”
When she recognized who was on the other side of the door she said, “Fainting,” then she was out.
 If she kept going like this she would need to start walking with smelling salts in her pocket.






















CHAPTER TWENTY ONE

Hunter had expected different reactions to him being alive but an unconscious woman again was not one of them. Lifting her he carried her slowly to the bed and laid her down gently. Even if she was just from the hospital and worse for wear she looked really beautiful and he felt his heart fill as he looked at her. She was it for him. The love of his life.
She woke up about five minutes later and looked up at him, then she launched herself at him until she was straddling and hugging him at the same time. “It’s really you? You are really here, am not dreaming right?” she whispered silent tears streaming down her cheeks.
“Yah it’s really me, I am here.” He whispered back as he pulled her closer, inhaling her scent. She smelt so good, like miracles and good tidings.
“If you ever do that to me, I will kill you myself,” she said looking at him.
Smiling, “I’d like to see you try.”
“Shut up,” she said and then she kissed him. In that kiss she poured everything she felt, all the love she felt, the passion and he reciprocated in kind. Then the intensity of the kiss simmered until they were just tasting and licking and teasing each other. He wanted to explore every inch of her mouth but it felt like her neck was calling so he started exploring that instead, placing light kisses along her neck and when she moaned he felt it to his toes. 
This was what he wanted, he wanted to be the one who makes love to her for the rest of their lives.
“God I missed you,” she said as she leaned her head back to allow him more access.
“I have missed you too, I have waited a hundred years for this.”
Some part of him wanted to go fast, but he wanted to take his time, savor this moment.
She placed her hands under his shirt and he helped her get it off, then they were struggling with her shirt. She was not wearing a bra and finally he could see her breasts and it was glorious. He wanted to taste them so he took one in his mouth and she moaned again. Those low moans that made him want to throw her on the bed and just forget everything. Bury himself in her.
He took the other breast in his hand and she grind on him, his hips lifted slightly to meet her halfway. He wanted her and he wanted her now, so he flipped her over so she was on her back and he was on top of her.
Their chest touched for the first time as he kissed her and the flesh to flesh contact was like a bolt to his brain. He heard a groan and he was not sure who groaned but at the moment he did not care.
She felt so good.
He moved her so there cores were in line and the only thing separating them were their jeans and moved his hip slightly.
He had not come in his pants since the first time he had touched a girls breasts but he was sure that today he was going to come in his pants again. He devoured her lips as he ground into her one more time and she lifted her hips to meet him.
He did not know what clued him that someone was watching them it was just a feeling at the back of his head. He tried to pull away but she protested as she pulled him closer, until they heard someone clear their throats then she let him go.
He was going to kill whoever it was.
“Have you ever heard of locking the door,” Steve said and they turned to find him next to a very uncomfortable Jess.
He felt his boner die down.
He turned back to Eve who was still beneath him, he looked into her eyes and promised, “We will take this up later.”
She nodded, she looked so sexy with her lips full from his kissing and he was seriously considering ignoring their friends and just finishing what they had started.
He placed a soft kiss on her lips and stood up, putting his shirt on then throwing Eve hers. He stood in front of her as she put it on, he loved his friend but if he ogled Eve’s breasts he was going to kill him.
“Well well, you look good for a dead man.”
“What can I say, death suits me.”
























CHAPTER TWENTY TWO

When they went to get food they did not expect Hunter to be there so they only bought food for three people, so they decided to spread it all out in the table and share. There were plenty of chicken pieces so they were going to be fine for dinner or as Hunter called it for “snack time.”
Even as they sat at the table he pulled her stool closer to his and draped his hand at the back of her shoulder. After a few minutes of trying to get comfortable she stopped and hopped onto his lap. They ate in silence for about five minutes and then Steve asked, “So what happened out there? We all thought that you were gone for sure.”
“Yah I think I was too, I just drop off the bridge and after that everything is kind of hazy until I woke up in a cave somewhere, I then retraced my steps back here.”
“You were so lucky, the river probably carried you way up there.” Jess said.
“Yah I was lucky, what happened to the other terrorists?”
“I called the cops on them and they were swept up in a single raid.”
“And at the hotel?”
“I covered your tracks the best way I know how but I am not sure you are one hundred percent on the clear about that, but for now no one is looking for you.”
“Yah we shall deal with any problems when they pop up.”
They then ate, making small talk and laughing over childhood stories about Eve. 
“I bet we better get going, I will drop Jess off home before I go home.”
“Thanks,” Eve said, she stretched out across the table and took Jess’s hand in hers, “hey do not worry I am going to be fine. Go home get some sleep.”
“If you need anything do not hesitate to call me.”
She gave it a little squeeze then sat up, “I won’t.”
Hunter pulled her closer, “I will make sure she is fine; do not worry.”
“Okay we are leaving now, and do not do anything I won’t do.” Jess said picking up her purse from the table.
Eve picked up the table cloth balled it up and threw it at her, “Get out.”
Laughing, Jess pushed Steve out and they closed the door behind them.
“With the tendency of people banging into my house, I better go close that door,” she said and when she tried to get up he just tightened his hold on her and fake bite her ear.
“You are not getting away from me that fast.”
Laughing, “Hey did you just bite my ear.”
“Yah and I can think of other places I’d like to bite,” he said moving his eyebrows suggestively.
She pushed at his chest laughing, “I really got to close that door or the next person who will walk in on us will be Nacicu.”
Groaning, “Do not even remind me, okay hurry I am counting to three if you are not back in my arms I am coming for you.”
He set her down and she ran for the door and locked it but instead of coming back to him she just stood there with her back to the door.
He narrowed his eyes at her, “Come back to me.”
She bite her lower lip, shook her head and said, “If you want me come and get me.”
He was out of the stool and in front of her faster than she could giggle.
Looking at her, “God you are beautiful.”
“Kiss me,” she whispered and he obliged. This time around he took his time to taste her, to feel her, to just savor the moment.
“I want you so bad, make love to me Hunter,” she whispered.
Kissing her neck, “I want you too Eve, I need you, I love you so much.”
“I love you too.”
He stopped for a moment, “That is the first time you have said that, say it again.”
She traced the love sign on his chest, “I love you Hunter.”
He took the finger into his hand and kissed her, this time all bets were off. Lifting her she locked her legs on his back and he carried her to bed. When they got there he set her down so she was seated, then helped her take her shirt off.
“Beautiful,” he whispered as he took her left breast in his mouth and encouraged her to lie on her back. She arched her back to allow him better access and she just wanted the feeling to continue. It was like every time he sucked her boobs it was a direct line to her pussy that gave a spasm each time. She wanted him, she wanted to feel him on her, she wanted him to feel her; it was the only way she was ever going to feel whole ever again.
Desperate she tugged at his shirt and he helped her remove it. As he removed it she went for her button of her jeans.
“Remove your trousers too before I rip them off,” it was demanding and she did not care at the moment.
He just smiled his smug smile and slowly like he was giving her a show and she was seated on the bed while he stood infront of her, she was directly in line for the show. He opened the jeans button, lowered the zip and when his trousers fell her lips dried.
She was in awe. She was not a virgin and she enjoyed sex but his cock was just glorious.
Edging forward her eyes fixed on how it seemed so powerful, “Can I touch it.”
“Yah princess,” he took her hand and guided it onto his cock until she was fisting it. She licked her lips, she wanted to taste him and feel how he would taste in her mouth.
He placed one finger under her jaw until she was looking up at him, “Do not look at me that way babe or I might just blow in your hands right now.”
The thought held some appeal and she felt a flash of arousal ran through her, he growled, “Lie back babe.”
She did as he told her, she was socked, she was sure she had never been this turned on in her life.
She parted her knees and he moved forward until he was between her legs, looking at her in the eyes he said, “I have waited so long for this, I am not sure how long I am going to last.”
She did not feel like she could talk at the moment so she just nodded slowly, “I love you,” he said just as he slide his cock in.
She gasped and he groaned, it felt so amazing. It was like they fit perfectly.
For a moment he just stayed still, until she could not take it anymore so she moved a little. He groaned again, “That feels so good,” but he took her cue and started moving.
From there she could not tell you exactly what happened, she was sure she went to heaven saw the angels sing, came back to earth and soared again until she was untouchable. That was the only way she could describe the entire experience and even after they were done and panting like a couple of dogs on heat she could not move. It was like this feeling of pure bliss that you only get after a great orgasm. Or two.
“Am I crushing you?” He asked when he could finally breathe again.
She just shook her head no, she was still out of breath.
He got up to get a wet towel, wiped her up then threw the towel by the bed and spooned with her.
“That was perfect,” she whispered.
“Yah it was perfect,” he whispered back, pulling her closer, “I love you Eve.”
“I love you too Hunter.”
After they were silent for a while she asked “You really did not die in the river, no one would survive what you did.”
Taking a deep breath, “Yah I told you I cannot die.”
She turned to look at him, he took her hands in his until they were intertwined together, “You are not going to grow old.”
“Yah, but I am working on fixing that.”
She looked up at him, “You got a plan?”
“I do,” kissing her lightly, “Get some sleep we will talk about this tomorrow.
Closing her eyes she rested them on his other hand, “Hunter.” She whispered without opening her eyes.
“Do not leave me.”
“Never,” he swore. “Never.”



Did you love Hunter and Eve? Want to read more of their stories and join them in the witch hunt? Then stay turned
CURSED BOOK TWO coming real soon.
Love you guys for reading my books.
















ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Lynn Achieng lives in Nairobi Kenya and comes from a family with many teachers. Being a student of Electrical Engineering she is widely read and struggles to understand what people go through every day.
She started writing romance novels when she was just a little girl and now she spares all the time she can get to develop her writing. She is still new in the publishing world and would appreciate all the reviews on her book. Hopefully this will be the beginning of a beautiful relationship between her and you.
Email her with any concerns or ideas at lynnjoanachieng@gmail.com and she will take the time to reply and appreciate you all.
Thanks.
















SNEEK PEEK INTO OTHER BOOKS BY LYNN ACHIENG

SPIRAL OF CRAZY
SNEEK PEEK
PROLOGUE

You throw a girl out of the window once; you end up in a mental hospital.
It was not like it was even that high up, just from the first floor window.
Some people were just sissy’s, Roxy thought as she paced the room she had been assigned at Mathare Mental Hospital.
Five years she had worked her ass off to be among the best writers of her time and here she was in a mental institution, labeled crazy.
There was no difference between her and the man who walked around naked in the streets. One’s gotta laugh at the irony of the situation. 
“This will be good for you,” her mother had said just an hour ago. “Take some time to be yourself again, find yourself again.”
She got where her mother came from she just did not appreciate it. She could just imagine the news headlines, “Famous Author Roxy Moraa Gone Crazy” “Author Roxy in The Luni Bin”.
She could imagine the news interviews, “So did you think she could snap like this someday?” Some faceless journalist would ask.
The “friend” being interviewed would reply, “Of course just look at chapter eight of her last book, the way she had Eva running around with a knife. It is just a spiral of crazy.” Except that ‘friend’ had known her about a whole thirty minutes.
Her actual friend Rose would be throwing things at the television got despite her sweet disposition she was a fire cracker.
But who would care if the friend talking on television was an actual friend as long as she made the headlines.
“Friends knew that Roxy would one day snap.”
Yeah right.
It would not matter that the woman she had thrown out the window was her boyfriend’s latest squeeze.
Or that she found them banging on her bed, going at it like two wild rabbits. 
Maybe she should have let the woman dress before going all Rambo on her ass. Those cardio kickboxing lessons had worked, Rafe her ex boyfriend as per this morning, had to call the cops.
Like he had not done enough damage already.
Too bad they had not gotten their before she threw them out of the window. She was about to follow her over to finish what she had started when two cops restrained her.
Too say the truth she had not really loved Rafe, it was just the combination of the stress of working so hard on her latest book trying to make it a masterpiece that had gotten to her. 
Seeing them together she had just snapped.
It was like a dam had broken free and rage had flown out. Sweeping.
Maybe just maybe, all she needed was a break.
A new start.
To take the year in the Luni bin to formulate a plan.
Seating down with a sigh on the bed with white sheets; or she had finally gone crazy.
Who knew?





CHAPTER ONE
Blake loved his routine.
Working out, going to work, eating and sleeping at the same time every day.
As his feet pounded down the path he thought of a time when he let passion rule his life.
When he had lived for his desires before he had crashed and burned.
Now his life was predictable and he loved knowing exactly what he was going to do tomorrow those facts filled him with contentment and satisfaction. 
His therapist had said, “develop a routine, it will give you structure, this will help your life get back on track.”
He had taken those words literally.
He came to a stop right outside his front door.
The running each morning helped him, especially on those nights he had nightmares and he could almost hear Mary’s voice.
Shaking himself out of it he picked up his newspaper on his way in. Many people now loved reading news from tablets or their phones; he just loved the smell of the newspaper. Reminded him of his daddy.
As soon as he opened the door his cat Mel ran to the door like he missed him. He knew better Mel was probably just hungry or wanted to slip out between his legs. He was not normally a cat person but when he bought the house, it came with the cat. He did not have the heart to throw him out and the company was not bad.
Being that Mel had been on his own so long he would sneak into the neighbors houses for food even if Blake fed him. The neighbors complained and it had to stop so he started locking him in the house. For the two days sleep was ruined for him as Mel went ahead to rip and knock everything over.
On the third day Blake locked him in the bathroom and that was when they came to an understanding.
As much of an understanding as a cat and man can get.
Mel makes noise, Mel sleeps in the bathroom.
Simple.
He picked up the phone to call his friend Nathan as he got the cat food from the top shelf. 
“Hey lazybones, wake up,” he said as soon as he heard a grunt from the other end of the line.
That was met with more grunting and groaning.
“Waky waky the sun is up.”
“Go fuck yourself,” was the only answer he got to which he burst out laughing. Judging from the groan on the other end of the line or the look Mel gave him, his merriment was not appreciated.
“For your day to be right you have to start it happy,” the voice of his therapist rang out again and he pushed it down. He had faked a lot of happiness until now, but he was actually enjoying waking Nathan up.
“Hey language Mel is listening,” currently Mel was chewing down on his food and would not give a damn if they swore all day.
“You and that damn cat of yours,” Nathan said still grumpy.
“He loves me,” to which Mel released a sigh that sounded so much like yah right. “Anyway get your butt up today we are going hiking remember.”
With a sigh of realization that he was never going to get back to sleep, “You know I could just disconnect this call and go back to bed.”
“I have the coffee ready.”
Suddenly chipper, “Next time lead with that, I’ll be there in five minutes.” Then he was gone.
Placing the phone down with a chuckle, “Man he was easy.”
Exactly five minutes later Nathan burst in through the back door chanting coffee coffee coffee.
Standing next to the kitchen island he watched his friend assault his coffee maker, “Good morning to you too.”
“Asshole,” was the only answer he got as he filled his cup up.
“Now that is so much better,” Nathan said after finishing up the whole cup in three gulps.
“You swear too much for a cop,” Blake replied, “and does the coffee not burn you? That thing was hot.”
Raising one finger, “first I swear the right amount for a cop to put up the type of crap I put up with in a day.” Pausing, “Second, I have developed a tolerance for hot coffee.”
Laughing, “So what has put you in an extra grumpy mood this morning?”
Filling his cup again he took a seat on the stool next to where Blake was standing.
“One word, Mrs. Iffy.”
Chuckling, “technically that is two words,” to which he got a murderous glare. “Okay what did she do this time?”
“Took a frying pan to Mr. Iffy for not putting the toilet seat down. When I got there she was running after him around the coffee table shouting about air bacteria and viruses.”
By the time he was done Blake was bent over laughing so hard. This was why he woke up Nathan in the morning there was always a funny story.
Chuckling Nathan added, “One day those two will end up killing each other, not from one hitting the other but from all the running around they do. They are eighty they should be seated somewhere knitting and chewing tobacco.”
Wiping a tear, “That would be the day.”
“Speaking of which I hear they have a niece coming to town this weekend,” Nathan said trying to look non chlochant, “Maybe you two will hit it off.”
He had not dated since Mary passed away five years ago and he could not blame his friend for trying to help but he was not ready. He still needed more time.
The easy mood lost, “Yah maybe,” he moved to the sink.
“Man it has been five years, it’s time to move on and maybe a stranger here for the holidays is just what you need.”
Jaw tightening he placed the cup down with more force than necessary, “Not interested.” For a minute or two there was silence and tension.
Trying to lighten the mood Blake turned around, “Maybe she is as crazy as her aunt and uncle.”
Chuckling, “Maybe even crazier.”
To that they burst out laughing.
Easy mood restored.
What they did not count on thou was Nathan being right.


















FOREVER US

BOOK SUMMARY
A trip back home turns to be more than she bargained for.......
Sasha loves her village and all the people even though they tend to stick their noses where they do not belong. She has a lot of problems in her life and is tired of fighting. For the first time in years when she goes back home she finds Logan a ghost from the forgotten past....
Well forgotten to others......
Logan has come back home with one goal in mind to help Sasha face her fears and bring back the girl who used to fight for herself. Maybe along the way make her fall in love with him again. Will he manage to convince her that she is worthy and that they deserve a second chance? Or is he reaching for the impossible.
Whatever the cost he is all in.......













SNEEK PEEK 
FOREVER US
PROLOGUE

As the DJ cranked the music up to hip hop, Sasha Aludbe shook her ass regardless of the fact that her dancing and music were not even close to being in sync. It was so long since she had felt this freedom, so long before she’ll feel it again. Sasha felt her heart beat steadily to Wiz Khalifa’s work hard, play hard. She felt the sweat trickle down the open back of her black dress. 
The effects of the black ice she had downed so far were seeping through her blood to her system into her brain. She felt it all, and it was just exhilarating, for the first time in four months she was free. 
Time to change the steady twist of her ass into slow adulations of her waist as the DJ played Eminem’s No love. Ok, the song was not danceable, but she did not care. Each word, each beat resounded in her brain. She felt a man’s hand around her waist just as the DJ picked up the beat. So she as she picked up the steady shaking of her ass on his groin. 
She did not care who he was she was here to have fun. Taking a deep breath after the song came to an end she pulled away sweating and breathless. He tried to talk to her, but she ignored him and made her way back to her table. When she got back, she pulled the first long sip of her drink before smiling to her cousin and partner in crime this evening.
“You were having fun,” she said with a knowing smile.
Looking at her with appreciation she answered, “Yeah I was. It was incredible and long overdue.”
Rolling her eyes,” to think I had to drag you out of bed.”
“Ok ok I get it thanks, you my dear are the best cousin ever,” she said throwing her hands around her cousin's shoulders.
“And you my dear are sweaty and smelly,” she responded trying to disengage herself from the hug.
“Oh no you don’t,” holding on tighter, “this is fun you are smelling take it in. Breath deep.”
Laughing at the expression of horror on her cousin's face Sasha removed her hands.
“Why aren’t you out there shaking your assets? You look great in that blue dress by the way.”
Sasha asked her.
Flipping her hair dramatically, “Ooh stop it.”
“Show off,” she said fake punching her cousin on the shoulder.
Their bantering slowly died off as they resumed drinking in silence.
“How are you holding up?” her cousin finally asked her. The last four months had been rough what with her stepdad going to prison, children picking on her sister, a mob trying to burn down her mother’s house until she had to take care of her kid sister. Cold shivers ran down her body just thinking about it.
Giving her a small smile that she hoped like hell her cousin bought, “Am fine, I’ll always be fine.”
As if seeing through her act she just nodded, “If you need anything, anything at all just call me.”
She tried to hold back tears threatening to flow, “Thanks.” She would not cry. She had cried enough for a lifetime.
Laughing through a sniffle that had escaped she raised her bottle in cheers, “To a better end of year.”
Her cousin raised her bottle and was about to say something when she remained frozen. Her eyes were wide with shock as if she had seen a ghost.
Before she could turn back to look, she heard the voice she thought she would never hear ever again, “Hello princess.”
It seemed like the year just kept serving her shit.
 Serving her even the dead.

INTROSPECT
BOOK SUMMARY
All Alexander Hart wants do is to bury herself in so much pain she does not feel or hear the Voice of guilt anymore. The only person she ever loved was dead and with a childhood past still haunting her she wants nothing more than to just end it.
But she made a promise. 
And she never breaks her promises.
Ever. 
Brandon just wants to go on with his life, maybe even find a nice lady and settle down with God by their side. What he does not count on is having to rescue a crazy woman over and over from herself.
What he does not really expect is to fall for her.
She becomes his life.
He becomes her hope….












SNEEK PEEK 
INTROSPECT
PROLOGUE

He did not hold back any punches or cut her any slack and that was why she loved him. He knew when the demons from the past came calling she just wanted to fight and she wanted it dirty and bloody. Many times they had carried each other to the emergency room after; both limping and holding their bruised ribs as they used the other for support.
Having him always there for support was the other reason she loved him. He was her rock and she was his. No matter what they had a pact. She was his ride or die bitch.
Now was one of those moment she felt as if an animal had taken over her and she just wanted to beat the hell out of something. To draw blood. As Ivan shifted front and back trying to find his stance she threw the first punch. She knew it was not fair but she did not care. She also knew for sure tomorrow her hands would be sore because she had no gloves on. Catching her off guard still thinking about her bruised hands he landed a punch on her jaw. The pain split through her bones and she felt it explode through her skull like fireworks. Pain was good at least she was feeling something now. Pain she understood. Pain she was familiar with.
Smiling in spite of the pain she said, “Nice touch.”
With the smile of almost an animal stalking his prey, “You talking or you fighting.”
She threw the next punch and he ducked and that was when it started. In her head she was not fighting Ivan the love of her life. In her head she was taking back control of her life. She was taking back control from her father. As he landed a kick on her ribs she something burst inside her and all she could see was her father standing over her mother as if in triumph after beating her to a plump. As the pain of jab after jab gushed through her it was as if her father was dragging her out of bed and landing punches after punches on her little defenseless body. But this time she was not defenseless or weak or just stupid. This time she knew how to fight and she was protecting herself. As she landed a few jabs and kicks of her own making sure to miss most of the once he was throwing, she felt good. She was in control and no one was taking that away from her. Never ever again.
He was tall, strong and had years of rugby training but she was fast, little and after years and years of self defense classes she could handle herself. They went at it for almost an hour bringing each other down in turns. He tried to throw a kick but she had left him the opening on purpose. So when he went for it she just launched on his shoulder and used it to propel herself onto his neck. Soon they were down and they just lay on the ground panting and hurting like hell but smiling. They just didn’t have the energy to stand for another round. She knew Ivan also had his own demon to fight that was why they were so good together. They each had their own past to contend with.
“You ok down there,” he asked she could hear the smile in his voice.
Groaning when she tried to get up and felt her ribs hurting like hell, “am fine just don’t know if I’ll be able to breathe tomorrow you got my ribs real good.”
Laughing then groaning as if that laughing was painful he said, “You got my jaw real good. Tomorrow we are going to look like a bunch of banged up cars and after your last stunt I do not even think I can move my neck tomorrow.”
Trying to laugh at him but it hurt like hell she answered, “We call the ambulance or you think we can drag each other to the hospital.”
“I’ll always choose to drag you to the hospital princess.”
“You are the only guy I know who after taking a beating from a girl can call her princess.”
“Yah because am the only guy who can love you,” they both fell silence as they acknowledged the truth in that statement. Despite the pain he stretched his arm and she took his hand into hers and they intertwined their fingers together. “The only guy who loves you so much it actually hurts.”
With that statement they closed their eyes and just lay there relishing the pain. Letting it spread through them because it was the only thing they knew. The only thing they trusted. The only thing that was familiar.
Since everything seemed ok it was almost two hours before they made it to the hospital.
Yet it was too late for him.
The last words before he flat lined had been, “I love you so much princess.”
She had stood there as if in shock not wanting to believe that it was actually happening to her.
She had killed the love of her life.
She had killed him.
She had killed love.

















SNEEK PEEK
BLOOM
JERKINS
This morning could not come any earlier for him; he had felt restless all night only falling asleep for about two hours before he bolted up awake again. Almost losing Linda had made him realize just how stupid he had been in keeping up with a sham of engagement. Actually he had realized it before and broken it off and was looking for a way to apologize to Linda when he got the phone call.
He could not forget that moment it was as if his heart dropped to his shoes when he had the news and all the way to the hospital he was chanting, please let her be okay.
God had answered his prayers and he was not going to lose her again, not ever even if he had to tie her to his side. That was why not spending the night by her side did not bode well with him but he needed to come up with a strategy on how to tell her how he felt. After screwing up a simple I love you was not going to cut it, he had to do it big and convince her to take a chance on him.
His first alarm rang and he was off the bed, first visiting hours were at eight and if he hurried he would be there thirty minutes early. Maybe he could charm the nurses with his celebrity status to let him see her before her family got there. What he had to do was best done in private.
For some unknown reason he was not surprised to meet Ken by the elevators, they were all in the same hotel. They did not speak just nodded at each other as they got into the elevator and pressed the ground button. They kept the same silence all the way to the hospital and Ken even stopped with him when he purchased some flowers.
He appreciated the effort he was making to accommodate him even if they did not voice it.
When they got to the hospital door he turned to Ken, “Buy me five minutes.” He did not know if it would work but he had to give sneaking in a shot.
“Five minutes,” Ken said as he stalked off to go charm the nurse on duty.
He even managed to sneak past the desk guard who was busy dozing off and he made it to the room Linda was assigned. As he opened the door he smiled, he felt good about this, and this was the beginning of their love story. The door swung open and the first thing he noticed was that the bed was empty.
No, this could not be happening. He closed the door again to recheck the room number; yeah he had the correct room. He heard a whimper that seemed like a hurt dog nearby as a sob wrenched from deep within, the only reason the room would be empty...
No, no, he could not finish that thought, she was fine. She had to be fine, they had forever together.
He did not even hear the footsteps coming up behind him as Ken approached saying, “Hey buddy your five minutes are up.
He turned around, he was sure he looked like someone shell shocked.
“Empty,” he whispered hoarsely then blankness just embraced him and he was out.















SNEEK PEEK
DADDY CRUSH
LUCKY SERIES #3
BOOK SUMMARY
Normal people do not just go into the hospital and come back out with babies especially if they are men and they do not know the baby…….
That was the life of Leo a retired navy officer who just wants to enjoy life in solitude until on a routine check he ends up with a baby he did not expect or want. A woman who had come into the hospital wounded claimed that he was her husband and just from the desperate look in her eyes he found himself agreeing. So when the baby mama died he ended up with a baby he did not know where to begin from. Unknowledgeable about kids he would rather assemble guns, plus a baby leads to a daddy crush as they figure it out.
Sabrina knows her sister was in trouble again and when she had called him she took the first bus to the city. When she called and no one picked the phone she knew she was too late for her. Now she has to trace her sister’s steps and find her niece or nephew. When she finally finds Leo will she tell him who she is? Will she help him or just pick up the baby and run……………….








SNEEK PEEK
Chapter three

Present day.
When you find yourself peeping into a man’s house from the bush is when you start questioning all your life choices.
“If you want I can just come down there and steal that baby for you,” Roxy said and she knew for her she actually could.
“No thanks just let me handle this in a civilized way. I will just go there and explain to him that I am the relative of that baby and then he will hand him over and we shall walk away,” it felt like a cliché talking about civilization while she was a grown ass woman peeping at his house from behind the bush.
“He could be an axe welding murder or just a baby hogging madman,” trust her friend to have an over active imagination.
Rolling her eyes even thou she was sure her friend could not see her, “Yes all those are real possibilities.”
“Am serious thou if I do not hear from you in the next thirty minutes am coming down there.”
“I can live with that,” she said but Sabrina still did not hang up, talking to her friend calmed her down.
“Rose did a lot of stupid things but this is by far the most stupid thing she ever did,” Roxy added and she did not disagree with her.
Her parents had named her young sister Rose and they had adored her and spoilt her rotten. They had been trying to get a second baby for a while that when she finally came there was celebration. Then when they died it was just the two of them and she kind of picked up from where they left off. By then she was only seventeen and had to raise a ten year old child. When the social services came she pretended she was eighteen so that they would not take her sister away from her. Her parents had been cleaver enough to weasel some cash away for them. Thou it was not much but plus the odd jobs she could get they managed just fine. Rose had never lacked for anything she had made damn sure of that.
Sometimes she thought that she and her parents were actually responsible for the way Rose ended up. She had done so much shit in her life sometimes even disappearing for days on end but she always knew Sabrina would be there for her. So when she had called this time she thought it was just normal sister act until the next day when she called again. To tell her that she was pregnant and heading to the hospital to give birth. Would she please meet her there?
 
She had taken the first bus to the city. Only she was still too late to save her baby sister this time.
Guilt ate at her, maybe if she had arrived sooner, looked for her more she would not be dead.
Tears she did not know were falling slipped down her cheeks,” I still can’t believe she is gone,” they took a moment just to reflect. Taking a deep breath, “Yet this is not the time to be sad I have a little baby waiting for me to rescue her.” 
Roxy, “Go get them tiger, and remember am here for you.”
As she disconnected the call she was grateful she had a friend like Roxy by her side. She did not know what she would have done without her in the last ten years.
Taking a deep breath she turned to face the house, “well here goes nothing.”
*******
Leo was a reasonable and responsible man, he did his duties when he was a kid and when he was in the navy he always had his fellow sailors back. Out there alone with the threat of attack or being high jacked was a real possibility so they always had to be ready. He could work two days straight with only coffee as a backup. Hell he ran five miles daily no problem.
Yet the baby that had been crying continuous for the last two hours put him on edge. Several times he wanted to just pick her up and place her outside. Or drop her off at the nearest hospital. Or better yet just call the policemen and tell them the truth that he had technically kidnapped a baby from the hospital. All those were better options than listening to baby Bella cry over and over again for no reason. Every time he thought about it all he saw were the mother’s desperate eyes so he continued to rock her as he paced around.
It was as if she knew that her mama was dead. As if she knew that he did not have a clue about what he was doing. The lady at the store had shown him how to change diapers and mix her food when he went to pick up supplies. He thought he had done it right, making sure the milk was at the right temperature before feeding her.
Suddenly she burped and just like that stopped crying and fell asleep.
Peace at last, he thought with a sigh. Slowly he placed her on the bed where he had shoved chairs around to keep her from rolling off. If she was going to live here he had to get her a crib soon
After placing her very gently on the bed afraid sudden movements would wake her up, he just sat by the bedside looking at her. Poor baby, she had a tough life ahead of her, he thought. He just hoped the demons of the mama’s past would not come to haunt her in future.
He would protect her the best way he could, he thought as he stood up and started to straighten up. It was amazing how quickly a house could get dirty with a baby in it. They had only been around two hours and it was like everything was dirty. He liked his house clean, he was not OCD by any chance, the Navy had just taught him that everything had its place. He loved everything being in its rightful place.
He was cleaning up the kitchen sink when the doorbell rung. Afraid it would wake up Bella after it had taken him hours to put her to sleep he rushed to answer.
A short, curvaceous woman holding two paper bags stood by the door. The first thing he noted about her was that she looked harassed.
Before he could ask her if he could help her she had shouldered her way in.
“Well hope you are hungry, I make a mean pancake,” she said as she proceeded to the kitchen as if she owned the place. He was still standing there gapping after her when he had pans move around in the kitchen.
Well it seemed today was the day strange people walked into his life, he thought as he closed the door and followed her to the kitchen.
This ought to be interesting.
SNEEK PEEK 
TRUDGING THROUGH 24
CHAPTER ONE
SIMPLE FACTS
There was one article published that being twenty four is the hardest part of life. I am inclined to believe that article. After all the article was written by a scientist and science is never wrong.
The one thing I wish I was taught when I was younger was that no one will ever save you. You have to save yourself.
People will let you down and break your heart.
It is going to happen and when you are down there, they will give you advice that you do not want to listen too.
You are not the first to go through this.
He was not worth it.
Like that is going to help with the pain. I know he was not worth it why do you think am coiled up here bawling my eyes out like a baby on PCP? Dumbass.
So today right here right now I am here to tell you that it will get better. I know I know I am one of the dumbasses.
It has to get better or what is even the point in the pain anyway? What is the lesson I am supposed to learn from this? What is the point to life? What is my purpose?
When I was sixteen I knew what I wanted to be, exactly what I was going to be.
 I was going to be a neuroseurgeon like Ben Carson, ok maybe I do not know the correct spelling for neurosurgeon that does not mean I would not have made a damn good one. Probably I would have been the very best.  The field of medicine lost a great doctor the day I did not pass my exam enough to join the medical school. There loss. Or so I keep telling myself.
The moment I turned eighteen years old all my problems started.
 I just wish someone could take me back to that moment I stepped out of high school with all the knowledge I have now. Trust me the world has not been a soft teacher. It’s like the aspect of teach her and let her learn at her own pace left when I was a child. Right now it’s more like teach her and flog her until she learns the lesson. 
Adulthood; I am rolling my eyes right now.
When I was a child I had such simple goals.
I wanted to be an adult so that I could get the drumstick part of the chicken. That part was reserved for the adults, us kids were served the wings and if people were many, legs. Another reason I wanted to be an adult was so that I could get to put as much sugar in tea as possible. My mum used to put sugar when she was cooking so no matter how little she put that was all you were getting. Touching the sugar dish resulted in flogging of a lifetime. I used to feel like I was being punished and given tasteless tea.
 Right now I drink tea with no sugar and it is my choice. That says something about life ironies. 
So we have come to the decision that I did not want so much as a kid, if you would have given me ten chicken drumsticks and a bag full of sugar I would be a very happy kid. 
When I was in my teens all I wanted was to be a doctor and I also failed to achieve that so there is that. But now that I hear doctors are on strike for poor pay I am like maybe it was for the best.
What has the world come to when doctors and pilots are striking? Those were the jobs we were told as kids to work hard for. When you were found sketching out a drawing in the corner somewhere it was torn in pieces and a science book shoved in your hand. Like drawing is bad, reading science to be doctor good. Now to see all the doctors running and throwing stones at the government I am like you are supposed to be the smartest of us. What’s up with that?
Okay I am rumbling back to the point.
What was I even talking about?	
Ooh right, the terrors of being a twenty four year old girl or is it woman?
That’s even confusing. Just like everything about the age itself.
Okay so I was saying that this was the age I thought I would be graduating with a degree in Engineering. Very fancy right?  I thought so too. 
When I did not get into medicine I thought hey why not go for the second best. Engineering. It did not matter that it had two of the things that scared me most in life. Wires and electricity.  
I was never a curious kid; not in any aspect of life. When mum said do not watch the soap opera in the television when I am gone I watched cartoon until she came back. Okay maybe I peeked a little but I absolutely did not watch it. 
Dad said do not touch my stuff when I am away I would just rearrange it so that I could wipe the table. But whatever I saw when I was cleaning does not count. Okay maybe I was nosy but I was never curious about how the television worked or even the principle behind how the iron box worked. 
As long as it worked I was happy and my solution to all the not working stuff? Hit it till it works. With four years of education tucked under my belt in engineering school that is still my number one policy. Works like a charm.
Look at me rumbling again.
So we have established am not really a good student.
Twenty four was supposed to be my year of graduating and getting my first job and moving out on my own and being my own woman. Then life happened. And it always happens in order.
•     First on the list, after high school there are boys. There is just that one boy who has also finished high school and he loves you so much he is going to build you a house. You will have 2.5 kids and live happily ever after. You are happy, he is happy. Clouds are flouting all over and everything is rainbows and unicorns and ice-cream. Nothing can ever beat ice-cream. I am here to tell you Bullshit. It’s all bullshit. 
He will get your virginity maybe even give you a kid if you are unlucky. Then he will skip out on you. Ooh some stick around, for a year or so then like smoke gone. I know its harsh honey but reality sucks just got to get used to it now.
Then from there your life goes downhill and it always goes down in three ways. People love having options so I am giving you some;
1)     You love the guy he leaves you not now maybe, but soon. Look out it’s always around the corner.
2)     He gets you pregnant and leaves or uses the kid as an excuse to come back to your life after he left and be like that is my kid I have a right to be in his life. Then he messes up your life for six months then he leaves again. Okay why was this not option one?
3.)     You realize the greatest thing in life is sex and you want to have it as often as you can with as many men as you can.
Ha-ha none of this happened to me, especially not number three. Wink wink.
Anyway from that its downhill you go and before you know it you are asking yourself who am I? What are my principles? When did my life get here?
•     Second on the list are people and parents. They have expectations, they have advice and most important they know more than you do. They are great; especially our parents come on without them we will not be here.
Okay what was I talking about? The landlord came by with a bunch of forms for me to fill. 
Landlords. Forms. Bureaucracy. Triple eye roll. 
If I deviate from the topic again bear with me.
Okay parents. They are great people. They have feed you, clothed you and put a roof over your head for twenty four years. If you are still living at home raise your hands. I am. Points to them when you get home drunk in the morning and you pretend you are not drunk they believe you. Or pretend to believe you. Come on they were not born yesterday.
Parents are great all round. 
But then in comes the expectations.
And more expectations.
Especially if you are a good kid and passed your exams. I am like why is life punishing me for being smart. I did everything right, I woke up at four took a cold shower and slept very late just so I could finish that assignment. 
Okay this was before I realized that there are romantic novels, I did all that but this time just to finish that one more book. Ha-ha. 
Novels are the greatest thing on earth. And coffee is great too. Novels plus coffee equals pure bliss.
Where was I again? This book is as confused as me.
Okay so I did everything right and achieved all I could in life at that time. I joined engineering school and people be looking at me like you are doing engineering that is so awesome you are so smart. Parents are looking at you like you are going to get a really good job. Cha-Ching. All our problems are over my daughter is smart. 
I am like hello guy’s school is kicking my butt all the way through Sunday. I do not even know if I will graduate in the first place. All the fails I see on the notice board when I go to look at my results can make a girl blind. 
And people be like she is going to get a first class honor work at Safaricom be rich and live in some really big building. You are so great.
I should point it out to them that there are no jobs in Kenya; some people tarmac for five years before they are employed. Others end up counting cars for twelve hundred or twelve dollars a day. I did not totally do that recently. Sigh.
As a people pleaser all I want to do is do better be better, but I can’t. Not that I do not want to. Maybe if I want to I can study more so that my grades would not have so many fails. Sigh. 
Someone hide me in there country.
•      Third thing on their list is money and odd jobs; they literally run away from you and you have got to be creative to make even a little. You are grown up now so no one gives you money anymore for small things. Ever.
You want that pretty pink perfume that is just 500 shillings? Isn’t it just pretty? We all want it, deal with it, you are not getting it unless you raise your own money. And trust me when you work for that money you will not buy a perfume. Too painful. So it ends up being a full cycle. Life. Sigh. 
You hear people have stolen millions even billions and you are like where have this people got all this money from? I also want to steal some please. I do not have money for dinner and I do not know the last time I had some water. Am so thirsty and some idiot goes ahead to steal millions and billions of taxpayer’s money! 
What really pisses me off is that you hear doctors have gone on strike. People are dying in hospitals and new born babies are dying as soon as they are born. They are innocent they did not do anything to deserve what they are going through and you find some idiot stole health care money and am like really fool. Really!
You steal money the doctors do not get paid a new born child dies. You killed that baby. You actually strangled them. You steal money; new equipment not delivered an old man fighting for life gets dead. You are a murderer.
You monster.
Then the people’s choice seat there and be like we are looking into it. You are looking into crap.
You are crap.
The opposition be like; we told you so your government is crap.
 I am like; we know you know. Do something about it don’t just stand there and do nothing, 
And opposition be like; they choose. 
We know we are stupid, you know we are stupid. Help us before we decide to help our self.
Government. Eye roll.
Politics. Triple eye roll.
Just look at that adorable face you killed.
Please do not come for me at my door. I have security cameras. (Laughing like it’s a conspiracy.)
I love the truth.
Okay where was I? Am so sorry I got sidetracked.
I was giving you advice on how to go through the most difficult age on earth. 
Okay those are the three major points you need to navigate that if you manage this life would be better. Find a way I do not believe in much but I do believe in you. You are a champion. Okay am done for today see you tomorrow. 
Sorry to some famous writer who said I had to get to ten pages a day I got tired and am hungry. Tullos. Is that even how that is spelled? Who cares? Food and movies await my return. I never learn. Sigh.
Okay I went to buy food and I followed some mad man home. Tell you all about it tomorrow. Goodnight. 

