
CUTTERS
VS.
JOCKS

A Prequel Novella to
BINDING ARBITRATION


by
ELIZABETH MARX



SmashWords Edition
CUTTERS VS. JOCKS Copyright © 2011 Elizabeth Marx

This is a work of fiction. All characters, organizations, and events portrayed in this novel are either products of the author’s imagination or are use fictitiously.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever including Internet usage, without written permission of the author.
Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.

Copyright © 2nd Edition June 2015
1st Edition Editor: Melissa Ringsted, There For You Book Editing
http://thereforyoumelissa.blogspot.com
2nd Edition Editor: Melissa Manes
www.scriptionis.com
Cover Design: Alexandra Fomicheva
http://alfoart.com/about.html
Cover Photograph: Thanks to Kagan Tuncay for use of photo to create 1st edition cover.



For all the girls with the courage to jump the tracks and for all the boys waiting on the other side to fall head-over-heels for them.

And vice-versa.



CUTTERS
Cutter is a derogatory term used at IU by college students in reference to the local youths in Bloomington, Indiana. Akin to townie, it was used in the movie Breaking Away, but cutter originally referred to someone who worked in the local stone cutting industry in Indiana and is still used today.

VS.

Versus.

JOCKS
Jock is believed to be derived from the word jockstrap, and synonymous with the male athlete. It has become ingrained in American culture as a negative stereotype. Like meathead or muscle head, it’s based on the theory that a jock is muscular, but unintelligent and unenlightened, unable to carry on a conversation unless it’s related to sports or exercise.



1
WE SHOULD BE WOO’D AND WERE NOT MADE TO WOO
A Midsummer’s Night Dream
Elizabeth
Do you believe in love at first sight? It’s an illusion, I don’t care. Madonna’s classic lyrics funneled through the speaker system. I tripped going up the stairs into the alcove as I caught a glimpse of him. Never before has a single person made such a jarring impression on me. And no guy, with a single, silky nod of his head, has overwhelmed me with a gaze that seemed to pierce me all the way to my soul.
Weren’t there supposed to be fireworks, violins, and rose petals? It was just my fortune, since I had bad luck fermenting in my blood, that my awestruck moment was illuminated by the glare of college football on a television screen, the crunching of peanut shells underfoot, and stale stout stabbing my senses.
It was the fall of my junior year, and I had avoided any instant attractions since I’d enrolled at IU. It was Saturday night at McCreary’s, a bar that sits in a commercial strip mall right down the way from the movie theater on the mall side of Bloomington. The bar resembled a saloon from the Wild West, marred and scarred wide plank floors, wooden tables overflowing with empty beer steins, and the majority of the men are looking for some action. Poetry, profanity, and phone numbers are whittled in the wooden walls for posterity. Its patrons are a mix of cutters and college kids. McCreary’s had some of the best sandwiches in Bloomington, with names like Casablanca, Gone with the Wind, and Call of the Wild.
Vicki and I had just seen a movie, and I was so dumbfounded with the sight of him I couldn’t remember the title.
The second I walked into the bar, Vicki informed me that we were playing pool in the Hoosier Room. McCreary’s four pool tables sit at the four cardinal points in little alcoves cordoned off by half walls.
Vicki and I worked together at the Waffle House. While I went to class and the library, she said she’d take a pass on anything past primary. She’d only come to Bloomington to escape her small-town parents who thought marijuana was a seasoning added to brownies.
I had no desire to play pool, but I agreed because once Vicki set her mind on something there was no talking her out of it. Case in point, her hair was chartreuse right now, Popsicle green, with a white lightning streak running down the side of her sharp bangs.
We stepped into the tiny niche and one of our opponents greeted us. The lookout was tall and muscular, with dirty blond hair. His teammate positioned his long, athletic frame over the table, looking at his shot. When he heard the introductions, he looked up and brushed his dark hair away from his blue eyes and took in Vicki. His eyes seemed to fill his face, but he didn’t sneer, which is what most jocks did when faced with Vicki. It wasn’t that she wasn’t attractive; it was just she was a lot to take in all at once. And once she started talking, it was hard for most people to listen, because her voice was so high pitched it reminded you of Minnie Mouse swallowing the swell of a hurricane.
The jock nodded in greeting, and then turned toward me. His lips crinkled in a lopsided smile, and he beamed me with his killer blue eyes. I felt like I had walked straight into a beam of electrified male energy. The dimple in his chiseled cheek was so deep he could use it as a trap, and I didn’t doubt that he’d caught quite a few coeds in that crevice alone.
Researchers say that you can judge the attractiveness of another person in .13 seconds. I knew he was someone I would never forget. It wasn’t just his physical appearance that ensnared me, but his eyes were focused like a laser and he’d use those beautiful blue orbs to sharpen his ego on my bones. His presence was so calm, cool, and collected that I took two steps back.
The hair all over my body stood up, and then knotted.
I tried to blink. I couldn’t. My eyes were super glued on him. Vicki and the other guy were speaking, but I couldn’t hear them because the blood was boiling in my ears like a thick pot of chili at the Waffle House right before Saturday afternoon kickoff.
I shook my head and told myself this wasn’t real. Love at first sight was a physical response, simple attraction. Some might call it lust. I forced my eyes away from him and tried to catch up with the introductions. His friend’s name was David, or so I thought. I couldn’t be sure because I was locked into a clear box with the guy leaning on his pool stick, and the air was being sucked from the confined space. I needed to panic breathe.
“I’m Aidan,” he said.
I forced my hand out, but when his hand came into view, I pulled mine back. His deep tenor stroked my consciousness. I was certain that he could read the nature of my attraction on my flushed face. He didn’t need the ego boost. I swallowed down my instinct to make a run for it, extended my hand again, and said, “Elizabeth.”
“Elizabeth is a beautiful name.” His words were the third lure. I was a goner. “Everyone calls me Band-Aid.”
David reintroduced himself for my benefit. He said they were baseball players at IU. I stole another glance at Aidan, but he seemed unaffected by what happened, and started asking me questions to figure out how he knew me.
David racked the balls and said over his shoulder, “You’ve probably seen them on the square.” Translation: David assumed that because Vicki was a cutter, a townie, I was too.
Aidan shrugged, easily swallowing that information hook, line, and sinker.
For the next forty minutes, I listened to Vicki and David carrying on a conversation, while Aidan watched me. I refused to glance his way, but every once in a while, my willpower slipped. I barely pulled my flustered thoughts together enough to play.
After each of Aidan’s shots, he stood alongside me, inching a little closer each time. By the end of the match, the cuff of his rolled-up shirtsleeves brushed against my bare arm. He was trying to agitate me, so I concentrated on putting stripes in pockets, and ignored whatever game he was playing.
Vicki distracted David with her friendly banter, while the snug fit of my jeans diverted Aidan. We whipped the jocks. Aidan insisted that we go three for five, but I shook my head in refusal.
As I stepped out of the space, I turned back for a final glance. Aidan’s eyes sparked with determination at the loss of the pool match. It seemed jock boy was way competitive. It was a good thing it was only a tiny flicker, because if anything else ignited, the small room and the entire strip center might have gone up in flames.



2
FANS DON’T BOO NOBODIES
Reggie Jackson
Aidan
She beat me at pool. It must have been the fact that the moment I laid eyes on her quiet, dark beauty I knew I wanted her. Those forest green eyes drew me in and made me long to know what was going on behind those nerdy specs. It was as if her glasses were a shield she could stand behind, watching the world at a distance, taking it all in, and making her internal observations without giving anything away.
She was a cutter with a mouth I wanted to roam. Okay, I wanted her body, too, but it was her mouth that kept me intrigued. After she’d won, she couldn’t escape fast enough, so I stalked her and her friend into the bar. Her full lips spoke words laced in warning and challenge. I overheard her say, “I’m not interested.” And I knew it was in reference to me.
She was one of those girls who could set a guy down with a look or a few piercing words. “Really? I could try harder.”
She made some idle comment about me being a prince charming type, so I tried to correct her impression by riling her. “Afraid you can’t measure up?”
This was absolutely the wrong thing to say. The green of her eyes turned gold like a fire breathing dragon does right before it marshmallows your appendages.
“I’m not interested in stumbling along with the masses,” she said as she sat in an empty barstool.
Now, I’ve got one strong sense of self, and a girl telling me twice in less than sixty seconds that she isn’t interested is like shoving a red flag down my throat. I would find a way to captivate her. I mean, I was a stud on campus. And yeah, she’s smoking hot, but she’s a cutter. They usually roll around at my feet like practice balls. “I hardly think you stumble, and you’ve already stood out from the crowd. That’s the first game I’ve lost a game to a girl that I didn’t throw.”
“You lost because you were too busy checking out my ass.”
Yep, pretty much. I plopped down next to her and my thigh grazed her thigh.
“Checking you out was worth the loss to my competitive nature.” I toasted her highball glass with my beer.
“What do you want from me?” she asked, scooting away.
“How about a date?” A naked date.
“Nope,” she said snidely.
Might as well go for all of it. She was going to intentionally walk me. “A few hours between the sheets?”
“You have a girlfriend.”
Elizabeth was smarter than two cutters and a coed put together. “Why would you say that?”
She strummed her fingers over my fingers, speaking seductively. “Your big bad baseball ring is hanging among some lovely coed’s perky breasts right now.”
I almost launched off my barstool at her touch, but I gave her a sexy smirk to cover for it. “Did you say perky breasts?”
Her glass clinked mine. “You keep up better than most jocks.”
I ran my thumb over the white slash on my ring finger. “We have an open relationship.” I’d made it very clear to Amanda that I was a free agent, but she still insisted on keeping the ring she had snatched off my dresser, saying she needed a part of me.
“I’m sure you have an open relationship,” she said in disgust, “and I’m sure she doesn’t know anything about your extracurricular activities. Thanks for the offer, but I don’t play second string.” Elizabeth picked up her belongings.
This girl had a sassy kind of attitude that drove me crazy. I’d happily make her a starter. I gave her another once over. She was right; she was no second stringer. She had cascades of dark chestnut hair, eyes crisper than evergreen, and a body that could rock the cover of Maxim. “You know, any other girl wearing those glasses wouldn’t appeal to me, but there’s something different about you, Elizabeth Tucker.”
“These—” she pointed to her chocolate retro frames, “—librarian glasses enhance my ability to identify a wide spectrum of bullshit.”
“Wow. Who burned you so bad?”
“No one.” She slinked off her barstool. “Everyone.”
“You were more fun when I had you corralled in a small room, speechless.”
“Guys always lose interest once I start talking.”
“I like to listen to your voice, even if I don’t know what you mean half the time. I’ll catch on sooner or later.” I snatched her hand and stroked her palm; it drove almost every girl I’d ever touched crazy. “You have the prettiest hands. You talk with them.” I’d learned as early as kindergarten that girls loved modest compliments and observations.
But not this sexy cutter, she flipped me off and strode away.
I shook my head and laughed. I’d always been like a bull. Once you raised the red flag, I was relentless until I captured it.



3
O’, WHAT MEN DARE DO
Much Ado about Nothing
Elizabeth
Several times when my mother was indisposed, I was shipped off to one of my great aunties. The summer I was twelve, I rode a Greyhound bus to Chattanooga, to my great-aunt’s house. I enjoyed the farm in the rambling hill country of Tennessee, up until the point her twin grandsons came to visit.
It was that summer I learned how to put boys in their place.
The boys were fourteen, and the roughest, rowdiest, freckled-faced things I had ever seen. And they were curious about me in a way that I found less than flattering. When I made it clear that I was not going to let them put their grimy hands up my skirt, they decided to make my life miserable.
They were bound and determined to convince Aunt Oglear that I was the devil’s spawn. They opened the chicken coop and blamed me. They scraped up my hands by tossing me off of the porch swing. They set a contraption to dump dirty water over me when I came out the barn. It was their version of a wet T-shirt contest, and they howled like coyotes as I sputtered through the water. Then they started calling me Yankee Girl. After twelve days of their shenanigans, I decided the good-ole-boys needed a Yankee lesson in manners.
My Aunt Oglear was Silly Putty in their hands, as most southern grandmothers are. However, their grandfather wasn’t so easily played, and he knew those boys were trouble in spades. Every day Uncle Roy gave them specific warnings not to let the bulls out of the bullpen. He didn’t want the bulls in the pastures with the heifers. Every day the boys gave their word they wouldn’t, but within half an hour, he’d catch them up on the fence posts taunting those horny beasts with sticks and rocks.
The poor animals were busting with as much testosterone as the boys. In retaliation to the boys taunting, the bulls would charge the fence repeatedly, garnering hoots and hollers of mirth from the little jackasses. I watched this play out muggy afternoon after muggy afternoon, and finally a plan formed.
The day they were to go home, their grandparents went into town and gave them explicit instructions against monkey business.
What they should have warned against was bull business.
I followed the boys out to the fence by the bullpen, and offered them each an opportunity to see my assets. I told them to meet me in the barn loft. Ten minutes later they came just like calves to the slaughter. As they climbed into the loft, I’d climbed down the exterior ladder, ran around the front of the barn and locked them in. I’d already barricaded every exit and there wasn’t a breeze to be had. As the temperature rose to its zenith, so did their anger. They screamed and yelled for the better part of the morning, as I sprawled out in a chaise lounge with a tall glass of lemonade, without any lurid glances.
In the early afternoon, I meandered out to the pasture and opened the bullpen fence. It didn’t take long before the bulls realized their luck and were down the hill chasing the heifers. When dust kicked up on the road leading to the farm, I knew that Aunt Oglear and Uncle Roy were coming home, so I quietly opened the barn door. My two tormentors were striped to their briefs, asleep in a pile of hay. I disappeared into the potting shed behind the house, slipped on an apron, rubbed dirt on my face, and watched with glee.
Their grandmother found them and immediately took a switch to them for letting the bulls out. An hour later, their grandfather came back from rounding up the cattle and he was fit to be tied. The grinding gears from the truck hauling the bulls called the boys out of the garden where they had been sent to weed. They kept bickering over who should tattle on me, but their grandmother supervised their pulling and hoeing from the kitchen window and neither of them dared to be the one that stepped out of the turned up soil.
When they tried to blame me, all those hours of taunting the bulls fell deaf on their grandfather’s ears. He took them to the bullpen, put their hands on the top rail of the fence, and made them drop their pants. Then he tanned their hides with his leather belt.
After I stopped laughing, I found my way to the house. Aunt Oglear washed my face asking where I had been hiding. I told her I had been working in the garden shed all morning, which was what I usually did when I wanted to escape my tormentors. I sat at the kitchen table and my auntie put a plate of cookies down in front of me on the red-checkered tablecloth.
She stood over the sink, shucking corn. When one of the boys yelped especially loud she said, “Well, Elizabeth Ann, if you can’t beat them, arrange for them to be beaten. You timed that just right. Their daddy is coming up the road and neither one of them is going to sit comfortably for a week.” She turned and smirked at me.
That was the day I learned to make my face a blank mask of indifference when there were questions I didn’t want to answer.
She chuckled. Whether it was from my not giving anything away or from her amusement I couldn’t say. “You certainly yanked knots in their tails.” She wiped her hand on a dishtowel, patted my shoulder, and went out the screen door laughing.
On any further trips south, the boys were much more gentlemanly. Once, when they thought to call me Yankee Girl again, their grandmother said, “You want everyone to know that Yankee girl outsmarted the two of you?”
They both blustered, but they called me cousin Libby from then on. And I fondly referred to them as the Bullpen Brothers.


4
CHAMPIONS KEEP PLAYING UNTIL THEY GET IT RIGHT
Billie Jean King
AIDAN
The next afternoon, I went searching for Elizabeth Tucker on the square. The cutters were milling about, most recovering from hangovers, smoking cigarettes, and sipping at cardboard coffee cups. I approached a gangly-looking guy, with a knot of dreadlocks at the back of the head, and asked him if he knew an Elizabeth. He shook his head no, dropped his skateboard, and rolled away.
I went back to campus and parked in front of the library. As I hefted my backpack over my shoulder, I figured I could find the little cutter at the Waffle House sooner or later. An old man paced back and forth in front of the library’s entrance; the weird thing about him was he had on short pants and a bow tie with an old fashioned baseball cap. When he saw me, he opened the door to the vestibule for me. As I crossed the threshold he said, “Remember what you’re looking for, kid.”
The hair at the nape of my neck stood up. When I put my hand on the door that would deposit me into the lobby of the library, something compelled me to look back.
The old guy was gone.
I had no idea what department that kind of weird taught in, but I wanted to stay far away from it. It had to be, philosophy. I thanked God I’d already met my humanities requirement.
I smiled as I headed to the third floor, where the jocks studied and the sorority girls and cheerleaders stalked, but I wasn’t in the mood for any pom-pom antics, so I went up another flight of stairs and found an empty table on the fourth floor. I pulled out my English Lit book. I hated English Lit, but I dove in: “Nor did her who was so wise shortly before—perceive that Love with his darts dwelt within the rays of those lovely eyes—nor notice the arrow that sped to his heart.”
Seriously, a guy wrote this? I felt the second prickle of unease dance down my spine and looked up at Elizabeth Tucker facing me. She sat alone at the library table directly in front of mine; staring at me with the same amount of wide-eyed shock I felt. As soon as I saw her, I was lost. I looked down at my notes. “For beauty’s wound is sharper than any weapon’s, and it runs through the eyes down to the soul.”
I stared at her and let the suspense of what I’d do next build in her eyes. I flashed a playboy smile as I approached her, a smirk that had rocked many a lucky girl’s world. “What are you doing here, Elizabeth?”
She refused to pull her eyes away from a book, which was both older and about three inches thicker than anything I’d ever read. “I certainly wasn’t planning on a rendezvous with you.”
“You mean you didn’t appoint this place for our meeting?” I asked with a Shakespearean accent.
She peeked at me, pulling her eyes from her monolithic tome, rolled her eyes and went back to the book.
“May I sit and bask in your presence?” I teased.
She kept her eyes fixed on her book. “Isn’t that my line?”
I chuckled, and then I spent the rest of the day studying her.
I always found her at the exact same table on the fourth floor. I took the fact that she didn’t move as a sign that she wanted a full on pursuit. It was only a matter of time once I applied the full-court press on her.
After a few weeks, I started to find comfort in the fact that she was always curled up around a book at that table, right where I left her. She was more solace than the third floor full of jocks, frat boys, and sorority chicks combined.
I stayed in the library for hours staring at her over the tops of our books. Why she insisted on reading eighteenth century literature when she wasn’t a student touched the fringes of my questioning mind, but most of the time I was so buried in business books that I never gave her presence any other thought than the consolation and convenience it offered me.
Most nights I arrived with a definitive plan about how I was going to lure her into the stacks, where I would flirt and steal casual touches of her luscious body that would only leave me wanting more. I even coaxed her into a grad student’s study cubical, when I saw him leave for the day. In the intimacy of those tiny rooms, I got the closest to her, but she never allowed for hot and heavy make-out sessions I craved.
Over the course of the fall and spring semesters, I learned to depend on how she saw things. She evaluated problems from all the angles and gave solid advice. Her friends looked to her when they were hurting, lonely, or morose, and she offered healing words. And I soon considered myself one of her friends.
I knew she wanted me, more than she ever let on, but Elizabeth Tucker had her game face on and complete command over herself. She always left me with the feeling she never needed me or anyone else. Perhaps that’s what intrigued me. Or maybe I was frightened because she could live without sharing any of her secrets with me.
She was the most intensely aware person I had ever met. I wanted to become intimately acquainted with the mysteries behind those mischievous eyes. She was the kind of trouble I wanted to get lost in. I wondered over and over again: Where exactly had she come from? Who was waiting there for her? What type of secrets was she keeping from me?



5
NOTHING CAN COME FROM NOTHING
Lear
Libby
The wrong side of the tracks was a misnomer because my hometown, French Lick, Indiana, was so small that the length of the tracks was hardly the distance of the high school football field. Maybe it was the transient length of them that hadn’t prevented me trying to constantly attain a first down.
French Lick is just shy of two thousand residents and was originally a French Trading Post. Thus, the French. In its heyday, it was known for its sulfur springs, and in the nineteenth century boasted one of the largest healing spas in the nation. The sulfur made the lick, and if anyone can explain the meaning of that to me, then thanks. By the time I was born, the spa was a decaying hangout for horny teenagers and the rest of the town was barely hanging on.
I grew up in a small house that the rest of the community referred to as a shack. And didn’t every shack, in every small town, have a resident crazy lady? I was a bright child, so from the earliest age, I knew that my brother and I resided with what the town referred to as the crazy lady on Loquat Lane.
Jeanne Gentry, my mother, was raised in a sewn up mill town in Alabama. Jeanne didn’t grow up in a happy home. Her mother loved her, but she made the continual pursuit of her father’s affection her life’s ambition. Trying to attain the love of a man who’s always moaning the regrets of hard living is like trying to siphon liquor off a dry still.
Jeanne continued her quest for love and affection from partners who only used and abused her. She was a beautiful woman. Picture Pamela Anderson’s body and Megan Fox’s face, and you can imagine the allurements men were drawn to.
Jeanne ran away from home when she was thirteen. She hitchhiked, on looks alone, from Alabama to Chicago. The police found her in a forest preserve, in the arms of an eighteen-year-old James Dean type. Unfortunately, whatever innocence she had managed to preserve in those early years was gone by the time the police strobe lights washed their shocked expressions. My mother was sent to a juvenile detention where she became fodder for countless other predators.
By the time she was sixteen, she was diagnosed as manic-depressive and placed in a state mental hospital. She was shipped from institution to institution, even spending time in an abbey in the Chicago suburbs, where she said that the nuns locked her up every evening. She said she lay in a fetal position in the center of her metal-clad cell praying that no one would come for her in the middle of the night.
She was released into the custody of distant cousins who lived in French Lick. So, Jeanne went there indefinitely. She found employment in a diner as a waitress. By that time she was seventeen; she fell head over heels for my father. My mother claimed he was an artist, but my grandmother referred to him as the drunk, which was one of her nicer references.
Either way, he had my mother knocked up in no time. My father was twenty-three, and in the eyes of the law, Jeanne was underage. He was given the choice between jail time for statutory rape or marriage. He chose the latter, and they were married in April. I was born in November, and they were divorced by the spring of the next year.
My father has always been an apparition to me. I don’t remember more than a tall figure at the door, whispering heated words to my mother that escalated into an argument.
After my father disappeared—really, he ran away, as nobody would steal a loser—my mother had a break down and spent the next three months at Choate Mental Health Facility. Over the years, she spent a lot of time there. State mental hospitals were not pretty places. I knew because I visited her enough to have developed a deep impression.
The broken down playground that stood off to the side of the main entrance, where even grass refused to be reborn, was a constant reminder of my withered life. I wanted a perfectly tended grassy knoll, surrounded by a flower garden and large trees swaying in the warmth of the sun. Often these thoughts would assault me, as one of my relatives dragged me across the threshold of the place for visiting hour. It was the smell that started the panic deep inside my gut. It was an odd combination of excrements and human pain.
State facilities were little more than warehouses, with gray cinder block walls, composite tile floors, and glaring florescent lights. The mentally ill weren’t the only residents, but alcoholics, drug addicts, and what were then referred to as perverts were also housed there. On visiting days, everyone would stand in their doorways and gawk down the corridors. Some of the stares were comical, some were predatory, but the vast majority was empty. Blank stares, either drugged into oblivion, or fried by electrode shock therapy into submission.
What kind of a person thought of running hundreds of volts of electricity into someone’s brain to re-scramble? Nonetheless, the masochistic bastard probably had a lot of letters behind his name. I couldn’t argue with the results; it was the only thing that brought my mother out of her mania. A side effect was memory loss. By the time I was sixteen, every time they strapped my mother to one of those tables, I prayed to God that she would forget me completely.
Now that I’d met Aidan, I had a glimmer of understanding of what Jeanne felt for my father. Love is a kind of madness—and crazy runs in my family.


6
HITTING IS TIMING. PITCHING IS UPSETTING TIMING.
Warren Spahn
Aidan
By the time I opened the door to the Waffle House, I convinced myself I was there for the perfect afternoon snack, apple cinnamon pancakes. I zeroed in on the curves of her perfect body as soon as I walked in; she stood facing the pass-through into the kitchen. It was the first Saturday afternoon after I returned to IU after summer break. I stood behind the walk up counter knowing exactly what I wanted: Libby.
I felt the same tumultuous cloying anxiety I’d felt the first time I saw her. Everything I had ever wanted had come to me easily, granted I was a hard worker; you didn’t become an All American at a Big Ten University otherwise. I played baseball, which was my passion, but I decided to go out for football this fall, which offered me a perfect excuse to return to Bloomington early.
Playing football was hot and grueling, and I wanted the challenge of it, but I wanted an excuse to be near Libby even more. I had never wanted to be around anyone the way I did her. I’d been antsy and annoyed for the past six weeks without her. Sitting alongside her, counting her breaths, made me happy. I couldn’t stay away any longer.
I had no doubts about my hasty decision now that she was in front of me. I slid onto the spinning counter stool and studied her body. I could have majored in her, knowing every twist and turn of her figure. I knew its form, as well as the arc on a perfect curve ball. And I’d looked at it from just about every angle possible. Well, except for looking down at her under me, that is. That fantasy did what it always did to me, and I was thankful the counter top was there to hide my interest.
She wore a standard pink diner style one-piece waitress dress, with matching white collar and apron. It was knee-length and it clung in all the right places. She was on her tiptoes placing a check in the turnstile, which she swung around so the cook and owner, Old Mr. Rodgers, could pull it off. She hadn’t noticed me yet, but I didn’t mind checking out the most beautiful cutter’s backside while I waited to capture her attention.
Libby reached overhead for a roll of paper towels, and the two cutters saddled on either side of me were enthralled with her rising hemline. Their roaming eyes were too possessive for my liking, so I cleared my throat. Neither one of them paid me any mind; the cutters couldn’t conceive that I would want what they considered cutter property.
That was what I should’ve recognized when I glanced down the counter: cutters and college kids definitely antagonized each other. We might mix it up, we might score drugs from each other, but we didn’t often patronize the same establishments, cutters don’t mix ranks with us, and they rarely shared their women.
Elizabeth turned toward me. Little Bit was her cutter nickname, but she was always Libby to me. I swear her smile lit up my world like fireworks after a grand slam homer. She was just as drop dead gorgeous as I remembered her, except her creamy skin was nicely tanned and a ‘Little Bit’ would not have been enough to satisfy me. Her dark ropes of hair were tied in a knot at the back of her head. Her green eyes flashed through tinted glittery pink retro glasses. With a light sprinkling of freckles across her nose, she wasn’t the kind of girl every guy would follow around on campus, but anyone who caught her clever quips and observations would have to take a harder look at Libby Tucker. She was hundreds of notches above average and explained the clowns on either side of me.
Her demeanor spoke good old-fashioned common sense, but when you didn’t use it she could just as easily dish up a traditional tongue-lashing. I adored that tongue.
I gave her my best megawatt smile, wondering where her tan lines ended.
She squinted, before pushing her specs up her nose, making the little old ladies chain swing on the arm. On any other girl I knew, the glasses would’ve been fugly, but she was dazzling in them. She was every guy’s quirky retro fantasy chick.
Her pouted lips contorted in mock disgust. “Well, well, look what the cat dragged in. Beautiful baseball boy.” She flipped through the pages of an order pan, before resting her hand on her hip.
“No baseball, babe. It’s all about football now.” I winked.
“Fabulous Football F… wow, I can’t think of the finish.” She laughed.
“Friend, Fun, Flame, Fairy—the make-believe kind—, Fix, Fury.” I raised my eyebrows with each new suggestion.
“No, none of them, but if you had said them in alphabetical order I’d been truly impressed, Band-Aid.”
I chuckled, remembering our shared camaraderie, our long walks all over campus, our late night clandestine meetings in the library, our ongoing flirtation that formed a friendship in spite of my jock ways. She challenged my mind and made me see things that otherwise I would’ve ignored.
The instant she smiled, I knew I’d cross any boundary, real or imaginary, to have her. She was forbidden fruit, and I wanted pick the tree clean. Just a single glance, and all the charged up attraction that had been building threatened to overwhelm me.
One of the cutters wasn’t having it. “If college dick is done with you, I’d like my check,” he snarled.
“You know, Johnny, you can make a real ass out of yourself, and you don’t even have to put your mind, or lack thereof, into it.” Libby slapped his check down in front of him.
I moved. The closer I got, the more bravado he lost, so by the time I was in his face he was bent backwards over the barstool behind him. Libby grabbed my arm; it was the first time I felt her touch in almost two months. The pressure of her gentle fingertips against my bare arm immediately sent all my blood south, and it was anything but soothing.
“If you get into a brawl, I’ll lose my job and the only sport you will be playing is Pick-Up-Sticks.” She worked her hand up my arm, until she could gently tug on my T-shirt sleeve. She wasn’t calming me, but she had my attention.
I refused to lose my cool, and my eyes narrowed. “Disappear before I forget this is a place of business, cutter.”
Longhaired Johnny made short work of dropping bills on the counter. When he reached the door, he turned around. “Later fabulous football fuck, hope she enjoys it.” He dropped his skateboard and went zooming down Kirkwood Avenue.
Libby shrugged her shoulders to cover the awkwardness, but I could see the hesitation in her eyes. She knew the cutter was right. I wanted her just the way he thought I did. It frustrated me, because I didn’t like being so transparent. And I was torn, because I knew I needed to find a way to get her out of my system, but I didn’t intend to hurt her to get it done. I would break it off gracefully, the way I always had. Hopefully, I’d be able to because over the last few weeks I’d started considering what it would be like if I could find a way to make her a permanent part of my life. Then I thought of life in the minors and I knew she’d hate tagging around after me.
“If I see him again, I’m going to beat him bloody and leave his body parts in a big recycling bin behind Assembly Hall.”
“Whatever floats your boat. Just make sure you wear gloves and have a good alibi.”
“Like I was alone all night with this incredible girl named Libby?”
“Libby isn’t that kind of girl. She won’t even succumb to Band-Aid.” She rang up Johnny’s check at the register, dropping the coins into her white ruffled apron on a sigh.
“You do remember my real name?” I asked curiously, even though I liked the way Band-Aid rolled off her tongue.
“Of course I remember,” she said in mock distress with her hand across her brow. “We spent all last year playing cat and mouse. You, on the other hand, must have forgotten all about me.”
“You’re unforgettable, Elizabeth Tucker.” I moved my head around, pretending to evaluate her. “I can’t decide if your best feature is the flashing green eyes or the flirty smile. But your worst trait is that you can curse like a sailor and you enjoy English Literature.”
“Banford Aidan Palowski, Ski to his friends, i.e., other jocks, Band-Aid to all the girls, and there’s a lot of ‘em.” She rolled those fiery emerald eyes at me. “Age twenty-three, six-foot-four, approximately two-twenty. Throws a mean ninety-four-mile-per-hour fastball, followed by a curve ball that makes batters dizzy. Best feature: beautiful baby blues. Worst trait: will try to get just about any of the previously stated groupies into the boinking room.”
I swallowed hard before quickly masking my shocked expression. How did she know about the boinking room? “Five.”
“Pardon?” She moved away from me, wiping down the silver boomerang-patterned counter top by the coffee pots.
“Six-foot-five.”
“That extra inch must make all the difference in the world,” she paused pushing her glasses up her nose, “especially in the boinking room.”
“What’s a boinking room?” I asked, looking from the spotless black and white tiled floor to the recently painted ceiling. All of the last year’s grease spots had disappeared.
“You know, that extra bedroom that you and your clever roommates leave unoccupied for the purposes of sex, the room with no other amenities other than a bed. I wonder, how often do you wash the sheets? I hear the room is available on a first come, first serve basis, or is that where you bad baseball boys conduct your cheerleaders’ orgies?”
She walked toward the booths along the window wall when I got off my revolving stool, grabbed her around the waist and pulled her spine against my torso, placing my hand over mouth. “I can’t stand to hear you say boinking. It sounds disgusting when you say it.” I whispered it into her ear, letting the words roll down her neck.
Her squirming offered me an excellent view down her dress and I caught sight of her lacy pink bra. I hoped she hadn’t heard me swallow hard or breathe in the scent of her sweet skin, but I couldn’t resist her. She smelled like apple pie. The fruit on this tree is going to kill me. Didn’t it ruin Adam? An apple did him in, too.
She bit my fingers before turning on me with her eyes blazing. “It is disgusting. That’s why it sounds disgusting.”
“For the record, I haven’t used that room since I was a sophomore. How’d you find out about it?”
“Why would I divulge an excellent source of information on the ‘bad baseball boys’ boudoirs?” She looked me up and down with her hand resting on her slim hip.
“I would never take you there.” I bowed my head, hoping that was enough for her to let it go.
“Where’s that, Band-Aid?” She winked as her hips swung away.
“You know what I mean, Libby.” I gave her one of my best stare-downs, but trying to intimidate her was like trying to throw a no-hitter. You could make the attempt, but more often than not, someone would squeeze off a hit when you least expected it.
“The boinking room?”
I cringed. It sounded so sordid and seedy when she said it. I was mortified that she knew about it. Someone had broken the code—I’d worry about that later—but for now I needed to change the subject. “What are you doing after work today?”
“Boinking.” She had the audacity to smile at me with a directness that few girls her age could muster.
“Either you heard idle gossip about the boinking room, or you know someone who has had an illustrious visit to the inner sanctum of our apartment.” I lowered my voice to a whisper. There was another option: that she’d ended up in the room, but that was too freaky for me to consider. Plus, every baseball player and male I knew, knew Libby Tucker was off limits to them.
“How would you know what I know about boinking?” she snapped.
“Guys like boinking. I especially enjoy it when you say it.” I confidently pulled on a chunk of her hair that had escaped from the knot.
She batted my hand away from the vicinity of her breast.
“Right. You’re just trying to get me to stop saying boinking, and I know you copped a look down my dress.” Her pearly whites smirked one of those I’ve-one-upped you once again smiles.
“Okay, okay, I’m at your mercy. Please don’t say it again. As to the matter of your lingerie, I am only an immature male. I can’t resist a breathtaking view.”
“Right.” She continued to wipe down the countertop.
“They are exquisite, Libby.” I gave her my sexiest grin. “Wouldn’t I know?”
Her scowl said she was far from flattered. “I would say you’ve seen more of them than I have.” She narrowed her eyes on me. “But, alas, how do mine compare? Compare and contrast them, say, with your girlfriend’s.”
Crap, double crap, this was one subject we usually avoided. I guess she had all summer to think about what I had been doing and with whom. I called her at the Waffle House a couple of times, but either she wasn’t there or whoever answered said they’d give her a message. I never heard back from her, but here I was, first chance I got. “I, uh, mean to say that uh—”
“Beautiful-busted-baseball-boy-boinking-byself.” She pouted her lips and I prayed that she’d put them on me soon.
“You are too much of a sarcastic smart ass for your own good.”
“You’ve spent quite a bit of time trying to outsmart me.”
I knew a long time ago she was smarter than me, that’s what intrigued me. I wanted her body, but it wouldn’t be the same without that feisty brain on full alert. “I’m a guy, and it’s normal to check you out.” I looked around briefly. “And you’re so fine you make my mouth water.”
“And you have a girlfriend,” she slinked away down the counter. “Yet here you are on my work-step once again.”
“I would show up on your doorstep, if I knew where you lived.” She had established strict boundaries. Where she lived was just about as hard to pinpoint as some umps’ strike zones.
“Bye,” she said, waving her hand at me as she strutted away. She went to the opposite counter, and picked up the dirty plates from her last customer.
“For the record, I have never had a serious girlfriend. She’s a girl and a friend.”
The food she’d ordered was up. “Like, I’m a girl and a friend?” she asked over he shoulder as she balanced the heavy white porcelain plates on her arms, delivering them to two middle-aged men sitting in a pink and black vinyl booth. They had been unable to keep their eyes off her. And they’d snickered when she’d had me by the balls. I should’ve been used to it by now, because she was always on the winning side of the scoreboard. I think that’s why I kept coming back.
She returned to the counter and ignored me by refilling the salt, pepper, and ketchup containers from the far end. I moved and sat in the stool directly in front of her, watching her with an intensity that was sure to exasperate her. I moved along the counter with her. I didn’t say anything else; I just stared in silent observation. I knew from past experience she could only resist looking at me for so long.
When she succumbed and I captured the attention of her fiery eyes, I reached out and stroked her arm saying, “Come on, Libby, at least be my friend.”
She snorted. It was unladylike, but I had to admit that I was turned on by it. She looked at me like I was an annoying bee buzzing around her honey. “As long as you understand that that’s all it will ever be.” She refilled the last condiment rack and asked, “Don’t you have something more important to do than watch me work?”
“I have better things I’d like to do with you.” I winked in a suggestive way.
“I’ve told you before, Aidan, that it’s not going to happen.” She slammed her blue order pad on the counter. “All play and no work makes Band-Aid a dull boy.”
“Do I look like a boy to you?”
“You’re right.” She scribbled on her order pad and put a check on the turnstile. “You’re growing up, maturing. Yet I still have to spoon feed you the same information.”
I smirked. Maybe she should consider breastfeeding?
Old Mr. Rodgers yanked the order off the turnstile. He glared a narrowed eye at me, and beat on the bell on top of the counter until Libby went over to him. They spoke in hushed voices.
Libby untied her apron before placing it on the Formica. I raised my eyebrow in question.
“He doesn’t like you or your kind very much,” she said counting out her money.
“My kind?”
“You know, a pretty boy collegiate athlete, out to use and throw away a small town girl.”
“I have never used you, Libby.”
“Only because I’m strong enough to say no,” she said without looking up from her bill sorting. “Don’t think you can fool me the way you’re kidding yourself, Aidan.”
When she said my name it was like the whispered words of a prayer.
“I have to change, and then we can go for a walk on campus. We could have a picnic, but you need to promise to behave.”
I didn’t speak a word, but made a cross over my heart.
Libby went to the cash register to cash out with her apron strings trailing the floor behind her.
Vicki barreled out of the kitchen. She went straight for the jukebox and shoved some quarters down the thing’s throat before stabbing the buttons. She picked up a rag, taking up Libby’s duties, as some old Elvis song filled in the silence. Her uniform was skintight. She wasn’t curvy like Libby, but she always threw me off because she had a different hair color every time I saw her. It was dyed hot pink and cut into a shaggy style. She was a couple of years older than us, and she was pretty in a home-town-girl sort of way.
Vicki sloshed a glass of water down in front of me, humming to Caught in a Trap. I smelled something burning. Old Mr. Rodgers let a few very creative curses fly before metal hit metal, followed by a hiss.
Vicki mopped up the water in front of me with a rag. “You want to place an order, charm boy?”
I couldn’t think of apple cinnamon pancakes, because my eyes had strayed to the sway of Libby’s hips disappearing through the kitchen door. I pulled my attention back to Vicki.
“Rumor has it you know how to show a girl a good time.”
I grunted with mirth. “Yeah, so?”
“Libby needs someone to show her the time of her life. She’s seriously intense, and you’re the only guy she’s ever given the time of day. Don’t blow it.”
Before I had time to digest that information, Mr. Rodgers stormed through the swinging door, and stalled right in front of me. He dismissed Vicki with an evil eye and a jerk of his head, before starting in on me. “Elizabeth Ann is going to make something out of herself. She doesn’t need any jock getting in the way of her dreams. So I plan on keeping my eye on you. If you do anything I don’t care for to that girl, I’m going to skin you alive and feed your cocky carcass to the pigs out on some farm so far away from here that your teammates will never hear the first or the last squeal.” He smiled at me through his yellow, slightly crooked teeth.
“Whatever your concerns are, I assure you, they’re unfounded. I have no intention of hurting anyone.”
“Palowski, I’ve seen boys like you before.” He stacked his fists on his hips and stared me down. “Come in here and think Libby’s on the menu and you can have anything you want with no consequences. I’m here to tell you, there’s a price to be paid. You so much as blink twice, the wrong way, and I’ll make sure you never play another inning.”
“Are you related to her or something?”
“No, I’m more of a guardian angel. You know Michael, the archangel with the large wings, and even bigger sword that he uses to slay his enemies with? I’ve heard tell that sword is so sharp it could skin a pig alive before the littler porker even knows it’s lost its curly cue tail. In the next minute, he’s a Christmas ham. I’m sure someone of your breeding doesn’t want to end up in bean soup like any old ham hock.”
“The final test in any plan is in its execution,” I said, confident that my education was superior to his.
“Before thou engagest, ask thyself, is thy plan mightier than my sword?” He paused. “Because I guarantee you, my sword is sharper than my tongue. If you do anything to screw up that girl’s plan, you be yelling Sooie from several counties away.”
Before I could respond, Libby reappeared. “And what plan might that be?” she asked.
Mr. Rodgers’ curt answer was lost on me.
My entire train of thought vanished. It was Libby’s long hair hanging down her body that distracted me. She usually wore a ponytail, but now the soft brown ringlets hung around her bare shoulders like a veil. Her hair surrounded her heart shaped face, making her eyes a vivid green, suddenly as dark as the summer grass. The vintage floral dress she had on was probably from a second-hand shop, and it had ribbons for the straps; both of them slipped onto her upper arms, making the bows land like little butterflies resting on her tanned biceps.
I tried to stop staring, but it was more than I could force my eyes to do. The dress was worn. The cotton had been washed so many times that the light butter color would be transparent in the sunlight. And it was a gorgeous, sunny August day.
Sooner or later, I would get a look at Libby’s almost naked self.
She observed me in mock disgust, turning around when one of the cooks placed a brown shopping bag up on the pass through. She placed a few bills on the check for Vicki.
“I’ll pay for that,” I said, reaching for my wallet.
“Not today, Band-Aid, it’s my treat.” She put the bag in my arms. “Carry this. You need something to do with yourself. Concentrate on not dropping it, would you.”
I followed in her wake. She grabbed a long strapped brown satchel, pulling it over her head. The strap rested crosswise over her torso, defining her unrestrained breasts in the gathered fabric of the cinched top. I was trying to figure out what kind of panties she had on when she let the glass door of the restaurant backslap me in the face.
I crashed back to attention when a dark shadow settled on Libby in the entranceway. It was the old guy I usually saw hanging around the library; maybe he wasn’t a professor after all, because right now he looked like a turn-of-century ump.
I heard him say, “I’ll show you where the strike zone is.”
The strange thing is, his mouth didn’t move when he said it. A prickle of unease crept up my spine.
Libby reopened the outside door for me and asked, “What’s wrong?”
I looked around and the ump vanished. “That old guy, is he a regular here?”
“What old guy?” Libby twirled around in a circle, confused. “Serves you right, getting clonked on the head. I’m up here.” She waved her hand in my face and smirked.
I smiled back to cover for my confusion. I said, “I know, but I so want to be there.” My eyes traveled over her breasts again. God, she was so perfect.
As soon as we hit the sunlit pavement there wasn’t a lot of Libby left to my imagination. I’d already fantasized about most of it. But in Libby’s case, reality was so much better than fantasy.
She pulled up suddenly, holding her dress down in the breeze. “Friends aren’t lecherous with each other.”
“Lecherous?” I asked.
“Look it up, Band-Aid. You do own a dictionary? Or is that strictly forbidden in the vicinity of the boinking room?”
“Excessive or offensive sexual desire. I’m no dummy, just surprised you’re using such an old fashioned word.”
“Old or not, it’s the perfect word, as opposed to ‘boinking’ which is such a modern phrase. Pray tell, kind sir, whatever does it mean?”
“Have you been reading Shakespeare again?”
“Sorry. Jane Austin, Charlotte Bronte, and Kate Chopin. Heard of any of them?”
Why does she read such weird crap? “Didn’t any guys write back then?”
“No, they were busy boinking. Except for Flaubert. Well, he was boinking too, but he had the audacity to write it all down. In, detail.”
“I can see you aren’t going to let this go.”
“What’s that?” she asked innocently.
“You know what I mean, Libby.” I gave her a stern look, the one I reserved for opposing batters or bad ump calls.
She gave me a glare guaranteed to keep me on my toes, as we crossed the street and headed toward the center of campus.
We passed IMU, the student union, walking in the direction of the Fine Arts Plaza. The square was bordered with the auditorium on one side, the School of Fine Arts building, the Lilly Rare Books Library, and the crowning achievement, I.M Pei’s 1982 Art Museum. In the center sat a beautiful bronze fountain, spouting sprays of water that carried pebbles of mist on the breeze meeting our warmed flesh. Flowerbeds behind the benches encircled the fountain, and tall grass blew in the breeze, casting us in soft shadows. I took in the fountain, as if for the first time.
Libby claimed a bench taking individually wrapped sandwiches, containers of fruit, and canned sodas from the bag.
She looked at the fountain for only a second before saying, “The Birth of Venus by Robert Laurent. It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” I had trekked past the fountain often in three years and never gave it a second thought. It was just another landmark that thousands of students passed by daily, but never thought twice about. However, I could tell that Libby had given pause to it.
“It’s beautiful, but not nearly as appealing as you.”
I watched her swallow the compliment, still staring at the fountain, before she glanced at me. “He did it in nineteen-sixty-one, the theme came from Botticelli’s Birth of Venus. There are a dozen sketches for the sculpture in the museum. This is the depiction of Venus being born from the Sea, the fish leaping about spraying water in homage to her; she represents beauty and love in Greek Mythology.”
“I think you’re a much better representation of beauty—and love.” I smirked until my dimple ached, knowing just how to get to her. “And you have much prettier breasts.”
She happened to be drinking from a Coke can. She coughed, and gagged down what she could. The rest came out her nose, spraying all over me. I caught her by the forearms, pulling her into my lap, handing her napkins while I wrapped my arms around her convulsing form.
I gently settled my lips on hers. I didn’t charge ahead. I just placed delicate kisses all over her swollen lips, and she tasted even sweeter than I remembered. I drew her bottom lip into my mouth; unfortunately that brought her right back to reality and she was never one to play fair.
She wrapped her arm around my neck. “Why don’t you tell me all about the boinking room now? I’d love to hear your side of the story.” She spoke seductively as she bore a look so deep into me that it reached my stomach, churning all my emotions into a giant knot.
“You never play fair.” I placed her back on her portion of the bench. She was so slight, I had to have a hundred pounds on her, but for some reason I felt small whenever she had that superior look on her face.
“Oh, and you do?”
“I try to play fair with you, but I can’t win that way, so I sometimes have to resort to other measures.”
Her eyebrow reached out for her hairline. “What exactly are you trying to win?”
Your heart. I swear to God, I thought it, wondering where that came from. I’d never have the guts to say it, so I did what most guys would do. “Your body for a night.”
Her crestfallen expression lasted all of three seconds, before she came back with more confidence than I would have expected. “I assure you, just one night would never be enough.”
She stared directly at me, defying me to respond.
Now I was having a hard time swallowing. I realized long ago that Libby wasn’t a once and done deal and I had no idea why I kept trying to fit her into a roster spot in my life when I knew she was a starter who’d always demand more. When I threw up my hands in mock defeat, she deftly changed the direction of the conversation to more neutral topics.
I never analyzed what happened that lazy afternoon until it was too late. Something between us changed. We had crossed some invisible barrier we built up brick by brick the semester before. She knew I wanted her, but she had known that from the first moment I met her. But now, I knew that she wasn’t as immune to my charms as I thought.
She had thrown down the gauntlet. It lay at my feet. If I had been wise, I would have left it there, but she had issued the challenge. I had no other choice than to pick it up and aim it right for her heart.
I threw it at her with all my might, but I was the one bleeding, a drop at a time and ever since, because she had pierced me with those simple words. “Just one night.”



7
OUR REMEDIES OFT IN OURSELVES LIE
All’s Well that Ends Well
Libby
Mischief is the main occupation of minors in French Lick. For teens there are three things to do out in the middle of nowhere: drink, drugs, and sex. I realized that none of them would be my ticket out of town, so while I partook of some, I’d never been overly proficient with any of them.
A meager block of businesses on either side of a tree-lined street made French Lick a thriving wasteland. In the middle of the block was the Egyptian Theater, a falling down movie house built around the time Tut was discovered. We drank generic beer in the parking lot every Saturday night. One of our friends would buy a ticket and then slip the rest of us in the side door, where we’d let our empty beer cans roll down the aisles at particularly dramatic moments in the movie.
On the far corner was Hayes Drugstore. All the boys blushed when they placed their condoms on the counter in front of Mrs. Hayes. Rumor was she married into the pharmaceutical family because Vicodin was her drug of choice, little did Mr. Hayes realize her addiction would become a continual pain in his ass.
I was buying tampons once when Mrs. Hayes embarrassed some guy at the front of the store. She pushed her coke-bottle-thick glasses up her crooked nose, examining the boy’s box before she raised it over her head, yelling toward the pharmacist’s counter in the back. “Harold, how much are these Life Style Muff Buffer rubbers again?”
I approached the register in trepidation as her voice alerted every patron in the county as to what sort of events were transpiring out at the spillway.
I finished my transaction, slipped out of the building and snuck around the back toward the parking lot, only to hear grown men laying odds on who’d be getting laid that night. Her husband, Harold, also had a compulsion. He ran games of chance behind the store, one of which was on who the rubber buyers’ intended targets were. I sighed, counting down the days until I could escape this place and never come back.
The Dairy Queen was where my illustrious employment career started, and it was better
part-time employment than bailing hay, working city construction, or watching those falling prices at Wally World. Twisting cones and flirting with boys was way more fun.
The DQ was a hangout for everyone from high school jocks in lettermen’s jackets, to the freaks in tie-dye, to the stoners with smelly dreadlocks. Drinking and drugs were regular occurrences in DQ’s parking lot, but sex was relegated to the woods out by the Spillway.
As I said, I wasn’t overly interested in vices during my high school years, but my best friend Lucy was. Actually, if she could enjoy all three at one time, then that was a serious party in her mind. Lucy didn’t have any cares. She was the richest girl in town, her daddy was the judge, and she just didn’t give a shit. We would drive his Cadillac, with the ‘BIG 8’ license plate, through the county like we were county commissioners. The license plate insured immunity against just about anything.
Except for once.
We were partying at the Spillway. Junior Cox, the sheriff’s son, brought his father’s GTO to race Billy Bob Thatcher in the rock quarry. Word must have reached the sheriff because at about eleven p.m., he showed up with lights flashing, bullhorn blaring, and a Billy stick riding his belt buckle. We scattered like roaches at the scent of Raid. I was in a thicket, making out with Junior. His father’s timely arrival halted Junior’s land speed record for getting a girl undressed and raring to go. We stayed crouched in evergreen bushes, but Lucy kept calling us.
When we stepped into the clearing, the sheriff was reading Lucy the riot act. “Now her,” his eyes fell on me, “I could expect this from. But your daddy will lock us both up and throw away the key if he finds you partying like a hellion in heat.”
Lucy crossed her arms and belched like an alley fed wino.
The sheriff turned on me like a vapid dog. “Hasn’t your mother been in trouble enough for you to steer clear of it?”
I always knew I would leave French Lick, but in that moment of clarity, I knew I’d go as far away from this town, and my mother’s past, with all its lack of possibilities, as I could escape. Where I’m headed it would make no difference who my mother was, who my father was, or who the hell I was.
As I forced Lucy into the Cadillac, she burped out another drunken giggle, as if she thought she could laugh at my expense, too. After that night, Junior Cox was forbidden to see me. His father said he didn’t want lunatic grandchildren. I wasn’t in love, so the only thing it hurt was my pride. By the time I left for college in August, Lucy was already pregnant by Junior, and whatever his dreams were they were forever altered.
I rarely visited French Lick. I didn’t like going back because I didn’t like the reminder that I was from Nowheresville, but I made a quick trip home over summer break.
Through the smoke that my engine was emitting, Junior explained my brother’s current abode was city jail on battery charges for another bar brawl. I showed up at his bail hearing and persuaded the judge to reduce some of the charges and give my brother reasonable bail. I left the courtroom to find the sheriff waiting for me.
“Elizabeth.” He tipped his hat. “A word?”
I followed him into a small office off the courtroom. I remained standing, even when he gestured toward the chair politely. “What can I do for you, Sheriff?”
“Your brother heaps trouble on his own self. He’s in my lockup more than he’s at home. He needs to find a new outlook, or he’s going to end up in the state pen.”
“You know, Sheriff, it’s that bad seed.” My brother was a lost soul filled with anger. I knew where he was headed, and I’d tried to help, but there is only so much one person can do for another. “I’m sorry he’s such an inconvenience to your office.”
“I hear tell you’ve set your sights on law school after you graduate.”
I nodded.
He put his hand on his gun belt. “I thought by now you’d figure it out yourself, but I still don’t think you understand. That night up at the spillway, I was trying to save three kids, but I knew only one of them was salvageable. And the only way to do it was to ensure that my son wouldn’t be the one to see you stopped from leaving this town.”
The only word I uttered was, “But…”
“You were never like your mother, Elizabeth.” His stony expression didn’t change. “You’ve accomplished more than most. You’re from here, and we are proud, but you don’t belong here and I wasn’t going to let my son trap you.”
I walked to the service station to retrieve my car. I passed faces, that in the past, I thought examined me in accusation. As I paid Junior for repairing my car, he stared at me with flirtatious eyes that once had set my heart racing. The little pitter-patters were nothing compared to the way Aidan could make me feel with a simple nod of his head. When I reached out for the change, Junior held my hand. I looked up at him, confused.
“Ten more minutes in the bushes and you would have been mine to this day.”
I frowned. “Junior, we weren’t in love.”
“You weren’t, but I was crazy in love with you. And I was willing to steal your future to make my dreams come true.”
My stomach flipped. At least Junior had the guts to admit it. I didn’t respond; I simply swallowed hard and hurried out Route 56 to I-65 North. I reminded myself to stay out of French Lick, and to stay out of trouble every day since.
Now Aidan was back on campus. I knew that he was the kind of problem who could spoil perfectly good intentions with a few sweet words and a simple slip of his tongue.



8
NEVER LET THE FEAR OF STRIKING OUT GET IN YOUR WAY
Babe Ruth
Aidan
“What are you doing here this early?” Libby asked glancing at the clock over the kitchen’s pick-up window. “Don’t you have any Labor Day plans?”
“I do, with you,” I said, pecking her on the cheek before slipping onto the stool across the counter from her.
“I have to work today.” She frowned.
“I have two tickets that say otherwise.” I slipped the Cubs tickets toward her. “Vicki’s going to work for you. We can make the seven o’clock train to Chicago.”
“I can’t go,” she bit into her bottom lip. “I need to make enough to cover my rent today.”
“Vicki said you’d say that. She also told me she’d spot you because she owes you.” I smiled.
“But—”
I stood, leaned over the counter and brushed my lips over hers. “Vicki will bring you some clothes,” I murmured against her lips.
“When did you plan all this?”
“I came here last night and worked it out with Vicki.”
“She didn’t come home last night,” Libby grumbled.
I kissed her again right below her ear. “She’ll be here.”
Libby pushed me away from her pebbled skin, but held onto my shoulders. “I really don’t think it’s a good idea.”
I gave her my sexiest pout. “I’ll be good.”
“That’s what I’m worried about.”
I chuckled as Vicki rushed in, looking disheveled and downright hung over. She pushed a bag at Libby, forcing her to take it. “It’s time to live a little.”
“Where have you been all night?” Libby asked of Vicki.
“Having one hell of a good time.” She cocked her hip as she removed Libby’s apron and tied it around herself. “Now it’s your turn, go on now, get!”
“I can’t deny you both,” Libby said, taking the bag and disappearing into the kitchen.
“I appreciate it Vicki,” I said as I took off my ball cap and scratched the back of my head. “Don’t worry I won’t screw it up.”
“I’m a little more worried about you screwing her over than screwing it up.” Vicki raised her eyebrow so that it touched her purple bangs.
I was about to say that Libby wouldn’t let that happen, but I caught sight of her coming out of the kitchen. She wore denim shorts that made her legs look miles long, and her red-and-white striped long sleeve T-shirt appeared conservative at first, until the wide neck opening slipped off her shoulder revealing a swath of bare skin almost to her elbow. I couldn’t locate a bra strap and I was dying to know what she had on under her shirt. She slipped on her pink-framed sunglasses on and asked, “What?”
I wasn’t about to say or do anything that would give her a reason to change her mind. At least until I got her on the train to Chicago, then she was mine, all mine for an entire day. Vicki handed me a cardboard tray with coffees and a brown paper sack and guided us out of the Waffle House as she turned over the open sign. We walked the couple of blocks to the train station hand in hand in companionable silence.
Once we boarded the train we had seats facing each other and no one else was around us. I sat in the center of my bench seat, my long legs on either side of hers. I opened the sack and examined the contents while Libby sipped her coffee. I broke the lemon poppy seed muffin in half and extended it toward her. She took it and nibbled at the edges of it while I watched her, when I refused to look away she pushed her sunglasses up on her head. “What?”
The train pulled out of the station. I smirked. “I wish you’d do that to my mouth,” I said, squeezing her legs between mine.
She cocked her head to the side and examined me from my baseball hat to right below my belt buckle before she focused on my face again. I think all my color must have flooded my cheeks because she’d never zeroed in on any particular part of my body before and the thought of her thinking about what I’d been thinking about doing to her since the moment I’d laid eyes on her turned me on.
“We’re just friends, remember?” She popped the last bit of muffin into her mouth and picked up a section of her hair and twirled it around her index finger.
“Libby, I kiss you all the time.” I raised a brow.
She shrugged and her shirt slipped down her arm. “Friendly affection.”
“Why do you always try to put me in the friend zone?” I asked grumpily.
“Why do you always try to get into my no-no zone?”
I took off my baseball cap and bent the brim into a shape I liked before replacing it with mechanical moves that I’d done hundreds of times. “Because you’re hot and I want you.”
Libby played with fuzz on the front of her T-shirt. “We have fun together, we flirt, we kiss sometimes, but I’m not going there with you Aidan. I can’t.”
“Why not? You want me. I want you.”
“This isn’t a game for me, this is my real life. I don’t ever want to be ‘just some girl’ to anyone.” She glanced around the train car. “Especially to you.”
“You’re not ‘just some girl’.” I exhaled. “Most of the time you’re ‘the girl’.”
“I want to be ‘the girl’ all the time Aidan, most of the time isn’t enough for me.” She smiled in spite of the sadness she had in her eyes. “Let’s have a fun day together and forget about all of the other stuff.”
“OK,” I said, but I wanted to argue with her and tell her I’d make her my all of the time girl in a heartbeat. I knew deep inside it was a promise I couldn’t keep right now. I had the Olympics to think about and being called up to the minors. I couldn’t make her guarantees I wouldn’t be able to keep. I couldn’t lie to Libby, if she was anyone else, but she’d become my closest confidant. I wasn’t going to mislead her. I smiled at her until my dimple ached, at least I had today and I’d make the most of it. “Did you work at the Waffle House in high school?” I asked, searching for a neutral topic.
“No, I didn’t grow up in Bloomington.” She glanced out the window at the cornfields.
That was curious, how could she be a cutter if she didn’t grow up in Bloomington? She didn’t elaborate so I said, “I grew up in Chicago.”
“I thought you were from California.”
“My parents moved there after I graduated from high school. We still have a house in Chicago.”
“So you know your way around the city?” Her eyes brightened.
“Yep, and I intend on taking you to all the best spots,” I picked up her hand and pulled her onto the seat alongside me. I put my arm around her and when she relaxed into me I kissed her temple softly. She sighed and closed her eyes. I let the train sooth us into a calm slumber.
Once we arrived in Chicago and came out of Union Station Libby was giddy with excitement. She’d never been to a big city and I was determined to show her the time of her life. We hailed a cab and I instructed the driver to take us to Buckingham Fountain. It was a beautiful early fall day and the fountains were still on. Libby marveled at the architecture of the city behind the fountain and the expanse of lake lying in front of us like a beautiful blue green sheet of glass. Next, we went to North Avenue beach, when we got out of the cab I saw a hot dog vendor. We ate Chicago style hot dogs and tamales in the sand with the smell of charcoal and Labor Day cookouts hanging in the air. It was warm enough that a people were enjoying the sunshine and sand while flying kites and taking a final dip in the lake.
I looked at my watch; it was almost one so I figured we better head to the ballpark. When we arrived at Wrigley it was chaos outside, but we made it to our seats just as the National Anthem started playing. We had good tickets, behind home plate because someone in the front office knew my brother. The game was in the second inning when someone tapped my shoulder from behind; I turned and shook hands with the man standing in the aisle. “Can I have a few minutes of your time Palowski?” he asked, straightening his tie as his eyes traveled over Libby’s legs.
Libby gave me a quizzical brow, but I kissed her temple. “I’ll be right back,” I said to her before I slipped out of my seat and walked up the stadium stairs to the landing.
“How are you doing kid?” he asked casually.
“You want stats?” I chuckled, “Or do you want to know if I’ve decided on an agent?”
Cyrus Fletcher glanced back at my seat with interest. “That your girlfriend?”
“Something like that,” I growled, feeling possessive.
“Pretty.” He looked back at me. “In a small town sort of way. But you my friend are headed to the big leagues, super money and super models.”
“You do realize I’m not some impoverished kid from the South Side?” I asked.
“I know all about your Gold Coast background and your All American Big Ten education. Business, right?”
“Yeah, I’m a business major.”
“Then you know to always invest wisely. I’m the only agent in the Midwest big enough to handle you.” He handed me a gold embellished business card. “When you’re ready call me.” I watched him walk off. God he was a cocky bastard, but I appreciated his arrogance. He knew how to get a job done and done right the first time I thought as I found my way back to Libby. I smiled at her as I sat down.
For everything he knew about sports, he was wrong about one thing, Libby wasn’t small town beautiful she was all around gorgeous; the kind of woman a man could take anywhere and be proud that she was his. The problem was Libby’s love demanded a high price. Not only would I have to give her mine in return, but she also makes me question everything—even the goal I’ve held since—that terrible night. Why am I living in my childhood when I could step into the future with the girl that may be a once in a lifetime chance? I’d always thought I’d become a man the day I suffered his loss, but maybe I missed some emotional growing up along the way.
I leaned forward with my elbows resting on my knees. It had always been difficult for me watching a game from anywhere other than a dug out. I got antsy when I had no control over the outcome of the game.
Libby put her hand on my shoulder and then ran it down my back. Her touch jolted me at first and then it did something it had never done before, it soothed me. I looked at her; she gave me a gentle smile. I grinned back. I was a goner. I was drowning in her fiery green eyes. The thing was I couldn’t imagine wanting to be anywhere else at this moment, even the ball field I’d imagined playing on since my first little league game wasn’t enough to pull away from her touch.



9
DID MY HEART LOVE ‘TIL NOW?
Romeo & Juliet
Libby
“Everything okay?” I asked, placing my hand on Aidan’s back.
“Yeah.” Aidan glanced at the batter stepping out of the box and taking a few practice swings before he turned his eyes back on me.
“Who was that?” What I wanted to ask was: Who was the arrogant ass that gave my legs a once over about thirty seconds too long? But I restrained myself.
“Some big shot lawyer who wants to be my agent.”
“Can he talk to you?” I frowned. “Aren’t there rules about agents and managers talking to you?”
“He’s of the ‘rules are meant to be broken’ philosophy.” Aidan smirked.
Ah someone Aidan can share a life philosophy with; someone just as cocky and self assured as he was with a few more years of experience and little more education. They’d be a deadly combination.
“What? No commentary?” he asked.
I shrugged. “Where’d he go to law school?” I asked.
“Somewhere back east, I think.” He chuckled and eyed the field for a moment. “Why, you thinking of going?”
I was kind of insulted that Aidan didn’t think that I could go, but then again he was blind to the fact that I was on track to graduate right alongside him next spring. My LSAT scores we’re good and my applications had already gone out. Aidan was caught up in his own world of athletic dominance and I couldn’t fault him, he had a lot to look forward too, and he’d worked hard to obtain it. I was an aside—a pause away from the reality of his future stardom.
If I’d made it easy on him in the beginning and given in physically we’d never have been friends, or whatever we we’re now. I couldn’t fault him finding out the truth about who I was when I hadn’t offered him much information. I’d kept everything about myself private and allowed him to make assumptions as he saw fit, so I couldn’t blame him when I didn’t like what he came up with. I could’ve set him straight but I didn’t want to fear the rejection, and if he couldn’t accept me as a cutter nobody I wasn’t going to sell him myself on the back of my future. It was better this way, he would go to the big leagues and I would go to law school, we’d never cross paths again once school was over.
“Why so sad?” he asked, his eyes trained on me.
“Nothing.” I smiled over brightly to recover. “Why?”
“You know it’s not too late, you could go to college.” Aidan put his arm around the back of my seat. “You’re way smarter than most of the girls at IU.”
I glanced around at the crowd. “Trust me I have a plan.”
“Something tells me not only do you have one, you’ll see it through to the end.”
I shrugged.
He leaned in along my ear. “You’re the most stubborn girl I’ve ever known.”
“This coming from the guy with more single minded determination and focus than I’ve ever seen.”
“Really?” He chuckled, raising a cocky brow into the brim of his baseball cap. “Cause I haven’t gotten a whole lot of what I want lately.”
“What do you really want?” I asked.
“I want to play out there someday.” Aidan indicated the field with his head.
I laughed, but I knew he’d make it. He’d broken just about every record there was at IU, he was major material and everyone knew it. “Of course, more baseball? More blondes? More broken baseball records?”
“Blondes?” he asked, as if that was the most important part of my statement.
“Most of your girlfriends are of the blonde playmate variety.”
He chuckled. “You’ve done some research?”
“Just a simple Google search, no private investigators or anything.” I chuckled at his shocked expression.
“I’ve always thought blondes are fun to play with, but I think dark haired beauties are forever material.”
I folded my arm across my middle protectively. “Why’s that?”
“My mom’s a brunette.” He glanced at my bust line. “You’re a brunette.”
He did that a lot, say something semiserious but he’d resort to sexual innuendo to diminish it. It’s why I never knew what to think when I was with him.
“How many woman have you ever taken the time to get to know, and I’m not talking sexually here?”
“One.”
“One?” I repeated shocked. “Your mom?”
“No,” he murmured, “You, and only you.”
I chortled at his ridiculous notion. “You think you know me, that the depth of our casual flirtation is real for you?”
“I know you on the inside Libby. I know subtle things about you like the slight sigh you make when I kiss you.” He paused and scratched his sideburn. “The way your lashes brush your cheeks when I move in for that kiss. The way you care about your friends before yourself. I know that you’re hiding things about your past because you think I’ll think less of you. I know you have some deep seeded daddy issues and it’s why you try to keep me at arm’s length. I know you were neglected somewhat as a child, but probably not abused. I know someone’s hurt you, let you down in a way in which you can’t seem to quite overcome yet.”
I’m sure every ounce of color drained from my shocked face. “Your minor in psych is paying dividends.” My eyes teared up, but I brushed them away. If he thought he was the only one who could hit the target head on, he was wrong. “What do you want from me Aidan?”
He looked out at the crowd, at the families around us, and then out at the clay field beyond. “I wish I knew for sure what it was or how to get it.”
I got to my feet, needing the distance. “I have to go the ladies room,” I said as a way of escape.
Aidan snatched my hand as I stepped over him. “I’m sorry, Libby.”
“It’s okay, I’ve known from the beginning that there were things that we’d never be able to give each other.” I brushed away my tears. “We’re on different roads going in two different directions. There’s no reason to go off course now.”
“You want me to go with you?” he asked.
Go with me? Go with me to law school? Oh, He’d only meant go with me to the restrooms, not go with me where ever I was headed in life.
“No, I’m going to walk around a bit, clear my head.” I laughed to conceal my hurt and leaned into him. “There are several blondes in this section with their eyes on you.”
Aidan squeezed my hand. “That’s not even funny at this point.”
“It’s all I’ve got Band-Aid, sorry.” I started up the steps, I glanced back and his eyes were trained on me as if he was torn between giving in and giving up.
I’d have to be strong enough to keep us both on track because if I screwed up and put my goals behind the dream of him, I’d lose everything. He was a fantasy that would never be mine.



10
MOST BALL GAMES ARE LOST, NOT WON
Casey Stengel
Aidan
David was the only person who knew Libby meant something more than a conquest to me. In the beginning, she was just a goal, but she soon became the first girl I wanted to spend all my time with. We always had something to talk about, and even when we didn’t speak, I felt at ease in the silence and comforted by her presence. Even after I couldn’t commit to her in Chicago, I didn’t have the strength to let her go and she seemed content to let things fade away between us.
David knew about the continuing clandestine meetings on campus. How I waited for her to get off work so I could spend some time with her before baseball practice. How I went to the library every night to study, just so I could sit at the same table as her. He knew about the long letters I wrote her on road trips. Letters I never mailed. He knew, better than I did, that there was no way around Libby.
We had a Halloween party at our apartment. Libby, Vicki, and Jenny were Charlie’s angels. Libby was the dark haired intelligent angel and it was apparent to everyone I acted like a lost puppy around her.
Even when she went off on my roommates about the boinking room, I took her side. I tried to silence her with my tongue, but she wouldn’t have it. Libby said, “The only thing that amazes me is that you boys’ didn’t have the foresight to put in a drive-thru-window.”
My roommates thought a drive-thru was an excellent idea and continued to discuss the concept into the early morning hours, when it dwindled down to a raunchy low.
By that time, Libby was tipsy enough that she didn’t have a retort. I talked her into spending the night; platonically, of course, assuring her that I would sleep on the floor. I dropped onto the hardwood the moment she came into my room. In the dark, she stripped off her jeans and pulled one of my T-shirts over her head. The filtered light from the blinds afforded me an excellent view of her toned backside. When her head popped through the shirt hole, she looked down at me and caught me checking her out.
“You’re being lecherous again.” She tried to say but lecherous sounded more like leprechaun as she weaved in place. I stood to make sure she made it into the bed.
“Oh boy, here we go.” I snagged her around the waist and pushed her back into my pillows.
She held fast onto my arm. “You can sleep with me, if you promise to be good.”
I raised an eyebrow. “I’m very good at this.”
“I mean it, Aidan.”
I climbed in alongside her and forced myself to breathe in calm breaths. She was passed out in minutes. I wrapped the length of my body around her and fell into a deep slumber myself.
Dawn cast eerie shadows over the ceiling of my room. I could make out Libby’s features that had been hidden in the darkest hours of night. I’d ended up on my back and she was asleep on my chest with her leg thrown across my thighs. Thank God I had on flannel pants because I didn’t think I could stand to have her silky thighs rubbing over mine. I had been in throbbing pain most of the night. Keeping her in my bed and restraining myself was going to be a lot tougher to achieve than striking out the top of the order. I hadn’t required a cold shower since high school, but one particular girl was running up my water bill lately.
When I moved to get out of bed, Libby’s head fell back and her glossy hair cascaded over my bare torso and arms, sending any blood I had in my body to a very concentrated area. Her mouth was open in her slumber, and I couldn’t resist the silent call of her lips. I did what I’d been unable to do while she was conscious: I explored her mouth without reservation or hesitation. When I did, she kissed me back hungrily in her sleep. Who she thought she was kissing escaped my mind as her hand slid down my body, coming to rest at my waistband. I was on fire, and I think I needed more than a cold shower. Too bad there weren’t any snow banks in October in Indiana. I could have thrown myself into one right about then.
I forced myself out onto the front porch to retrieve the newspaper. There was a chill in the morning air, but not cold enough to plow through my lust. I sat at the kitchen table reading the sports page while coffee brewed. When I went back to my room to wake Libby, she was towel drying her hair. I came to a complete halt and cleared my throat.
“You took a shower?” I asked.
“I tried, but there was so much mildew on the shower door that I stuck my head under the sink faucet.” She frowned. “Are you going to stand there staring at me all day?” she asked, eyeing the cup of coffee in my hands.
“Depends on how soon you’re going to take off my towel.” I gave her a sexy smile, before extending her the hot beverage.
She peered into the cup and sniffed the contents.
“Just the way you like it. Cream, one equal.”
She breathed in the coffee before taking a sip and closing her eyes.
I recovered the towel she’d used for her hair while she picked her clothes up off the floor.
“I’ll shower and take you home.”
“I’m going to the library.”
I said okay, but I was kind of peeved that she still wouldn’t let me know where she lived.
On the way to the bathroom, I pulled the towel to my face and sucked in the scent of Libby: minty and clean. As I took my next gulp of gloriousness, I caught my reflection in the mirror, sniffing the towel. Man, I had it bad, bone-hard-deep-bad. I wondered if I could get the shower head to spit ice chips. I clenched my teeth as the water cascaded over me, making me feel like myself. I knew the throbbing would return, but it felt good to be contained again.
Libby burst through the bathroom door, her towel barely gathered over her voluptuous breasts. I was right back where I’d started.
“Have you seen this?” She shrilled, as I shut off the water and reached for a towel. The glass shower door was a little steamed, but as soon as she took in all my glory, she had to choose between covering her eyes, keeping hold of her towel, and the newspaper.
And I thought, have you seen this, had new meaning for her.
Covering her eyes and gripping the towel took precedent. The newspaper fell at my feet as she fled the bathroom.
I dried off, taking my time and smiling at myself as I shaved before I retrieved the dampened newsprint. I leaned against the sink and read the article about the Saint Louis Cardinals considering calling me up to their minor league team.
Libby was dressed when I entered my room. I handed her the paper and slipped my arms around her. “I’m not going anywhere until I’m finished with school.” I winked at her. “Plus, you and I have things to settle between us.”
“Like what?” She looked up, flushed.
“Those lustful thoughts you’re dealing with right now.”
She went full out red. “I do not lust for you.”
“Really? I could swear you looked at me a lot longer than necessary in the shower. And for the record, I’m not complaining, because I liked the way you looked, with your towel barely on and a blush on your cheeks.”
“You couldn’t see me blush. I turned away.”
“I saw a blush on your cheeks all right, but perhaps we’re talking about different cheeks. I was talking about these.” And I slid my hands from her waist to her buttocks, squeezing them and pulling them toward me as I kissed her.
She tried to wiggle out of my grasp, but I had the ultimate handful of her. When she managed to pull her mouth away from me, she said, “We’ve got to stop doing that.”
“Just as soon as you become less enticing.”
Later that afternoon, when David and I were cleaning up, he asked me when I was going to tell Libby I was in love with her and dump the girlfriend I never saw or wanted to see. I laughed off his comments, saying, “Libby and I are playing around. She knows the score.”
“You do know that it’s all right to care for someone who’s not like you, right? Just because she doesn’t have a prep school education doesn’t mean she isn’t the right person for you.”
“What’s she going to do, work at IHop while I’m in the big league? My parents would have a melt down. My dad’s not happy I didn’t attend Harvard. My mother isn’t too hot on the idea of me becoming a baseball player. I bring a cutter home, and she’s going to have an epileptic fit. She thinks Andy was exposed to the wrong sort of influences because of baseball.” I kept trying to convince myself that she didn’t matter. That I needed to concentrate on baseball and my future, but I kept on seeking her out, she was like a bad habit that I couldn’t break.
“Are you sure that your future doesn’t include her?”
“She’s different from any other girl I’ve known, but whatever it is, it’s over when school’s over. I’ll forget about her.” As if in saying the words, I could make it so.
David’s exact words were this: “Some people you’re not meant to forget.”
As October bled into November I’d been trying my damnedest to forget her, as if with the falling temperatures I could freeze her out. Even after all the truths that we’d shared on out trip to Chicago I still came up with reasons that would bring me back to her.
Today was her birthday, and I stood outside the Waffle House at four thirty in the morning so I could give her the flowers I had bought for her birthday. I had a travel game today, so I waited in the drizzle for her to start her five-to-one shift.
She was surprised to see me, because I had asked her when her birthday was months ago, and she’d never mentioned it again. She ushered me into the building, as she opened up the restaurant. Then she placed the first order of steaming pancakes in front of me, as she admired the long stem roses in the art glass vase.
Her birthday card I’d signed with a flourish. I’d almost written Love, Aidan. As I watched her now, I knew I should’ve signed it just so. I was head over heels for her, but she scared the hell out of me.
Libby was the first thing in my life that didn’t go off exactly as I’d planned it and I didn’t know what I was going to do to deal with that new reality.



11
THINK YOU I AM NO STRONGER THAN MY SEX
Julius Caesar
Libby
The week before classes resumed from Christmas break, most students were straggling back in twos or threes. They came back early to reschedule classes, or ditch troubled roommates, or because they had had too much of their parents. Everyone was bundled up against the bitter cold that overtook Bloomington New Year’s Eve.
I had received a letter today that I had been wait-listed for Harvard Law School. I was devastated. I’d gotten into plenty of other schools but it had been a dream I’d held onto for a long time. I knew the bars on Kirkwood Avenue wouldn’t solve a damn thing in my world of postgraduate problems, but I talked Jenny and Vicki into going there anyway.
We had hit several local bars, and Jenny was having the time of her life, but Vicki decided to bail. She had some matchmaking scheme of her own up her sleeve, so I let her go. During the course of the evening, Jenny became the focal point of two eager frat boys.
Sigma Pi, which spelled: Sigma Pig, big trouble.
Frat boys were as bad as the jocks in their feelings of superiority, as if the vetting process of competitive sports, and fraternity initiation entitled them to almost any girl they wanted. And they also felt emboldened to have her any way they wanted, especially a cutter who was never wooed in any way.
I sank into a booth in the far dark corner, feeling the weight of that on my shoulders. Then I sunk even further when I thought of Harvard. It was a dream I would have to give up on, just like him. I knew that Band-Aid probably felt that I was more than another conquest, but he wasn’t going to act on it. I wondered why he put so much effort in pretending that we were friends. For the past few months we spent so much time together that hardly a day went by when he didn’t sneak up on me somewhere. It was becoming harder to resist him, and I was relieved when he went to California for Christmas.
After three days, I missed him so bad I thought I would die, but I’d break my fingers to stop them from dialing his number. He’d told me to call him, but my pride prevented me from doing it. I couldn’t be the one to call him when he was in California when his girlfriend was probably there. I didn’t want to give him the impression that I was chasing him. I mean, hadn’t I been born and bred on table scraps, hand-me-down clothes and left over emotions?
The bathroom door opened and shut behind me. Dilley’s reeked of beer and various other fragrances that made me queasy. The stagnant air and empty spaces where I could see mold on the stained floor reinforced the dirty feel of the place. There were always too many excited bodies crowded into the vibrating base to pay much attention to the décor, but with the place almost empty, I had a lot more ground to observe. Yuck!
I caught occasional glimpses of Jenny gyrating on the dance floor. She grew more animated as the libations flowed and the pigs became more physically aggressive. The scary part was that the two obnoxious frat boys had now multiplied into four. Frat boys are like that. They took turns dancing with Jenny. They had laid out a lot of cash for drinks with every expectation of a return on their investment later in the evening.
Once the guys started grinding on her, I got an uncomfortable feeling in the pit of my stomach. A pockmarked guy, with greasy red hair, put his slimy superior frat hands on Jenny’s breasts without a thought about it. She was so out of her mind drunk that she smiled affectionately in response. It was an inappropriate reaction to that kind of man handling, and I for one had seen enough.
And I was sober enough to put a stop to this. I went to the backdoor and pushed it open so I could get a decent cell signal. A girl straddled a guy on a cane ice cream chair, huddled into a dark corner. She had her skirt at the very top of her thighs and was doing God only knew what to him. I watched them with a strange combination of horror and excitement as the phone rang and rang.
Finally, Vicki picked up, she sounded like she’d been running track when she answered. I explained the dire situation; the need for immediate transportation, and Vicki said she’d be out in front of the bar in ten minutes. She was as flighty as a night bird, but she was dependable and loyal to a fault.
Two of the frat boys sauntered past me on their way to the restroom. The one with the black, slicked back hair was the leader of the little pack, and his companion was a measly-faced guy who walked behind him licking up breadcrumbs. I had worked myself into a temper, as I walked across the dance floor and approached what was left of the group. Jenny was with only one lecher now. I hoped that would bode well for the outcome.
“Okay, Jenny, time to hit the road.” I put my hands on her bare forearms, trying to guide her toward the exit.
Zit-face said, “We have dibs on her tonight.”
“I don’t think so,” I hissed. “Let’s go, Jenny. Vicki’s going to pick us up out front.”
Slick returned from the restroom. I thought it would have taken his lackey longer to wipe his ass, but he stepped between us, forcing me to drop my grip on Jenny.
I nodded at the bartenders, and they picked up bats and prepared to jump over the bar. They were both cutters I knew from the Waffle House and they’d love nothing better than to cave in some frat boy heads.
I stood toe to toe with Slick. The self-ascribed leader of the pack minced no slurred words. “I don’t think you heard my brothers. This young lady is going to be this evening’s entertainment.”
“Listen, dick head,” I leaned into his face, although I wanted to recoil from his bad breath. “She isn’t going to be your entertainment.”
“If you don’t walk away now, you’re going to come home with us, too, and you can go first.”
“No means no!” I screamed into Slick’s snarling face.
“You look tastier than your friend,” he said as he grabbed the back of my neck, pushing me toward the door, but I wasn’t going down without a fight. I dug in my heels and reiterated that no one was going home with them. The bartenders hurdled the bar like track stars. I hoped they got here soon.
“Let’s go.” Slick pinched my collarbone harder.
I smiled, hoping to intensify my next words. “Go fuck yourself.”
Slick put his hand on my breast and twisted it cruelly. “No, but I will fuck you until you can’t walk.”
Ouch. I was going to kill him. If temper was enough, I stood one hell of a chance, but the guy had a foot of height and at least seventy-five pounds on me. Despite all of that, I had no intention of leaving with him and his scuzzy friends.
I drew back my free arm and clocked him in the nose with the heel of my hand, exactly the way I had seen demonstrated on a self-defense video.
I heard a pop.
Then a stream of blood streaked across the floor like an autograph. He cursed.
I grabbed the leader by the balls and I twisted.
He grabbed me by the hair in retaliation and the harder he pulled, the harder I twisted. I used my knee to make contact with his groin. I smiled when he bellowed and released my hair. That’s when the free-for-all started.
Jenny sobered up enough to garner the necessity of action in a hostile situation, giving a hard shove to the man nearest her. The pack leader was on the floor now, but his second-in-command stepped forward. He had the unoriginal nerve to pull and twist my breast. I yelped. Before I could claw his eyeballs out, the entire bar erupted into a fight all around me.
I tried not to slip in the blood, when someone’s large hand clamped onto my wrist. I was captured, and being pulled toward the door. I could see the top of Jenny’s head as she made a break for it in front of me. I fought with all my might until the mysterious hand picked me up, tossed me over his shoulder and carried me toward the entrance. All I could see were his jeans and Timberland hiking boots. I slapped my attackers back, but it was like slapping a slab of meat, very muscular meat.
I kicked my abductor in the gut with my boots. I threw some serious punches. My boots were getting a little too close to Mr. Happy for his liking, so he tightened his arms like a vise grip, trying to still my legs. When I didn’t cooperate, he ran his bare hand up the back of my thigh. I thought his intention was to swat me, but as his hand worked its way up past the hem of my skirt, it continued until it met bare skin at the top of my thigh high tights.
He almost dropped me in the doorway. He actually stumbled, and I prayed that he would go down, but he recovered and slammed through the door right behind Jenny.
Jenny stood on the sidewalk, shivering and shrieking with laughter as the first campus police cars pulled up. I was placed on the ground, and my kidnapper was revealed to me. I had my nails ready to scratch his eyes out. When I absorbed who it was, Band-Aid in the flesh, as if I’d conjured him, I retracted the nails.
He shoved Jenny into the deepest part of the doorway of the shop next door to the bar, before pushing me against the wall of the same entryway. He pressed his body against mine, before placing me in a serious lip lock. When I tried to protest, he sucked on my tongue until I surrendered. I didn’t want to oblige him, but me angry was one thing; I’m a Weeble. Aidan angry was a whole other world. He’s a six-foot-five GI Joe commando in assault mode, and I was going to have to surrender.
Reality returned when I heard the deep muffled sound of a man clearing his throat. Since I had my mouth locked on the only male in the vicinity, I decided that I’d better stop and pay attention.
A police officer stood in the doorway. He shined his flashlight into our eyes for a moment. “You’re going to get more than frostbite if you keep that up,” he snickered. “You know what went down in Dilley’s?”
I was too shocked to speak. Lucky for me, Band-Aid wasn’t so tongue-tied. “Sorry. We’ve been out here for quite some time.”
The officer seemed anything but convinced. “You two love birds best be gone when I come out of that bar, or you’re going down to the station with the rest of them.” The radio on his shoulder heralded the sound of reinforcements.
“Yes sir,” Band-Aid said as the officer disappeared.
I sucked in deep breaths, and not from the officer, but from the lip lock. “Holy shit.”
“Finally, you grasp the gravity of the situation,” he said.
If he wanted to think the cop was what worried me, so be it. I shivered, and he slipped off his lightweight down coat, putting it around my shoulders before pulling me toward him by the lapels. “I don’t like walking into a bar and finding some frat boy with his hands on your merchandise.”
A car horn rung out; Aidan didn’t loosen his grasp as he glanced around. I looked around the corner, pulling the big boy along with me. Jenny tore out from her hiding place. She jumped into the car without so much as a backward glance at me, the friend who had saved her virtue. Band-Aid waved Vicki off with one hand while he held me in place with his other.
I kicked him in the shin to get his attention. “Hey, that’s my ride, too. It’s too cold to walk tonight,” I said, watching the tail lights fade farther and farther away.
“It’s not your ride this evening. You’ve got some ’splaining to do,” he said in his best Ricky Ricardo voice, which I had to admit was very sexy. He pulled me closer, and rubbed his cold nose against mine, before nibbling on my bottom lip. It was a gentle caress this time, but something in the way he restrained himself held a note of reckoning.
I should’ve run, kicking and screaming after my ride, but I couldn’t pull myself out of his embrace. I rubbed my cold nose along his neckline, close to the collar of his cotton-ribbed shirt. It seemed to jolt him into action, and he pulled me into his embrace, slipping his hands inside his jacket and around me.
“You scared the crap out of me in there.” He nibbled his way back to my mouth, where he kissed and licked my bottom lip before taking possession of my mouth. I could taste beer on his tongue. When he pulled away, we were both panting. “Frat boys? Don’t you have enough sense not to mess with frat boys?”
“I was not messing with them; I tried to get Jenny to see her recklessness when all hell broke loose.”
He had his arm around my neck and he maneuvered me onto the sidewalk. When we reached the parking lot, he pulled me close again and kissed my temple. “Let’s get somewhere warmer, so when I beat you frostbite won’t stop you from feeling it.”
I pushed him off me, sticking my arms into the sleeves of his jacket. I breathed in the deep, spicy smell of him. “When did frat boys become your enemy anyway?”
“We became mortal enemies as soon as he put his hand on a part of your body that should be reserved for someone with more reverence in mind. I swear if I see that son-of-a bitch again, I’m going to rearrange his zit-filled face.” He put his finger in a belt loop of my denim skirt, directing me. He pulled me alongside a brand new shiny red sports car. It was like a beautiful present sitting all by its lonesome. Of course it would have to be Prince Charming’s chariot.
“Santa must be generous in California.”
“He certainly is more liberal.” He flashed that playboy smile, and a piece of his dark wavy hair, which he grew out in the off-season, fell across his brow. He opened my door and pushed me in, before he got behind the wheel. He revved the engine trying to get the car to warm up.
I relaxed into my heated leather seat, praying he wasn’t going to try to rev me up the same way.



12
IF WINNING ISN’T EVERYTHING, WHY DO THEY KEEP SCORE?
Vince Lombardi
Aidan
The moment I crossed the threshold of the bar I knew I had two choices: put my hands on her and let the chips fall where they may or put them around the guy’s neck making a nuisance out of himself. The latter would probably end me up in jail.
So I chose Libby.
Once outside, I claimed her like her smiles were mine, and my lips were a brand that sealed us together.
I couldn’t help my physical response. I’d tried for months to stop myself from craving Libby, but she made me crazy, and if I didn’t do something physical with her, I would explode. Then she swore with that filthy little mouth of hers. I knew how that mouth tasted, and while the words might be dirty, her mouth was ripe for the taking.
The feel of her silky lips on mine shot through me like lightning, raising every hair on my body. Holy mother of God, I was damning myself, I wanted her in the most primitive way.
I reached across her to belt her in as she brushed the hair out of my eyes. I pulled her hand from my brow and placed a soft kiss in her palm, before shifting into first and pulling into the light traffic. As I made my way across campus we didn’t speak.
Libby seemed to be lulled into a contented semi-drunk stupor. We made it to my apartment complex and into the deserted parking lot. I pulled into a spot, but didn’t cut the engine, waiting for her to protest.
“I drove straight here from California.” I gave her a sideways smile. “I was supposed to take three days, but all I could think about was seeing you again, so I kept on driving. Did Mr. Rodgers tell you I called on Christmas Eve?”
She shook her head no. “He’s either becoming more forgetful or purposely neglectful.”
“I didn’t think he would. He thinks I’m going to hurt you.”
Her eyes searched mine. “Are you?”
“Like you’d let me.” I reached into the console and removed a small box, wrapped with silver paper. “Merry Christmas, Libby.” I placed it in her trembling hands.
She hesitated long enough for me to wrap her fingers around the small box. “No strings attached.”
Libby carefully tore the paper open, revealing an engraved box with a lid. Inside was a navy blue velvet jeweler’s box with a silver logo. She sprang the lid open. She had pointed to this green enameled stack ring in some magazine months ago. I tore it out of its cradle and slipped in on her finger. “It’s the exact color of your eyes.” I kissed her knuckles right where it met the ring. “Let’s go inside, it’s getting colder out here.”
I helped her up the icy stairs, because she was a little inebriated, and it was slippery. We skidded and laughed down the exterior hallway until we made it to my door. She knew that my apartment was empty and that we would be alone. She could’ve asked me to drive her home, and I would’ve without asking questions.
We stepped into the darkened apartment. I flipped on the light switch, illuminating the living room. I hit the thermostat, and peeled off her jacket, before I knelt in front of her and unzipped her tall boots. I rubbed both of her legs, trying to warm them. When she didn’t flinch away, I continued up her skirt until I met bare skin, again. “This is when I almost dropped you.”
She smiled with those sparkling green eyes, and I groaned deep in my throat.
Libby jumped away at the primal sound.
As I got to my feet, I pulled her toward me and our eyes locked. “I don’t know what to do with you sometimes.” I turned her toward the sofa and patted her derriere, urging her in that direction. “I’ll get us something to drink.”
When I came back with two bottles, beer for me and water for her. She rearranged her skirt and sweater. I presented her with the water; she looked up at me and frowned before she took the beer. I raised a brow in question and she broke eye contact.
“What happened?” I used one hand to pull her head up by the chin. “It’s not like you to party like that.”
“And what’s this?” she asked, taking and chugging the beer. “You adding to my demise?”
“The thought crossed my mind.” I reached out and stroked her cheek. “I was on my best behavior, until I ran into the thigh-highs. Now my mind is stuck in the gutter. You’ve been driving me crazy for over a year. How much is a guy supposed to be able to take?”
“I wouldn’t know. How much can you take?”
I arched an eyebrow, cleared my throat, and shrugged. I had no idea how much more I could take, I had no idea that I could go without for this long, so this was all unchartered territory for me. With that, I decided to change the subject. We talked about the holidays for quite a while. I told her that I went skiing and surfing while I was home. I told her how excited I was that this was my last semester, and that several scouts were coming to look at me.
When I extended a second beer in her direction, she didn’t take it at first, instead she pulled her sweater over her head.
She wore a very thin T-shirt. I gaped at her unrestrained bust line. Removing the sweater might have been the trigger. I barely got the bottles on the table, before I drew her onto my lap. She straddled me, so her skirt hiked up, revealing the lace edge of her tights and a sliver of bare flesh. My groin tightened, and I mumbled ‘have mercy’ under my breath. I put my hands on her thighs and slid my way up to the juncture of her torso, while capturing her mouth.
Her bare skin was the most fabulous thing I had ever felt. I kissed her lips, her neck, back to her cheeks, sucking her bottom lip. I kept her steady at the waist, rubbing my thumb over her rib cage, and brushing the underside of her breasts with each stroke. My thumbs skimmed over a spot so sensitive that she jumped back for air. I didn’t know how much further we would go. I gently drew her forward by the back of her neck so that our foreheads rested together. When I opened my eyes, I stared directly into her soul for long, shaky breaths.
“Libby, I want you,” I said through jagged lung function.
She pulled her bottom lip between her teeth and nibbled.
I yanked my shirt out of my jeans and over my head in a single motion. She scored my flesh with her fingertips, touching every ab, and I was a goner. When she reached my waistband, I drew in a hiss. “Your turn, babe,” I said, but I didn’t lunge for the edge of her tight fitting T-shirt.
She dragged the T-shirt over her head, and as her arms came loose, her ponytail unfurled. Her hair fell in waves. The length of it trailed past her breasts, like the veil of a Madonna. It was the most wanton thing I’d ever seen.
I tugged on a silky twine of her hair that rested on her shoulder. “You haven’t asked me to stop.” I wrapped the hair around my finger, using it to direct her toward me, and I kissed her like I had kissed no other woman in the world.
I swept her hair behind her shoulders, so I could stare at her luxurious body, before I drew her to my chest where our torsos melded together. I sucked in deep breaths, battling for composure, as I fingered each disc of her spine so softly that I left a trail of goose bumps.
We found each other’s mouths again. I slid the zipper of her skirt down. I was going to explode if we didn’t continue, and I was going to combust if we did. I pushed her onto her back across my lap. Her rump landed on the sofa, but her splayed thighs were in my lap. I moaned again. Our mouths were locked together, as I skimmed the skirt down her legs until it found the pile of our discarded clothing.
I took in the display before me. My body thrummed with an erratic rhythm, and she arched against me. As I ran my long fingers up her body, our eyes met and locked.
I kissed her, with a rhythm that sang through my blood. I picked her up and carried her toward the back of the apartment, into the spare room, and laid her in the center of the bed. The blinds were open, filtering light spilled across every curve of her body from the parking lot.
She watched me, as if mesmerized, as I discarded my clothing and climbed on my knees between her thighs, running my hands up her legs. I didn’t do anything other than play with the lace tops of her hose for long moments as I stared at her. I pulled the fabric off one leg and then the other. Then I peeled back the last thing that stood between our bodies.
She was going to give herself to me freely, luxuriously, just the way I’d always imagined it. I lay alongside her, my need pulsing against her hip. She never spoke a word of protest. I wanted to show her how much she meant to me. The tight rope I imagined that fixed us together, in an unspoken tug of war, would no longer stand between us.
I kept chanting her name, and she moaned against my neck as my fingers explored her. She was as crazed with need as I was when I settled my weight against her glorious center. She struggled for a moment when my coarse leg hair abraded the inside of her thighs. I found the soft spot that I’d made damp with need, and didn’t hesitate as I drew back and slid into her tight body. I couldn’t stop, even when she tensed up, and cried out. I was so frantic and consumed with driving forward that nothing could have stopped me.
Even frenzied, I whispered sweet words of encouragement to her, tunneling my fingers in her hair. I continued onward until her body caught my rhythm. She twisted under me, seeking something. I moved my hand between our bodies, tracing a place that I deftly laved with my calloused fingertips. I whispered on a hoarse breath, “Come for me, Libby. Come for me now.”



13
THE COURSE OF TRUE LOVE NEVER DID RUN SMOOTH
A Midsummer’s Night Dream
Libby
Through the shifting light, shadows of snowflakes danced on the ceiling as he covered our bodies with the blankets, pulling me up against his long, lean form. I fell into a fitful sleep filled with his whispered words of unfinished business.
He made love to me twice more during the night. The first time I woke up, he was already pushing inside of me, and I reached out for something to anchor myself against as he moved behind me, one of his hands was where our bodies were joined and the other was on one of my breasts. When he bit into my neck at my shoulder, I pushed through my sleepiness in an explosive climax.
The last time, the sun barely washed the room with soft light. He took his time, stroking every inch of my skin and he used his tongue and his fingers with delightful touches I never imagined. When I urged him to come to me, he laughed and pushed my hands away, insisting that he would control the pace. I tried to keep my eyes closed, so I wouldn’t remember how beautiful he was, but he continued whispering my name, making me watch him. Finally, I gave in and imprinted his face, full of devotion, into my deepest imaginings.
I watched though each ministration, each caress, and each thrust. I watched as he came into my body with such force that mine fragmented and flew into tiny pieces about the room. When he had me sufficiently excited again he came with me. Time passed in otherworldly slowness before we became aware of the world around us. He wrapped me in his strong embrace, circling my torso with his corded arms. He whispered into my ear, “Libby, that wasn’t enough.”
I shivered in response, wondering what more I could give him. His gentle grip released, and he fell into the deeper throes of sleep. I lay awake and wondered how something so magical couldn’t satisfy him.
When his gentle snore filled the room, I slipped from his arms and from his life forever. I knew I’d made the most horrible mistake, but it was of my own choosing. If I ever let him take me like that again, I would be lost in him. I knew that he would wrap the lash of my love around him, while unable to give me anything back, until it choked me.
He had a plan, he recited to me over and over again, and he never once named any woman as any part of it. What I had done I had chosen to do. But expecting more than what it was would be fruitless, so I snuck off into the cold morning light, leaving him to his dreams and aspirations that didn’t include me.



14
YOU WIN SOME, LOSE SOME, WRECK SOME
Dale Earnhardt
Aidan
“So that’s it, it didn’t mean anything to you?” I bellowed. I’d finally tracked Libby down behind the Waffle House, which I’d been coming to every day for the last month only to have her give me some excuse as to why we couldn’t talk. She never went to the library anymore, she rejected all my calls, and I couldn’t for the life of me figure out what I’d done for her to surgically remove me from her life with such precision.
“I woke up in the boinking room, so don’t make it out to be some grand romance.” She put her hand up and leaned against the wall, taking in deep gulps of air. “It’s over. It didn’t mean anything to you or me.”
“Libby, don’t you dare put words in my mouth,” I growled.
Her face went red with anger, but instead of lashing out, she covered her mouth, before bending over and barfing.
“Oh my god, Babe, you’re sick. That’s why you’re acting so crazy.” I moved closer to her. “Let me take you to the doctor.” I put my hand on her forehead. “You don’t feel feverish, maybe you ate something bad.”
She shoved me away as if my touch hurt her. “I have to go back to work.”
“Libby, I’m running out of patience.” I snagged her arm and pulled her against my body. “I have things to say to you, and you’re going to listen.”
She ripped her arm away, picked up the garbage can, and went back into the diner without a backwards glance.
I’d had it. She was ripping my guts out, and I wasn’t going to sit around and wait for her to come to terms with us. I waited across the street, and when the diner closed up, I followed her home. If stalking was the only way I would to find out where she lived, then so be it. She made a stop along our route at the corner pharmacy, and she was in there long enough that I thought she might have caught onto the fact that I followed her. Just when I was about to cross the street and find her in the store, she came out with a bag and a hand over her mouth again. She was really sick, and that lessened some of the seething bitterness I felt over her ignoring me and what had been the greatest night of my life. I wanted to tell her that, if she’d let me.
Her apartment was on Walnut. It was an old Queen Anne, divided up into apartments. She had barely closed the door when I pounded it down. No one came to the door.
I knocked some more and yelled that I knew she was in there. After five minutes, Jenny cracked the door and said that Libby wasn’t home. I knew that was an utter fabrication, and I told her so in my loudspeaker voice, before bellowing Libby’s name.
Jenny tried to close the door on me, but I wasn’t going to let that happen, so I pushed past her. I walked through their sparse living room and into the hall I assumed led to the bedrooms. One door was open and the other was shut.
I attacked the closed door with a fist, before I opened it. Libby had a white stick in her hands and she pulled it behind her back. I narrowed my eyes on her for a moment before I took in the wall of books behind her. “Did you read all of those?”
“No, I just thought they looked pretty there.” She was not only sarcastic, but her snide tone had a rough edge to it that I was unfamiliar with.
I glared at her before sitting on the edge of her frilly bed, running my hand through my hair. I stared at her long and hard. Her face was flush, and sick or not, she looked good enough to eat. And I was in the mind for a four-course meal. I looked her up and down and waited.
She crossed her arm across her middle and glanced at the books. “Of course I read them all, for all the good it will do me now.”
Something about the way she glared at me made me move to my feet. I grabbed her by both her upper arms and gave her a shake. “You are having a serious PMS episode.”
“It’s hormonal, for sure.” She drew her hand to her mouth. “Just go away. I’m tired, and I don’t feel good.”
“What’s going on, Libby?” I gave her another shake. “You’re acting crazy.” I thought about the white stick. “You aren’t using drugs, are you?”
“Get the fuck out of my apartment,” she snapped. “I didn’t invite you here.” She shoved me away.
I almost lost my balance. Noises came down the hallway, and if some cutter guy walked down the hall to her room, I was going to bash his head in. I was madder than hell, and I wanted to hit something.
“Hey, Lib, I bought another test. I thought maybe we messed the first one up, and we could do another one.” The door swung open. Vicki stood in the doorway with a brown paper bag in her hands. “Oh shit.” Was all she was able to get out before I grabbed the bag from her, and slammed the door in her face.
My heart rate accelerated as I tore the bag open. “Please tell me this isn’t for you.”
Libby didn’t speak. She just extended the white stick that she’d managed to shove up her sleeve.
I stared down at the double pink lines, unsure of what it meant, but when I looked back up, I felt like someone had dropped a noose around my neck. I managed to choke out, “This is why you’ve been sick?”
“Another cosmic observation, Palowski.”
I closed my eyes, trying to contain myself. “Did you mean for this to happen?”
“Are you out of your friggin’ mind? I’m twenty-two years old! Of course I didn’t do this on purpose!”
“Are you sure it’s mine?” I examined the stick.
Her face contorted with anger. “You insensitive, stupid, unfeeling, jerk! You think I sleep around? You think I kept you on the string all this time while I was sleeping with someone else?” She turned away. “That’s the way you might operate, but not me. Get the fuck out of my life.”
“I shouldn’t have said that.” I cleared my throat and tried to gather my thoughts. “I’m a little freaked out. It’s only been a little over four weeks. If you’re pregnant, we can fix this.”
“Fix this? It’s a little late for fixing.”
“We can make this all go away.”
Libby became stone still. “I got myself into this mess, and I’ll get myself out.” She pointed toward the door without making eye contact. Tears threatened and when her bottom lip quivered she turned away. “It’s not your problem to fix.”
I was angry and confused, but I wanted to hold her. I still wanted her, in spite of my anger, fear, and frustration I wanted to console her. I stood behind her and tried to touch her, but she stepped away. “This doesn’t have to ruin our plans,” I offered gently.
“You could give a shit less about my plans, Band-Aid, all you’re thinking about is baseball. I mean it: get out and don’t come back. You’re the last person I’d turn to for help. You’re a help-yourself-to-whatever-you-want kind of person. I knew you’d be this way. That’s why I had no intention of ever telling you.”
“This is why you’ve been avoiding me for the last two weeks?” I asked, continuing to think aloud, “Maybe, but why were you doing it before that?”
“Do us both a favor. Walk away. Pretend like this never happened. Because we both know you don’t care much about anything other than a bat and ball.” She swiped at the tears running down her cheeks.
I reached out, as if I could touch her on the inside if I touched her on the outside.
“Get out.” She stepped away. “And don’t come to the Waffle House, either. No one wants to see your sorry face there.” She pushed the tears off her cheeks and into her hair.
“I’ll go. I know you’re upset.” I played with the collar of my jacket. “I need to think this through, but you better know I’m coming back.”
“I don’t think so, Band-Aid. You don’t have what it takes to face something unpleasant.”
“I don’t know what’s worse: the fact you think I’m a coward, or that you think everything in my life is always perfect.”
“The only adversity you’ve ever faced is what girl to fuck next.” She gestured toward the door. “I’m sure you have someone new waiting in the stands.”
“Libby, one of these days, I’m going to shove a baseball in that crude little mouth of yours.” And then I left before I put my hands on her. Because the next time I touched her, she would pay for all the misery she was putting me through. I’d never hit her but there was going to be a physical reckoning.



15
MY WORDS FLY UP, MY THOUGHTS REMAIN BELOW
Hamlet
Libby
The coward did come back, but I played possum. He called me and calmly reasoned that an abortion would solve this. I knew he was scared shitless. I mean, I was freaked out, and I’d had weeks to adjust.
I finally agreed to meet him on a cold day in March to fix the problem, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it. He never once said baby or child, just problem. I couldn’t do it with him. If I had to do it, and I knew that maybe I should do it. I had to do it on my own. The same way I had faced every problem in my life.
While he waited across campus, by Rose Well House, I packed up my belongings and moved into old Mr. Rodgers house. It was off campus and he’d never find me there.
He came looking for me at the Waffle House the day after I was supposed to meet him. He and Mr. Rodgers exchanged heated words, which I listened to through the stainless steel kitchen door.
“I want you to tell me where she went.” Aidan barked, “She didn’t just disappear.”
“Don’t you get lippy with me, Palowski. You did my girl wrong. You’re about to be called up, so why don’t you run along and play baseball and forget all about Libby. She’s better off where she is.”
“She isn’t better off without me,” Aidan bellowed.
Mr. Rodgers was old, but he’d been in the military, and he had the tattoos to prove it. He grabbed Aidan by the scruff of the neck. “You go on and leave Libby alone. Otherwise, I’ll hunt you down like the pig you are, and I won’t bother to skewer you before I fry you. Boy, you better believe, I have a knack for slow-roasting meat.”
I watched as Aidan struggled out of his grip, his hands fisted, and angry words streaming out his mouth. He tore the door off its hinges as he exited.
I worked in the kitchen at the Waffle House for the rest of the semester. The food made me sicker than I already was, but I thought it my just deserts for breaking my own cardinal rule: don’t do anything without thinking through the consequences. I never stepped foot in the library again, and the only time I left the house was for class. I circumvented any routes that would take me near him. He was easy to avoid once the baseball season started, as scouts and agents were all over him like BBQ sauce at a rib fest.
I never laid eyes on him again until graduation day. He walked across the stage like he didn’t have a care in the world, while the weight of it rested on my shoulders as I crossed to the podium. I received many strange looks, because my graduation gown couldn’t hide the nature of my condition. When I walked down the aisle back to my seat, he stood as if a stupor.
I felt like a specter. He must have thought I was one, since he had no idea I was going to graduate. I could feel his eyes measuring the size of my abdomen. I was afraid if I looked at him, I’d fall apart, so I kept my eye on the prize, the college diploma, my ticket away from Indiana, away from Band-Aid Palowski, and away from heaps of regret.
I had considered telling him everything the night we’d made love. I considered unloading all my fears and anxieties about law school, but I wanted to know he wanted me, just plain old cutter me. I wanted to know that I didn’t need a list of accomplishments for him to accept me, and that I didn’t need a laundry list of good deeds for him to love me.
Superstar jocks don’t fall in love with cutters. They don’t take them to the Rose Well House, at the center of campus at midnight, and pledge their undying devotion beneath its sparkling dome. They don’t marry them, even if they had created a problem together. And jocks certainly don’t fall in love with cutters.



16
NO ONE KNOWS WHAT TO SAY IN THE LOSER’S LOCKER ROOM
Muhammad Ali
Aidan
I was furious.
Libby didn’t meet me; I didn’t know what to think about our problem. I thought she’d come and see reason and realize this was the best way to handle the situation. I even offered to take her with me when I left IU as if that was some sort of consolation prize. She refused to go away with me and forget about everything else.
I’d cowardly convinced myself that she was gone for good. That’s what her friends told me. From time to time that spring, I thought I caught glimpses of her, but I convinced myself that she was gone and I would never see her again. I’m ashamed to admit I was hurt, but relieved at the same time. And I missed her; I would wake up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat with her name on my lips.
My graduation ceremony was so long I lost focus as they called names. Then “Elizabeth Ann Tucker” echoed through the hall, as if the name was haunting me. In reflex, I stood up. I had to see if it was her.
I couldn’t believe it.
She wasn’t just another cutter; she was graduating sigma cum laude. I seethed with white-hot anger, when I thought of all the half-truths she’d spoon-fed me. And I was disgusted with myself, because seeing her with my baby growing under her skin didn’t change anything. I craved her just as much as I ever had. Time or imagined distance hadn’t lessened her appeal. She had a piece of me inside her and it sent terror through my veins and hope coursing through my heart.
When my family left the ceremony for dinner and I went back to my car, she stood nearby. She wasn’t obvious, but waited alongside the parking lot. Instead of going to her and apologizing, instead of telling her that she was a stronger, better person than me, I got in my car and drove away. Instead of begging for her forgiveness and understanding I drove away from the only person who’d made me a better man. I drove away from the only person whose counsel I trusted more than my own. I drove away from my future without a backwards glance.
I was terrified of what her and that baby might mean to me, what I might be willing to sacrifice to have them. I was too torn up to deal with what had happened between us, so I calmly walked away. She’s the only person who’s ever made me nervous and unsure of myself, and I was frightened that if I went to her, she would know that she could move me with a smile. I was mad at myself for allowing another person to hold such sway over me.
The truth is I felt blindsided and I walked away hoping to level the playing field. I felt certain she’d hunt me down and beg me to take her back and then I would be better prepared to deal with her. Every day for the next three-and-a-half months I expected her to show up and beg for my help. I was so torn up about everything I would have gladly given her anything because all I could think about was all the ways I’d screwed up along the way.
I went to Triple A where I didn’t last long before I was signed with the Chicago Cubs. I was alone in the locker room preparing for major league debut. I wondered where Libby was and if she knew. I wondered if she ever thought of me.
I caught a reflection, moving behind me in my locker doors’ mirror. The old guy, dressed like an umpire, he was giving me a good old-fashioned stare down when he spoke, “You’ll pay for your vain ignorance for a very long time.”
THE END


Now that you have finished my book, won’t you please consider writing a review? Reviews are the best way readers discover great new books. I would truly appreciate it.



BINDING ARBITRATION


If you like to know what happens between Libby and Aidan please read my full-length novel, BINDING ARBITRATION

Through the corridors of the Windy City’s criminal courts, single mother Libby Tucker knows exactly how far she’ll go to save her cancer-stricken son’s life. The undefeated defense attorney is prepared to fight, but the cost of this victory requires revisiting old heartache.
Seven years ago, Libby had a one-night stand with Aidan Palowski that ended in a pregnancy and him deserting her at their college graduation. Libby has worked her backside bare for everything she’s attained, while Aidan has been indulged since he landed in a pile of Gold Coast money. Libby fears asking Aidan to live up to his biological duty could jeopardize the only thing the jock worships: his celebrity baseball career. But when Aidan learns about his son’s desperate need, it pricks open the wound he’s carried since he abandoned Libby and the child.
All Libby needs is a little anonymous DNA, but Aidan wants to recapture all he lost the day he walked away from her. There’s more to settle between Aidan and Libby than heartache, redemption, and forgiveness because Libby might not be able to save her son without sacrificing her own heart.

“…equal parts heart-tugging and steamy…” ~Kirkus Reviews
“Elizabeth Marx’s gritty writing was a pleasant surprise to me in Cutter’s Vs. Jocks and a powerful depiction of love and forgiveness in Binding Arbitration.” ~The Book Runner

Available at SmashWords



JUST IN CASE

He’s been waiting for her all these years…

Scarlett Marbry was sixteen when her mother, an acclaimed Sacred Harp singer, committed suicide, sending her away from Crossroads, Alabama and whatever pushed her mother over the edge. Seven years later, she’s returning for her grandparents’ funeral and the letter her mother left her when she died. Not only does Scarlett have to face her deep Southern roots, but the one she left behind.

She’s never thought she was good enough for him…
Revell Marshall is used to working with fragile objects. He’s built a life and career around reassembling the delicate stained glass windows that saved the small town of Crossroads from ruin. Once Scarlett returns, he’s determined to win her heart, even if that means helping her piece together the facts of her mother’s past and exposes truths he’d rather leave buried.
What happens when your secrets are revealed to the world?

You better hold on tight to the one person you think you can trust…
Just in case.
Available at SmashWords (https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/547850)



BONUS MATERIAL
If you enjoyed CUTTERS VS. JOCKS please write me a review. Email me a link to where your review of CVJ is posted and I will send you an original manuscript page from CVJ, the prequel to the first book in the Windy City Romance Series. I’ll even autograph it for you! Send the review link to mailto:elizabethmarxbooks@gmail.com

Happy reading and reviewing!



ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Windy city writer, Elizabeth Marx, brings cosmopolitan life alive in her fiction—a blend of romance, fast-paced Chicago living, and a sprinkle of magical realism. Elizabeth resides with her husband, girls, and two cats who’ve spelled everyone into believing they’re really dogs. She grew up in the city, has traveled extensively, and still says there’s no town like Chi town.

You can visit her website www.elizabethmarxbooks.com or contact the author at elizabethmarxbooks@gmail.com


