

Copyright © 2017 by Hanleigh Bradley
www.hanleighbradley.com
hanleigh@hanleighbradley.com


All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, without permission in writing from the publisher, except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review.
This book is licensed for your personal use only. Please respect the author’s work and refrain from sharing it with others. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
The characters, organisations and events in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author. 
This book is written in UK English as the author is a British author. You may notice the occasion variation in spelling and grammar if you are used to reading in American English.

Hanleigh’s London Saga

All the books in this Contemporary British Saga have interwoven plotlines, returning characters and places. These books are best read in order to avoid spoilers.

The Rules Series
Broken Rules
Enforced Rules
Revised Rules
A Secret Melody

The History Series
Repeating History
Deleting History
Forging History
A History In Paris

The Intimacy Series
Damaged Intimacy
Entangled Intimacy
Forceful Intimacy
Call Me Doctor

The Fate Series
Inescapable Fate
Inexplicable Fate
Irreversible Fate
A Bleak December

Hanleigh’s London Standalone
Dr. Xmas

Hanleigh’s London Boxsets
RULES
HISTORY
INTIMACY
FATE

Find out more about Hanleigh’s Books on her website.


Hanleigh’s London Saga

PROLOGUE

CHAPTER ONE 
Jarrod

CHAPTER TWO 
Jarrod

CHAPTER THREE 
Tallulah

CHAPTER FOUR 
Tallulah

CHAPTER FIVE 
Jarrod

CHAPTER SIX
Jarrod

CHAPTER SEVEN
Tallulah

CHAPTER EIGHT 
Tallulah

CHAPTER NINE 
Jarrod

CHAPTER TEN 
Jarrod

CHAPTER ELEVEN
Tallulah

CHAPTER TWELVE 
Tallulah

Preview of Entangled Intimacy

Preview of Inescapable Fate

THANK YOU!

Hanleigh Bradley’s Newsletter

About Hanleigh

Hanleigh’s London Saga

Dear Reader,
Sometimes it hurts to fall in love.
There’s always an element of risk when you trust someone with your heart. You’re giving them the chance to completely destroy you.
Some people aren’t worthy of your love while others will treat your love like it’s the best gift you could ever give them.
I hope you all find your own Jarrod.
Hanleigh

PROLOGUE
Seventy-six kilometres, forty-seven miles, as the crow flies. One hour and forty-six minutes, sixty-seven point one miles if I take the A23, according to my satnav. If I take the M25, I’ll add a minute and over ten miles onto my journey.
I’ve not even started driving yet.
I’m sitting in my car, the key in my hand, trying to calm myself. I need to steady my heartbeat and stop shaking before I can drive away.
My brother is going to be so disappointed with me. That might be the worst bit of all this. Not that my entire life has been turned upside down in an hour and a half. Not that I’m hurt or that I’m close to breaking. No. The worst of it is that I’ve wasted everything my big brother has offered me. Squandered it and he’s going to think I’m ungrateful.
Unless I tell him.
But I can’t tell him.
I won’t tell him.
I’ll lie right to his face before I ever show him this new darker part of me. All my possessions are in the back of my car, and there’s no going back now.
I won’t go back. It’s not an option.
I can do this.
I can drive myself home.
Then I can break, but not before.
I put the key in the ignition and twist. The engine revs as I put the car into first and indicate to pull out. I can do this. I haven’t told anyone I’m leaving, not even my roommate. I can’t bear to have to explain my decision, and I know she’ll want an explanation.
Everyone will want an explanation.
I don’t know how I’m going to be able to explain it to Roo and Cam when I get home, let alone Nathan.
Shit. Don’t think about it. Just drive.
I put some music on, hoping to distract myself from all the drama and chaos that I’m leaving behind.
The more distance I put between myself and Brighton, the calmer I feel, and the more I believe that I might be okay. I might be able to put all this behind me.
One hour and forty-six minutes turns into almost three hours because as always there are roadworks and traffic jams galore; the cars are pretty much at a standstill. Not good, because now I can sit here and get lost in my thoughts. That’s something I can’t afford to do.
I will not break.
I make a mental to-do list; speak to Roo about moving home… apologise to my big brother for wasting an incredible opportunity…
My phone buzzes, interrupting my thoughts.
I glance at the screen as I wait in the traffic. It’s him. I won’t answer.
I can’t. I’m not safe. Not yet. I need to get further away. I might never answer his calls again. I don’t want to hear his apologies. I don’t want to listen to his excuses. I don’t want to risk that I might be weak enough to forgive him.
I will never forgive him.
The satnav says I’m getting close and I can see the city up ahead and yet I still don’t feel far enough away. Nowhere near.

CHAPTER ONE 
Jarrod
I remember the first day I saw her.
It was a Sunday morning in November, and I’d had to come into work because one of the bartenders had called in sick and none of the waitresses had any idea how to pour a pint, something every good British restaurant must sell on a Sunday.
It was a British pastime to sit in a beer garden eating your Sunday roast and drinking a pint. British people had been doing it for decades, and it showed no signs of ever becoming less essential to the British way of life.
Even in November, when people couldn’t spend the day sat outside in the beer garden for fear of getting rained on, they piled into the restaurant seeking sustenance, but mostly they wanted a pick me up. They wanted a beer to rid them of the hangover they were suffering as a result of the night before. They wanted the hair of the dog. Of course, any good bartender would recommend something a little stronger than beer, but whatever made the punters happy and on Sunday mornings that was beer.
So, there I was at ten thirty-six am, stood behind the bar, bored out of my skull, pouring pint after pint for the regulars when she walked into Thorpe’s.
Everything about her took me in.
She looked remarkably like a drowned rat. She was wrapped up in more layers and scarves than I’d ever thought I’d see on one person.
Yet, even with the excessive amount of clothing, she was wearing there was something about her, something alluring, something sensual that seemed to pulse off her. I hadn’t been able to tell what it was. All I knew was that it called to me.
If I had had less self-control, I would have marched across the restaurant and cut the host off before she showed her to a table. Instead, I had secured my feet to the ground before they could run off with themselves.
I acted nonchalant as I cut some garnish for the lunch service, almost cutting my finger off several times as I pretended I wasn’t practically staring at her back.
Her hair had been down that day, and the light from the window next to her table was ricocheting off it as if it were a diamond or some sort of glass prism. Every colour imaginable seemed to reflect off her.
I had been transfixed, made practically immobile by the mere sight. I had watched as her waitress served her. I had only been able to imagine the smile that graced her face as she listened attentively to the specials menu. Her laughter had a lilt to it that was so completely unique; I didn’t think I’d hear anything quite like it even if I were to live to be one hundred.
That Sunday morning was over six months ago and yet I still barely know the girl, except that I know that I want her, that I crave her. She’s got secrets that she won’t share no matter how much I try to get them out of her.
We’ve spoken.
We’ve flirted.
But she won’t let me close. She’s guarding herself even if her face says she’s the most approachable person I’ve ever met.
After that first day, she came in nearly every day, sitting at that same window, drawing in her sketchbook. I’d desperately wanted to find out what she was drawing, but I hadn’t been able to think up an excuse to go over to her table and introduce myself.
Not on the first day or the second, not even on the seventh.
It wasn’t until the eighth day that I managed to talk myself into approaching her table and even then, it was just to clear her empty glass.
I hadn’t said a word. She had given me a brief glance and a quiet, “thank you,” and I was walking away, back to my spot behind the bar before my brain could even catch up.
The bartenders hadn’t commented on my weird behaviour or the fact that I was spending an abnormal amount of time outside of the office. They hadn’t even complained that I was taking over their bar, but I’d noticed the raised eyebrows and winks that they had exchanged between themselves; they knew I was interested in her.
They weren’t daft.
It was damn obvious that my behaviour was restricted to the times that she visited the restaurant.
I was surprised that she had managed to make me nervous. It was a well-known fact amongst my friends that I was the sweeter guy in the group, but I’d never been called shy, and yet that’s exactly how I had behaved that first week.
My best friends Jack and Landon would have laughed at me if they could have seen me. Fortunately, Jack had been spending more and more time at The Kent Mockery, another of our businesses, a luxury wine bar and club not too far away and Landon had been distracted by a woman.
That had been a big surprise. We’d always thought it would be me that settled first. In fact, bets had been placed, not just once but on multiple occasions.
I was the long-term guy in the group.
Unlike my friends, all of my relationships had been serious, usually lasting a few years or more and every time I’d thought they were the one, only to realise how wrong I was a few years later.
Landon, on the other hand, was always the man of the one night stand. He’d had rules for everything, but Aurora had managed to break every rule in his book, and now they are happily married. It is still slightly unbelievable, even now, but they are perfect for each other and completely over the top in love.
Now six months on from the day I first saw Tallulah Conway, I’m no closer to having her than I was that very first day. We’ve danced around the idea, but we’ve gotten nowhere.
Day after day, that first week I’d watched her from a distance, considering my options and each night I’d gone to bed worrying that she might not return to Thorpe’s the next day only to be delighted when she turned up, sketchbook in hand. Each day had been hell waiting for her arrival, and then pure adrenaline had rushed through my system when I saw her cross the threshold of my restaurant.
I’d had the surprise of a lifetime when on the ninth day Landon had invited a bunch of people to dinner at Thorpe’s, myself included. I’d been dealing with a problem in the kitchen as the other guests arrived, so I’d missed the moment she took her seat at the round booth.
As I’d approached the table where my best friends were waiting for me, I had been barely able to keep my eyes off her.
You mustn’t stare, Jarrod, I’d told myself over and over again but to no avail. Her eyes had been on me too. That had given me hope. Perhaps false hope but hope nonetheless.
 
Almost Six Months Ago…
Her eyes are on me as I approach. I can’t believe my luck that’s she’s at the table with my best friends. She’s sat next to a guy, but I don’t even glance his way to assess if he’s the competition.
I can’t take my eyes off her.
The best bit is the only seat left at the table is the one on her right. I take it. This is the closest we’ve been over the last week and a bit since I first saw her. Perhaps this will be my opportunity to introduce myself.
“Sorry for keeping you all waiting,” I apologise to the group at large, although I’m still watching her out of the corner of my eye.
Landon grins across the table at me.
“Not a problem, mate. We’ve been kept well stocked with champagne, so we can’t complain.”
The waitress takes everyone’s orders, and I take the opportunity to introduce myself to the beautiful woman on my left.
“Hi. I’m Jarrod. You must be one of Aurora’s friends.”
She smiles at me. Her smile is enchanting. I find myself falling into it, leaning closer towards her.
“Hello. Nice to meet you, Jarrod. My name is Tallulah. You work here, right? I think I’ve seen you here before.”
I give myself a mental high five. She’s noticed me too. I can’t tell if she’s just being polite and would in actual fact recognise all the faces of the staff who have served her or if I should be hopeful that perhaps she has singled me out.
“Yeah,” I tell her. “I co-own it with Jack over there.”
I point to my other close friend who is currently placing his order with our waitress, Daisy. Jack doesn’t even look our way as I mention his name. He’s focused on food.
Trust Jack.
He’s always known his priorities; food, sex, wine, food and perhaps if you really pushed things, he’d add money to the list but only in as much as money provides food and wine. That’s Jack for you, always a bit of a joker.
Daisy leaves to put our order through on the till and Landon grabs everyone’s attention. I resent him for it. I have to pull my eyes away from Tallulah, disengaging our conversation.
“So, we told you all we were celebrating something.”
The whole table is focused on Landon and Aurora.
They’ve not even known each other for two weeks yet, what could they possibly have to celebrate?


CHAPTER TWO 
Jarrod
“So, we’ve decided to move in together.”
I’m shocked.
I keep my expressions under manners though. Schooling my expressions is something Landon taught me. He’s made it his life mission to keep his emotions separated from everything. Except perhaps Aurora. He seems different with her but all the same, this is still a huge step, and it’s so completely out of character for him.
Is Landon serious? I ask myself. I know I’ve hardly seen him in the last two weeks but has he had a brain transplant or something?
I feel like I must be missing a key detail to the story. There must be more than what he’s shared so far. A glance at Tallulah says she is just as surprised and far more concerned than I am.
Jack is the first to reply as he slouches back in his chair.
“Wow… That’s quick.”
He doesn’t look particularly fazed. If anything, he looks like he is finding the entire matter highly entertaining. You can always trust Jack to find the funny side of anything. Heck, there could be a national disaster, and he’d still be chuckling away to himself.
The guy sat on the other side of Tallulah looks very serious.
“Are you…” He seems to be struggling to find the right words. “Are you happy, Roo?”
Aurora smiles at him from across the table.
“Very. I know it’s quick, way quicker than I’d ever encourage anyone else, especially you Ali.” She glances at a girl that I can only presume is her sister. They’re dead ringers for each other. “But I’m happy, and this is what I want.”
“Everything about this relationship seems quick,” Tallulah says but I’m not sure she intended to say it aloud, “but if you really are happy.”
She turns away from Aurora and gives Landon a hard stare.
“Seriously though, if you hurt her, I’ll cause you more pain than you’ve ever known in your life.”
I struggle to stop myself from laughing as Landon replies, “I wouldn’t want anything less.”
She lifts her glass and gives him a nod.
“Well, I guess we should give you a toast then.”
I’m awed by her. She’s strong and vibrant and perhaps a little bit crazy.
There aren’t many people brave enough to take on Landon Peters, but I don’t doubt she would. Her words are not only clear, but they’re sincere. She means every syllable. She’ll destroy anything and anyone that hurts her friend. She’s got a fire inside that I’d not seen, and it just makes me like her even more.
It takes everything I have not to focus all my attention on Tallulah. Instead, I make an effort to talk to everyone. I listen as Aileen, Aurora’s little sister tells everyone about her upcoming trip to L.A., and I listen as Aurora explains that her good friend Theo will be moving in with Tallulah and Cameron to replace her in their flat. I’m not overly impressed with the idea of Tallulah living with two blokes, but I don’t have the right to be pissed off about it, so I try to let it go. It’s none of my business after all. I don’t even know the girl. We’ve met all of once.
I ask her what she does, and she tells me she’s a student.
“What do you study?” I respond, making a real effort to show her I am interested. My eyes are bright with awareness as I take in every detail of what she says, her expressions, the flex of her jaw and the wave of her hair as she flicks it behind her.
“Art. I was studying in Brighton, but I’m going to transfer back here.”
“How come?” Don’t get me wrong, I’m delighted she’s not in Brighton, but I want to know everything she’ll tell me.
“Just missed home.”
She’s no longer smiling. I frown at the look she’s giving me now. It’s dark and foreboding. There’s more to it than that, but she doesn’t want to share it, and I have no right to force the matter.
I search for a new, safer topic but come up short.
Where the hell is my game?
Fortunately, she rescues my flailing arse.
“You’ve known Landon since Uni?”
“I’ve known Landon almost my whole life,” I tell her with a smirk. “Our parents are friends. Our fathers were business partners.”
She nods her head, expecting me to continue.
“But we didn’t become close friends until University.”
“That’s cool.” She smiles happily. “You must know all his secrets…”
“Indeed, I do,” I tease her, knowing that she wants to dig. She wants to know if the guy her best friend is moving in with is a good guy. “What about you and Aurora?” I ask, making it clear that any exchange of information would have to be mutual.
“We met during our undergrad. We became fast friends, and she’s been stuck with me ever since.” She smiles a big, white-toothed smile. “Except for the last couple of months while I was in Brighton.”
“I bet she missed you.”
“Yeah, I think she did. I missed her a lot.”
“I bet.” I grin at her. “Best friends should never be too far away, especially when you need them.”
Her eyes dart to mine, and she gives me a haunted look, like a deer in the headlights of a giant truck that’s driving far too fast. I consider changing the subject again.
“So what sort of Art do you do?” I ask the question in that way non-artist types ask artists when they are trying just a little too hard.
“I do a bit of everything. I sculpt, paint, take photographs, and you already know I draw.”
“I do.” There’s no point denying it. “You’re very talented.”
“You’ve seen my drawings?” I’ve surprised her.
“I peeked. Yes.”
“Oh okay.” That’s it. That’s all she says. She doesn’t press for an opinion. Perhaps she doesn’t care for my opinion, or maybe she just doesn’t need it. She doesn’t need approval; not from me or anyone. I can’t help but find that hot.
Confidence is always attractive but especially on a woman who has fought for it, fought to keep it. I think she’s fought for hers.
She doesn’t get cross that I’ve perhaps broken into her solitude either, after all, that’s what this place has been to her for the last nine days. I wonder if I should apologise. I don’t know what the etiquette is for looking at an artist’s drawings without consent.
Is there an etiquette?
***
Later that night as we all say our goodbyes I am tempted to ask her out, but something inside me says no matter how well our conversation went, she’s sure to shoot me down.
It’s not that I’m insecure.
I’m just getting that sort of vibe from her. She doesn’t want a relationship, and I won’t settle for less.
So instead, I just kiss her on the cheek and wish her a goodnight before walking away from her. It’s harder to do than it should be, and it costs me something, not that I know what exactly. I just know that the man who walks away from her isn’t the same man who met her earlier this evening.
***
That night I lay in bed worrying that she won’t come by the restaurant in the morning, now that she knows who I am. Now that her solitude has been stolen. The lack of sleep makes me late, and I’m relieved to find her already there when I walk into the restaurant.
She waves at me and beckons me over.
“Do you have time to join me for a coffee?” she asks.
“I can make time,” I tell her with a smirk.
This is going better than I’d imagined possible. I’d thought she wouldn’t come back. Her spot of privacy had been destroyed. And yet here she was welcoming me into her solitude, into her calm, haven of peace from the outside world. I’d gotten the impression the previous night that neither of her friends had any idea that she’d been to Thorpe’s each day since her return from Brighton.
“Great.”
She puts down the pencil that’s she’s holding, and I notice the pencil smudges on her fingers. I pour some of the water from the bottle sat on the table.
It’s customary that we provide bottles of water to all our guests. I insist upon it. There are multiple things I insist upon. I’m a pain in the arse to work for, but I insist upon the best.
I take the napkin that is resting on the table in front of me and dip a corner into my water glass before leaning over to take her hand in my own.
I watch as her entire body tenses up in front of me, and her hand begins to tremble in mine.
“What are you doing?” Her voice is squeaky, and she sounds afraid.
“Getting the pencil off your hand before you get it all over your beautiful face,” I tell her sincerely.
“I wouldn’t worry about it.” She giggles nervously, her eyes darting from my eyes to her hand and back again as if considering her escape routes. “I’m constantly covered in pencil.”
I rub the wet napkin over her thumb and finger pads until the marks of the pencil have completely gone.
“Thank you,” she says happily, clearly astonished by my kind actions.
“You’re very welcome, Tallulah.”
Her name on my tongue is tempting. I want her but I want all of her, not just one night or a couple of hours and I get the impression she might not even be offering that.
 

CHAPTER THREE 
Tallulah
I’ve got to get out of this apartment.
No, that’s not it. I’ve got to get away from my phone. It’s been ringing on and off for days. I’ve checked who has been calling. It’s a mismatch of my roommate, my tutors and him.
I returned to London on Tuesday. That was five days ago. It’s now Sunday morning, and I’m lying in my bed unable to sleep, yet again.
My eyes are dark and puffy, and I look like the walking dead. I thought coming home like a puppy with my tail between my leg would be the hardest thing I’d ever have to do. Apparently not. It seems living with that decision is a million times harder.
I glance at the clock. It’s not even eight in the morning. The room is pitch black still, and there isn’t even a hint of light trying to get through the cracks in the blinds at my window. The flat outside my bedroom is eerily silent. They’re all still asleep. I wish I could say the same about myself.
The last five days have been the worst five days of my life. I’ve smiled and laughed. I’ve joked with Cameron and Aurora. I’ve acted as if the last few months haven’t happened.
I haven’t told my friends why I’m back.
They know something is wrong – apparently, they read me pretty well – but I’ve refused to answer their questions, refused to expose my weakness to their scrutiny, refused to accept their sympathy.
Last night I put on a pretty dress and did my bit to keep up appearances. I know I shouldn’t be keeping them all at arms lengths, but it’s either this or I let myself break, and that is just not an option.
If I break, I don’t know if I’ll be able to put myself back together. I push myself for the fifth day in a row to get out of bed, to not just roll over and try and sleep some more.
I should pop down the hall and check on Aurora. She had a rough night last night, and as her best friend I should be supporting her, but in all honesty, I can’t bring myself to show sympathy right now.
I know I sound like a complete bitch. A self-involved uncaring cow but I’m not. I swear. I just feel like there is a part of my brain that has been switched off. It’s like there are just too many feelings rushing through me and one more would be too much. I’m in turmoil or whatever, that’s what my mum would have said anyway. She was a psychologist. She would have seen what was wrong with me without me having to say a word. She was good like that, but now that I need her, she’s not here. She’s not here to put me back together.
I remember how she was when I used to hurt myself. If I fell off my bike or when I was running… She’d wrap me in her arms and whisper a nursery rhyme.
Humpty-Dumpty sat on a wall.
Humpty-Dumpty had a great fall,
And all the King’s horses
And all the King’s men
Couldn’t put Humpty together again.
She’d laugh and tell me that it was a good job I wasn’t as fragile as an egg. She’d promise each and every time that she’d always be there to put me back together again and then she went and died.
And so now, I can’t break because all the King’s horses and all the King’s men – they can’t put me back together again.
 Turmoil or not, I feel numb, empty, as if my brain isn’t working properly.
I feel like a TV on mute; screaming on the inside with not a sound coming out. I run my hand down my side over the bruises that litter my skin there. I wince at the touch. They’re less obvious now, five days on but I definitely won’t be wearing a bikini anytime soon.
It’s a good job it’s November, I almost laugh at the bitterness of my thoughts.
I sigh as I push myself to my feet. I need to get myself out of the apartment and stop this bloody pity party I’ve got going on.
My phone is ringing AGAIN, and yet again I’m ignoring it. The sound is piercing my ear drums, and in frustration, I want to throw it out the window. Maybe I should just turn it off… Slightly less dramatic, but equally effective. That’s exactly what I’m going to do; just turn it off and leave it here.
***
Twenty minutes later, I’m walking into a restaurant I’ve never been to before. I need a safe spot.  Somewhere no one can find me. Somewhere even my friends won’t think to look. Somewhere I don’t have to keep up the pretence of being okay.
As I walk through the door, I feel something. It’s the first thing I’ve properly felt in five days. It’s a fission of electricity, but I can’t place where it is coming from.
I ask the hostess for a table near the window, and as I follow her through the restaurant, it only grows. For the first time in five days, I feel like I can breathe without it hurting. I’m not sure what is different.
Maybe, I just don’t feel like I need to fake it in here. Although, that doesn’t make sense as strangers surround me here.
I pull out my sketchbook and try to focus on the page. It’s empty. I’ve not drawn anything in five days. Normally I can’t go five minutes without drawing. My hand shakes as I allow my pencil to move over the page, my eyes searching the world outside the restaurant for inspiration.
I notice a couple walking hand in hand and start sketching out their likeness but I can’t. Unlike my usual drawings, they don’t look alive. They look two-dimensional and completely lacking. Next, I try to draw an old lady who is sat by herself on a bench but again I don’t seem to be able to get her features right. I sigh in frustration.
On the second day I visit Thorpe’s, that electric feeling is still there. My eyes dart around looking for the source of it and my eyes land on the man behind the bar.
It’s the same guy who was there the day before.
He’s got a rugged look about him. There is golden stubble on his chin, and there is a massive grin on his face as he talks away with one of the other bartenders. His blue sleeves are rolled up to his elbows, showing off his firm muscular arms. His eyes twinkle as he glances my way and I catch my breath.
On the third day, I draw him.
He’s sitting at a table near mine doing what I can only presume is paperwork. He looks more serious than he had the day before as he rests his forehead on his hand as he reads to himself. Finally, I’m able to draw something that looks a little bit more lifelike. It’s not perfect. My sketch is lacking the laughter that I see in his eyes.
It’s hard not to sit here watching him. He has an intense look on his face as if he is studying for a test. I wish he would lift his head and look my way, but he doesn’t. He just sits there working.
On day four, I continue to draw him.
I still don’t get it right. I try, and I try, but whatever I do, the sketch doesn’t look quite right. Whenever my waitress comes close to my table, I flip the page so that she won’t see that I’m drawing her colleague.
On day five, for a second I think I’ve cracked it.
That is until I look up and see him looking my way. His dark eyes staring sharply at me, his expression is a mixture of lust and intrigue. Then I realise that my sketch doesn’t do his beauty justice.
On day six, I try to draw something else, but I keep getting drawn to his face and find myself drawing him yet again. I still fail.
On day seven, I get lost in my drawing of him, but it still isn’t right.
The next day, I focus on his eyes. I try to draw out the secrets that I see shining in them. The eyes on the page are nothing compared to his, and I leave the restaurant dejected.
I almost look back to see if he is watching me leave, but I don’t know what I’d do even if he is. I usually would be more than comfortable approaching an attractive guy, but something inside me tells me it’s no longer safe. The hostess makes a joke as I leave and even though it hurts, I laugh along with her.
By day nine, I’m almost jumping out of bed in excitement. I want to see him. I want to draw him, inspect him until I know every detail of every facet of his features. I want to know the way he moves and the way he smiles.
I want to know what makes him laugh and what makes him frown.
I want to catalogue every smile in my sketchbook. Going to the restaurant each morning is the highlight of my day.
I’m still reeling this morning because we actually spoke yesterday. Nothing exciting but we exchanged words, and I’d almost lost all capacity for talking when I raised my gaze to his.


CHAPTER FOUR 
Tallulah
I’m berating myself hours later as I make my way to Thorpe’s for dinner. My best friend Aurora and her new boyfriend Landon invited us all out. I’m going to have to share my secret quiet place with Cam and Rory. The idea of that alone makes me feel sick to my stomach.
Cameron walks beside me and rests his hand on the small of my back as he lets me enter the restaurant ahead of him. That small little act of kindness sends fear through my veins, and I have to remind my lungs how to breathe.
I glance at the bar, but he’s not there.
My eyes search the restaurant, but I cannot spot him anywhere. I’m surprised by the disappointment I feel. The lack of electricity in the air around me ruins the restaurant for me.
It’s no longer my safe place. It’s just another restaurant on another street.
I take a seat at the table with my friends. They are all talking animatedly, excited about all the good things happening in their lives.
It’s hard to share their excitement when my life has fallen apart. I smile as if I’m listening, nod my head when needed, laugh on demand but inside I’m lost in my thoughts.
They either don’t notice, or they don’t care, and that’s okay. I can live with that. It’s the way I want it.
I feel him before I see him. It’s silly to say. It sounds like a cliché, but I’m not lying. The electricity that suddenly surrounds me causes me to look up and there he is, walking directly towards me.
His eyes are on me. Just me. Not our table. Not my friends. Me.
I wonder to myself what he is going to do. Scenarios run through my head as he approaches me; him kissing me passionately, him running his fingers through my hair, him grabbing my hand and pulling me from the restaurant.
My heart is racing. My fingers are shaking as they hold my glass. I put it down, hoping to hide the effect he is having on me.
He takes me by surprise when he joins us at the table, sitting next to me.
I feel him brush past me as he lowers himself into his chair. He apologises for being late. I’ve never been this close to him. He is literally within touching distance. I need to keep my distance though.
He’s dangerous. Letting him close would be a risk, a risk I’m not willing to take.
His voice sends fire through me as he engages me in conversation. I try desperately to look at anything except him. I can’t afford to get lost in his eyes. Except, I want to. I want to get to know him. I want to be able to draw him and to do that I’m going to have to risk getting lost.
***
The next day, I consider not going back. He’s the reason I want to stay away, but he’s also the reason I want to be there.
He makes me feel safe, but at the same time, I’ve never felt so insecure in my life.
I go back because as much as I’m scared, I need to work him out. I want to understand him. He’s my safe place, and without that safe place, I think I might lose myself. So, when he isn’t there when I arrive I almost panic.
Perhaps, he isn’t interested after all.
I try to distract myself with drawing, but I can’t draw without him. I almost jump from my seat when I feel the electricity flow through my veins as he enters the restaurant.
He looks frazzled like he hasn’t slept. I wave at him exuberantly, completely forgetting to act cool. We drink coffee together, and although he makes me feel nervous, it’s a pleasant nervousness.
He asks me questions. He might want to know me as much as I want to know him. I can’t resist answering him even though it makes me anxious.
Before I know it, my coffee has gone cold because I’ve forgotten all about it. I’m so completely focused on him, trying to memorise every detail so that I can go home later and draw him. I sit there longer than I should.
So does he.
He doesn’t so much as look around the restaurant to make sure he isn’t needed. His eyes barely leave mine for a second, except to blink. It’s intimidating, and yet it feels completely natural as if I was born to be ever in his sights.
That’s ridiculous though. I don’t believe in destiny. I don’t believe in forever. It’s hard to believe in much when your body is littered with bruises that tell you otherwise.
Bruises that show where fingers have been, bruises that aren’t only skin deep but soul-shatteringly deep, touching even the core of my very being.
If that is even possible.
He keeps our conversation on mostly safe topics as if he knows there are things I don’t want to discuss.
“Were you as surprised as I was that they are moving in together?” he asks me with a massive smirk on his face.
I giggle as I nod my head.
“It just seemed so quick…”
“Like so quick!” he agrees.
“They will be happy though?”
I can’t help but seek his reassurance. I don’t believe in happily ever after. I don’t believe in love at first sight or marriage until death.
I’ve never been one for fairy tales and promises that people believe won’t be broken.
Promises are always broken. Just like my mum broke her promise when she died. His word is just as meaningless and yet I seem to crave it, need it.
“I hope so.” He looks at me, his eyes thoughtful. “I’ve never seen Landon like this over a girl. He does care about her. That much I am sure about.”
I try to think up a response, but nothing comes to mind, so instead, I just give him a sad little smile before changing the subject.
“Tell me about yourself… so far all I know is that you are friends with Landon and you own this place,” I give him a cheeky grin before continuing, “and you never seem to do any work – at least not when I’m here anyway.”
He laughs at that. He leans closer to the table. “I’ll have you know I work really hard.”
The tone of his voice leaves me shivering in my seat.
“Are you cold?” he asks although something tells me he knows exactly what is affecting me.
“No. I’m fine. Thank you,” I reply, now blushing.
“If you get cold, I can turn the heating up,” he offers kindly, extending his arm to rub his hand up my forearm, causing me to jerk away in surprise.
He generously doesn’t comment, even though I see hurt in his eyes.
“You’re very skinny. Have you always been this tiny?” he asks, clearly not realising that you should never ask a woman about her weight.
It’s a good thing he hasn’t met Michelle Stone, Aurora’s mum. She’d destroy him for that question.
“You shouldn’t ask that.”
“I’ve never worried about what I shouldn’t do. Besides just because society deems something acceptable, that doesn’t make it right. Sometimes, you have to ask the questions other people are too polite to ask. Now, tell me. I won’t ask again, love.”
“I… I’ve lost a bit, I guess.”
“Well, we’ll have to fix that.”
He waves a hand at the waiting staff. One of them approaches our table.
“Yes Sir?” the waitress asks shyly. “What can I get you?”
“Thank you, Liv. Will you get us the paella and the lasagne, please.”
I raise an eyebrow at the randomness of his order.
“You need the carbs.” He winks at me as he answers my unspoken question.
I shake my head as he continues to ask for a bottle of wine.
“It’s a bit early for lunch…”
He chuckles. “No complaints about it being too early to drink though?”
“No. None.” I join him with a little giggle of my own.
“Besides, I think this might be the only way to get a date.”
“A date?” I squeak out, surprised.
“Well, I think if I ask you out you’ll refuse, so it’s safest just to surprise you with it.”
“You think I’d refuse?” I ask him.
“Yes. You know you would.”
He doesn’t sound disappointed. He’s so certain that I’d refuse and yet he’s still sat here.
He’s confusing me.
My mind is literally reeling.
“I’m sorry,” I say quietly.
“Don’t apologise. I’m sure you have a very good reason.”
He slowly extends his arm once more. He stops just short of touching me as if seeking my approval. I nod my head, and he reaches out to move my hair behind my ear.
“Thank you.” My voice is hoarse as an unexpected wave of emotion washes over me.
“Don’t sweat it. I just want you to feel safe.”
His eyes are gentle, and for a second, I think he sees more than he should and that terrifies me.
When Liv returns with our wine, Jarrod offers a toast. “To our first date.”


CHAPTER FIVE 
Jarrod
Three weeks on from that first lunch together and she is still visiting Thorpe’s each day.
I join her more often than not, and when I can’t, I always apologise with a smile that I can only hope shows her how disappointed I am not to be able to enjoy her company.
Jack has asked me about her but I merely shook him off, ignoring his questions and when he continued to press it I told him to get stuffed.
That just made his teasing worse.
I’m sitting in the back office at Thorpe’s, going through the manager’s health and safety documents for November. I like to double check everything myself. I want to know that they are all doing their jobs right. I won’t be caught out by EHO popping in the door with their white coats to check up on us. I will not lose my five-star rating.
Jack is sat on his desk trying to get my attention. It’s eight in the morning, and yet the restaurant outside of our office is already busy. I want to get this finished before Tallulah comes in.
“Wait till Landon hears about this!”
“You can’t tell him,” I reply sharply.
“Why not?”
I refuse to answer. “Not my story to tell.” Not that I really know any more than he does.
Three weeks have passed, and I don’t think I know her much better than before.
“You could help, you know,” I say glibly.
“Yeah, Yeah,” Jack replies.
He gives me a grin that says he has no intention of helping.
“I’m going to sit in the restaurant and work on the business plan for the new restaurant.”
That gets my attention for two reasons. He’s going to sit in the restaurant so he can spy on Tallulah and me. He’s not even trying to hide it. Bastard. The other reason is the blasted name of the new restaurant.
“Have you thought about the name?”
It’s been frustrating us both all week that neither of us can think of a halfway decent name.
“Yeah. Been thinking about it.” He nods his head. “Haven’t got anywhere with it though.”
“We could just name it after you. I have Thorpe’s.”
“Yeah but Vincent’s doesn’t quite sound as good,” Jack laughs.
“The Nomad,” I joke. Jack has always been a bit of an explorer.
“I sort of like it, you know…” Jack looks out the window thoughtfully.
“The Vincent Nomad…” I’m thinking out loud. I type on my phone, looking for the meaning of Vincent. “The Conquering Nomad.”
Jack laughs, “I really like that. It makes me sound like some sort of Roman soldier.”
“Well you can dress up on opening day,” I tease him.
“Nah, I think we’ll get you to do that.” He chuckles deeply. “You better get that done. Tallulah will be here soon…”
I have no response for him. I’m not going to pretend I’m not looking forward to her visit. I’ve asked her a million questions over the last three weeks.
She’s told me about her parents. They’re dead.
She’s told me about her big brother. He raised her after their parents’ deaths. She talks about him quite a lot.
She still hasn’t told him she’s home. I think she’s a bit scared to tell him. She still hasn’t told me why she has returned from Brighton.
To be fair, I haven’t asked.
I don’t think she’s ready to tell anyone, least of all a guy she hardly knows. She’s told me about her friends. The only thing she’s refused to discuss is Brighton and her masters.
***
Two hours later I’m sat opposite Tallulah at her usual table. She’s drawing. I love watching her draw. I’m pretending to do some work, but secretly I’m watching her hands move across the page as she draws my face. I’m a little bit proud that I’ve made it onto her list of subjects. She’s amazingly talented.
“Have you transferred yet?” I shouldn’t ask. It’s a risky question. She might completely close down.
“No. Not yet.” She doesn’t look up.
“You need to, Tallulah.”
She shakes her head but doesn’t respond.
“I could come with you?” I offer.
That brings a sad smile to her face. “Thank you, but I don’t think I’m ready.”
“Just tell me when you are, and I will be right there with you.” It’s a promise. It’s a promise I won’t break.
She smiles as if I’ve just made her day and it almost leaves me breathless.
“We have a name for the restaurant,” I tell her because I don’t want to upset her and she looks close to tears.
“You do?” She’s excited for me.
“The Conquering Nomad,” I tell her. “What do you think?”
I don’t know why her opinion means so much to me. Normally the only opinions that count in my mind are my own, Jack’s, Landon’s and my father’s. It’s strange that I seem to be adding her to that list without even realising it.
“That’s pretty original.” Her eyes are bright, and I know she is not lying to me. She really does like it. “I love it. Did you think it up?”
“Yeah…” Normally I’d boast at least a little bit, but for some reason, I don’t want to boast about it to her.
“That’s amazing, Jarrod.” She extends her hand across the table and takes mine in her own. I’m surprised. It’s usually me that instigates any touching, and she usually jumps a mile as if I’ve burnt her.
This time it’s me who is caught unprepared.
Her hand warms my skin, and that heat travels across my skin and up my arm. I take advantage of the touch of her hand to mine by lifting her hand to my mouth so that I can kiss it.
The sight of her blush is a massive turn on. I get the impression not many people can make her blush.
“Thank you,” I whisper, my breath tickling her hand as I lower it back to the table. I refuse to let it go though. “So how many dates have we had now?” I ask her teasingly.
“Three weeks’ worth.” Her tinkling laugh makes me smile.
“Twenty-one?” I clarify.
She nods her head gently. The sweet look in her eyes gives me all the encouragement I need to take a risk. “I’m going to ask you now so you can prepare yourself.”
She waits for me to continue, still letting me hold her hand. That small achievement spurs me on.
“On Saturday, we’ll have had twenty-six dates at Thorpe’s. I would like to take you out for dinner on Saturday night to another restaurant.”
“Somewhere that isn’t Thorpe’s, or somewhere you don’t own?” she asks sweetly.
“Either… both?” I smirk. “Just not here. I want to take you out into the world and show you off.”
This is the closest we’ve ever gotten. Her letting me hold her hand is a big deal. We’ve not kissed. She’s been keeping her distance, and I’ve been cautious.
“Okay.”
The word takes me by surprise. I’d expected her to deny me. I was prepared to fail and put it off for another week. I’m in this for the long haul so I can deal with waiting.
It’s not going to kill me.
It might be a tad uncomfortable, but I can deal. She said yes! Well okay, she said okay. A part of me thinks getting her to agree to a date is a greater accomplishment than anything I’ve ever done.
“Good.”
“Good?” She expected more.
I’m smirking at her, clearly chuffed with myself.
“It’ll be good.”
She laughs at that, “okay.”
Her phone rings and she frowns.
“Shit.”
“It’s okay. You can answer it,” I offer.
“No. I should have turned it off. I always turn it off when I’m here.”
I don’t know how to take that.
Does she do it to make sure nothing distracts her from her time with me or is she avoiding something?
“Is it important?” I ask as she looks down at her phone as if she’s seen a ghost.
She lifts her head, and I see tears rolling down her face. Her phone is still ringing.
“Please, let me deal with this for you.”
She shakes her head, and her fingers grasp her phone tighter.
“Then let me turn it off for you.”
The ringing is harsh to my ears as she passes the phone to me. I glance at the screen to see the name Rich Roderick flash on the screen. There are also a handful of messages from him.
He’s the reason she left Brighton.
I don’t have to ask her to know it’s true. I consider answering it even though I told her I wouldn’t, but I won’t betray her like that. Instead, I press the power button and return the tainted device to her.
“Come with me,” I say quietly.
“Where?” She’s still teary from that surprising call.
“Do you trust me?”
“I – I think so.”
She’s standing up so at least that’s something.
“You can leave your belongings here. You’ll be back for them shortly.”
She nods her head as I take her hand and lead her out of the restaurant. I tell the host to watch her things. The restaurant is still quiet. It’s not quite lunchtime.
“You’re not going to tell me where we are going?”
“Nope.”
I lead her to my car and open the door for her. She climbs into my Mazda, and I can’t help but think she belongs there sat next to me. I close her door and walk around my car.
When I’m behind the wheel, I grin at her.
“I promise you it’s a good thing.”
“Promise?”
She looks less trusting than she did two seconds ago.
“Pinky promise?” I offer her my little finger.
She links her finger with mine and gives me a sweet smile.
“Alright then. You better get driving, or we’ll just be sitting here all day!”
She winks at me, and I’m delighted to see that the sadness that had taken over her eyes is now gone.


CHAPTER SIX
Jarrod
We drive through the London traffic until we’re on the King’s Road in Chelsea. I pull up in front of a o2 shop and get out of the car without a word. I open her door for her and help her out.
“Let’s get you a new sim.”
“How did you know I was with o2?” I’ve surprised her again. “I could have done this myself.”
“You shouldn’t have to,” I say as I move the hair out of her eyes. “Just let me help you.”
She doesn’t respond. Instead, she just follows me into the store. I’m quick to talk to the sales assistant, so she doesn’t have to.
“My friend here needs a new sim card. She needs a new number.”
“I can get that sorted for you, right away.”
He is young and a little bit spotty, and he can’t keep his eyes off Tallulah. I can’t blame him. Even sad, she is stunning. I cling to her hand though in some small attempt at claiming her. Not that she’d let me lay claim to her.
“If you’d wanted the same number we’d have had to send it you in the post… Come this way.”
We follow him to a small desk where he begins to ask Tallulah a ton of questions, most of which I can’t answer. I take mental notes though. I refuse to forget a single detail of who she is.
“Can I have your phone, Miss Conway?” he asks. “If you have a password you will need to unlock it.”
“Yeah, sure.” She pulls the mobile out of her pocket. Her hand is trembling as she prepares to turn it on.
“Let me,” I offer, taking the phone from her.
I press the power button and watch the o2 logo swirl on the screen. I remove the notifications that have popped up on the screen.
“Here love. Just put in your password and give your phone to Charlie here.”
She does as I ask, and I’m humbled by this side of her she has now let me see. I get the feeling she hasn’t let her friends see her this weak. It doesn’t take us long to get her a new sim with a new number.
“Now he won’t be able to upset you,” I tell her gently as we leave.
She looks up at me.
“He doesn’t make me sad.” She sounds terse, and I think I might have overstepped.
“Should we get a coffee?” I offer, trying to change the subject.
“No. I think we need to get back.”
Fuck! I messed that one up.
I lead her to the car and hold the door open as she climbs in.
Just as I’m about to close it, she whispers, “thank you,” so quietly that I almost miss it.
***
I’m sitting at her table waiting for her the next morning, tapping my nails on the tabletop. I’m concerned she won’t come back after I overstepped yesterday. It’s really hard to know how close I’m allowed to get.
Last night I had gone home after work and found myself googling Rich Roderick. I found him on Facebook. He had a collection of photographs of himself and Tallulah together.
They both looked happy.
I had found myself imagining all the possible scenarios – had he cheated?
Had he dumped her? But nothing made sense. Why would he be calling her now and why was she so scared?
She’d looked terrified yesterday when she received that call.
No. I don’t know what happened between Roderick and Tallulah but I’m going to find out, and if he’s hurt her, I’ll destroy him.
I’m lost in my thoughts when she wanders into the restaurant. She takes me by surprise when she leans down and gives me a kiss on the cheek. That’s the first time she’s done that. Every little step we take feels like we’ve climbed a mountain together.
“Hello you,” I manage to say gruffly. She looks tired. “You didn’t sleep well?”
“No. I didn’t,” she admits.
I desperately want to ask why but I’m not sure she will want to tell me.
“Do you want to share some pancakes? I feel like breakfast.”
“Sure.”
She gives me a blinding smile that makes the electricity that surrounds us crackle in the air.
“Great.”
I make a quick dash to the bar and make a request for pancakes and orange juice.
***
She’s drawing when I return to the table. I could watch her draw all day.
“Do you draw anything else?” I ask teasingly.
“You’re very good to look at.”
She licks her lower lip before smirking at me.
“Oh, and here was me thinking you could improve the way I look.”
“No. Just want to do your face justice.”
“Sweetheart, your drawings are perfection themselves. I definitely don’t look that attractive in real life.”
I wink at her.
“You’re wrong.”
She punches me in the arm with a surprising amount of strength.
“I’m glad you think so.”
We’re quiet for a few minutes, and I consider trying to raise the topic of her transferring her Uni course. I don’t want her to waste her gift, but I also don’t want to ruin my time with her.
I look up and am taken aback when I see Landon in the doorway giving me a strange look. He’s talking to Jack.
Shit. I forgot he has a breakfast meeting with his lawyers about taking over his father’s business.
He’s going to have a million questions about this one. He’ll want to know what is going on between Tallulah and me – but the truth is there isn’t very much I can tell him. I wonder if I should go and say hello but I don’t want to leave Tallulah, not for a minute.
“Have you thought about transferring some more?” I ask as I return my eyes to her. She’s watching Landon too.
“You don’t think he’ll tell Rory, do you?”
I don’t know why she’s that upset at the idea of her best friend finding out we’re spending time together.
“I can ask him not to,” I tell her while trying to hide how disappointed I am.
“Please.”
Her eyes are begging me, and I won’t refuse her no matter how disappointing it is.
“It’s just… I’ve enjoyed having this time to myself. I don’t want Roo or Cam to start inviting themselves along.”
Her answer makes me feel slightly better.
“It’s not that I don’t want them to know we’re spending time together.”
I nod.
“I know, sweetheart. Don’t sweat it. I’ll ask him to keep it to himself.”
“Thank you.” She gives me a blinding smile that catches me off guard. “So, what have you got planned for us today?”
“Oh, I take you out to the o2 store, and suddenly you expect to go out every day?” I smirk at her. “I guess we could get that coffee you owe me from yesterday, or I could take the day off, and we could go to the zoo.”
“I love the zoo.” She’s practically jumping out of her seat with excitement.
“Zoo it is then,” I chuckle, “but we might have to get a Starbucks to go.”
“Oh yeah definitely!” she responds as she gathers her things together and wraps herself up in her layers of scarves, gloves and coat.
She’s practically out the door before I have my coat on.
“Are you coming?”
“Anywhere you go, sweetheart,” I say under my breath, enjoying the happiness that is lighting up her eyes.
I drop a quick text to Landon before I follow her out the door;
Hey man. Tallulah doesn’t want her friends knowing she’s been coming in here. She’s been using it as a quiet place to draw. Please don’t tell Aurora. Thanks, bro.
I don’t wait for a response before sticking the phone in the pocket of my chinos.
***
Being at the zoo with Tallulah is exactly like being at the zoo with a toddler. Her eyes light up when she sees a new animal, and she drags me by the hand from one viewing area to the next, desperate to share her joy with me.
I almost expect her to force me to buy her candy floss, but instead, she drinks water as I try to make her eat every snack I can find.
“Anyone would think you’re trying to fatten me up,” she giggles when I offer her a chocolate bar.
“A few extra pounds would do you some good,” I tell her with a smirk before chomping down on my own bar.
Her eyes rove up and down me, and I can’t help but enjoy being the focus of her attention.
“You’re a little overdressed for the zoo.”
“I’m dressed down,” I tell her, mocking offence. I’m wearing chinos and a shirt. Most weekdays I live in suits.
“No, Jarrod,” she giggles, “I’m dressed down.”
She’s wearing a pair of jeans, leather boots, a jumper, coat and more scarves than she can possibly need.
I lean over and grab hold of one of her scarves.
“How can you say this is you dressed down? You are wearing about five scarves!”
“I’m not wearing five scarves.”
Her eyes narrow at me. 
“I’m wearing two,” she says as if wearing two is so much more normal than wearing five.
She looks genuinely disappointed with me when I can’t hold back my laughter.
“Oh, I’m sorry Sweetheart.” I grin at her mischievously. “I love your scarves,” I say as I kiss her nose.
She blushes, taking me by surprise. I’ve not seen her blush before. I can’t stop the words that fall from my mouth next, even though I’m convinced they might earn me a slap.
“Do you wear them to bed?”
She shakes her head, snickering under her breath before telling me off for having a dirty mind. I laugh with her. We’re close. Stood facing each other, we’re so close we can feel each other’s breath on our faces. She’s slowly getting used to me touching her. All innocuous touches that are no longer making her jump out of her skin. My voice is husky when I ask my next question.
I ask the question instead of taking a risk and acting upon my own desire. I don’t want to catch her off guard, at least not too much. She’s fragile, even though she won’t admit it.
“So, how many dates before I can kiss you properly?”
“You’re counting every day that we’ve sat together at Thorpe’s, aren’t you?”
“God, yeah!” I wrap her fly away hair around my fist. “A guy has to use every tool in his arsenal when he’s trying to win the girl.”
“I’m not sure what the correct answer is,” she tells me quietly.
“The truth is the only answer I’ll ever want, Sweetheart.”
My words sound cheesier out loud than they had in my head. She doesn’t reply. She just bites her lip without taking eyes off mine.
“No problem. I’ll just make a guess, and if you slap me, I’ll know I messed up.”
“I’ll never slap you,” she’s adamant.
“Never say never,” I wink down at her. “There may come a time when I fully deserve it.”
“Well, if you deserve a good slap I’ll just not come back.”
She means it as a joke, but we both hear the truth that is ringing in her words. She left Brighton. She left Roderick. Bloody Rich Roderick: a man whose mere name on the screen of her phone brings fear to her eyes.
“Fancy checking out the Lions?” I ask her as I try to clear my mind. 
“Sure – they have white Lions here!” I’ve fully distracted her with a new animal. Success. Shame, I can’t distract myself in the same way.
“No way. That’s cool,” I reply, although my mind is still on Roderick and his mobile number. I’ve stupidly memorised it. I’m good with numbers. I only have to see a sequence once, and I’ll remember it for weeks. Everything inside me wants to give his number to Henry, my friend Landon’s Head of Security. He’d be able to find out all about him in a matter of minutes but she’d probably never forgive me so for the time being his number is just staying put in my memory. 

CHAPTER SEVEN
Tallulah
Days later and I still can’t believe that Jarrod took me to the zoo.
He took me to the zoo!
Of all places, even now I can’t imagine Jarrod at the zoo. It doesn’t matter that I’ve seen him there with my own eyes.
I’m getting ready for our date. Today is the first day in over a month that I haven’t gone into Thorpe’s and if I’m honest, the only reason I didn’t was that Jarrod had text me to tell me he had a meeting and wouldn’t be there. I hadn’t even realised he had my number.
Sneaky bastard.
Instead, I had tried to have a lie in. I’d failed and ended up cleaning the flat. Living with two guys is a nightmare. Aurora had always done all the housework. She was a bit OCD.
Now it seems to have all landed on my shoulders. It’s not that the guys don’t tidy up after themselves – no, that’s exactly what it is.
They leave their shoes everywhere. The worst is when they leave their football boots, caked in mud in the hall.
It’s now mid-afternoon, and the flat is perfectly clean, but I’m not sure for how long. Both Theo and Cam are still in their beds, having gone out last night to pick up girls. A few days after Theo had moved in the two lads had made some sort of pact to be each other’s wingman. I’d thought the whole thing was completely ridiculous, but it seems to be working for them both. Neither one of them has had an empty bed for weeks now.
I’m doing the dishes with my favourite Spotify playlist playing when I hear screaming. I briefly wonder if one of the lad’s one-night-stand has just woken up to realise that she’s in bed with an absolute player with no intention of ever committing to her.
“What are you doing in my daughter’s bed?” I hear the high-pitched squeal of Michelle Stone. Shit.
 I dart across the hall and into Theo’s room. Michelle has her hands on her hips as she berates Theo for turning her daughter into his heinous slut.
“I can’t believe she is behaving like this! This is not how I raised her,” she screams, her hands going out in all directions.
She’s irate. I know she can be difficult, but I have never known her to be like this.
“Mrs Stone.”
Theo is sat on his bed. He hasn’t moved. He’s stock still with shock. It’s quite funny actually. He’s sat there in his boxer shorts with a book in his lap. His hair a mass of black mess from the shower and his abs are brazenly staring at me, demanding my attention.
I’m surprised that Michelle isn’t distracted by them. She’s not even noticed they exist and here I am naming them, while I drool. Theo climbs across the bed, his hands raised in surrender.
“I’m not sleeping with your daughter.”
I hadn’t even realised Mrs Stone had a key.
“Mrs Stone,” I try, “Aurora moved in with Landon.”
“She did what?”
She turns on me as if I’m the devil incarnate.
“She moved in with Landon and Theo took her room.”
“She… I need to go find my daughter.”
She is half way out the door before she stops.
“I don’t even know where my daughter is living.”
Her eyes give away that underneath the anger, she’s actually really hurt.
“I can give you the address,” I say to her. “Let me write it down for you.”
I lead her into the kitchen where I jot down the address on a Post It Note.
“I can’t believe she didn’t tell me.” Mrs Stone looks heartbroken.
“I know she didn’t mean to hurt you.” I try to comfort her.
“Well, intentions be damned. She has.”
She begins towards the door before turning back.
“Thank you, Tallulah.”
“You’re welcome, Mrs Stone.”
“You know better than that. Call me, Michelle.” She smiles at me. “Apologise to that boy for me, would you?”
“Of course, Michelle.” I nod my head, before stepping forward to give her a quick embrace.
***
As soon as she is out the door, I’m ringing Aurora’s mobile number.
Shit. Shit. Shit. Answer the damn phone, Aurora!
I’m supposed to be getting ready for my date, and instead, I am trying to get a hold of my best friend to warn her that her mum is on the way.
“Hi Tallulah.” It’s Landon.
“Landon? Where’s Aurora?”
I know I sound like a panicky mess but what’s a girl to do when shit hits the fan. I really can’t believe Aurora failed to tell her mum she had moved out.
It must have been about a month!
“What’s wrong Tallulah? Aurora’s asleep. Do you want me to wake her up?”
“Yes! Shit! She can’t be asleep. Fuck.”
“Tallulah explain.”
***
By the time Jarrod arrives to pick me up for our date an hour later, I’ve calmed down quite a bit. Just moments ago, I left a voicemail for Aurora, hoping that she’s okay, but I’ve yet to hear back.
“Are you okay?” Jarrod asks as he leads me to his car. “You seem distracted.”
“I have so much to tell you.”
“Sounds ominous.”
“You won’t believe me when I tell you,” I tell him.
He chuckles. “I can’t wait to hear it.”
I wait until he is sat next to me in the car before spilling the beans.
“So, Aurora’s mum burst into the flat this afternoon. She was furious.”
I probably sound like a teenager sharing gossip, but I’m still in shock and can’t believe it actually happened.
“Why was she angry?” he asks, his face showing his confusion.
“Turns out, Aurora hadn’t told her that she’d moved out.”
“Oh.” Jarrod chuckles.
“Yup. She walked in on Theo reading in his boxers on what she thought was her daughter’s bed.”
“No way!”
“Yeah, shit hit the fan. She was seriously pissed.”
“I bet she was really hurt,” Jarrod sighed.
“She was.”
I shake my head disbelievingly.
“Aurora is normally so good at considering everything and everyone else. I think it was a bit of a surprise. Plus, the Stone’s own the flat. None of us are paying rent.”
“You don’t pay rent?”
He glances at me.
“Mr and Mrs Stone bought the flat for their daughters. I’ve offered to pay, but they’ve refused.”
“That’s very kind of them.”
“Michelle and Lewis are very generous,” I tell him with a smile. “So, where are you taking me?”
“I’m not telling you, Sweetheart.”
His smirk makes it clear that he is enjoying keeping me in the dark.
He asks me a bit more about Aurora and her parents. I tell him some of the other things that have happened while I’ve been friends with Aurora, including the fact that nicknames aren’t allowed.
“They are very rulesy. Seriously high expectations.”
“That’s no excuse though. I can’t believe Aurora kept that a secret. Her poor parents.”
“When you’re in your twenties, and everything you do is dictated by your parents – Jarrod, you wouldn’t believe their list of rules – I think it’s easy to want a little freedom.”
“I don’t know.”
He’s trying to see Aurora’s perspective; he’s frowning, and it’s adorable, not that I’d tell him that.
“She was their perfect daughter,” I tell him honestly. “That’s what they expected.”
“No one expects that.”
“I swear Michelle does.”
He doesn’t believe me.
“Aileen, their other daughter, is barely on speaking terms with her parents because they forced her to have her baby adopted.”
“What?” Jarrod’s eyes go wide with surprise. “That’s ridiculous.”
“They sent her away to Bournemouth so it wouldn’t cause a scandal. Her own sister didn’t know she was even pregnant.”
“Alright, point made.”
He shakes his head. He continues to ask questions. I answer as well as I can. I don’t tell him anything top secret, nothing Aurora would be angry at me for sharing, just enough to make sure he understands where she is coming from.
“I can’t imagine a mother behaving like that,” he says when I’m finished.
“She’s not like most mums.”
“I wouldn’t know,” Jarrod says matter-of-factly.


CHAPTER EIGHT 
Tallulah
“You don’t know your mum?” I ask, intrigued by this tiny bit of information he’s giving me. It’s not that he doesn’t share. He does and often. It’s just that every bit of information he offers me helps me to see him better.
“She died.”
“I’m so sorry.”
“It’s okay.”
“No. It’s not. Losing a parent is awful. Trust me; I get it.”
“Can’t lose what you never had,” he tells me as easily as he would tell me it’s raining outside.
“My mum died in childbirth. I’m the reason she’s dead. I’m the reason my dad is alone.”
“It’s not your fault,” I tell him, although I have a feeling my words are completely meaningless and do nothing to comfort him.
“I know,” he smiles sadly at me, “logically, I know you are right… anyway, that wasn’t my point. I just meant that I imagine mums being sweet and wholesome, you know?”
“Yeah, I know,” I reply. “Mrs Stone makes my mum seem like an angel.”
“That must be nice.” He gives me a blinding smile. You’re very lucky.”
“I was,” I tell him quietly. “I was the luckiest girl in the world until I wasn’t anymore.”
His eyes sparkle with confusion as he tries to process my words. I take pity on him, explaining what I rarely talk about, “my parents are dead.”
“I’m so sorry.” His face exposes his utter devastation. He genuinely cares that I’m an orphan. Growing up I had hated that word. When the kids at school called me one, I had responded by hitting them. I’d almost gotten expelled as a result. If it weren't for my brother, Nathan fighting for me, explaining my behaviour away, I probably would have been. 
“Tell me about them?”
He’s asking for something I’m not sure I can give. It’ll cost more than I care to hurt yet I feel compelled to let him closer, let him see this weaker part of me, the orphan child that sits inside my soul.
“They were everything. Everything parents should be. I loved them more than sunshine, more than every good thing but my love couldn’t keep them here.”
“Love doesn’t work that way,” he tells me gently.
“Then I don’t want to feel it.”
My words are brutal honesty. I see a flicker of something behind his eyes; understanding perhaps?
Empathy?
No. Disappointment.
I’ve just shattered whatever expectations he had for us.
“I don’t want to lose it again. It hurt too much, far too much.”
“But isn’t it better to…” He stops himself as if he realises that he’s about to give me an answer riddled with falsities and clichés. “I understand,” he sighs, “but what happens if love sneaks up on you.”
“I’ll run a hundred miles before I let myself fall in love.”
“Some love can last.”
“Nothing lasts,” I frown. “I’m a little bit damaged, a little too cynical, I don’t think I have to worry about falling in love. You have to trust to love.”
“And you don’t trust?” He asks me as he pulls the car to a stop in a car park near the city centre.
“I trust myself.”
I shake my head trying to empty my mind. The bruises may have cleared, but I’ll never trust anyone else that much again. I could easily fall into the trap of trusting Jarrod though. He’s been nothing but good to me.
“Anyway, we’re supposed to be having fun!”
“Fun.”
“Fun!” I give him my best Tallulah smile. The one without a single crack. The one that even fools my big brother.
“We can do fun.”
He smirks. He leans forward so that I can feel his breath on my face. He kisses me far too sweetly. Kisses like that are designed to make a girl fall in love. His mouth is firm, unyielding yet gentle against mine.
When he lets me breathe, I gasp out, “Promise me one thing?”
“Anything.”
He doesn’t even have to think about it. He agrees without hesitation. It is as if he’d give me anything I ask for. I hate promises. Like love, they aren’t built to last. No matter our intentions inadvertently we’re almost guaranteed to break them. It’s a mixture of human nature and pure fate. You can’t beat fate.
“Don’t let me fall in love with you.” I’m practically begging him for my own sanity.
His face is so expressive. Right now, it is raging with anger one second and crumpled with disappointment the next. I’ve asked the one thing he doesn’t want to give me, but equally, he is a man of his word. I can see the fight in his eyes. He wants to do the honourable thing, but he wants me equally if not more so.
“I…” He frowns, his eyes thoughtful swirls of colour as he looks for a loophole. “Okay.”
“Promise?”
“Promise.”
He’s dejected, and we’ve barely even started our night together. I wonder if I’ve ended the night prematurely.
After all, he’s shown every sign of being serious about this, about us. But there can’t be an us. There is no us. I can’t risk it. I almost expect him to turn the car around and take me home.
He surprises me when he says, “I’m going to be the best friend you’ve ever had.”
That hurts. Those words don’t apply to Jarrod and me, but I guess it’s the only option left open to us now that he’s promised I won’t fall for him.
***
He gives me a map when we get out of the car. It’s a tourist map of the city.
“I’ve marked some spots for you.”
“Tourist locations?” I ask as I notice The London Eye and The London Dungeons are both on the list.
“Too often Londoners forget what it’s like to enjoy the city sights.” He’s not wrong. I grew up in London, but I can count on one hand the number of London attractions I’ve visited. “Where to first?” he asks.
“There’s too many to choose,” I tell him with a teenage girl like scream.
“We have the whole weekend.”
“You were planning on kidnapping me?” I ask with a smirk.
“I had hoped you’d come willingly, but yes if need be, I’d be comfortable with kidnap. The ends fully justify the means.”
“So, either way,” I laugh wholeheartedly, “I don’t get a choice.”
“You get a say in how we spend the time.”
“What if I’d made other plans?”
“Then I’d have accompanied you to your plans.”
“Keen on spending time with me, aren’t you Thorpe?”
“More than you know, Miss Conway.”
“I enjoy spending time with you,” I admit shyly.
“I’m glad to hear it,” he says, smirking broadly.
He’s clearly proud of himself like a child showing their mum their prized piece of art. Except Jarrod never had that opportunity. I had thought I’d missed out. I’d never considered what it would have been like never to have had them.
My parents were my world growing up. They were fun. My dad made all the best voices during story time, and my mum gave the best feel better hugs. I can’t imagine my childhood without them. They were my life.
We start with the London Eye, drinking champagne at the very top of London. The sun has fallen, and the stars are out, and its ridiculously romantic and yet Jarrod is being a frustratingly perfect gentleman.
He hasn’t kissed me again.
Something I’m beginning to regret.
I want him to kiss me here, surrounded by pretty lights and at the top of London looking down on the city I love, but he doesn’t.
He’s hell bent on making a friend out of me, and I appreciate his kindness while equally hating him for it. Perhaps, I spoke too soon. Maybe I should have waited to see where things were going.
But you know where this is going! My thoughts are snide; you are already feeling too much.
His hand rests on the small of my back as we stare out of the pod at the dark London skyline. That little touch has invaded my brain to the point of neurons misfiring. It’s all I can think about. Forget the stunning city below. Forget the drink in my hand. Forget everything I left in Brighton. Right now, all I can think about is the way the touch of his hand is sending tingles all the way up my back to my neck.
“It’s beautiful,” I say because we’ve been silent too long and although it has been a comfortable silence, it is too easy, too relaxed. I can’t afford to be this comfortable with him.
“Yes. It is,” he agrees.
He doesn’t even glance my way. I wonder if he is angry with me for my stupid fears or if it is just as hard for him. If perhaps, this new invisible boundary between us is proving harder than expected. Secretly, I’m hoping he breaks his promise, but at the same time, I’m dreading the same thing.
***
Instead of taking me home at the end of the evening he drives us to an exclusive hotel. Before I can protest, he reassures me that he has booked two rooms. Dinner is prepared and waiting for us in the restaurant.
“I want your opinion on this hotel. I’m thinking of buying it.”
“It’s impressive,” I tell him honestly as I look around at the sleek lines and efficient staff that seem just to disappear unless you seek them out.
“Just wait until you’ve seen your room.”
“Did you get me the best?” I tease him jokingly.
“Only ever. We’ve got the penthouse.”
I smile at how much he’s planned for us. He’s being unbelievably generous, and now we’re not even on a date, and yet he’s still willing to pull out all the stops just for a friend.
I still can’t believe he friend zoned me. It’s my own damn fault for asking for that promise. I should be grateful, but all I can think is that he might be different. That’s the sort of thought that will get me in trouble.
Things are a bit awkward as we eat our dinner. We’ve both gotten used to little passing touches, but they are now off limits. He keeps stopping himself half way to playing with my hair just to withdraw his hand.
That’s the worst part of this pesky promise.
I want his touch. I want his hand in my hair. I want his mouth on mine. His arm around my shoulder.
When the touches first started, they had scared the crap out of me. Now, I covet them, and he’s holding back on me, and it’s all my own damn fault.
Bloody hell. I don’t want to be his friend.
His perfect gentleman routine doesn’t let up after dinner. His mother would have been so proud. He lets me into the penthouse. There is a massive lounge in the middle with a huge balcony overlooking the city. On either side of the lounge, there are double doors. He walks me to one set of doors, kisses my cheek and wishes me sweet dreams. What he doesn’t know is that my dreams will be full of him. 

CHAPTER NINE 
Jarrod
This is a nightmare. It’s hell. Pure torture.
It is excruciatingly painful – I’m lying in my bed wishing that tonight had gone differently. It’s not that I’d expected to sleep with Tallulah tonight. I hadn’t. It’s just I hadn’t expected that blasted promise.
I think she might be trying to kill me, except she’s far too kind for that. All night all I wanted to do was touch her, hold her hand, run my hand along her neck, play with her hair and I couldn’t.
Now I’m lying here with a hard cock that won’t go down on its own and a mind that can’t think of anything except kissing her.
I should have refused her promise but how could I when she asked so sincerely?
I don’t think I could refuse her anything, even if I wanted to. I think she was disappointed too. I hope so.
I need her to regret it.
I need to make her relent on that promise because I can’t break it. I won’t be that man. I want her trust more than anything. Even more, than I need to kiss her right now and that is a heck of a lot.
I get out of bed because I’m achieving nothing lying here. I’m not wearing much. Just a pair of boxers. A small, well not so small part of me is hoping she will come out of her room too. I’m surprised when I open the door to the lounge, and she is curled up under a blanket watching TV, her eyes half closed.
“What are you doing awake?” I ask gruffly.
She jumps half a mile out of her skin, and the blanket drops slightly to show that she is wearing a lacy strappy top with absolutely no sign of a bra.
God! She looks magnificent right now.
Her hair is wild, and her eyes are hooded. I’d beg to fuck her right now if I thought it would help my cause.
“I couldn’t sleep,” she tells me shyly, her voice heavy with tiredness, as she pulls the blanket up almost to her chin.
I chuckle at the action. Even her timidity is hot. I smile sweetly – or at least I hope it comes off sweetly and not like a wolf who just spotted little red – and walk around the sofa until I am able to sit next to her.
I move slowly so as not to catch her off guard, lowering myself under her blanket. I pull her feet onto my lap and begin to massage them.
Fuck the bloody promise! She sighs and what nervousness I feel about breaking this boundary completely dissipates.
Her eyes close as I watch her reactions. She bites down on her lower lip, making me want to kiss her. Her head drops onto the cushion behind her, exposing her neck.
I’ve never been a big fan of love bites, but I’d plant one on her neck as an act of pure alpha male claiming. She wouldn’t appreciate it though so instead I hold back.
When I stop, she curls up and rests her head on my shoulder like it’s the most natural thing in the world. She falls asleep quickly after that, leaving me with a practically weeping dick. I’m wide awake and just watching her sleep. But if I’m going to enjoy tomorrow, I need to sleep. I’m not good on no sleep. I pick her up and return her to her bed.
Just as I’m preparing to leave, she grabs my hand and asks me to stay. It’s the most tempting offer I’ve received in a long time, but if I stay, I will break my promise.
“What about the promise?” I ask her, silently begging her to release me from it. “I can’t stay and keep it.”
“Oh yeah,” she sighs – she sounds as disappointed as I am – as her grip loosens. “I forgot about that.”
“I’m sorry, sweetheart,” I tell her because I genuinely am.
I’m sorry that something or perhaps someone in her life has made her believe the promise is necessary.
Her hand drops and she whispers out gently, “I don’t know how long this promise will keep.”
“As long as you want it to,” I promise her.
“You’re too good. I don’t deserve you.”
“That’s not true. You deserve far more than I can ever give you.”
She giggles slightly, and I’m sure she must be talking in her sleep when she says, “I only want you.”
“And you’ll always have me.”
“Promise?”
“Promise.” It’s the easiest promise I’ve ever made. I don’t think I’ll ever break it.
I leave her room as quietly as I can and make my way to the mini bar. I need a drink. She affects me more than she should. Even now with her in the next room, so close yet unattainable she is all I can think about. She’s exactly what I want, and I’ll do everything to get her.
***
Morning comes eventually. The night is excruciatingly slow. Thoughts of Tallulah across the hall prevent all sleep until just before breakfast time. I give up. I ring for room service, ordering an assortment of things with the aim to feed Tallulah up.
When I had first met her, she had been a little too skinny, and our daily meals together had been helping her fix that or at least I think it has. Her hips have started filling out, and she looks like she doesn’t need to sleep for a week to get rid of the bags under her eyes.
I knock her door when the food arrives, but there is no answer. I knock twice but still nothing, so I slowly open the door.
She’s curled up in a ball around her pillow. Her hair surrounds her like a golden halo. She looks more broken now than I’ve ever seen her. It’s like she’s only really vulnerable in slumber.
And here I thought that she had shown me quite a lot of that precious vulnerability.
How wrong I had been!
I want to pick her up and wrap her in the safety of my arms. I’m a man uncertain what to do. Every part of me feels compelled to protect her, but she made me make that damn promise and so somehow, I have to protect her from myself too.
It would be okay except it contradicts everything I feel and want and believe I need. There is a strong resounding voice in my head demanding that I put her needs before my own. I try waking her from the doorway.
“Sweetheart,” I gently call, “breakfast is here.”
When she doesn’t respond, I make my way into her domain. As I approach her bed, I realise her breathing is deep and relaxed; this brokenness has become normal for her. I make a silent promise that I will change that. I will make her strong even if it makes me weak.
“Sweetheart. Wake up, lovely. Breakfast is waiting.”
She rolls over away from me giving me access to her beautiful neck. I kiss it gently.
“Wake up sweetheart before I pick you up and carry you next door.”
She surprises me when she just raises her arms as if inviting me to do just that. I allow them to wrap around my neck and prepare to lift her into my arms. I’m too slow because before I know it, she has me down on the bed completely on top of her.
“Big mistake, darling,” I whisper harshly. “I’ve got you just where I want you now. We won’t be going anywhere.”
Her body trembles and I try to get her to look at me. Her face is hidden in the crook of my neck. Her breath tickles, and I grin as I realise she is laughing. 
“Cheeky girl! This was your plan all along!”
I smirk as I lower my hips so that she will feel just what she is doing to me. Perhaps not even a day in, she will recuse me from that blasted promise. I kiss her neck once more before following her jaw-line with the touch of my mouth, and it's pure heaven.
It's everything I ever thought it would be. Her lips are sweet yet slightly salty as if she has been crying. The thought is only a distraction for a minute before all my focus is back on the kiss.
It’s not hard or soft.
It’s not gentle or rough.
It’s not passionate.
It’s not sweet.
It’s pure perfection.
It’s a fight to restrain myself as I lose myself in the ecstasy of the touch of her skin against mine. Control is lost, and every attempt I’ve made to keep my promise is forgotten as I lower her top and drop my head to kiss her newly exposed skin.
She’s with me every step of the way until she isn’t.
I don’t know what goes wrong. One second, she’s moaning and running her hands through my hair, and the next she is screaming for me to get off her and scratching at my arms.
I’m off her and across the room within seconds, my back to the wall and my hands up in an act of surrender.
Her eyes give away the utter panic she feels. She’s not breathing. I want to remind her, help her, do something, anything except I’m convinced I’ll only make this worse. I’m completely out of my element and at a loss for what to do.
She’s slow to move, but when she does, she is practically a blur. She’s dressed and out the door without a word before I can so much as tell her, “I love you.”
The words follow after her, though she may never hear them now.
Fuck! Shit! How can I fix this?
I didn’t go into her room to kiss her or for sex. I just wanted her to eat. Just food, that’s it. Nothing more and I managed to well and truly blunder my way into hell.
The road to hell isn’t paved with good intentions. It’s paved with pleasure, passion, desire, love. It’s paved with dreams and wishes. It’s paved with stupidity. It’s paved with lust and want. It’s paved with mistakes, and I’ve just fucked up royally. Worse still, I have no idea how to fix this. I consider going after her, perhaps following her to her place but what would that achieve if she’s scared of me.
I don’t just want her.
I bloody well need her.
And now she is gone.
I make my way into the living room area where our breakfast is waiting for us. I walk past it, completely ignoring it and into my room. I dress quickly, plotting away in my head as to how I can make this right.
I glance at the screen of my phone before popping it into my trouser pocket.
I leave the penthouse, all plans for our day together forgotten. I’m devastated as I stand waiting for the lift to take me down to the lobby.
She ran away from me.
I can’t believe how badly I fucked up. I had had no intentions of rushing her. I’m in it for the long haul, and yet in a split second, I’d risked it all for a moment of lust.
Fuck! I need a plan.
I consider texting her, but I have no clue what I would actually say. The valet goes to collect my car as I wait impatiently, tapping my foot. My eyes are unfocused, my mind a hazy mess of tumbling thoughts. I’m still trying to process what the hell just happened let alone how to fix it. She’s gone and left me like a fool confused. Nothing makes sense without her by my side.
The valet puts the keys in my hand. I should thank him, but I just rush past him and climb into my car. I put my foot down and drive out of the hotel driveway without thinking where to go. I drive fast yet aimlessly.
Options run through my head. I could chase her, follow her to her flat. I could just give up and go home. I could go to work, but I took the day off, and that would be accepting defeat.
My phone rings through the car’s hands-free. I’m quick to answer without checking the Caller ID as it flashes on the dashboard.
“Hello,” I answer, silently hoping that it is Tallulah calling me.
“Alright son,” I sigh as I recognise my father’s voice.
“Hi dad,” I reply. “How are you?”
“Not bad. Not bad. Just wanted to see what you are doing for Christmas.”
“Dad, Christmas is just over a week away,” I frown. “I haven’t made plans.”
“Fancy a quick trip? We could go back to Germany or Holland?”
“Yeah, maybe.” I’m distracted, but luckily my father doesn’t notice. Maybe this is just what I need. A break. Some distance. A chance to clear my head. Time to plot my next move. “Let’s do it. When were you thinking of leaving?”
“How about Sunday?”
“The twenty-third?” I clarify.
“Yeah, we could make a week of it.”
His tone is relaxed. My dad doesn’t make plans. We don’t usually do anything for Christmas. At most, we have a drink on Christmas Day at home and visit my mother’s grave together.
“Perhaps travel back on the thirtieth?”
“Sounds like a plan,” I reply. “Can we confirm the details later tonight?” I need to at least attempt to fix this before I leave.
“Of course, we can,” he replies.
I hear his hesitation. The idea of a week away was just a pretence but he’s not going to tell me more. He’s holding off, and I haven’t got the time or the patience to press him for whatever he wants to tell me.
“I’ll speak to you later.”
“Yeah. Bye dad,” I respond before hanging up.
I tap my hand on the steering wheel.
“SHIT!” I bark out into the solitude of my car. I drive home. I don’t know what else to do.

CHAPTER TEN 
Jarrod
I called her twice last night, but she didn’t answer.
It’s Monday morning, and I’m sat at Thorpe’s, half dreading the moment she will walk through the door and half fearing she won’t come at all.
I’m sat at her table in anticipation of her hopefully imminent arrival. My eyes dart to the door every time I hear it open, but she doesn’t come.
For the first day in over a month, I might not see her, and that thought doesn’t sit well with me.
I grow impatient. I need her here where she belongs. I want her with me. I want to wrap her up in my arms so I can protect her from whatever demons keep her away from me.
It doesn’t matter what I want. She won’t let me care for her. She won’t let me love her. My mind is a mess; she won’t let me protect her.
I give up waiting after an hour and a half of being stood up. I can’t believe she didn’t come. I’d hoped we could talk this through, fix it together but that doesn’t seem to be an option.
I wonder if I should try to call her again, but there is no point. It won’t accomplish anything, so instead, I stand up and leave the restaurant.
***
The next few days are hell as I try to focus on my work instead of thinking about her. She doesn’t come into the restaurant, and by Wednesday I’ve all but given up hope that she will.
Landon has texted me and asked me over to his place for a curry tonight. He’s just put Aurora on a helicopter, and he won’t see her for a week.
I can’t imagine not seeing Tallulah for a week, three days has been bad enough and the days keep mounting up.
I have a case of beers as I wait for Landon to let me into his apartment. Landon grins at me when he opens his front door to me.
“I brought the beer. Have you ordered the food?” I ask.
“It’s waiting in the kitchen,” he replies as he wanders back into his home.
I follow him, looking around. The place has changed. Someone else lives here now, and it’s clear to see.
“Love what Aurora has done with the place,” I smirk teasing him. I had never imagined a day when Landon Peters would fall in love and yet here it is.
“Fuck off,” Landon replies as he leads me into the kitchen.
“Nah man,” I chuckle gently, “she’s changing you.”
“Is she?” he asks. “I feel like she’s found me.”
I get that. I’m lost without Tallulah; a muddled fool of a man with no direction or purpose.
***
We talk for hours about what feels like everything. We’ve not seen each other properly in quite some time, and I’ve missed this.
I tell Landon about my plans for my business, and he tells me about Aurora. I’m stretched back on the sofa sometime later.
“I’ve not had a decent curry in… I don’t know how long.” Landon just grins at me, so I continue, “Missing the misses yet?”
He nods his head. Neither of us look at each other. Instead, we watch the football game on the TV. I watch as the striker tries for a goal and fails, just like me failing with Tallulah.
“It’s complete bollocks,” he says, turning to face me. “I should have just gone with her.”
“But your dad’s sick, right?” I ask because he hasn’t told me.
It’s strange because usually, he tells me everything. Except this time, he only told Jack. I’m not offended, just a little confused.
“Yeah.” His head is shaking. “I couldn’t go… too much going on here.”
“You’re really into her, aren’t you?”
“Yeah,” he replies quickly. “It’s pretty blatant, isn’t it?”
He’s grinning like a bloody puppy.
I wonder if he realises, he’s in love with her yet?
“I think it’s good,” I laugh. “Slightly balmy but definitely good.”
“I need to talk to you about something.” He takes me by surprise with the seriousness of his tone.
“You’re not marrying her yet, are you?” I ask.
“Bugger off – I know we moved in together fast but seriously – fucking hell. Are you trying to give a guy a heart attack?”
“Nah, sorry man,” I smirk at him. “Just checking.”
He’s laughing too, but his face turns serious.
“It’s about your dad.”
His words catch my attention, “what about my dad?”
“I found out recently that your dad and my mum…”
Where the fuck is he going with this?
“They had an affair.”
“What the fuck?” My voice comes out angrier than I intend. “That’s absolute bollocks. Who told you?”
He’s wrong. My dad would never do that to his friend. There’s just no way.
“My mum.” My shoulders slump.
What reason would his mother have to lie? Why would she damage her own reputation with such a horrid story unless it was true?
“How?” I ask, but it doesn’t ask everything I want it to ask, so I continue, “Why? When?” If I keep opening my mouth, the questions will continue.
“It’s a long story.”
“We’ve got all night, and then I’m going to get bladdered.”
“Apparently, it started when we were six.”
His words are cautious as if he is scared how I might react.
“What?”
He’s right to be worried. I’m on my feet and pacing the room.
“Mum had depression after I was born and they used to talk; have coffee together.”
“Right. When did that lead to them fucking around behind your dad’s back?”
“A year after I was born dad went away on business, and so mum invited your dad around for dinner. She kissed him. They’d drunk too much. But your dad stopped the kiss. Said they couldn’t.”
“Too right, they fucking couldn’t!”
I’m furious, although I’m not sure who I should direct my anger at.
“He was meant to be friends with Alistair; business partners.”
“They stopped the coffees, kept their distance for about a year. Apparently, they remained just friends, for years; then my mum miscarried, and my dad was in the city, and so she called your dad.”
“Shit.”
Anyone with half a heart would pity Mrs Peters.
“Yeah.” His words are hard. “He comforted her, and they kissed again, and this time they didn’t pull back. It went on for a long time – years. My dad found out two years ago, and that’s when it stopped.”
I can’t believe it! I won’t.
“They had an affair for the best part of twenty years?” I ask because it just doesn’t make sense, except it does.
It explains why my father never dated. Why he never remarried after the death of my mother. I had always thought it was because no one would ever replace her and yet it seems someone already had.
“That’s not everything,” he tells me, and I can’t imagine it could get much worse.
“What the fuck else could there be?”
“Ayden isn’t my dad’s son.”
“Holy shit!” I’ve heard too much. I stop pacing and glare at Landon. “You’ve got to be fucking kidding me?” I growl.
“I’m really sorry.”
“Why are you sorry?” I ask.
It’s not his fault.
“You’re not the one who couldn’t keep your fucking dick in your bloody trousers.”
He doesn’t reply, and I can’t blame him. What can he say?
“I need to go talk to my Dad.”
I make my way towards the door before turning back as reality hits me. I have a brother.
“Is Ayden okay?”
“Yeah.”
“I have a fucking brother,” I laugh bitterly.
I’m out the door before he can reply. I don’t know what to do.
I’m in my car about to turn the key in the ignition when my shoulders sag, and the anger inside me deflates. I’m at a complete loss.
I don’t know what to do.
Do I go and confront my father? Do I go home and get completely wasted? Do I go to her, beg her for forgiveness, and seek solace in her arms?
I don’t know.
None of the options before me sounds like they will be productive right now. She won’t see me even if I beg her, my father and I will fight if I confront him and a bottle of booze won’t help. I choose the bottle and drive towards my home. It’s the only option that makes any sense – although not much – at all right now.


CHAPTER ELEVEN
Tallulah
Weak. Stupid. Foolish girl.
I should never have started this one. I should have avoided him. I cared for him too easily. Even now I’m lost running away from the man I think I might love.
SHIT! I can’t love him. I won’t.
My body aches for his touch, and my heart longs for his words. I cannot win. If I had met him just three months ago, everything would be different. I would be different. Except it’s not. I’m me.
The girl who let… the girl who let her boyfriend… I’m the girl who let a man break her.
I won’t do it again.
I get an Uber back to the apartment. The boys are around, but I manage to avoid them by darting straight into my room. I message Aurora to check she is okay.
She had a shit storm of bad happen yesterday, and as lost in my own problems as I feel right now, I still want to know she is okay.
***
I spend the next few days avoiding Jarrod. I don’t go to Thorpe’s on Monday or Tuesday. I want to but I can’t. I’m too scared. Scared that I might actually care too much. Wednesday comes, and I’ve ignored all his calls even though I don’t really want to. The problem is I can’t tell him why I screamed. I can’t tell him why I hurt him.
I can’t. I’m close to tears. I must not break.
I can’t stop picturing him on top of me doing exactly what… doing exactly what I let Rick do.
Foolish.
Stupid.
Idiot girl.
I made him make that damn promise knowing full well that he could never keep it, knowing full well I’d already lost any chance of keeping my heart. My heart may well have been lost the first day I walked into Thorpe’s.
I’m lying in my bed late on Wednesday night when he calls again. This time I give in to temptation and answer it. I don’t speak. I can’t. My mouth won’t open. Instead, I listen.
“Tallulah?” His voice is harsh, a combination of anger and drink. He’s drunk.
I want to answer him, but I can’t.
“Sweetheart?” He tries again.
I open my mouth, but words don’t come out. Instead, tears are falling down my cheeks.
“I’m sorry,” he tells me. “I’m sorry I scared you.”
I want to tell him that he didn’t. I want to tell him it isn’t his fault, that it is my fault, but I can’t. Then I would have to tell him the truth, the reason behind my fear.
I can’t. I can’t show him that part of me. I don’t want him to know just how broken I am.
“I’m sorry I hurt you,” he continues. “I promised you…”
His voice is dejected, and I’m scared because I don’t know what promise he means. He’s made so many.
“I won’t break a single promise I’ve made you.” His words bring a sigh of relief mixed with sadness. “I’ll always be with you,” he promises again, “and as long as you ask it of me, I will not let you love me.”
“What if I already do?” I ask so quietly I doubt he will hear.
If he is surprised by my response he doesn’t sound it. “Then I will love you back.”
“You can’t.”
“I do.”
“You won’t,” I whimper.
“I will.” His words are firm. I have no response. “I always will.”
“I’ve missed you,” I whisper into the phone, silently berating myself for my weak heart.
“I’ve missed you too,” he tells me back. “I’ve needed you.”
His weakness surprises me, and I can’t believe it.
“No, you didn’t. You can’t have.”
“I did. I always need you but especially today. I needed you.”
His words are not unkind. He’s not blaming me. He’s not angry. He’s just telling me the truth.
“I still need you.”
“Why?” I whisper.
“Because I love you and because today was a horrible day.”
I don’t know what to respond to most. His confession of love or his admittance that he is hurting. He exposes himself to me so easily. I can’t understand how he does it. How he trusts me not to hurt him. Perhaps it is because he is so much less frail than I am. Or because he’s strong enough that nothing could truly hurt him. Or just strong enough that I could never hurt him.
I make a choice, a choice to put his needs before my own.
“What happened?”
“I found out my father is a cheating bastard.”
His words drip with hate and anger, and they taint the air around me.
This is not the Jarrod I know. The Jarrod I know is sweet and kind. He’s gentle and funny.
This man is angry and bitter and perhaps a little bit broken just like me.
“Turns out I have a bastard brother too,” he says without humour.
“I’m sorry,” I tell him gently, wishing that I could offer some comfort, but I can’t. I have nothing to offer him. I can’t even hold him without screaming at him. I’m a broken fool who has no business trying to fix someone else.
“It’s okay lovely sweetheart,” he husks out. “I’ll let it go. By morning, I’ll be reasonable again.”
“You don’t have to be.”
“It’s the right thing to do,” he replies. “I can’t hate my father.”
“No. I don’t suppose you can.”
“No,” he sighs. “If I hang up the phone tonight… will you answer it again tomorrow?”
His question stumps me.
“I don’t know.” I’m honest. I might love the man, but I’m still scared. Terrified.
“I’ll never hurt you, lovely.” His promise is harsh, and I hear truth in his words. His intent is true, but it is a promise that can’t be kept.
“You can’t promise that.”
“Okay. True. I might hurt you, but I’ll never mean to. Never want to.”
“But I’m scared,” I tell him because I want him to understand but I can’t tell him.
“I know… I can see that,” he speaks quietly – the slurring tone of drunkenness long gone – he’s serious and one hundred percent sincere. “Perhaps with a little time?”
“Maybe.”
We can hope.
***
I don’t know what the fuck I’m supposed to be doing. I need Aurora, but she’s an ocean away. I need to say the words but I can’t. I don’t know how to tell them. Aurora. Cameron. My brother, Nathan. Jarrod. I don’t know how to tell him.
I don’t know how to say the word. R… I can’t even say the word in my head.
How will I ever tell him? Tell him that I am broken beyond repair?
That my body is tainted by another man’s touch.
“I was raped,” I say it out loud to the empty room for the first time.
“I was raped,” I say it louder this time.
“I was raped,” I shout out before crumpling down onto the ground in tears.
I’m surprised when arms surround me moments later. They’re firm and comforting. They are familiar.
“Shh Lou.”
Cameron is gentle with me, protective like a brother. He lifts me into his arms before putting me into my bed. He sits there with me allowing me to cling to him.
“It’s okay, Tallulah.”
His hand brushes through my hair soothingly. I don’t flinch. I’m not afraid of him. Yet I’m terrified of Jarrod, and I don’t know why. Jarrod has never hurt me. Just like Cam has never hurt me. The difference is that Jarrod could if I let him.
“Just rest, Lou Lou.”
I don’t know how to rest. How to turn my brain off. How to stop my thoughts.
“Close your eyes and rest. I’m here. I won’t leave you. I’ll protect you.”
His words are exactly what I need to hear, but I want Jarrod to be the one saying them. I want him to be holding me. But it is safer this way. I won’t go back. I won’t go back to Thorpe’s.
Love him I might but trust him I can’t. Not now. Perhaps never.
“I was raped,” I force myself to say aloud again, forcing myself to admit my brokenness.
“I know,” Cameron replies gently.
“You won’t tell anyone?” I beg him, shamefully.
I don’t want my friends to see my weakness. I don’t want them to know that I let a man rape me, use me, break me.
I’m supposed to be strong. I’m supposed to be bubbly and happy.
All that was ruined by one man’s hands on my skin and his dick inside my cunt, tainting every part of me, claiming it without my consent. My skin might not hold bruises any longer, but I still feel them as if they burn.
“If that’s what you want, Lou,” Cameron tells me.
I nod my head before closing my eyes.
***
I don’t sleep. I can’t. But I rest as good as I can.
Cameron doesn’t leave my side. He stays with me all night.
When morning comes, he is still here. What had been soothing and cathartic last night now feels smothering. I escape his clutches and pull away. I can’t face him. He’s one of my best friends, and I’ve told him a secret I’d swore not to share. I make a quick dash for the bathroom, clean my teeth and dress in jeans and a top as quickly as I can without waking my friend.
I need to leave.
My phone rings just as I close the door to the flat behind myself. It’s Jarrod. I don’t answer him. I want to but I can’t. I consider going to Thorpe’s but again I can’t. Instead, I call my brother. It’s time to own up to my choices.
“Nathan,” I say when I hear his voice on the line.
“Finally thought to call your big brother?” He sounds half pissed, half amused.
“I… I’m sorry,” I tell him shamefully. “I should have called sooner.”
“It’s okay. Tell me what’s up.”
His voice is patient and calm. He’s not angry. My brother is my mother and father rolled into one. He’s my defender and my encourager. He’s my family and I owe him my life. He’s raised me from the little nine-year-old broken girl that our parents left behind when they died.
“I… I didn’t know how.”
“You can tell me anything,” he says gently.
“I’ve left school.” If I’m not careful I’ll ramble and then we’ll get nowhere. “I… left.”
“I know,” he replies with a sigh.
“You know?” I’m surprised.
Why hasn’t he been checking up on me if he already knows?
“I was waiting for you to call.”
“You were waiting?”
“It’s always better to let you come to me, yourself. You’d talk to me eventually. Your school called when you didn’t show up for a week. They were concerned.”
“Oh…”
“So?” he presses me softly.
“I left…”
I still don’t know how to tell him. How do you tell your brother that a boy, a man, someone you thought you could trust touched you when you said no, fucked you when you screamed for him to stop, and hit you when you tried to push him off? There is no way this conversation will end well.
“I couldn’t stay.”
“Why?” he asks.
“I was hurt. I…” The volume of my voice drops. “I was raped.”
I’m surprised when my brother does not immediately respond. He’s quiet for several minutes. I count the seconds until they turn to minutes.
“Shit,” is his only response when he finally speaks and then silence drops between us once again.
After a moment or two, I open my mouth to speak but I cannot bring myself to talk.
“Are you okay?”
His voice is more gentle than I’ve ever heard it.
“I will be.”
“With time.” He finishes my sentence for me. It was the same sentence we used to say when we were kids and our parents were gone. “Who?”
“Nathan, it doesn’t matter.”
“It matters to me.” His tone is no longer gentle. He’s looking for a fight. If I tell him about Rick, he’ll destroy him, completely ruin him until he thinks Rick has paid enough, if ever.
“There is nothing to be done.”

CHAPTER TWELVE 
Tallulah
Telling my brother was easier than I’d expected it to be. Several days have past and I’m now sat in my bed wondering if I should try and tell Jarrod too.
I can’t tell Jarrod.
What if he doesn’t want me, when he knows? 
What if he thinks I’m too broken?
Too damaged? Too tainted?
He won’t want me when he knows what Rick did. Who would?
I can’t tell him.
My phone beeps.
Hello Sweetheart, I miss you. You’ve not been to the restaurant. X
I don’t know how to reply. I don’t know what to tell him.
If I can’t tell him what happened, how can I ever let him in?
If I can’t let him touch me, how can I ever be in a relationship with him? 
I consider not replying at all, except I really don’t want to do that. That is the last thing I want. I want him, except I can’t have him.
Hi. Sorry. I’ve had a lot going on. X
It’s an excuse. A terrible, almost unbelievable one at that.
Fancy lunch tomorrow? X
I want to but I can’t. I need to walk away. I need to leave this before I’m too invested.
Can’t tomorrow. Sorry. X
I don’t even give him a valid reason. A good excuse. Just a refusal. My heart clenches as I realise that I’m hurting both of us.
His reply surprises me.
I’m going away for a week. You can go to Thorpe’s as much as you like without worrying about seeing me. I know that’s what’s holding you back. X
Shit.
He’s right, of course, but that isn’t the point. I don’t want him to think I don’t want him. I want him more than anything else, but I can’t have him.
I don’t reply. I want to but I have no words that can make this better.
***
I ignore the pings of my phone over the next few days as I try to make a decision about my future.
Jarrod is away. I don’t know where, but I know he’s not here. I haven’t gone to Thorpe’s though.
I couldn’t face it without him.
I want him there with me. It’s not my sanctuary without him there. He is my sanctuary, not Thorpe’s. Thorpe’s is just a building, Jarrod was what made me feel safe there.
It’s Christmas Eve.
Tomorrow I’ll be going over to my brother’s for Christmas dinner but tonight I’m going to stay home.
Cam and Theo are planning on a night out on the town. They’ve asked me to join them, but I don’t think I can face it.
I’m just going to sit in and watch Christmas movies.
The guys check in on me several times before they leave. They try again to talk me into going out with them. It isn’t until they are about to go that I turn on the news and there is my best friend’s face staring back at me.
The lads are calling from the doorway, “see you later, Lou.”
I shout out to them, demanding they come back.
“Theo! Cameron!”
They don’t rush. They probably think I’ve spotted a spider. I haven’t. My best friend has been in a plane crash.
“Fuck!” Cameron says as he takes a seat next to me.
***
It’s been hours and we haven’t heard anything.
I’ve tried calling Landon but he’s not answering his phone. Neither is Aurora’s mother or sister.
Shit. Fuck. Bloody hell.
Here I was feeling sorry for myself and all the while my best friend’s life was in danger.
I want to call Jarrod, but I can’t bring myself to do it. I want his comfort. I want his arms around me. Except he’s not here. He’s gone away. I’d beg him to come home if I thought it would achieve anything.
But why would he come back? Just so he can hold my hand while I fear for my friend’s life?
He’s a good guy but I’m not his girlfriend. I’m just a girl who refuses to date him. A girl who refuses to love him. He doesn’t owe me anything and I definitely can’t ask him for anything. So, instead, I hold myself as I wait for the news that Aurora is okay.
Word comes to us in the early hours that she is okay. Theo and Cam haven’t left my side for a second. We’ve sat in front of the TV all night. I fell asleep shortly after four o’clock with my head on Cameron’s shoulder.
***
Weeks pass, one after another. I visit Aurora regularly. She’s not attending Uni because she has a broken shoulder so she’s stuck in her apartment, bored most days.
I’ve finally transferred my course and my classes start in about two weeks. I’m working hard to put my life in order.
Jarrod has tried contacting me more times than I can count and yet I’ve ignored him. I’m lost without him, but I can’t tell him, I can’t expose the darkness I feel to him, because he’ll never want me then.
“Jarrod asked after you the other day,” Aurora says from where she is sat on her bed, reading a magazine. “I didn’t realise you two were friends.”
“Friends?”
“Yes. He said you were.”
“Oh, yes. We’ve spent a bit of time together.”
I don’t want to have to explain myself.
“He likes you, you know?”
Aurora’s watching me closely for any reaction.
I keep a firm hold on my emotions as I try to think up a response.
“I… we’re just friends.”
“Just friends?”
“Yes.”
I hope that she will drop it.
“He sounded worried about you.”
“He doesn’t need to worry.”
“Perhaps but apparently you haven’t messaged him back in weeks. That got me thinking… you still haven’t told me why you moved home.”
“Aurora,” I sigh, “I don’t want to talk about it.”
“I know… just promise me you’ll talk to someone…”
“I… I talked to Cameron,” I tell her.
“Oh.” She’s surprised. It’s not normal for me to go to Cameron instead of her. “Well, that is good.”
I think she’s pissed. She’s probably wondering if she’s done something wrong. Wondering if there’s a reason I didn’t talk to her first. She’d expect me to come to her. Except I wouldn’t have gone to anyone.
If Cameron hadn’t walked in on me, I’d never have told him.
He’d caught me vulnerable and everything had come out. I’d not wanted to share. Hell, I’d have taken it to my grave if I could have.
But every day I kept it secret, my heart had grown heavier, more tired. Finally saying the word aloud had be cathartic. I’d known it would be but even though I knew it would bring relief, I hadn’t been able to bring the word to my lips.
Even now, the idea of telling Aurora is more than I can face. I don’t want her pity or concern. I don’t want her to think I’m weak.
I’m not weak. I’m just broken.
She’d probably try to fix me, make me better, but I don’t think it’s possible and even if it is, it’s not something she can do.
***
The next time I see Jarrod, we’re both at Aurora and Landon’s engagement party. It’s cold out. Jarrod doesn’t approach me. I feel his eyes on me though. I barely keep my eyes off him.
I watch as he talks to the countless women at the party. They clearly enjoy chatting him up. They touch his arm, back, heck a couple of them even touch his arse.
I’m fuming. Livid.
I want to shout and rave at him. I want to tell him that he is mine. I want to claim him. I want to tell him that I don’t want him flirting with pretty girls. But I have no right to him.
I wrap my coat around my shoulders and leave the bar without speaking to anyone, but I’m stopped half way down the road by someone pulling on my arm.
“Tallulah, stop.”
His voice is heaven to hear. Or at least it would be if heaven could hurt you. His voice brings both pleasure and pain to my heart.
“I have to go.” My voice is cold as I try to push him off.
“Give me ten minutes,” he asks.
“I can’t.”
“You can.”
“Jarrod, you promised me… You broke your promise.”
“I’m sorry,” he says, his hand running down my arm.
“Jarrod, I need to go.”
“I bloody well love you,” he tells me softly. “I know you are scared. I know you’re angry. I know you are hurt. But I fucking love you.”
“You won’t love me when you know.”
“There’s nothing you can tell me that will stop me loving you.”
“You think that now. Jarrod, I really can’t stay.”
“Okay,” he says. “I’ll let you go. I just want you to know that I want you and I always will. When you’re ready, you know where to find me.”
He walks away then, back to the party.
I’m left there, watching him walk away from me.
“I love you,” I whisper after him.

To Be Continued In
Entangled Intimacy


Preview of Entangled Intimacy

What are you supposed to do when everything inside of you cringes away from the one you love? When one touch is enough to make you scream? One kiss enough to make you run?
Jarrod Thorpe promises to wait for her.
It's everything she'd normally want to hear but now... it's too much and everything inside her tells her to run for the hills.
Finally, she's told her friends about what happened in Brighton but she can't face the idea of telling Jarrod. What if he doesn't love her anymore? What if he gives her the same look everyone else is giving her?
What if he pities her? She just can't face it.
Entangled Intimacy is the second book in the Intimacy series and continues where Damaged Intimacy left off…

CHAPTER ONE
Jarrod
Six months.
That’s how long Tallulah Conway has been in my life and as of yet, she’s refused to let me love her.
But I haven’t given up.
I met her on the fourth of November and for months we seemed to dance on a tightrope, not quite in a relationship but certainly not friends. She was damaged, fragile, broken… from what I couldn’t say but I had a feeling it had something to do with her ex-boyfriend.
Rich Roderick.
She hadn’t told me anything, but I’d read between the lines and had been almost certain something bad must have happened.
I’d promised her that I would wait for her. I loved her even if she didn’t want to love me.
I had watched her fight with herself as she tried desperately to hold back her own emotions. It had been horrible to witness, and it had practically destroyed me when she ran away from me, fear etched across her face.
Being with her was scary, every action felt risky, as if that one move could be the one that would cause me to lose her completely.
I’d hoped that things would improve between us after we both attended our friends Aurora and Landon’s engagement party at the beginning of January, but it hadn’t.
She’d been at the centre of my every thought for months, but she’d tried her very best to forget my existence. What had started with her sitting in my restaurant drawing the people that walked past the window had quickly eroded into nothingness.
We didn’t see much of each other throughout the month that followed. Whenever I heard the door open at Thorpe’s I’d look up to check if it was her, but it never was.
I’d heard from Landon that she was back at Uni and seemed happy enough. Landon and Aurora occasionally passed me titbits of information about her life, but it wasn’t enough
 Being on the outside, looking in was killing me.
I’d long since accepted that I loved her and that love instead of making my life light and carefree was a weight around my neck because the woman I loved wouldn’t let me in.
By February, I was on edge as I anxiously waited for her to come back into my life. I frequently considered how I could barge into her world, but I knew that I couldn’t actually do it. I’d made her about a million promises and I wouldn’t break them.
Not even one of them.
Not even the one I hated most.
She’d made me promise not to let her fall in love with me. That had been the worst promise I’d ever made in the whole of my lifetime. I had already been fully in love with her and couldn’t imagine a world where she wasn’t in my arms when I made that promise.
She’d never promised me anything.
She’d never made me believe there was more between us than there actually was. She’d been honest from the start and perhaps I shouldn’t have pushed it.
Except, I’d tried hard not to push.
I’d tried to keep my distance. I’d treated her the way I would treat a bird with a broken wing, as if she was the most fragile thing in the world, as if one touch could ruin her.
I’d been careful to protect her, but I’d failed to protect my own heart.
I was more distracted than I should have been. My focus was off. She was all I could think about.
I either needed her next to me or I needed to try and forget about her. Things were getting unmanageable.
I needed to sort my shit out.
I was in the middle of launching a new restaurant and I was beginning to piss Jack off with my inability to make any logical decisions.
Midway through February our friends took pity on me and invited us both over for dinner. Landon and Aurora were preparing for their upcoming wedding and wanted to discuss the details with us both.
I’d been anxious as I grabbed a bottle of Malbec and a cheesecake from the supermarket before heading around to their apartment.
I’d almost changed my clothes several times, as I’d wanted to make a good impression. Except I knew that she wouldn’t be impressed by anything I might wear. This was a girl who wrapped herself up in multiple scarves during winter.
She wasn’t like the other girls I’d known. 

Two And A Half Months Ago…
I ring the doorbell and wait patiently.
My foot is tapping on the floor as I consider what will be waiting for me inside the apartment.
I can’t wait to see her.
 I’ve not seen her in about six weeks. It’s been excruciating, waiting for a phone call or text that might never come.
When Landon opens the door, I can hear her laughter. It’s completely unique and it calls to me.
“Alright?”
Landon gives me a bear hug as he lets me into the apartment.
“Not bad.”
I grin at him.
Landon is one of my best friends. He’s also the half-brother of my half-brother, something we only recently learnt and that I’m still trying to come to terms with. It hasn’t affected our friendship at all fortunately. We’re still as easy going as ever.
Landon leads me into the kitchen, where Aurora and Tallulah are sat at the breakfast bar. I kiss Aurora on the cheek and present the bottle of wine and cheesecake to her.
“Oh Jarrod! I love cheesecake!” Aurora practically squeals.
“Glad to hear it.”
I smirk at my best friend’s future wife. She’s perfect for him. It seems strange to say it because Landon has never been one for relationships, but with Aurora he is completely different.
I turn to Tallulah but I’m not at all sure how to greet her.
Should I kiss her cheek? Should I give her a wave? What is the etiquette when greeting the woman you love when she doesn’t want to care about you?
It’s not that she doesn’t love me.
She does.
She’s told me as much.
She loves me but doesn’t want to. She’s scared. Scared of what I don’t know. Scared of me?
I lean across and take the risk, kissing her on the cheek.
“Hi Tallulah.”
That’s all I say before I pull back and divert my gaze to the others in the room.
“Hi.” Her voice is quiet, but I hear it.
“So, what’s for dinner?” I ask cheekily.
Aurora laughs merrily.
“We’re having roast duck.”
“Nice. I love duck. Who did the cooking?” I smirk at Landon. “Better not be Landon; I don’t want to be sick tomorrow.”
“Ha ha.” Landon grimaces at me. “I can cook pretty well, you know.”
“Yeah yeah…” I tease him.
Anything to keep myself distracted from the tension that surrounds me whenever I’m where Tallulah is.  There’s electricity in the air between us but I try to ignore it.
I glance at her every chance I get, checking that she has gained weight, that she’s looking less tired…
The black marks that were under her eyes when I first met her are now almost completely gone. She’s gained at least four pounds and her body has lost that half-starved look that it had once had.
Her smile is less sad, although her eyes still seem to be tainted by whatever is in her past that she doesn’t want to share with me.
I can’t help but wonder if she has finally told her friends about what happened in Brighton. I hope she has told someone. It doesn’t have to be me, so long as she’s told someone.
Aurora sends me and Tallulah through to the dining room, telling us that dinner is almost ready.
Walking through to the next room, it’s awkward.
It’s strange feeling this uncomfortable with the person you feel most at home with. She takes a seat at the table.
“How is Thorpe’s?”
“Good. I’ve not been there too much recently. We’re set to open The Conquering Nomad next month.”
“Wow, so soon?”
She looks genuinely impressed. We’d discussed it back when she’d been my friend.
Been my friend… That thought tugs at my heart and leaves me feeling a little darker than before.
“That’s really awesome.”
“You should come to the launch,” I tell her.
I’d ask her to be my date, but I doubt she’d accept.
“I’d like that.”
Her smile is addictive. She’s beautiful. Her golden hair is down, curling gently as it falls down her back. She’s wearing a grey jumper and a pair of jeans. She looks casual, comfortable in her own skin, but I can tell from the way she is holding herself that she’s as on edge as I am.
I don’t know if anyone else would be able to tell but I definitely can. 
Read Entangled Intimacy now!

Preview of Inescapable Fate

When Georgia Kentley breaks up with her long-term boyfriend Darren over Christmas, she really can't wait to return to work on the 27th of December.
The excitement dies when she meets her new boss, Walker Trent. DCI Trent is a misogynistic pain in the arse. Being a young police officer, Georgia has met her fair share of men who don't understand that she can hold her own. Every single time she has proven them wrong.
Will she be able to prove to Walker Trent just how capable she is or will she get herself into a heap of trouble, danger and chaos?
And when chaos ensues who will be there to save her?
Inescapable Fate is the first book in the Fate series.

CHAPTER ONE
Georgia
Worst bloody Christmas of my life!
I had never thought I’d be so grateful to get back to work on the 27th of December. We’d been sat there at the dinner table, enjoying what should have been a fantastic dinner with the people we love and he had to go and ruin it all.
His mum had asked a simple question, one my mother was itching to ask too. A question I had hoped they’d leave off for at least another six months but when I heard it, I thought we’d behave like grown-ups and answer it reasonably.
What I didn’t expect was for him to have said what he did.
I was just as shocked as everyone else at the table, at a complete loss for how to respond.
“So, when will you be getting married then?” his mum had asked in a teasing tone as she elbowed him gently.
I’d laughed slightly and gone to answer the question myself. We’ve not thought about it, was on the top of my tongue, it was the truth after all.
Even if we’d been together since high school, we’d never once considered getting married. We had been friends before we started dating. We’d been dating for five years; ever since our last year at secondary school and before that, we’d been friends for over ten years.
There were so many things to discuss before we could agree to spending the rest of our lives together, like if we wanted kids and how many.
We’d never once discussed the future, and part of me believed it was because we both knew that we were just passing time until something or someone better came along.
It wasn’t that I didn’t love him, I did.
I loved him more than almost anyone else, but it wasn’t the way I imagined being in love. Something was missing and over the years, I’d convinced myself that that was okay, that eventually, we might find that missing component.
Darren had apparently disagreed though because this Christmas he dumped me.
“We won’t be getting married,” Darren told me and our families in tandem. His eyes were glued to the table in front of him as he continued, “actually I’ve decided we need to break up.”
I wasn’t upset at the prospect of breaking up, not really.
It had felt inevitable.
I was downright pissed that he’d taken it upon himself to make the decision, not including me at all. What was worse was that he’d decided to tell our parents without my consent and on fucking Christmas Day of all days.
“What do you mean?
My father had jumped to his feet, prepared perhaps to defend his little girl.
“We’ve grown apart and there’s no point in continuing this farce.”
His tone was cold and unfeeling. It had left my heart like ice, stuck in shock, unable to speak. He’d never spoken to me like that before, with such disregard for my feelings.
It simply didn’t compute with everything that I knew about him. The person I loved, my best friend, would never do this.
He could have at least shown me some kindness, the kindness you’d show a friend.
“Why are you doing this now?”
My father was furious and I couldn’t really blame him. I wasn’t exactly happy myself.
In a much quieter voice than my father’s, I asked, “why didn’t you discuss this with me before bringing it to our families?”
Or the first time since his mother brought up marriage, he looked at me.
“I didn’t think you’d let me go.”
“Let you go? I’m not holding you hostage,” the pitch of my voice increasing as I spoke.
“I… I didn’t mean it like that.”
“Then what did you mean?” I asked sharply.
My mother dropped her hand to my shoulder and suggested everyone leave us to discuss the situation but just as everyone got up from the table and began to make their way through to the living room, Darren abruptly told them it wasn’t necessary and that he was leaving.
“It’s not as simple as that,” I told him as he gathered his things together. “What about the flat?”
“You can keep it. I don’t want it.”
“What?” I was astounded by his complete lack of feeling. “Where will you stay?”
“I’ll find somewhere.”
“What about your belongings?”
“I’ll ask mum and dad to collect them in the New Year.”
“Why didn’t you talk to me about this?”
I tried to touch his arm, but he flinched away from me as if burnt.
“There was never a right time.”
“There’s no such thing as the right time… As a friend, as your best friend, as someone you’ve known almost your whole life, I deserved to be told properly.”
“I can’t give you what you want.”
“I don’t know what you think I want.”
“Forever.”
“I never asked for that.”
“You didn’t need to, Georgia.”
With those words, he was out the door and I was left to deal with the aftermath. I had to apologise to our families for destroying Christmas, listen to his parents’ apologies, bear through all the absolute crap excuses that our siblings tried to make for him, and attempt to pacify my father’s anger.
Worst Christmas of my life and it was all thanks to Darren Jacks. Thank fuck for being back at work is all I can say!
I’m now standing inside the Detective Chief Inspector’s office with the other Detective Sergeants and Inspectors. Not really sure why we’re waiting here, I twiddle my thumbs, while the boys gossip about their holidays.
Whoever told you guys don’t gossip was lying.
The only difference between men and women is that women gossip about other people while men gossip about themselves.
I’m the youngest Detective Sergeant here and the only girl, but the boys always make me feel welcome. They get a tad overprotective occasionally while other times they seem to completely forget that I’m a girl altogether.
“What about you, Kentley?” John, the oldest of the Detective Inspectors, asks me.
He’s a balding man in his forties, a little tubby round the middle and without a doubt the father of our little family.
“Not much. Just spent it with the family,” I reply with as much indifference as I can possibly muster.
“Didn’t get a ring then?” Alvin, a hotter than hell, yet unfortunately gay DS asks.
“Not unless you’re offering.”
I wink at the six-foot-two black man.
“Sorry lovely,” he smirks, “you’re just not my type.”
We all laugh good-humouredly.
“Any idea why we’re here?” I ask after a moment.
“Impatient as ever, DS Kentley,” a sarcastic voice from the door answers.
“You know me well, Sir.”
I grin as my eyes meet the eyes of my father, Detective Chief Superintendent Kentley.
I know what you’re thinking.
You’re wondering if the reason I’ve already made DS at the ripe old age of twenty-three is that my dad just so happens to be the DCS and I honestly don’t know the answer. I know that when I joined the force, I begged my dad not to use his influence when it came to my career and I’ve always given him the benefit of the doubt. If he’s betrayed that promise, well then, I don’t think he’s the dad I think he is.
He’s always treated me just like the rest of the boys.
When I first started out as a Police Constable, I never saw him and when I did, he acted as if he didn’t know me at all. It was just how I wanted it to be.
The rest of the force hadn’t known he was my father – at that time the only people who knew were the girls in HR.
That had changed the night I got stabbed on the job. I’d been held hostage and that was the first time my dad had failed to do his job.
He’d had to ask his deputy to step in for him. He knew right there and then that his fatherly instinct to protect me would put the rest of the mission in jeopardy and worse could risk other people’s lives.
After that, he tried to swap me with paperwork to keep me out of the field and it wasn’t until John, the father of the precinct spoke to him that he finally relented.
Good old John.
It had always amazed me that even his superiors showed him so much deference.
“I’ve got something to share with you all,” he continues as he makes his way into the room.
My eyes aren’t on him though. They are on the man following after him. He has a dark stubbly beard that just begs to be touched. His eyes are a coppery hazel and his hair is pretty short, but not so short you’d think he was a thug.
He’s wearing a suite, but his jacket is currently in his hand, allowing me to see the muscles that he’s hiding underneath his shirt.
He’s built.
Just one look and my mind clouds over with lust.
“DCI Collins has been transferred to Surrey Police. He wants to be closer to his family.”
That’s not exactly news. His wife just had a baby in September and all he has been able to talk about for months is baby Jessica’s feeds, nappies, cries… apparently he can differentiate between her cries. As I’m not a parent, I can’t tell if he’s being an idiot or if it’s a real thing, but I have had to bite my tongue more times than I can count to stop myself from telling him to ‘get a grip’.
The boys all just nod their heads, they’re not surprised either, and I notice the little grins that tell me that they are just as relieved as I am.
“His replacement starts this morning. Let me introduce you to Detective Chief Inspector Trent.”
Everyone quickly mumbles a “good day, sir,” by way of greeting.
DCI Trent looks to be in his mid-twenties. He can’t be that much older than me. It’s hard not to be impressed. He must have worked damn hard to become DCI already.
“Hello everyone,” he says in a commanding voice; quiet and controlled. “I’m looking forward to working with you all.”
He looks at us all briefly before returning his attention to my dad.
Dad grins and smacks him on the back.
“I know you’ll do great, Trent,” and with that, he leaves the room.
John cuts the silence that’s left. “Good to have back, Sir.”
“It feels strange having you call me sir, John.”
His smirk is contagious.
“Aye, it’s been a while since you were chasing me around,” John replies. “I remember when you were just a PC. Best recommendation for Detective Sergeant I ever made…”
He then glances my way and gives me a wink.
“Well, joint best.”
“Joint?” DCI looks surprised. “Don’t tell me my brilliance has been surpassed.”
“Not surpassed,” John chuckles, “but definitely matched.”
Trent’s eyes follow John’s until they land on me.
“Detective Sergeant…?”
“Kentley, Sir.” I nod my head.
He doesn’t respond. Instead, he turns back to John.
“She doesn’t look that impressive,” he says in a hushed tone, causing everyone to huff with hidden laughter. I begin to blush in that way that only girls seem to do.
“Impressive?” John tuts. “It’s not about how she looks; it’s about how she thinks.”
I bow my head at his acknowledgment, quietly touched.
Trent doesn’t react.
“Very well. Enough time wasted. We should do some work. I’ve got some catching up to do. I’ve looked over all our cases but what I really need to do is get to know you all. I’ll be spending the next few weeks working closely with all of you. Let’s get at it.”
“Yes, Sir.” The boys nod their heads affably.
I can almost hear their thoughts that Trent is definitely an improvement on Collins, but anything would be an improvement on Collins.
“Right, someone go get some coffees and let’s meet next door in ten minutes for the briefing,” Trent says as we begin to amble out of his office.
DI Jackson is the first to comment when we get to our cubicles. “DCI seems alright.”
“He’s fit as, too.” Alvin chuckles.
“Definitely better than Collins,” DS Milton says, completely ignoring Alvin.
“That doesn’t say much, Milton. A monkey would be better than Collins,” I butt in.
The guys all laugh in response.
“It’s a crazy day when the woman of the group has a problem with a dad that cares about his kid” Milton laughs.
“Cares? It was alright for you lot. I got all the details. He presumed that because I’m a girl, I’d give a shit that his baby waved at him or had a nappy rash.”
“You never know, kid, you might end up just like that when you and Darren have your own wee, little monster.” John smiles kindly at me.
“Eh…” With those words, my happiness at escaping the Christmas From Hell is all gone. “We broke up.”
“You broke up?”
The boys are now all staring at me like I’ve grown a new head.
“Yeah.”
“Over Christmas?”
“Who breaks up at Christmas?”
“I thought you two would get married, have kids, all that shit.”
Their voices are all a jumbled mess in the air in front of me.
“It’s no big deal. I’m good.”
“You’re good?”
“Are you insane?”
“What’s wrong with you?”
Again, with the bombardment of questions.
“We broke up. That’s it. It’s over. Nothing else to say.”
They all go to speak again but John quiets them all down with a single look.
“What did your Pa say?”
“What do you think he said? He threatened to get the firearm squad on him.”
That got the boys laughing but it left me feeling a little hollow. I’d never thought my dad would have reason to get that angry with Darren. Break up or not, I hadn’t seen it happening the way it did.
“Well, best thing you can do is put your effort into your work,” John says, “and if your dad needs back up, I’m here.”
“I’m pretty sure my dad could take him,” I wink at him, “but I’m hoping we can all just put it behind us.”
It’s then that I notice that Trent has joined us, although I’m not sure when and so there is a good chance he has probably heard all about my breakup. Fuck.
“Where’s the coffee?” Trent asks gruffly.
His eyes on me, I can’t help but wonder if he’s asking me about the coffee because I’m a girl or if he’s watching me because he heard our conversation.
Either way, I’m not happy about it.
Read Inescapable Fate now!

THANK YOU!
Thank you for purchasing and reading my book. It means the world to me and I sincerely hope you loved it. If you enjoyed it, please remember to write a review and let me know.
You can find more information about my upcoming books on my website, www.hanleighbradley.com. You’ll find all sorts of awesome stuff on there. You can also follow me on the social media platforms of your choice, using my linktree.





Hanleigh Bradley’s Newsletter
To receive exclusive updates on all things ME, please subscribe to my newsletter mailing list. Subscribers are the first to hear when I plan to release a new book, so if you want to guarantee that you never miss a book, this newsletter is for you!
Click here to subscribe now!
 


About Hanleigh
Hanleigh lives in Derbyshire with her dogs, Manny and Missy. Both of whom make regular appearances in her live reads. Hanleigh is about as English as it's possible to be, without actually being English.
She first fell in love with books as a child reading Dr Zeus but moved onto romance when she first read Pride and Prejudice at the age of twelve. She wishes she could live inside the world inside her mind, but since that isn't possible, she puts pen to paper and shares that world with her readers instead.

Hanleigh’s London Saga

All the books in this Contemporary British Saga have interwoven plotlines, returning characters and places. These books are best read in order to avoid spoilers.

The Rules Series
Broken Rules
Enforced Rules
Revised Rules
A Secret Melody

The History Series
Repeating History
Deleting History
Forging History
A History In Paris

The Intimacy Series
Damaged Intimacy
Entangled Intimacy
Forceful Intimacy
Call Me Doctor

The Fate Series
Inescapable Fate
Inexplicable Fate
Irreversible Fate
A Bleak December

Hanleigh’s London Standalone
Dr. Xmas

Hanleigh’s London Boxsets
RULES
HISTORY
INTIMACY
FATE

Find out more about Hanleigh’s Books on her website.

