Dancing with the Dragon


A Jessica Thorpe Novel


By William Wresch
Copyright 2020 William Wresch
Smashwords Edition



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


Book 8:  Jessica’s new love brings her to Europe.  A geology professor, he will help place her water wells where they can best aid a world getting hotter, and drier.  But others have different plans for her.  Her late husband’s company is being attacked by a woman who is beautiful, brilliant, and relentless.  To save the family company, Jessica will need to face her.  But this is a woman Jessica knows, and loves - woman who has bested Jessica every time she has faced her.  Now they will meet, dance, and battle on a yacht cruising between Dubai and Oman.  Held captive on the yacht, Jessica finds a new love.  But can she trust him?  And what will be the price of his help?  Before she is done, she will need to dance with the dragon in Dubai and in Switzerland, and find some way to make peace.



Chapter 1
A very Complicated First Date

This story starts in one of my favorite places in the world – Lambeau Field.  And at a great time for me - a pretty interesting man had brought me there.  The story ends oddly, but that’s not the man’s fault.  None of this was his fault.  He tried his best.  He began with one of the best first dates ever.
He took me to a Packer game at Lambeau Field.  I live close, but I have only been to games two other times.  While my girls were growing up, I worked as a waitress or a bartender, and you don’t buy a lot of Packer tickets on minimum wage.  But I had seen all their games on TV, and I knew that the only real stadium left in the NFL is Lambeau.  Jerry Jones may have a stadium as big as his ego, but anyone can build big.  Let Dallas keep it.  If you want class, you go to Green Bay and Lambeau Field.
First, it still has the original benches from 1957 when the place was built.  There have been expansions as new areas were built to wrap around the original stadium, but the core of the place – the seating bowl – was still there.  You don’t get a seat.  You get twenty two inches on a bench, your knees against the back of the row ahead of you, and your back against the knees behind you.  Basically, the kind of seating airlines have for us.  But at Lambeau, it is all part of the mystique.  Besides, in late November, in an outdoor stadium, it gets pretty cold in Green Bay, so having people sit close is a plus.
And my man was sitting very close.  Klaus Jergens, Ph.D.  Geology professor from Heidelberg University.  Complete surprise.  He shows up at my father’s bar.  He’s good looking, interesting, has some skills that might be useful to me, and he has Packer tickets.  I am bartending to a huge crowd one minute, the next I am riding down to Green Bay to see the Packers play the Cowboys.  Nice enough ride going down.  He tells me about water wells he has done in India, I tell him about wells I did in the Kalahari.  He is on the board of my former employer, Naturale, a water and juice seller based in Switzerland.  I have recently started my own company, Hope Springs LLC, to bottle and sell water south of Lake Superior.  I am not happy with his company (long story), but we avoid any topics that might be unpleasant.
It’s an hour drive south from Amberg to Green Bay, and we tell stories all the way, mostly describing elephants we have encountered as we pumped water.  It’s fun.  We get to Green Bay, pay twenty dollars to park on some guy’s front lawn, and walk to the stadium.  It’s an evening game - Monday Night Football is broadcasting – and people have been tailgating since noon.  I guess that’s another way of saying the parking lots are filled with the outrageously drunk.  Fine.  We stop in a tent the Packers have set up outside the stadium and have a beer and a brat ourselves.  
First warning sign.  He orders us two Miller Lites.  Nice enough beer if you don’t like beer.  I have drilled water that had more taste.  Is he ordering it for me, thinking it’s a good beer for women?  Have I already disappointed him?
Second warning sign.  We finish our beer and brat and go straight into the stadium – and straight to our seats.  Really?  The first time I walked through the atrium I stopped dead in my tracks to look at the restaurants and up at the stands.  I think I blocked traffic for at least fifteen minutes as I stood in awe.  He just takes my hand and leads to our seats.
Now, to be fair, he has taken my hand, and he has bought really good seats.  And once we get to our seats, he sits close (yes, there isn’t much option about that, but still…).  And, even though he is German and thinks soccer should be called football, he seems to know what is going on.  I don’t have to explain why first downs are important, and he cheers as loud as everyone when we intercept a pass.  He also has an arm around me for much of the game.
And I do my share.  I kiss him every time we score a touchdown (five) and when we win at the end (not that it was ever in doubt – eat ice, Cowboys), and he holds me tight when we kiss.  So, things are not perfect, but I think the guy may be trainable.
On the way home, he is patient.  Green Bay is a town of 100,000, and Packers bring a crowd of 80,000.  Roads don’t suddenly expand when you nearly double your population, so it takes an hour just to get back on the highway.  We sit in long lines and talk about the game.  I have already decided he will be spending the night at my trailer.  Yes, I am easy.  That explains why I had my first baby at sixteen and my second before I turned eighteen.  Kiss me, hold me, tell me you love me, and I am yours.  Take me to a Packer game, and I am a sure thing.
We get up to my trailer, and here is where things start going downhill.  I live in a trailer.  I was raised in this trailer, and I raised both my daughters in this trailer.  I was poor.  Waitressing, bartending, waiting for child support checks to arrive.  The trailer is now forty five years old (my age).  When I started having more money, I redid the kitchen, and earlier that year I built a basement and an addition onto my trailer.  But it is still a trailer.  When we drive up to it, I am very sensitive to how people react.  
Klaus’ reaction?  Nothing.  I don’t see disappointment, but I also don’t get a compliment over the new carpeting or the large deck out front.  He just takes my hand (again), and we walk in together.  I don’t bother asking if he would like a drink, or any of those other hesitation steps.  I keep his hand and walk back to my new bedroom (I can still smell the fresh paint).
And he performs.  He’s good enough in bed.  He says the right things, holds me the right way, rocks me pretty good.  I’m feeling better about this guy, but then he finishes, rolls away from me, and goes to sleep.  I see his back for the next eight hours.  Really.  First night, first time, his back.  No wonder he is thirty eight and single.  I feel like punching the guy.
Morning comes and he is up and into my shower without a word to me.  Not a word.  Both my bedroom and my bathroom are in the new addition to my trailer, and trust me on this, they are both very nice.  I specifically had my shower made large enough for two – large enough, but not too large.  I had dreams of a nice man holding me against the shower wall while I performed the Jessica Shower Ceremony.  Not this morning.  I just lay in bed and listened.  Maybe he’ll call me in?  Nope.
He finishes and heads for my kitchen.  My kitchen.  The kitchen I just remodeled two years ago and love.  He is in there.  Maybe he is making his own breakfast, maybe he is making mine.  But he is in my kitchen.
I am not ready to give up yet.  I take a quick shower and then pull on a slip.  No dress, no robe, just a slip.  It has the three basic requirements for an intimate morning – it is short, shiny, and sexy.  I head for the kitchen, my hair flowing, my breasts just barely covered.  I am giving this my best shot.
He smiles and points to a chair.
“Just in time.  I have everything ready.”  I sit, and he puts a plate of eggs and toast in front of me.  Okay, he can cook.  I don’t need a man for that, but he seems to be trying.  I smile.  I pick up a fork, and oh, one of my straps seems to be sliding over my shoulder.  Oh my.
He smiles and takes the seat across from me.  Not next to me.  Across from me.  Across the table.  On the other side.  Did I mention he is thirty eight and single?  I pull up my strap and eat my eggs.
“I’d like to talk to you about your new bottling plants.  I hear you are making good progress.”  
“I have one plant shipping water.  Two others will be operating by next summer.  I plan three more in the general vicinity.”  I am sitting in a slip, my breasts pressing against the satin material, and he wants to talk business.  Thirty eight and single.
“The company has an interest in your work.”  
“The company is managed by morons.”  Suddenly I am cold.  Why did I not wear a robe?
“They would like to buy your company.”
“Over my dead body.  They already have three plants in the area.  I built three more for them before I was fired.  The three new plants are now warehouses.  WalMart thanks you.”
“I would point out that Kurt has done very well as CEO.  The company is now worth a billion dollars.  Your stock has done very well.  You are a rich woman.”
“I didn’t buy that stock to get rich.  I bought it to help Emil keep control of the company.”  (Sorry.  Some background here.  Emil was my former husband, and president of Naturale.  Hated the man when I first met him.  Loved him with all my heart during the time we were married.  When he died, I lost it completely.  Moved back to Amberg and slowly rebuilt my life.  To the extent any life can be fully rebuilt, mine had been coming together reasonably well.)
“Yes, he was quite a loss.”  This ended the conversation for a while.  We both ate our eggs.  Not bad.  But like I said, I didn’t need a cook.
“Jessica, we would like to buy your company and combine it with the other area bottling plants.  We would put you in charge, of course.  The offer is five million for the company, and a salary of five hundred thousand as division president.”
“No chance.  I have already been down that road.  I didn’t like the ending.”
“I hope you will give the offer some thought.  We might be able to negotiate the price for your company.”
“That’s not going to happen.  I want no connection to Naturale.  That part of my life is behind me.”
“You are sure?”
“Positive.”
I finished my breakfast and leaned back in my chair.  He leaned forward in his, and I think finally noticed how I was dressed.  Maybe my strap would slide down off my shoulder again.  After all, while he worked for morons, he had good hair.  It was thick, and brown, and had an interesting wave.  He also left it slightly long in the European way.  If he hadn’t jumped straight out of bed, I would have had my fingers in it while I tried to decide if his eyes were blue or hazel.  I shifted slightly, and yes, that pesky strap began sliding.
“I would like to help you.  I have worked with mining companies.  I know the kind of impact they can have on the local aquifer.  If you have the time, I would like you to come to Heidelberg.  Let me show you some of the studies I have done.  I think I can find you safe places to put your wells.”
What I heard was – mining companies, blah, blah, blah, Heidelberg.  I just looked at the guy.  Not bad looking at all, nice smile, seemed sincere, right size, right age, had filled my bed once, might work out.  How big a project would he be?
“Heidelberg?”
“I think you’ll like it there.  I hope you let me take you dancing.”
Okay.  Major improvement.  I learned to waltz in Switzerland.  I liked it almost more than Packer games.  And he had the shoulders for it.  Geologist.  Lifted lots of rocks.  He could lift me on the turns.  Did I have time for a quick trip to Heidelberg?  Probably not.  But did I mention his hair?  
”Okay.  Two nights dancing, one day looking at your aquifer studies.”
“I talked to your father last night.  He said he needs you this week.  I will send the plane for you Monday.”
“I also tend bar Monday.  Send the plane Tuesday.”
“Perfect.  I will arrange it.”
Proposals and breakfast both over, we got up and put our dishes in the sink.  He had the good sense to put an arm around me and kiss me.  Maybe he was learning.  I wrapped my arms around him and looked up into his face.
“Klaus, after you make love to a woman, don’t give her your back.  Keep a hand on her.”
To show he was a quick learner, he slid a strap of my slip over my shoulder, and stroked my breast.  Not bad.  He needed practice, but he appeared trainable.
A very nice kiss later, he was out the door.  He was out the door.  He left.  He got in his car and drove away, off to the company jet and back to Europe.  I was standing in my nice new living room, just steps from my nice new bedroom, wearing a slip.  A slip.  Hello, Klaus.  I am wearing a sign that says – Hi, take me.  Hello, here I am.  Yoo-hoo, Klaus.  He smiles, waves, and drives away.  I am wondering how trainable he really is.
And I’m taking a few days off to fly to Heidelberg to be with this guy?  There’s a limit to what even Packer tickets will get you.  I changed into the official Marinette County uniform for woman – jeans and a sweater.  And heavy socks.  Floors are always cold.  I put on my blaze orange coat (during deer season you make sure all can see you are not a deer), and made the fifteen minute walk into Amberg to get my car.  What did I think about as I walked along Highway 141?  Why had I agreed to go to Heidelberg?  Yes, I was fairly desperate, and he had bought tickets to the Packer game, and he wasn’t bad looking.  He would be a project, but maybe… 



Chapter 2
Heidelberg?

I had an interesting week before I flew to Heidelberg.  It was Thanksgiving week, which means deer hunting season in Wisconsin.  I live in Amberg, up near the border with the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, a tiny town surrounded by other tiny towns surrounded by endless forests.  Half a million men go deer hunting each year, and many of them spend their afternoons and evenings in my father’s bar.  I might have my own company pumping and bottling water, but I am still my father’s daughter, and if he needed help behind the bar, that’s where I would be.
It was a cold walk to town and to my Toyota.  And once I got there, I wasn’t sure what to do – other than start the car and crank up the heater.  Wisconsin in late November?  Cold and getting colder.  I didn’t have any traffic to worry about as I backed my car out into the street.  Amberg only has one block of businesses, and they are all on one side of the street.  Want a definition of tiny?  Consider a “business district” that consists of – empty lot, dad’s bar, tiny restaurant, tiny grocery, empty lot, post office.  That’s it.  And you can guess which business was the only one that consistently turned a profit.
I needed to open dad’s bar before noon, but that left me much of the morning free.  What to do?  I was in a funny mood.  True, it had been a long time since a man had been in my bed (and Klaus had only been there one night), so that might have been it.  But maybe it was just general confusion over what I was doing.  Heidelberg?  Really?  The company jet might take me to Heidelberg, but the real connection was to Bern, Switzerland and my former company, Naturale, now a huge global business selling water and fruit juices.  I still owned two percent of the shares, leftovers from my husband Emil, the man I got to live with and love for two years before losing him.  I thought I had left that company – and Switzerland – behind.  And without question, any link to Klaus was a link to my old company.  I didn’t want that, did I?
I pointed the car east, back towards my trailer, then on a whim, I drove farther down County K toward the old, one room schoolhouse I had bought.  I had briefly owned a chain of older hotels (long story).  When I sold them for twenty some million, I had no idea what to do with the money.  I had spent twenty years working minimum wage jobs, now I had millions.  What did I do with the money?  Nothing, really.  I did remodel the kitchen in my trailer, and then I bought the school house.  Why the school house?  I think I was insulted the guy who owned it was using it to store his hay.  It seemed disrespectful.  Besides, as I was sitting on its steps one day, he came by and told me to leave.  So I wrote him a check for thirty five thousand and took over the place.  My son-in-law Billy and his friends fixed it up, my friend Kat Johnson planted flowers around it, and the Wausaukee Historical Society (four retired school teachers and the town librarian) put some old desks in it and took school groups up to see it.
When I drove up that morning I found a school bus already there.  Not too surprising.  Most of the high school kids would be out of school to go hunting with their dads (and a few moms), so teachers took kids on field trips to reward those few who showed up for school.  I parked my car and went in to see how things were going.
Interesting.  The teacher had the dozen or so kids sitting at the old desks, writing with chalk on old tablets.  She had even dressed as a teacher might have in 1920 – ankle length skirts and a big hat.  I think she was doing some simple arithmetic, but stopped when she saw me.  
“Class, we have a guest.  I think you have all seen Mrs. Gruber in her movie about the Oregon Trail.  We showed part of it in class.”  (So the movie was now used in school?  I hoped that didn’t take the fun out of it.  By the way, I was on screen for a total of thirty eight seconds.  Hardly a Hollywood star.  My real job with the film was to keep people fed.)  “Mrs. Gruber owns this school house, fixed it up, and kindly lets us use it.  Would you like to say something to the class?”
“Certainly.”  I walked to the front of the room.  Did I tell them how I got knocked up my sophomore year and never graduated from Wausaukee High?  Probably not.  But I did look at each of the girls in the class, hoping they were smarter than I was.
“You know you’re survivors, right?”  I paused to let that sink in.  Former movie “star,” I had to go for at least a little drama.  “This school is here because a century ago forty or fifty families tried farming in this area.  You probably already know from your home gardens that the soil is poor here, and the growing season is short.  So the farms failed, and most of the families left.  But not yours.  Yours resettled into some job in Amberg or Wausaukee, made due somehow, and a hundred years later, here you are.  You’re tough kids.  Survivors.  I hope you remember that down the road when things get tough again.  In the meantime, listen to your teachers more than I ever did, and be kind to your friends.  That’s the best advice this old lady knows.”
I smiled at the teacher, then walked to the back of the room so she could continue her lesson.  I was right – it was arithmetic, trying to add and subtract on little chalk panels.  I think the real lesson would be trying to wash the chalk off their hands later.
A second teacher followed me out the door and stood with me at the bottom of the wooden stairs.
“Thank you.  It is nice of you to visit, and of course great that you let us use this old school house.  So many have been torn down.”  She was about my age, so she understood about things being torn down.
“Thank you for being a teacher.”  I meant it.  I thought I should get back to my dad’s bar to start cleaning up for the day, but it appeared she wanted to say something more.  So I stood and waited. 
“My nephew works at the Amberg bottling plant.  He talks about how it was when you ran it, and how it is now.  I know you are building new plants in the UP.  Have you thought about maybe buying this one?”
I had to smile.  “Four plus years ago, I tried to do that.  I flew to Switzerland with three million dollars ready to buy it.  I ended up marrying the company president.”  I stopped, and we both laughed a bit.  “Unfortunately, I lost Emil two years ago.”  Another pause.  No laughing this time.  “I know things aren’t as people would like.  I’m not sure what I can do about it.”
And we left it at that.  We shook hands, and I drove away.  Why had I gone out there?  Not sure.  Like I said before, I was in a funny mood.
Want some structure in your life?  Go run a bar.  It was about ten when I got back to town and unlocked the place.  Fortunately, the place is pretty simple – one long, curved bar covering the left half of the room, eighteen bar stools, a pool table.  Lots of open space for people to stand, lots of open space for me to mop, and of course with fifty or sixty men coming through with snow and mud on their boots, mopping was my first chore.  It took nearly an hour and four buckets of water for me to get the mud out.
Next step?  Bag after bag of garbage – mostly beer cans.  We keep real beer and Miller Lite on tap, but we also have cans of this and that.  There were five large garbage bags of crushed cans for me to take out and throw on the growing pile back behind the bar.  That left the bathrooms.  Don’t get me started describing them.
I let the first guys in just before noon, and I ran myself ragged for the next ten hours.  Guys were in a great mood.  The Packers had beat the Cowboys – basically Christmas morning for the local men.  I talked about the game.  A few guys wanted to know about the man I had gone with – some professor.  I told them if they ever wanted another beer in this bar, they would change the subject.  Sure.  Like that would stop any of them.  I put up with nonsense for ten hours.
Dad came in about one and took his usual place dead center in the bar.  Britney (my daughter.  I have two – Tiffany and Britney – each by a different father.  I spent my teen years proving how dumb I was) and her two daughters were with him.  Britney said they wanted to stop in and say “hi.”  She makes dad his lunch and checks on his health every day (the man is at least a million years old), but she never comes to the bar with the girls (four and six).  Too crowded, too noisy, too often some language little ones should not hear.  Why was she with dad?  Simple enough.  Dad had told her about Klaus.  I told her he seemed nice enough.  I did not tell her I was going to Heidelberg.  Maybe later in the week, but certainly not in front of this crowd.  I got this big, knowing smile from her.  Daughters. 
For what it’s worth, by the way, I am a pretty good bartender.  I kept a beer in front of everyone, poured shots, and even took the time to make a few of our pathetic pizzas.  With dad’s permission I gave out free slices to celebrate the beatdown the Cowboys took.
Tuesday went fast, as did the rest of the week.  Thursday is Thanksgiving.  Tiffany had been hosting the family while I was in Switzerland, but this year we did it at my trailer.  I wanted to show off the new addition.  Besides, if we ate early, I could still get back to the bar by two to open for the hunters who hadn’t gone home.
So, there’s my week.  Deer season ended Sunday at dark, bar patrons dropped by two thirds, Monday I cleaned and cleaned and cleaned.
And.  I talked to dad about Heidelberg.
“I’ll be gone for a few days, maybe a week.”
“Jess, you say you will be gone a week and we don’t see you for two months.  Don’t worry about it.  Billy can run the bottling plant, and Morgan can cover your hours here.”
“He wants to show me some research on ground water.”
“He wants you in Heidelberg.  You want him in Heidelberg.  It’s your time, Jess.  Emil has been gone two years.”
“When Emil proposed, he held my hand and touched my ring.  He said, ‘no man replaces another.’  He was right.”
“Yes, he was right.  Klaus will be different.  Maybe he will be right for you.  Maybe he won’t.  I am proud you have the courage to find out.”
And I guess that summed it up.  I was flying to Heidelberg to see if he was the right man.  If nothing else, I would have two nights of waltzing.  Dad went home around five.  I closed the bar at ten.  A driver came for me the next morning at noon.



Chapter 3
Klaus and Heidelberg

I have a lot to say about Klaus, but let me start with Heidelberg.  Nice enough city, along a river, big old church, but the reason people go there is to see the castle – the Schloss.  It is on a hill above the town, it is huge, it is a ruin, and even in December it has plenty of tourists.  But don’t go there with Klaus or any other geologist.  Want to know when it was built, or who lived there, or who blew it up?  All good questions, but not questions for a geologist.  We stood in the central courtyard and looked at incredible walls of statues.  Really special.  What could Klaus tell me about them, or any other feature of the castle?  He knew where the stones had been quarried, when the stones had been formed (please don’t ask me to name the era or how many millions of years ago it all happened), and even why they all had the colors they had.  But who carved the statues, and when they had been built into story after story of walls, and what bastard had then blown much of the place up, well, that had all happened in the last few centuries and so didn’t interest him.
For what it is worth, I bought a guide book in the information center (ugliest little building in Heidelberg.  You look at that building and then look across at the castle and know that the profession of architecture is well and truly dead).  What did my guidebook tell me?  Louis the Fourteenth blew the place up in some war between the French king and whoever the local ruler was at the time.  Since 1693?  Mostly it just sat there.  Locals took stones from it to build their homes.  These days?  Tour buses and taxis get you up there.  A huge wine barrel is in one of the basements and people line up to get their pictures taken there.  There is also a balcony where you can stand and look down at the river.  
I liked the balcony.  Klaus and I stood there a long time looking down at the river.  He put an arm around me and talked about the various things you could see below.  His university was on this side of the river, not far from the big church; his apartment and the better restaurants were on the other side of the river.  The wind was cold up on that balcony, but the view was good, and his arm felt good, and we had the place pretty much to ourselves as the crowds descended to the wine barrel.
What else should I say about the town?  We walked down from the castle (much better idea than walking up to it), pausing to enjoy the view (and catch our breath), and walked into the older part of town (always my favorite).  The Christmas market was already set up around the old church (why is Germany the only country smart enough to create those?), and we walked slowly around, drinking warm wine, and finding lots of gifts for my family (those Christmas calendars with little chocolates behind each day were my first buy – five of them (dad and four grandkids)).  I spent three days in Heidelberg, and I made Klaus take me to the Christmas market each day.
Klaus’ university is just a few blocks past the church, although you wouldn’t know it.  The buildings are pretty much like all the other buildings in that part of town, so you just walk along, and suddenly you at the University of Heidelberg.  I guess that’s good – no ugly new architecture to muddle the city.
His office?  All the professor offices I see in movies are three walls of books wrapped around a large wooden desk.  His?  Shelves of rocks, one wall of books, two walls of maps.  Needless to say, the maps didn’t show countries, they showed the rocks under the countries.  A little confusing, but not too bad.
Okay.  Enough about the city.  Now about Klaus.  And about me.
The first time I had taken the corporate jet to Europe – seven years ago - I had never been on a plane before.  I had no passport.  A driver had arrived at my trailer and asked me to meet Elias Gruber (CEO of Naturale) in Green Bay, presumably to talk about his new water bottling plant.  The corporate plane was in Green bay, and I boarded, thinking I would talk briefly on the plane, then get off and go back to Amberg.  Instead, the plane took off, and I was on my way, basically kidnapped.  Elias wasn’t even on the plane.  He would be waiting for me in Switzerland.  
As we approached Bern, the one other person on the plane – an assistant who spent the whole trip staring at his laptop – suggested I change, and pointed to a closet and a garment bag.  I was wearing jeans and a sweater, plenty good for Amberg, but apparently not good enough for Switzerland.  In the bag I found one of the most beautiful dresses I had ever seen – black, scoop neck, short sleeves, tea length, in a material I still can’t identify, but it had a slight sheen and a silky feel.  It came with matching shoes and even a string of pearls.  That’s what I wore for my arrival.  Amberg bartender suddenly becomes elegant Swiss lady.  Elias knew how to play me from day one.
What did I wear for my arrival in Heidelberg?  Yes, that outfit.  And while Elias had not been there for my arrival all those years ago (and didn’t even talk with me for over a week), Klaus was standing just outside the plane when I got off.  Klaus with a big smile, open arms, and a kiss that went on and on.  The man knew how to receive an elegant Swiss lady.  Nice thing about private planes – no need to rush.  You can stand and talk all you want.  And we did.  Klaus held me, and smiled, and stood with me.  Message?  Nothing is more important than being with you right here, right now.  Good man.
With my noon departure, a stop for gas, and a seven hour time change, I had arrived just after dawn.  When he asked if I was tired, I knew what to say.  He loaded my bags into his car, and we went straight to his apartment and to his bed.  So much for my first day in Heidelberg.  By the way, at no time during the next twenty four hours did he turn his back to me.  And the hand he kept on me?  Well, I stayed plenty warm.
So, we are off to a great start.  We hung around his apartment, me wearing my best satin nightgown.  Later we did the tourist stuff up at the castle and at the Christmas market, we got to his university office where he showed me some initial maps of the region around Lake Superior, and we hit a couple very nice restaurants.  What is primary in all that?  He held my hand when we walked, he kept an arm around me when we sat, he pulled his chair close to me in restaurants, and at night, he kept me hot and breathless.  He was everything I hoped he would be.
Then comes my third night in Heidelberg.  We have dinner – nice restaurant, good food, candle light, his hand on mine – and have walked across the river to wander the Christmas market again.  It’s chilly, but we have warm coats and are drinking warm wine.  I’m staring at some handmade wooden toys I think the kids might like, and Klaus is standing behind me, his arms wrapped around me.
I am now on my third glass of wine, and between the jet lag and our night time activities, I am missing a lot of sleep.  I am not at my most lucid, but he has his arms around me, I have my ass pushed back into him teasing, well, maybe teasing a fair amount, and I decide now is the time to ask the big question.
“Klaus, why am I here?”
“You are here because I am unbelievably lucky.”
I turned in his arms and looked at him.  He kept his arms around my shoulders.  I kept my arms around his waist.  Even through our heavy coats, I thought I could feel his warmth.
“I came over in the corporate jet.  You are new to the board, yet you get to send the plane after any girl you want?”
“I have an interest in you.  So does the company.”
“I am not selling my bottling plants.  I have already said no.”  I am really hoping this ends that conversation.  I have already dropped my arms from around him.  I hope I am sending a very strong signal.  No more, Klaus, drop this, Klaus, you won’t like where this leads, Klaus.  I don’t know if he is missing my signals, or just wants to send a few of his own.
“I didn’t present the idea well.  I just gave you a number.  I didn’t give you reasons.”
“There are no reasons for me to give up my company.”
“Aunt Willa would like to give you some reasons.  She wants to have lunch with you tomorrow.”
“And you were going to tell me this when – as we sit down at the breakfast table?”
I punch people. I don’t slap.  And if they want to punch back, fine.  Give me your best shot.  I had my hands in fists in a second and one hand pulled back.  He had set me up.  I had been in his bed three days so Aunt Willa could arrive and close the deal.  Get Jess here, get her loosened up, get her in bed, and then send in Willa to make the deal.
In the end, I didn’t punch him, but I did hit both his shoulders with my palms to push him away.
“Jess, she’s Emil’s aunt.  You know her.  She knows you.  She’s a good person.  She wants to talk.  She can explain this better than I can.  She just wants to sit and talk.  Frankly, I think she misses you.”
“How is she your aunt too?”
“She isn’t.  I don’t know how to explain it in English.  She is my great aunt’s sister.  It’s my great aunt who left me the shares of the company.  Willa put me on the board after my great aunt died.  How do you say the relation in English?”
“I have no idea.  But I don’t want to talk with her.  Not about this.”
“Then I will tell her not to come.”
“Klaus, sit.”  I pointed to a bench nearby.  Yes, I know I was talking to him as I would a dog, but you will notice I am not punching him.
“If we are going to be friends, you need to know some lines you cannot cross.”  I sat next to him, and no, I was not holding his hand.  I was staring straight into his eyes.  “Emil and I were partners.  I flew here four years ago to buy the water plant in Amberg.  I had been told it would be closed.  That was a lie, but I didn’t know that.  All I knew was that Amberg needed jobs, and the plant kept two dozen families employed.  Emil and I fought like crazy for weeks.  Then he took me for a hike into the mountains and showed me the remains of a glacier.  He had a mission.  Prepare for when all the glaciers – and lots of other water supplies – were gone.  He asked me to be his partner.  I would drill wells south of Lake Superior, a place his researchers thought would have water for decades after the rest of America’s water was gone.  I would work North America, he would work Europe.  That was the deal.  I agreed.  We also got married, but the deepest part of our partnership was water – we would try to provide water for as long as we were able.  He may be dead, but our partnership isn’t.”
“Could the company help with your wells?”
“It did – when Emil was alive.  Not anymore.”
“We had a woman from the World Bank come and talk to the board.  They seemed interested.”
“If they were really interested, all they have to do is restart the bottling plants I built for them.  They haven’t.  Klaus, I don’t know what they really want, but they are lying to you.”  
We sat and looked at each other.  I had said my piece.  I started settling down.  I even took his hand.  He wasn’t a bad guy.  New to the board, hell, new to business.  How was he to know who was telling the truth?  It certainly took me long enough to figure it out.
“I’ll tell Willa not to come.”
“Thank you.  Now, can we go home?  It’s pretty cold out tonight.”
The man got out his phone and got us an Uber.  We were home in fifteen minutes.  His bed was warm, but jet lag nailed me pretty good.  As I drifted off, I did notice he had both his arms around me.  Good man.



Chapter 4
Kidnapped to Bern

Klaus was out of bed pretty early the next morning.  Some seminar.  Professors go to those I guess.  Maybe they give them.  How would I know?  I never finished tenth grade.  I lay in bed while he showered and dressed.  Quick cup of coffee and a quick kiss, and he was gone.  He really needed work on his bed-side manner.
I took my time getting showered and dressed.  He said he would take me to lunch, so I wore a dress with long sleeves and skirts past my knees.  Heidelberg is cold in winter.  I made myself a pretty big breakfast, mostly because I was trying his apartment on for size.  Would I like the kitchen?  If I stuck around?  If Klaus and I hit it off?  If he finally got around to taking me dancing?  If Klaus, well, if Klaus turned out to be more than a guy who could help me position my wells?
The kitchen wasn’t bad.  Big enough to have room for a small table.  Most of the equipment looked familiar.  All containers were marked in liters (I would just pretend the word was “quarts”), and all equipment had instructions in German (not that I paid much attention to instructions anyway).  Mostly his kitchen looked like and operated like any kitchen in the U.S.  I had toast and eggs and coffee and didn’t encounter any real problems.
Breakfast done, I wandered the rest of the apartment.  From the outside, the building looked like a larger two story house.  Good.  No blocky, ugly apartment building.  Inside were four apartments, each with a small balcony (his/ours faced the river (nice view)), and nice windows.  Klaus had a large living room (also facing the river), two good sized bedrooms, and a large bathroom (with a shower big enough for two, if the bozo ever thought of that).  I don’t know what German professors get paid, but I do know things cost more in Europe than they do in the U.S., so I was seeing a fairly pricey apartment.
I sat in the living room, cup of coffee in hand, and looked out those huge windows toward the river.  Would I be comfortable in this apartment?  Yes.  Would I host dinners as a professor’s wife?  Yes, I could do that here.  Was I getting ahead of myself?  Definitely.  But the ceiling was high, the furniture good quality, and I liked those windows.  And the sun was shining.  I sat back on the couch and sipped my coffee, generally feeling pretty good.
And the doorbell chimed.  Should I answer it?  I had enough German to tell a person Klaus was not home.  So I went to the door.
It was Aunt Willa.  She was about eighty, and I remembered her as being a fairly nice person, but tough as nails.  She had shed weight with age, and seemed to be like dried out leather.  She even had a bit of that color.  Maybe five four, silver hair that had so much product in it, it held a shape around her head like a helmet.  She didn’t do that old lady thing with so much makeup it looked like a mask.  It was just her- blue eyes, thin lips, dark cheeks.  And she was smiling.
“Hi, Jessica.”  Her English was pretty good, but her accent did things like change the “s’s” in my name to “z’s”.  Jezzica.  “I am so pleased to see you again.”  And she hugged me.  Europeans hug much less than Americans, especially older Europeans.  It was a brief hug, and then she took a step back to smile up at me.  Maybe she wasn’t five four any more.
“Klaus told me you didn’t have time for lunch with me, so I have come for coffee.  You have time for coffee, yes?  I will take you there.”  She pointed behind her to a larger car.
So, how big a jerk was I prepared to be?  She was Emil’s aunt, so a relative of mine by marriage, she had been good to me in the past, and she was essentially the head of the Gruber family.  How could I say “no” to coffee?  I agreed and got my coat.
Willa’s large car?  A BMW that went on forever.  We got in the back, and her driver took us off for coffee.
“You have been in Heidelberg for several days now.  It is beautiful, do you think?”  
We settled back into the softest leather seats made by human hands, she smiled her encouragement, and I talked.  I gave my impressions of the schloss, and the Christmas market, and the university.  I had something to say about everything.  I went on as if I were a child performing for a respected adult.  She smiled, and nodded, and said encouraging things, and my mouth just kept moving. 
“And Klaus.  He is being good to you?”
“Yes, he is a good man.”  And I sensed a change in direction.  She wanted to know about him, which was really a way of asking about us.  What did I say?  What did I really know about what might happen between him and me?
“I think you might like being a professor’s wife.”  She smiled at me.  “The life is very quiet.  I understand there are music recitals to attend, and lectures, and of course dinners with other professors and their wives.  During the day, you can cook and clean for him, and maybe redecorate.  Most men have too few ferns.  You could add those.”  About midway through that comment I decided she was mocking me.
“I do not know what future Klaus and I may have, but I would still be involved running my bottling plants, and he has promised to help me with that.”
“I am afraid your time running bottling plants has come to an end.”
“Oh?”
“There is a portfolio in the seat pocket there.”  She pointed to a leather case across from me.  “It has several papers.  The first is an injunction, asking that your plants in Outer Michigan be closed.”
“It is Upper Michigan.”
“Of course.”  She smiled.  Was she playing with me?  “The injunction asserts that you violated a contract provision to not compete against our company.  You signed that when you were president of the North American division.  We will also be charging you with infringement of trade secrets, since you designed your new plants using the same plans as you used for our plants in Upper… Whatever that city was.” 
“It’s Michigan, and you know it.”  I just stared at her.  Was she serious?  That pale, old lady face framed in that shellacked old lady hair just stared back at me.  Her hands were in her lap, her back against the car seat.  She seemed perfectly at peace.  What the hell?
“That non-compete clause was years ago.  And the plant design – hell, every plant in the world uses the exact same design.  How many ways can you line up a row of machines?  I will challenge the injunction in court, and I will win.”
“There was no time limit on the non-compete clause.  And we can show the contractor used the same blueprints.  You will not win in court.  And while you are in court, we will ask that your plants be closed.  All your employees will lose their jobs.”
“You can’t do that.”
“I will do all that and more.  While we are fighting you in court, we will close all our other North American plants, including the one in your home town, and the other two in little villages somewhere west in Minnesota.”
“Why would you do that?  It is so evil.  You are being a complete bitch.”
“I am a woman protecting her family.”
I had no idea what to say.  If she had been a man, or fifty years younger, I would have punched her.  Instead, I just stared at her.  
She made me wait.  She studied my face.  She wanted to see something, God only knows what.  Did she expect me to cry?  Was she that mean?
“In that portfolio is another document.  A contract.  It says you sell your Iron River plants to me, and again agree not to compete against the family.  We will pay you seven million dollars – in stock – for your properties.  That is equivalent to one percent of our company.  I think a very fair offer.”
“And my friends keep their jobs?”
“As long as I am running the company, they will have their jobs.”  
Kurt was actually the CEO, but it appeared Willa was the real head of the firm – and the family.  I took the portfolio from the set pocket.  Inside was the injunction.  I scanned it.  It was in English, not so I could read it, but so it could be filed in an American court.  She was serious.  Behind it was the contract she mentioned.  I needed to sign and initial in several places.  If you have to take nasty medicine, it’s best to swallow fast.  I signed and initialed, and put the contract back in the portfolio.
“Happy?”
“Yes.  As of now, you are no longer the solitary water warrior, off saving the world on your own.  From now on, what happens to this company happens to you and all your friends.”
“And I go back to Klaus’ flat, make his dinner and redecorate like a good professor’s wife.  Maybe I can buy him some new ferns already this afternoon.  That is my life now?”
“I think not.  At least not today.  For one thing, we are not going back to Heidelberg.”  That was my clue to look out the car window.  I checked the sun.  We were going south.  I didn’t need navigation skills to understand where we were going.  We were going to Bern.  
“You have my company.  That is enough.  Take me back to Heidelberg.”
“First, I need you to do some arithmetic.”  She waited.  I kept examining her face.  I think I wanted to see some kind of celebration.  She had beat me.  I don’t know why she wanted to beat me, but she had.  Now she was kidnapping me.  Shouldn’t I see some kind of victory dance in her eyes?  All I saw was the same old lady, looking at me as if we were old friends.  I would have preferred some predatory smile.  It would have made it easier for me to hate her.
“Fine.  Let’s do numbers.”
“That form you signed just gave you seven million dollars’ worth of stock.  And I said that amount of stock gave you one percent of the company in addition to the two percent you already owned.”
I thought about that.  The numbers weren’t right.  Klaus had told me the company was worth a billion dollars.  One percent of a billion was ten million, not seven.
“Klaus said the company had a market cap of one billion dollars.”
“Klaus actually used the phrase – market cap?”
“No, but he said the company was worth a billion dollars.  I assumed that is what he meant.”
“Klaus is a gifted geology professor.  But he knows nothing about business, and he pays no attention to stock prices.”
“So why is he on the board?”
“I need all the honest board members I can find.”  She paused.  I guess she wanted that to sink in.  Actually it just added to my confusion.
“Enough arithmetic.  Tell me what’s going on.”
“The value of our shares has fallen thirty percent since summer – apparently the last time Klaus looked at his board materials.”
“So you made me sell my company to your failing company.”
“Yes.”
“Explain why I shouldn’t be really angry with you.”
“Like I said, I am a mother protecting her family.”
“And how does stealing my company do that?”
“It brings you back to us.”
That was it for me.  I looked out the window and watched Germany roll by.  Great highways, perfect farms, red tile roofs.  She wanted me back.  She would tell me why.  I would make her wait.  I stared out the window all the way to Switzerland (about a three hour drive), my back to her.  I had nothing more to say to her.  There was nothing more I wanted to hear from her.  Really.  Enough was enough.  Stare at my back old lady.  See how well that protects your family.
The huge old car rolled on.  Eventually we stopped.  Where?  Please.  Wasn’t it obvious?  Emil’s castle, now the company castle.  There was a huge sign at the entrance.  Far too large, I thought.  Tacky as hell.  I liked the old sign, the one that was barely visible.  I liked the old castle.  Emil’s castle.  The parking lot was now much larger.  I didn’t like that either.  And I didn’t like the way the driver breezed past the parking lot and through the arched entryway into the castle itself.  It seemed disrespectful to arrive so fast.  But, there they were, inside the walls, before the ancient wooden entrance door that now bore the sign “Home of Naturale” in German, English, and Chinese.  Chinese!  What came next – a McDonalds in the parking lot?
The driver came to my door, and then stood waiting for a signal from Willa.  I guess she was not done with me yet.
“I know you are angry, and I don’t blame you.  But what I am doing, I am doing for the family.  And that includes you.  This is your home.  Enjoy it.  We have much to discuss, but it can wait a few days.”  
My door magically opened, and I was free to leave.  My feet had barely hit the gravel in the courtyard when the wooden axe-proof door opened and out came Ellen and Johann.  Brilliant.  Who would I most want to see in Bern?  Ellen, castle cook, but also my friend and confidant.  My big sister.  Johann, head of the local historical society, also friend and German tutor.  I hugged both.  Ellen I spoke with in English.  Johann I spoke with in German, and as usual, he lied, telling me how great my German was.  Willa, meanwhile drove away, off plotting and protecting.
Who did not come out the door?  The people I wanted to see least – Kurt the CEO, and Maya the corporate attorney, both former lovers.  If I could leave Bern without seeing either, I would be much relieved.
The next two hours were very carefully orchestrated.  There is a reason Willa is the head of the family.  I was led fairly quickly though the castle to the dining room.  That meant I would only glance at the changes that had been made to the three story entry way and the Great Hall.  Did I want to see tacky signs about the company?  No.  So they got me into the dining room which was essentially unchanged.  There we sat for two hours while Ellen and Johann talked about all the good times we had shared.  Nice of them, but obviously the direction they were prompted to take.
After lots of food, Johann walked me through the castle, careful to show me improvements (the place was far less cold than it normally was in December), and to minimize the changes that I was sure his historical society had abhorred.   We even climbed to the south turret and looked out at the Alps.  The cold pushed us down the stairs after a few minutes, but if the point was to remind me of the beauty of the place, it did the job.
He left about mid-afternoon with a final hug and a hope I stayed to maybe help him with a castle tour or two.
Then Ellen took over.  She led me upstairs to the room I had used.  It seemed warmer.  She pointed to an additional radiator mostly hidden by new woodwork.  Otherwise, it was the same room – four poster canopied bed with thick duvet, three hundred year old wooden floors (just refinished), large bath and walk-in closet.  She pointed out the clothing in the dresser and the castle gowns hanging in the closet.  I would have everything I needed.  So.  I was back in the castle.  All set.  Just like the good old days (before I fucked Kurt, the new CEO, and got fired).  Me and the castle – together again.  
Willa had left.  I was on my own, free to do whatever I wished    I could of course just hire someone to take me back to Heidelberg, or buy a plane ticket and go back to the U.S.  No one was holding a gun to my head.  
“Ellen, tell me what is going on.  Willa invites me for coffee, and now I’m here.  Why?”
“I don’t know, Jess.  All we were told was that you would be visiting, and might stay for a while.  I am really happy to see you again.  I thought you might be gone for good.  I missed you.  It will be nice to have you around again.”
“If I ask you to call me a cab to the airport, will you do it?”
“Yes.”
“Okay.  I’m here.  I might as well spend the night.  But I may leave tomorrow.”
“I will have dinner for you at seven.”  She gave me a big hug, and then left.
I stood in the room for only a minute or two.  Two hours until dinner.  Time to wander.  The second floor had been updated so they could use the castle as a hotel for sales meetings.  I wandered down the hallway looking to see if anything had changed.  No.  Sixteen very fancy bedrooms, three smaller meeting rooms.  The room next to mine was a double – a suite created for Kurt when he stayed in the castle.  The door was open and the room empty.  I doubted I would be seeing Kurt.
I climbed up to the third floor to see if it had been updated yet.  Yes.  It was identical to the second floor.  Each room that had once belonged to a knight was now carpeted, papered, heated, equipped with wi-fi, and a modern bathroom.  The current purpose of the castle was to make sales for the company.  If each room was filled with a customer, the money must be rolling in.
Back in my room, I changed into one of the castle gowns in the closet.  Even with the upgrades, the castle was cool.  No place for bare legs or bare arms.  I picked a forest green cotton dress with floor length skirts and long sleeves.  The skirt was flared to allow a petticoat under it.  I found one and pulled it on.  My legs would be warm.
Now what?  Now I walked the first floor.  The rooms they had rushed me through?  Ancient tapestries and paintings now alternated with posters showing grinning customers, excited to be drinking Naturale juices.  The Great Hall had a stand in the corner with a display of all the company products.  And in the library?  The place where I loved to sit and warm myself by the fire?  The old leather love seat was still by the fire, but the rest of the room had been taken up by three large desks topped by computer monitors.  One wall still had book cases, but the shelves held sales reports and corporate brochures.  I was initially angry, but then I thought, screw these people.  If this is how they want to treat a three hundred year old castle, that is their business.  I sat in that ancient love seat, my feet pulled up under me, my back to all the company equipment.  It was still me, my loveseat, and my fireplace.
Ellen came for me at dinner time.
“I was so hoping you would change.  You are still mistress of the castle.  Your skirts gliding across the floor wake up all the old castle ghosts.”
“I think I am one of the ghosts.”  I followed her to the dining room.  She had really made an effort.  The massive beamed table could seat twenty.  She had placed a cloth and two candelabra at the end closest to the fireplace – the warm end.  My meal was already served.  I could smell pork and spätzle.  Some things never change.
“Will you eat with me?”  There was only one place set.
“I would love to, but the kids…”
“Of course.”  So, I sat at the end of a table meant for twenty knights, and ate my dinner alone.  And I wondered if that was also part of Willa’s plan.  Give me time to explore, and to feel the place.  Let me sit, and remember.  There was a reason I was here and not in some hotel.  This was now a sales headquarters, and she was using it to sell me.  What was she selling?  Sometime, when she thought the time was right, I would get the sales pitch.
In the meantime?  I had a very nice pork dinner and half a bottle of wine.  I took my dishes down to the kitchen, and then climbed the stairs to my room.  I had forgotten how many stairs there were in the place.  If nothing else, I would get plenty of exercise.  What else would I get?  I would get a “discussion” or a “conversation” with Willa, but whatever you called it, I knew she was preparing a sales pitch for me.  She wanted something.  If she was willing to wait several days before making her pitch, she must want something special.  I had just seen my company sold and my friends used as pawns.  Whatever her sales pitch, I was certain my answer was “no.”
I changed into a long cotton nightgown and buried myself under a down duvet.  They may have worked on the heating system, but December is still a cold time in a castle.



Chapter 5
Sales Pitch Day 1

Day one they put up the heaviest hitter in their lineup – Johann.  I was up and dressed in one of the castle gowns (deep blue, long sleeves, skirts to the floor with a classic hem ruffle to keep them there).  I chose to eat breakfast in the kitchen.  Ellen was sitting across from me as we each ate eggs and toast and caught up on each other’s family.  She now had her first grandchild.  I said all the usual things as she showed pictures.
Johann came down to join us, endless apologies for disturbing us, and a long hug from a man whose generation never hugged.  I would say he had lost weight, but that would seem impossible given how little he weighed to start with.  The man literally was skin and bones.  And energy.  He moved quickly, sat at the front edge of his chair, and immediately gave me a long summary of historical society activities.  They still did castle tours, fundraising for the museum had gone well, they had fresh members of their board, and, yes, they missed me.
Johann was eighty if he was a day (I never asked), but he still sat erect, kept his shoulders back, and was immaculately groomed.  He never had a gray hair out of place.  All of which was nice, but what had always impressed me was that this was all a second career for him.  He had retired from a teaching job at sixty, and then spent two years learning the details of Bern history before volunteering at the historical museum downtown.  Within a year he was the guy you went to with questions.  If he didn’t know the answer, he knew how to dig through the archives to get it.
He also had a flare for business.  There was state support for the museum, and a few francs from fundraisers and donations, but the place was just getting by.  He was the one who went to Emil’s first wife and asked about castle tours.  Walking through a museum was fine for school groups and old people.  Visiting a real castle?  That was more interesting.  The historical society charged a small guide fee, and suddenly there was money for museum expansions and archive digitization.
His relation to me?  My first time in the castle, Emil had asked me to help welcome tour groups (actually it was a very curt email when I had first arrived in Bern and we were fighting over the Amberg bottling plant).  I stood at the big front door, prepared to say “Hello” or “Gut Morgen” (the limit of my German at the time), and in walked Johann with the morning tour group.  He was stunned to see me, but quickly helped me better understand my role, and soon was both my mentor and my German tutor.  Ask me to name the one man I trust in Switzerland, it’s Johann.
So here he is, sitting next to me at breakfast (Ellen made him an egg and several pieces of toast, not that it would put any meat on his old bones), and he is going on and on about this and that, all of which can be summarized as – Jessica, I am very pleased to see you again.  And, yes, I was pleased to see him too – which is why Willa sent him my way.
The morning agenda?  A bus of Korean tourists would be coming in a few minutes.  He was sure they would be so excited to see me.  Would I mind?  And of course I didn’t mine.  I half expected it, hence the long castle dress (which would also keep me warm).  So we finished our eggs and climbed up to the front entrance.  We spoke German as we walked, and he kept lying about how well I had remembered the proper pronunciations.
I love Korean tour groups – young, mostly women, the women are all beautiful, and everyone is polite.  I stood inside the door, said “Anyunghaseo” (the extent of my Korean), and curtseyed.  Meanwhile, Johann is talking to the Korean tour guide (they had English as a common language), and I can see her light up.  Suddenly she is talking to the women around her, and they are excited too.
I know where this is going.  I once had a contract to provide food for a film company.  I was just a glorified cook.  They were doing a film about the Oregon Trail, a film that was pretty popular several years ago.  When I wasn’t driving a van or helping serve dinner, they used me as an extra.  For the final scene of the film, they had me rehearse the girls who would actually do the scene.  For reasons I will never understand, they actually included me doing that final scene.  I timed it (as did my daughters).  I was on camera for thirty eight seconds.  But it was a scene people liked, and since it was the very end of the film, people remembered it.
Here are the lines:
PAM:  Did all that really happen?
ME:     Yes.  They lived just up the Columbia River.
PAM:  Was she really beautiful?
MW:    Yes.  Very beautiful.  Maybe the most beautiful woman in America.
PAM:  Did they have children?
ME:     They had a daughter.  Her name was Clarissa Alice.  But some people say they had millions of daughters.  All over Oregon.  And each of those girls?  They are strong, they are brave, they are beautiful.  And when they love, they love with all their hearts.  Just like Mrs. Whitman.
Not exactly poetry, but simple.  And you should have seen the girl they used.  There was just something in her face that captured your attention.
Even though the film was several years old, most of the tour group seemed to know it.  One of the group got it up on their phone (you can Google anything), and suddenly they had much more interest in me.  “Excuse me, could we…”  And suddenly I was re-enacting the scene with one young woman at a time, while all the rest of the group got it on their cameras.  I spaced it out so we did a few in the entrance area, a few in the Great Hall, and a few in the library in front of the fireplace.
This was one happy group.  The one hour tour lasted over two, and everyone left happy.  Even though it was cold, I walked out to their bus and did final curtseys and hugs.  I liked them.  They liked me.  Johann was ecstatic.
“There will be a thousand hits on social media by this afternoon.  The American movie star is back.  I am sure the office is getting tour requests right now.”
We waved to the bus and then hurried back inside.  December is cold in Bern.
“This is being staged, Johann.  They are setting up a big meeting with me.  I don’t know why.  Meanwhile, I can live in the castle, do tours, eat in the dining room, warm myself in the library, and think how good it would be if I could come back more often.  Aunt Willa is a master negotiator.”
“Whatever you are negotiating, I am pleased to see you again.  Even if it is just a few days.”  I am not sure how to describe how he looked at that moment.  I understand in ancient times there was a guy who walked the streets with a candle looking for an honest man.  I have no idea how the candle was supposed to help, but that’s just me.  Anyway, I am looking at this ancient historian and I see an honest man.
“Johann, when the meeting happens, I am going to tell them ‘no’, and then I am going to fly back to Wisconsin.  In the meantime, I have to admit this was fun, and of course I am pleased to see you again.”
“Could you do more tours?”
“Yes.  Apparently they will just let me wander the place until they make their big pitch.”
“When I heard you were coming, I mentioned it to members of our board.  Would you mind if they came by this evening?”
“If you clear it with Ellen, it is fine with me.”
“Thank you.”  He gave me another hug, and was gone.  I could swear I felt his shoulder blades as I wrapped my arms around him.  
So, now what?  I sat in front of the library fireplace and texted my kids.  How did I explain all this?  I said I had left Heidelberg – nice place – and was now in Bern.  I would be here several more days.  What more could I say?
That done, I went up to my room to take a nap.  Jet lag, change of scene, whatever the cause, I was tired and that duvet felt good.
Ellen woke me around six.  Long nap.  She was dragging my suitcases in.  My clothes were now here; Klaus was not.  Not sure how to interpret that.
“I am hoping you have a waltz gown in one of these.”  Ellen pointed to my cases, now waiting at the foot of my bed.
“Yes, I was hoping Klaus and I might…”
“No Klaus yet, but the historical society has arranged for a string quartet.  Also enough food for fifty.  Be prepared for a big night.  What if I put these things away while you work on your hair?  The pillow has not been kind.”
We both stayed busy for the next two hours.  Putting my clothing away was simple.  Getting the wrinkles out of my waltz gown was not.  Ellen put in some serious work with an iron.  My hair was a problem, but not my only problem.  Makeup seemed to take forever.  And I knew the local standard.  Women here looked perfect.  It was nearly eight by the time Ellen got me into that gown.  Blue satin, wide ruffles down the skirt (endless work for Ellen), short sleeves and a delicately scooped neckline.  I would be wildly overdressed anywhere in Wisconsin.  In Bern, I hoped I could hold my own.
Ellen stepped out into the hallway to determine if it was time to go down yet.  There was a small reception line at the foot of the stairs and couples entering.  Several young ladies took coats and carried them off somewhere.  The event was beginning.  It was time to go down.
For the next three hours I felt like an actor in a play.  The name of the play?  Make Jessica Feel Ridiculously Happy.  I came out to the landing at the top of the stairs and stood for a moment gathering my courage and my balance.  Long skirts, two inch heels, long stairway, two dozen people might watch me take a header.  That was my fear.  Instead, two dozen people watched me make it down eighteen or twenty stairs without even grasping the railing in desperation.  I guess practice does make perfect.  And as they watched me descend?  All smiles, all anticipation.  Jessica was coming.  Really.  It had that feel.
I stood on one side of Johann, his wife on the other.  Curtseys, smiles, hugs.  I knew these people.  There had been past receptions.  We talked, mostly in German, simple comments, so good to see you, I am so pleased to be back, your dress looks lovely, thank you for coming, etc.
When it looked like most of the historical society had arrived, I took one of Johann’s arms, his wife took the other, and we moved to the Great Hall.  Chandeliers blazing, two dozen couples in formal wear, uniformed servers carrying trays of food and drinks, a string quartet playing while we worked the room.  You know, every young girl’s fantasy evening.  Short of having Prince Charming on my arm, I had it all.
It got better.  An hour into conversations and wine (and a quick bite when something good passed by), there was dancing.  Waltzes, of course.  Johann first, then one man after another.  There was always someone to take me and turn with me, a circle within a larger circle.  Smiles, bows and curtseys.  You would have thought this was a court dance from a past century.
And of course there was the pause for the society head and his wife to stand with me and say how grateful they were for my past work with the society, and how pleased they were that I had agreed to help with the castle tours again during this busy time before Christmas.  At this point someone passed the wife a black bag containing the tiara of Countess Edwina (patron saint of ancient Bern ladies).  She held the tiara up for all to see, and placed it on my head as I bowed.
My payment for all this attention and adoration?  Guilt, of course.  After all this, how could I say “no” to whatever Willa would be offering me?  How could I leave all this and return to my trailer in Wisconsin?  How could I not become a permanent vassal of the historical society?  Nicely played, Johann and Willa.
I said pretty much what you say on such occasions.  I was pleased to see all my good friends again.  It was a lovely evening.  I looked forward to doing at least a few more tours.  If I didn’t see them again, I hoped they had a Merry Christmas.  In short, thanks, but no promises.
My comments received polite applause, and then we went back to dancing.  Sometime after midnight, Johann led me back to the main door, and we said our good byes as fifty couples hit the exit.  More hugs, more cheek kisses, more comments about how well the castle looked with me in it.  Everyone said what needed to be said.
When the last of the group was out the door, I turned to Johann and his wife.
“This was lovely.  Thank you for arranging it.  I will be happy to do tours while I am visiting.”  I got a hug from Johann and from his wife.  I really had to bend down for that last hug.  The poor lady was shrinking down to nothing.
Then they were also gone, and I was alone with the caterers and the musicians.  Just like old times.  I spent a minute looking across those vast, ancient spaces as they cleaned up and packed up.  Then I grabbed hands full of ruffles and climbed the stairs.  It had been a lovely evening, and they were lovely people.  If Emil were still alive…
It didn’t take me long to get into bed.  It took me longer to get to sleep.  Whatever Willa planned to ask, she was making it harder to say no.  But the answer was still “no.”



Chapter 6
Sales Pitch Day 2

Day two was Ellen’s day.  I hadn’t expected that.  Willa got to me from a whole new direction.
What happened was simple enough.  I came downstairs prepared for another day of tours.  They had put four castle dresses in my closet, so, I just put on the second one in line (a rust shade of red, but otherwise identical to the others), walked down to the kitchen for breakfast, and talked with Ellen while eating my oatmeal and wondering when Johann could come for me.  Johann joined us about nine (no apparent fatigue after a long night of dancing), and told us about two groups that would be coming in.  
What I wish I could describe is the way he told us about the groups.  Here is a guy who is about a million years old and has been doing tour groups for decades, or in short – been there, done that, over and over – yet you would think he was prepping for the first tours to ever cross our doorway.  He is so excited.  And so pleased I am wearing the tiara.  And so glad both groups were from Korea.  And so happy…  You get the idea.  If only the world could somehow bundle and distribute that level of enthusiasm.
And I have to admit the day went well.  The first group took up most of the morning, and the second group filled the afternoon.  They had a great time, I had a great time, and I don’t have to tell you about Johann.  It was a great day.  We did the movie scene a million times, but they also seemed to have real interest in the castle.  As cold as it was, I took them up on the south turret, and they were as impressed with the view as I always am.  They were just good people, and we shared a good day.
A little after three they left, and Johann left, and I climbed down the kitchen stairs to see Ellen.  I’m not sure I mentioned it, but in December every non-profit in Bern seems to reserve one night or another for a castle Christmas gathering – usually a fund raiser – and I had worked around decorators all day.  The company had a crew of about twenty guys putting up Christmas trees and hanging pine branches and other decorations, mostly in the Great Hall, but they also worked through the entry area and the dining room.  It was the first week of December, time to prepare the castle for Christmas.
So, I went downstairs to check with Ellen.  What groups would be coming in during my time in the castle, and what might be required of me?  Ellen’s job was to do a little cooking, but mostly to coordinate (and supervise) the caterers.  She managed the calendar.  I hit the bottom stairs, saw her sitting at the huge work table with a pile of forms, and asked the obvious question.
“Who will be using the castle tonight?”
And her answer was – “Have you seen the wine cellar?”  My first thought was that she had misunderstood me.  Her English was so good that we usually spoke in English (she had a sister who lived in Minneapolis and Ellen visited each December to shop at the Mall of America (much lower prices than anywhere in Europe)).  I hesitated, and was about to repeat my question, when Ellen got up and led the way down a back hall to the old part of the basement – the original dungeon (very popular when teens toured).  This was where the wine cellar was.
Okay, I didn’t know why she wanted us to go to the wine cellar, but why not?  I followed.  Much of the dungeon is stone pillars holding up the main walls around the Great Hall, the library, etc.  Over the years, walls had been built between the pillars.  In one room was the remains of some iron bars where prisoners had been kept (another attraction for teens), but farther down was a large room that had been made into the wine cellar.
When Emil and I had owned the castle, the wine cellar was simple – a table, half a dozen chairs, some glasses – and about a hundred cases of wine that we had bought as we traveled Germany.  Now?  Some serious money had been put into the room.  It was maybe forty by forty, and while some original stone was visible for effect, the walls were covered in maple that probably cost twenty bucks a board.  Our wine racks were now two walls of those diagonal squares where you can stack eight or ten bottles of wine.  Our hundred cases had to be two or three hundred now, all carefully labeled.  Our table was now three hardwood tables surrounded by leather chairs that had never seen a basement before.  Add in recessed and subtle lighting, and area rugs over the flagstone floor, and you had a pretty special place.
I have no idea what the upgrades cost, but I did understand their purpose.  Emil’s castle was now a showroom – a sales forum.  I could imagine this was where their best sales people took their best customers to either close the deal or celebrate the deal.  Those expensive leather chairs had no doubt paid for themselves many times over.
“They did a nice job with this.”  What I really wanted to say was, why are we here?  But I assumed Ellen would tell me fast enough.  She pointed to one of the tables, I sat, she opened a bottle of my favorite red wine.  Once the wine and two glasses were on our table, she sat across me, and looked me in the eye.
“Kurt and Charlotte will be having dinner with you tomorrow.”  I had no idea what to say to that, so I played with my wine glass, hoping Ellen would fill the silence.  She did.
“Willa will give you the business side of what’s going on.  I thought you might like to hear the more personal side from me.”  I just nodded.  What else was I going to do?
“At first there was some effort to decide who was right, and who was wrong.  He was engaged, and you tried to take him from Charlotte.  Then there were those who said, but they had been engaged for five years.  Was that really an engagement?  Where is she?  Greece?  Why there and not here?  No wonder Kurt was looking.”
“I have to stop you there.”  My turn.  By the way, have I described Ellen?  Early fifties, fairly large, maybe fifteen or twenty pounds overweight, but a nice smile.  You had to respect her for how hard she worked.  Over the years, she seemed less and less like an employee, and more like a big sister.  This big sister had warned me off, reminding me Kurt was engaged.  (Not sure I have explained.  Kurt became the CEO of Naturale after my Emil died.  Emil had wanted me as CEO.  I had always refused.  When he died, the board had not even asked me.  They just picked their best salesman – Kurt.  I didn’t care.  I had other things on my mind – like a newly dead husband.) 
“Kurt was not looking.  I wish he had been.  Emil had been dead six months, I was rattling around in this castle, pretending to be community relations something or other, and he was sometimes around late in the evening to see how the castle remodeling was going.  He never initiated anything with me.  The night we got into bed, I pulled him into my room, pulled him into my bed, and pulled him on top of me.  And by the way, he was fabulous.  Everything that happened was on me.”
“Yes, I know a lot of people saw it that way.  Which meant some saw you as a hussy (is that the right word?)”
“They would probably call me a slut.”
“No.  Really, no one was that upset with you.  And many just thought it was time some woman showed some initiative.  Charlotte dithered.  You moved.  Good for you.”
“Except I got fired.”
“I’ll let Willa talk to you about that.  What I wanted you to know is that the family doesn’t hate you.  They respect you.  I have heard endless conversations about you.  Most of the family thinks you would have been a better match for Kurt.  He would have been a better CEO with you at his side.  Yes, he was engaged to Charlotte, and it was good he finally married her, but she brought much less to the marriage than you would have.”
As you can imagine, while Ellen is telling me all this, I am wondering how much is true, and how much is her being kind.  Bottom line, she can frame it any way she wants, but I pulled the company CEO into my room and rocked his world.  And, meaning no offense to other men in my life, I will remember how he held me.  Those arms around me while we made love – wow.  If Charlotte ever turns up dead… Well, enough.  I tried for the man, and while I did not get him, I had one helluva night.
“Ellen, you are being very kind.”  What else was I going to say?
“I just thought you should know where you stood with the family.”  (Naturale was a family business.  Mostly Grubers, but others who had married in.  Family mattered.  But my connection to the family was gone when Emil died.)
“Thank you. But you know I have my own family back in Wisconsin.”
“Yes, but as Emil’s widow, you have family here too.”
“Okay.  I accept that, and I am pleased they don’t all hate me.  Now.  I came down here to find out what group is using the Great Hall tonight.”
“The Symphony Guild.”  She let that hang in the air while I made the connection.  Remember how in high school there was this group of cool kids?  And everyone knew who those cool kids were.  No one had to say anything, there was no sign, no official title, but there they were – the cool kids.  In Bern?  The cool kids are in the Symphony Guild.  And?  If your family runs one of the oldest and most successful businesses in Bern, then much of the Guild is made up of Grubers.
“Am I invited?”
“Yes.  A new waltz gown is hanging on your closet.  Viennese.”
“So, let me sum up the last half hour of conversation.  Much of Emil’s family will be in the castle tonight, and you thought I might be uncomfortable about attending.  Since you now assure me all is forgiven, I should feel better about joining in.”
“Yes.”
“Thank you.”  I poured us each a glass of wine and raised my glass.  “To a very good friend.”
“My pleasure.”
We spent another half hour in the basement.  I asked about her sister, and when Ellen would be flying to Minneapolis to shop.  Ellen wanted to know about my new company.  We talked.  We stopped after one glass of wine – she had to deal with caterers and I had to dress – but the wine was good, as was the conversation.  I wasn’t sure if my big sister was giving me the complete story, but I was sure she was trying to help.  That felt pretty good.
What do I say about the evening with the Guild?  
You hear symphony, and you think “formal.”  Maybe “stiff.”  Add the word “Vienna,” and you take “stiff” to a whole new level.  Start with my gown.  White.  I can’t name the fabric, but it is a matt white, sleeveless, tight bodice, with a partially flared floor length skirt that felt like it was starched.  Maybe that was the best descriptor of the evening – “starched.”  The outfit came with long white gloves, and white sandals with three inch heels.  No corset, but it seemed to come from that era.  I wore my tiara.  It seemed right for such an evening.
I waited until I heard music, and then went down.  The castle was packed.  Three hundred people easy.  All the women in white Viennese waltz gowns, all the men in black tuxedos.  Most of the food and drinks were in the entrance hall (it’s about eighty by eighty with the three story staircase rising around it).  The Great Hall is a hundred something by two hundred something.  That’s where the music and dancing were.  About forty members of the symphony were in one corner of the Great Hall.  The waltzing was well under way.
A word about the Viennese Waltz.  Assume you wanted to take all the fun out of dancing.  How would you do that?  You would turn a waltz into a Viennese waltz.  Couples keep an arm’s length apart, backs straight, chins up (very “up”), and eyes fixed over the right shoulder of their partner.  God forbid they actually look at each other while dancing.  Smiles?  Not a chance.  Dance partners on a wind-up toy are more relaxed.  Footsteps?  Don’t get me started.  Each step, each turn, looks like it has been measured to the millimeter.
Why do people choose the Viennese waltz?  I guess just to prove they can.
That’s what I walked into.  I hadn’t had dinner, so I hit the food tables in the entrance hall, had a few things I was careful not to get on my dress, and took a glass of white wine.  I knew many of the people, so I said hello, shook some hands, curtseyed in my stiff white gown, and actually had some pleasant conversations.  As near as I could tell, Ellen was right – no great anger at me, and some people who seemed genuinely pleased I was there.
After about a half hour of cheese and small talk, I tried the Great Hall.  There had to be fifty couples out on the dance floor.  None of them looked like they were having fun, but then, that seemed to be the purpose of the Viennese waltz.  I worked my way around the perimeter of the dance circle, talking to people I knew, and being introduced to others.  Mostly I was enjoying myself.
At some point I was introduced to one of the conductors for the symphony.  He looked it.  Longish hair, piercing eyes, he looked like a guy used to giving orders and reading in the paper that he had been “Brilliant.”  For some reason, he decided he was now my companion.  One hand went to the small of my back and stayed there as he introduced me to people connected to the symphony.  I met the music librarian, the public relations director, and two visiting conductors.  If any of them were famous, I am sorry – I don’t remember any of their names.  They seemed nice enough.  We talked for a moment, and then we moved on.
Somewhere in there, he asked me to dance.  Sorry, that doesn’t describe it.  We have gotten to the edge of the dancers, he has taken my gloved hand, raised it, and somehow raises his head at the same time.  Chin up, he looks at me like the Kaiser looked at the Kaiserina (or whatever she was called), and says “If you please…” He bows, I do a very deep curtsey, and we are off.
A couple things occur to me pretty soon.  First, he is performing.  Somehow, in a gaggle of fifty couples, it is clear he assumes all eyes are on him.  Somehow his turns are better, or his posture more erect, or maybe, since he is a conductor, all eyes ought to be on him just because of that.  Me?  For the first minute or two he leads with a fairly strong hand on my back, but once he is sure I am following, his hands lighten up, and he is barely touching me.  His eyes of course are looking over my shoulder, so I have this odd feeling I am dancing with a guy who is barely aware I exist.
But, he doesn’t step on my feet, and I don’t trip over my dress, so I guess I got about as much out of a Viennese waltz as there is to get.  We do the big circle, he makes bigger and bigger turns (after all, he is the star of the show), and eventually the dance ends.  We both applaud, and I start looking for a waiter with a wine tray.  But no, he is in the center of the circle, the center of attention, and he keeps a hand on my back to hold me where I am.  The world needs time to look at him and admire his prowess.
“You waltz in the U.S.?”
“No, not ever.”
“Well, you have very good posture.”  (Now there’s a way to sweep a lady off her feet.)
“Thank you.”  I am looking around for wine.  It must be clear to him I am ready to move, taking him out of the spot light.
“What dances do you enjoy?”  I am pretty confident he has no interest in my answer, but just asking keeps us center stage a bit longer.
“I enjoy line dancing.”
“Line dancing?”  The man is baffled.
“Let me show you.  You can tell the world…” I quietly sing the first few lines from Achy Breaky Heart and start sliding over in a vine step.  I go as far as ‘Don’t tell my heart, my achy breaky heart’ and suddenly I hear one of the violins playing the song.  Maestro is staring at me like I have lost my mind, but when he hears the violin join me, he starts alternating between peering at me and at the violin player.  His head is on a perfect swivel.
Then I hear, “I know that song,” and two young women have joined me.  A more mature me would have stopped at that point, but the real me just did a shuffle step and turned into another vine, my hands down by my hips pulling my skirts up an inch or two so I can get one foot behind the other without tripping.  Now there are four women in line with me, and one young guy who looks at his friends and says “Cowboy music.”  I only know the first verse of the song, so I start it over again, and just keep dancing.  A second violin joins in, as does a snare drum.  Eat your heart out Dallas, we are line dancing in Bern.
Of course there is a limit to how many times you can sing the same verse.  I ran it through one more time, and then waved to the violin.  “Thank you.”  All the other line dancers now wanted to talk to me.  Two had been to bars in the U.S. and seen line dancing there; the others had seen it in movies.  They were pretty excited.  The spectators?  There was a pause, and then pretty serious applause.  After seeing robots do the Viennese waltz, maybe they were just happy to see people who smiled and moved with some life.
And yes, that was pretty much the highlight of the evening for me.  I walked over and thanked the musicians.  I think they were even more tired of Viennese waltzes than I was.  We had a short conversation, and then I left the dance floor.  What happened to maestro?  I lost track of him.  So sad.  Over the next hour I had two glasses of wine, talked to some more of Emil’s relatives, and showed a few women how to step through a vine.  Or, put another way, the evening was not nearly as dull as I had feared.
They were still waltzing when I climbed the stairs to my room.  I’d had enough.  It had been a long day.  Up in my room, did I spend the time before sleep thinking through Ellen’s comments or revisiting conversations I’d had with Emil’s family?  No.  I hung my dress and inspected every inch of it.  My best guess was that gowns like that went for something like five hundred or a thousand dollars.  Had I spilled anything?  If I had a stain on it I would never forgive myself.  I looked front and back, top to bottom.  Then I looked again.  When I was sure the dress was safe from my wine drinking, I lay back in bed and slept like I had just won a major victory.  A white dress, worn all evening, and I had kept it clean.



Chapter 7
Sales Pitch Day 3 - Kurt

Kurt’s day.  What the hell?  And he’s bringing his wife.  So we can exchange recipes?  Leave her home, and I know exactly what we could do.  I’d do it in a heartbeat.  But he’s bringing Charlotte.  So, we have a very cordial dinner and discuss the Bern social scene?  I have no idea why Willa has arranged this dinner.  Truth be told, I also have no idea why I am agreeing to it.  Curiosity?  I confuse the hell out of myself pretty frequently.  This was definitely one of those times.
Dinner is at seven.  What do I do until then?  Breakfast and lunch with Ellen, two tours with Johann.
At breakfast, Ellen gives me eggs and toast and wants to know about line dancing.
“You know what I think about the Viennese waltz.  It is like statues mating.  I love to waltz, but not like that.  One of the conductors asked me about dancing in America, and I showed him.”
“Achy breaky heart?  I would given anything to see it.  Formal gowns, a castle, an orchestra, and you are singing and dancing to Billy Ray Cyrus?”
“I was more mumbling than singing.  A violinist picked up the song pretty fast.  And several other women and one guy joined my line.  It was all over in five minutes.  They were back to statue dancing before I had my second glass of wine.”
“I wonder if anyone has it on Facebook.”
That’s about as far as that conversation went.  Johann came down for his breakfast.  He gave me a quick inspection.  Yes, I was wearing a castle dress (green.  I thought it would go well with all the new Christmas decorations), and yes, I was wearing the society’s tiara (the day before, I had let a couple Korean girls try it on.  They practically went out of their minds).  Our groups for today?  Brits in the morning, Russians in the afternoon.  Not my favorite groups, but they would fill the day.
The Brits?  Retirees, mostly men.  I haven’t had much success with Brits in the past.  They always arrived assuming their castles were better than ours, so they would glance around, and then find a comfortable place to sit while the tour guide gave the standard talk.  Forty five minutes after they arrived, they were out the door.  Not this group.  Retired engineers.  They wanted a tour of the basement.  And no, they didn’t care about where the lock up had been, and they seem offended by the wine cellar (the paneling covered the stone walls).  They wanted to inspect (and practically weigh and measure) each of the pillars that supported the castle.  They informed me the castle had been built in three different stages, two by competent architects, and one by a guy who was a complete loss.  The north turret would be falling into the courtyard within a decade.  The rest of the place was probably good for another century or two – if well maintained.  They would be texting their recommendations to the historical society.
I waited for them to present a formal bill for services.  Instead, they took a quick walk through the main level of the castle, and then got back on their bus.  I went out into the courtyard to look at the north turret.  Should I warn people about where to park their cars?
At lunch Ellen showed me a YouTube video she had found.  And yes, it showed us line dancing (does anything happen on earth that is not on YouTube?).  It was shot from a distance so you couldn’t hear me singing.  Thank God.  But I liked the way I looked.  Lots of hip action as I did the shuffle step and turn.  Had Klaus been there, I bet I would have gotten his attention.  Ellen showed it about five times as we ate our soup.  She thought it was funny.  I thought I looked better than I had feared.
Russians?  They arrived on time and left early.  Retirees.  Mostly women.  Several with walkers.  They made it as far as the Great Hall and then sat.  The tour guide stood and pointed at various portraits and armaments.  I stayed out by the door, serving as guide to the WC.  I did my job, they admired my tiara and loved when I curtseyed.  But forty five minutes was all they cared to stay.  When the last went out to the bus, I climbed the stairs to my room.
I still had time to call this dinner off.  Instead, I sat on my bed and texted my girls.  Nothing new to say, but when has that stopped a mother from texting her daughters?  Half an hour later I worked on my hair and makeup.  And, yes, when I was all done, I put on the tiara.  Why not?  As for a dress, I went with my blue waltz gown.  I thought I looked good in it.  Charlotte would probably come in something short and tight, but let her.  I would be dressed appropriately for someone who lived in a castle, even if just for a few days.
I was ready much sooner than I needed to be.  I quickly got bored sitting in my room, so I went downstairs to the entry hall.  There was a couch grouping in the corner.  I sat there with my phone and browsed through some websites to kill time.  Was I nervous?  Yes.  Kurt was the man I had briefly thought might replace Emil.  He hadn’t.  What was he now?  The guy who had married Charlotte and fired me.  The guy I hadn’t seen in almost two years.  The guy who had taken over Emil’s castle.  The guy who had taken over Emil’s company.  The guy I had climbed those stairs with and pulled into my bed.  The guy, well, the guy who had scheduled a dinner with me for reasons that made sense to him and Willa.  They sure didn’t make any sense to me.
He arrived precisely at seven.  Since he owned the building, he just walked in the front door, holding it open for Charlotte.  His looks hadn’t changed.  Late thirties, former soccer player on the Swiss national team.  A little over six feet, good hair, really good shoulders.  He was wearing a thousand dollar suit.  Under that suit were arms that had held me while we made love.  He smiled and stood for a minute looking at me.  I smiled back.
The woman at his side was a classic beauty.  Five nine or ten, maybe a size four, blond hair with a sheen from care by the finest salons in Bern (or Greece).  She handed Kurt a long, beige coat.  Under it she was wearing black silk.  Sleeveless, neckline scooped to just above her breasts, flared skirt to her knees, above black pumps with three inch stilettoes.  She knew where to shop and how to wear the best.  She was also smiling.  My, weren’t we happy to see each other.
I held my ground.  They came to me, Kurt laying the coat carefully across the couch before hugging me.  Hugging me briefly.  Charlotte did the same - briefly.  Charlotte and I complimented each other’s gowns, I told Kurt his suit was very nice, and then I moved them to the dining room before there were any awkward silences.
As we walked through the Great Hall, Kurt asked for my impression of the Christmas decorations.  I said they looked very natural.  Not much to say during the long walk across a really big room, but at least it was something.
Ellen was waiting for us in the dining room.  Three places had been set at the far end of the table, closest to the fireplace.  Kurt decided to seat us.  He even held out my chair – the one at the end – the head – of the table.  He and Charlotte would be taking the two chairs to my left.  He would sit closest to me, Charlotte to his left.  He held out her chair and then seated himself.  It was odd for me to be at the head of the table.  He owned the place.  But the seating arrangement did put him between Charlotte and me.  I guess that gave him space to serve as referee if we ladies started anything.
Conversation?  Sure.  We had some.  Ellen poured wine, and we commented on its quality.  Ellen served soup, and we commented on its taste.  Ellen served a course of pork and potatoes, and we agreed it tasted very good.  Ellen served the final sorbet  - guess what – we said it was nice.  Ellen poured a second glass of wine, and then left.  We agreed she had done a very good job.
Now what?  It was actually Charlotte who got things rolling.
“I understand you have started a new business.”
“Yes, I bought some farmland in a small town near Lake Superior. I put in several wells and got one bottling plant up and running.  Willa bought the company from me a few days ago.  Kurt, I assume that had your approval.”
“Of course.”  Maybe it had his approval, maybe it hadn’t.  Something told me his approval was unimportant.
“I understand we already have some wells in that area, don’t we Kurt?”  Charlotte suddenly had an interest in wells.
“Yes.”  It occurred to me he had put himself in an uncomfortable position.  He had to turn his whole head to talk to Charlotte and then turn completely the other way to talk to me.  Poor boy.
“There are three wells that date to Emil’s time.”  I kept my tone as light as I could.  “I had set up several more plants, but they are being rented out as warehouses now.”
“Yes.”  Kurt didn’t have more to say, and I didn’t push him.  (After all, I was a classy lady currently living in a castle.)
“Do you like living in a small town?”  Charlotte asked as if she might actually care about my answer.
“I was raised in a very small town.  They can be very pleasant.”
“But now you are back in Bern.”  There was something in Charlotte’s voice that made me think she was as confused by my presence as I was.  Interesting.
“Klaus Jergens invited me to Heidelberg to talk about the geology of my wells.  I was staying with him until a few days ago.”  Translation – relax honey, I am sleeping with another man.
“And now you are here.”  Clearly confused, and now unhappy.  My friend Charlotte wants an explanation.  Wish I had one.  Had Kurt told her nothing?  Or is he as confused as she is?
“Aunt Willa invited me to visit for a few days.  I will be leaving in a day or two.”
“I think she may ask you to stay a little longer.”  So, Kurt does know something after all.  “I know she would like to discuss some company strategies with you.”
“Kurt, will you be involved in those discussions?”  Now I am sorry for Kurt.  He wants to look at me to see my reaction to what he has just said, but he has to turn the other way to respond to his wife.
“Willa has some ideas she would like to explore with Jessica.”
“But Kurt, you are president.”  Interesting comment for her to make.  She clearly wants to protect her husband’s position, but I am pretty sure she also doesn’t want him in the same room with me (and she shouldn’t.  I really like watching him move inside that suit).
“Some things are happening internationally that Jessica is especially equipped to handle.”  I would really like to know what those international things are, but I keep my mouth shut and watch Charlotte.
“Kurt, you speak four languages and have traveled the world.  And you are the head of this company.”
“I am the best salesman in Europe.  But the company is growing internationally.”  I heard pride in the first sentence, regret in the second.  What did Charlotte hear?  She took his hand.  Really.  She took his hand.  There was a woman under all the fashion labels – a woman who cared for her husband.  Now I would really feel bad if I pulled him into bed.  And I was pretty sure that wasn’t going to happen.
“You’ve done a good job for the company, Kurt.”  My turn to comfort the guy.  No, I did not take his other hand.  I didn’t even slip my hand under the table.  “Year over year sales gains approaching fifteen percent.  You’re the guy who took the market cap to a billion dollars.”  (The latter figure was no longer true, but hey, we were in the midst of a friendly dinner.  Why bring up a thirty percent drop in every family member’s wealth.)
“I’ve enjoyed my time as CEO.  Some things have gone well.  But I have to admit sometimes I miss turning cold calls into sales.”  Suddenly I felt the wind blowing from an entirely new direction.  Was he hinting the end of his time as CEO?
“I bet you still have lots of contacts from your time on the Swiss team.”
“We still play sometimes.  We beat the Munich Senior League champions 3-2 in September.”  And he was off, talking about that game, and then about other games in other places.  I listened, and Charlotte listened, and I think we were both wondering what would be next for this man.  No question, he sounded like a man who was planning the next stage of his life.
The candles were burning pretty low when Charlotte decided it was time for them to leave.  She took his hand, and we walked back toward the door.  I was a step behind, watching them.  She kept his hand, and they walked close.  When they turned to each other, there was a look of simple affection on their faces.  They hadn’t just married.  They had mated.  They were matched.  My chance to pull him into bed was gone.  
We stood at the door for a few minutes to talk about this and that – food mostly – and then I walked them out to their car.  He held the door for her, both of them moving like athletes as they got into their seats.  I hoped the north turret didn’t take that moment to fall. 



Chapter 8
Finally -Willa

And then there was Willa.  My fourth day in the castle was a normal day.  I had breakfast and lunch with Ellen, kind words from Johann, and two tour groups.  The first was Japanese, mostly young women, lots of giggles.  The second was from somewhere in Eastern Europe.  I never found out where.  The guide was running off in a million directions, being ordered around by everyone.  I just stood at the bottom of the stairs and did my fallback job – pointing to the WC down the hall.  
It was a cold morning.  I had worn my fourth castle dress – a green and red print that made me look like a Christmas tree, but it was heavy cotton.  I put a petticoat under it and a shawl around my shoulders, and I was still barely warm enough as I stood by that front door, a cold wind coming in with each visitor.
A large black car arrived for me as the second tour bus was leaving.  A middle aged woman in a gray business suit got out and announced Willa Gruber would like to see me.  The driver came around to open a door for me.  So, we were being formal.  I pulled my shawl tighter around my shoulders and got in.
The drive?  It was Switzerland.  Through the woods, up a valley, around a mountain.  Repeat.  Eventually we got to a large stone house squatting on the side of a mountain.  Beams on the second and third floors, grass growing on the gabled roof.  Maybe it had once been a barn.  If so, it had housed lots of cows.  Now it housed one rich old lady.  A lady who wanted me to see how well she lived, a lady who wanted home court advantage for our discussions.
The driver opened my car door.  A butler opened the huge front door and waited while the business suit lady and I climbed a dozen or so stone steps.  I guess I was to notice how many people Willa employed.  Mostly I just noticed stones as I yanked up my skirt and climbed stair after stair.
There were more stairs inside.  Deep oak.  Wide.  I think we passed a ballroom.  A library went by on one side.  Business suit lady just kept climbing, so I did too.  I think the intention was I would reach Willa impressed and exhausted.   Mostly I was just annoyed.
We finally made it to a small sitting room.  It faced the front of the house, which meant the windows gave views of the Switzerland you see in travel posters or on chocolate bars.  Willa was waiting for us, sitting on a small couch.  She was dressed in navy blue satin, half sleeves with ruffles at the elbows, a slightly scooped neckline, and flared skirts that slid well down past her knees.  Two strings of pearls surrounded her neck.  She looked like she was dressed for an evening event.  My thought was good, this meeting will be short.  It wasn’t.
Willa patted the seat next to her.  I sat.  The business suit lady stood waiting for orders.
“Ask Eloise for tea, please.”
So yet another person worked there.  Would Willa parade all of them past me?  I arranged my skirts and loosened my shawl.  The house might be old, but it was comfortably warm.  And yes, I was sweating after all the stairs.
“Thank you for coming to see me.”  Willa smiled pleasantly, pretending this had somehow been my choice.  We were sitting close (it was a small couch), and she even patted my hand.
“Thank you for the invitation.”  I could pretend just as well as she could.  Mostly I was pretending I was not out of breath.
We sat silently while we waited for tea.  It arrived so fast it was obvious the maid had been told well in advance what Willa would want.  She set a small table at our knees, poured the tea, then left, pulling two pocket doors closed behind her.  We would have privacy.  
“So, tell me about Klaus.”  Willa handed me a cup and saucer.  I wondered if I should drink it with my pinky raised.  “Has he called?  Have you?”  It was not a very large couch, so when we turned to talk to each other, our knees met.  Our skirts also over lapped.  I think mine filled more of the seat.
“No, he has not called me, and I have not called him.  We were just getting to know each other when you brought me here.”  Yes, I was complaining.  I think I had good reason.
“Hopefully he will visit you in Bern.  It’s better if he sees you here, gets to know you in this place.  He should see you in your castle.  It will build his respect for you.”
“I shouldn’t be here, Willa.  I should still be with him in Heidelberg.  Or I should be back in Wisconsin.  The only one who wants me here is you.”
“Jessica, many people want you here.  Yes, I forced you.  But was being here all bad?  You got to see old friends, and they got to see you.  You had fun.  And yes, I have seen the video of your dance.  You fell back into your old position instantly.  And you liked it.  The tiara on your head announces it to the world.  You are mistress of the castle, the queen of Bern.  More importantly, I hope you were reminded you have a family here.”  
I noticed she never picked up tea for herself.  Instead, one hand went to my shoulder, the other to my knee.  They had to be two of the boniest hands in Europe, but she wanted to touch me as she talked.
“I have a family in Wisconsin.”
“And a family here.  Yes, the family didn’t treat you well when you interfered in Kurt’s marriage to Charlotte.  Families do that.  They fight.  They say stupid things.  But they are still family.  You have had three days to spend time with your Bern family.  Emil’s family.  Your family.  The workmen will be coming next week to combine three of the second floor rooms into an apartment for you so you have a Bern home.”
“I don’t want that.  Really.”  I set my tea cup on the table and took the hand on my knee.  “I made Emil a promise.  I would develop the water resources near Lake Superior.  The world will need water soon.  I would provide some of it there.  That was my promise to him.  Now the company has taken over those wells.  Fine.  Let me have my old job as North American president, and I will go back where I belong and do what I was meant to do.”
“You will have an opportunity to see to those wells.  But first you must see to the company.”
“And how do I do that?”
“You already know one thing that has to happen.”
“What?”
“Jessica, you pretend you are just a bartender, a poor high school dropout.  Don’t pretend with me.  You know exactly what I am telling you.  I am certain you knew last night before the dessert was served.”
“And what happens to Kurt?”
“Kurt explained it all at dinner last night.  He will make a great sales manager for you.  By the way, he will never be in your castle after dark, or up on the second floor.  You will keep your hands off him.  Am I clear?”
“Yes.”
“I am serious, Jessica.  Decide if Klaus is the one.  If so, marry the man, and keep him close.  Leave Kurt alone.”
“And that’s what you want from me?  Leave Kurt alone, move into this new apartment, marry Klaus, and take over as CEO.”
“Emil wanted that, and he was right.  You should have been given the job upon Emil’s death.  My mistake.  I thought you needed time to grieve.  Kurt seemed a good second choice.  He wasn’t.  So, now we fix my mistake.”
“And?”
“What do you mean?”
“And now you tell me the real problem.  Shares don’t lose thirty percent of their value because Kurt isn’t the ideal CEO.  What’s going on?”
“The company is being robbed.  From the inside.”
“By whom?”
“Saanvi and Mathieu.  And we think some others.”
“And I am supposed to fix that.”
“If you don’t, the company will be eaten away from the inside.  In two years, maybe three, the company will be gone.  So, by the way, will be all your bottling plants.”
“I don’t need to deal with this.  Sell me back my Iron River properties, and let me buy the three plants over there that you are currently mismanaging.  I continue the Highway 2 project, and you deal with the insiders stealing from you.”
“And the rest of the family?  You will walk away from them?  You will let them lose everything?”
“You and Kurt were here when this all started.  You solve the problem you let happen.”
“No, Jess.  This problem is yours.  At its heart, this is all about you and Saanvi.  You are lovers.  You have been for years.  Wherever one went, the other followed.  That is why Emil sent Saanvi and Mathieu to Dubai.  It was his way to keep you two apart.”
Okay, that shut me up for a minute.  Yes, we had been lovers.  Almost from the first day we met.  We had been lovers for years, in Dubai and Bern and back in Wisconsin. And, I will admit, I was the one who initiated things.  I had gone to her.  I saw her, I wanted her, I loved her.  In truth, I am sure I will always love her.
I studied Willa’s face.  She knew.  And her reaction?  The hand that had been on my shoulder was now slowly stroking my hair.  
“Jessica, it’s okay.  I understand.”  Her hand continued to stroke my hair.  Her eyes?  I thought I saw sympathy.  
“Then you know why I can’t go to her.  It will not end well.  I… well, I am different around her.”
“You want her.”
“Yes.”
“Does she want you?”
“Yes.  At least I think so.”
“Jessica, all this started because Emil needed to keep her away from you.  It may not be fair, but it is true.  Now she is destroying this company, and ultimately this family.  I need someone to go talk to her, and stop her.  If I don’t send you, who do I send?”
“Willa, I don’t think you know what you are asking.”
Willa put a hand on my cheek and turned my face so we were staring eye to eye, our faces almost touching.
“Jessica, I think I do know what I am asking.”
She was this tiny white haired old lady.  I looked down into her eyes.  I understood what she was telling me.  I appreciated the honesty.  But I didn’t think it mattered.
 “Yes, I love Saanvi.  If she were in Bern I would be with her in a minute.  But, our love?  She rules.  She wins.  Saanvi has beaten me so many times and so many ways.”  
I felt myself back away from Willa.  My back was pressed up against the wooden armrest.  Not much room to back away.
“Jessica, you two are lovers.  Make that work.”
“You have no idea how frightened I am, even to think about it.”
“While you are gone I will make sure they do a fabulous job on your apartment.  I will even arrange your wedding to Klaus if you like.  When you come back, you will come back as queen of Bern.”
“You are making me queen, but first I must kill the dragon.”
“You don’t have to kill her, but you do need to shut down her operation.  Find out how she is stealing from us.  Help us stop this before the company is gone.  Come to the office tomorrow, and I will give you all the details.”
“Can you give them to me now?”
“Now Klaus is waiting in your castle.  Ellen has put a bottle of champagne in your room.  Celebrate with your man.  You are the new CEO of Naturale.”



Chapter 9
Klaus

Very clever of Willa.  Don’t give me any time to think.  Certainly don’t give me any time to think about Saanvi and what a confrontation with her might be like.  No.  Put me in a car and send me running up the castle stairs to Klaus.  And that’s exactly what I did.  She was right.  Klaus was waiting for me.  I hurried up the stairs, skirts in both fists, and found him standing near my bed.  His suitcase was near my closet, his overcoat folded over the case.  He hadn’t unpacked or hung his coat.  Clearly, he wasn’t sure if it was allowed.  I took a couple steps into the room and stopped.  I looked at him.  He looked at me.  I waited.  If he wanted me, he had to come for me.  Girl’s rule.  He needed to step to me, touch me, take me.  He was just a step away, but he hesitated.
“You look different.”
“The dress is silly.  It makes me look like a Christmas tree.  And the tiara is something the historical society likes me to wear when I give tours.”
“It’s not the clothes or the crown.  It’s you.”  He stared at me.  I tried to understand the expression on his face.  Confusion?  “You are standing differently.  You hold your head differently.  You are taller.”
“I will need to be.”  He was within arm’s reach.  I waited for his arms.  And he took the final step to me, his arms around my shoulders.  I wrapped my arms around his waist and stretched up to kiss him.  To hell with girl’s rule.  I could kiss him first.
“Your cook – Ellen – brought up some champagne.  She said you would want to celebrate.  Celebrate what?”
“Ellen is our cook, and my friend.  You will like her.  Willa wants us to celebrate.  We can talk about that later.  For now, just hold me.”  And he did.  I pushed my face against his neck and kissed him again.  “Tighter, Klaus.  Tighter.”  
He did.  Then he lifted me off the floor and threw me onto the bed.  He lay over me for a moment, I think checking for my reaction.  When he saw my smile, he pushed up my skirts, pulled down his pants, and was in me as soon as he had my panties ripped off.  He did a damn fine job.  He pushed my temperature up plenty.  So, a surprise.  My professor friend can be spontaneous.  My professor friend had some interesting moves.
And then he did the perfect thing.  After he came, rather than roll off me, he stayed on me and in me, his face just above mine, his arms holding me, his hand at the back of my head.  He held me tight.  Geologists must lift a lot of rocks.  He held me and kissed me.  Then he raised his head just above mine again.
“Jess, I want you to be my wife.”
“I don’t know why men get down on one knee.  I like this position much better.”  I settled in under him, and waited.  I was pretty sure he had more to say. 
“I was astonished you were willing to come to Heidelberg.  I couldn’t believe how beautiful you looked when you got off that plane.  I worried that my apartment was too small, my office too cramped.  When you stayed with me each night, I wondered what miracle had come my way.”
“I like your apartment.  It has a great view of the river.”  I paused.  Did I tell him we would never live there?  I decided to wait.  “We have a great deal to talk about, but let me tell you how to love me.  Touch me.  Take my hand, touch my hair or my face.  Hold me.  Tighter is better.  Kiss me.  Listen to me, at least mostly.  And tell me you want me.  I need to hear that.  And, at least once a week, throw me onto our bed.  You really did that well.”  I pulled his head down and kissed him.
“Is that a ‘yes’?”
“You need to ask me one more time.  After you know a great deal more about me, and after I get back”
“Back from where?”
“I am being sent on a quest.  I am to take over the castle, and save the village, but first I must kill a dragon.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I am being too clever.  I have lots to tell you, but it can wait until I initiate you into the Jessica Shower Ceremony.”
I pushed him off me and finished getting undressed.  He needed to know how to shower with me, and now was the right time.  How did he do?  Not bad for a novice.  Good hands, nice kisses, not enough holding me against the wall.  But he had promise.  And he seemed eager to practice more in the future.
We took our time getting dressed.  I stretched it out by having him help me into a corset.  He had earned the right to play with my laces.  I faced him, so he was working around me as he pulled the cords tighter.  I told him “tighter” once or twice, but he got the general idea fast enough.  I had my arms around his waist and my head on his shoulder.  We felt good together.
I couldn’t remember what group would be in the Great Hall, but to be safe, I told him to wear a tux.  I put on my blue satin ball gown.  Klaus gave me plenty of help with my zipper.  I will also give him credit for patience as I worked on my hair and makeup.  He stood right behind me.  I loved the look on his face reflected in my mirror.
 When I was ready, I stood and took his hand.  
“We need to talk, and I need to show you some things, starting with the castle.  Have you been here before?”
“After my first board meeting, we came out here for dinner.  So I have seen the dining room, not much more.”
“It’s important that you see more.  Let me give you a tour.”
I took his hand and led him through the two upper floors first.  I didn’t tell him about the apartment project.  One thing at a time.  We looked at the bedrooms, and the smaller meeting rooms.  The floors were empty, quiet.  I liked that.  We could take our time and walk the hallways.  I am sure he was wondering why we bothered, but he was patient.  And he held my hand as we walked.  Good man.
Down on the main level, workmen were attaching more ornaments while the leaders of the day’s charity (one of the local medical groups) were beginning to arrive.  Klaus and I spoke with them briefly.  They invited us to join them for drinks.  I promised to check back later.  Then I continued the tour – entry hall, Great Hall, dining room, library, then down the far hallway and up the stairs to the south turret.  
It was really cold up there.  He had no coat, and I had left my shawl in the library, but he wrapped his arms around me, and we stood together as we looked at the sun hit the horizon to the southwest.  I guess I was testing him.  He had grown up seeing far more mountains than I had in Amberg.  Was he as impressed by this view as I always was?  He held me tight, and made no rush to get back inside.  My back was to him, and he pressed against me.  So, maybe he liked the view, maybe he liked the position.  Either way, I liked standing up there with him.
Next stop, the basement.  I led him down a million stone steps and then down a long hall to the wine cellar.  I wanted to stop here and talk.
“Klaus, let’s have a glass of wine.”  I sat at one of the tables.
“Any preference?”
“You choose.”  There were hundreds of bottles, but he made a fairly quick choice.  He found glasses and brought everything to our table.  I was actually more concerned about which chair he would select than which wine he would open.  He not only picked the chair next to mine, but he pulled it closer.  He poured two glasses and passed one to me.
“Is this where we celebrate?”
“This is where we talk.”  I sipped some wine.  
“Do I start?”  Klaus asked.
“If you like.”
“Willa said she might take you out for coffee.  She didn’t tell me she would take you off to Bern.  Nor did she say she would keep you here.  When I came home for lunch, there was a delivery man with a note from her.  Your suitcases were to go with the man.  I was to visit today.  I can’t say I was real happy.  It felt like she stole you from me.”
“She has a plan, and getting me here was part of the plan.  You and I will have to do our own planning from now on.”
“Does it involve me helping you with your wells?”
“More than that, if you wish.  Would you leave the university to work for the company?”
“I suppose the company could use a geologist.  I could apply for a position.”
“You could apply, or you could marry the company president.”
“Oh.”  He put down his wine glass and looked at me.  He also held my hand.  But he said nothing more.  I waited.  Then I filled the silence.
“I’m as surprised as you are.  About being CEO.  Not about the marriage.  Basically, you had me at the Packer game.  You understood first downs.  And you sat out in the cold.  And when your arm wasn’t around my shoulders, your hand was on my thigh.  I may be the simplest girl in the world.  Hold me, kiss me, tell me you love me, and I am yours.”
“I love you.  And I want you.  I’ll marry you tomorrow if you like.  I don’t understand about the company.  You are CEO?”
“Yes.  But first I have to earn it.  I have to go to Dubai and do something I really don’t want to do.  If I do it, I get the company and this castle.  Hopefully, I also get you.”
“You get me.  That is certain.  Hell, that is marvelous.  But now I am more confused.  Dubai?”
“You should know about Dubai.  It will help you decide if you really want to marry me.”
“Do you tell me now?”
“How long do I have you before you go back to Heidelberg?”
“You have me three days.  Then I must go back for two seminars and some student projects.”
“I will tell you before you leave.  And you can decide if you will come back to me.  Let me have tonight.  Let me have wine with you here, and dinner in our dining room.  Let me have time with you.”
He agreed.  He even talked, so I didn’t have to.  He told me what he liked about the castle.  His favorite room was our bedroom (the man was definitely a keeper), but he also liked the library and its fireplace.  He asked about the community groups using the Great Hall, and we talked about that for a while.  In the process we finished the bottle of wine.  He offered to open a second, but I said we should go to dinner.
The guy was such a gentleman.  He took my chair as I stood, and held my hand as we walked long halls through semi-darkness.  I showed him the back way to the kitchen, and we stopped to talk with Ellen for a moment.
“Could we eat up in the dining room?”  I asked.
“Does he know?”
“He knows.”  She smiled and said she would bring the food up.
While we waited for Ellen to prepare things, Klaus and I worked the Great Hall.  My castle, my job to make people feel welcome.  The Hall was now nearly filled with people from the medical society.  Not sure what charity they were pushing, but the men wore tuxes and the women had ball gowns.  Bern loves to dress up.  I talked with a number of people while I crossed the room, took a glass of white wine, and smiled.  I knew three of the women, and two of the men.  They told me how beautiful the castle was.  I told them how beautiful the women were.  A string quartet played (it almost seemed a requirement for such evenings).  There was plenty of wine and food and happy people.  
Eventually we finished with the required greetings, and we got to the dining room.  Ellen had been a marvel.  The chandeliers were off, the wall sconces on low, light came from the fireplace and two candelabras.  Dinner set for lovers.  We stood for a moment, appreciating the table.  Klaus was appreciating me.  Candlelight will do that.
“Jessica, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever known.”
“If you tell me that once a day, our marriage will last forever.”  I raised my arms and wrapped them around his neck.  He held me tight, one hand sliding up to the back of my head as we kissed, the other hand sliding lower and lower as we stood together.  The man was a keeper.
Ellen had set our places at the end of the table by the fireplace.  We sat side by side, the fire at our backs, our faces lit by candlelight.  We went through a second bottle of wine.  Ellen served our soup, and then brought up our main course.  At that point I sent her home with my thanks.
Our dinner table conversation?  We liked the music coming through our door, but I explained we would be living in a very public place.  Willa would be remodeling three of the rooms on the second floor into an apartment for us, but we still had the option of getting an apartment or home of our own.  But any home would be in Bern, not Heidelberg.  This would be our city.  Did he like living in a castle?  I tried to make my voice as neutral as I could.  Even with the company desks in the library, and the corporate display in the Great Hall, and the constant stream of tourists during the day and local groups at night, I wanted the castle.  This had been my home with Emil.  I could make it my home with Klaus.  I was sure of it.  
And Klaus?  He put down his fork, put a hand to my cheek, and said I looked beautiful in candlelight.  Good move, Klaus.  Good move.
The medical society was still filling the Great Hall when we finished dinner.  I took Klaus’ hand and we worked our way through the crowd. We stopped here and there to talk, but eventually we made it across the room and across the entry hall.  I picked up the front of my skirt and walked up the first few steps with some level of elegance, but by the midway point we were racing up those stairs.  We were breathless when we got to our room, and even more breathless as our clothes became a pile on the floor.



Chapter 10
Play Day

Klaus definitely missed me.  Wow.  We mauled each other half the night.  And, I would point out, when we weren’t climbing over each other, never once did he roll over and show me his back.  He slept (when he slept) with a hand on me, and generally more than that.  At some point in the night I got up and put on a long satin nightgown.  He spent the rest of the night, and most of the morning, sliding it up and down over my skin.  He seemed to love that.  I know I did.
We were in no rush to get out of the bed in the morning.  I knew Johann had at least one tour group down there (we could hear it), but Johann knew I had Klaus up here.  He would handle his job; I would handle mine.  When we did finally get out of bed, I thought it was time to reintroduce Klaus to the Jessica Shower Ceremony.  I was pretty sure he would never shower alone again.
Noonish we finally started getting dressed.  Willa had asked me to come to the office and learn more about the Saanvi problem.  No chance.  I wanted a day with my man.  What to do?  I was convinced the old town part of Bern was just as good as the old section of Heidelberg.  I wanted him to see that, and do a little shopping, and eat in one of the beautiful cafes.  Mostly, I wanted him to take my hand and walk with me.
And that’s what we did.  We took his car and parked near the Bern Cathedral.  The Christmas market was there.  My first Christmas market, and the one I still thought was the best (not that I had seen many).  He held my hand, we drank hot chocolate, we strolled, we looked at one booth after another, we stood close.  
Eventually we were driven by hunger into one of the cafes.  We nearly had the place to ourselves.  I went with chocolate filled croissants, he took a sandwich.  We sat by ourselves near the windows.  It was quiet.  I started talking.
“Had you been involved in the company before you inherited your shares?”
“No.”
“Then let me start at the beginning.  About eight years ago, the CEO of Naturale was Elias Gruber.  About your age.  Bright, and ambitious.  He decided to start expanding into North America.  His product would be bottled water.  He picked Amberg, Wisconsin for the water and the plant.  He came to town one September, pretending to be a fisherman, but was really there to check things out.  He stayed at a fishing lodge where I worked part-time.  We met.  Over the next two years we fought like crazy, but we were also really in love.  He was the man who first got me to Bern.  I lived in his apartment for months.  For much of that, I was his maid.  Strange relationship.  But, I loved the hell out of the guy, and he loved me.
“We got engaged, and he took me to Dubai – another expansion he wanted to make.  Like I said, very ambitious.  He had a maid in Dubai, a woman named Saanvi.  He thought she would be very helpful to him.  She spoke English and Arabic and was picking up German fast.  But none of that mattered.  What mattered was her looks.  When I first saw her, I was certain she was a film star.  I am still convinced she is the most beautiful woman in the world.
“And, I was smitten.  I have never had feelings for a woman before, but the first day I was in Dubai I had my arms around her.  The minute Elias was out of the apartment, I was all over her.  And she used it.  She got me to follow her to a house out in the desert, and she left me there, a prisoner to her old family.  Back at the apartment she made it look like I had run off to India.  That’s where Elias looked for me.  He couldn’t find me, but Saanvi was right there with him, always so helpful, and so beautiful.  They married.  She had a child by him.
“I married the man who held me prisoner, and I had a pretty good life until my husband and Elias were both killed by Iranians – collateral damage from a rocket attack on Saudis based near where Ibrahim and Elias were putting in a water system.  I went back to the U.S. and started life over again.
“Years pass.  With me so far?”  I paused.  He nodded.  I wasn’t sure how he was taking all this, but I decided I might as well finish what I had started.
“One morning Saanvi is at my trailer in Amberg.  She is living in Bern now.  She has married another Gruber – Mattieu.  She has three kids by Mattieu (now four), and one by Elias.  She has Elias’ money plus Mattieu’s and she is living the life of a queen in Bern.  What does she want with me?  The current CEO of Naturale is Emil.  He is doing a terrible job.  He will be shutting down the bottling plant in Amberg.  I need to help.”
“I am such an idiot.  I buy all this, largely because she is telling me all this while we are lying in bed.  I see her, I want her.  Doesn’t matter that she has taken Elias from me, and had me captive in the desert.  I see her, I want her, I do her bidding.  What does she really want?  She wants Emil out as CEO so Mattieu can take over.  Not that Mattieu should sleep easy.  He is twenty five years older than her, an age that will take him out of the picture so she can take over Naturale.
“I go see Emil.  We fight for over a week, and then we become partners.  He knows Saanvi is a problem, but he is sympathetic.  She was taken from her home at twelve to become a maid in Dubai.  Surely she was taken from her mother too soon.  So, rather than force Saanvi out, he sends her and Mathieu to Dubai.  I warn him, but he has a kind heart.  They have been there years now.  I don’t know what trouble she has caused, but it’s enough to worry Willa and convince Kurt he should resign as CEO.
“Jess, are you telling me this is the woman you have to go visit?  Whatever she has done, you need to fix it?”
“Yes.”
“Can I help?”
“You helped already by not interrupting, and not calling me a name.  You listened.”
“Can I go to Dubai with you?”
“No.  This is a dragon I need to slay myself.”  
I sat back and played with the crumbs of my croissants.  I had talked myself out.  I was tempted to look at Klaus, to see how he was reacting to my story, but I didn’t.  I pushed the crumbs around with my fingers and waited.
When his arm went around my shoulders, I turned into him and started crying into his chest.  It occurred to me I had never told the Saanvi story to anyone.  Somehow I had told it to Klaus. He held me while my tears dribbled onto his shirt.  I was not a complete mess.  I had a handkerchief out and my nose blown before I did anything really stupid.
After that display, it seemed best to leave the café.  We walked over cobblestones for a while, and then he asked where I wanted to go next.  Gurten.
I know everyone has a favorite place to go in the winter.  Some ski hill or lake.  The snow covers everything, and it looks white and fresh.  Cold as hell, but you let that pass as you enjoy the beauty of the scene.  My favorite winter place is Gurten – a hill just south of Bern.  You park at the bottom and take a funicular (sort of a bus that climbs some tracks) up the hill.  
There is skiing up at the top of the hill, and restaurants.  We stood and watched the skiing for a while, his arm never leaving my shoulders.  Good man.  When it got cold, we went into Gurtners (“the restaurant for lovers”), got a table looking out over Bern, and started drinking gluh wine (heated wine that will get you much drunker much faster if you aren’t careful).  
I was completely talked out.  Klaus’ turn.  What does my lover tell me as we sit looking out at Bern, our view extending for miles?  He points out one mountain after another, tells me its age and its composition, plus how it has been weathered over time, and his best guess at what it will look like a million years hence.  Really.  Sitting in the restaurant for lovers.  Viewing one of the most perfect scenes on our good earth.  I reached out, took his hand, and told him how much I loved him.  And I did.  I was worried about the next coupled weeks.  He was telling me about the next million years.  You’ve got to love a guy like that, don’t you?
I’m sure I don’t have to tell you how the day ended.  We ate dinner, we drove home, we rocked the second floor of Gruber Castle.  No, the north turret did not fall, but I’ll bet it swayed.



Chapter 11
What has Saanvi been up to?

I was in no hurry to see Willa.  So, come morning, Klaus and I wrestled in bed for a while.  I was wearing a very nice satin nightgown that looked even better if one of the straps slid over my shoulder and down a bit.  I did it once for him, and then he got the idea.  Quick learner.  We practiced that move on one shoulder and then the other, and then the first again.  You know, practice makes perfect.  I loved looking up at that man.
I’m also pretty confident he now understood that showering alone was a big mistake.  I don’t know how big the hot water tank is in the castle, but I think with all the new rooms it must be pretty big.  And we tested its capacity pretty hard.  He had me pressed against the shower wall for half the morning (well, at least it felt like it).
My plan, once my hair was dry and my man had helped me dress (He knew exactly how to hold me against him while he reached behind me and slowly raised (and often lowered my zipper.)), was to do one more tour, and then go in to see Willa.  I put on my rust red castle dress with a petticoat under it (wider skirts to brush up against Klaus), asked Klaus to help with my tiara (mostly to have him stand close again), and got downstairs for a late breakfast.  
Johann was already there, halfway through his breakfast.  Klaus and I came down the stairs hand in hand.  Johann looked up, smiled, and moved over to make room for the two of us at the table.  I introduced Klaus to Johann and asked if Johann might give Klaus a tour of the castle later in the day.  I wasn’t sure how that was going to go, with one man interested in past centuries and the other in past eons, but that would be for them to work out.  At least for the moment, they seemed to think it was a good idea.
I spent a few minutes standing with Ellen at the stove, thanking her for a beautiful dinner.
“It’s been a while, Jess.”
“Yes.”
“Is he the one?”  She looked up from a skillet of eggs.
“Absolutely.”  She just looked at me with a big sister smile.
Our tour group that morning was from Germany.  Not many of those.  It’s not like Germany has a castle shortage.  Retirees.  Nice enough.  Johann was off with Klaus, so I took them through the castle.  They had a bit of trouble with my German (they called it Swiss German), but they got the main points. The highlight for them was the south turret, although I did hear a few saying the Austrian Alps were more scenic.  Some people are just never satisfied.
When they got back on their bus, I left my tiara up in my room, borrowed Klaus’s car keys, and drove in to town.  Our corporate headquarters is in the old part of town, which means everything is very attractive, but parking is a challenge.  I found a spot two layers down in the corporate garage, and then slowly worked my way up to the accounting department on the third floor.
Here’s the problem.  Willa says I am CEO.  I am not, obviously.  That requires a vote of the board of directors, and the next meeting isn’t for three weeks.  Of course it also assumes I can solve the Saanvi problem.  So, at best, I am CEO nominee.  As I take the stairs up one floor after another, I meet lots of workers.  What do they know?  If they smile and say “Hello,” are they being pleasant because they remember me from my years with Emil?  Or are they greeting their new boss?  Do I say anything about this?  No.  But I stopped on every floor and visited with people.  I hadn’t been gone that long.  I still remembered most names, and could even ask about family members of a few.  They asked about America, and said they were glad to see me again.  So, courteous – and very normal – conversations.  
Who knows about my upcoming promotion?  I make it up to accounting on the third floor, and still don’t know.  I run into a woman I know, and she points me to a conference room in the corner.  Is she surprised that I am wandering through her department after being gone nearly two years?  Apparently not.
When I get where she had pointed, my first thought is they need a bigger conference room.  Willa is sitting at one end of the conference table, her arms crossed, her face…  Well, if it is possible to have a “closed” face, that’s what I see.  She is looking, she is listening, she is not reacting.  She is looking at a series of PowerPoint slides projected on one wall, and listening to one of six younger men.  Each of them has a laptop and a stack of papers in front of them.  The table was designed for six people, not six accountants.  Their papers are spread here and there, over lapping each other.  That, by the way, is a very bad sign.  Accountants have the cleanest desk tops of any profession.  If you see more than one piece of paper on their desk, it means someone is being audited.  This crowd of laptops and papers means Switzerland is bankrupt, or Italy is invading, or one of our accounts doesn’t balance.
I let myself in, and closed the door behind me.  One of the accountants leaned over and locked it.  Really.  There was one chair in the corner of the room, and I took it.  Not a good day for full skirts.  I filled up a corner that already had a stack of folders and a tray of old coffee cups.
Willa pointed at me and said “Jessica Gruber.”  Apparently all the introduction I was going to get.  Then she pointed at the young men.  “Forensic accountants.”  Apparently all the introduction they were going to get, not that more was needed.  Hearing someone say “forensic accountant” was like hearing a doctor mention the mortuary.  There was a body in the room, and these guys were medical examiners.  In this case, what was left to determine was when the body died, and how bad the disease was.  Six forensic accountants?  Pretty bad.
I didn’t interrupt the PowerPoint show.  One of the accountants gave me a printout of the slides, turned to the twenty third slide – barely a third of the way through the deck.  Meanwhile, the guy doing all the talking went back to his explanation.
Two hours later (I swear it felt more like ten or twelve), they broke for sandwiches.  Willa still hadn’t said a word.  She got up, and I followed.  Her office was two floors up.  We took the stairs (did I mention she’s a tough old bird), and went straight to her office.  Door closed, she sat behind her desk, I sat in front.
“Twenty four million dollars.  The bastards stole twenty four million dollars.”  Willa didn’t shout, but she emphasized every syllable of “twenty four”.  It came out twen-ty-four.  I hadn’t seen her angry before.  It took an interesting form.
“Bastards plural, or bastards singular?  I assume Saanvi is all over this.  Is Mathieu?”
“His signature is on every purchase order and every contract.  If anything, he is the guilty one, and her just the fringe player.”
“I doubt that.  But tell me how they got it.” 
Willa’s mouth changed shape, like she had just tasted something sour.  “At first it was consultants.  It’s the Middle East, you assume they have to bribe this one or that.  But when the amounts got high, we sent someone to check.  He said the “consultants” were friends of Mathieu and not in a position to influence purchases.  So, the money was just being funneled from us to Mathieu through these people.  But he wanted more.  The guys downstairs are showing how he created his own supply companies and is now doing business with himself.”
“I am assuming you don’t want to pursue this legally.”  Yes, I know it was obvious, but I thought I should at least get that option out on the table.
“If we pursue this through the courts of the UAE, we have legal costs, but we also close out all income from the region.  It would take us years to restart sales, and it might not even be possible.  We aren’t the only water company in the world.”
“And I am to fix this.”
“Yes.”  I wish I could say I saw sympathy in her face as she looked at me.  There was none.  The tough old bird just stared at me.  She had given an order.  I was to follow it.
“Tell me about our stock prices.”  That got her attention.  You could see her hesitate before answering.
“Down again today.  More importantly, volume us up.  We are a family company with restrictions on share ownership.  Our finance office serves as middlemen, helping one family member sell to another family member.  Although over the years, ‘family’ has been extended by divorce, marriages, births, inheritances.  We have 686 shareholders at last count.  But still, we used to get maybe two sales a month.  Now we are getting five or ten a day.  People are selling, and waiting for buyers.”
“So you aren’t the only one who knows money is being stolen.”
“There are rumors.”
“What if there is a purpose to the rumors?  What if stealing from the company is just step one in a two step plot?”
“A plot to do what?”
“Saanvi wants to take over this company.  She might have Mathieu run it for a few years, but ultimately it will be hers.  She has told me this multiple times.  She can buy a lot of shares with twenty four million dollars.  She can buy even more shares if the price of our shares drop.”
“So she will buy our company with money she stole from our company.”
“She will need more than twenty four million.  I would guess she has some partners in this, and maybe some financing.”
“That’s my big worry, Jess.  That she isn’t alone.  I worry there are people here in Bern who are looking the other way at purchase orders or expense reports.  Family members, stealing from family members.”  
I was hoping to see anger or resolve in Willa’s face.  What I saw was fatigue.  She was too old for this.  It wasn’t fair.  This was Kurt’s problem to solve.  The fact that he wasn’t even in the room surely added an entire new level of stress for Willa.
“Don’t make things easy for her.  The fact that forensic accountants are in the building will scare the hell out of everyone.  Share prices will drop ten percent this week and more next week.  Don’t lie, but don’t advertise this problem either.  I’m not even going to go back into that conference room.  I will walk the building, talk to a few people, and mostly ask about Christmas.  You thank the accountants and send them back to wherever they came from.”
“The Czech Republic.”
“Good.  Smile, accept their report, and get them gone.”
“I have to tell the board.”
“Yes.  And don’t lie.  You brought in outside accountants, they found discrepancies, and you are now investigating further.  Be sure to explain that the discrepancies were only found in one region.  You don’t want them thinking that all our employees are crooks.  Most are doing good work.”
“And you’ll go to Dubai?”
“I’ll go tomorrow.”
“Fix this, Jessica.”
“Be aware that I might not be able to.  I will go to Dubai.  I will talk to Saanvi.  That is all I can promise.”  Looking at Willa, such a tiny lady behind that huge desk, I wish I could have been more encouraging.  I wish, hell, I wish a lot of things.  “Now.  Walk me out of your office and ask me about my kids and grandkids.”
And that’s what she did.  All smiles.  I even got out my phone and showed her some pictures of the kids.  Several other women happened to be in the area, and they also gathered to look at my pictures.  Kids.  They are always worth a look and a smile.
It took me half an hour to walk out of the building.  I showed kid pictures on every floor.  I also made sure to ask several people about women’s shops – did they still go to X?  I explained that would be my next stop.
And I did buy clothes.  It drives me crazy.  I have a million dresses, but they always seem to be in the wrong place.  So I spent the rest of the afternoon in the shops, buying clothes for Dubai.  Covered shoulders, covered knees, neckline, well, near the neck.  I looked a lot like American women from the nineteen fifties.  In between fittings I made plane reservations, and I also texted Saanvi.  I would be in Dubai, did she have time…  She got back so fast I am sure she bruised some electrons in the process.  She would meet my flight.
Back at the castle, I had a funny reaction.  I had a large armload of dress bags to get up to my room.  Klaus was waiting for me, a big smile on his face.  I am sure the goof wanted to get laid.  He got a kiss while I packed.  I explained I would be flying to Dubai in the morning.  Here’s where it got odd.  I wasn’t sure how much to tell him about the embezzlement.  He was on the board, so he would find out at the next meeting.  But he was also my fiancée, so I should be able to tell him all about this, right?  Or was I not right?  What did I share with the man in my bed?
In the end, I made it all about Saanvi.  I had told him that story the day before, so I just added to it.  She was embezzling some money, and I was going to find out more about it.  I left it there.  No mention of the amount.  No mention of where the theft might lead.  Why not say more?  I have no good explanation.  Maybe it was just too soon.
I tried to make it up to him at dinner.  One of the dresses I had bought was a yellow satin evening gown.  Sheath cut, I could barely get it over my hips.  While I pulled it up, I leaned into Klaus to have him do my zipper.  He worked while I kissed his neck.  I had him half crazy, and kept him that way while we had dinner.  
The charity that night?  Some children’s group.  Lots of dads seemed to like watching me walk through the Great Hall.  Klaus kept a hand on my lower back, a hand that slid lower the minute we got into the dining room.  We stood and necked just inside the door.  Eventually we ate dinner, and eventually we climbed the stairs back to my room.  Klaus seemed very pleased that he could finally take me out of that dress.



Chapter 12
Saanvi has a Boat

Funny thing about that night.  Klaus was all over me.  I slid into one of my nicer nightgowns, and we went at it pretty good.  But even with the guy right on top of me, his hands doing everything I could ask for, I found myself thinking about Saanvi.  Did I have her figured out?  Was this the moment she took over the company?  Was this all about the stock price?  And, well, what was it going to be like to see her again.  To touch her again.
I had an early morning flight, but I got up even earlier than I needed to.  I showered alone.  Klaus was still asleep.  And I was happy with that.  I had things to do.  Like my hair.  Why was I born with such a mousey brown mop?  I took forever with a hair dryer and comb, and when I was done – still, just a mousey brown mop.  Makeup.  Sure I used some.  But that morning, it was not so much how much I used, but how carefully I applied it.  I have never applied eye liner so slowly.  Blush – too much, too little, too high on my cheekbones?  Every cosmetic felt like a life and death decision.  I stared into that mirror like it held the secrets of the universe as I put on my lipstick – after taking forever to pick a shade.
By now, Klaus was up, and hovering.  He played a bit with the back of my hair.  When I finally stood up from my dressing table, he wanted a hug – okay – and a kiss – not okay.  I wouldn’t let him touch my face.  When he pressed himself against me, I smiled, but pushed away.  I was thinking about the dress I would wear, and how it would look when I met Saanvi.
The dress?  Yellow silk.  It had cost nearly five hundred dollars.  Long sleeves, a-line skirt two inches below my knees.  It covered everything, but nothing.  The silk flowed around me, subtly highlighting my breasts and hips.  And when I moved, it was like a silk wind across my thighs and ass.  Saanvi would notice.
I accessorized like I never had before.  Shoes, bag, ear rings, my favorite pearl necklace.  I stared into my mirror, examining every detail.  Klaus was quickly dressed, and then stood for nearly an hour watching me.  He started a couple conversations, but I gave him one-word responses.  I worked in silence.
I let Klaus take my bags to the car.  They were huge and heavy.  I was not traveling light.  I did not know how long I would be gone, or what I would be doing, so I packed for everything.
On the drive to the airport he asked the obvious questions – how long would I be gone, what would I like him to do during this time…  I had no real answers.  I told him I might be gone a few days.  I might be gone a few weeks.  It might even be longer.  He should return to Heidelberg.  Teach his classes.  I would come to him there.  He drove with one hand on my silk skirt.  I smiled and told him I would miss him.
We hugged at the airport after my bags were checked through.  Still no kiss.  I told him I loved him, and then I walked away.  Not the most romantic parting.  I should have apologized for that.  But I was off to security and then to my gate.
My first flight was to Frankfurt.  It feels like every flight goes through there.  Then an Emirates flight to Dubai.  I had gotten an early start, but still, Dubai was a five hour flight, and five time zones away.  It would be dark when I arrived.  I flew business class, plenty of food to eat and a wide screen to watch movies.  I nibbled on this and that, and sat thinking.  I didn’t have one problem to solve, I had two.  How much danger was Emil’s company in, and how much danger was I in, getting so close to Saanvi. Every time I moved my legs and the silk slid across my thighs, it was the Saanvi problem I considered.  But I hadn’t solved the Saanvi problem in the last eight years.  I certainly didn’t during the five hour flight.
Saanvi wasn’t waiting for me at the airport.  No surprise.  Saanvi didn’t come to you, you came to Saanvi.  She had two people waiting for me – a fairly large man, Tomas, and a cheery young woman, Krista.  Krista’s sign just said “Jessica.”  I walked toward her, but she had already identified me.  She was on me in a heartbeat, her arms around me.
“Jessica, it is so good of you to come all the way to Dubai.  Saanvi is so excited.  She is really looking forward to your visit.  We have been preparing for you all day…”  She is saying all this with her arms around me, and her face an inch from mine.  Either she was nearsighted, or very friendly.  She was this fountain of conversation as Tomas took my bags (thank god), and we walked to their car.  What did I learn?  My dress was fabulous.  The weather in Dubai was fabulous.  The traffic in Dubai was not so fabulous, but Tomas was a fabulous driver.
They took me to a massive BMW.  I guess if you have stolen twenty four million dollars, you can treat yourself to a nice Beemer.  While Tomas put my bags in the trunk, Krista opened the back door, slid in, and then pulled me in.  Her hand seemed locked to mine.  She also decided that even though there was room for ten or twelve in the back seat, she should sit tight against me.
“Saanvi has told me so much about you.  And she is right.  You are truly beautiful.”  She is turned toward me, and takes her free hand across me to play with my hair.  “Do you mind?  Just a touch here or there.”  Whatever the airport wind has done to my hair, she is now undoing.  Her face is also almost on mine again.  Big smile.  A very pretty, very happy, twenty year old.  Summer intern?  Playmate for Mathieu?  For Saanvi?  She smiles and then kisses me.  “Hope you don’t mind.  I just had to.  You are so beautiful.” 
I wish I could say I had some brilliant response, but I had nothing to say, not that it mattered.  She filled the air for both of us.  
“You have to tell me where you found that dress.  Buying for Dubai is so difficult.  You need to cover so much.  Of course I am culturally sensitive.  I understand.  But still, it is so hard to look, well, to look like you do.” At this point she is all over my dress, playing with my skirt, then sliding a hand up my arm.  I’m not sure where Tomas is taking us, but I think if we don’t get there soon, we are going to be making out in the backseat. 
It is ten o’clock local time, but even this late, traffic is backed up at the airport, and slow on major roads.  We cross Dubai Creek while Krista decides maybe my hair needs a little more attention.  Of course that leads to another kiss.  I am wondering about all this enthusiasm, while also wondering where we are going.  My last trip with Saanvi ended up out in the desert.  This time we seem to be edging toward the Gulf.
“I understand you are from America.  I was there once.  Florida.  Do you live near there?”
“No, I live in Wisconsin.”  Her face is still just an inch from mine.  Really.  She has to be nearsighted.
“Is that near California?  I want to visit California next.”
“Wisconsin is in the middle – north of Chicago.”
“Oh, is that cold?  It’s beautiful here.  You are really going to like it.”  
Meanwhile, I’m wondering where we are going.  Dubai is endless huge apartment buildings.  We pass the new ones near Dubai Creek (it’s actually a river).  No, not here.  We are getting closer to the Gulf.  Beautiful homes near the water.  No, not here.  We take a big turn and head straight for the docks.  There are three monster cruise ships along the water.  Is that where we are headed?  Strange place to meet, but I liked the idea.
While Krista continues the weather report, Tomas makes a couple more turns and we drive past the cruise ships to a row of yachts.  I’m still guessing at how many hundreds of passengers each yacht could handle, when Tomas parks next to one.  
Saanvi has a yacht.  Not the largest, but certainly not the smallest.  Blindingly white over a blue hull.  I can see three levels above the water, and a half deck above for the bridge.   I am guessing crew at the lowest level, then guest cabins, then main rooms, and captain’s area above.  I am also guessing I will be learning much more about this boat soon.  Saanvi is standing at the railing, looking down at us.
Krista takes my hand, Tomas takes my luggage, and up we climb to the main deck and Saanvi.
“You were right, Mrs. Gruber.  She is so beautiful.”  Krista is still holding my hand as we stand opposite Saanvi.
“Thank you for receiving her.  I will call you soon.”  The two kiss, and then Krista is back to the car.  Apparently she has keys, and off she goes.  Tomas, meanwhile, has taken my bags down some stairs.  It is just me and Saanvi.
“Nice boat.”  I know, dumb thing to say, but I had to say something.
“I hope you will like it.”  At this point she stops.  She looks at me, but of course the real reason to pause is for me to look at her.  I am to appreciate her.  And, truthfully, I do.
Saanvi was always tall and thin, and five children had not changed that.  She is five nine.  I am five seven.  For all my fussing that morning, I hadn’t thought to wear higher heels.  She’s perched on four inch stilettoes.  I am up on two inch pumps.  She has the high ground.  I am wearing silk that is moving in the shore breezes.  Somehow her silk is lighter.  Her skirt is certainly shorter.  So much for cultural sensitivity.  Her hair is black, long, shining, and hanging over both her shoulders – a perfect frame for her perfect face.  She is from Sri Lanka which gives her a very light brown cast.  Her eyes are dark brown, and huge.  Her mouth falls into a natural smile, quick to show perfect teeth.  In any collection of photographs, hers is the one you would pick as most beautiful.  
But she is so much more.  I used to think she moved like a ballerina, but that doesn’t really capture it.  She certainly moves with grace and balance, but there is a sexiness to her moves that you never see on a stage - a movement of her hips, the way her arms slide along her gown, and now, just standing there, the way her head perches on a perfect neck.  Her head leans just a hair left or right as she watches you, even that tiny movement drawing your attention back to her face, back to her eyes, and back to that mouth you hope will smile for you.
I used to think she hypnotized me, but it’s not really that.  If anything, I was more awake with her, more awake to every breath of wind, every sound of the harbor, every expression on her face.  I was more there.  
She made a motion with her hand, and I stepped to her.  Her hands went to my head, my hands went around her, then quickly to her ass.  She held my head, and kissed me.  Her hands were light, her fingers sliding into my hair.  Her lips just touching mine.  That was her way – holding lightly, touching gently.  She never needed more than that to hold me.  I was hers with just a touch.
“It has been too long.” She tilted my head back as she looked at me.
“Yes.”  I’m afraid that’s all I could think to say.  I was pulling her hips to mine, and hoping she would kiss me again.
“Do you still love me?”
“Yes.”  Odd, the last time we had been together I had specifically told her I did not love her.  But, well, that was then.
“We will be good together.  You will see.”
“Yes.”
She smiled at me and played a bit with my hair.  I was aware of engine noises and a rumble up through the deck.  Tomas was moving around the deck pulling in lines.
“They will be busy for a while.  Let’s go below so they have the deck to themselves.”  She kissed me and smiled at me, but initially made no move.  Then she took my hand and led me deeper into the boat.
I was mostly right about the layout of the boat.  You watch enough TV and you get the general idea.  The back end of the main deck was open, a table and some seating arranged there.  Moving forward there was a covered area with a large table and more chairs.  I guessed dining area and casual seating out of the sun.  Farther forward was a hallway and several more rooms, but we took a stairway down.  Based on the doorways I could see off the hall, there were eight staterooms.  This was a big boat.
Down another stairway was the crew quarters and galley.  A fairly large lady was seated along a food bar adjacent to the galley.  She was wearing all white, including a chef’s hat.  Okay, so this was the lady who would feed us.
“This is Vinaya, the ship’s cook.  Vinaya, this is Jessica.  She will be sailing with us for a while.”  The two of us shook hands.  “Would you prepare some appetizers for me?  Jessica will come down for them.”  Vinaya bowed her head.
“Let me show you my cabin.”  Saanvi led the way back up the stairs and down the hall.  I wish I had a better way to describe “led the way.”  She walked in front of me.  I was to watch her from behind as she climbed stairs and walked a dimly lit hallway.  Her hips moved, her arms flowed along her sides, her hair slid along her shoulders and caught the light as we moved from wall sconce to wall sconce.  You could charge admission just to see her move.
Her cabin was the back end of the boat.  Maybe thirty feet wide, windows along the back, even a balcony to step out onto.  The bed was huge.  The walls were mahogany.  Original artwork hung under lights.  She stood by the bed.  She is such a tease.  She stood there waiting for me to move toward her.  And when I did, she said, “Let’s eat something first.”
She led me back upstairs to the large covered area.  She sat at the table and pointed to a sideboard.  
“I opened some wine as you were arriving.  Do you mind?”  I found the bottle and glasses.  I brought it to the table and poured us each a glass.
“She probably has the appetizers ready by now.  Do you mind?”  Detecting a pattern?  I did.  I would be serving her.  I climbed back down the stairs.  The boat was now moving, so I kept a hand to each side as I walked.  It didn’t rock too much, but even two inch heels made things a little difficult for me.
Vinaya was still working on the food.  She looked at me and scowled.  I couldn’t blame her.  I was rushing her.  I sat at the food bar and waited.
“Where are you from?”  I asked her back.
“India.”
“Oh?  What city?”
“Please, I am busy.”
I guess that settled my position in the kitchen – I was the lady who came too early and talked too much.  Fair enough.  I turned and looked at the rest of the area.  There were two tables that looked like they could seat about six each.  So, if this is where the crew ate, they were ready for a crew of twelve.  Is that what she had?  There was Tomas and the cook.  Presumably there was someone up on the top deck steering this thing.  Was there a guy down below working the engines?  Maybe some were working and some sleeping.  Did they do eight hour shifts?  Twelve hour?  How many people did Saanvi employ?  And how much did a boat like this cost?  Ten million?  Twenty million?  
That got me thinking in a different direction.  I had assumed they stole the twenty four million to buy stock and take over the company.  What if they had just blown the money on yachts and mansions?  That would be stupid, but it would make things easier for me.  Yes, they stole the money, but no, they weren’t going to attack our stock price.  Maybe, but it didn’t seem like Saanvi.  She had a different plan.  It would be layers deep, and it would involve a whole lot more than one yacht, no matter how nice the boat.
Eventually Vinaya put a tray on the food counter.  Something on small pieces of toast.  I gave her my best smile.  “This smells really good.”  She just stared at me.
It was a big tray that took both my hands, so, no spare hands to grabs walls and railings as the ship swayed.  I took it slow.  Two levels to climb, three times I hit a wall with my shoulder.  I made it to the big dining room, and wondered if I could cross that large floor without doing a face plant.  I paused, took it slow, and made it.  Saanvi was smiling.  I guess I was a good show.
“You’ll get used to it.”  She was looking at me over the top of her wine glass, still smiling at me.
“How far are we going?”
“Kuwait.”
“What?”
“Relax, Jess.  You’ll like it.  Just you and me and a slow boat to Kuwait.”  I had no idea what to say.  How long would it take to get to Kuwait?  Three days?  A week?  And what was in Kuwait?
“Jess, it’s okay.  Finish your wine and we will relax out on deck.”  I hadn’t even started my wine.  Remember?  I’m the girl that had to climb up and down two flights of stairs on a rocking boat.  In heels.  It was pretty good wine.  I downed it in two chugs.  Saanvi refilled my glass, and we took our glasses back to a sofa along the back rail.  I noticed she never touched an appetizer.
There was an incredible view from the back of the boat.  We were headed north, so off to our left was Dubai City.  I knew the history of the place, and how much they had done in so little time.  And I liked the look of the place.  Yes, there were endless skyscrapers, but they weren’t just tall rectangles.  They had curves.  They had shapes.  In the distance we could see the Birj Kalifa, the world’s tallest building.  Along the shore was the Birj Al Arabia, the hotel shaped like a sail.  It was beautiful, and fascinating.
Saanvi sat on the other side of me, the side facing the Gulf.  The dark side.  When I turned to her, all I saw was her.  Clever woman.  Why compete with the world’s most attractive skyline?  Just in case I was tempted to look at the city, she leaned into me, one hand slipping her fingers deep into my hair, holding my head and ever so lightly turning my face to her.  The other hand rested on my thighs for a moment, and then slipped under my skirt, her fingers caressing the back of my thighs, sliding up and down my legs, but sliding higher each time.  Her face was just above mine, her eyes staring into mine, watching me respond.  And of course, I did.  I smiled, I reached for her, I moved my head to kiss her.  
Not yet.  Her hand tightened around my hair and held my head back against the cushions.  We would kiss when she was ready.  I would wait.  She kept her face just above mine, just out of reach while her hand slid along my legs.  She caressed me and watched me.  She waited.  She stared.  She studied my face waiting to see what she wanted.  My breathing changed.  I know my expression changed.  At some point I moved from a smile to desire to desperation.  She made me wait still longer, than lowered her face to mine and whispered.
“Do you love me, Jess?”
“Yes.”
“Say it.”
“I love you.”
“Do you want me?”
“Of course I do.”
“Say it.”
“I want you.”
“Ask for it.”
“Saanvi, I love you, and I want you.  Please kiss me.”
She made me wait.  She was such a tease.  She held me, her lips just above mine, her eyes huge.  She had the nerve to smile, ever so slightly.  She knew what she was doing to me, and she was enjoying it.
“Saanvi, please.”
She smiled.  She pulled my skirt up, then went back to sliding her fingers along my thigh.
“You have beautiful legs, Jess.  You should wear shorter skirts.  I will have something for you tomorrow.”
“Okay.”  I was looking up at her, waiting.
Her hand slid farther and farther up my thigh, her eyes never leaving mine.  She wanted to see my reaction.  She wanted to watch me melt.  Her hand started to slide between my legs.
“Please, Saanvi.”
She moved her hand with a touch so light it was barely perceptible.  But being light, I somehow felt it even more intensely.  It was like every nerve in my body was focused on the place on my thigh where her fingers moved.  And as her hand slid inside my thigh, my breath caught in my throat.  She watched my eyes slowly close with pleasure.
“Saanvi.  Please.”  That seemed to be what she was waiting for, a final pleading.  She took my hand and led me down to her cabin.  She had my clothes off fast enough.  I looked around for my suitcases with my nightgowns.
“My suitcases?”
“They are in storage.  I have what you need.”  
She opened a bureau drawer and took out a pink satin nothing.  She pulled it over my head.  The top just barely covered my nipples, the skirt just barely covered my ass.  She looked at me and smiled.  Her nightgown?  Electric red satin, down to the floor, with a slit up the side to her hip.  Any way she moved, her leg peeped out through that slit.  Of course that was the point – to keep you looking and waiting.
Last step?  A long strip of silk.  She pushed it around my waist like a belt, and tied it in the back.  I knew what would come next.
“Hands.”  She was never satisfied until surrender was complete.  I had said what I needed to say.  Now I needed to do what came next.  I put my hands behind my back, and she bound my wrists.  It wasn’t tight, she didn’t hurt me, but the knots were firm.  They would hold me.
She laid me on the bed and settled herself on top of me.  Her legs were between mine, her elbows outside my arms, both her hands in my hair.  Then she settled her own hair.  Those long black tresses flowed down each side of her head, and on each side of my face.  The room had been dark, now it was even darker.  Her face hovered an inch above mine.  I could feel her every breath.  As dark as it was, I could still see her eyes.
“Jess, do you love me?”
“Yes, I love you.”  She moved her legs now so that her thigh was tight between mine.  She put some pressure between my legs, and slid slowly against me.  I could feel myself sweating.  It was already running down my chest.
“Do you love me?”
“Yes, I love you.  I have from the moment I met you.”  Her thigh pressed more fully against me.
“Jess, when I own the castle, you will live there with me.  I will come home to you each night.  You will wear a ball gown and wait for me at the door.  I will bring you flowers.  Roses?”
“No.  Daffodils.”
“I will hand you a bouquet.  You will kiss me, and then you will carry them up to our room.  While you are putting them in a vase, I will be standing behind you.  You will feel my yes on you, and you will smile.  You will keep standing there, waiting for me to put my hands on you, waiting for me to kiss you and then carry you to our bed.”
“I will like that.”
“You will be my wife.”
“Yes.”
“You want to be my wife.”
“Yes.”
“Say it.”
“Saanvi, you know I love you.  I want to be with you.  I want to be your wife.”
“You shall be.”  She kissed me, slid her hands in my hair, and moved her leg against me.  I could barely breathe.
“Jessica, you are here because you love me.  Why else are you here?”
“You and Mathieu took twenty four million dollars.”
“We took far more than that.”  She smiled at me.  “It’s okay.  I will spend lots of it on you.”  She lowered her face onto mine.  I closed my eyes and felt her against me, her mouth, her hands, her hips, her thigh.  I think I stopped breathing.  I know I didn’t care.  My only wish was that my hands might be free so I could hold her tighter against me.



Chapter 13
Up the Gulf

Okay, I know you think I am an idiot.  I can’t argue with that.  I fly to Dubai to learn how Saanvi will be attacking our company, and ten seconds after I get on her boat, I am in her arms.  Let me make my idiocy even more clear.  Despite all the things she did to me in the past, and all the terrible things she would do in the future, I wouldn’t give up that night for the world.
I can still feel her against me, her hand on my face, stroking my breast, sliding down between my legs.  Her kisses, her hair sliding along my cheek, her breath in my ear.  Her weight against my chest, the warmth of her hips on mine, the softness of her thigh sliding against me.  I so wanted my hands free so I could pull her to me, but all I could do was push my body against her.  And she scolded me for that.  “Lie still.”  I did.  She would decide where she touched me, and when, and how.  She would decide, and I would wait.  That was Saanvi.  She would always command.
She held me all night.  I never slept.  I didn’t want to miss a moment.  I know she slept some.  I could feel her regular breathing in my ear.  Then she might wake for a few minutes, kiss me, run her hands over me, get me excited again, and then she would sleep.  She lay mostly across my body, one hand in my hair, my head turned at an angle she liked.  That was our night together.
There were curtains on the windows, but she had not closed them.  Dawn’s light came to the room.  I cursed it.  I felt her move.  She would waken and leave me.  I was desperate to draw out every moment I could get.
She slid over me again, her head now hovering above mine, her hair shielding our faces from the sun.
“Who do you love?”
“I love you.”
“Who do you want?”
“I want you, Saanvi.”
“When I own the castle, I will bring you daffodils and…”
“We will go up to our room.  I will put them in a vase by the window.  I will feel you looking at me, and I will wait for your hands on me.  You will hold me from behind, your hands on my breasts, my ass pressing back into you as you hold me tighter and tighter.” 
“We will have a beautiful future together.”  She stood and slid her night gown off her shoulders.  It fell into a puddle on the floor.  She let me look at her.  Then she pulled me up and walked with me to her shower.  While the water warmed, she pulled my nightgown to my waist, my hands still bound.  We stood under the water while she washed me, and then herself, before pressing me against the shower wall.  Her hands held my head back while she kissed me.  Her eyes never left mine.  She slid a soapy hand over my breast, and I felt myself groan.
“Who do you love?”
“Saanvi, I’m yours.  Take me.”
She smiled, kissed me, and led us out into the bathroom.  It was huge.  It was all marble and gold.  That didn’t matter to me.  What mattered was her touch.  She ran a towel over me, then herself, and went back to her bedroom.  She pushed me back onto our bed.  I lay there and watched as she dressed, and then as she did her hair and makeup.  I watched her for over an hour.  Every movement was slow, deliberate, and lovely.  Maybe that was her greatest skill – she never stopped seducing.  There was always something more to see, something more to please and surprise.
She wore silk.  The material flowed as she pulled it over her shoulders, and continued to flow with every move she made.
“Jessica, you will serve me.”
“Yes.”
“I will have my breakfast on the main deck.  You will bring up my tray.  When I am done, you will make this bed and do the laundry.”
“Yes.”
The wall beside the bathroom was all cabinets and closets.  She opened one of the closets.  There were drawers in the lower third, and a clothes bar above.  On the clothes bar were eight or ten black dresses.  Uniforms.  I had worn enough waitressing uniforms in my life to recognize a uniform dress from across the room.  These were for maids.
“This is what you will wear while on my boat.”
“I have brought my own clothes.  Some of them are very nice.  I think you will like them.”
She walked over to the bed and sat next to me, her hands on each side of my shoulders.  She leaned down, her hair again hanging near my face.
“Jessica.”  It was almost a whisper.  She never needed to raise her voice to get her way.  “We are going to have a wonderful time on this voyage.  It is going to last for weeks, and you will be in my arms much of that time.  You want that, yes?”
I just nodded my head.
“You will please me.  You will serve me.  You will do what I ask.  If you are good, this will be the trip of a lifetime.  But you must obey me.  You must never tell me ‘no.’ If you refuse me, just once, I will have Tomas lock you in a crew cabin, and you will stay there until our voyage is done.  The crew will have keys to your room, and they will come to you.  I will just leave you there.  When our voyage is done, I will put you off at the nearest port, and I will never see you again.  Clear?”
“Yes.”
“Everything you need is in that closet.  And you will look good.  You have the perfect legs for those skirts.”  She smiled at me.  Friends again… if.
“I will wear them.”
“Good.  Now roll over so I can free your hands.”
The silk rope was still wet, but she managed to get the knot out.  I rolled over onto my back again.  She leaned over me.
“We are lovers, Jess.  You will do as your lover asks.”
“Yes.”  She kissed me and left the room.
My little pink night gown was still bunched around my waist.  I pulled it off and took it to the sink to press some of the water out.  It was a wet mess.  My clothes from the closet?  One of the lower drawers held bras – all black, all a shiny synthetic.  The straps were thin and the cups lifted my breasts but also were cut so my breasts appeared to bulge from them.  I could see why she wanted me to wear them.  Panties were also black, shiny, and stretched.  She would like putting her hand on my ass.
The uniforms were maid’s uniforms, but probably bought in some sex fantasy shop.  A black, shiny synthetic, they had half sleeves and a skirt that stopped midway down my thighs.  But the neckline had never been worn by a real maid.  It was low and designed to match the bra I wore.  My breasts bulged from the bra – and from the uniform.  Maybe that was for the best.  I was always looking at Saanvi.  Maybe now she would be looking at me.
I strapped on the matching shoes, tied on the matching white apron, and walked down to the galley.  Vinaya was working over the stove.  I asked her back for Saanvi’s breakfast.  I saw her nod.  There were two men sitting at a table – Tomas and someone somewhat older.  Both were dressed in white – white shorts and white shirts with epaulets on their shoulders.  The older man stood and walked toward me.
I instantly became aware that my dress would be exciting for Saanvi, but to every man on board it looked like I charged by the hour.  As the older man approached, I felt myself backing up.  It was a big boat, but not a big galley.  Two steps took me back to a wall.  He kept coming. I’m watching his face.  Angry?  Horney?  Any chance he’s friendly?  Nope.  Just a gray haired guy in his early fifties looking at me like a dumb kid caught smoking in the bathroom.
He stopped practically on top of me, his foot sliding between mine, leaning forward so that I was essentially pinned to the wall.
“I am Captain Carpenter.”
“I am Jessica, a friend of Saanvi’s.”
“This is her boat, and on her boat all refer to her as Mrs. Gruber.  You are her current sex toy.  You will be respectful, or we will decide you are the crew’s sex toy.  Do you understand?”
“Yes.”
He leaned in closer to me, and I thought, shit, I am going to get raped here and now.  He brought his head down near mine (not easy since I was ducking as far away as the wall would let me).  In a whisper he said, “Be a good girl, and you will be fine.”
He then went back to his table, and my heart went back to beating.
“So, do you want her breakfast or not?”  Vinaya had a tray of food up on the food bar.  She was staring at me, obviously impatient.  Great.  Now that my hands were shaking and my chest thumping, I was supposed to pick up a tray of food and climb two flights of stairs.  What could possibly go wrong?
The last vision I had as I took the tray and turned toward the stairs was Tomas smirking at me.  Would he lock me in a cabin for weeks on end?  Yes.  Would he leave me in there alone?  Not a chance.  Shit.
The boat rocked, and one of the plates slid on the tray, but I made it up to the open deck with nothing spilled.  Victory.  Saanvi was staring at her phone and so missed my balancing act.  I put the tray in front of her, only to have her tell me I was to take the plates off the tray and arrange them.  Okay, so I really am a maid.  While I am moving the plates off the tray, she is feeling me up.  One hand up under my skirt to feel my ass, then the other hand to play with my breasts.  
“Is this what you wanted when you bought these outfits?” I asked.
“Yes, I think I will like them.”  Given all her hands were doing, I was pretty sure she more than liked them.  I pulled a chair around so I could sit next to her, but she wasn’t having it.
“Jess, after you place my meal, you will take the tray and stand by the sideboard watching to see if I want more coffee.  Understand?”
I really did not understand.  Why am I to stand clear across the room?  What was the point of dressing me up if she didn’t want to touch me?  But before I questioned her reasoning, I remembered the smirk on Tomas’ face.  For the duration of this voyage, my answer was “yes.”
What’s it like standing forty five minutes watching someone eat?  I had been a waitress for ten years, but I thought those years were over.  On the plus side, the boat was moving up the Gulf, so, when I wasn’t watching Saanvi, I could look out at the water and see oil tankers, fishing boats, and other yachts.  The Gulf is busy.  Still, standing, rocking in three inch heels, is not how I had wanted to spend my morning.
“Jess, do you remember the last time we were both in Dubai?”  Saanvi had put down her phone and turned to me.  She hadn’t motioned me over, so I stood where I was.
“Yes.”
“Our last day together?”
“Not a good day.  Both our husbands blown to Hell by some Iranian militia.  You and Elias’ baby were flying to Bern.”
“You mean the baby I had with Elias.”
“Yes.”
“I asked you to come with me.”
“You asked me to be your nanny or maid.”
“If you had become my maid, we would have lived really well in Bern.  Even after I married Mathieu, we could have been together – mornings after he went to work, nights when he was traveling.  We could have been together all these years.  You could have helped raise the baby I had with Elias.”
“Yes.”
“You could still be my maid in Bern, Jess.  Think about this voyage as a trial period.”
“I thought I was going to be your wife.”
“You’ll be my companion, Jess.  We’ll be together.  That’s what’s important.”
“Yes.”  There was a fair amount of wind out on the deck, and it was blowing my little skirt all over.  I could see Saanvi watching as we talked.  I was waiting for her to call me over to sit with her, if nothing else so she could feel me up.  But she went another way.
“I am done with breakfast.  Take my things down.  You can have your own breakfast while you are down there, and then get started on my room.”
“Yes, mum.”  And I actually curtseyed.
I ate breakfast alone.  Vinaya slid a plate of eggs and toast across the food bar.  I ate it quickly, hoping no more of the crew would come through to ogle me.  Back in Saanvi’s room I stripped the bed and picked up all the towels from the bathroom floor.  It took some looking behind closet doors, but I found the washer and dryer and the clean linens.  I had the bed remade quickly and stood looking out the windows as the washer did its work.
What did I make of all this?  I could live with being a maid for a while.  I wasn’t doing anything I hadn’t done a million times in my own home.  Obviously Saanvi was looking to control me and embarrass me.  In truth, I could live with that too. I would do pretty much anything during the day as long as I had her at night.  
I was also thinking about this “voyage.”  She was talking about weeks.  My geography might be limited, but I didn’t think it took weeks to sail to Kuwait from Dubai.  I remember people talking about driving up there in a day.  Granted, the locals drove like a bat out of hell, but still, if you could get there by car in a day, it wouldn’t take weeks by boat.  So, we might stop there, but where were we really going?  The only places north of there were Iraq and Iran.  No sane person took a yacht up there.  What was she up to?
The wash cycle finished and I pushed everything into the dryer.  I had to chuckle.  Back when I was living with Ibrahim, all laundry was hung to dry.  The sun always shone, and the relative humidity was next to nothing.  There were clothes lines on the roof.  You hung the clothes and came back an hour later.  Here on the boat, the humidity was well up.  You didn’t exactly hang wash on a multi-million dollar yacht, but even if you did, it would take forever to dry.  Somehow that tickled a memory.  Something about the Gulf and humidity.  Something about the future there.  But I couldn’t place it.  
Anyway, I heard Saanvi’s little bell ring.  Really.  She was calling me by this tinny little bell.  I climbed the steps.  She was still sitting at the main dinner table staring at her phone.
“Jess, bring me your phone, please.”
I went back down to her room (that annoyed me, by the way.  Why was it “her” room and not “our” room?).  I had left my bag on a table just inside the door.  My phone was near the top.  I pulled it out and carried it back up the steps, only then thinking, “What does she want with my phone?”  Followed by “Oh shit.”  Did I hide it?  Tell her I lost it?  Sure, and spend weeks in a crew cabin with my good friend Tomas.  Whatever I should have done, I should have done before I got on this boat.
She didn’t even look up as I brought her the phone.  
“Would you type in the pass code please?”  I did.  What else was I going to do?  “Thanks.  You can go back to cleaning my room now.”  I stepped back.  She was already changing my pass code.  Shit.  She now had access to all my old texts, and she could send texts that looked like mine.  And even if I took the phone while she slept, I couldn’t get into my own damn phone.  I was really tempted to grab the phone from her and throw it over the side.
“Saanvi, do you love me?”
“Jess, while we are in public areas of the boat, I want you to address me is Mrs. Gruber.”
“Mrs. Gruber, do you love me?”
“I’m keeping the phone.”  She was now turned to me, the phone in her hands.  The new code was already in.  She turned the phone to make sure I could see she now had complete access.
“I would like to contact my girls from time to time.”
“No problem.  I will lend you a phone.  Just ask.”
I stood and looked at her.  “You ask a lot of me.”
“I will be asking much more.”  She looked directly at me.  That beautiful face.  That determined face.  This was the woman who had taken my Elias.  This was the woman who had taken me out into the desert to be held captive.  This was the woman I wanted – and hated – and loved.
“Please don’t do this.”
“We will be in Kuwait city in two days.  You are free to leave then, if you wish.  Until then, I can ask Tomas to show you a cabin, or you can clean mine.  Which will it be?”
“I will clean your cabin.”  I hesitated for a moment, hoping she would suddenly smile and give my phone back, but that never happened.  Finally I went back down stairs and cleaned her bathroom.



Chapter 14
Two days to Kuwait

Two more days to Kuwait.   Would I get off there?  Unlikely.  I had learned nothing about what Saanvi might be attempting.  And, would I really be satisfied with just two more nights in Saanvi’s bed?
But Saanvi didn’t make it easy.  Saanvi expected to be served all meals, and for me to stand, watch, and pour a second cup of coffee (or second glass of wine) if desired.  That required that I make six trips to the galley each day – three to get Saanvi’s tray, and three to return the tray and get my own food.  Vinaya never said more than a single sentence during any visit, and each sentence was usually said with impatience.  She didn’t like me.  I guessed she would never like me.  I was pretty sure I would never guess the cause, but I was careful not to make things worse.  You really don’t want to argue with the person making your food.
Three times a day I had to put up with the crew.  Somehow they knew when I was in the galley, and once I sat down with my food, there were always three or four guys coming in.  I didn’t like that much.  They looked like guys who had been on a boat a long time.  They always sat at a different table, but as they walked to that table they passed behind me, touching my hair, or sliding a hand along my shoulders.  Once they got to their table they started telling off-color jokes and looking at me while they told them.  Having worked in a bar ten years, I have heard lots of jokes.  These were pretty rough.  I decided I would never come down to the gallery late in the evening.
Saanvi kept ordering me around.  Besides cleaning her room, I was to vacuum the dining area and wipe down all surfaces in that level.  I really was her maid.  And while I cleaned?  I thought about my phone.  What was on there?  She hadn’t asked for my email password yet, but she had all day to read my texts.  What had I sent to whom?  Stuff to the kids.  Anything to Billy that might tell Saanvi too much?  What about Klaus?  Arrival times.  Anything about the offer for my wells?  And Willa.  What had I texted her?  Most of our conversations had been face-to-face.  But she had me meet her at the office to talk with the accountants.  Was that in there?  Details?  Plans?  I didn’t think so, but how could I be sure?  
I spent all day cleaning and worrying about texts.  Evenings?  For some reason, Saanvi decided I could join her at nine.  She wouldn’t let me eat dinner with her, but after everything was cleaned up and put away, she would tell me to pour myself a glass of wine and join her at her usual place at the back of the boat.  The wind back there would blow our hair around and our skirts around, and it seemed to get both of us started.  She didn’t want me near her all day, but once we were back there, she had her hands all over me.
We were going at it pretty seriously, deep into our second glass of wine when she said “hands.”  I did what she wanted.  I was wearing an apron that tied in the back.  She reached around, tied the apron in a double knot, and asked for my hands.  She bound my wrists with my apron.
She went back to kissing me, my head leaning way back on the couch, right at the back of the boat.  She pushed me closer and closer to the edge, and then put an arm under my legs.  It occurred to me, all she had to do was lift my legs a little higher, and she could flip me right off the boat.  Just in case I didn’t understand that, she held my legs up so I would have plenty of time to get her point.
“Tell me about Klaus.”  So, she had been reading his texts.  
“He came to see me in Amberg last month.  He is a geology professor.  He thought he could help me better position my wells.”
“And you came to see him in Heidelberg.”  She had turned her body so her legs were now under mine.  It would require even less effort for her to push me over.
“He’s good looking, late thirties, a decent guy.  He could be useful.  And, he is good in bed.”  That seemed pretty daring, considering I was maybe nine inches from dropping over.
“New to the board.”
“Yes.  I doubt you have met him.  He inherited shares from an aunt.”
“Geology professor, new to the board, suddenly he is in your bed.”
“Like I said, he is good looking.”
“Yes.  And the offer he mentions in his text?”
“Saanvi, you need to give back my phone.  This isn’t right.”
“Tell me about the offer.”  My legs are suddenly higher, my feet already over the side.
“The company wanted to buy my Iron River wells and plants.  The offer was five million.”
“Hold out for ten.”
“I took seven.  The company now owns my plants.  Whatever happens to the company happens to me, to Amberg, to the people I hired in Iron River.  I need you to treat the company well.  I need you to stop stealing.”
She didn’t immediately respond to me.  Instead she just held me in place.  She wanted me to feel the wind on my legs.  It would take almost nothing for her to give me the final push.
“Jess, if you ever lie to me, I will give you to Tomas.  When he is done, he will put you in the water.”
“I think that’s your job, Saanvi.  I don’t know if we are headed there, but if it comes to that, you should be the one who does it.”
She brought my legs down, but pressed me back against the seat.  Once again her hand held my hair.  I would look where she wanted me to look.  Totally unnecessary.  Where would I look besides at her?  Her face was inches from mine.  Her voice a whisper.
“When you married my father Ibrahim, how much bride price did he pay you?”
“A hundred thousand dollars.”
“He also paid me.  I was the match maker.  And it was the perfect match.  You got Ibrahim, and I got Elias.  Elias needed children.  I could give him those.  Ibrahim needed a loving companion and you were that.  For one year, we were both with the men we were meant to be with.”
“Do we now fight over Elias one more time?”  I twisted slightly apart from her.
“No.  But tell me you loved Ibrahim.”
“I did.”
“I put you with the right man.”
I couldn’t tell if she wanted me to respond to that.  I couldn’t.  I had loved Ibrahim.  Yes.  But I had gone to Dubai to be Elias’ wife.  I loved him too.  Saanvi had taken him.  That could never be made right.  Saanvi stared at me.  She was reading my mind.
“Those men are gone, Jess.  You and I are here.  We were matched the morning you reached for me in our apartment.  You reached for me while in Elias’ bed.  And I took you.  I take you now.  We will always be lovers.  I was once your maid.  Now you are mine.  You will serve me as I once served you.  And we will be together.”
I knew she was asking for more than maid service.  And I didn’t agree.  But I didn’t disagree.  Lying there, looking up at her, I didn’t think I would help her steal from my company.  But as her hand slid along my thigh, it was a near thing.  Really.  I wasn’t sure how many more kisses would be required.  Because she was right.  I loved her.  We were a match.  And every day I stayed on that boat, we would grow closer.  
She helped me stand.  We walked down to her cabin, the wind blowing our skirts ahead of us.  Once in bed, she left me tied in my apron strings.  She arranged herself in the usual way, her head hovering over mine, her hair closing out all sights but her face.
“I would like us to be together like this at the end, Jess.  It will be complicated for a while, but in the end, I think it will be you and me.”
“Make love to me Saanvi.  I’ve worn silly clothes and done tricks for you all day.  I think I earned something.”
I didn’t get her best performance, but I got what I needed.  We went to sleep soaked in each other’s sweat.
The next day?  Still cruising north.  Good weather, sun, warmth, sun bathing for Saanvi, errands for me.  I was running for meals, or running for lemonade, making our bed, cleaning the bathroom, vacuuming, sweeping, cleaning more and more of the boat.  She was pushing me.  Testing me.  I could get off in Kuwait, or I could stay on.  Clearly, I had to earn the right to stay on.
Visits to the galley didn’t make things any easier.  I tried to eat my meals as fast as possible, and even skipped lunch, but still I had those guys come behind me.  At dinner as they passed by I raised my fork – tines up and faced out, my hand up by my shoulder.  They slid by, just out of my reach.  I had to wonder how long it would be before a fork would not be enough.
Evening finally came.  She was willing to be with me then.  Once again at the stern of the boat on a couch along the rear railing.  I had already served her two glasses of wine.  Now I was invited to have a glass myself and join her.  I stood at the far end of the deck and drank my wine.  She watched me.  She waited.  For the first time all day I made her wait.  When I finished the last of my wine, I walked back through the wind, my hair and skirt blowing.  I sat on the edge of the couch and put my hands behind my back.
“Go ahead.”  She used my apron strings to bind my wrists.  Then I pushed myself into the back corner of the couch, my feet already up near the railing.  She slid up against me, her legs under mine, her hands taking my head back against the cushion tops.  She leaned over me, one arm under my legs, lifting them even higher, the other hand holding my head.  It would take almost no effort for her to push me over.
“Saanvi, you have questions to ask me.  I get that.”  I was looking up at her, her hair sometimes blowing into my face, sometimes sheltering my face.  “Let me tell you two things first.  This position?  Yes, I know you could push me over.  It is a risk for me.  But that arm you have under my legs?  It feels good.   I don’t think you have ever touched me like that before.  I like it.  Next, these bras you have me wear.  They push my breasts out for you to see, but they also provide pretty good support.  I like them.  What I don’t like is the way the crew looks at me.  I don’t know how long they have been at sea, but you have to get them ashore in Kuwait.  They need to get laid.”
“They won’t be going ashore.”  I noticed she was sliding her hand under my legs.  So.  She wanted to please me.  Good.  “We will just be stopping to refuel and pick up two passengers.  Then we will be gone again.  But I think you can protect yourself.  In the meantime, before I throw you overboard, tell me about Willa.”
“You know her better than I do.”  I had spent all day trying to remember any texts from Willa on my phone.  I thought I was safe.  “When you moved yourself and your baby to Bern, I went back to Amberg.  I only met her when I was with Emil years later, and even then, it was just Sunday lunches after mass.  You had years with her.”
“You spent last week with her.”
“She wanted to talk.  She cares about the company.  To her, the company is part of the family.  She cares about the family.  What you are doing is hurting the family.”
Saanvi moved her hand under my legs.  “Answers like that might get you wet.  She doesn’t care about the company any more than I do.”
“There you are wrong.  She is the essential mother to this family.  And don’t threaten me.”  I slid myself tighter against her.  The air was getting cold.  She was warm.  “She wants to hold the family together.  She wants to fix the problem you are creating.”
“That’s Kurt’s job.”
“Yes.  But you know, and I know, and everyone on Earth knows, if he was capable of fixing this problem, he already would have.  So Willa is taking over.”
“She’s the new CEO?”
“No.  I am not even sure she has a title.  Just an old lady on the board.  I think of her more as a spirit guide.”
“And she sent you here.”
“Would you prefer she sent lawyers?”
“What are you supposed to do?”
“Fix the problem.”
“I don’t want you to fix the problem.  I want you to clean my room and serve my meals.”
“I get to share your bed, so I guess we both get what we want.”
She moved her hand from under my legs and went back to caressing my thighs.  Her other hand held my head, and held my hair.  The wind was really taking it everywhere.  Hers blew across both our faces, but even my mop was over my face.  She got everything straight just long enough to kiss me, and then the wind blew from a different side and put hair in our faces again.
“I like watching you all day.”
“You dressed me up so there’s plenty to watch.  How did you know my size?”
“You’re known in every shop in Bern.”
“I have lots of those dresses with me.”
“I like what you are wearing now.”
“And that’s it?”
“Yes.”  I looked up at those huge brown eyes.  Yes, in her mind it was all settled.
“Tell me about our time together in the castle.  We are up in our room, I have put your bouquet in a vase.  I feel you looking at my back, and I wait for your hands to touch me.  When you take me into our bed, do you bind my wrists?”
“Yes.  That is how it will always be with us, Jess.  I will do what I want with you, and you will let me.”  I looked up at her, she looked down at me, and I knew it to be true.
“It’s getting cold, Saanvi.  Will you take me to bed?”
“Yes.”  
She pulled me up into a standing position, and walked with an arm around my shoulders.  Once she had me in bed, she slowly undressed, taking forever to put on her nightgown.  With her, everything was a show.  A show of grace and beauty.  I lay waiting for her, knowing she was teasing me, making me wait.  She glanced at me from time to time to make sure I was looking, as if I might look away.
When she came to me, she took her usual position.  Her body over mine, her legs mixed with mine, her hair falling on either side of our faces.  She made me wait, but finally she kissed me.
“Sanvi, in our castle, where is Mathieu?”
“Where is Klaus?”
She slid her thigh against me and pressed ever so lightly.  I felt myself warm inside those synthetic panties.  I wasn’t thinking about Klaus.



Chapter 15
Hiding from Mathieu

The sun was barely up and Saanvi was all over me.  She had been passionate before, but she seemed half crazed.  Not that I minded.  Her mouth and her hands were everywhere.  My hands were still bound, but my legs and hips were free and I moved with her.  I was soon soaked in sweat and gasping for breath.  But she kept at it, finally grabbing my hair in both hands, forcing my head back, and staring down at me has she put all her weight on my chest.
“Say it.”
“What?”
“Tell me you love me.”  She tightened her grip on my hair while she waited.
“Of course I love you.”  I stared up at her while trying to wrap my legs around her.  She seemed to be waiting for more.  So I continued.
“Saanvi, I love you even though you have done terrible things to me.  You are doing something bad to our company.  Yet here I am.  In your bed.  Waiting for a chance to kiss you.  But.  When’s the last time you told me you loved me?”
“Everything I do is for the love of you.”  I was tempted to laugh.  Instead, I lay still and looked up at her.  She knew what I was thinking.  “Elias.  Yes, I took Elias.  But think about it.  I put you with my father.  I put you where I could find you and be with you whenever I wanted.  You had him, I had you.”
“You had Elias.”
“Will you forget about him?  Remember, you pulled me into the bed you shared with him.  Maybe you wanted him, and maybe you wanted me.  You got me.  And you will be staying with me.”
“While you steal the company.”
“For you.”
That was so ridiculous I kicked her in the back with my foot.  She pushed herself farther down on my hips and held my legs down.
“This is for you, Jess.  All of it.”
“You are stealing for me.”
“Stealing is a small part of this.  I needed money, so I took it.  It will give me the company – and you.”
“Lies, Saanvi.  Lies.”
“Oh?  Think about it.  We were both in Bern.  We were together.  Then Emil sent me here.”
“That was a mistake.  I told him that.  He needed to keep you closer so he could watch you and Mathieu.”
“No, he was right.  He needed to get me out of Bern.  Everyone knew about us.  Everyone was talking.  He sent me as far away as he could.  Good for him.  He was protecting you, and keeping you for himself.”
“Don’t talk to me about Emil.”  I lay my head back and closed my eyes.
“Okay, no talk about Emil.  He’s dead.  You’re free.  You’re here where I want you.  Mathieu is fat, hypertensive, and drunk.  Two years, maybe three, and I will be free.  We will be together.  I will run the company from here.  We will visit the castle once or twice a year, visit Wisconsin at Christmas, and spend the rest of the year sailing under the sun.  You.  And me.  Lovers.”
I am not sure what I might have said in response, but I never got the chance. She pulled me out of bed and pushed me toward the bathroom.  She had me untied and undressed fast enough.  Then into the shower.  I was the wash her, apparently.  Not that I minded.  I was all over her.  She felt amazing.  Scented soaps added another dimension, not that anything more was needed.
I got the sense, though, that she was on the clock.  I think I would have spent all morning sliding my hands over her.  But she got me out and into a fresh uniform.  Her maid again, I stood behind her as she sat before her dressing table, combing her hair. My hips pressed against her back.  When I was done, she gave me time to work on my hair, then pushed some cosmetics at me while she did her face.  I made the best effort I could, but we both looked into the same mirror and saw the two faces side by side.  I sighed once and did the best I could.
A light rap on the door came just as Saanvi finished her eyes.  Luckily timed, or nicely scheduled?  Saanvi made no rush to the door.  She found herself a silk dress somewhat longer than the one of the previous day.  Shoulders covered.  Knees covered.  Culturally sensitive.  We would soon be docking in a gulf port.  But of course, the fabric slid along her perfect body and emphasized her every move.  She pulled on sandals with three inch heels, turned, and smiled at me.
“We are coming into Kuwait.”
All I could do was stare.  She did an extra turn, watched me react to the silk sliding across her hips, and winked.
“Good girl.  Now do something for me.”  
I was wearing the maid’s uniform, complete with black panties and bra.  Not culturally sensitive.  She wrapped a small white apron around my waist and pulled my hands back so she could wrap the apron strings around my wrists.  Apparently I wouldn’t be cleaning the room for a while.
“While we are in port, Captain Carpenter will take you someplace safe.”
Safe?  That made no sense to me.  But Saanvi opened the stateroom door, and there stood the captain, all white and all ready.  He took my elbow, and off we went.
He moved quickly and held me tightly.  His only comment was a whispered, “Don’t say a word.”  I had plenty of questions, but didn’t ask them.  Partly because we were moving so fast.  Where were we going?  Exactly where I didn’t want to go – down.  We were quickly down to the kitchen and crew level.  I remembered Saanvi’s warning about what might happen if I disobeyed her.  Well, here I was.  But then we went down yet another level.  I could hear and smell the engines at one end, but he took me toward storage rooms forward.  I tried to slow down, but he just yanked my elbow forward, and forward we went.
We were almost to the bow when he held me against the wall and got keys out for a room with a huge lock on the door.  He had me in the room and the door closed behind us before I could even begin to think of resisting.  But I should have.  Half the room was stacked with cases of wine tied to the wall to keep from falling as the ship rolled.  The other side of the room?  A small camp bed.  Steel frame, steel springs, thin mattress.  He pushed me up against it.  I knew what came next.  I stood, stared at him, and waited.
“Mr. Gruber is going to be very angry when he finds you on this boat.”  He’s keeping his voice down, but it’s not like it is hard for me to hear him.  His face is inches from mine.  His hips are closer.  My ankles are back against the steel of the camp bed, just in case I need any reminding of how this conversation is likely to end.
“They found out you were coming about a week before you arrived.  He ordered me to put to sea so you couldn’t get on board.  Then he flew off to meet with this guy we are picking up.  Once he was gone, Mrs. Gruber told me to stay in port until you arrived.  She wants you here, he wants you gone.”
“So now what?”  I have visions of Mathieu searching the boat for me and finding me locked down here.  Not that my current situation is much better.  Carpenter has one hand in my hair and the other under my skirt and inside my panties.  I made an effort to shake my head and get his hand off.  He just looked confused and tightened his grip.
“Mrs. Gruber has a plan.  You stay out of sight while we are docked.  Once we are at sea and Mr. Gruber has had a couple drinks, she brings you up.”  
While he is saying this, my panties drop to my ankles.  His shorts followed with a clunk.  He must have had lots of things in his pockets.  He continued to carry on a conversation as if we were standing on a corner talking about the weather.
“We’ll be in Qatar about four hours.”
“I thought we were going to Kuwait.”
“No.  Qatar.  We will pick up this guest and enough supplies to last two to three weeks.”  He is now pulling down my zipper.  He decided to take my dress and bra down over my shoulders and most of the way down my chest.  “I bet you were something in your prime.”
“Thank you.”  Yes, I really did thank him for the compliment.  Odd reaction, I know.  Trust me.  Nothing seemed normal.  “Where are we going?”
“Nowhere.  This is all about negotiating something with the guy were are boarding.  We will put to sea and cruise little circles day after day while they talk.  My job is to keep us out of the sea lanes – and away from oil tankers.”
At this point the inevitable happened.  He lowered me back onto the bed and climbed on.  He was in me and pumping away before I could say a word.  And what would I say?  No?  I said nothing and let him do what he was going to do.  For an old guy, he was fast.  I suppose pulling me down two flights of stairs was his foreplay.  He kissed me once.  I think that was more offensive than the rest of it.  Like this was some kind of normal relationship.  But he finished quickly and got dressed.  
Me?  I was to stay where I was.  He got some rope from somewhere and tied my ankles to the metal end of the bed.  I wasn’t going anywhere.  He also gagged me with the pillow case under my head.  As he put on the gag, he gave me a final lecture.
“Like I said, about four hours.  Don’t make a sound.  The bed springs will squeak, so don’t move.  Once we are out to sea, I will come back for you.”
He didn’t say what would happen then, but I could imagine.  To make sure I was in the mood, he briefly sat on the side of the bed and stroked the hair from my face.  He arranged my hair carefully, and then straightened my skirt.  But the top of the uniform stayed down across my chest.  He seemed happy with the way he had arranged me.  No doubt I was looking my best for our next “date.”
He smiled, kissed my forehead, patted my cheek, and then was out the door.  I heard the heavy lock close.  I wasn’t going anywhere.
What did I do for the next four hours?  It was more like six.  I tested the ropes around my ankles and around my wrists.  Nothing moved or loosened.  I lay back, felt his semen dry along the inside of my thigh, and listened.  People noises in the hall.  Motor noises rising and falling as the yacht adjusted speeds and direction.  Footsteps on the floor above and shouts outside the boat.  Bumps as we slid against the dock.  Then clunks as boxes were loaded near the stern.
Time passed.  It occurred to me if I had been free I might have tried to sneak off the boat now that I knew about Mathieu.  Yes, he was a drunk.  But drunks can be dangerous.  He would be angry when he saw me.  He had told Carpenter to move the boat, and Saanvi had overruled him.  Men didn’t like that.  There would be consequences.  Maybe Saanvi would help me.  Maybe Carpenter would help me.  Maybe they wouldn’t.  Two or three weeks sharing a boat with an angry Mathieu.  I hadn’t planned on that.
Hours passed.  There were more engine noises and lots of footsteps on the deck above me.  The yacht moved.  The engine was loud and the boat rolled to one side as we got out from the harbor and into the Gulf.  Carpenter would be back.  Would he take me again?  Probably.  And he would probably kiss me.  My new lover.  Maybe my protector.  Maybe just one more man to avoid.
More hours passed.  I could feel the boat rock.  We were out on the Gulf, but still no one came to my door.  And yes, I was a bit relieved.  I had come to like the quiet.  And the gentle rocking.  I doubted I would get either when the door opened. 



Chapter 16
The New Man

Saanvi was the one who came for me.  She slipped in through the door, closed it quickly, and then sat on the edge of the bed.  She waited.  I was to look, and appreciate.  And she did look special.  Her makeup was fresh and her silk dress looked like colored liquid pouring over her perfect frame.  She looked down at me, smiled, and waited until I had inhaled her scent.  She waited until I wanted her.  I was tied to a bed, unable to move, but she wanted me to want her more than my release.  And I did.
“I take it you and the captain…”  I nodded.  “Good.  He risked his job to get you on board.  I am sure you pleased him.”  So, an admission of sorts.  She had planned my bedding.  My wrists tied with a bow.  A gift to the captain for services rendered.  Or services to come.  She had used me.  I had let her.  And him.
Another long pause.  She moved her head a bit.  Of course the result was a torrent of her shining hair flowing across one cheek and over a shoulder.  I was to look, and want, and wait.  She touched my cheek.  She played a bit with my hair.  She ran her finger tips over my bare shoulders.  I studied her face as she touched me.  I saw affection.  Time passed.  The engines churned and vibrated.  People walked over head.  Her fingers caressed me.  I think I would have laid there forever just to feel her hands.
“Vinaya served lunch.”  Had that been what was going through her mind as she stroked my cheek?  Lunch?  “It was excellent.  You will serve tea.  Mathieu says our guest likes English traditions.  You will serve at four dressed as you are.  Smile, curtsey, withdraw to the side table after serving.  When we are done, collect our things and return them to the kitchen.  Then you will change.  I am permitting you to have dinner with us.  We will eat at seven.  You will change into one of your gowns and sit with Mr. Al Harthi.  You will be his dinner partner.  You will also be his partner later.  Do you understand?”
She had yet to remove my gag or undo a single knot, so my only response was to nod.  I was being made a gift again.  We would see the nature of the gift.
She continued to look at me.  And to touch me.  A palm on my cheek, fingers through my hair, finger tips on the hem of my skirt.  So.  She liked what she saw.  Good.
“Mathieu is angry, but he will do nothing in front of Mr. Al Harthi.  And, we know Mathieu drinks.  He will go to bed early.  We will have our time together.  And, I think you will like Al Harthi.  You will be good to him.  You will share his bed.”  Special emphasis on the last sentence.  My assignment.  My job for the voyage.  I was a whore.  I stared up at her and watched for any changes in her expression.  Any brief signs of pity?  Any concerns for what she was asking?  None.  I waited.  My only form of resistance.  Finally, I nodded.  She kissed my forehead and slowly untied the gag.
“Now.  Is there anything you want to tell me?”  Her hand stayed on my cheek, her face hovering above mine, her eyes huge and warm.
“I’m hoping you will kiss me.”
She smiled, kissed me, and undid the ropes around my ankles.  She made me wait a little longer before freeing my wrists.
“Are you upset about Captain Carpenter?”
“Yes.  He should not have done what he did.”
“But you will forgive him and get on with your work.”  Her hand slid from my cheek into my hair as she waited for my answer.
“Yes.”
And that ended our time in the room.  She untied my wrists.  I pulled up my panties while Saanvi raised my uniform around my shoulders.  She held me tight as she closed my zipper.  I held her.  We stood together in that store room, neither of us wanting to let go.  I was sure there were things I should be saying about what had happened and what was to come, but it was Saanvi who finally broke the silence.
“We have both managed men before.  I have managed Mathieu through six years and four pregnancies.  You will manage Mr. Al Harthi for the next week or two.  You and I will do what we need to do, and then this part of our lives will be over.  You and I will be together.  I love you Jess.  We will be together.”
I made no response.  There was no need.  I adjusted to what was to come.  We held each other a little longer, then she sent me up to her room.  I was to change into a fresh uniform and clean her room.  Mathieu was upset with its condition.  After the room was clean, I was to move all my uniforms and underwear to stateroom 3.  She gave me a key and sent me off.  
It was already after 2 and we had left her room a mess.  I stayed busy in her room for over an hour, watching the door and hoping Mathieu didn’t come in on me.  I wasn’t ready for that fight yet.  Fortunately, he stayed with his guest out on the lounge deck, and I was able to clean his room and move all my things undisturbed.
My stateroom?  Yes, this bartender from Amberg had a stateroom on a yacht.  And it was huge.  It took up much of one side of the boat, had huge windows, and was decorated by someone with taste.  Things to notice?  Massive bed, two walk-in closets, and a bathroom tiled in patterned ceramics.  My two suitcases had magically reappeared, so I hung all those clothes as well as my uniforms.  Lots to do.  But I took my time in the bathroom setting out my makeup – and giving myself a fresher look.  I wanted to make a good first impression when I served tea at four.
How did that go?  Not so well.  Vinaya grumbled about doing a “fourth meal.”  I don’t think she really knew what a “tea” consisted of, and I certainly didn’t know.  When I got down to her, she had a large platter set with three tea cups, a tea pot, and a plate of tiny sandwiches.  I suggested small plates for the sandwiches and saucers for the tea cups.  I got them, but I also got a lot of grumbling in some language I didn’t know.
Upstairs, things got worse.  Mathieu was waiting for me.  He grabbed my arm so hard I almost spilled the tray.
“I want you off this boat.  I am throwing you off the minute we get to any port.  Until then, you will be on your best behavior.  I want to hear ‘yes, sir’, ‘yes, mam.’  And you will stay away from my wife.  I catch you with her, you will swim for it.  Now.  Tell me.  What do you say?”
“Yes, sir.” And I even curtseyed.
He kept his hand on my arm, no doubt trying to intimidate me.  I could smell alcohol on him.  Drunk at four.  Not much of a man.  He was late-fifties and looked older.  He had always looked older.  When Saanvi had come back from Dubai with Elias’ baby, the family immediately started looking for her next husband.  She had Elias’ money, and his shares, and his baby.  All that needed to stay in the family.  So they ran a dozen of the family’s bachelors past her.  She was barely twenty, so most were young men, good looking and healthy.  She picked the old guy – Mathieu.  It surprised everyone.  Not me.  She was open about the plan – find an old guy who would be useful a few years, then take control when he died off.
He hadn’t died yet, but it looked a close thing.  His hair was gone.  He stood stooped over, a bit like a balloon slowly deflating.  Or melting.  Rolls of fat hung over his belt in every direction.  His jowls shook when he talked.  His color was either white or gray.  One look at him and you knew he wasn’t long for this world.  But.  He might have been a tub of lard, but it was a big tub.  A dangerous tub.  He squeezed my arm as hard as he could.  Not very hard for a man, but hard enough to hurt.  We stood together until he was sure he had made his point.  Then he dropped my arm like it was diseased and shuffled back to the others, a huge smile on his face.  He was the happy host.  I stood and caught my breath.
Saanvi and Al Harthi were seated at the large dining table in the covered portion of the deck.  They were carrying on a conversation and making an obvious effort not to see what Mathieu had been doing to me.  Fine.  I waited, straightened my sleeve, caught my breath, stood taller, and crossed the deck like I owned the boat.  First impression.  It mattered.
The ship was rolling somewhat, but I made it to the table in great shape and distributed the cups and plates.  I offered sandwiches, poured tea, and basically did what any waitress would do.  Two complications.  The minute I got anywhere near Mathieu, his hand went up my skirt – and stayed there.  I chose to ignore that – and him.  He got a curtsey and off I went to Saanvi.  
Al Harthi was the other complication.  He was the man I needed to study.  Somehow he was crucial to whatever Saanvi was planning.  What kind of man was he?  It was hard for me to see.  I got a brief glance from him as I poured his tea, and a polite “Thank you.”  But his attention was focused on Mathieu and Saanvi.  I could swear he was studying them like exhibits of some kind.  His attention was that complete.  I finished setting out the dishes, gave another curtsey, then retreated to the side board to await requests for refills.
It was an opportunity for me to study this new man.  Basics?  Early to mid-fifties, slightly larger than average, wearing the long white shirt and sandals of the locals, his head wrapped in a patterned cloth.  That kind of head wrap was Omani, or so I thought, but we had picked him up in Qatar so maybe that’s what they wore up there.
It was his face I studied most.  Skin the color of a deeper tan, the hawk nose favored in the Mideast.  Neatly trimmed beard.  But it is the eyes and mouth that I think tell me the most.  I have this scale – open to closed.  Eyes fully open, mouth relaxed – the guy is comfortable, enjoying himself, probably friendly.  As the eyes narrow and the mouth purses, the guy is more tensed, and probably more dangerous.  This guy is somehow involved in a plot to steal my company, so I am looking for narrow eyes and a leering mouth.  You know, the bad guy face.  Or I am looking for complete relaxation, after all, he is on a yacht with his fellow conspirators, and they love each other and the millions they will soon by stealing.  Instead, I get this guy who appears comfortable, but is looking at Mathieu and Saanvi like a doctor quietly checking for symptoms.  I dared to hope.  Maybe the deal wasn’t done yet.
His first impressions of me?  Yes, I was interested in how I looked to him.  My conclusions?  He didn’t know I existed.  A maid.  Part of the staff.  Part of the furniture.  I came, I toted this and that.  Sometimes I was around, sometimes I was not.  I never saw him take a good look at me.  Hmm.
I was up with them about half an hour while they sipped tea.  Mathieu called me over for refills after every third sip, mostly so he could feel me up.  And yes, I let him.  There might be some time for me to fight him, but this wasn’t it.
Eventually tea ended.  I gathered up all the tea things and prepared to take them down to the galley.  Saanvi found one more thing for me to do.  One more way for me to be a maid.
“Jessica, when you have the tea things put away, go to stateroom 3.  Mr. Al Harthi’s bags are there.  Please unpack his bags.”
I gave her a “yes, Mam” and a curtsey.  Off I went with the tray.  One more task for the maid to perform.  But.  I set the tray down near Vanaya, and suddenly it hit me.  I would unpack his bags.  I would see his bags.  What might I learn about him?  I practically raced back up the stairs.  
I had his bags open in seconds.  First, a word about men.  It’s not fair.  They have it so easy.  And Arab men have it easiest of all.  I unpacked and hung eight dishdashas.  That was pretty much it for him.  A second pair of sandals, a dozen pairs of underwear, and that was it.  Not even socks.  I did find a sweater down at the bottom of his bag.  I set that out, and put his toiletries in our bathroom.  Done.  Really.  I had over a dozen pairs of shoes, multiple bras for multiple gowns, and… well, you know what I am talking about.  It isn’t fair.  He gets up in the morning and puts on long white shirt.  He steps into sandals.  Ready for the day.  Not fair.
But enough complaining.  I had a chance to get into his business materials.  I took it.  First, a laptop.   I opened it and turned it on.  Any chance it wasn’t password protected?  No.  I closed it and put it on top of his dresser.  So much for that.  But.  He had a thick portfolio full of papers.  You can’t password protect papers.  I quickly went through all of them.  Arabic.  I had married a man from Dubai, I had lived in Dubai for nearly two years, I had run a business in Dubai.  My knowledge of Arabic?  None.  I really am slow.  If I still had my phone, I could have tried Google Translate, or I could have taken pictures of the pages and sent them off for translation.  If I still had my phone.  But Saanvi had my phone, and I couldn’t read a word of Arabic.  That was it.  The end of my snooping.  What had I learned?  Not a damn thing.  I pushed the papers back into his portfolio and left it on the top of his dresser.  Unpacking – and snooping – done.
What had I thought I could accomplish by coming here?  I would learn the plan?  Defeat the plan?  Save the village from the dragon?  I couldn’t even protect myself.  One man or another would take me whenever Saanvi chose.  The woman I loved.  The woman who said she loved me.  I sat on the edge of my bed wondering what to do next.  No problem.  Saanvi would keep me busy.  I heard her bell.  Great.  Another chance to see the galley.
I climbed the stairs and waited, swaying slightly as the boat rocked in the wind.
“Jessica, clean up the table again and ask Vinaya to make us a pitcher of lemonade.  Bring it out to the sun deck.”  The men followed Saanvi out into the sun.  They settled around a grouping of deck chairs.
I brought a tray over and gathered up drink glasses.  Mathieu had already gotten into the liquor.  A bit of ice was still in the bottom of the glass where he had sat.  He had drained all the alcohol.  It looked like Saanvi had joined him, but her glass was still mostly filled.  Al Harthi?  He also had a glass.  I kept my back turned toward the group on the fantail and put my finger in his glass.  Quick taste.  Water.  Interesting.  Even when surrounded by unbelievers, he followed his religion.  
Then I made another discovery.  As I moved around the table I found a tablet computer.  On the screen?  Sixteen of our stockholders and their holdings and a third column – X or blank.  I was so tempted to scroll down the screen to see who was an X and who not, but I feared being seen.  As it was, just looking at the tablet, I had learned their focus – stockholders, and their ratings of sixteen people.  I was careful to keep moving.  
I slid around to gather up glasses, all the time reading the names.  I knew these people.  X by Wankel, Werner, Wilner, Witzel.  I had met all of them.  Wankel was a light weight.  He didn’t matter.  Werner did.  Shit.  If he was in on this, we were in trouble.  He probably had more stock than me, and his family much more.  Shit.
I stacked the glasses, and hit the stairs before anyone saw me near that tablet.  The boat rocked and I got thrown against a wall coming down the stairs, but I wasn’t thinking about bruised shoulders, I was thinking about Werner.  What would make him go with Saanvi?  What was she using?  Money?  Board positions?  
I got the glasses onto the food bar and asked Vinaya about a pitcher of lemonade.  She pulled a pitcher out of a cabinet and quickly stirred in water and lemonade concentrate.  While she added ice cubes, she looked at me.
“You need a husband.”
“Yes.”
“He would not let you dress like that.”
“No.”
“Eat at two.  All shifts gather on the bridge at two.”
“Thank you.”  
I might be safe from the crew.  I carried the pitcher up to the main deck, and put it on a tray with three glasses.  I noticed the tablet was no longer on the table.  Sorry, folks.  Too late.  I had glimpsed the game.
Saanvi was all smiles when I put the pitcher and glasses next to her chair.
“Jessica, we will have dinner at seven.  If you have unpacked Mr. Al Harthi, you can take the rest of the afternoon off.”
“Thank you, mam.”  And I even curtseyed.  Really.  
Back in my room, I sat on my bed and thought about Bern.  Saanvi wasn’t in this alone.  Willa had thought there might be locals helping her.  Now I knew three names.  Three.  How many more were there?  How much trouble were we in?
I didn’t have an answer to that.  So I stared out my windows and watched water roll by.  And an occasional oil tanker.  Time passed, dinner approached.  Saanvi walked in.  She had a brightly colored silk dress on one arm, tossed it on my bed, and pulled me over to it.  She pushed me onto my back, climbed onto me, grabbed a fist full of hair on either side of my head, and lowered her face onto mine for a long kiss.
“I think he is attracted.  He pretended not to notice you, but I saw him looking.”
“And tonight I have him in my bed.”  As usual, I was looking up at her.  I assumed she could see my face clearly enough to know I was not happy.
“Yes.”  She stopped and pulled herself farther up on my chest, and lowered her face.  This was her determined look.  And maybe she was adding a bit of disappointment.  “We talked about this.  We each manage our man.  Al Harthi is yours.  You will manage him at the table, in your bed, on your back, and if he wants – on your knees.”
“You are making me a whore.  Carpenter this morning, Al Harthi tonight.”
“Carpenter was payback for a favor.”
“People used to be satisfied with a ‘Thank you.’”
“No they didn’t.”  She shifted again and tightened her legs around me.  “Mathieu went half crazy when he found out you were on the yacht.  He really was going to throw you overboard.  I told him I brought you to entertain Al Harthi.  And that is what you will do.”
“So I sleep with the man who helps you steal the company.”
“You help me take over the company.  Yes.  And then you and I live happily ever after.”
I didn’t have a clever comeback.  She had a plan.  I didn’t.  She laid on me a bit longer, played with my hair, kissed me, made me feel better.  When she saw what she wanted to see on my face, she pulled me up and helped me get into the dress she had brought.
First step, a push up bra that covered my entire rib cage.  By the time she had hooked the sixth eye, I knew I had taken my last full breath of the evening.  The bodice on the dress was just as tight.  And strapless.  In a region that stressed modesty, she put me in a strapless dress.  The skirt?  Widely flared.  Yards of material that ended just at my knees.  All of this in shades of red, orange, yellow and green.  She must have bought it in the Caribbean.  But I could see why she bought it.  The skirt never stopped moving.  It flowed, it slid, it made the slightest murmur as I moved.  The colors and motion caught the eye.  The sound caught the ear.  If I walked across a room in that dress, every head would turn.
But.  My shoulders were bare.  In the Mideast.  Al Harthi could just as easily be offended as enthralled.
“There’s a wrap.”  Saanvi read my mind.  She handed me a length of matching fabric.  It did wrap around my shoulders, and it covered at least a bit more of my chest.  “You decide how to wear the wrap – and when you should let it slide off.  Now.  Find some matching heels and get up on deck.  The quicker we can get another drink in Mathieu, the safer we will all be.”
As I rummaged around my closet, Saanvi continued her instructions.
“Abdullah will not drink wine.  You will make a pot of coffee on the sideboard.  Mathieu will drink Martinis.  I will drink red wine.  Open and decant a bottle from the wine rack.  Serve us.”  And she was gone.  She would make her entrance, I would make my own.
And I did make an entrance.  I climbed the stairs, arranged the wrap around my shoulders, took the deepest breath I could take in that bra, and stepped out into the dining area.  And they looked.  Conversation stopped, and they looked.  I stopped, gave a deep curtsey, smiled, and then moved to the sideboard.  I would serve.  But I no longer looked like a maid.  I knew I looked damn good. 
They wanted drinks before dinner?  Fine.  I made Mathieu a martini first.  Serve the lady first?  Not on this boat.  I made the driest martini I knew how to make, and brought it to Mathieu on a platter.  Did he smile or thank me?  No.  Mostly he studied my ass as I turned and walked away.  But I now had some liquor in him (not that he already hadn’t had plenty).  
Next.  Coffee?  I knew locals liked it strong.  I found a bag of Ethiopian beans and put them through the grinder and then got the percolator started.  Wine?  Obviously if you have a yacht, you have a wine rack.  Theirs was protected by a cabinet so nothing would go flying in a storm.  Decant?  I had actually done that for Elias one time.  Pull the cork, and carefully pour into a flask of some sort.  Why did you do it?  Your wine was so old it had lost some mush down at the bottom.  Can’t have that coming out into someone’s glass.  Not if you are impressing them.  Of course it only happens if the wine is like a million years old.  The oldest bottle in the rack?  Six years.  Fine.  I was putting on a show.  So, I took out that bottle, appeared to show real care as I pulled the cork, and then decanted most of it.  I brought Saanvi her wine, then went back for my coffee.
Meanwhile, I’m listening.  A bit of conversation about me.  I was a bartender Saanvi had met years ago in Dubai.  I was from some tiny town in the US.  After some legal problems there, I was back In Dubai.  Saanvi had been kind enough…  So.  That was my story.  Unfortunately, some elements were accurate.  I faced the coffee maker, pretended to be deaf, and finished the coffee.  
My turn at the table.  We were seated as couples - Saanvi and Mathieu on one side of the long table, Al Harthi opposite.  I set his coffee in front of him, curtseyed, and then sat next to him. You know how you can take a seat from either side.  I slid along the side closest to Al Harthi, my skirt brushing up against his shoulder as I slid in to my chair.  Then some moments moving my skirt around, and time to adjust my wrap around my shoulders.  This is all happening inches from Al Harthi.  His reaction?  He briefly looks in my direction, smiles, and begins a long conversation with Mathieu about European League soccer.
I am this mound of red silk within inches of Al Harthi, my posture perfect, my head erect, a picture of poise and beauty and… all I got was a brief smile.
That was my evening.  I was up multiple times to get drinks, and later I was down to the galley to bring up our dinner.  Over the course of all those trips I swung that skirt around and dropped a dozen curtseys and made sure every time I retook my seat, I slid in just past Al Harthi’s shoulder, my skirt all over his arm.  And yet, to the extent I could determine, I was invisible.  Maybe because I was just a bartender.  Maybe because I was Saanvi’s charity case.  Whatever the reason, I was there but not there.
I was annoyed, but not blind and deaf.  They might not be able to see me, but I could see and hear them.  What did I see?  Three people having empty conversations.  Football, fishing, the best restaurants in Dubai.  They might have been hiding more serious matters from me, but I got the impression these were people still getting to know each other – and struggling to find links.  Okay.  Good thing to know.  Apparently we would be out on the Gulf a few more days as negotiations dragged on.  Maybe my company wasn’t sunk yet.
Eventually the meal ended.  I brought around another round of drinks and the men walked toward the open end of the deck.  I heard Mathieu say, “She’s yours if you want her.  A bit old and saggy, but I hear she’s good on her knees.”  I am sure he said it loud enough so I could not help but hear.
Saanvi stood with me a moment.
“Clear off all of this, clean the table, then go to your room and get ready for him.”
“On my knees?”
No answer.  She refilled her wine glass and followed the men out to the open area.  The wind immediately pressed her skirt against her thighs.  I couldn’t help but notice.  Both men noticed too.
Cleaning and trucking dishes down to the galley didn’t take much time.  Getting ready for Al Harthi took longer.  I found myself just standing in my closet, my wrap still pulled tight around my shoulders.  She was making me a whore.  No question.  But there was a part of me that was at least somewhat interested in Al Harthi.  Maybe the way he sat.  Maybe the way he seemed to be examining Mathieu and Saanvi.  And yes, maybe the way he resembled Ibrahim.  About the same age and size.  My husband.
I was still standing in my closet when Saanvi came in.
‘How long is this going to take you?”  She took the wrap from me and hung it over a hanger.  My dress came off next.
“Leave your bra on.  It does great things for your breasts.”
“He never noticed.”
“He never stopped looking at you.  He might have been faced towards us, but you are the only thing he saw.”  She rummaged through my nightgowns and pulled out the whitest, narrowest, and longest.  She had it over my head and pulled down over my hips.  Then she pulled out a silk rope she had put in my bureau.
“Hands.”
“No.  I’ll let him fuck me, but leave my hands free.”
“I want to see what kind of man he is.”  She already had the rope tied around my waist.
“What kinds of men do you think there are?”  I kept my arms at my sides.
“Hands.  I’m not going to tell you again.”
“I want my hands free.  I’ll do good things with them.”
“If your hands are free, then whatever happens in here tonight is a gift from you.  If I bind you, then you are a gift from me.  Which do you think I prefer?  Now do what I tell you.”
I put my hands behind me.  She bound my wrists and led me to my bed.  She decided my ankles should also be bound.  After that, it was all about presentation.  She laid my head carefully on my pillow, spread my hair out, freshened my lipstick, and then placed a duvet over my hips.  She kept it low enough that the rope binding my wrists was visible.  Last move?  She took the straps of that nightgown and brought them just down over my shoulders.  I was the picture of the lady vulnerable and waiting.
She sat on the side of my bed and lowered her head over mine.  “He will want you.  Please him, Jessica.  Pease him like your life depends upon it.”  She gave me a long, lingering kiss, and then left, turning out the lights as she closed the door.  Final words?
“Be good tonight, my Jessica.  Maybe he will buy you and take you home with him.”  
It was several hours before he came to me.  I lay in my bed waiting.  I could hear people on deck.  The ship’s running lights projected deep shadows across the room.  The bed rocked slightly.  I might have drifted off to sleep.  If I had not been so angry.  Angry at Saanvi?  Yes, at first.  But then I was angry at Al Harthi.  I was here, waiting for him.  Where was he?  If I had not been tied in my bed, I might have gone out on deck after him.  Or, I might have locked the door.  You had your chance, now go sleep somewhere else.  But I couldn’t move.  So I waited.
When he finally came to me, he just stood by the side of my bed, a big man mostly in shadows.  He stood.  Silently.  So, it would be up to me to get things started.
“Do you like what you see?”
He hesitated a moment, then nodded.  “Yes.”
“So, I am no longer invisible to you?”
“Invisible?”
“At tea, and at dinner.  You never said a word to me.  You never looked at me.”
“I saw you.  When you served tea, I saw every curtsey.  Your knee would bend, your butt would drop, and your skirt would flare just a bit, exposing more of your legs.  Then when you rose, as you stood straight, your breasts bounced just a bit as you arched your back.  At dinner, you slid just past my elbow each time you took your seat.  Your silk skirts slid along my arm every time.  Once, you hit me with your hip.  When you served Saanvi and Mathieu you always leaned toward me and while your wrap still covered your shoulders, somehow it always dropped so that I could see the top of your breasts.  I saw you.”
“And now?”
“I see a beautiful woman waiting for a man.  But.  Are you waiting because you wish to wait, or because your employers told you to wait?”
“What if both were true?”
He edged a bit closer.
“And Saanvi?  I see the two of you go off together.  I see the way you look at each other.  Would you rather she stood here?”
“I am here, waiting for you.”
He stood over me, the wheels turning.  I’m his for the taking.  Will he?  Won’t he?  
He didn’t.  He backed away and I thought he might leave the room, but he just moved to the other side of the bed.  Off came the long shirt and his sandals.  Off came his underwear.  He dropped onto the far edge of the bed, pulled the duvet over him, and lay with his back to me.  
I think I would have been irritated, but I had noticed two things.  As he stood over me, his left hand was moving.  Very slight.  Almost invisible in the shadows, but it was held just a bit in my direction and moved slowly forward and back, as if he were stroking my hair or caressing my cheek.  He didn’t even know he was doing it, but I saw it.  I also saw him hesitate after he pulled his dishdasha off.  He stood, knowing I was looking at him.  Not bad for a man in his fifties.  Some gut, but still good shoulders and arms.  He looked solid.  He stood straight.  He wanted me to see. 
I looked at that large back and decided it was up to me to get things started.  I wanted the guy.  Complicated, but true.  Can’t explain it.  Yes, he resembled Ibrahim, but that was just barely an excuse.  I wanted him.  Because he might be an ally against Saanvi and Mathieu?  Because he might tell me their plan?  Because I was desperate and scared and alone?  I don’t know.  Could be I want his help.  Could be I just want him.  He has been on the boat a matter of hours.  This is enough for me to want him?  Apparently so.  
We share a big bed.  Saanvi had both my ankles and wrists bound.  He’s not coming to me.  I have to get to him.  Not easy.  Shoulders, hips, ankles.  Arching and sliding.  I even used my head to pull me part of the way.  He’s got to feel me moving around.  Think he might meet me in the middle?  No.  I kept at it.  Finally I slid up against his back.  No reaction.  I kissed the back of his neck.  No reaction.  If my wrists hadn’t been tied I think I would have punched him.  Actually, I am sure I would have punched him.
But I kept at it.  I slid tighter against him, my breasts pressed against his back.  I kissed his neck again.  No reaction.  I waited, then pushed up with my elbow and reached my face up to his shoulder.  I kissed his shoulder.  No reaction.  So, I bit him.  Clamped my teeth onto his shoulder and held on.  He slowly rolled toward me.  I let go.
“There is a limit to what you can ask of a man.”  He looked at me, our faces nearly touching.
“Hold me.  You can do that much.  Just put your arms around me.  Hold me to you.”
He put one arm under my neck and brought it up across my back.  He put the other hand on my shoulder, and stroked my skin.
“You won’t bite me now?”
“Hold me tighter.”  He did.
“You aren’t really a maid, are you?”
“I have been a waitress for many years, and a bartender.  And I have been a maid for a man I truly loved.”
“But you aren’t a maid now.”
“It’s complicated.”
“I like holding you.”
“You do it well.  Now you should kiss me.”
“Or you will bite my shoulder?”
“Do I have to?”
He paused before he kissed me, his face close, his eyes examining me.  I struggled to get myself into position, my face next to his on the pillow.  When he kissed me, he did it well.  He didn’t mash his face into mine.  He was gentle, but he held the kiss, and I could feel his breathing change.  Mine certainly did.
“You did that well.  Now please kiss me again.”  He did, and he held me tighter.  He slid one hand down to my ass and pulled me to him.  I really wanted this man.
“You are from Qatar?”  My face was no more than an inch from his.  I loved having his arms around me.  
“No, I am Omani.”
“Is that where we are going?”
“They have not told you?”
“There are mysteries on this boat.  Saanvi tells me little.”
“Why is that?”
It took me a minute to frame an answer.  “Saanvi and I are lovers, but we are also competitors.”
“Over what do you compete?  A man?”
“Mathieu?  No.  But years ago we fought for a man.  A good man.  Saanvi won.”
“And now?”
“Now we fight over a company.  Naturale.  Before he died, my husband was president.  Now?  Saanvi has a plan.  I think you are part of it.  She may use Mathieu briefly, but she will be president.”
“And that would be bad?”
“Yes.  It would be very bad.  I need to know her plan and stop it.”
“And I am to tell you?”
“No.  You are in my bed to hold me, and I hope to make love to me.  It is for Saanvi to tell me.  This is our fight.”
“You are right.  This is complicated.”
“Keep it simple.  Hold me tight.  Yes, like that, only tighter.  Now, kiss me.  Good.  Now some words.  The prophet, peace be upon him, said a man should go to a woman with soft words.”
“You want words and kisses.”
“Yes.”
It took a few minutes before I got the words, but when they came, they were very soft, and very nice.  He mixed them in with kisses.  Sliding over to his side of the bed had been a great idea.  The words continued, and the kisses continued.  I slowly rolled onto my back.
“Now make love to me.  Please.”
“You wish this?”
”I desire it greatly.  You will need to untie my ankles, then please make love to me.”
He took the rope off my ankles, and then waited.  Maybe for me to run off.  I just smiled up at him and kissed him.  He rolled into position over me, and waited again.  I just smiled.  He began sliding my nightgown up my legs.  Slowly, and with great care.  The man had moves.  Wow.  By the time he was up to my thighs I had stopped breathing.  I spread my legs.  I was desperate for the guy.
“Abdullah.  Now.  Please.”  And he began rocking into me.  I kissed his face and told him I loved him.  He kissed me and then rocked harder.  When he climaxed, he wrapped his arms around me and held me.  
“Tighter, Abdullah.  When you hold me, always hold me tighter.” 



 Chapter 17
Mathieu

He was good to me all night.  We lay face to face, sharing a pillow.  He pushed one arm under my neck and up my back, holding me tightly to him.  The other hand slid over my breast, my side, hip, thighs…  He listened as I told him what I liked.  Several times I asked him to take my ass and just pull me against him.  I kissed him as I felt him grow.
We slept much of the night, our faces always close, his arms always around me.  He was strong.  He held me tight.  I didn’t know this man.  He was part of a team attacking my company.  The enemy.  But he didn’t feel that way with his arms around me.  I can’t remember the last time I felt so safe in a man’s arms.  I pushed myself against him, feeling his warmth.
At dawn, he was up.  I felt him begin to move away from me, and I immediately objected.
“Stay with me. Please.”
“Dawn prayers.”  He slid out of bed.
“Untie me, and I will pray with you.”  He stared at me.  I rolled over onto my stomach so he could get at the silk rope.  He waited, and then he sat down next to me and worked out the knots.
“You are Muslim?”
“There is no God but God, and Mohammad is his messenger.”  I think I had that right.  When I had been married to Ibrahim, I could say it in Arabic.  No more.  Catholics don’t use Arabic much.
I knew the process for prayers.  We went into the bathroom first and did the ritual wash – hands, feet, face.  Then we stood in the bedroom looking west.  Mecca was somewhere out that way.  From then on I just followed Abdullah, standing when he stood, kneeling when he kneeled, head to the floor when he bowed.  There was a time when I had known a sura from the Quran to say as I knelt.  Now I just faced Mecca and thanked Allah for Abdullah.  Not really what you are supposed to pray, but Allah was merciful.  
I was careful to keep my shoulder to Abdullah’s shoulder.  Praying was meant to show connection – to God and to fellow Muslims.  I was really connected to this man.  I followed his motions, and then pulled him back into bed.
“When I lived in Dubai, I married Ibrahim al-Kindi.  We lived together over a year.  We prayed together often.”
“You left him?”
“He was killed while working on a water project near Yemen.  His family was unable to find me another husband, so I went back to the United States.”
We were lying facing each other, his arms holding me again.  His face was close.  I could see his eyes were studying me.  I didn’t mind being looked at, but I didn’t want him distracted.  I pressed my hips against him.  He slid his hand down over my ass and smiled.
“You still have much life in you.”
“Your turn.  How many wives do you have?  You have plenty of life in you too.”
“Omanis often have a blood disorder.  My wife gave me five children, but she did not survive the last one.”
“Your family will want you to remarry.”
“Yes.  Inshallah.”
“Allah shall will it, and you shall make some woman very happy.”
At this point he rolled over onto me, and made me very happy.  We were still smiling at each other when we moved to the shower.  He seemed to like the Jessica Shower Ceremony.  I know I did.  His shoulders were wide enough that I could put my elbows on them, and slide my hands across the back of his neck, holding him, and pulling myself up against him.  He also seemed to have the perfect height.  I could reach his lips while standing on my toes.  Of course his hand under my ass may have given me an extra inch or two.
He stood and watched me dress.  I gathered his wife didn’t often wear a black bra and black panties.  Of course neither had I.  I turned so he could zip the back of my dress.
“This is how maids dress where you are from?”
“I am from Amberg, Wisconsin.  We don’t have maids there, and women only dress like this in men’s fantasies.”
“Which men do you wear this for now?”
“I wear it for Saanvi.  She chose these for me.  She likes to look at me.”
“And you like her to look?”
“Yes.”  I turned to him.  “I hope you also like to look.”
“I do.”  He reached and placed a hand on my breast.  He stood looking at me, feeling my chest.  He said nothing more.  I waited.  Then he turned and moved to his closet.  It took him two minutes to dress.  Arab men have it the easiest.  
I took his hand and started toward the door.  He stopped me, and held me against him.
“Thank you for this time with you.  I hope we will be together again.”
“Me too.”  I kissed him, and then opened the door.  I led the way up the stairs, knowing my little black skirt was swinging in his face.  Let him think about that until this evening.
Saanvi and Mathieu were waiting at the table.  No surprise.  Would she really want to lounge in their bed or fool around in the shower with him?  I got a sly smile from Saanvi, and a surly look from Mathieu.  Clearly Abdullah had enjoyed a better night than he had.
I went to the sideboard and made coffee while the three of them exchanged the usual morning greetings – hope you slept well, the water seems to be calming, another sunny day, blah, blah, blah.  Any serious talk about their plot would wait until I was gone.
When I brought the coffee over, Mathieu seemed to want to give me orders.  Didn’t get anything last night?
“Make sure she doesn’t over cook the toast again.”  I curtseyed.  And yes, I paid attention to what I was doing.  Did my skirt flare?  Did my breasts bounce?  I hoped they did, and I hoped Abdullah enjoyed the show.
Down to the galley.  A steadier boat, so no collisions with any walls, but of course my real concern was the crew.  Luckily, it was just Vinaya and me.  And, while it weighed a ton, and just barely fit up the hall, she had found a much larger tray, so I could get all three meals on one tray – one trip.  This day just kept getting better.
After I got their food set out in front of them, I stood at my station and waited to refill coffee cups – as ordered.  But Saanvi said she would handle the coffee that morning.  I should start making up the rooms.  Apparently they wanted to get an early start on their plotting.  Fine.  Off I went.
Saanvi’s room first, of course.  I went straight to their bed.  I was curious.  Any signs they had been at it?  None.  No surprise.  He might not even be able to do it anymore, and if he did, how welcoming would Saanvi be?  I pulled the sheets tight at the corners and remade the bed.  No need for clean sheets.  Bathroom?  Wow.  Towels everywhere.  Did they have a fight in there?  I just gathered up everything and put them in the washer.
And Saanvi came in.  She reached into her closet and pulled out another silk rope.
“Hands.”  Obviously we were going to have a conversation, but we would have it her way.  I turned my back and she did the usual rope around the waist, tied tight, then around my wrists, tied firm.  She knew how to hold me but not hurt me.  That done, she pushed me to the obvious place – the bed I had just made.
She got me on my back, and climbed into her standard position, legs between mine, arms at my shoulders, hands holding my head, her hair carefully brought down like curtains on each side of our faces.  We would have our private moment.
“Were you good to him?”
“Yes.  Twice.  I expect him to smile all day while you do your plotting.”  She held my head a little tighter after that response.
“Our plotting gives me the castle, and you in our bed.”
“Is that what all this is about?  You want the castle?”
“And more.”
“Why not tell me?  What does victory look like?  Everything goes your way, and you win. What’s waiting in the winner’s circle?”
“There are four trophies.”  She paused, and I suspect she wanted to keep this from me, but it was too much for her to stop.  She was desperate to brag about what she was winning.  “The castle is one.  I will put you there.  You will give your tours, and the place will be the center of life in Bern.  The big events will occur when I am in town.  We will both wear ball gowns, and be the center of conversation as we move through the Great Hall.  By the way, I will be the one wearing the tiara.”
“Second trophy?  You are riding in it.  This one or a larger one.  We will dock with the other yachts and exchange invitations to visit – tuxedos and formal gowns with designer labels every night.  You will stay in the castle, but I will send you pictures.”
“Three?  Elias was right about opening up a branch in North America.  But I think Banff.  Much more attractive.  We will build one of those log lodges with huge windows overlooking the Canadian Rockies.  Fifteen or twenty thousand square feet.  Lots of room for entertaining.  There will always be guests.  We will dress like cowboys and cook whole steers on huge pits.”
“Four?  I think Australia.  They need water.  And they have money to pay for it.  We’ll put in some plants, but our headquarters will be a winery north of Sydney.  I hear they had fires and a drought.  I bet I can get a huge place for pennies on the dollar.”
“You are forgetting Africa.  They need water too.”  She holds my head even tighter now, and is putting more of her weight on my chest.  There is a price to pay for questioning her dream.
“You went to Africa, and what did that get you?  A few thousand dollars and a handshake.  You put in ninety wells.  Did the company get the water from them?  What did we really gain?  There is no money in Africa.  There is no reason for us to be there.”
“Emil wanted to help.”
“Emil was right about the future.  As the world gets hotter and people keep shitting in their local water, our water will be much more valuable.  But he was not a very good businessman.  He wanted to supply water.  Good, but he needed to supply water – where the money is.  Elias had that figured out.  That’s who got us to Dubai.  Bottom line, Jess.  My husband was smarter than your husband.”
“And you get four mansions?”  She loved that question.  I got a big smile.
“I have four sons.  I have forty years to mentor them, and twenty years past that to see them become the world’s water barons.”
Okay, I am dealing with someone who has the ego of Trump.  Flipping crazy.  Time to argue?  Not hardly.  She is leaning on my chest, and somewhere down below is Tomas – the bogey man.  But, if I were safe to respond, I would say the obvious.  1- You are a selfish bitch.  2- You have four sons, but they are the sons of Mathieu.  They will piss away your fortune before you have gray hair.  3- The one child who has a chance in life is your daughter – by Elias.  One day she will come for you, and it will not be pretty.
What do I actually have the courage to say?
“Could we trim all of that back, and just have the castle?”
“I want more.  But you and I will have fun up in your tower.  First you need to earn it.  You are going to be a good girl on this boat.  You will stop looking at tablets or anything else we leave out, you will keep Abdullah happy, and you will keep those perky tits peeking out of your uniform when you serve me.  Clear?”
“Clear.”
My reward for agreeing to be a good girl?  She spent the next fifteen minutes mauling me.  And, as always, she left me hot, wet, and desperate for her.  She also left my hands bound.  Apparently I was to wait here and think through the glories of her plan.  I lay back on her bed.  If she wanted lunch, she would come back for me.
It was Mathieu who came for me.  Shit.  I swung my legs off the bed and started to get up, but he pushed me in the chest and got me back on the bed.  I was scared to death he would be on me, but he just sat on the side of the bed, his hand on my chest, and then on my throat.
“You’re a bartender.  A bartender.  I will never understand why Elias wanted you.  I assume you were quick into his bed.  He was never sophisticated about that.  He dumps you in Dubai and takes Saanvi.  Finally he shows some sense.  Emil?  Cranky old man.  Who else is he going to get?  Then he dies.  I think finally, the bitch is gone for good now.  No.  That rock professor brings you back.  There seems to be no way to get you gone.”  
He is leaning over me as he talks, his hand tightening and loosening around my throat.  He is an old, tired, loser, but how strong did he have to be to finish me? 
“Saanvi is a good woman.  She gave me four sons.  But she is from the east, and women from there are funny.  She likes other women.  Lots of other women.  One of them is you.  Now she seems to be parading you in front of me.  Your tits hanging out, and your ass in the air.  You are what she wants.  So she lets you on this boat even after I forbid it.  And dresses you up like a whore.  Fun for her.  But this will end.”
His face is on top of mine.  I can smell his coffee breath and feel his spittle spraying against my face.
“This boat docks in three days.  You keep Al Harthi entertained until then.  Negotiations over, he leaves.  No need for you anymore.  The instant he’s off the boat I’ll put you in a room below and let the crew have you.  Once we are back out over deep water, over you go, with an anchor chain around your neck.  And that will finally get you gone.”  His hand keeps tightening around my throat.  Black spots start flickering around my vision.  His hand really hurts.  He is watching my face, enjoying my panic.  He tightens his hand, watching as I struggle.  I can’t breathe.  I am already half unconscious when he finally lets me go.
I lay there coughing, and he leaves the room.  I choke and gasp and cry.  My neck hurts so badly.  I was still coughing and crying when Saanvi came back.  She sat at the side of the bed and stroked my hair.  I looked up at her.
“You let him do that.”
“Once in a while he has to pretend to be the man in the house.”
“He hurt me.”
“You’ll be fine now.”  She pulled me up into a sitting position, my head on her shoulder, her arms wrapped around me.  She stroked my hair and kissed my cheek.  “No harm done.”
“He’s going to kill me.”
“Just relax.  Slow breaths.”  She continued to stroke my hair.  The kisses on my cheek became kisses on my mouth.  “He’s all talk.  Just be a good girl.  I’ll take care of you.”  She held me, stroked my hair and whispered in my ear.  She would take care of me.  Finally she reached behind me and untied my wrists.  Her arms went around me, and she gradually leaned me back onto the bed, her hand on my breast, her thigh forced between mine.  In between kisses she whispered how much she loved me.  She would bring me daffodils.  We would make love in my castle tower.  Slowly I calmed.  She played with the hair at the edge of my face, and smiled at me.  She would take care of me.  Everything would be fine.
Finally she got up, and helped me get to my feet.
“It looks like you will have to make up the bed again.”  She smiled.  A joke?  “But wait until after lunch.  You should serve that now.”
She turned and walked off.  As I watched her back disappear up the hallway, I was absolutely certain she had sent Mathieu in.  He was to scare me.  It had worked.  I was scared half to death.  But why did she want that?
All I wanted from the rest of that day was for it to end.  I hurt everywhere, and I was scared.  But I still had to serve lunch – big tray, one trip to the galley, thank you Vinaya.  One trip for lemonade out on the sun deck.  Back down to Saanvi’s room to remake the bed (I had tears on one pillow, but I just flipped it to the other side.  To hell with them.)  
Then to my room to wash the bedding, do my laundry, and wash Abdullah’s things.  I spent most of the time washing my nightgown.  I really liked it, and wanted to wear it again.  I had a washer and dryer in my bathroom, used the gentle cycle, and hoped.  Rather than chance the dryer, I hung it over a line in my shower.  Maybe.  I was pretty sure I looked good in it.
Tea was cancelled.  I assume Vinaya put up a stink.  Good for her.  Dinner at seven, drinks to start.  I changed out of my maid uniform and put on another silk dress.  Lots of skirt.  Tiny sleeves so my shoulders were covered, but a deeply scooped chest.  Now that I knew what Abdullah liked…  
Mathieu.  Saanvi watched me move around the dining area.  I caught smiles.  She liked what I was wearing.  Abdullah pretended I was invisible again, but I knew he was watching.  When I wasn’t serving, I sat close, and crossed and uncrossed my legs to feel my skirt slide across me and against Abdullah.  I enjoyed those moments.  But, there was Mathieu.  Mathieu who stared, Mathieu who slid his hand up under my dress whenever I brought anything to him, Mathieu who smirked and made jokes about how much better I would look on my knees.
Crude, and nasty.  But the real problem was his eyes.  I brought him his third martini assuming the world would soon be a blur to him.  But his eyes were focused.  And mean.  I could still feel his hands on my neck.  And I knew Saanvi was wrong.  He really would kill me.  I brought drinks then dinner.  I moved around them and sat at their table.  But I felt miles away.     
Dinner conversation?  Restaurants in Oman.  I listened, I served, I waited until the meal was over.  Saanvi dismissed me as she had the night before.  Fine.  I got the dirty dishes down to the galley, and raced up to my room.  I desperately wanted to lock my door.  As if that would do any good.  Mathieu owned the boat, Mathieu ran the boat, Mathieu would do whatever he wanted on the boat.  He would wrap me in anchor chair and drop me over the side.  I was certain of it.
I sat on the edge of my bed waiting for some brilliant plan to form.  Instead, I just felt the bruises on my neck and the night’s dinner lying cold in my stomach.
Saanvi came to me.  Eventually.  She was all smiles and compliments.  
“I am so glad you chose to wear that silk.  It looks so good on you.”  As she is saying this, she has her hands all over me, and she even turns me around to see it from every angle.  She touches my hair, she touches the neckline of the gown, she puts her palm on my breast.  “I watched Abdullah all through dinner.  I think he went a little bit crazy every time your skirt slid past his shoulder.”
“Mathieu grabbed my ass, laughed at me, and stared at me through the whole meal. I could see it in his eyes.  He is going to kill me.”
“I’ll take care of Mathieu.  You take care of Abdullah.  You have him, now keep him.”  She pulled me towards my closet and got my dress off.  “Let’s get you ready for your man.”
I let her undress me.  She was an expert.  She moved slowly and touched me everywhere.  And her hands, well her hands are special.  I liked each touch.  Dress off, nightgown on, hands all over me, her body against mine, her breath against my neck.  My breathing had already changed.
“Where’s your silk?”  She meant the rope.  I pulled it off the top of my dresser, and she wrapped it around my waist.  I put my hands behind my back before she asked.
“I have watched the way he looked at you today.  You have him.  He will go crazy when he finds you like this again.”
She finished tying my wrists, and then pushed me back against a wall.  She slid a foot in between mine, then put a hand on my ass and essentially pulled me up onto her thigh.  She knew exactly what she was doing to me.  I was already hot when she took a fist full of hair at the back of my neck and forced my back into an arch.  She looked down into my face as she moved her thigh against me.
“We will be in Muscat in three days.  Negotiations are going well.  The company will be mine.  And we will be together.”  She made me wait for a kiss and for her thigh to raise my temperature even higher.  She continued when she saw what she wanted in my eyes and felt my breathing change.  
“Keep doing what you are doing for Abdullah.  It will keep you safe.”  Okay, message received.  More kisses, more breathing in my ear, more work with her hands and thigh.  You have to hand it to her.  In the middle of pushing me for an orgasm, she warns me to do my job.
She worked me over some more, then walked me back to the bed and laid me in it.  
“Untie me, Saanvi.  Let me use my hands when he comes.”
“Just lie still.  This rope will arouse him much more than anything you can do with your hands.”  She placed my head on the pillow and arranged my hair.  Then she went for the other rope and bound my ankles.  This time she first crosses my ankles so they are tight together.  And when she knots the rope, it is tight.  Yesterday I might have kicked free.  Not today.  She placed the duvet over my legs, pulled it just past my hips, and then sat beside me.
“He is single, Jess.  Wife died two years ago.  He hasn’t had a woman in two years.  Make the man happy.  Maybe I’ll let him buy you.  Maybe I will throw you in as part of the deal.  You have lived in an Arab home before.  You can work his kitchen and warm his bed.  You know the rules.”  She leaned down to kiss me like mothers kiss little girls, and she left.  Once again I am in the dark, waiting.
So, I am not just a maid, I am a whore who may end up a slave.  If Mathieu doesn’t drop me over the side.  Lovely.  Do I think about it?  Of course.  I don’t remember ever being so scared.  And so helpless.  Will Saanvi help me?  Can she?  Time passes.  She has turned off my light, so time passes in the dark.  Yes, there is some light coming through the port holes, but that just gives me shadows on the wall.  So I wait.  I tried to remember how long I had waited the previous night.  This seemed longer.  Much longer.  I find myself listening carefully for steps in the hall, or voices coming from the main deck.  I can’t hear a damn thing.
When he finally came into the room, I think I would have leapt into his arms had I been able to move.  He stood over me, looking through the shadows of the darkened room.  Then he sat next to me and put a hand on my cheek.
“Would you like me to untie you?”
“Yes, but hold me first.”
He stood and undressed, then he went around to his side of the bed, and slid in next to me.  I turned to face him, sliding to him as best I could.  He wrapped his arms around me, and pulled me tightly against him.
“This is the safest I have felt all day.  Thank you.”  He played a bit with the pillow so our faces were close.  I kissed him.  “I don’t know you, but you are the only one on this boat I trust.”
“You have Saanvi.  I see the way you look at each other.”
“I love her, and I want to be with her, but I don’t trust her.  I know she is a bad person.”  
I slowly rolled onto my back, bringing him over me.  He was warm, and fairly heavy.  But he felt like a shield for me.  He slid one leg across me, but still laid mostly on his side.  The hand under my shoulders kept me tight to him.  His other hand played with the hair on the edge of my face.  He stroked it away from my cheek.  I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling.
“Jessica, tell me why you got on this boat.”  He had raised his head over mine, and looked down at me with his dark brown eyes.
“I wanted to save my company.”  He said nothing in return.  I looked up at him, waited, and then added, “And I wanted to be with Saanvi.”
“And if you can only do one of those?”
“I fear I will do neither.”
He continued to play with my hair, and kissed me from time to time.  I loved the silence.  I loved the warmth of his hand.  I loved feeling his body against mine.
“Will you make love to me tonight?”
He continued to play with my hair, and then said, “Do you wish it?”
“Yes, please.”
“You are sure?”
“Please don’t make me beg.”
I felt his hand slide down my leg.  He found the rope and untied it.  I spread my legs.  He slid on top of me, and pushed up my night gown.
“Your hands?”
“Later.”  I was already feeling him between my legs.  He pushed into me faster than he had the night before, but he moved slowly inside me.  I wanted him to move faster.  I was already wet, my back arched.  I wanted him.  He moved in me.  There was a rhythm.  It went on until I was nearly crazy, and then I felt him burst in me.  He wrapped his arms around my shoulders.  I wrapped my legs around his thighs.  We lay frozen together for a very long time.
“I have no husband.”  Odd thing to say, but it just came out of my mouth.
“I would make you choose between me and Saanvi.”
“I cannot.”  
I waited for him to push me away, but he didn’t.  He kissed me, and slowly lay down beside me.  One hand continued to hold me to him.  The other slid over my breasts.  My nightgown was soaked in sweat.  His fingers stroked my breasts and then my face.  I reached with my face, and kissed him.  We lay together the rest of the night without saying a word.



Chapter 18
 I Find Religion
 
Dawn was silent.  And beautiful.  He untied my wrists, and we washed before prayers.  I stood tight against his shoulder.  I was remembering the sequence of movements better, so I matched him better as he kneeled and as he bowed.  I thanked Allah for the blessing of silence, and the warmth of his shoulder.
We showered much as we had the day before.  My hands free now, I showed him what they could do.  When we dressed, I stood a long time with just my panties and bra.  I asked him to hook the back, and then I put his hand on my breast while we kissed.  He showed me how to wrap the scarf around his head, and I reached up, really just to lean my breasts into him and hold his head in my hands.  He finished the wrapping.  I waited until he had his dishdasha on, and then I stepped into my uniform.  I let him pull it over my shoulders and zip the back.  I pulled myself tight to him while he did my zipper, and waited while his hands slid down to my ass.  I felt him bulge against my hips as I held him and kissed him.
“If you wish, I would like to pray with you during the day.  May I?”
“I pray on the top deck, behind the captain’s control area.  You must dress modestly, Jessica.”
“I will.”  Actually, I had no idea what I might wear, but I wanted to see him during the day and this suddenly seemed like a brilliant way to get even closer to him. 
“I pray just before lunch.  Do you have time to pray then?”
“I will find time.”
 “You are a gift to me.”
And he left.  I needed a few more minutes to work on my hair and makeup.  There was a makeup table in the corner that had all the best brands.  I sat at the stool and worked on my eyes.  
Saanvi came in, and locked the door behind her.  I continued with eye liner.  I watched her in the mirror.  She stood behind me, her thighs against my back, her hands playing in my hair.
“I was unkind yesterday.”
“You sent Mathieu in to abuse me and scare me.  Yes, you were unkind.”  I put down the eye liner and chose a lipstick.
“But I gave you Abdullah.”
“You gave me to Abdullah to make him happy.  You need him for your plot, and I am assigned to keep him here and happy.”
“But you like him.”
“Yes.”
“So you will have him, and you will have me.”
“You are forgetting Mathieu and Tomas and Carpenter and all the others who want to hurt me.  I am in danger every minute on this boat.”
“I will protect you.”
“No, you will threaten me with Carpenter, and send Mathieu in to abuse me.”
“I won’t let that happen.”  I looked in the mirror to see her expression.  She was telling the truth.  She could control both men.  Which meant all that had happened so far had been with her permission.  She wanted me scared.  She wanted me weak.
“If either man touches me, you and I are done.”
“Agreed.”
“And.  I will no longer wear these uniforms.”
She slid her hands down my chest and cupped both my breasts.  “I like this look on you.  You have marvelous breasts and great legs.”
“I have very pretty clothes.”
“You will wear your uniforms during the day.  You are my maid.  You need to remember that.” 
I stared back at her in the mirror.  And I felt her hands on me.  She whispered in my ear, her hands now sliding around my chest in a hug.  I turned my face up to her, and then kissed her.
“I shouldn’t want you, but I do.”
She pulled me up and we stood together, our arms around each other.  She was wearing heels, I was still barefoot.  She had perfect makeup, I had only done part of my face.  She held me close, bending my head back, her face and hair over me.  She knew how to command.  She made me wait for a kiss.  When it came, it was light, accompanied with a hand on my throat and a thigh against my hips.  She smiled as she looked at me.  She knew me.  She owned me.  She was smiling at her personal property.
“I know you will please me.”



Chapter 19
 Changes

Okay.  A couple important changes that morning.  I talked to Saanvi about prayers.  Was she also Muslim?  I had no idea.  But she had lived in the region and knew the practices.  She knew the times.  She instantly adjusted meal times.  Lunch would slide to twelve thirty.  Dinner would stay at seven.  They would take a mid-afternoon break in plotting so Abdullah could pray.  Why had they not adjusted their schedule the minute Abdullah got on board?  Mathieu.  He was Catholic, so the whole world should be Catholic.  He had probably been ignoring the local customs his entire time in the region.  One more reason why Emil should never have sent him here.  Saanvi spoke with Vinaya and got the meal schedule changed.  Mathieu might have argued with Saanvi.  He did not want to argue with Vinaya.
Modest clothing?  Saanvi had a closet full.  But she had a rule.  If I wore the local clothing, I would have to wear it all – the abaya cloak, the hijab head wrap, and the niqab face veil.  All in black.  Years earlier both of us had worn such clothing while we did some shopping in local souks.  It was also how she disguised me as she took me off into the desert to be held by her father.  But I agreed to wear it, niqab and all. 
Until noon, my routine was unchanged.  I brought breakfast up from the galley, made coffee, then cleared out of the way while they plotted.  I cleaned Saanvi’s room (still no sign anything was happening in their bed), and did their laundry (endless towels for some reason).  
Saanvi joined me just before noon and helped me dress.  The long black cloak was easy, and I wrapped the scarf around my head well enough.  I hesitated at the veil.  It was over a foot long and wrapped around my face.  A band at the top wrapped around my forehead and tied in the back.  There were small eye holes, but the veil completely hid the rest of my face.  It felt like it hid the rest of me.  I disappeared into a mound of black fabric.  Saanvi watched me hesitate and tied it for me.
“Go.  Pray with him.  He will treat you better.”
First I needed to climb two flights of stairs with a cloak so long it dragged behind me, while I struggled to see.  I had no peripheral vision.  I grabbed two fists full of the cloak’s skirt and took every stair with care.
Abdullah was waiting for me.  He was kneeling on his prayer carpet, looking west.  I knelt beside him.  Neither of us said a word.  We looked out across the water toward the distant shore.  I was breathing hard from climbing the stairs, but gradually my breathing slowed and I calmed.  The sun was hot, and my black clothing absorbed heat, but it did not feel too oppressive.  I was more bothered by the wind pushing the veil flat against my face, blocking my nose and mouth, but I found I could breathe.  In short, I knelt at his side and slowly relaxed.
When he felt I was ready, Abdullah touched my hand and we began.  I said what he said, knowing I was getting some of the Arabic wrong, I rose when he rose, knelt when he knelt, bowed to the ground when he bowed.  It only took a few minutes.
When we were done, we continued to kneel next to each other, feeling the wind blow cross us.
“I have never prayed with a woman before.  Not even my wife.  I am not sure it is permitted.  But I am pleased we prayed together.”
“I would like to join you here again at mid-afternoon and sunset.  Evening prayers we can say together in our room.”
“Truly you are a believer?”  He turned towards me, and I knew this was a question that mattered.  I chose not to lie.
“I am a woman.  Ibrahim was Muslim.  I was his wife.  So I was Muslim.  Emil was Catholic.  I was his wife.  So I was Catholic.”
“You are not my wife.”
“You are the only man on this boat I respect.”
“And when I leave this boat?”
“Inshallah.”
He helped me to my feet and took my arm as I struggled down the stairs.  Minutes later I was out of my prayer clothes and rushing after lunch, once again a maid, and once again the object of Mathieu’s insults.  But I remembered the feel of Abdullah’s shoulder against mine as we had knelt and prayed.  And lunch wasn’t so bad.
I did my room in the afternoon, carefully washing my nightgown again.  I was ironing one of Abdullah’s dishdashas when Saanvi came in.  She never knocked.  She just came in.
“You are happy now?”
“Yes.  Thank you.”
“Show me what you will wear tonight.”  
I had decided on the yellow formal I had worn the last night in Bern.  I lifted the hanger off the bar and showed it to her.
“Let me see it on you.”
It only took a second to get out of my uniform dress.  The formal was a little more work.  I got it over my hips, but not with much room to spare.  Saanvi did the zipper for me, and then stood looking.
“Hands.”  She held the silk rope that had been on my dresser.
“Don’t do that.  If you wrap the silk around my waist, it will wrinkle the dress.”
“I will just do your wrists.  And stop whining.  You know you want me panting over you.”  
That was true, actually.  I turned my back to her and gave her my wrists.  She bound them, and then started playing with my dress.  Her hands were all over my ass, and then all over my shoulders as she pulled down each of the straps and played with my breasts.  Then she pushed me onto my bed and climbed into her usual position.  I was sure the dress was getting wrinkled.
“He has asked about you.”
“What does he ask?”
“He offered to pay me for you.  He wants another maid.”
“We both know he wants a woman for his bed.  He can get plenty of women to clean.”
“How much should I ask for you?”
“Don’t you dare.”  Of course as I was saying that, I was also wondering what life with him might be like.
“If you would rather stay with me, say it.”
“I love you.  I want you.  I wish to stay with you.”
“You will be my castle wife.  But if I send you off with him, you will go.”  She is staring down at me as she says this.  She has a point to make.  I will do what she says.  I will go where she says.  I will go with whom she says.  She doesn’t wait for my agreement.  That is not necessary.  She assumes I will do what she wishes.  She looks, she smiles.  Then she tightens her grip on my hair and lowers her face.  She has more to say.
“Mathieu has questions about you and Abdullah.  He did not know you are Muslim.  He wants to know what the two of you talk about when you are together.”
“Mathieu is worried I might get too close to Abdullah.  I might tell him things, or he might tell me things.  Right?  And you, are you worried?”
She didn’t pull my hair out, but she was close.  Her grip hurt.  My mistake.  I had challenged her.  And I was probably much too close to the truth.
“Just keep him happy.  That is your job.  I know you won’t say anything you shouldn’t.”
And she was done with me.  Back to plotting upstairs.  I had to remind her to untie me before she ran off.  
I wrapped myself up for mid-afternoon prayers.  Back up the stairs.  Back to pulling up skirts and looking through holes that were much too small.  Back to Abdullah.  We were to pray with shoulders touching.  I thought my hip touching would be a helpful addition.  I knelt close, we stared off across the water, let the wind beat on us a bit, and then, when we were both settled, he led our prayers.
We knelt together for a long time after our prayers, but we said nothing.  I was fine with that.  After our sunset prayers we also knelt for a long time.  The sun was gone, but there were colors in the sky to our west.  Above Mecca.  We knelt, we looked, we touched at our shoulders and at our hips.  I felt like we were breathing in unison.  I liked the silence, but I was grateful when he spoke.
“I offered to buy you from them.”
“You need a maid?”
“Mathieu said he will not sell.  He said you will never leave this boat.”
“He is a dangerous man.”
“And Saanvi?”
“That’s complicated.”
“This woman you love.”
“Yes, this woman I love.”
Not the best way to end the conversation.  But that is how we left things.  He helped me up, got me down the stairs without falling, and I was off to my room to change and bring up dinner. 
It took me to dinner time to get the wrinkles out of the gown and get my makeup in reasonable shape.  My hair, of course, was a mess, but there was so little I could do with it to begin with, I just dragged a comb through it and hoped the room was dark.  I decided they could get their own damn drinks.  I waited until seven, and then went down to the galley.
Vinaya, bless her heart, actually smiled when she saw me.
“You are a lady.  Now you will find a husband.”  I could always hope.
We did the usual with the food.  She had a lamb and curry dish.  I had salads.  I followed her up all the steps (not easy in a tight fitting gown and four inch heels).  As we entered the main deck dining room, she paused for a moment, then stepped to one side so the others could see me.  I saw two huge smiles, and a man who looked like he wanted to belch.
I had to run around for a few minutes, putting out plates and getting Mathieu yet another martini.  But then I was able to take the fourth chair at the table – mine.  Abdullah even held my chair for me.  Every table should have at least one gentleman.  The other guy?  He decided to be annoying.
“Jessica, I was explaining this afternoon that you are a bartender.  Could you tell us about that?”
“Happy to.”  I smiled across the table at that old, bald, lump of lard.  “I am from a small town.  Two hundred people.  Mostly loggers.  We have one bar in town – my father’s.  It has seats for maybe twenty, and a pool table.  I worked full time there while my girls were in school – about ten years.  I still work there if he needs me.”
“And you live in a caravan.”
“We call them trailers in the U.S.  I grew up in mine, and raised my daughters in it.  Last year I put a basement under it and put on an addition.  I have two bathrooms now.  Both in doors.”  I gave him the biggest smile I had.
That seemed to end the conversation for a moment.  I took a bite of my lamb.  Curry scares me.  You never know how hot it is until you eat some, and by then it is too late to do anything about it.  As it turned out, this was pretty mild.  Vinaya had done a nice job.  
“I was also telling Abdullah about one of your many husbands.  Abraham, wasn’t it?  After he was killed, I hear you had a go at his son.”  Our table was about six feet in diameter.  Too far to reach across, but I had my steak knife in my hand in an instant and was about to leap over the table.
“Shut up.”  Saanvi slapped Mathieu, and then kept her hand in his face.  “You drunken fool.” Meanwhile, Abdullah was holding my knife hand to the table.  I turned to punch him with my free hand, but he grabbed that hand too.  The man was fast.
“Death is never a good topic for a dinner table.”  Abdullah took both my hands and moved them to his lap.
“Fuck this.  I’m going to my room.”  Mathieu got up and staggered to the stairway.
“I should go with him.”  Saanvi followed him.
Abdullah and I sat at the table.  He let go of my hands.  I saw I had not cut him, but my knife had left some curry on his shirt.
“I’m sorry.  I will wash that out yet tonight.”
“I’m sure it will be all right.”
“No, it will stain if I don’t get it all out.”
“Now, you want to argue about curry stains?”
“No.  What I wanted was to sit at this table and be treated well.”  I pushed my knife back onto my plate.  My hand was shaking.  Curry was all over the table cloth.  I had really made a mess.
“I assume your differences with Mathieu are long standing.”
“He tried to hurt me yesterday, but we had no connection at all before that.  He was an invisible member of the family.  Average guy, average job.  I was with Elias Gruber when he was company CEO, and with Emil Gruber years later when he took over for Elias.  I suppose I was at some of the parties and company gatherings Mathieu wasn’t invited to.  It appears he hasn’t forgotten those days.”
“You don’t respect him.”
“I guess not.  Neither does Saanvi.”
“But she married him.”
I took a long look at Abdullah.  How much did I tell him?  And did I tell him now?  
“He has two features she needs.  One, he has a dick.  He gave her four sons, sons she thinks will establish her dynasty.  It also helps to have a dick in business.  No offense.  Doing business here, she can follow him into an office and have him say the things no one would hear from a woman.  He can make deals – deals she has designed.”
“Second?”
“He is old.  No one is sure of how old Saanvi is.  She lied about her age when she first got to Dubai in order to get a job.  She may still be lying about it.  She is in her twenties, but no one knows how far along.  He is in his late fifties.  After Elias was killed, she could have married lots of men.  Why pick this mediocrity?  He was the oldest guy available.  She is stuck with him maybe fifteen years, and then he drops dead from a stroke.  He is old and fat and drinks like crazy.  She will be rid of him soon enough.”
“You know this?”
“She told me this.  We talk in bed.”
Okay, that set us up for a long silence.  Somewhere in there he took my hand.  I put my napkin in my water glass and picked a bit at his curry stain.  He leaned closer so I could do it, and then he leaned closer yet, his hand on my cheek.
“Tomorrow night will go better.”
“Tonight will still be fine.  But I need you to tell me I look lovely, pull out my chair, put an arm around me as you walk me to our room, and help me take off this dress.”
“I can do more than that.”  He stood and held my chair.  Then he took me in his arms and whispered some very nice things while sliding my dress strap over my shoulder.  When we got to our room, I did wash out the curry stain, but I did it with him wrapped around me from behind, his hands on my breasts and his bulge reminding me to work quickly.  We missed evening prayers.  But it was still a great night.



Chapter 20
 Dancing the Wrong Dance

I loved having my hands free that night.  I pulled myself tight against him, played with his hair, and grabbed him by his beard.  Funny, Ibrahim had a beard too, but I had never played with it.  With Abdullah, I found myself grabbing it at the chin and pulling his head around whenever I wanted a kiss.  After ten or twenty times, he just muttered, “I should have tied your hands.” 
Mostly I pulled him on top of me – my man-blanket.  And I held him in place.  His big arms wrapped around me as well.  I felt like we were merging.  I liked it.
At dawn we did our prayers.  He pulled on a dishdasha.  I stayed in my night gown, my shoulder and hip pressed to his side.  Back in bed, I asked a question.  I hoped I had earned the right to an honest answer.
“Who are you?”  I let go of his beard.  I was not playing now.  I was looking up at him and hoping to finally learn about this man.  “I have told you about Mathieu, and he has told you about me.  And I have told you about Saanvi.  The only person left – is you.  What should I know?”
“You know I am fifty seven, and my wife has died.”
“You weren’t always fifty seven.  Go back a few years.”
“You are an American, so you will like to know this.  When I was eighteen, a high school senior, I took a test.  All the boys in Oman took it.”
“Stop.  I think I know this story.  Ibrahim also took a test.  If he finished in the top ten percent, he got free college in the U.S.  Ten through twenty five percent, they got Europe.  You were in the top ten percent.”
“Yes.”
“He went to the University of Iowa.  Is that where you went?”
“No.  All of us wanted Arizona or California – warm places like here.  But I was late to finish my forms, so those spots were taken.  I got Minnesota.”
“I love Minnesota.  Did you ever take Highway 61 up along Lake Superior?”
“I traveled many places.  I even learned to ski.  But I never learned to love the cold.”
“How long were you there?”
“Six years.”
“Six years?”  I wasn’t sure how to ask my next question.  My daughters had earned their bachelor’s degree in four years.  Had Abdullah just been some fraternity bum?  “Why six years?”
“I began as a mathematics major.  Then I became interested in economics.  That led me to finance.”
“So you changed your major three times.”
“No, I received a degree in all three.”
There was in instant where I was impressed, but then another thought came to me.
“So now you work at…”
“I am one of the principals at the Bank of Muscat.”
My right hand was free, and I slammed it into his back.  I hit him pretty hard, and reached back to do it again.  He caught my arm, and then grabbed my left arm as well, holding them down next to my head.  But he didn’t block my mouth.
“This is all about you, isn’t it?  You are the key to what is going on.  I thought they had stolen enough money to buy my company, but no, they are getting it from you.”
“It is not your company, Jessica.”  He held me firmly, his face just inches from mine.  “It is not your company.  It belongs to 686 investors.  They get to decide what to do with their investment.”
“It’s a family company, and it is being robbed by Saanvi and her idiot husband.”
“Your family has many branches.  Not all are happy.”  He waited.  I guess he wanted emphasis.  Maybe he wanted me to argue the point.  
“So there are branches that approve of theft?  That is how you see our family?  Is that your excuse for participating in this crime?  You agree with their plan?”
“I won’t tell you what I do or do not agree with, nor will I tell you what the bank will or will not do.”
“Why not?”
“Because every day you are with Saanvi.  And she tells me your dream – to be her wife and live in her castle.  If there are two sides to this business, Jessica, which side are you on?  Do you know?”
“That’s pretty rough.”  I suddenly found I had trouble looking up at him.
“Tell me it isn’t true.”
“Let go of my hands, please.  I promise not to hit you.”  He let go of my wrists, and I lay my arms down at my side.  I looked left.  I looked right.  I looked everywhere but up into his eyes.  “When I am with her, I become another person.”
“No, there is only one of you.”
I swear I looked up at him for two or three eternities.  Finally, I said, “Am I a person you can love?”
“Yes.”  One word.  Just one word.  But I think it saved my life that morning.
We climbed out of bed and showered together.  I washed him and kissed him, and he me, but neither of us said a word.  He stood close while I dressed, and helped hook my bra and zip my uniform.  His touch mattered.  Nearness mattered.  I leaned in to him and kissed him.  
“I am yours.  If you want me.  I am yours.”
“I want you.”
Then he left.  I finished drying my hair and putting on minimal makeup, going through normal morning activities, but of course everything had changed.  I think I had found a man.
Saanvi didn’t come to me that morning.  I am not sure what I would have done or said if she had.  I performed my assigned daily tasks – breakfast up from the galley, her room cleaned and laundry done.  Prayers before lunch.  He waited and helped me up the stairs.  I knelt close.  Lunch brought up from the galley, then our room cleaned – my room with Abdullah. I washed his long shirts and my nightgown.  I thought about him.  And I thought about Saanvi.  And I thought about me.
Prayers mid-afternoon.  Prayers at sunset.  The two of us up on the deck.  He held my hand.  We didn’t say a word.
Dinner time came.  My time to wear one of my best gowns.  As usual, Saanvi chose it for me.
“Your waltz gown.  He should see you in it.  I will wear one of mine.  He should see what you look like dressed for a ball.”
I liked the idea.  The gown was blue satin.  Wide ruffles, low neckline.  I would look good for both Saanvi and Abdullah.  I even put petticoats under the skirt.  Satin would press up against Abdullah whenever I slid between our chairs.  Foreplay.
Wide skirts over petticoats are not easy on boat stairways.  Vinaya was waiting in the galley.  A large tray with a pasta dish for her, a large tray with everything else for me.  Her comment?  “Tonight you find a husband.”  Then she led the way back up to the main deck.  My skirts were even more trouble going up the stairs, but I managed.  And, whatever trouble the skirts were, they were worth it.  Saanvi told me I looked beautiful.  Abdullah agreed as he held my chair and seated me.  Mathieu looked, but said nothing.  I guess that was an improvement for him.
“I guess we both dressed for a waltz this evening.”  Saanvi motioned toward her gown.  Satin, of course, and a golden hue that highlighted her skin tone.  Sleeveless with spaghetti straps that reached a long way down to a fold of fabric that just barely covered her breasts.  I was desperate to not stare at her chest, but my eyes, well my eyes did what they wanted to do.
“The company castle in Bern has a huge hall where we hold dances.  Waltzes mostly.  Jessica loves to waltz, don’t you?”  Saanvi smiled at me.  
My turn.  “The Great Hall is the perfect size.  There is room for any number of musicians, and I have seen as many as fifty couples out on the dance floor.”  And I was off.  I think I spent the next half hour describing the most recent dances, the groups that used the hall as part of their Christmas outings, my times on the dance floor with Emil, even the different style waltzes.  I sat straight, played a bit with my food, but mostly I just talked, and looked, first at Saanvi, and then at Abdullah, and then Saanvi again.  They ate.  I talked.  
Mathieu had two or three martinis and went through a second plate of pasta.  I talked.  Has that ever happened to you?  You start talking, and you know you are talking far too much, but you can’t think of a way to stop, so you just keep going.  I swear I would have described every dance held in the last decade.  Everyone else was done with their meal, and I just went on and on.
Finally Saanvi saved me.
“Jessica, why don’t we demonstrate for Abdullah?”  She was up and over to the sideboard before I even thought to respond.  Yachts have sound systems, of course.  And CD players.  And drawers filled with CDs.  Saanvi had a CD in and playing in seconds.
She came to me and took my hand.  I rose.  She bowed, taking the male position.  I curtseyed.  We moved two steps into an open area.  She took my hand and put her other hand on my waist.  I put a hand on her shoulder, and she quickly led us into a spinning box step.
And there we were.  We covered a large area of the deck, gradually moving out onto the open deck, taking wider and wider turns, our skirts flowing behind us and blowing in the wind.  My hand moved around to the back of her shoulder, pulling myself closer with every turn.  I found myself looking at her, and smiling, feeling our skirts sliding against our legs as we drew closer together and moved faster.  It was the Blue Danube.  My waltz with Emil.  Now my waltz with Saanvi.  There was strength in the hand she had on my back.  I could feel her pull me around, and pull me closer.  Our chests were touching, our skirts flying out behind us as we moved faster and faster.  Each circle brought us closer, our breathing pressing our breasts together.  We stared into each other’s eyes, and just kept turning.
Mathieu took it upon himself to stop the music after that one song.  We stood for a moment, both breathing hard, our hands still around each other, our breasts pressed together.  Finally Saanvi bowed to me.  I curtseyed to her.  Then we touched again, and she kissed me.  I held her, and held her kiss.  Her hand went to the back of my neck, and I felt myself leaning back in her arms.  I pulled myself tight against her and arched my back.  I looked up at her and smiled.
“I think it is time for me to go to bed.”  Mathieu announced.  And he was off.
“It is time for me to pray.”  And Abdullah left the room.
Saanvi and I didn’t notice them leave.  We stood out on the sun deck, the wind blowing through our hair and our skirts.  We held each other.  I could see sweat on both our chests.
“We will dance every night in our castle.”  She had a hand in my hair, holding my head for another kiss.  I slid my hands up the bare skin of her back, finding a position so I could pull myself tighter to her.  I wanted another kiss.  I wanted far more than another kiss.  She could see that in my eyes as she held me.  I was sure of it.  
I don’t know how many cabins are in that yacht, but we had no trouble finding an empty one.  We leapt onto the bed and just went at each other.  She ended up on top.  I lay back and let her do anything she wanted with me.  And it was great.  We have had lots of nights together, but that night was special.  It was almost dawn before we stopped to catch our breath.  She felt so good.  I wanted her so much.  We couldn’t get enough of each other.  Hot, wet, happy, we didn’t want it to end.
But it did.  Actually Saanvi ended it.  She rolled off me and pointed to a small clock in the room.
“Jess, you should get changed.  You need to bring up breakfast in a few minutes.”
I think it would have hurt less if she had slapped me.  My lover.  The woman I was still holding, our legs intertwined and our dresses twisted together.  Breakfast?  Who gave a damn about breakfast?  Saanvi did.  Just in case I wasn’t getting the message, she pointed again to the clock.
“You don’t want to be late, Jess.  And you will want to change.”
Thirty seconds ago I was her lover.  Now I was her maid.  She rolled off the bed and walked toward the shower.  Alone.  Into the bathroom, door closed.  I had been dismissed.



Chapter 21
 Consequences

Things were different after that night.  After our dance.  Two or three times a year I am reminded that I am a high school dropout not because I got pregnant, but because I was probably too stupid to finish anyway.  I was certainly stupid that night.  Saanvi had a problem.  I was getting too close to Abdullah.  We might talk.  Who knew what we said to each other after we prayed?  So, push Abdullah from me.  He might be uncomfortable knowing that Saanvi and I were lovers.  But knowing it, and seeing it played out right in front of him were too different things.  Mathieu would not put up with it.  Neither would Abdullah.
I raced down to my cabin, but I knew what I would find there.  Abdullah was gone.  His closet was empty.  Moved to some other cabin, a cabin where I would not be welcome.  A note?  No, men don’t leave notes.  I had done something, he was angry, it was over.
Now what?  Saanvi had made that clear.  I was her maid.  I was to put on my uniform and do my job.  And that’s what I did.  A servant again.  Dressed like a whore.  I pulled on my uniform, did brief work on my hair and makeup, and went down to the galley.  Vinaya stared, pushed some plates at me, and said nothing.  What had she heard?  Nothing good.  I avoided her gaze, put together the breakfast tray, and climbed the stairs.
They were waiting.  Three judges.  Staring silently.  Even Saanvi.  They waited for their food, made their requests for coffee, watched every move I made.  Disapproving.  I did my job, stood by the sideboard, and listened as they talked about the weather.  Another sunny day on the Gulf.
Breakfast ended eventually.  I gathered up dishes.  Saanvi gave me my orders for the day.  I would no longer be having dinner with them.  I would serve.  I would wait by the sideboard.  I would wear my maid’s uniform all day.  Abdullah would be praying in a different location now.  There was no need for me to take time from my duties to pray with him.
I made no response.  As I gathered dishes, Abdullah rose, took his coffee cup, and walked away.  Another back.  What do you say to a back?
The rest of my day?  I did my job.  I was a maid.  I cleaned, I washed, I moved food one direction and empty dishes the other.  I took orders and made one of two responses – “yes, sir,” and “yes mam.”  Both went with a curtsey.
Night finally came and I went to my room.  I put on a fairly nice nightgown and lay in the dark.  I listened for footsteps in the hallway.  I even had some hope someone would come to my door.  But I slept alone.
The next day?  It’s funny how you get used to things.  I showered, dressed like a maid, lugged food up the stairs, and stood at the sideboard.  They talked, ate the food I brought them, made requests for coffee, and otherwise ignored me.  My new life.  The lady standing at the side of the room.
How much longer would this go on?  Not long.  I wasn’t deaf.  I could hear conversations.  We would be passing through the Strait of Hormuz this evening and arriving in Muscat midday tomorrow.  One more day to standing and waiting.  And then?  Damn good question.  
I know I should have been scared, and I guess I was.  After all, I had been warned what would happen to me when Abdullah was off the boat.  There was an anchor chain waiting for me.  And I should have been angry, given that Saanvi had tricked me and Abdullah had abandoned me.  I should also have been angry at myself for not seeing that coming.
But mostly I was lonely.  One day I had two lovers, the next I had no one.  Neither would talk to me.  They would not even make eye contact.  I was invisible.  I brought food and made beds, but I wasn’t a person.  I was a maid.  I might as well have been a robot.  And like a robot I fetched, cleaned, and did laundry.  I looked out the windows from time to time and saw the land was closer.  We were getting down into the narrower part of the Gulf.  This voyage was coming to an end.  I did another load of laundry and served dinner.  I was probably coming to an end too.
One thing about being alone, you have more free time.  I cleaned up after dinner, then as the others went to the stern of the boat to talk, plot, and enjoy themselves, I climbed the stairs to the top level of the yacht.  The place where Abdullah and I had prayed.  I had watched.  I knew he didn’t come up here anymore.  I assume he was praying in whatever room he was using.  But it was a nice place.  Windy, but wide views of the Strait.  
In some ways, the Strait felt like a rural two lane road.  Ships were single file, and everyone stayed to the right.  South bound boats stayed on the Oman side, north bound boats followed the Iran side.  No passing.  The lights on shore were a mile or so away, but they seemed closer, and there seemed to be lots of them.  It reminded me of driving past farms in the night.  I stood, I watched, I felt the wind press against me.
And then Saanvi started up the stairs.  It is said the Prophet (peace be upon him) was once walking behind several young women when a wind came up and pressed their clothing against their body.  He could see every curve.  He advised thereafter that women should walk behind men so their shape would not tempt.  Saanvi was wearing a long silk gown, and every bit of it was pressed tight against her.  I watched her take every step.  The Prophet knew exactly what was going through my mind.
She came to me but stood about a foot away.  They would be no kiss.  No touching.  She was here to talk.
“I came to apologize.  I was jealous.  I wanted you two together, but not like that.  I had forgotten that you are Muslim.  When I saw you praying together ….  Well, I thought I might lose you.  So I made you dance.  And I watched his face.  I’m sorry.”
“I enjoyed the dance.”
“So did I.  But Mathieu did not.  I must tell you what will happen next.”  She moved a bit closer to me.  Or maybe I was moving toward her.  I wanted to touch her, but I kept my hands at my side.  “I thought he was all talk.  But he showed me the anchor chain he will use.  After Abdullah leaves, you will be taken to a lower cabin and locked in until we are back out to sea.  Before we get to Mumbai you will be chained and dropped over the side.”
I had nothing to say.  I found myself watching the wind blow the hair back from her face.  I kissed her.  She put her hands on my shoulders to push me away, but then hugged me.
“I had a plan for us in Mumbai.  We have a villa there, not far from our company.  I would take you there when these negotiations were completed.  Four days at sea.  You and me.  Then you would be my maid.  Permanently.  You would help raise the boys.  They are a problem for us.  You would help control them during the day, and at night we would go off to a room I had made special.  A tower.  Good views, cool breezes.  Our place.”
I still had nothing to say.  Mumbai was a surprise.  I might have asked where she got the money for a villa, but I knew the answer.
“Mathieu doesn’t want me in Mumbai.”
“He doesn’t want you in India, or in my life.”
“So I go over the side.”
She made me wait.  As always, she looked down at me, and as always, she put a hand in my hair and held my head.  I studied her face, and waited.
“Do you know of Al Ain?”
“Yes.  Small city on the border of Dubai and Oman.”
“We have an employee there with two small children.  They live a bit out in the country.  She will hire you on a two year contract.  Domestic servant.  You serve her.  You stay there.  If you try to leave, the police will bring you back.  And if I hear of it, I will shut down every water plant you have in America.  The contract is on a table in your room.”
“Two years.”
“If Mathieu doesn’t die, I will have it renewed for two more years.  You will stay where I put you.  I will come for you when he dies.”
“And Mathieu agrees?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
Her turn to be silent.  The hand in my hair relaxed, and I felt her stroking the back of my head.  I waited.  Time passed.  Her hand gripped my head again.
“I promised to give him another son.”
She turned and quickly descended the stairs.
I couldn’t move.  She disappeared.  Back to the room she shared with Mathieu.  I would live.  And she would please Mathieu.  I had a vision of her on her back with that old, sick, fat blob riding her.  Riding her until they made another son.  I thought I would be sick.  
I have no idea how long I stood up there staring out to sea.  But eventually I returned to my room.  A sheet of paper was on my table.  English on one side, Arabic on the other.  I had heard of such contracts.  Fees had been paid.  Services were owed.  Local cops would enforce the contract.  Not that I would leave anyway.  I needed to protect my bottling plants.
I signed.  Both sides.  Then I changed into one of my better nightgowns.  But no one came to my door.


Chapter 22
 Muscat

The last day of our cruise, we had been approaching Muscat for hours.  I had never been on a boat before, certainly not one that rode the ocean.  I didn’t like the trick the water plays with distances.  I was certain we would dock in fifteen minutes.  It took another three hours.  
I served breakfast.  I served lunch.  I cleaned Saanvi’s room.  I watched out the windows as the port got closer.  Finally I went down to my room to pack.  Saanvi was waiting for me.  I saw the contract was no longer on my table.  
“I want you to wear this gown.”  She was holding a floor length formal.  Sheath cut.  I don’t know why I had brought it.  It barely fit.
“I shouldn’t wear this?”  I motioned to my uniform.
“Pack those.  But wear this.  And this.”  She handed me the push up bra she had clamped around my ribs the other night.  Now I understood.  I wouldn’t be running off with skirts tight around my legs and my ribs bound. 
“I will not run off.  I have signed the contract.  I will go to Al Ain.”
No response.  She wasn’t going to argue with me.  I would do as I was told.  And I did.  She had to help me get into the bra and into the dress, but I didn’t argue.  I stood still while she found a needle and thread and sewed up the vent at the bottom of my skirt.  I couldn’t run in the skirt before.  Now I could barely walk.  But I respected what she was doing for me.  I would do anything she told me.
We got the rest of my things packed and set by the door.  She picked sandals with four inch stilettoes for me, and then helped with my hair and makeup.  She was still working on me when I felt the boat bump against the dock.  We were there.  Muscat.  
“Hands.”  She wrapped the silk rope around my waist, tied it, then bound my wrists.  I didn’t resist.  Where would I run?  To whom?  But she wanted me bound, and she wanted me gagged.  She reached into a drawer and pulled out a roll of duct tape.  I would leave unable to run and unable to shout for help.  What was she afraid of?
My abaya was next.  She would be sending me off hidden under a layer of black.  She even took the trouble to put a couple loops of thread through my empty sleeves, sewing them to my sides.  She stood close as she wrapped the hijab around my head.  A moment of intimacy.  I felt her body against mine.  I felt her breath on my face.  She took her time with the scarf.  She slid it over my hair and wrapped it tightly around my neck.  Another pause.  She held my head in her hands and stared into my eyes.  Nothing said.  
The niqab was the final act.  She held it in front of my face and slowly wrapped it around my head.  She oriented the eye holes, and then tied the top band at the back of my head.  She held me and stared through those eye holes.  She was done.  I was helpless, and hidden.  Only then did she talk to me.
“Mathieu will be waiting.  He needs to see you leave this way.”  
It was odd looking at her, her face so close on the other side of my niqab, my black veil.  The eye slits in the veil let me see her face, but little else.  She kept her face close.
“All this could have been avoided.  When our husbands were killed, and I was going back to Bern with my baby – Elias’ baby – I asked you to come with me. To be my maid or the baby’s nanny.  We could have been together, and you could have watched her grow.  She has his eyes.  If you look at her close, it is like him looking back at you.  You should have come with me.”  
She paused there.  She wanted me to think about that day.  And I did.  She had no idea how close I had been to "yes."
“Now I have to do some things I don’t want to do.  You will go to Al Ain.  Domestic servant.  I don’t know what you have learned of my plan for the company, but it doesn’t matter.  You are going to disappear.  Your passport and all ID are going to Lahore.  Let you people look for you in Pakistan.  See how much help they get from the locals.  You will be in Al Ain raising babies.”
Funny, when I looked into her face, I didn’t see anger, or resentment.  I saw regret.  Regret for what she was doing to me, regret for what might have been, and surely regret over what she would do with Mathieu.  I was bound and hidden, about to be taken out into the desert, and I felt like apologizing.  She was right.  This could all have been avoided.  
“I will come back for you when Mathieu is dead.  He is pre-diabetic and hypertensive.  With luck, I expect him to stroke out in three years – four years tops.  By then the business will be set up as I wish, and I will take you off to our castle.  Maybe in Bern, maybe in Mumbai.  Either way, we will have the future we planned.”
She kissed me at this point.  It felt funny coming through the cloth of the veil and the tape across my mouth, but it was a kiss.  An expression of encouragement.  Of love.  And I was certain she was sincere.  She would come for me.
She moved a hand up to my neck and tightened my scarf.  There was a very long pause as she studied my face.




“Abdullah’s driver will take you to Al Ain.  Be good there.  Be patient.  I will come for you.  You need to understand, Jess, in the end, you are mine.”   
She turned and left, knowing I would follow.  In my tight skirt and spiked heels I took tiny steps, but they were the steps she wanted.  Out into the hall, and then up the stairs to the main area.  Did I think of a brilliant escape as I walked?  No.  I was already a slave.  She had me on so many levels.  
Would she really close all those plants and fire my friends if I left Al Ain?  Absolutely.  Odd, she was using the same lever on me as Willa – fear for my friends.  But there was one difference.  Would Willa really hurt all those families?  No.  Would Saanvi?  Without hesitation.  She didn’t need my signature on a contract.  She already owned me.
They were waiting for me at the top of the stairs – Mathieu and Abdullah.  Mathieu with a smirk, Abdullah looking at me almost without expression.  Of course it was Mathieu who wanted to get in the final word.  He waited until I was near him as I followed Saanvi to the exit.
“Finally the right job for a bartender.  Kitchen maid.  And bed maid.  Whore sold for a thousand rials.”
My skirt was tight around my legs, but I could at least move my feet.  I kicked him as hard as I could.  He instantly reached back a fist, but Abdullah stopped him.
“She has new employers.  It for them to punish her.”  He then turned me toward the exit, standing now between me and Mathieu.  I saw Saanvi standing at the top of the stairs leading down to the dock.  Time to get off this boat.  I stepped to her, and she hugged me one more time, her face now at my ear.  
“I will come for you.  He will be dead soon.”
She held me.  I pressed my face against her neck.  Let Mathieu watch.  Let him see love.
Abdullah was the first off the boat.  I would follow.  As he started down the portable stairs, I stood for a moment, fear building.  There were eight or ten stairs down to the dock.  I wore a tight skirt and tiny heels.  And I had no hand free to take a railing.  I could see myself taking a header down to the dock.  And then he stopped.  Two stairs down.  His back huge across his dishdasha.  And I got the idea.  A landing area if I needed it.  I took the first stair, didn’t fall, and waited for him to take another stair.  We descended the stairs that way, him down a stair, and then me taking the one behind him.  Eight times, ten times, I didn’t count.  I looked at the back of Abdullah and hoped I was seeing kindness.
It was a long walk to his car.  The dock ran past two other yachts.  Abdullah walked, I followed back about two steps.  To anyone looking, I was a local woman following her husband.  No one would pay any attention to me or to my situation.  Just one more local woman in a veil. 
Tomas and another sailor followed me, each carrying two bags.  I imagined Tomas’ smirk as he watched me taken off to slavery.  He stayed close.  I imagined his breath on the back of my neck.  He had two bags, but I knew his real job was to block any movement I might make to go off in some other direction.  Like I could.  Saanvi had dressed me carefully.  I wouldn’t be running off.  I could barely walk.  I might be out in the open, but I was under complete control.  
And that confused me.  Why?  Why were my hands tied?  Why the gag?  Why hobble my legs with a tight skirt and high heels?  Did they think I would run off?  What danger could I possibly be to them?  I slowed my steps.  Tomas didn’t like it.  
“Keep moving, bitch.”
I kept moving, but slowly.  My life would be so much easier if I were smarter.  Something was going on, and it wasn’t just about me and Saanvi.  What?  And then it occurred to me.  The deal wasn’t done.  Some piece was missing.  Saanvi had yet to take the company.  They needed me hidden away while they finished their plot.  Al Ain.  Six or seven hours across the desert.  Locked inside some house while they finished their work.
What did I do about it?  Nothing.  Even taking baby steps I eventually reached the end of the dock.  A huge white car waited for us.  I knew if I got into that car, my next stop would be the far end of the desert.  And I could do nothing.  The driver came out and opened the trunk for the cases, and opened the door for Abdullah.  I stopped a few feet away.  Tomas slammed me in the ass with one of the bags.
“Get in the car, bitch.”
I fell forward.  Abdullah caught me and pushed me into the back seat.  And that was it.  I was in the car.  Trapped.  I slid far over to the other side of the car, as if that were some kind of resistance.  Abdullah pulled me back toward the middle of the seat and wrapped a seat belt around me.  I was locked in place.  Tomas stood by the door and watched.  And grinned.  He would make the report Mathieu wanted to hear.  I was captive.   
Abdullah’s driver took us into Muscat.  Abdullah ignored me.  For the first few miles he and the driver spoke in Arabic, then Abdullah took out his phone and made some calls.  All in Arabic.  I had lived with Arabic speakers for over a year.  My skill with the language – nil.  
I looked out the window and waited.  First impressions?  White.  Lots and lots of white houses and white shops.  Muscat clearly was a big city, and it did have some taller buildings, but most buildings were two or three stories, and there seemed to be endless numbers of them trailing off in every direction.  We had arrived about four.  Rush hour.  The streets were well maintained and modern, but they were filled with white cars.  The driver got us onto a four lane highway, and we flowed with the traffic.  Somewhere ahead was the exit going north and my future in Al Ain.
Muscat impressions?  Does it matter?  Hills.  We were up and over and around.  Periodically we got a glimpse of the ocean, but then we would be around another hill.  The highway was six lanes across when we came over yet another hill, and I could see what had to be downtown.  It spread out from the ocean on the right, to even higher hills to the left.  In between was a flat surface maybe twenty or thirty blocks wide, a mixture of homes and stores.  Advertising now lined the road.  People filled the sidewalks.  
I had seen enough of the city and its people.  There was only one person who mattered.  I turned to face him.  He glanced at me, but kept talking on his phone.  Is this what slaves got?  Glances?  Did I warrant nothing more?  I had slept with him, prayed with him, trusted him. Saanvi also trusted him.  Saanvi’s partner.  Saanvi’s financier.  Saanvi had given me to him with specific instructions.  I had “entertained” him.  Now?  Nothing.
I stared.  He talked.  The car rolled through Muscat.
“One point seven million people.  There is a major mall there to your left, and two larger malls farther ahead.”  He put down his phone and finally looked at me.  Suddenly my captor was a tour guide.  “Every store you have in America, we have here.”
My response?  How?  I looked at him.  Couldn’t talk.  Couldn’t move my hands.  Couldn’t even frown.  He wouldn’t see it under my veil.  So I just stared at him.  Whatever came next, I would deal with it.  I hoped.
“I will tell you more about my city, but first, let me tell you about some things I have just confirmed.  Things I have learned about you.  At one time, Jessica, you owned hotels all across the Midwest, including the Twin Cities.  You have accounts in all the best stores in Bern.  You pretend to be a small town girl.  You are a very sophisticated lady.”
A pause while he seemed to wait for a reaction.  Dumb.  How was I to react?  Nod my head?  Shake my head?  Tilt my head?  I just stared at him.
“We have checked on you.  It took three people to complete the report.  We know about your time with Ibrahim.  We also know about your bakery in Dubai.  Your partner has been very successful.  She is expanding across the region.  She owes a great deal of her success to you.”
Another pause.  Where is this going?  I have no idea.
“I thought it would help to state some important points.  We will have more to talk about in a few minutes.”  
He was now looking at me, and even leaning a bit toward me.  Somehow I was suddenly visible.  Odd.  What does he want?  I have no idea.  He mentioned my bakery.  So he wants me to cook for the family in Al Ain?
“My home is near the beach.”
I looked out the window and saw glimpses of the ocean.  And rows of large homes.  Two and three stories.  Walled.  Painted walls, often with foliage at their base, but each home was surrounded by a wall, and all the walls were at least eight feet high.  He was taking me inside these walls before taking me inside the Al Ain walls.  Why?  I was on the verge of panic.  I had been dressed like this once before, in a cab, going to Saanvi’s family house.  A house where I was held for a year.  Now?  Was I to be held here rather than Al Ain?
I attacked him.  Yes, I understood I couldn’t really attack him, but I did anyway.  I twisted against the seat belt, pulled my hands against the ropes, and I pounded my forehead into his chest.  I banged my head into him three or four times before he stopped me.  He wrapped his arms around me and held my head to his shoulder.  
“Jessica, I promise to love and protect you.”
One hand held my shoulders, the other slowly stroked my hair under the hijab.  I tried pounding my head against him again, but he held me tight.  And stroked my hair.  Nothing happened for a moment, and then I started shaking.  I pressed my face against his neck.  My veil was twisted.  I could see nothing.  My eyes were closed anyway.  I pressed my face against him and shook down to my toes.
“Jessica, you need not fear me.”  He held me tighter, his hand still stroking my head.
But I did fear him, and I neared panic as I felt the car slow.  His home.  My prison.  We pulled into a short driveway and paused while a metal gate slid to one side.  I twisted inside my veil and was able to look out one of the eye slits.  A tall, white, three story house.  Surrounded by a wall.  A wall.  Solid, concrete block, eight feet tall.  Painted white.  Even some flowers at its base.  Painted or not, it was a wall.  Could I climb it?  No.  My shaking got worse.
We parked under a metal shade canopy.  I turned and watched the metal gate slide across the driveway and shut with an audible click.  Seven feet high.  Little spikes at the top.  I wouldn’t be climbing that.  The sound that gate made as it closed was the sound of captivity.
Abdullah held me tight while he talked to the driver.
“Hand me the emails that came in this morning, then take my bags in and tell my mother I need to conduct some business.  She will understand.”
The driver reached a stack of pages over the seat, then took the bags from the trunk and went into the house.  Abdullah and I stayed where we were.
“I have some things to show you, and a decision for you to make.”
There were thirty or forty pages.  He set them on my lap.  My niqab was no longer adjusted properly, but I could see these were printouts of emails.  The top one was from a person I knew – the manager of the North American division, a guy everyone called “Celloman.”  Far more interested in making the Minneapolis music scene than in building bottling plants.  The recipient?  “SGruber.”  I read it twice, then again.

“Amazon has approved the leases on the Highway 2 plants.  Contracts are for two years renewable.  I have thirty days to empty the plants.  I have buyers for the extruders.  No problem.  The rest of the equipment will go to a dealer in Green Bay.  I have paperwork ready to close the other three plants.  Just need your signature on the forms.”

There were more emails describing other sales about to be made.  Facilities all over Europe would be closed.  All awaited a signature from SGruber.
Abdullah took me through every email, then laid the stack on my lap.  He gave me time.  I’ll give him credit.  He gave me time.  Saanvi had lied to me.  Saanvi was about to destroy the company.  Every person I knew would be thrown out of work.  Yes, less than an hour ago, Saanvi had held my head in her hands.  She had wrapped her arms around me and talked of our life together.  I could still feel her arms around my shoulders and her hands around my face.  I could feel the kiss she had given me through my veil.  Saanvi.  The woman I loved.
I had no response.  I was shaking again.  Maybe I had never stopped.  I pressed my face into his neck, my eyes closed, my shaking pretty uncontrollable.  He held me, his arms around my shoulders.  The veil stifled my breathing, but I didn’t think about that.  I was feeling his arms.  They held me.  One hand stayed on the back of my head and stroked my hair slowly, endlessly, patiently, gently.  At some point my breathing changed.  It moved in a cycle with his hand.  It slowed.  And my shaking eased.
He kissed the top of my head, his hand still stroking me.  And then, in the midst of one of the strokes, he found the strings of my veil, and undid the bow knot that held the niqab in place.  One string came loose, then the other, then the knot separated.  He held the top of the veil, and slowly lowered it.  I moved my face so I could look up at him.  I wondered what he saw when he looked at me.  I was such an idiot.
He moved to take the tape from my mouth, but I turned my face away.  What was the point?  What could I possibly say?  I laid my face down on his shoulder.  I needed time.  He gave it to me.  His arm stayed around my shoulder.  His hand stroked my head.  He held me.  Time passed.
“We need to talk, Jess.”  His voice was barely more than a whisper.  I waited, then nodded and raised my face.  The tape hurt.  He removed it slowly, but it hurt.  When I could open my mouth, I asked the obvious question.
“Did you know about this when we were on the boat?”
“I knew some of it.  The destruction of the North American Division is new.”
“And you?  What about you?  What do you want of me?  Your man drives me to Al Ain?  Or you keep me here?  I was in a house like this once before.  I was locked in for a year.”
He didn’t answer.  He removed the seatbelt, opened my abaya and reached behind me to free my wrists.  At least he started to.  His hands went to my back, but then they slid lower.  He had good hands.  I leaned forward so he could get at my wrists, but soon I was pressing myself against him.  I laid my head on his shoulder as his hands were all over my ass.  Gentle caressing at first, but he got more insistent.  He pulled me to him, not that I needed much encouragement.  Our mouths met, and things just kept going from there.  We were like two high school kids in a back seat for the first time.  I was sure he would have my dress up around my waist in a minute, and if my hands had been free, I would have pulled it up myself.  
In between gasps for air, I had to ask.
“I thought you hated me.”  Actually it came out “I thought… [gasp] … you [gasp]… hated me.”  He was able to mostly answer in complete sentences.
“I was so jealous of Saanvi.”  Pause for air and groping.  “The way you looked when you danced together, the way you stared up into her eyes when she kissed you.  Your smile as the two of you went off together.  Love, Jess.  You loved her.  I think you still do.”
“You, Abdullah.  Tell me about you.”  We had slid down onto the seat.  It was a big car.  Big seat.  Leather, although mostly I was feeling his hands and his weight as he climbed over me.
“I’ve told you about me.  I love you.”
My abaya was mostly off, my head scarf was now a neck scarf, and my skirt was getting higher.  Still, even the largest back seat is cramped.  We were both ready to roll off onto the floor.  Maybe that’s what stopped him.  He adjusted himself, I think with one knee on the floor.  He held my head in his hands and lowered his face just above mine.
“Jessica, I would like to marry you.”
“You need to ask me three times.”  
I have no idea where that came from.  The words were out of my mouth in an instant.  But they were the right words.  I was a bag of hormones, my wrists were still tied, and I was trapped inside his compound.  We kissed, smiled at each other, and lay still.  I was pretty sure my skirt wouldn’t be getting raised any higher.  That moment of passion was over.  Instead, we slowly caught our breath, our eyes still locked on one another.
When our breathing was relatively normal, he pulled me into a sitting position and finally untied my wrists.  I got my arms into the sleeves of my abaya and rewrapped my head scarf.
“Let me show you something.”  
Abdullah pushed open his car door and backed out.  I found my veil and tied that on.  If we were going out into his space, I would go with a veil.  I would create a private space for myself.
He took my hand, but rather than lead me into his house, he led me toward the front gate.
“Here, let me show you how to open the gate if you want to leave.”
We walked to one end of the gate, to a box mounted on the concrete.  He lifted a cover, obviously there as weather protection, and showed me two buttons – red and green.
“Go ahead.  Open it.”
I pressed the green button and waited while the metal gate slid open.  He then took my hand and led me out to the sidewalk that fronted his house.
“If you go that way,” he pointed to the left.  “There are some shops about two blocks away.  I think you might like those.  Over there,” now he pointed straight across the street.  “About five blocks is the new Opera House.  I will check the schedule and see what is being performed there.  You will love the place.”  
Big smile, followed by silence.  He let go of my hand and took a step back from me.  And waited.
“Jessica, on the boat I asked you to choose between Saanvi and me.  You can still do that.  My driver will take you to Al Ain if you wish to wait there for Saanvi.  Or you can enter my home and meet my family.  But there is a third choice.”  He reached into a pocket and pulled out a passport and a stack of currency.  He stepped forward and put both into my abaya pocket.
“Saanvi took your American passport.  I took your Swiss.  You now have that and some travel money.  Your third choice.”  He turned and point off to the right.  “It will be a fairly long walk, nine or ten blocks, but that is where the American embassy is.  In case you feel you need it.”
We both seemed frozen on that sidewalk.  I looked where he is pointed.  He looked at me.
“I hope you will go inside with me and meet my family.  They are very excited to meet you.”
“My company is in trouble.  I should be on a plane to Bern.”
“They will begin their attack on your company in a week.  They need to complete negotiations with my bank, and there are some partners in Bern who need to complete some tasks there.  So we have a week.  You will be back in Bern before then.  But I would like four days with you.  We can plan our response to Saanvi.  And, you can decide if you wish to marry me.”
I was frozen in place.  I studied his face.  I studied him.  He looked bigger standing in front of his house.  Bigger and better.  His head topped by a brown patterned cloth, his hawk nose, his gray beard, his deep brown eyes looking… Well, looking patient.  He gave me time.  Time to look, time to think, time to remember his words – “our response to Saanvi.”  “Our response.”  Him and me.  Partners.
Then he challenged me.  He stepped back toward his house.  Back inside the wall.  Inside the gate.  He placed his hand over the controls, a thumb near the red button.
“The American embassy is eight blocks.”  He pointed toward it again.  I stood out on the sidewalk, looking at him.
“Abdullah, I have people I need to protect.”
“You also have a man who loves you.  Do you love him?  Do you trust him?”
He waited, then pressed the red button.  The gate jerked to a start.  I flew forward, my arms around him.
“Yes, I trust you.”  Good thing he was a big man.  I had my arms so tight around his neck I might have strangled him.  And then I quickly pulled myself away.  “Are you allowed to hold me in public?”
“Not like this, but I may take your hand.”
“Please take my hand, then take me to your family.”  We had barely taken two steps when I stopped.  “Before we go in, you should ask me a second time.”  I held him around the neck again.  So much for local customs.
“Jessica, I wish to marry you.”
I kissed him and asked my next question.  “Will we sleep together tonight?”
“No.  That would be a scandal.  I should put you in a hotel, but I want you close.  My mother will put you in a guest room.”
“Will the door be locked?”
“Only if you lock it.”
“Will you come to me there?”
“No.  And I won’t pray with you.  I will walk to the mosque and pray with the neighborhood men.  You will pray in your room.”
“When will I be alone with you?”
“Tomorrow we will travel and see Oman.”
“Please hold my hand when you introduce me to your family.”
“That is not our custom, but I will do it.”
I wasn’t ready to go in yet.  I looked up the street – the street I was free to walk if I chose.  I squeezed his hand.
“Abdullah, I trust you.  You know I love you.  I am yours.”
“Inshallah, we will marry.”
I had a tight grip on his hand as we approached his house.  The house?  Huge.  Three stories.  White, of course.  Flat roof.  Large windows, large entryway.  Inside?  You walk into a tent.  Really.  Interesting decorative idea.  Of course it was a large entrance hallway, but fabric had been arched down from the ceiling and along the walls so it looked like you were stepping into a tent.
That is where I met thirty five to forty relatives.  I took off my niqab and put it in my pocket.  I hoped my makeup had not done anything silly.  I was introduced to each person.  With women we kissed cheeks.  With men, we just said our salaams and kept our distance.  I saw smiles.  I was seated quickly and given coffee and date candy.  My Arabic was good enough to compliment the coffee and the dates – or at least the family was courteous enough to pretend they understood me.  
The big test came after my third tiny cup of coffee.  The women wanted to show me their part of the house.  Off we went.  Two things happened after we were free of the men.  First, abayas and hijabs came off.  Their first chance to get a good look at me.  I was wearing that tight formal gown Saanvi had sewn me into.  Their reaction?  I got some smiles, and heard Abdullah’s name mentioned in several comments.  Overall, it didn’t appear anyone was scandalized.  It helped that the other women were wearing long gowns as well.  This was an occasion, and they had dressed for it.
Second, as we wandered through the dining room and several sitting rooms, I asked to see the kitchen.  Poor etiquette?  I wasn’t sure, but if Abdullah and I lived here, I wanted the full picture.  There were three Indian women doing the cooking for dinner.  They seemed surprised to see me, but not upset.  And I made some points.  They were making samosas.  I unfolded one and complimented their choice of stuffing, then launched into a description of the samosa business I had created in Dubai.
“Swiss-style samosas.  Very healthy.”  This from a woman I was pretty sure was Abdullah’s sister.  She then explained where they could be purchased in Muscat.  So.  Dannah had made it to Oman.  
You know how things go.  People want to find some link.  Give us a bridge, and we will cross it.  Samosas gave us a bridge.  We stood around that kitchen nearly an hour talking in a combination of English and Arabic.  We were definitely in the way of the cooks, but we were talking comfortably, almost effortlessly.  We ate samosas as soon as they were cool enough to touch, and we found a connection.
I also connected with future mother-in-law.  She just took my hand and pulled me into a back hallway.  A private tour.  
“Cook room.”  She pointed to a room at the back of the house.  She was using English, a language that was obviously a struggle for her, but she was making the effort.  Up a flight of stairs to the second floor.  “Me room.”  She pointed to one door, and then down the hall.  “Guest room.”  She pointed to me.  Okay, that clarified sleeping arrangements.  Also, since it was second floor, I might be able to get out a window if, well, if I was wrong about Abdullah.  Terrible thought to have.   But just for that moment, that’s what I was thinking.  I loved the man.  But.  Maybe too much time with Saanvi.
“Rashid room.”  Mom continued the tour.  That’s where the son and his family lived.  A little plastic tricycle was in the hall outside Rashid’s door.  I guessed the kids tore up and down the hallway pretty good.
She pulled me up another flight of stairs.  “Abdullah room.”  Abdullah’s “room” was the entire third floor.  It started with a large room he used for an office.  There was a large desk with computer to one side, and a seating area across from it, complete with the required table for coffee service.  Colors were dark, furniture was heavy.  This was a man’s room.
Behind it had to be his wife’s sitting area.  His mother led me in and waited while I looked around.  Furniture had accent pillows, family pictures were everywhere, colors were light.  I imagined his wife had been comfortable there.  I would want a desk and a laptop, but yes, I would be comfortable there too.
The sleeping area was massive, and was matched by a huge bathroom and his and hers walk in closets.  Based on colors and accent pieces, I guessed his wife had decorated this room.  He hadn’t changed anything.  I would have to make any changes very carefully.
Mom pulled me back into the sitting room and sat with me on a couch.  She wanted to talk.
“In Arabia, marriage…” She held out her right hand.  “Family.”  Then her left hand “Family” Then she brought her hands together, her fingers linked.
“Yes.”
“You family good.  Us family good.  Marriage good.  You daughter.”
“aibnatu.”  My Arabic was pathetic, but at least I knew daughter and mother.  “You um.”
“Nem um.”  She gave me a huge grin and a hug.  Yes, mother.  At that point I knew I would have to sit for Arabic lessons, but more importantly, I knew the two of us could get along.  We sat holding hands for a few minutes, sitting in the room that would be mine, the room where we might sit together, and then she led us down to dinner.
Dinner?  In the dining room.  Abayas and hijabs back in place.  Three different tables.  Huge serving plates of food.  Rice, salads, grilled meats, and samosas.  One of Abdullah’s sons had recently been to the U.S. and we talked about that.  He was a bit huffy about difficulties getting a tourist visa.  The last thing I wanted was a discussion around that idiot Trump, so I moved to weather.  Wasn’t Oman so much more pleasant this time of year?  Thank Allah for weather and sports – always safe conversations.
Dinner lasted for hours, but eventually it broke up, and those who lived elsewhere were out the door.  Those who lived in Abdullah’s house – mother, Rashid and family – also climbed the stairs while the three cooks cleaned up.  Abdullah took my hand, and we walked to a first floor sitting room.  We sat on a couch, several feet separating us.  I sat with my hands in my lap, my back straight, turned toward him.  I wanted to climb all over him, but somehow, sitting like this didn’t feel too bad.
“They like you.  The younger ones say you are a movie star.  The women say you dress like a movie star.”
“You know why Saanvi put me in this dress.  But it does have a bit of movie star flare.  I will wear something much more modest in the future.”
“You addressed my mother as ‘mother.’  Thank you for that.”
“I liked her.”
“Do you like the house?  Is it satisfactory?”
“Your mother showed me your rooms.  I sat with her in the room I am sure was your wife’s sitting room.  Can you envision me in that room?”
“I think I did the first day I saw you climb to the main deck, carrying Saanvi’s meal, pretending to be her maid.”
“If she takes control of my company, I will be her maid again.  She will keep me in Mumbai.  She will keep my most important plants open so she has a hold over me.  If I object, she will fire all my friends.”
“She will do that anyway.  Once she has you locked away in Mumbai, she will shut one plant after another, enriching herself with every closure.”
“You will help me stop that?”
“Yes.”
We sat and looked at each other.  We did not touch.  Somehow it felt like two eighteen year olds being introduced for the first time, their parents just out of sight.  Maybe for that reason, I looked more closely, more intensely.  And I wanted what I saw – not just the man who would share my bed, or the man that would help me claw back my company, a company needed by its employees in all those little towns, a company that would be needed by millions as the world warmed.  I saw the man.  He would be my husband, and my partner.
“Now I walk you to your room.  We do not kiss good night.  We say our salaams and go to our separate beds.”
And that’s what we did.  He led the way.  I followed behind.  We stopped outside my bedroom door.  In some ways it had the feel of a first date.  But of course there was so much more going on.
“Earlier, I said if you wanted to marry me, you should ask three times.  Tomorrow I permit you to ask the third time.”
I smiled and raised one finger.  One more time.  We said salaam and I went into my room.  I didn’t lock my door.  I did check it a few minutes later to see if it was locked from the outside.  It wasn’t.  I found a cotton nightgown lying on the bed.  I changed and wondered if Abdullah might like it if he came down to me.  But he didn’t.  I slept alone.  And I slept well.



Chapter 23
 Ancient Water

I ate breakfast with Abdullah’s mother and Rashid’s wife.  Rashid and kids were off somewhere.  Rashid’s wife?  Nice young woman.  Maybe twenty five.  We had great food.  Omelets, great bread (really, America, is there any country that does not do better bread?), and turkey bacon.  Not to be too hard on my current religion, but there is no bacon but real bacon.  If we are going to kill turkeys, we should pay them more respect than to pretend they can become bacon.
Our conversation?  They asked me about my family.  I went on about dad, daughters, grandkids, all through the meal.  I paused for some coffee when Abdullah joined us.  Simple greetings, and then he got his phone out.  I get that.  I didn’t need one hundred percent of his attention.  Besides, I was hoping he would get a call or a text that explained how I could still save my company.  I had arrived in Dubai thinking Saanvi had twenty four million embezzled dollars to buy our stock.  Now I knew she stole much more than that, and she had her idiot husband sitting in an Omani bank looking for even more.  I couldn’t match that.  My only hope was that Abdullah had changed sides.  So I let him read his texts, and hoped there was good news.
“They tell me Mathieu liked the meeting last night.  Lots of smiles.  They will get together again late this morning.”
“Should I be nervous?”
“Yes.  But I have people doing some checking.  In the meantime, would you like to see more of Oman?”
“Absolutely.”
“I will go for midmorning prayers, and then we will see the country.”
“While you are gone, can I use your phone?”  What surprised me when I asked the question was not his answer, or the fact that I had the courage to test our relationship so directly, but the calm in my voice as I asked.  Think about it.  This is it.  Am I prisoner, or lover?  A direct test.  And I asked it as if I was certain of the answer.  This less than twelve hours after being terrified in the back of his car.  I knew what his answer would be.  
“Sure.”  He gave it to me, gulped some coffee and a piece of bread, and left.  I explained to the ladies I wanted to speak with my family, and they left me to it.  I texted while the cooks cleaned.
Willa was first.  I couldn’t remember her phone number, so I emailed her at the office.  It would be hours before she was in, but I wanted her to know the basic situation.  Main facts?  She had a week, there were people in Bern who were part of this, I was with the banker Saanvi was using, I hoped to get him to change sides.  I was in Oman now, I would be in Bern in a few days.
I texted my daughters.  I was old enough to be from a time when people memorized phone numbers.  Mothers certainly did.  I explained I was in Muscat, Oman (I could imagine them getting out a maps app to find it), I was with a man, we would be spending a few days together.  Maybe more (they were women, they would figure out what that meant).  I would text again when I returned to Bern.  I might be staying in Bern (they would be confused about that, but then, so was I).
By this time Abdullah was back from prayers, and we took his car out into the country.  I was wearing my abaya and hijab (with my tight satin dress underneath).  My bags were on the way to Al Ain.  Let that confuse Saanvi.  As for the tight dress, I had pulled out the sewing Saanvi had done, so it was a bit easier to move in.  More importantly, it was the dress that still bore Abdullah’s hand prints.  It might be uncomfortable, but it did to Abdullah exactly what I wanted it to do.  I was happy to wear it, and happy to feel his hand on my thigh as we drove north.
One other note about clothing.  I put on my niqab.  Not sure why.  So I could look at him without him knowing?  So I could fit in with the local women?  Actually only a minority of the women I saw went veiled.  But all wore hijabs tightly wrapped around their heads.
A couple points about driving in Oman – the highways are great, the drivers aren’t.  We took a four lane highway out of Muscat, and were quickly out in what seemed like an endless mountain valley.  Rocks on either side, a few scrub bushes.  This was all desert.  
Now, about driving.  Modern highway, nice shoulders, gentle curves.  Truck speed limit is 100 kilometers per hour.  Car speed is 120.  In our units, I think that is around 60 for trucks and a little over 70 for cars.  But that doesn’t matter.  What matters is if you are in the right lane, you get behind trucks, so you pull out into the passing lane to go around.  Fine.  Except you just get into the passing lane and some guy driving like a bat out of hell is two feet off your back bumper.  Where did he come from?  Don’t know, but he got real close, real fast.  And he stays on your bumper until you pass the truck and get over.  This happened about six times and I stopped looking out the windows and turned completely around playing rear guard.  
I asked him about the cops.  These guys have to be doing more than 120.  No cops, no problem (according to Abdullah).  There are cameras on the highway.  If cars do more than 130, they get a ticket automatically.  Fine?  $26.  How do they pay?  It is all so simple (again, according to Abdullah).  Every two years when they register their car, they need to pay all their speeding tickets.  He says he has friends billed for nearly ten grand.  I’m trying to imagine myself driving around Oman.  True, they drive on the right side of the road, but still…
First stop on our tour of Oman?  Nizwa.  It took us about an hour and a half to get there.  Huge mountains to one side, flat land on the other (mostly gravel).  Through the business area of town (Nizwa Mall, McDonalds and KFC), and to a large parking lot.  Apparently, we had arrived.
“The valley we drove through is an old trade route.  Nizwa was one of the towns along the way.  It was the traditional seat of Omani scholarship.”
“I take it the McDonalds is more recent tradition.”
“Behave, woman, or I will have you walk behind me.”
There was a huge brown building ahead of us.  The town “souk” or market.  I let him take a few steps, and then I walked behind him.  He stopped and looked at me.
“The problem with you wearing that niqab is I can’t tell if you are laughing at me, sneering at me, or sticking your tongue out at me.”
“No, you can’t.”
“You understand very few Omani women wear a veil.”
“I see that.  But for the moment, I think I will wear it.”
“And walk behind me?”
“Do you plan to be nice to me?”
“Yes.”
“Then you can hold my hand, and I will walk with you.”
That settled, he led me into the souk.  Think big warehouse.  Lots of tables with people selling fruit, flowers, candies, etc.  He stopped and bought some date candy.  Nice taste, but a bit sticky on the fingers.
“Farmers sell livestock here early in the morning.”  Interesting thing to know.  I guess.  I had been to the souks in Dubai.  So far I wasn’t finding this one all that special.  “I want you to see the fort.”
So, we exit the back of the souk and come to a street with tourist shops and restaurants.  Up at the end of the street I can see a fort.  Brown.  I’m guessing mud brick.  Fairly large.  In we go.  Up lots of stairs.  Under my abaya was a long tight dress.  My shoes have four inch heels.  Saanvi dressed me so I would not be running off anywhere.  I dressed that morning to appeal to the man who was one question away from a “yes.”  Great for that (I hoped), not so great on stairs.  But I have to admit, once we got up to the ramparts, the view was pretty good.
“The first version of this fort was built a thousand years ago.  The building we are standing in was built in 1650.”
“My castle in Bern was built along a river.  Depending upon who you talk to, the builders of the castle put it there to protect Bern, or to exact tolls from passing ships.”
“I guess you could argue this fort had a similar function.”
“But no river.”
“You are standing above the river.  It runs beneath the fort.”  
I looked back into the courtyard.  A well stood in the middle.
“So they understood where water was, and how to dig down to it a thousand years ago.”
“Yes.  They knew about water and wells.”  He paused.  Emphasis.  Okay, point made.  Although I didn’t know where this was leading.  “Now let me show you the library.”
He led through some doorways and hallways and to a room about fifteen by thirty.  Smaller openings let in cooler air.  Above each opening were book shelves.  The room had been fitted out with a large rug and half a dozen pillows, apparently to resemble how it might have looked in past centuries.
“Scholars studied here, and gave lessons.”  We both sat in the room.
“I assume the lessons were to boys.”
“Yes.  But Nizwa now has a university with thousands of students.  More than half are female.”
“So women here can attend a university, need not wear a veil, and can drive.”
“Yes.”
“Am I to learn anything else today?”
“We shall see.”
He led me out of the castle and back to the car.  Next stop?  Bahla.  About forty five minutes farther down the road.  Somewhere along the way, I took off my niqab.
“If I am upset with you, I want you to see that.  If I am happy, I want you to see that too.”
He took my hand.  “I am happy to look at your face, but if I want to know your mood, I can feel it in your hand.”
“And my mood right now?”
“You are unsettled.”  He squeezed my hand.  I slid closer to him.
“Sometimes you need to remember the woman whose hand you are holding is a bartender from a town of two hundred.  This is a long way from home, and I am with a man I am still getting to know.”
“I have two more things to show you, and then we will talk.”  
We left the highway and drove into town.  There was a long string of small businesses along the main street, then a big curve up a hill.  And at the top – a huge brown fort, easily three or four times larger than the fort at Nizwa.  We parked at the base, and then walked up a steep hill to the entrance.
I wasn’t sure what to make of the place.  It was mud brick, and while some of the brick had been covered or repaired, there were places where it was clearly dangerous to walk.  I wasn’t sure if a wall would fall on me, or if a stair would give way under me.  But still, we walked everywhere in the fort, from one side to another, through each doorway and up all stairs.  I think I would have loved the place at age ten.  I would have run everywhere.  Now, I walked carefully, feeling the sun on my black abaya.  I had also put my niqab back on before leaving the car.  Why?  I have no idea.  
We were in the castle over an hour.  There were no displays, no descriptions, no history.  We received a half sheet of paper when we entered, giving us a range of ages (12th to 15th century), and purpose (protect the frankincense trade), and the fact that it was a UNESCO Heritage site.   Good, but what did this room or that room do, and where did people live in the castle, and how did they live?  Lots of questions as we walked.  And my local guide?  Abdullah just held my hand (good idea as we walked up rickety stairs) and walked with me across the huge open spaces of the castle/fort.  He was silent.  Completely silent.  He did stop by a large well, but otherwise, he made no comment.  He just walked with me, and let me go where I wanted to go.
When we left and started walking back down the hill to our car, I kept stopping to look back.  The place was massive.  The wall on this side had to be eighty feet high.  And it went on forever.  Pale brown.  Smooth.  I would take a few steps, then stop, and turn to look again.  Abdullah held my hand, and I waited for him to start pulling me down the hill, but he was patient with me.  He stood with me.  Still silent.
“I don’t know what to think of it.  It’s beautiful.  But it feels abandoned.  Just left there.  This huge castle left behind in the desert.  You want to know, where did everyone go?”
“Trade routes change.”
That was certainly true, but I don’t know.  It just didn’t seem sufficient to describe that hilltop castle.
Down at the parking lot was a small store.  We used the bathrooms, and then bought water and snacks.  It was already early afternoon.  Time to move on.
Next stop?  I wish I could tell you where we went.  It was this road, to another road through this little group of stores, to another road, up a valley to a few more houses and stores, then up another valley.  We finally stopped, but I have no idea why.  It just seemed another road up another valley.  There was a row of small houses on one side of the road (our left), then a row of palms to our right.  Past the palms was a drop into a valley.  The road was narrow, and there was little room for parking.  Abdullah found a spot squeezed between two of the palms.
We got out, and Abdullah took my hand.  Apparently we weren’t there yet.  There was a path along the palms, and we followed it farther up the hill.  Once again, I wished I had worn something more appropriate for hiking.  Next time.  But I managed to keep up with Abdullah.  Fortunately, we were shaded by the palms, and the sun was getting lower.
And we stopped.  We were walking up the trail, and then we weren’t.  Nothing had changed, it was just one more palm in a long series of palms, but for some reason we stopped at this one.  Looked the same to me.  Trunk about a foot in diameter, fronds and dates up maybe twenty feet above us.  Your basic date palm.  Maybe we were just resting.  Fine with me.
“Can you see the irrigation?”
Okay, water.  I should be looking down.  Yes, there was a narrow ditch, maybe a foot across, and water was flowing through it.  It looked to me like the ditch was lined.  If there was a pop quiz, I thought I would mention that.  The flow?  Around the base of the palm.  There was a wall maybe a foot high around the palm, out maybe three feet in each direction.  Water from the ditch was filling that circle.  We stood and watched.  In case you’re wondering, watching water flow around a palm tree will never be a spectator sport.  We stood.  Water flowed.  I caught my breath and wondered what we were doing.
A boy came along.  Ten or eleven.  He stooped down and moved a cloth covered rock.  It had been blocking the water from flowing farther down the ditch.  Now he put it at the entrance to the palm tree.  Water stopped going into the tree, and started flowing down to the next tree.  Okay, there was a sequence to the watering, with each tree just getting so much.  The kid was operating the irrigation gates.  Just a rock moved from here to there, but it worked.
I looked at Abdullah.  Was the show over?  Did we move down and see the next tree get water?  He just pointed across the valley.  About two hundred yards away was a ridge.  Long and straight.  Just a normal ridge.  But there were some rocks on it.  Tall rocks spaced ten or so feet apart.  Why am I looking at rocks?  The sun is behind them, so I have to shield my eyes.  Why is he making me look into the sun?  Yes, the rocks are tall, but it’s not like they are gold or something.
“When the sun touches that rock,” he points to the next rock in line, “the boy will change the flow of the water.”  I look around for the boy, but he is gone, off doing whatever eleven year old boys do when they aren’t moving rock irrigation gates.
“Wouldn’t it be easier to give the kid a watch?”
“The Persians didn’t have watches.”
“You mean the Iranians put up the rocks?”
“Back then they were called Persians.”
“Back when?”
“Back when the Persians ruled all this land.”
Okay.  Now, sun or no sun, I am looking over at those rocks.  Some ancient guy’s idea of a clock?  And in this town where a Toyota is parked in front of most homes, they are still using it?
“Tell me this isn’t some joke locals pull on tourists.”
“I can show you a long history of laws describing rocks and water and ownership.”
“Still?”
“Yes, still.”  We stood and looked at each other for a while, and then he smiled and took my hand.  “Enough.  Let me get you to a good meal and a quiet place where we can talk.”  
I squeezed his hand, and off we went.
It was a long drive down from wherever we were, and the sun was getting low.  I was looking for rocks – any other standing clocks out there?  Abdullah, being a good guy, held my hand when traffic allowed.  It almost always allowed.  We were out in the middle of nowhere. 
“I liked seeing your country today.  I guess the theme for the day was ‘old.’  For what it is worth, I used to entertain people by describing the history of Amberg – all one hundred years of it.”
“There was a subtheme – water.  When you live in a desert, you learn a great deal about water.  We have been digging for it, and moving it for thousands of years.”
“Okay.  By the way, if you unbutton these two buttons on my abaya, you can reach in.”  He had his hand on my thigh pretty fast.  Yes, my skirt had been annoying all day, but now it was earning its keep.
“So, we have nations that have been working with water since time began.  And then, along comes this company from Switzerland to show us how.”
“Ouch.”  I pushed his hand off my thigh.  I was still wearing my niqab or he would have seen a pretty angry look.  “I don’t think that is what happened at all.  I was with Elias when he arrived in Dubai.  He was looking for partners.  He found one – the man who would become my husband.  They worked together, with Elias drilling and Ibrahim piping the water around town.  And both of them were looking to improve processes.  I know they spent a lot of time studying the waters of Al Ain to see how that aquifer worked.  The idea was to learn – from what your best people had done over the centuries in Al Ain – and then apply it elsewhere – mostly in Saudi Arabia.”
“Two men you loved.”
“Yes.”
“I apologize.”  The hand on my thigh went back to work.  
“Abdullah, they were good men.  Both of them.”  I stopped and looked at him.  Problem with a niqab.  Could he see my intensity?  “And I am sure they understood and valued everything that has been learned locally about water.  Hell, one of them was local.”
“Yes, I understand they did good work.  But after them…”
“I’m not sure what happened after them.  I went back to America.  I had nothing to do with the company for several years.  I am sure there was someone sent to oversee their projects, and then after a couple years Saanvi and Mathieu took over.”
“It was Mathieu.  Saanvi was having his babies.”
“She had nannies.  I am sure she advised him.”
“On how to drill wells?”
You know, I really am slow.  If there is an award for patience, Abdullah certainly earned it that day.  He had taken an entire day to build up to something I should have considered long ago.  Emil sent Saanvi and Mathieu out of Bern just to stop their mischief.  They arrive in Dubai, and suddenly well drilling contracts spike and money pours in.  How did they do that?  Saanvi had been a maid.  What had Mathieu been – a juice salesman with a territory in northern Italy.  What did either of them know about drilling wells?  Yet I had seen their sales reports.  They had put in hundreds of wells all over the Gulf.  How?
“The nice thing about a niqab is you can’t see how embarrassed I am.  They were committing fraud at a far deeper level than any of us saw.  I missed it.  I missed all of it.”
“You would have seen it if you had been here.  You would have seen the companies they were working with, and you would have wondered – what do these local companies need with Mathieu?”
“So, his contracts?”
“Doctored.  He even showed us how.  I have never seen a man so eager to brag about theft.  Elias had established a few contacts during his time.  Mathieu started with them.  He would take any portion of a large project.  Maybe it was just delivering pipes or drill heads.  Anything worked, especially on large projects.  He would get some payment, and send it to Bern.  He was actually a minor subcontractor, but he made it look as if he was the lead provider.  He appeared successful.  But large projects require investment dollars for equipment and supplies.  Millions.  He’d doctor a contract so it appeared he was leading the entire project, and request support over a three year period, with huge returns to follow those three years.  Your basic return on investment.  ROI would be massive, all that was required was patience while the wells went in and the piping began moving the water.”
“I don’t remember when Emil sent him down here, but I am guessing three years is about over.”
“The contracts begin requiring payment in two months.  That’s when all the future revenue you have been booking should actually appear.”
“And it won’t.  Lovely.  Meanwhile, we keep sending him money to pay for the pipe he is not actually putting in the ground, pipe he is buying from a company he has set up.”
“And since the pipe is not actually being used, he can then sell it.  So, he is being paid twice for pipe and drill heads and everything else.”
“I’ll kill the bastard.”
Nice thing about Abdullah.  I think he would have let me.
We drove on in silence.  I was too angry to speak.  Abdullah?  Well, Abdullah was too smart to get between me and my anger.  He kept a hand on my thigh, the other steering his massive, white Beemer down quiet country roads.  
“How do we get the bastard?”
“We have time to plan that, and time to think about us.”
I’ve got a hand on his thigh (two can play that game), thinking about him, and thinking about Mathieu.  That’s one of the problems with bad guys.  You spend time thinking about them, when you should be thinking about good guys.  Especially if you are sitting tight against a good guy.  
My mind was so busy I missed the turn, and missed seeing McDonalds, so I didn’t know that we were back in Nizwa.  Not that it mattered.  But the next turn did.  It took us in to the Golden Tulip Hotel.  I think Yelp would like anything I would say about it.  Abdullah certainly got five stars for the night.



Chapter 24
 Caravan Banking

Okay.  By agreement, we decided we would say no more about Saanvi and Mathieu, or about how we would stop them.  Not for the next day or two.  We would talk about us.  Specifically, could there be an us?  Yes, we had mixed it up between the sheets back on the yacht, but, really, did the two of us have a chance of staying together?
Abdullah picked a great place for us to work that out.  Nizwa was away from all the bustle and interruptions of Muscat (and all his family).  And the Golden Tulip was two miles outside Nizwa.  Nice place, but smaller (I would guess about forty rooms), single story, outdoor pool, gardens, clean and quiet.  Emphasis on clean and quiet.  I think it was us and a busload of German tourists.  There was a poolside buffet in the evenings, and a nicer restaurant for breakfast.
I was wearing my veil as we walked in to register.  I stood behind Abdullah as he filled in the forms.  Interesting to be invisible.  Just a shape in black standing in the lobby.  He took my hand and we walked hallways to our room.  He hung a “Do not Disturb” sign, and I stood close.
“We should pray.”  He was right.  We had missed the noon and midafternoon prayers, and now it was dusk.  
I looked around for the best place, and noticed he was pointing up.  Heaven?  I looked where he was pointing and saw a black arrow stenciled on the ceiling.  Mecca that way.  We stood in that area, faced the direction of the arrow, and began our prayers.  I kept my shoulder tight to his, and followed his every move.  We spent about ten minutes praying.  It was an interesting sensation.  Neither of us said a word.  This was our first time to really be on our own, and we were silent.  He prayed, I prayed, we moved together.
When we finished, we were on our knees.  I could feel him start to rise, but I took his hand and held him where he was.
“Abdullah, if you want me, take my veil.”
Our hips were tight against each other, and I thought he might just reach over and pull my veil off, but instead, he wrapped his arms around me.  He held me to him, my head on his shoulder.  And that’s all he did – for a very long time.  He held me.  I could feel his strength, and his warmth, and his love.
When he finally moved, it was to raise one hand to the back of my head.  My niqab was held on by a very thin strap wrapped around to the back of my head.  He held the back of my head, pulling me tighter into his shoulder as he quietly talked to me.  He said everything I could possibly want to hear.  His love to me, how much I pleased him, how much he loved looking at me, how pleased he was I had come with him.  And as he talked, I could feel his hand slowly move to the knot at the back of my head.  I could feel his fingers touch the knot and feel for the end of the thin strap.  When he found it, he slowly pulled on it.  So slowly, as he continued to tell me of his love.  Finally he pulled it free, and then pulled the other end.  All this time his arm is around me, holding me to him, his hand at the back of my head, holding my face against his.  I don’t know how many times I kissed his cheek through the thin material of the veil.  Finally he undid the knot, and let my veil slide down across my face.
“You are beautiful beyond words.”
“Take my hijab.”
He continued to hold me to him with one arm.  His other hand pulled the head cloth from around my neck, leaving the ends loose across my chest.  Then he reached to the top of my forehead and pulled the hijab back behind my head, dropping it behind me.  His hand went into my hair and pulled me to him.
He didn’t wait for my next instructions.  He opened the top of my abaya and slid it back behind me.  I pulled my arms free and rested them on his thighs.  He brought his arms around me again, holding me tight while also stroking my arms and back through the softness of my gown.  We kissed, and he told me of his love, and then, slowly he unzipped my dress.  He pulled it forward past my shoulders and down to my hips.  I sat waiting, looking up at him as he reached behind me and unhooked my bra.  I was naked, my clothes lying in a pile around my hips.  I sat still, letting him look at me.  I can’t begin to tell you what that felt like – to give him access to my body.  To sit, and let him look.  I studied his face, watching for his reaction, hoping for his approval.  I was certain I was seeing it in his eyes.
“Abdullah, if you want me, I am yours.  Please ask.”
“I want you with all my soul.  Will you marry me?”
“Yes, Abdullah, I will marry you.”
He stood, and pulled me to my feet.  My clothes fell as a puddle on the floor.  I added my panties to the pile.  He pulled off his long shirt, and then carried me to the bed.  One arm went around me, the other played with my hair or stroked my breast.  He kept his face close to mine, and kissed me several times.  I took his cock in my hand and pulled him to me.  I don’t know which of us was hotter.  When he entered me, I was already wet from wanting him.  As he rocked into me, I moaned and pulled at his head, bringing his face close so I could kiss him.
I wanted this man.  I would be his woman.  Inshallah, I would be his wife.
We lay together for a long time, touching, kissing, whispering.  For the first time, it felt like he was mine.  Not some man I was assigned to entertain.  Mine.  Mine to hold.  Mine to keep.  I hoped.  
I have no idea how long we lay together like that.  I was in no hurry to move from him.  I can’t remember being so happy, and so grateful.  I held his beard and kissed him.  I held his beard and smiled at him.  I held his beard and just looked at him.  He was mine now.  But.  To keep him, to marry him, there was much we needed to talk about.  I loved holding him.  I was overjoyed with the way he held me.  I loved his warmth, and his touch.  But I finally pushed him out of bed, and while our time in the shower was marvelous, I pushed him out of there too.  We needed to talk.  
So, before it got too late, we got dressed and went looking for dinner.  That’s when we found the poolside buffet and the Germans.  They looked like retirees, essentially the same folks who might have come to tour my castle.  They had spent all day up on the mountains above the town, and were now sharing pictures on their phones and cameras, and drinking beer.  Wearing my abaya and hijab, I wandered among them at the buffet, eavesdropping.  Seemed nice enough.  The women looked at me, but made no effort to talk with me.
Abdullah and I filled plates and sat at a table for two right at the edge of the pool.  Time for some serious talk.
“Let’s talk about goals.  Assuming we win this stock battle, what is it we can work on together?  What projects might we share?”  I asked.  “My primary goals are to work with the World Bank on their water projects, and completion of the Highway 2 project.”
“Tell me about that project.”
“It was Emil’s idea.  You would have liked him.  Good man.  And brilliant.  He was already thinking fifty years out to a time when global warming gets really bad.  Obviously people will need water.  But they will need it in different places, as populations shift.  He picked the area just south of Lake Superior.  Right now the area is losing population.  Lots of sad little towns slowly dying.  But fifty years from now, it will be a water resource.  Highway 2 runs through the center of that area.  He wanted to put water bottling plants along that route.  That is what I have been working on.  That needs to continue.”  
“Agreed.  We will help you.”
“Okay.  So far, so good.”  I was nervous asking, but I had to find out.  “Now tell me more about your bank.  What is it you do, and plan to do?”
“I finance projects.  But we do more than give people money.  We participate in projects.  Let me explain how banking is different here.”  He paused and looked at me.  Hesitant?  Afraid of boring me?  I nodded.  No niqab tonight.  He could see my face and my reactions.
“There is something called sharia banking.  In the Holy Quran, Mohammad, peace be upon him, says we are not to charge interest.  That is usury.  So, how does a bank operate?  In truth, many banks do charge interest.  But there is another way, a way that predates Islam.  I call it ‘caravan banking’, but others call it sharia banking.  
“When a caravan went out, it faced many risks.  It might be attacked and robbed.  There was a time when Mohammad himself, peace be upon him, attacked caravans near Medina.  So you shared risks by having many investors.  These investors did not get interest for a loan.  They got part of the merchandise and the profit – or loss – from it.  We do that now with home loans.  I do it with businesses.”
“Stop right there.”  I was getting upset.  A niqab might have been the right thing to wear.  I was suddenly angry, and he could see it.  “I am guessing your engagement with Mathieu was more than a normal loan.  You were going to get part of my company after he stole it.  It was your return for your investment.”
“Yes.”  And he stopped there.  No excuses, no explanation, no ambiguity.  We were staring across the table.  Eyeball to eyeball.
“And,” I kept my voice level, but I felt like shouting.  “If you support me, you will want part of my company.”
“Yes.”  He was still meeting my eyes. No evasion.  No sense of guilt.
“How much?”
“Eight percent.  You will need twenty seven million dollars to buy the shares you need.  We will provide it.”
“Eight percent of my company is worth about eighty million dollars.”
“Fifty seven million.  Your stock price is falling.  There are rumors and fears among your stock holders.”
“You pay twenty seven million for fifty seven million dollars in shares.  So your fee is thirty million for helping me.”
“Yes.”  He is still meeting my eyes.  I keep waiting for an apology, or an excuse.  I get silence.
“Well, so far it’s pretty clear you aren’t getting laid tonight.  Mind telling me what I am getting for your thirty million dollar fee?”
“You are getting a partner.  We are joining your caravan.”  I will give him credit.  No hesitation, no excuses, straight talk.
“Okay, tell me which camel you’re riding.”
“It’s a long story.”
“I would probably enjoy it more if I was having some beer like those Germans, but since I am a good Muslim lady, just go for it.  But you may end up sleeping alone.”
“Jessica,” he actually reached across the table and took my hand.  “The story will end well.”
“I hope.”
“It starts with oil.”
“Tell me if it ends with – and they lived happily ever after.”
“I think it will.”  He stopped again.  I will give the guy credit for building suspense.
“Abdullah, the story.”  He smiled at me and played with my hand.  Nice move, but for thirty million, I want more.
“Every country around here has a white paper that is titled – Oman 2020, or Saudi 2030, or Dubai 2025.  The year differs, but the contents of the white paper is the same – peak oil.  At some point the quantity of oil will reach its peak and the flow will decline – as will our incomes.  So every country is planning for a different future.”
“Sorry.”
“The papers are wrong.  The problem is not peak oil, it is peak demand.  Coal is already there.  Just one more mineral not worth digging out of the ground.  Demand for coal is dropping like a rock.  Oil will be next.  The drop in demand will be slower, but it will be sooner than people expect.  My bank expects demand to peak in five years.”
“So you will be leaving that caravan.”
“Yes.”
“And joining mine.”
“Yes.”
“Why am I paying you thirty million to ride one of my camels?”
“At the moment, you need a guard to protect you from raiders.  These people are coming down at you fast.  But you will also need us when they are gone.  We will finance your projects.  And we will advise you.  We share your goals.  We agree with you about where the world will be in fifty years.  In fact we think it will be earlier.  We will help you build what you need.”
“I’ll give you five percent.”
“Seven.”
“Six.”
“Done.”  We shook on it.
“You’d better be really good in bed tonight.”
He was.



Chapter 25
 Grocery Shopping

The next conversation began in bed and continued in one form or another all the next day.  We would be business partners.  Okay.  The company certainly needed money now, and we would need it in the future.  He would provide it.  So, that was settled.  We had a business partnership – a partnership based on a shared vision.  Water would be crucial.  We would help provide it.  We – him and me.  The guy I was lying next to.  The guy with his hand on my ass.  The guy with an arm around me as my head rested on his shoulder.  The guy whose beard I could grab any time I wanted a kiss.  That guy.  The guy I still wanted to marry.  If.  
Actually there was more than one if.   If we were going to live happily ever after, we would have several more things to work out.  But we might as well start with – live.  We would live happily ever after – where? 
“We need to talk about where we would live.  If we marry.”  He grabbed my ass tighter at the word “marry.”  I had his attention.  “Assuming the company isn’t stolen from me, I will be CEO.  I will need to live in Bern, but I also need to spend some time in Wisconsin with my family.  And in Upper Michigan as I complete the Highway 2 project.”
“I have family in Muscat.  And our financing will be here.  And I have my place at the bank.”
“So we will live part of the year here.”
“Yes.”
Sounds like we have it all worked out, right?  We will just live here and there and everything will be fine.  We both knew better.  I had been in Oman for a time that could be measured in hours.  Was I ready now to live here six months a year?  Four months?  Which months?  Yes, I loved the guy, but long distance marriages don’t last.  I needed to feel that Oman could actually be a home for me, that I would not only come to Oman to be with my man, but come gladly.
So, we went to a shopping mall.
It was the next morning – Day 2.  We were all over each other in the shower, and then got dressed.  He had a change of clothes.  I did not.  My dress was sexy as hell, but no dress should be worn three days in a row.  So after breakfast we drove to the Nizwa Mall.  
Big place.  Nice.  Lots of women’s stores.  I had no trouble finding clothes.  I also saw some nightgowns that looked good.  So…  Meanwhile, Abdullah was off getting what he needed.  We had agreed to meet at the coffee shop at the end of the mall.  Needless to say, he was there before me.  We sat with our coffees and watched the world go by.  Women dressed in black.  A few veiled, most not.  Men in white dishdashas, unless they were Indian, in which case they seemed to be in blue work clothes.  A few families, men walking in front, holding the hand of a young son, girls and other boys trailing behind, mom bringing up the rear.  Often the little girls were dressed like Disney princesses.  Not sure what age it was, but older girls dressed like mom.
We sat and watched, not really saying much.  We took our time over our coffee, and then walked the mall.  Single story, main hallway with a floor of glossy white tile.  Stores on either side with huge display windows – mannequins and posters.  Clothing stores, a couple electronics stores, two perfume places, a pharmacy.  At our end was a food court – Micki D, Pizza Hut, KFC, Subway.  Really.  American fast food had every spot.  
The other end of the mall – a grocery store.  We were staying in a hotel with two restaurants.  Obviously we didn’t need groceries.  I pulled Abdullah in anyway.  I even pushed a cart.  Big place.  Household items and clothing to the left of the entrance – even a large Christmas display and some gifts.  Interesting.  To the right – groceries going on forever.  The area had to be a hundred yards deep and two hundred yards long.
I cruised every aisle.  Quick summary – they had every grocery item you would find in an American store, plus every item you would find in Europe.  Labels were in English and Arabic, prices comparable to the U.S.  No pork, and no alcohol, but anything else you wanted was there.  I wanted samosas.  No, they didn’t have any of the brand Dannah and I had created, but they had several styles.  I bought half a dozen.  I also bought bananas and several oranges.  We could snack next to the pool.
The last thing I checked?  Fruit juices.  Their coolers went on forever and featured every fruit combination you can imagine.  What didn’t they have?  Any fruit juice from Naturale.  Hmm.
So, yes, I am thinking sales opportunities as I shop, but I am also just walking along, pushing my basket, my man alongside.  And I know what I am doing.  I am performing one of the most fundamental domestic acts – grocery shopping.  And I am taking my pulse (not literally) while I walk the aisles.  How does this feel?  How comfortable am I?  How confident am I?  Do I enjoy this?  Would I enjoy doing this in the future?  Put another way, if I were his wife, would I be comfortable doing this month after month.  Short answer?  Yes.  I liked the place.  We would be living in Muscat, not Nizwa, but shopping was shopping, and I could shop in Oman.  A simple thing, I know.  But simple things matter.   
We checked out and went straight back to the hotel.  We sat poolside, ate samosas (not bad, but mine were better.  Why wasn’t Dannah selling them here?), and talked schedule.  I could live here.  When would be best?
“Jess, I know you will want Christmas in Amberg.  I am fine with that.  But please tell me we don’t have to stay in January.”  
“Yes, I want Christmas.  I assume you want Ramadan here.”
“Of course.”
“Good.  I like Ramadan.  You have no idea how much work it is for the women, by the way (I gave him a bit of a scowl), but really, it reminds me of Thanksgiving in the U.S. except there is no football on TV, and you don’t get out the turkey until after sunset.  And of course it goes on for a month.”
“Mohammad, peace be upon him, would be happy to hear that.”
“Mohammad, peace be upon him, had three wives.  He never saw what a kitchen looked like in the hours before dawn and in the hour before dark.”
“And he never saw football on TV.”
“They always schedule the Lions.  A good game to miss.  By the way, when you are with us in December, you will root for the Packers, right?”
“I always liked the Vikings.”
“Please tell me you’re joking.”  He kept me waiting for a minute, but then he smiled.  Okay, the wedding was still on.
We had a good time sitting poolside trading months back and forth.  We both needed some time in Bern.  Neither of us wanted January in Wisconsin (or February or March).  Eventually we talked ourselves out and went back to our room for an afternoon nap.  He liked my new nightgown, and I liked having him close.  
Could we get married?  Lying in each other’s arms, we talked through other issues that might come up.  In the end, we could only think of one other “if”.  If our families would support our decision.



Chapter 26
 Families

Okay.  We are grownups.  We know it’s not just the two of us alone in the world.  Both of us have kids and grandkids.  We have parents.  We have siblings.  The right marriage will bring those people together.  The wrong marriage will pull us apart.  And yes, I know I am just stating the obvious, but obvious things matter.  So, how do we approach our families?
First step, we lay in bed, his hand doing marvels on my ass, and we talked about our families.  I went first.  I will admit to mumbling about a few things, like my mother being, well, unhappy with life, and I didn’t even try to explain why I didn’t know my father was my father until I was forty.  I sort of summarized those generations quickly, and then jumped to my girls, their husbands, and my grandkids.  I think I did a pretty good job on kids and grandkids without bragging too much.
Abdullah?  Wow.  I should have gotten out paper and pencil and drawn a family tree.  He was still describing his grandparents when we decided it was time to go to dinner.  We took our usual poolside table, and were on our third trip to the buffet before he got all the way through to his cousins, one of whom he had married.  The whole clan lived in or near Muscat.  Translation, I was going to be seeing all of them frequently.  And, of course, half a dozen of them lived in his house.  I needed to get used to the idea I was going to be seeing some of them daily – even before breakfast.
Can I deal with a house full of relatives?  I had shared two meals with them, and things had gone well so far.  Would that last?  Of course we did all have separate places.  Abdullah had a big house.  On a bad day, I could just go to my sitting room on the third floor.  Would there be many bad days?  Who knew?  No question, this would be complicated and involve some effort from me – and probably from everyone else.  I really wish Muslims were allowed to drink, because I desperately needed at least three glasses of wine.  Abdullah gave me a sympathetic smile.  Nice, but I would have preferred wine.
Now what?  Abdullah got out his phone and asked the waiter to take a picture of us.  We were side by side, smiling in front of the pool, two happy people, one of whom was hiding her nervousness as well as she could.  
Time to text.  I go first while I still have the courage.  The picture goes to my daughters and father.  Message?  “Hi.  Having a great time in Oman.  Abdullah and I are spending a lot of time together on a project.  I think this might become a long term project.  Thoughts?  Feelings?”  I hit SEND while I still had the courage.
Abdullah took a different direction.  He just sent our picture to everyone in the family.  They had met me at his house, and now they were seeing us together somewhere else.  They could figure out what the picture meant.  
So.  Now what?  A fourth trip to the buffet?  A slow walk around the pool?  Walking through the gardens in the moonlight?  No.  We sat where we were, looking at each other, a silly smile slowly appearing.  We had taken a major step.  Something important had happened.  My kids could text back at any time (the girls would be getting breakfast for my grandkids).  Who knew what they might say?  And Abdullah’s family?  If they had last minute concerns, they had essentially been put on the clock.  
Abdullah and I had made our first public announcement.  We had just told the world (at least the part of the world that mattered to us) that we were considering marriage.  That took some courage, didn’t it?  And I think we were both proud of ourselves.
Funny thing about our time together that night.  We didn’t wrestle around that bed.  We held each other.  Gentle strokes, long kisses, tender touches.  I didn’t even pull his beard much.  We stayed close, and slept in each other’s arms.
We left late the next morning.  It was back to Muscat.  While he drove (and I watched for crazy drivers), Abdullah gave me his phone – and two messages.  My daughters jointly responded that I looked happy in the picture.  If I was happy, they were happy.  Good girls.  My father?  He said after all the times I had been married, I definitely knew good guys from bad, so he wasn’t worried.  He did, however, want to know if he had to walk me down the aisle yet again.  His tux needed to go to the cleaners.  I explained Muslim marriages worked differently.  His tux could stay in the hall closet.
I asked Abdullah what he was hearing from his side.
“The kids are bragging their dad is marrying an American movie star.”
“Thirty eight seconds, Abdullah.  That’s all it was.”
“No matter.  Soon enough they will be bragging their dad married a great woman.”
“Thank you.”
So, we were set.  After knowing each other less than two weeks, we were getting married.  That settled, maybe it was time for us to talk more about the business.  I Started.
“I am really slow.  It took me until this morning to understand the obvious.  You were never going to lend Mathieu that money.”
“Oh?”
“You don’t lend money.  You partner with companies.  You would never partner with a company you knew would be robbed into bankruptcy.  You would get nothing from your investment.”
“That could be.”
“So, why didn’t you just call Kurt and settle all this?”
“Why?  With Kurt running the company, if Saanvi didn’t steal from him, someone else would have.  We would never partner with him.”
“And me?”
“We have been watching you ever since you set up your samosa business.  I wouldn’t have gotten onto that boat if you hadn’t been on it.  The cruise to Muscat gave me time to learn a great deal more about you.”
“So it wasn’t just my looks.”
“Your looks are a marvelous bonus.”
Okay, that’s a conversation I enjoyed.  I even let the next three tailgaters go past without swearing at them.  Watch out, Muscat, here comes a very happy lady. 
Once we got to town, we made three stops.  First, the Grand Mosque.  “Grand” hardly seems sufficient.  It is a complex of gardens and long covered walkways.  All floors are gleaming tile.  All walls covered with mosaics.  There are two huge prayer halls, one for men, and one for women.  The mosque was open for tours, and we went into both prayer halls.  The men’s hall was about a hundred yards square with a single carpet completely covering the floor.  Pillars held up a vaulted ceiling.  All surfaces were white mosaic or tile.  We walked the circumference, then left and went to the women’s hall.  Maybe one quarter the size of the men’s hall, surfaces there were covered with wood in a fairly medium shaded stain.  Very different feel.  Somehow calmer.  Quieter.
Abdullah left me there.  He said he would wait for me outside when I was ready.  Okay, ready for what?  I stood in the room for a while, then kneeled.  The carpet had lines in it, where women would line up during prayer times.  I went into a corner, and knelt with my knees on a line.  Now what?  I put my hands on my knees but didn’t bow.  But I did pray.  If Muhammad, peace be upon him, had been right about Allah, all this had been written for me.  I wasn’t sure about my priest back in Bern, but I suspected Father Jorge might think differently.  What did I think?  I thought I was a damn lucky woman.  If all this had been written for me, then an Amberg bartender had gotten a fabulous couple chapters.  And if some other influence was involved, well, I should at least have the good sense to be grateful.  As I knelt, I didn’t know if I was doing Muslim prayers or Catholic prayers, but either way, they were prayers of thanks.
Outside the hall I put on my shoes and hugged my husband.  The sun pretty much shines every day in Oman.  It was definitely shining on me that day.
Stop number two?  The police station.  Really.
I have been married lots of times and lots of ways, but I never had a marriage start at a police station before.  I understand.  Nations have procedures.  But still.  Fingerprints?  It only took half an hour, but I had a huge form to fill out, my passport was copied, my picture was taken, and then there was the fingerprinting.  Pretty invasive.  But.  From now on I would not only be married to Abdullah, but I would be doing business here.  So, I tried to keep a smile on my face.  I was pretty sure Abdullah would have to go through a lot worse once we got to America.
Stop three?  The bank.  The police had given me a resident card, complete with number and picture.  It also said it expired in two years.  I would talk with Abdullah about that later.  In the meantime, we drove to his bank.  There was a lobby at street level and a woman waiting for us.  I have to admit I am still confused about what jobs women can do, and what jobs were male only.  Grocery store checkout clerks were all male.  Bank clerks?  Some male, but mostly female.  Cultures confuse the hell out of me.  
We approached her desk, and she was instantly on her feet.  The boss was here.  We did our salaams, and then I sat, she sat, and Abdullah stood.  There were half a dozen other clerks at nearby desks, all of whom seemed to be sitting particularly straight while they stayed particularly busy.
There were three documents we needed to deal with.  First, our marriage contract.  It was two pages in English and Arabic, and obviously had been done days in advance.  My man had been busy.  And obviously he had expected me to say “yes.”  (Not that I had played hard to get.)  I signed, Abdullah signed, the clerk witnessed.  My bride price?  One hundred thousand rials – about a quarter million dollars.  And, yes, I was sure I would find a time soon enough to brag to my daughters.  Guess how much marriage to your mom is worth?
Next document – my new bank account.  I signed, the clerk signed.  She gave me papers and a debit card.  Last document?  Bank transfer – Abdullah’s account to mine.  My bride price paid in full.  Nice to have the money.  More important to have a way to move funds from here to Bern to Amberg.  We would be doing a lot of that over the next few days, and of course over many years in the future (Inshallah).  
Legally a resident, happily married, fully banked, it was time for Abdullah and me to deal with Saanvi and Mathieu.
The bank had eight floors.  We took the elevator to the top – Abdullah’s office.  Lots of space, huge windows looking toward the ocean, big desk and big conference table.  Your basic executive office.  We walked in, and three guys joined us pretty fast.  One young guy, two guys Abdullah’s age.  I was introduced.  No handshakes.  You don’t touch a lady in an abaya and hijab.  Conversations were in English, a language all the men seemed comfortable with.
Abdullah started.  “Where is he now?”
“Third floor conference room.”  One of the older guys.
“Can we keep him busy another day?”  Abdullah.
“We have done endless PowerPoint slides on the bank’s history.  He is just getting started on his work along the Persian Gulf.  He likes to talk.  He could be busy all day today, and tomorrow as well.”
“And his partners in Bern?”  Abdullah asked.  My blood pressure jumped.
“He asserts he has six partners helping push the stock price down, but he is communicating mainly with three men.”
“We know who they are?”  I didn’t quite shout, but I was close.
“Yes, Mrs. Gruber.  He has been emailing from here, and he has been including me in all the emails we have seen him send.  He is very open about our participation.  He wants me to see, and he wants them to know we are involved.”  All this from the older guy sitting to Abdullah’s right.
“Thank you.”  I began.  “But two additional points.  First, it is the custom of women in my country to take their husband’s name.  I ask to be addressed as Jessica al Harthi.  I am proud to be Abdullah’s wife.  Second, while Mathieu is open about his communications, he is not the dangerous one.  His wife is.  We should expect all secret communications to come from her while she waits on their boat.”
“Blessings upon you both.”
“Thank you.  Do we have communications from the three men that would prove to their peers that they have been involved in depressing the company share price?”
“Yes.  Each of the three seem to be bragging about lies they have told, and have even named families they claim to have duped.  They are very open about what they have done, and continue to do.”
“I will need copies of all those emails and any new ones.  Also, Abdullah, I need to know how much money they expect from the bank.”
“Mathieu wishes to borrow fifty million Omani Rials – about one hundred thirty million dollars.”  I damn near choked, but kept my mouth shut, and Abdullah continued.  “Each of his Bern partners will take one million rials.  They want the money in two weeks.  By then the stock price will be low enough they can buy a controlling interest.”
“I don’t understand.”  This from the young guy.  “The stock price is dropping because there are rumors of thefts.  But we know the thefts are real.  Once that is known, the price will drop even lower.  So why are they buying?”
My turn.  “Once they control the company, they can hide the thefts.  They will gut the company for years.  Five or six years from now, there will be no company.”   What I said was obvious.  That didn’t make it any easier to say it.
“The Grubers own a separate company.”  Inside information from Abdullah.  “Oasis Construction.  Offices in Dubai, but also registered in India.  It is the company they used to hold the construction equipment they had Naturale pay for.  That company will survive, fattened by their illegal deals, and owning all the portions of Naturale they choose to preserve.  They kill Naturale, and scavenge the body.”
There was silence around the table.  I couldn’t help but look out the window.  The ocean was blue, the sun was bright, it was a glorious day.  Yet here we were, sitting in this brilliantly lit room, plotting a response to incredible greed.  I think that was what bothered me most about this whole business.  Every person involved in this plot already had millions.  What was the point of yet more millions?
“I would like to approach the problem this way.”  We had described the problem.  I owed my partners a reasonable solution.  “First, I need to get her Bern partners out of the company.  I will want to buy their shares.  I ask your bank to fund that.  I also need you to keep Mathieu from funding his purchases.  While he is talking to you, Saanvi may be talking to other banks.  Please monitor that.  Assuming we stop this current assault, we still have two problems.  The company is being robbed, and it will be greatly weakened for years.  I need to address that.  Also, Mathieu and Saanvi need to be stopped.  Even if they do not take over our company, they have stripped off millions of dollars.  They can do mischief for years with that kind of money.”
“We have talked about that.”  The old guy to Abdullah’s right again.  “We have seen the contracts they doctored.  The companies in Dubai could file suit, or the authorities could charge them for breaking finance laws.  These are serious violations.  At a minimum it would keep them in court for years.”
“That could be done?”  I asked.
Abdullah answered.  “We have contacts in the UAE.  We also have a way to get Mathieu back to Dubai where he can be charged.  We suggest we want to partner with a Dubai bank, and ask that he return there.  While he is on his yacht, you can act.”
So.  We had a plan.
I needed to get back to Bern.  But.  Really.  I had just been married.  Granted, it involved a police station and bank lobby, but we were now married.  Should we celebrate?  Of course, but any big gathering would be noticed by Saanvi and Mathieu.  We didn’t want that.  So, what did we do?  Abdullah and I went back to his house, and this time I went up to the third floor with him.
I could describe the bedroom gymnastics of that night, and there were plenty, but the times I will remember the longest were actually the times when we just lay against each other and talked.  I had my head on his shoulder, and I was practically whispering.
“You told me you were attracted to me when I first approached you with Saanvi’s meal.  For me, it was that night.  Saanvi had left me bound and helpless.  I asked her why she had done that.  She said she wanted to know what kind of man you were.  That was a lie.  She knew for certain you would rape me, because in her mind, that is how all people are.  You would have your pleasure, and I would be further humiliated.  In her world, kindness does not exist.  Not for me, not for her, not for anyone.  Emil used to say she had been taken from her mother too soon.”
“As I recall, I left you alone, only to have you bite me until I did something.”
“I didn’t bite you very hard.  Don’t be a baby.”
“Maybe.  All I know for certain is how grateful I was.  I ached with your beauty.  I wanted to hold you.  I wanted you like none other.”
“You have me.  You get to keep me.  And I get to keep you.  From this day forward, I am yours and you are mine.”
“From this day forward.”



Chapter 27
 Help from an old friend

Much as I wanted to stay in Muscat, I needed to get moving.  I had time to test Abdullah’s shower (it passed, as did he), and then I was off.  I wore one of my new Nizwa Mall dresses under my abaya (I also wore a hijab and niqab in case anyone of Saanvi’s people might see me), and had Abdullah take me to the airport.
As much as I needed to block this takeover attempt, I also needed to strengthen the company.  Within a day or two, the Gruber family and all its branches were going to know things were even worse than the rumors.  And while we could stop the thefts, we would be left a shadow of our former self.  That meant job losses and dividend reductions.  Tough times for lots of families.  I had two ideas that might help.
I started with Dannah.  She was my stepdaughter.  I bought a phone at the airport, and called her as I flew from Muscat to Dubai.  It’s maybe a forty five minute flight, and most of that is taxiing out from one airport, and then taxiing in to the next.  I barely had time to call her, and I was on the ground.  Of course the Dubai traffic gave me an additional thirty minutes.  I always tip my cab drivers well in Dubai.  They earn it.
She was still in the same factory we had rented when we first launched the company.  I had made the samosas.  She sold them.  We were both pretty good at our jobs.  Her father – my husband Ibrahim - made me sell the company to her when he felt he could no longer trust me.  He was probably right.  I was still coming to terms with my relationship with Elias (the man Saanvi had stolen from me), and who knew what might have happened if I had spent any more time with Elias.  Sorry.  I know that is confusing.  Let’s keep it simple.  I started a samosa business with Dannah.  She bought out my part of the business when my marriage to her father got uncomfortable.
Several years had passed, and it was obvious she was doing well.  I had the cab drop me off at the entrance I had always used before – the entrance to the bakery.  I pulled the door open and had five or six men yell at me.  I was at the kitchen entrance.  Customers were to go around the corner.  They shouted in Arabic (based on the way I was dressed), but they could have shouted in Chinese, and I still would have understood the basics – I was using the wrong door, the right door was where they pointed.
The entrance around the corner had not been there when I was part owner.  Now it was wide, fancy, and covered with a huge sign – “Swiss-style samosas.  The healthy choice.”  English and Arabic.  I pushed through the door and found four women – also in abayas and hijabs – sitting in one of the nicest reception areas I had ever seen.  Ferns, paneled walls, deep carpets on the floor, huge posters of Switzerland on the walls.
Dannah was waiting for me at the far end of the room.  She was obviously enjoying the look on my face.  Not yet thirty, she was the owner of a business that screamed success.  She just stood and waited for me to come to her.  We kissed cheeks and then sat around a small table in her office.  Standard business furniture for standard business procedures – except the table was high end, the chairs were good quality leather, and her assistant had coffee and dates in front of us before I got my ass fully into my chair.
“You have done well.”  Might as well begin with the obvious.
“You gave me a good product to sell.”
“When did you go with the Swiss branding?”
“I had a marketing team do a survey.  We needed to explain not just that your samosas were different, but why.  You were from Switzerland, Switzerland has a good image, so…”
“Actually the combination of dough and meat is something I picked up in Upper Michigan, and they got it from miners in Wales and Finland.”
“Jessica…”
“I know.  Image.”
I had always liked Dannah.  She was living with Ibrahim while she waited to get married (and was pretty impatient about it), and she was happy to work with me on the samosa project.  She worked as many hours as I did, and contributed sales skills I would never have.
We talked family for a while.  One of Ibrahim’s wives had died – the fat one.  And the young twins were in high school, choosing which university to attend.  Her older brother, Abdullah, now head of the family, was doing a good job managing the business Ibrahim had left him.
My turn.  I talked about my kids and my recent (just yesterday) marriage. Also, my current work with Naturale, and my expansion of the business to Oman.  When I said “Naturale,” she made a face.  Good.  She knew the company.  What had she heard?  She said her brother had been involved with a Mathieu Gruber from that company, and it hadn’t gone well.  He would not work with the company again.
“Dannah, would you like to work with me again?”
“Certainly.”
“I am about to become the CEO of Naturale.  The well drilling operation here in the Gulf has not been going well.  I plan to stop it.  Instead, I want to start selling our juices here.  I am looking for an exclusive distributor.  Someone who could sell ‘Natural Juices from Switzerland – The Healthy Choice.’”
“Exclusive distributor?”
“Yes.  And we can negotiate the size of the territory.  You know the market.  You know how many units you could move.  You are already making deliveries all over the Gulf.  Now you would have one more product in the back of your trucks.”
“What would the fee be?”
“Do your own analysis.  Determine how large a territory you think you could manage.  Make me an offer.  I ask two things.  Tell no one – not even your brother – about the changes I will be making to my company.  And, make me an offer in two days.”
She had lots of questions, and she got our company up on Google so we could talk about the various juices we carried.  I gave her the intranet password so she could get to dealer information – discounts, volumes, shipping costs, etc.  We spent another hour together looking at the company website and talking about the local market.  By the time my cab came for me, I didn’t have a contract, but I was certain she would be selling our juices very soon.



Chapter 28
 Selling the Castle

It was afternoon by the time I got back to the airport, and I wanted to rest and get some lunch, but there was a flight leaving immediately for Frankfurt, so I took it.  I made two calls on the flight.  The first was to the man who had bought the All Season Resort from me (now the very snooty but very successful Hilton Resort in Amberg).  It was five a.m. where he lived, but he took my call.  He was still with Hilton, he remembered me (why not, I bet that purchase had gotten him promoted two or three levels), and he was interested in my proposal.  He would make some calls to his European colleagues, and they would get back to me.  They did – in less than an hour.  I thought I could hear them drooling over the phone.  They would have a team at the castle by ten the next morning.
Next call?  Willa.  It was lunch time in Bern.  I am not sure she ate that day.  I talked to her for nearly two hours.  Not sure what the connection charge was per minute, but I thought it was worth it.  What had been going on for the last ten days or so?  I covered the yacht passage in two minutes.  It took two minutes more to name and shame the three insiders Mathieu and Saanvi were using.  I told her I had emails to show her.  We agreed almost instantly on how to respond.  So what took two hours?  The castle.  I saw it as a way to get a quick fifty or sixty million.  She saw it as a family heirloom.  We went back and forth as the plane bounced through turbulence and through a meal service.  In the end, I just said we would talk about it in the morning.
It was still afternoon by the time I landed in Frankfurt, and just dinner time when I got to Bern.  But it was definitely bedtime in Muscat (and for me).  But, like anyone traveling, I had calls to make.  First, new husband Abdullah.  I had a chatty cab driver who complained about the traffic and about the weather (some wind, a little snow, no big deal, what a whiner), but I was still able to hear Abdullah.  I told him about the juice distributorships.  He said he would do some checking on common fees.  He also explained Mathieu had started the cruise back to Dubai.  Still happy to be closing in on the deal.
Once at the castle, I went straight to the kitchen, made a sandwich, and called my girls.  Yes, mom is married again.  They would meet him at Christmas.
Upstairs some group was in the Great Hall.  They were singing Christmas carols.  I stood at the edge of the hall looking for familiar faces.  I saw none, sang a couple carols, and left.  I was still wearing my hijab and abaya, so I suppose I surprised a few people – who’s the Arab singing with us?  By the time anyone thought to ask, I was in my bed sound asleep.
Ellen woke me far too early.
“Some people from Hilton are here to see you.”
I just stared at her.  Long day, jet lag, change of scene.  Whatever the cause, things did not compute.  She tried again.
“Good morning, Jess.  Glad to see you are back.  I know you got in late, but it is ten o’clock, and some people from Hilton Hotels say they have an appointment to meet with you.”  
By the time she finished all that, my neurons were firing again.  I rolled out of bed and gave Ellen a hug.
“Thank you.  I am going to need a few minutes.  While I dress, could you give them a bit of a tour?  Start with the basement.  By the time you get to the main level, I should be down.”
“Jess, why are they here?”
“Can I explain later?”
“Of course.”  And she was off to give a tour.
Me?  I was desperate for a shower and a cup of coffee.  Shower first.  In and out, my hair mostly dry.  What to wear?  A castle dress.  For at least one more day I was mistress of the castle, and they should see what that looked like.  I went with navy blue, long sleeves, long skirt.  I ran a comb through my hair and used far less makeup than I should have.  I looked like a forty five year old lady who had been putting in a lot of hours.  But I didn’t have the time or the masses of makeup to hide that.
I didn’t find the Hilton people on the main level, so I took the stairs into the kitchen.  Ellen, bless her heart, had a pot of coffee brewed.  I poured a cup, dropped an ice cube in, and drank most of it.  Okay world, here I come.
The Hilton people were in the wine cellar.  There were ten of them.  They brought ten.  Ten.  I instantly knew that they were going to buy the castle.  You don’t bring ten people if you aren’t interested.  We might have to fight over price, but the ending was already established – they would turn the castle into a hotel.
“Welcome.  I’m Jessica Gruber.”  Oops.  I had already forgotten my new name.  But I hadn’t forgotten how to smile and shake the hand of every person in the group.  Every person was important.  Every person got a “thank you for coming,” or “I’m so glad to meet you,” or “I hope the trip here went well.”  I stood, looked directly at them, kept my hand in theirs, and listened to whatever they had to say.  Somewhere in that group was whoever was in charge, but I figured they would announce themselves quickly enough.
She did.  
“I’m Sandra North, a manager in our acquisitions department, and this is James Carter, my assistant.”  She sounded like a newsreader for the BBC, not just the accent, but the careful diction.  Tall (skinny actually), well dressed, I would guess mid-thirties.  Young.  Maybe too young.  Either a quick climber, or a junior in the department.  Just sent to do a preliminary appraisal?
“I brought some of our technical experts along.”  She waved in the direction of the other eight.  “I hope you don’t mind.”
“Of course not.  May I suggest we turn them loose to do their appraisals, and you and I and Mr. Carter can wander through the castle?  I think you will find it very interesting.”
She agreed, so off we went.  I began what might be my final castle tour.  First rule of sales?  Make your customer feel special.  So I took them everywhere, often beginning my description of a room or an area with “I don’t think I have ever shown this area to anyone before, but I think you will enjoy it.”  Or, “You certainly understand the importance of…”  I went on that way for over an hour.  We saw it all.  They seemed pleasant enough, asked good questions, showed some interest in history.  The tour was going well.
So I took the tour to the next level - the south turret.  It was cold up there.  But there was no wind.  The air was still.  I thought they would be impressed.  Great view, right?  But something funny happened.  Maybe jet lag, or general fatigue.  But suddenly I didn’t want to talk any more.  I just wanted to look.  At the Alps.  Those beautiful, incredible Alps.  I stood, and stared, and ignored my guests.  And I thought I might cry.  It just hit me.  What would I give to have Emil’s arm around my shoulders as I stood there.
“The grounds extend to the river?”  A reasonable question.  I ignored it.  There was snow on the Alps.  Pines groves protruded in some places.  Rock cliffs in others.  But mostly the scene was white – brilliantly white under the noon sun.  I stood and stared.  Maybe Willa was right.  Maybe we shouldn’t sell.
“I was asking about the grounds.”
“The first time I saw that view, I thought my heart would stop.”
“Yes, it’s very nice.”  I could tell she had turned toward me, and was looking at me.  I wasn’t ready yet to look at her.
“I used to stand up here with my husband.”
“We will need to upgrade the safety railings, but I am sure this will be a popular place for couples.”
“Mrs. North.”  I turned toward her.  She was at least three inches taller than me, but somehow she seemed shorter.  “Your life will fly by.  If you have a chance, stop and freeze moments when you can.”  I stepped past her and circled down the turret staircase. 
Not good, Jessica, I said to myself as I walked across the Great Hall.  You need to sell this place.  Stop being so goddamn moody.  686 shareholders don’t know they are being robbed in Dubai.  They think they are getting their usual dividend check.  That’s not going to happen unless you can fill a very big hole.
When in doubt, sit with a cup of coffee.  I went down to the kitchen and sat with Ellen.
“Are we serving them lunch?”  She put a cup of coffee in front of me, and sat with her own.
“Yes.  Just make soup or something.  I will help you carry it up.”
“Are we selling the castle?”
“Yes.  I assume you have heard rumors that the company is not doing well.”
“I hoped they were just rumors.”
“To tell you just how odd all this is, yes there are rumors, being pushed by several people to drive the stock price down, but behind the rumors, there really is a problem with our operation in Dubai.  We could use the money from this place.”
“I like it here.”
“Me too.  I see Emil in every room.  By the way, we will have a job for you somewhere in the company.”
“But not here.”
“No.”
We sipped coffee and stared at the table top.  At one point I just reached across the table and took her hand.
“When are you going off the do your Christmas shopping?  Still going to Mall of America?”
“I’m leaving on Monday.  My sister says Minneapolis is buried in snow, but the mall is full of shoppers.  We prowl the same shops every year.  It should be fun.  What’s new with you?”
“I got married two days ago.  Abdullah al Harthi.  Runs the Bank of Muscat.”
“Congratulations.  Where’s Muscat?”
“Oman.”
“I need to get a map.”
“Me too.”
I’m not sure what we would have said after that.  But Sandra North came down the last stairs to the kitchen.  I stood.  Ellen got up and stood by the stove.
“May I join you?”
“Certainly.”  I pointed to the chair Ellen had used.  “Would you like some coffee?”
“Sure.”  Ellen brought a cup over, and Sandra and I sat across from each other. 
“Sandra, I apologize for the lecture upstairs.  I probably should be letting a broker handle all this.”
“It must be interesting living here.”  She is looking at me, and not really paying any attention to her coffee.
“It was Emil’s house.  I lived here with him while we were married.  Unfortunately, that was only two years.”
“That was before the renovations upstairs?”
“Yes, the company did those rooms after they bought the place from Emil’s daughters.”
“The rooms were nicely done.  Very good workmanship.”
“Yes.”
“But you liked it better before.”
“I liked it better with Emil.”
“I know why you are selling.  There have been rumors for months that the company had a problem.”  She stopped there.  I think she expected me to object.  I didn’t.  “But why Hilton?”
“I sold a resort to Hilton several years ago.  They have done a good job with the place.  Besides, it was a name I knew.”
“We checked the tax rolls.  The castle has an appraised value of sixty million Swiss francs. I need my people to do a thorough review, but I think we will be able to make you an offer by the end of business today.”
“We will have a board meeting in two days.  We can consider your offer then.”
“Jessica?”  I looked up from my coffee.  “It is a beautiful place.  We will treat it with respect.”
“Thank you.”
And that ended our negotiations.  I probably should have brought in a broker, but, well, I didn’t.  Sandra had a few more questions, but we talked about them as she and I helped Ellen carry food upstairs.  Ellen made a great soup, and of course augmented it with bread and cheese.  The Hilton experts seemed to enjoy eating in the dining room.  I spent most of the meal talking about the room.  Aside from a question about plumbing that I couldn’t begin to answer, the conversation was pleasant – and relaxed.  I got the distinct impression no one was in a hurry to get up from the table and leave that room.  I saw lots of phones taking lots of selfies.
It was after two when Willa came for me.  She and I sat together in the library.  The Hilton people scattered to review more places around the castle, and to have their own meetings.  Willa was still not happy with the idea of selling the castle.  I postponed any discussion of that.  Instead, I gave her copies of the emails between Mathieu and the three insiders.  She read them carefully, then went back and read them all again.  
“Reinhold doesn’t surprise me.  He always was an ass.  We will be better off with him gone.  Alford?  Just greedy and stupid.  How dumb do you have to be to trust Mathieu?  But Karl Gruber?  A Gruber doing this?”
“Mathieu is a Gruber.”
“He’s from the dimwit side of the family.  How he thought he could marry a twenty five year old and have it turn out well…”
“I have money to buy the three of them out.”
“Why would we buy them out?  They should be in jail.”
“This is a family business.  Isn’t that what you said?  Isn’t that what all this is about?  How would the family react?  What might this do to the family?”
“So we let them off?”  Willa is one feisty old lady.  I had this vision of her chasing these men down the hallways of our headquarters.  It would have been fun to watch.
“I suggest this – we make them resign from the company.  No severance.  We make them sell their shares back to the company – at the current share price, the price they have forced down.  Let them take some of their own medicine.  They clean out their desks, and tell the world they have decided on early retirement.”
“And if they object?”
“If they object, we take these emails to the board and to our corporate attorneys.  This is financial fraud, and they face jail time.”
“When do we do this?”
“Tomorrow afternoon.  You, me, and Kurt.  We call them in one at a time.  They leave with a check in their hands, or with security walking them to their car.”
“Their shares will cost us millions of francs.”
“Money well spent.”
We had lots more to say to each other.  I told her about my marriage, and about the juice distributorship I was negotiating in Dubai, and about the six percent of the company I had sold to the Bank of Muscat.  She wasn’t keen on the bank deal, but didn’t object.  It was the castle sale that she just couldn’t accept.  We were still going around about that at six when Sandra knocked at our door.  She was there with her assistant.
I introduced Willa, and we arranged four chairs in a rough circle.  I knew Willa would object to any offer they made, and I have to admit, part of me agreed with her.  I felt like I was selling Emil’s house.  But.  We really needed to improve the cash position of the company.  I stiffened my back, put my hands in my lap, and looked straight at Sandra.  I was thinking, let’s get this over with.
She seemed to be in no hurry.  She had a manila folder and opened it to several work sheets.  There were check boxes and comment lists.  I couldn’t read them upside down, but they created the impression that a great deal of thought had gone into whatever number she was going to present.  She summarized each sheet, but she did it in an interesting way.  I expected her to present a list of problems – if we buy this really old place we will have to do X & Y, and it will cost a really big number.  And she did point out some problems.  We already knew about the north turret.  She also pointed out some wiring deficiencies.  
But, most of her comments were almost lyrical.  They had found ancient carvings on one of the columns in the basement.  They were certain the beams over the Great Hall were from oaks that had long vanished from local forests.  Some of the ornamental carvings in the entryway would have been imported from Italy.  They wanted to check on whether they were the work of famous masters from the Renaissance.
Interest negotiating ploy.  Talk up the value of the place you are buying?  Odd approach, but it did help both Willa and me relax.  These folks were showing respect.
Eventually she got to a number.  Seventy six million Swiss francs.  Almost eighty million dollars.  She explained they would rent rooms for a thousand dollars a night – or more.  Even with that room rate plus restaurant, bar, and banquet income, the place would barely break even.  They were buying it to build their brand image.
I kept my mouth shut.  I waited for Willa.  And I waited.  
“The carvings at the entrance were done in Florence.  We are certain of that.  We have never been able to identify the sculptor.  I would be grateful if you could do that.”
“Yes, mam.  We have curators who would do that research.”
“You are making a fair offer.  Our board meets in two days.”  She looked over at me.  I nodded.  "We will recommend they accept your offer.”
We didn’t pop any champagne bottles, but we did shake hands all around.  And there was still work to do.  Sandra asked if her people could come back each day for the next week or so to do additional analysis.  I approved, and invited her and her people to join us for a formal dinner tomorrow.  
Any problems?  Yes.  It was December.  While we had been holed up in the library, the evening’s Christmas group - the local Rotary Club – had set up dinner in the Great Hall.  Nice folks, but I had to explain to Sandra about our tradition of letting civic groups use the Great Hall for Christmas parties.  The obvious question was – would the Hilton?  And what about tours by the local historical society?  We shook hands with some of the Rotarians as we passed through.  Sandra said the Hilton always supported the local community.  I wondered how far “support” would extend.
Sandra and her people left.  Willa stayed with me at the door just long enough to hug me, congratulate me on my wedding, and to thank me for all the work I had done.  Nice.  But it was nicer when she left.  I was exhausted.  What time zone was I in?  I went down to the kitchen, made myself a sandwich, and then went straight to bed.



Chapter 29
 Firing the Bad Guys

Ellen woke me up.  She sat on the side of my bed, something she had never done before.  My first thought was, okay, big sis, what’s the problem?  Fortunately with Ellen, I didn’t need to hem and haw around.  
“Johann is downstairs with Sandra from Hilton.”
“I was hoping to talk with him first.”
“Too late.”
“How angry is he?”
“He seems to like what she is saying.”
“And…”  I knew there was more.
“I talked to her too.”  I gave that some thought.  There were two ways this could go.  She stayed with the castle, or she stayed with me.  The way she was sitting and looking at me, I knew which way the wind was blowing.
“Can I match her offer?”
“Jess, I love working for you, but I looked up Oman last night.  I don’t know what the rules are, but I think that’s on a totally different continent.  I like Bern.  And I love this castle.  I’ll leave here when they carry me out.”
“Well, be sure to meet with HR.  Collect all your vacation pay and anything else you have coming.  You certainly have earned it all.”
“Thanks.  Now, about today…”
“I’ll be down for breakfast in a while.  I don’t know what community group is in the Great Hall tonight.  I invited Sandra and her people to a formal dinner.  I guess she can tell you how many of her people will still be around.  I thought I would ask Willa, Kurt, and Charlotte to join us.  Okay?”
“No problem.  All Sandra’s people are staying.  They love it here.  So dinner for fourteen.  The charity tonight is some theater society.  They will be putting in a small stage this afternoon.”
“Are you sure you wouldn’t rather work for me?”
“Thanks, Jess.  No.”  She patted my hand and left.
I took my time getting out of bed.  I was going to have three confrontations after lunch.  I wanted to be well rested for them.  And I wanted to be prepared.  I rehearsed my comments while in the shower, while doing my hair and makeup, and while standing in my closet picking a dress.  Now if they just said what I expected them to say, this would go well.
I had a large breakfast, not so much because I was hungry, but because I liked sitting in the kitchen with Ellen.  And I think she liked having me there.  She fed me eggs first, but then decided I needed oatmeal.  And then more toast, and why not another cup of coffee.  It was almost eleven, and I was almost bursting before I finally climbed back up those stairs.
One piece of stage-craft.  I decided to wear an abaya and hijab over my castle dress.  I wanted the folks at the office to have something to talk about, and I wanted those three men to walk into my office and be surprised.  They were counting on money from Oman.  What might it mean that the woman they were talking to was dressed this way?  One more thing for them to ponder as they faced the three of us.
Willa came to get me at noon.  She would drive me into the office.  Word of advice.  If a lady has shrunk down so small she can barely see over the steering wheel, take your own car.  We also spent forty five minutes on a twenty minute drive, and made no friends along the way.  But we did get there, and we did prepare our talks as she drove.  We were ready.
Kurt was waiting for us.  He was still the nominal CEO, and we would use his office.  I was wearing my abaya and hijab.  He was surprised by the way I was dressed.  I was surprised by how I felt about him.  And, yes, as I looked at him, I did look at those arms that had held me.  And I did feel them around my shoulders again.  And?  And that was pretty much it.  Did I reminisce about our night together at the castle?  No.  I was over him.  We said “hello” to each other and took our seats.
We set up the room so there were three of us behind Kurt’s desk, and one seat on the other side.  We each had a copy of the emails in front of us, and I had a stack of documents we wanted each of these clowns to sign.  What I found interesting as we waited for the first appointment was that Willa and Kurt were far angrier than me.  Kurt was still hesitant to buy these guys out.  He wanted the corporate attorneys in the room.  He wanted cops just outside.  He wanted to hang these guys.  I put some of that off to the embarrassment.  These guys had helped rob the company, and he had not caught them – Willa had.  But in his defense – and Willa’s – I think they both felt betrayed.  These men were family.  As Emil’s wife I had been a member of this family for two years.  The traitors had been part of this family all their lives.  Willa and Kurt had been to family gatherings with these men – Christmas parties, birthdays, christenings, weddings.  To Kurt and Willa, this was personal.
I made my points one more time – fire them, buy their shares, send them on their way with a story that hides their shame.  It would do less damage to the company, and to the family.  Both Willa and Kurt nodded, not willing to put their reluctant agreement into words.  But it was obvious to me, if these three morons said the wrong thing, Kurt and Willa would collapse on them like a landslide.
The first guy, Reinhold, arrived for his appointment at one.  Kurt’s assistant had orders to make him wait.  He had been told Kurt wanted to see him.  Nothing more.  Let him sit out there and sweat.  While he waited, we called down to our finance office.  We wanted a stock price.  In normal times, we might only get one or two sales a month, after all, this was a just a matter of one family member selling to another.  686 shareholders don’t generate a big volume of trades.  Of course now, largely because of rumors being pushed by our three traitors, there were trades almost every hour.  Our market cap, which had reached a billion dollars at its peak, was down to less than seven hundred million, and falling.  Shares were cheap and getting cheaper.  Reinhold owned just over one percent of the company.  A month ago those shares were worth just over ten million dollars.  That afternoon his shares were worth about six and a half million, down almost a hundred thousand dollars since morning.  The traitors wanted share prices down.  They were getting what they wanted.  
Kurt asked the finance office to bring up a check for just over six million.  We waited.  The check came up ten minutes later.  I placed it in front of me, and we let Reinhold in.
First reaction?  Shock.  He had expected to see Kurt.  What he saw was three of us, and I was wearing an abaya.  He had lots of things to process.  He stood in the middle of the room, looking at Kurt, and then at Willa and me.  It had been agreed I would be running this show, so I did.  I pointed to the chair, and asked him to sit.
“Mr. Reinhold, you have been very busy the last three months, and especially the last two weeks.  I see by your email traffic (I held up a stack of papers), you have been particularly busy with Mathieu Gruber, and Abdullah Al Harthi of the Bank of Muscat. You may want to congratulate me, by the way, Mr. al Harthi and I were recently married.”  I paused, not because I expected him to congratulate me, but because I wanted the last point to sink in.
“I think I should tell you about one thing that will not happen, and one thing that might.  First, the million rial loan you were expecting from my husband’s bank?  The one you were going to use after you drove stock prices down even farther?  I am afraid the loan has been denied.  As for what might happen, I guess that is up to you.  We will be having a board meeting tomorrow.  These emails might become part of the agenda.  You make some interesting comments about your relatives.  You seem to be most satisfied with your clever comments about Charles Gruber, a man you say will ‘listen to any bullshit you tell him, and can easily be talked into selling his shares for less than half the current price.’  I think you probably won’t be invited to his Christmas party this year.”
“But, you slimy bastard, you do have one choice left.  As we sit here, our IT staff is backing up all your files, and changing all your passwords.  Custodians have put all your personal belongings in a cardboard box, and put the box on the trunk of your car.  You are terminated.  There will be no severance package.  But here’s your choice.  The company is willing to buy out your shares.  The current price – the price you helped drive down – puts their value at 6,259,000 Swiss francs.  I have a check for that amount.”  I held it up.  “There are papers in front of you.  If you sign all of them, you get this check, and these emails get locked away in a file.  You can tell people you decided you wanted an early retirement to spend more time with your family.  Or whatever other bullshit you choose.  You can still pretend you are a good member of this family and this community.  Or, you refuse to sign, and security walks you to your car, and our attorneys meet with Bern prosecutors.  You have thirty second to make your decision.”
“Kurt?”  Reinhold had to be sixty.  He was wearing a thousand dollar suit, and had just come from a corner office.  But right now, he looked like a little boy. 
“Do me a favor.”  Kurt was a big man, and suddenly he looked bigger.  “Don’t sign.  I want to see your greedy ass in jail.  This is Switzerland you bastard.  You break finance laws here, you are going to jail for a long time.  And you belong there.”
Reinhold signed.  I made him reach across the desk for his check.  But Kurt wasn’t done.
“You will never speak to me again.  If we are at a party and I walk into a room, you will leave.  You were trying to steal from your own family.  Don’t expect forgiveness.  Ever.”
I got the final word.  “Make up a good story.  But if you ever try something like this again, or start lying about us, remember there is no statute of limitations for financial crime in Switzerland.  We will pull these emails from our files, and we will prosecute.  Now get out.”
We had it timed so the second guy, Alford, was in the waiting area.  He saw Reinhold come out.  We wanted him to see.  We didn’t even mind if they talked.  We expected things to go much faster for Alford, and they did.  I was supposed to do the second presentation, but Kurt lost it the minute Alford walked into the room.
“You greedy bastard.  You are going to push share prices down so you can buy up Carla Gruber’s shares for half price?  She’s your cousin.  She’s a widow.  Do you have no shame at all?  Sit your ass down and sign those papers.  You are terminated.  No severance.  You will sell the company all your shares at the current share price, and you will go away.  You can thank Mrs. Al Harthi for that.  I would rather the whole family saw your thieving emails.  I would rather see you in jail.  She says we buy you out, keep your secret, and send you on your way.  She wants to keep piece in the family.  So.  Sign the papers, take your check, and get the hell out.  Your office has already been cleaned.  Everything personal is in a box on the trunk of your car.”
Alford’s buyout cost us over five million francs.  He signed.  I gave him his check.  He left.
Karl Gruber’s termination was the last, and the worst.  He cried.  Willa shamed him.
“You are my grand nephew.  Your great grandfather built this company.  And you would steal shares.  Why?  For another million francs?  You already own shares worth twelve million francs.  This is your family.  These are your friends.  Your children play with their children, and you would steal from them?  What is wrong with you?”
It was up to me to show him the check and explain the deal.  The guy was still in his thirties, so he wouldn’t be telling people he had chosen early retirement.  But his story was his business.  I reminded him we had his emails in our vault.  If he did or said anything stupid, we would prosecute.  He wiped his eyes, took his check, and examined the carpet as he left.  Kurt didn’t have to worry about seeing him at a Christmas party.  He had offended Willa.  He wouldn’t be showing his face in public for a long time.
The Bank of Muscat had wired us twenty five million dollars.  We had gone through almost every penny.  But.  We had cleared the company of some serious rot.  We still had Mathieu and Saanvi to deal with, but somehow they seemed like external rot – easier to deal with in some way.  But not cheaper.  Mathieu and Saanvi had shares worth over thirty million, even at current depressed prices.  They would be a challenge.  But a challenge for another day.
We sat and talked for another hour.  Basically just decompressing.  We would be meeting at the castle at seven.  I think Willa now saw the reasons for the castle sale.  You write checks for twenty five million dollars, and your thinking changes.
When our conversation wound down, I mentioned getting a cab.  Kurt called his driver.  Tomorrow, after the board meeting, he would be my driver.  My car?  A huge BWM.  I remembered once telling Elias only assholes and tourists drive Beemers.  Apparently CEOs did too.  It was a very comfortable ride.



Chapter 30
 Our Hilton Night

Back at the castle, I went straight up to my room.  The ground level was full of people – a tour group, the Hilton appraisers, and the theater group bringing in boards for a stage.  Not quite chaos, but pretty busy.  I walked past it all and climbed my stairs.  I figured I had maybe two hours before I had to get ready for dinner, and I wanted to rest.  Yes, the afternoon meetings had all gone well.  But confrontations are not easy for me.  I was exhausted.  I carefully set the alarm on my phone, and climbed into my bed.
Did two hours of rest help?  Yes.  Mostly, I stopped thinking back at the afternoon, and starting thinking forward to the evening.  This was supposed to be a pleasant evening, but I did want Willa and Kurt to leave the dinner more ready to support the sale of the castle to Hilton.  So, it was a work evening for me.
First decision?  No abaya or hijab.  I would dress Swiss.  I would keep the focus on the castle, not on my recent marriage.  I spent more time on my makeup than I had in weeks, and I made an attempt to do something with my hair (not that it did much good).  My gown?  I went with a ball gown.  Off the shoulder, skirts fluffed out with petticoats.  Cotton, with an ivory print.  I thought I looked pretty good.  It would just be a meal, no dancing, but I looked like I was ready for a ball.  A good look for a castle, I thought.
We had said cocktails at seven, dinner at eight.  I was hostess, so I went down early.  I found the Great Hall and entryway were already crowded.  Interesting group.  There were men in tuxes, men in suits, and men wearing sweatshirts that had to cost hundreds.  Women?  Even more varied.  Theater people.  I knew a few of them, and a few knew me.  Several had even seen me for those few seconds in that Oregon film. They wanted to hug and talk.  It took me fifteen minutes to make it through to the dining room.
I hadn’t been missed.  Kurt, Charlotte, and Willa were all entertaining small groups gathered near two portable bars.  The Hilton people were at a disadvantage since they hadn’t expected a fancy dinner, but the men had decent suits, and the women wore dresses probably better at an office, but still nice enough.  Kurt wore a good suit, Willa had a nice dark dress, and Charlotte, well, then there was Charlotte.  When I had first seen her, the morning she came to reclaim Kurt from me, she was wearing a yellow satin number that looked like it had been painted on.
Tonight she was in red, strapless, floor length, and I am sure the label would say “Sheath cut,” but this dress was even tighter.  It had obviously been tailored for her.  It rode every curve.  There’s an old Hollywood line – “that’s not a dress, it’s an invitation.”  In this case, they might say, “that’s not a dress, it’s gift wrap.”  Maybe because it was red, and some shiny material, it looked like she might be under some Christmas tree.  She certainly seemed a gift to the group of men standing around her, anxious to hear her every word.
Not that I minded - much. I pushed my skirts past this group or that, and talked to Ellen.  She thought I looked nice.  We spoke about the menu, and then I went looking for some group that might want to talk with me.  Not much initial luck, but I stood near one of the bars, and eventually Sandra came over and we talked about this and that.  Nice to have someone to chat with.
Dinner?  Ellen and the caterers did a great job with the food, but it was the room that got most attention.  The table was set with our best place settings, and lit by candles.  The fireplace and wall sconces added the perfect amount of light.  It was elegant.  It seemed regal.  Ellen brought some of our best wine up from the cellar.  Conversation was light, and pleasant.  But somehow, it seemed a bit humbling to be seated at such a magnificent table.  Conversations seemed a bit hushed.
I was seated at the end of the table nearest the fireplace.  Willa was at the opposite end.  Kurt and Charlotte were mixed in with the Hilton people on each side.  I proposed a toast to our new friends.  Sandra responded with her own toast.  It was nice enough, but frankly stilted.  And then Willa started telling “When I was a Child” stories.  She added a whole new level of energy to the dinner.  
Here’s one:
“When I was a child, we were invited here once a year, for a dinner the kids dreamt of all year long.  Kurt Gruber,” she stopped and looked down at me “Emil’s father, had a special dinner just for kids.  Our parents would be out in the Great Hall, talking and drinking, and just the kids were allowed into the dining room.  Imagine you are eight or nine, and you are allowed to eat here.  Kurt even had boards to put on the seats so we could reach the table.  Still, we are these tiny people at this huge table in this huge room.”
“He always waited until after dark.  Not so late that we were sleepy, but late enough to be completely dark.  He would have a fire in the fireplace, and candles on the table, but nothing else.  So everything behind us, in the corners of the room was dark, and the candles and fireplace put out light that moved.  He sat where Jessica is sitting, so the light was behind him, and every time he moved, some places in the room got light, and some went into shadow.  
“We would have some food on our plates, and apple juice in wine glasses, so it felt elegant, and of course we were all wearing our best clothes.  But he didn’t just want a fancy dinner for kids.  He wanted to tell pirate stories.  And he was a marvel.  He knew just how scared to make us so that we loved the story, but not so scared we went running to our mothers.  That takes talent.”
“What were the pirate stories about?  There was one or two or three ships that came up the river, and the brave knights went down to fight them, and the battle raged for hours.  Heads were cut off, and pirates run through with lances, and brave knights battled three or four pirates at a time.  But the knights always won.  And the knights always took captives.  That was when we knew the story would get scary.  The captives were taken into the dungeon, but somehow they always escaped.  They would find secret passages and wander in them for days making strange noises, and then, as the knight and his children were sitting right here at this table, at this time of day, the pirates from came out from behind that tapestry over there, and oh, what a battle would take place right around this table.”
“And the children always helped.  Brave children.  They took axes and lances and fought the pirates going round and round this table.  That lance up there – he would point at a lance on the wall – a young boy held it as tight as he possible could, and killed the pirate king.  That axe up there – and he would point to an axe on the wall, two girls swung it together and chopped off the leg of a pirate.  He has a wooden leg to this day.’
“Of course we were laughing and cheering, but we were also looking really hard at that tapestry.  Would anyone come out from behind it that day?  That man was the best story teller ever.”
“We have talked with Johann of the historical society.”  Sandra replied.  “He is going to write up some historical notes for us, but we were also thinking of having him give a lecture or tours once or twice a week.”
“Johann is a good man.  But he will tell the truth.  Talk to his sister.  She will tell you stories.  Stories are better.”  And then Willa was off on another one.  Something about another pirate band.  Not that it mattered.  What mattered is we all sat back, enjoyed our wine (I was a good Muslim lady and drank water), finished the food on our plates, and relaxed.  The dining room went from being formal and regal, to being a comfortable place to sit and enjoy a good story.  Willa was certainly helping sell the castle to the Hilton people.  I wondered if she was also selling the concept to herself.
By ten, she had pretty well talked herself out, and the Hilton people headed to the door.  I got up to walk with them, but Charlotte stopped me.  She stood in my path and put a hand on my arm.  Most people were already out of the room, following Willa and walking through the theater people.  Kurt hesitated by the door, but Charlotte motioned for him to go.
“Give me a minute with Jessica.”  He left, as did the last of the Hilton people.  It was just Charlotte and me.  And I was confused.  Was this where she roughed me up for sleeping with her fiancé?  Charlotte had a couple inches on me, and was ten years younger.  She also had the flattest stomach I had ever seen on a woman.  I assumed whatever aerobics she did, she did with real dedication.  But I was trailer trash and had been in a few fights.  I thought I could hold my own.
“I want to thank you for today.”  Now I was more confused.  This was the first time the two of us had been alone together.  I assumed the first words from her would be “keep your hands off my man.”  I just stood looking at that gift wrapped body, wondering what was going on.  She kept her hand on my arm, but raised the other hand to my face.  I was tempted to duck.  But she just picked a lock of hair near my forehead, and pushed it back into my hair.  The move also brought her closer to me.  It was a move I recognized.  Step one for any intimate encounter.  Touch the hair, keep the hand in the hair, move closer.
“I was very pleased that you involved Kurt this afternoon.  It meant a lot to him.”  Her face is maybe an inch from mine, and the hand in my hair is now sliding to the back of my head.  I know what comes next.  She kissed me.  The hand on my arm moved around my shoulders, and the hand at the back of my head leaned my head back.  I think there have been longer kisses, but not many.  She held me, she kissed me.  My hands.  Well, they might have pushed her away, but my hands are pretty much free to act on their own.  They started by resting on her hips, but as the kiss went on, my hands slid back onto her ass and pulled her tight to me. Like I said, my hands are independent agents.
“I think he was afraid you might blame some of this on him.”  Another sentence, another kiss.  She kissed well, and she had really good hands.  My hands also thought she had a really good ass.  As for blame – damn right I blamed him.  The guy had watched sixty or eighty million dollars get stolen right under his nose.  But now was not the time to mention that.
“Tomorrow, at the board meeting, after you are CEO, do you have plans for him?”  Her mouth was back on mine, so my answer had to wait.  No rush.  That hand back in my hair knew just what to do.  I have had my hair stroked by experts.  At least I thought they were experts.  I was now upgrading my standards.
“You don’t have to worry about Kurt.  He is the best salesman in Europe.  He gets a title and a seat on the board, and a salary that will please you.”
“Thank you.”  I assumed this would bring things to an end, but she seemed to be in no hurry.  I certainly wasn’t.  Whatever the material of her gown was, my hand seemed to like sliding up and down her back.  Whether I slid up, or I slid down, my hand also seemed to pull her tighter against me.
“You and I should get together some time.”  Her face is an inch from mine.  She has nice eyes.  “We have a place near Zurich.  It has a hot tub.  Marvelous in the winter.  The air is so cold, the water so warm.  You slide down into it, and sit tight against your partner.”
“Yes.”  I was thinking about doing more than sitting.
“We could do a girl’s weekend some time when Kurt is traveling.  I think you would like it.”  I was sure I would like it, but I wondered how we got from fighting over Kurt to sliding into a hot tub together.  
“Yes, I think that would be fun.”  I know, not the right thing to say, but she had really good hands.  And my answer got me another really long kiss.  When she came up for air, she slid her face alongside mine and whispered in my ear.
“You have a friend waiting for you in the library.”  She gave me a big smile, and another kiss, and then she gradually straightened.  I guessed we were done for the night.  Too bad.  My hands were the last to get the message, but they gradually slid off her ass and settled back at my side.
“Thank you for joining us for dinner.”
“You are welcome.”  Formalities complete, she turned and walked out the door.  If I was confused when she had first stopped me, I was far more confused now.  I was also far warmer.  I picked a napkin off the table and wiped my mouth.  She really knew how to kiss.



Chapter 31
 Dancing with the Dragon

Next stop, the library.  But it wasn’t easy to get there.  I needed to pass through one end of the Great Hall.  Theater people are huggers.  And apparently they had an open bar.  Maybe several.  I was hugged by very happy people.  Eventually I got to the hallway I wanted.  And in the library I found…
Saanvi.
I froze in the doorway.  She was seated in the loveseat by the fireplace.  She was half turned toward the door, her arm resting on the top of the seat, looking as comfortable as if she lived there and sat in that seat daily.
“Close the door, Jess.  Those people are really noisy.”
“You should leave.”
“I will.  But first we should talk.  Say the right things, and you get thirty five million dollars in company stock.  Now close the door and come sit with me.”
If I was confused by Charlotte, I was baffled by Saanvi.  Speaking of which, what was the link between them?  I think I closed the door more out of curiosity than anything else.  And yes, I locked it.  Saanvi patted the cushion next to her, and I sat.  I made the mistake of trying to organize my skirts.  She used that time to roll over onto me, one knee on each side of me, her chest against my chest, her knees on my forearms.  The smile on her face said it all – fool, I got you again.  And she had.
“Off the shoulder.  Not a very common look for Muslim wives, but I like it.”  She pushed my dress farther down my arms – and farther down my chest.
“While you’re playing with my dress, tell me something.  You and Charlotte.  Did I fire the right people this afternoon?”
“You did just fine.  They are complete losers.  We used them.  Now we don’t need them.  With any luck they’ll take up skiing and find themselves an avalanche.”
“And you?  You understand your bank loan won’t be coming.”
“I like it that you worry about me.”  Having finished playing with my dress, she now had her hands in my hair.  She pushed my head back onto the top of the loveseat and held it there.  She positioned her head just above mine.  Close enough to watch me.  Close enough to kiss me – if and when she wanted.  I assumed she would make me wait.
“Tomorrow I will be formally elected CEO.”
“I am sure you will be very proud.  And I want to help.  On that desk over there is my proxy.  I have signed it over to you.  You get to vote all my shares and all Mathieu’s.  I still have all Elias’ shares.  About three percent of the company.  Mathieu was less useful to me, but he has about half a percent.  All yours.”
“I assume you want something.”
“I want a night in the castle with you.  The night we talked about.  Just you and me together.  I want you to know what you would have had as my wife here.”
“You mean your prisoner.  I stayed and did your bidding, or you fired my friends.”
“Let’s compromise and call you my guest.  My eager guest who awaits my return, loves my flowers, loves my touch, loves my bed.”
“Flowers?”
“On the desk, next to my proxy forms.”
I looked over.  They were roses, white, and beautiful.
“Saanvi, tell me what you really want.”
“Does it matter?  I bring you roses and the votes you need to take over this company.  All I want is the chance to be with you.  You dance with me.  You sleep with me.  You have done both before, and you know you like it.  This may be your last night in the castle.  Make it memorable.”  
I don’t have to tell you what her hands were doing.  And her kisses.  She kept me too busy to say “no.”  And too busy to want to say “no.”  I never said “yes,” but that is just a technicality.  She was right.  I had danced with her before, and slept with her before, and I wanted to do it again.
We were in the library for another couple hours while the theater group packed up and left.  We were in no hurry.  There is a thick carpet in the library and we moved to that.  It was soft on my back.  She was soft on my chest.  She waited until I was the hottest, and then she did that thing with her hair, dropping it down the sides of her head, and over the sides of mine.  Her “love tunnel.”  She blocked out all but her face.  She had my complete attention.  And she had me repeat what I always say.
“Saanvi, I love you, and I want you.”  Then I added, “Stop being such a bitch, so I really can love you.  We should have spent the last half dozen years together.  We could have been lovers for life.”
“You had your chance when I had Elias’ baby.  I needed you.”
“You wanted a maid.”
“You can be a waitress, and a bartender, but not my maid?”
“Not if I am also your partner.  Your lover.  Your wife.”
“You told me what Christians say – as my wife you will obey, you will submit.”
“Some Christian wives say that.  Not all.”
“I only needed one to say it.”
“I might have been that one.  Some years ago.  Not now.”
“You will obey me tonight.”
“I will love you tonight.  But this will be our last time together.”
She smiled in response.  Confident, assured, she looked down at me.  No need to argue with me.  Whatever she had planned, she was certain it would happen.  I looked up into that flawless face, wondering.  I held her to me.  I enjoyed her kisses.  I loved her touch.  I wondered what came next.
We were still on the floor a long time after the castle got quiet.  We talked a little about our time in Dubai, and her visits to Amberg.  But mostly we just played with each other’s hair, kissed, and held each other.
When we finally left the library I found Saanvi had come prepared.  She had an iPod in her bag and hooked it to the sound system in the Great Hall.  We kept the volume low, and the lights lower, and the two of us danced.  Saanvi had arrived also wearing a ball gown, huge and flouncy, and low cut.  When we waltzed, we threw skirts out on every direction.  And we waltzed a lot.  But she had a mixed collection.  It must have taken her hours to create it.  We would turn and circle fast for a dance or two, but then she would have something slow, something where we held each other tight, just rocking from side to side with our arms wrapped around each other.  And she had some goofy stuff in there too.  Right after a classic waltz, she had “YMCA.”  We did all those silly moves, both of us laughing so hard we almost fell.  Then it was back to a slow ballad in each other’s arms.
We were on our private dance floor for two hours, pausing to hold each other and kiss, then back to yet another dance leaving us breathless – and happy.
“Every night, Jess.  I wanted this every night.”
“I would have liked that.  But I think I would have been exhausted.”
“That’s the whole point, Jess.  I get you exhausted, and then we go upstairs.”
“Maybe now’s the time.”
She smiled, took my hand, and we climbed the stairs.
Up in my room, you might have thought we’d rip off all our clothes and jump into bed, but we didn’t.  We stood in the dark, maybe a foot apart, looking at each other, and then touching each other.  I loved her hair, and had my hand in it.  She put a hand on my cheek.  We smiled, told each other of our love, and slowly took the other’s clothes off.  We took our time, and stopped often to kiss, or just to look and smile.  I was wearing a corset.  She had me keep that on.  Everything else came off, and then we stood by my dresser, looking into a drawer full of night gowns.  She picked something long and red.  I picked long and white.  Both were silk and low across our chests.  I pulled hers on to her, she pulled mine onto me.  Then we moved to my bed.
She pushed me face down on the bed and sat on my ass.  I half expected it, and knew what would come next.  She pulled my arms up behind me, my hands up by my shoulder blades.  I chose not to fight her.  She bound my wrists with the laces at the top of my corset.  She would have control.  Fine.  With control, maybe, finally, I would hear her plan.
She rolled me over, pulled a duvet over us, and took her favorite position.  Her knees between mine, she forced my legs apart, and held them in place, her thighs pressing on mine.  She rested her hips and chest on me, and then did that thing with her hair.  My bedroom was already dark, but no matter.  She spread her hair on both sides of our heads, creating her tunnel, blocking out the rest of the world.  Her face an inch above mine, she snaked her long, elegant fingers into my hair, making a fist and holding my head motionless.  Her other hand slid over my throat, her thumb stroking my neck, and slowly tightening.  
Complete control.  And patience.  She wanted me hot, wet, and moaning before she told me why she was in my castle.  In my bed.  She used her thighs, and her hands, and her kisses.  I gasped, and moaned, and kissed her when she let me, but of course, the whole point of binding me was to force me to wait until she wanted a kiss.  Her fingers closed my throat when she chose, her face hovered over mine as she watched me in the darkness.  And she made me wait.  And she made me say it. 
“I love you Saanvi.”
“Jess, we could have done this every night for the rest of our lives.  You should have let me take the company.”
“You would have bankrupted the company inside five years.”
“Three.”  The room was dark, her face was shaded by her hair, but I knew if I could see her, I would see triumph in her face.
“Why?”
“Why what?”
“Why do you hate this company?  It was Elias’.  It belongs to Mathieu too.  These people could be your family.”
“You’ve never understood me, Jess.”
“No.  I haven’t.  I think we have been good to you.  You took Elias from me, but I still love you.  The rest of the family has been good to you.”
“Jessica, you are so wrong.”  Her fingers tightened around my neck.  She waited until I struggled for breath. Then loosened her hand and lowered her face until her eyes nearly touched mine.  “I didn’t take Elias from you.  You took him from me.  I was pregnant with his child, but still he went chasing after you.”
“I just wanted to talk to him.  To explain what happened.”
“You still loved him.  Even though you had married Ibrahim.”
“I…”  I wasn’t sure how to finish that sentence.
“You what?  You would not have gone with him?  You would have, Jess.  He was waiting for you that day in Dubai.  Waiting.  Standing by his car, the door open.  He had brought in the company plane.  If not for Ibrahim taking your arm, you would have gotten into his car, and into his plane.  And I would have been left with his baby.  An abandoned woman.  One more brown woman with a white man’s baby.  Left behind.”  She stopped and let me see her face, see the tears in her eyes.  She wanted me to feel her pain, and her fear, and her loss.
“He never loved me like he loved you, Jess.  You didn’t see him when he was searching for you.  He was half crazy.  With love for you.  And me?  I was just the woman who happened to be close.  It took me forever to get into his bed.  He wanted you.  The woman he loved.  The woman I loved.”
She let that final sentence settle.  I heard it in the dark.  With her holding me.  My turn.  To say what?
“Saanvi, we both loved the same man.  But that man is dead.  So is Ibrahim.  We are remarried.  Years have passed.  Our lives have changed.  But we still love each other.  You do terrible things, but still, I love you.  I had never held a woman before you.  But I saw you, and I wanted you.  I couldn’t keep my hands off you.  I wanted you then, and I want you now.”
“You may be the one person in the world I love, but you owe me, Jessica.  You hurt me.  The family hurt me.  You should have seen them when I got to Bern with Elias’ baby – the brown girl with the half-brown baby.  Elias’ maid.  I had his money and his shares and his baby, but they barely tolerated me.  I was alone.  I was shunned.  It would have made such a difference if you had come with me.  A friend.  A lover.”
“You wanted me to be your maid.”
“So what? I had been your maid.  You had been Elias’ maid.  You had been a waitress and a bartender.  Would it have been so terrible for you to serve me and my baby?”
“You should have asked me to be your wife.”
“I needed a husband.  A Gruber male.  The only way I would be respectable.  The only way I would succeed.  And they found me a new husband fast enough.  Mathieu.  Fat, drunk Mathieu.  Good enough for the brown girl with the baby.”
“You picked him.”
“Yes, and I’ll get the last laugh.  He already has chest pains.”
“Saanvi, let it go.  You got your revenge.  You turned the family against itself.  They will forever be wondering what other family members were part of your plot.  You cost them millions of dollars.  You cost them Gruber castle.  You got your revenge.  Find yourself someone to love.  Go someplace warm.  Someplace where people smile.”
“I have some place warm.  And I will take you there.  Not tonight, but soon enough.”  Her eyes were huge and black.  I could feel her thumbs tighten.
“I will stay with my husband.  And I will protect my family.  The one here in Bern, and the one in Wisconsin.”  It wasn’t easy to finish the last sentence as her fingers closed my throat.
“Tell me you love me.”  Her thumb loosened just enough for me to say the words.
“Saanvi, I will always love you.”
“Do you still have that caravan in the woods?”
“It’s bigger now.”
“You have a bigger caravan.  Jess, do you have any idea how dumb that sounds.  You have millions, and you just add rooms to an old caravan.”
“It’s my home.”
“I have a new home for you.  A tower in Mumbai.  All readied for you.  You will live up there, and wait for me.  When I visit, I will bring you flowers.  Which flower do you prefer?”
Her fingers closed my throat completely.  I was not to argue.  I was to answer.
“Carnations.”
“Good choice.”  She smiled her approval.  “Roses wilt so quickly.  Carnations last.  You can enjoy them while waiting for my return.  What color should I bring you?”
“White.”
“Yes.  You are in so many ways still a virgin.  And what gown will you wear as you prepare for me.”
“A waltz gown so we can dance.  Also white.  Off the shoulder – as you like.”  And her magic worked.  As I spoke, I could see myself in a white gown waiting in my tower room.
“You will take my carnations and carefully arrange them in a glass vase, your back to me, knowing I am watching your every movement.  Turning to look over your shoulder, the coquette, watching me watch you.  Wanting me to want you.”
I could see my hands manipulating the stems of the carnations, feel the elastic of the gown across my chest.
“I will take you to your tower soon, Jess.  You have earned it.  You have served me as I wished.  You warm Abdullah’s bed as I directed.  You have cleared fools from my company.  You gave Mathieu chest pains when he saw his friends brought low.  Two years maybe three.  I have other services you will perform.  Then we will be together.  You will have your tower and your flowers.  You can sit by the windows and watch for my return.”
“Saanvi, I love you, but I will fight you.”
“You will serve me.  You love me.  And you owe me.”
“I will help you.  I will find a place for you.”
“I have a place for me.  And a place for you.”
Saanvi kissed me, and closed my throat.  Our conversation was over.  She played a bit with my night gown, and pressed me with her thigh.  Her fingers stayed around my neck, a threat if I chose to question her.  She had told me what she had come to tell me.  She would please me, and please herself.  There would be no more words.
It was about dawn when she was done with me.  I was exhausted.  She was triumphant.  Time for her to leave me.  She stood close as she dressed.  I was to watch.  The moves of a ballerina.  The beauty of… well there was no beauty like hers.  It was an amazing show.  She took her time, then finally came to me.  Her final words.
She sat on the edge my bed, her skirts mounded about her.  She leaned over me, her hand along my face, her thumb making slow circles on my cheek.  Her hair.  Yes, she did that again, her head lowered so her long black hair flowed over both our faces.  It was dark in her love tunnel, but somehow I could still see her eyes.  They were very big and very dark.  I could feel her breath on my face and her other hand close around my throat.
“I have forgiven much of what you tried to do to me.  But I have not forgiven all.  When I come for you, you will go with me, and you will be my maid.  You will cook, you will clean, you will help with my children.  You will serve me.  Nights, when I visit your tower, you will please me.  You will wear satin.  Off the shoulder.  The neckline will be low and your corset will push your breasts just to the edge of the gown.  Like this.”  
She pulled my straps over my shoulders and pulled my gown well down on my breasts.  
“You will beg me to dance with you.  You will beg me to stay with you.  And some nights, if you are very good, I will.  You owe me that, and you will pay it.  You will always be my maid.  You owe me a lifetime of service.”  
Her fingers tightened around my throat.  My chest heaved and my eyes bulged.  She saw my pain and fear.  And she enjoyed it.  Then she was done.  She strode to the door and studied me.  I guess she was taking a mental picture.  Of what – the woman she had enjoyed that night?  The woman she still hated?  The woman she loved?  The woman she felt she had conquered?  I just lay there and watched.  I guess I was hoping for a final smile.  Or kiss.  I got neither.  At some point she just stopped looking at me, and left.
My wrists were still tied across my back.  I stared at the bedroom door for a while, wondering if she might come back.  I thought about that day in Dubai.  She was right about what had happened.  I had stepped out of my food factory.  A short break.  A coffee from a place up the street.  Elias was waiting for me.  His car door was open.  I stood and looked.  Elias.  Yes, I wanted him.  He had married Saanvi.  I had married Ibrahim.  But I wanted him.  In another second I would have burst into a run and jumped into his car.  But Ibrahim was also waiting.  He took three steps to me and took my hand.  He did not squeeze my hand.  He held it.  And he looked at me.  He waited until I turned to face him.  He said nothing.  His hand said everything.  He would not restrain me.  Saanvi was wrong about that.  I could have pulled my hand free.  But I felt his warmth, and saw his eyes, and I walked with him to his car.  And I remained his wife.
Saanvi didn’t understand that.  Saanvi wouldn’t believe that.  She believed her pain.  And her fear.  So she plotted.  I would feel her pain.  The family would feel her pain.  We would pay.  And I?  I wondered if I would end up her maid.  Her tower captive.  She was smarter than me.  So much smarter.  I lay in my bed, bound by her hand.  I could still feel those hands on my neck, on my breasts, and on my cheek.  
I stared at the door for a while, but I was exhausted.  I lay still, my hands bound, my chest bare.  I slept.  


Chapter 32
 The Board Meeting

Ellen untied me when she came to wake me.  Rolled me over and undid the knots.  Big Sis didn’t ask.  She just untied me and told me Klaus was waiting for me downstairs.  I asked her to give me five minutes, and then send him up.
Kick me.  Just kick me, I screamed at myself as I ran around my room.  I had no excuse for last night.  I could not explain it to anyone else, or to myself.  I might justify the time in the library since I got her shares and got her and Mathieu out of the company.  But the dancing?  For two hours I danced with the dragon.  And I liked it.  I liked it a lot.  That’s not how quests are supposed to go.  So kick me.  I am a complete moron.
And kick me for how I treated Klaus.  As I raced around, washing my face, running a comb through my hair, and pulling on a robe, I wondered what I could possibly say to the man.  Yes, I promised to marry you, but the minute I saw another guy…  Shit.  There was no way this was going to be anything other than ugly.
I gave up on my hair and got to my door just as he did.
“Hi.”
“Hi.”  
Yup.  That’s what we said, standing just outside my door, maybe two feet apart, looking at each other.  We might have been school kids meeting after class, except he was a big man wearing a new suit.  Headed for our board meeting later in the day.
“I understand your quest went well.”  Shit.  He was going to be a good guy.  This would have been so much easier if he had been a jerk, and I could have just slammed my door.
“I didn’t kill the dragon.  I’m not sure I even wounded her.  But I did chase her away from the village.  We should be safe in the castle.”
“And during your quest…”  So, now we get to the heart of the conversation.  The other guy.  Klaus was looking straight at me while he asked.  I studied his face.  Anger?  Jealousy?  Sadness?  I think I saw curiosity most of all.  He was confused by what I had done.  I guess I was too.
“He was on the yacht with us.  A banker.  A man who helped me – and the company.”
“Bankers.  The only men more boring than professors.”  Sort of a joke.  He had sort of a smile.  I just stood and looked at him.
“Jess, I have to ask.  Was it his help you wanted, or do you love him?”
“I love him.”
“You aren’t going to believe this, but I understand.”  Shit.  He really was going to be good about this.  “Our last morning together, it felt distant.  And at the airport, I think you had already left me before you left me.”
“I was distracted.”
“You were beautiful.  But you hadn’t dressed for me.”
“No.  I was thinking of someone else.”
“Well,” long pause.  He was going to wrap this up.  “I have some new maps for you.  I will give them to you at the board meeting.”
“Klaus.  Thank you.  I am grateful we had some time together.”
I wondered if he would want a final kiss, but he just nodded, turned, and left.  I watched him take the stairs and push his way through the huge front door.
Next.  I could see Willa sitting on one of the couches in the entry area.  She waited for Klaus to leave, and then climbed the stairs to me.  For a tiny ancient lady, she took the stairs pretty well.  About every third stair she glanced up at me.  She looked like a head mistress ready to give a lecture.  I backed into my room and waited.
“You slept with Saanvi last night.  Here.  I understand you and her and Dubai.  But you did it here.”  She closed the door behind her and stared at me.  I half expected her to tap her foot in impatience.  
“This is known?”
“She waltzed through a room full of theater people, all of whom know her.  They also know you, and saw you join her in the library.”
“We were negotiating.”
“In your bed?”
“And on the dance floor and in the library.”  I looked to see if she was shocked.  Nope.  “We get their resignations and their shares.  We agree not to charge them for embezzlement.”
“So they get away with millions.  How long were you in bed before you decided that was a good deal?”
“If you want to pursue them, then pursue them.  But why do it here in Switzerland?  We can let the Dubai authorities go after them for doctoring those contracts.”
“I want to see the shares.”
“They are in an envelope in the library.  Take them.  Review them.  Let me get dressed.  I will meet you in the kitchen.  We can have breakfast and talk about the board meeting.”
She stood motionless.  I expected more of an argument from her, and I was sure she had plenty more to say.  But finally she just left.
I made her wait over an hour.  I spent a long time in the shower, certainly longer than I needed.  But the water felt good.  I let it run over my shoulders until I felt my neck loosen up.  Hair and makeup?  Pretty standard.  I did what needed to be done.  No more.  My dress was a problem.  Assuming the board meeting went as planned, by late that afternoon I would be CEO.  What did CEOs wear?  I had plenty of office dresses and blazers.  Your basic professional look.  No.  I went with my navy blue castle dress.  They were used to seeing me in long skirts.  And it was winter.  And it was me.  Mistress of the castle, now CEO.  Here I am, get used to it.
When I got down to the kitchen, Willa gave me a good looking over, but said nothing.  I took a chair opposite her, and Ellen brought me coffee.  Willa slid the envelope across the table to me.
“While you were negotiating, did you look at her papers?”
“No.”  She just stared at me.  If she was waiting for tension to build, she was going to have wait a whole lot longer.
“She gives you her proxy for today.”
“Yes, she said that.”
“But there is also a note in there.  If you want the certificates, you have to fly to Dubai and get them from her.  Next Friday at 2.”
“Oh.”  This was annoying, but I wasn’t prepared to get upset.
“Maybe she wants another dance.”
“Maybe.  She does dance well.”
“Jess…”
“Willa, I told you the deal.  If I have to fly to Dubai to get the stock certificates, I will.  If she is playing with us, fine.  The deal is off, and we take her to court.  It will hurt our image, but it will destroy hers and Mathieu’s.  Let’s leave things there and talk about this afternoon.”
Willa wasn’t ready to leave the issue, but she didn’t seem ready to push it too hard either.  So she satisfied herself by staring at me.  Meanwhile, Ellen brought me some toast.  I could hear her making some eggs for me.  Talking with Willa was frustrating, but at least I wouldn’t go hungry.
“We need to explain what happened in Dubai.”  Okay, Willa had moved on.  She would talk about the board agenda.  “They have heard plenty of rumors, and of course they saw three fairly senior people walk out to their cars yesterday.  ‘Early retirement’ is now a punch line.”
“Agreed.  I assume we have a much better idea now about how much money disappeared.  We also need to explain that the revenue projections they have seen for Dubai are all smoke and mirrors.  If you can get all that on one spreadsheet, I think they will understand the size of the problem.”
“And you present that?”  I was sure I saw a bit of desperation in Willa’s face, but I wasn’t going for it.
“I wasn’t here when any of that happened, so no.  You or Kurt explain how all that money disappeared.  You describe the problem, I present the solution – the Saanvi settlement, the castle sale, and the juice distributorship.  And if you think I get the easy part, remember I get the Saanvi settlement, and the sale of the family castle.  I won’t be making any friends.”
“And the shares to the Bank of Muscat?”
“Shares, and a seat on the board.  You have to do that.  I need to recuse myself for obvious reasons.  Save it for the end, and do the CEO vote then too.  I will be sitting out in the waiting area, checking weather reports for Wisconsin.”
“They won’t like giving shares to the bank.”
“Fine.  Pass the hat, and see if they can collect the twenty five million we owe the bank for the shares we bought yesterday.  Also, if they say no, they get a different CEO.  Abdullah and I will go to Wisconsin and build water plants on our own.  And don’t you dare threaten me about that, not after all I have done.”
Ellen brought me my eggs.  I ate eggs, Ellen stood by the stove, Willa stared at me.  No library has ever been as quiet as that kitchen.  Time passed.  Fine with me.  The eggs were good, I ate some more of my toast (have I mentioned how much better European bread is than American bread?), and I waited for a very old lady to come to a decision.
“You will be an excellent CEO.”
“Thank you.”
At just after five that afternoon, that’s what I became.
The meeting?  Our board has fourteen members.  By the time Willa was done, we had to call a bathroom break because they all needed to pee or puke.  The three firings had scared them.  Willa terrified them.  They all had visions of going home to families that were bankrupt.
My turn.  The Saanvi and Mathieu settlement didn’t go down easy, but they agreed it hid the company’s dirty laundry.  The castle sale?  The money looked like a life preserver to a drowning man.  I added a sheet showing how much the company would save in taxes, operating expenses, and maintenance.  When I was done, they had to wonder why we had bought it in the first place (damn good question).  My pitch on the Dubai juice distributorship was salve on a burn.  This was fundamentally a juice company after all, and I was showing them a way to get back to something they understood.
I left the room a popular lady.  If I reentered as CEO, that was fine.  If not, that was fine too.
Out in the waiting room?  Abdullah.  I took him down the hall to an empty office, and we just stood and hugged.  I gave him a thirty second summary of the meeting, and then went back to hugging him.  By the way, I saw my man in a suit for the first time.  No long shirt.  Your basic charcoal gray power suit, with a white shirt and blue tie.  I would have suggested a different shade of blue, but he looked plenty good.  The man knew how to dress among infidels.  He also knew where to put his hands.
“There will be dinner at the castle tonight.  Either I will sit at the head of the table, or someone else will.  None of that matters.  After far too much wine, and far too much talk, they will finally go home, and you and I will go up to my room.”
“You want the head of the table?”
“Yes.  But mostly I want you in my room.”
We were all over each other when Willa finally came to get me.
“Madame president.  Would you return to the board room please?”  She really had a cute smile.  I couldn’t remember seeing it before.
I went back to the board meeting holding Abdullah’s hand.  I introduced him, had him take a seat at the table, and then gave a short speech.  Main points?  I thanked Kurt for his time as CEO and noted his success at sales.  He actually got a pretty good round of applause at that point.  I explained my goals – we would be a juice company and a water company.  And I invited everyone to the castle for dinner.  Drinks at seven, dinner at eight, spouses included of course.
That was it.  Well, that was all there was formally.  Informally, I couldn’t walk two steps in our headquarters, or later at the castle, without someone wishing me well, and then promoting themselves or their project.  That just goes with the territory.
Dinner?  We had twenty six at a table that seats twenty, but we made it work.  We also managed despite the noise from the local ski patrol as they took over the Great Hall for carols and an endless supply of gluh wine.  They were loud, but so were we.  We had fun, they had fun, everyone went home by midnight.  Abdullah and me?  By twelve oh five we were up in my room for our own celebration.



Chapter 33
 Happily Ever After

So, we come to the Happily Ever After portion of my story.  I find a good man.  We get married.  We are in love.  The company was being robbed and was nearer to bankruptcy than anyone cared to think.  Problem solved.  The company has money, and the bad guys have been chased out of town.  I have been named the president of an international company.  I now – finally – have the backing to do my Highway 2 project.  The sun is shining, the birds are singing, children play in the park.  Abdullah and I hold hands and smile at the world.
But.  Anyone who has seen a horror movie knows that the monster is never really dead.  He may have a stake through his heart, or ten or twelve bullets in his chest, and maybe an ax buried deep in his throat, but you know he isn’t finished yet.  He may look dead, he may act dead, he may be lying on the basement floor blood pouring everywhere, but we all know he isn’t done yet.  You want to scream at the dummies in the movie – don’t go down there, stay out of the basement.  But they always go down those stairs, and there is always one more fight.
Of course in this story I am the dummy, and rather than basement stairs, I will take a flight to a yacht in Dubai, and I will have a final fight with my dragon - Saanvi.  My dragon was smart.  My dragon was prepared.  She would be waiting for me.  I had good reasons to be fearful.  Maybe that was a sign of my own intelligence.  I knew enough to fear her.
Our board meeting was Friday afternoon.  I knew where I would be next Friday at 2.  Up until then?  I was feeling pretty good.  I wore my castle dresses in the castle, in the office, and all over town.  And I wore a smile.  I had meetings all day, but a man at night.  I had the castle until ownership officially transferred in mid-January.  I had Kurt’s huge office, and Kurt’s car and driver.  And I had a man to ride with me back to the castle.  No question, I was the happiest bartender in the world.
Our days were long.  I had a million meetings, most of which were meet and greet.  I knew many managers in the company, but certainly not all, and even the ones I knew, I had only known casually.  Time to learn about people, and about all our operations.  Every conversation was pleasant.  Most of what I learned was reassuring.  Dubai operations might have been a problem, but European operations were large and growing.  As I moved from one department to another, I felt pretty good.
But I didn’t want the company to just come to a halt while people prepped for their meeting with me.  I wanted two things more.  I wanted to show some movement, and I wanted to get a deep understanding of our financial position.
The movement I wanted was in North America, the division that had been practically dormant under Kurt.  First thing Saturday morning, I sent the corporate jet to Iron Mountain, Michigan.  While it flew, I texted the four managers of our bottling plants.  I would like to see them, spouses welcome, the jet will be waiting, you’ll be back home Wednesday.  By Sunday morning everyone had found babysitters and were on their way to Bern.
One last step for the North American Division – I had HR in my office first thing Monday morning.  Guenther Handel, the guy who tried to rape me (don’t ask me to repeat that story), was no longer employed by us.  I thought about putting a sexual harassment charge in his file, but I went with general incompetence.  I cited the lack of growth under his leadership.  I told HR no severance.  If he wanted it, he would have to fight for it.  I then called our facilities department and told them to clear out his Minneapolis office.  We would not be using it again.  Did all that make me feel better?  Yes.  Fewer morons on the payroll is always a good thing.
What did I do with the American plant managers when they showed up Sunday night?  I hosted a party in the wine cellar.  Abdullah and I drank water, but my managers did a great job shrinking the amount of wine that would go to Hilton.  I had a great time talking with Billy and Britney.  I had plans for both of them, but those plans could wait.  For the moment, there were long hugs, big smiles, and happy conversations.  Benda Stark was my Amberg manager, the plant that had started everything for me.  I had never met her husband.  Turned out to be a great guy, and a fun guy to have at a party.  Matt Ernst, my Poplar manager came without his wife.  I didn’t ask about that, but he seemed to enjoy himself.  Kayli Martin brought husband Don.  I got an update on Two Harbors.  It took them several glasses of wine to relax and enjoy themselves, but when they finally did, it felt like the party had finally started.
They stayed at the castle, and ate most of their meals in the dining hall.  Work?  I did want them to see corporate headquarters, and for corporate to see them.  I had our operations manager sit with them and listen to their concerns about equipment.  And I had Klaus spend an afternoon with them talking geology and aquifers.  Bottom line?  I wanted these four managers to know, and our staff to know, that North American operations were a priority.  
For emphasis, I had each of them up to my office for a private meeting.  It was the most fun I’d had in a long time.  These were old friends.  Yes, it was nice to see them as CEO, but it was nice just to see them again and talk old times.  Brenda Stark (Amberg manager) and I talked kids, and the latest at the local schools.  My son-in-law Billy was still a little confused about who owned his plant – me or Naturale – but he was happy to work for me whichever the case might be.  Britney (my daughter and Billy’s wife) came up to my office too, just to see it.  Show me a mom who doesn’t love to impress her children.  I will always remember that afternoon.
People talk about taking victory laps.  Sitting in the top office while talking to old friends was definitely a victory lap for me.  I hope sleeping in a castle and riding in a private jet was a victory lap for these folks.  In my mind, they had earned it.  In any case, I am sure the plane left Wednesday filled with happy people.
Okay, so now the whole company knew one of my priorities.  Second priority?  Finances.  Abdullah took an office in the finance department and spent every day staring at spreadsheets and talking to accountants.  For two days he listened.  On Wednesday he spoke.  He could find me the money to upgrade the North American plants and build out the juice distribution network to Dubai.  We needed to shrink receivables (he identified the most likely accounts), and we needed to renegotiate or drop six loans we had outstanding.  Nothing earth shattering, but very achievable.  I turned him loose to get that done.
If all this sounds great, it was.  But that doesn’t mean there were no bad moments.  Handel flew into town, demanding to see me.  I told HR to call security if he didn’t leave.  That was actually kind of fun.  But Charlotte’s visit wasn’t.
Late Wednesday afternoon all my North American managers flew home, and the office seemed quiet.  That’s when Charlotte arrived.  She just walked into my office, closed my door, locked it, and walked around my desk.  As easy as you please, she shot a leg over me, and sat on my lap, facing me, her hands holding my head as she lowered her lips onto mine.  
“Saanvi says she loved dancing with you last week.  She hopes to dance again Friday.”  She was smiling down at me, proud, possessive, in control.
“You understand we fired three of her buddies last week.”
“She has plenty more. Join me for a girl’s weekend, and you can meet some of them.”  She pulled her skirt up and put my hands on her thighs.  
“I think I’ll pass, but if you give me their names, I can have security spend some time with them.”
“Jess, you know you want to join us.”  She is now holding my head back with one arm, while her other hand is working over my breast.  She knows she has complete control of me.  Her face is a smile masking a sneer.  
“Charlotte, I see now Kurt would be perfect to upgrade our sales efforts in South Africa.  I will pay for your travel expenses if you want to go with him, or you can stay here.  Maybe Saanvi will help him.”  Fascinating to watch her face transform.  Sneer gone, smile attempted, but anger escaping from behind her mask.
“He works best in Europe.”
“He will do a fine job in Johannesburg.”  She still held my head back, but somehow she had lost control.
“Leave him here, and I will be very good to you.  I have skills you will really enjoy.”
“You will practice them on someone else.  You are going to leave here.  And you will not come into my office again.  I will leave word with my assistant that you never get in my door.  If that seems too difficult, I will tell security you are banned from the building.”
“I’m Kurt’s wife.”
“Yes, and you are part of the reason he is no longer CEO.”
“I will tell everyone about you and Saanvi.”
“Do you think there is anyone in Switzerland who doesn’t already know?  Time to go, Charlotte.  Tell Saanvi I will see her Friday at two.  You can decide what you want to tell her about Kurt.”
She got off me and walked to the door.  I followed her out.  Once she was down the hall I asked my assistant to have security change the lock on my door, and to keep Charlotte out of my office.  
Okay, so those were the highs and lows of my first week as CEO.  Except for one important element – Abdullah.  He looked great in a suit.  He looked great in my castle.  He looked even better in my bed.  And I made sure there was time for him.  Our days were long, but I insisted we get out of the office by seven.  My driver took us back to a castle now filled with one group after another celebrating Christmas.  We spent time with each group, always working the room for thirty minutes.  I was still hostess, and they were still guests.  Abdullah was a welcome addition.  Besides being my husband, he was a bank executive in a nation that valued banks.  He was treated with the respect he deserved.
But after thirty minutes of mingling, it was our time.  Ellen stayed late and served us in the dining room.  Candles, great food, coffee, and us.  Just us.  Yes, we talked business, but not all evening.  He said all the right things about how I looked in candlelight (I do look much better), and I sat close.  Next stop, the library and the couch in front of the fireplace.  He kept his arm around my shoulders, and I laid my head against his neck.  We talked about this and that.  We stared into the fire.  We enjoyed being close.
Some nights we wandered the second and third floors of the castle.  I wanted him to see what we were selling.  But we got to my room fast enough.  I got into my best night gowns.  One night I even had him bind my wrists.  He held me tight.  We made love long after we should have been asleep.  We took long showers after dawn prayers and arrived at work late every day.  But we arrived together, and we arrived smiling.



Chapter 34
 Last dance with the Dragon

You know what comes next – the big confrontation with Saanvi in Dubai.  She had arranged it so time zones would work against us.  Even on a private jet, it was a five hour flight.  Add five times zones, and we would need to leave Bern at 4 a.m.  Add in Dubai’s traffic, and 3 a.m. is more realistic.
So, we did the sensible thing.  We flew to Dubai Thursday after lunch.  Granted, we still got in late, but we took a hotel in the older part of town near Dubai Creek and across from the national museum.  Interesting hotel, interesting part of town.  We both wore local apparel (including a niqab for me), and we walked the textile souk and ate in a restaurant decorated like a tent.  
Abdullah worked the phones.  We weren’t going to the docks unprepared.  My greatest fear?  I would walk onto the yacht, and she would take it out into the gulf and me with it.  A prisoner again.  Abdullah said he would go with me.  Good.  But we would take additional precautions.  He knew people in Dubai.  They would watch.  If the yacht moved from the dock, they would have the police respond.
Preparations done, we walked back to the hotel and went up to our room.  A stenciled arrow on the ceiling pointed toward Mecca.  We prayed together.  I don’t think I have to tell you what I was praying for.  I made the same prayer at dawn, at mid-morning and noon.  Friday noon of course is the big prayer for the week, and Abdullah would normally walk to the nearest mosque to pray and hear the Imam talk.  Women prayed at home.  Abdullah chose to pray with me.  I kept my shoulder tight to his.  My way of showing gratitude.
Abdullah had a car come for us about fifteen minutes before two.  I left my niqab in my pocket.  I wanted people to see my face - to see me get on that boat, and with any luck, see me get back off.  Abdullah has big hands.  I squeezed his hand and held it as we drove the short distance to the docks.  
Two huge cruise ships were in port.  I wished we were heading to one of them.  We weren’t of course.  We drove past, down to where the yachts were moored.  Four of them.  All white, all new.  Saanvi’s sat among them.  We parked close.  Two o’clock.  Time to get this done.
I think I would have sat in the car to work up my courage.  Saanvi had some trick up her sleeve.  She would take me somewhere, trap me somehow.  I envisioned some tower in Mumbai.  I didn’t want that.  I wanted my company, my American water plants, my husband.  But the stock certificates were on the boat.  I needed to get on the boat.  Now, if I just had a good plan to get back off the boat.
Abdullah didn’t hesitate.  He was quickly out, so I slid out after him.  I walked so close to Abdullah I worried I would trip him.  I held his hand so tight, I worried I would hurt him.  I worried.
As we approached, I watched the main deck.  Was it filled with crewmen ready to grab me?  I only saw one man – Captain Carpenter.  He stood at the top of the portable stairs.  White uniform, white hat, tanned face.  I wasn’t sure what I expected to see on that face.  Malice?  Some thought he might be able to rape me again?  Fear?  Some acknowledgement that I was in a position to retaliate for past offenses?  What I saw was emptiness.  An empty man on an empty yacht.
He stood and provided the information he had been told to provide.
“She’s in the library.”  Library?  When had the boat gotten a library?  I had to ask.
“Where?”
“Forward down the main hall.”  He pointed.  Then he dropped his arm.  His task was accomplished.  I stopped opposite and stared into his face.  He looked over my shoulder.  I waited.  I never got an apology.  Instead, I saw him stare at the horizon while sweat pooled on his chin.  I waited until a single drop slid down onto his pure white uniform.  
“Fucking bastard.”  Enough said.  We walked past.  
I still had a death grip on Abdullah’s hand.  “Forward,” was towards the front of the boat, down a hallway that I had never used.  I recalled seeing several rooms down the hall, but the doors had always been closed, their uses unknown to me.  So.  One of them was a library.  Saanvi now had time to read?
The hallway was dark.  Always that contrast when you come out of bright sunlight into some place shaded.  I felt like holding a hand out in front of me to keep from walking into a wall.  As we walked forward we saw one door was open – the one at the end, the room closest to the bow of the boat.
As you would expect on a yacht, the room was beautiful.  Large windows facing the front of the boat, large bookcases just inside the door.  Mostly Clive Cusler.  I assumed Mathieu’s choice of authors.  There were half a dozen huge leather easy chairs facing forward, all empty.  Where was Saanvi, and why did Carpenter want us in this empty room?  
I feared a trap and quickly moved to the front of the room.  I found a little girl sitting in one of the huge leather chairs.  She was five or six, and sat with her legs straight out in front of her.  Too small to sit in the chair the normal way, she sat with her legs out, her hands in her lap, her face now turned toward me.
I knew her, of course.  I had never met her, but her identify was obvious.  She was Elias’ daughter.  She had Saanvi’s jet black hair down her back, Saanvi’s dark eyes and tanned complexion.  She also had Saanvi’s beauty.  She would be a regular on TV or in movies if she lived in Hollywood.  I looked for Elias in her face.  I thought maybe around the eyes.  Something about their spacing and shape.  It was as though Elias was in there, looking out at me through those eyes.  Those eyes watched me as I examined her.  And like her mother, she was completely comfortable being watched.  She was beautiful, so of course people looked.
“Hi.  My name is Jessica.”
“Yes.  You are my mother’s maid.  Now you will be my maid.  Mother said I should give you this.”  
She picked an envelope from a small table next to her and held it.  She made no effort to move her body forward and reach out to me.  She just raised her hand and waited for me to come to her.  She was definitely Saanvi’s daughter.
I opened the envelope and read the card with Abdullah.
“This is Ella, my daughter.  I have appointed you her guardian.  All the details, and the stock certificates are in the larger envelope on the table.”
That was so Saanvi.  Ella was “her” daughter.  No mention of Elias.  And just like that, I was her guardian.  Abdullah picked up the larger envelope, and we went through all the papers.  There was quite a stack.  The stock certificates were all there, but they had all been signed over to “Ella Gruber Trust” at a private bank in Bern.  Abdullah said he knew the bank.  The trust documents were in their own envelope, and Abdullah went through those.  I looked at the rest of the forms.  I found title to Elias’ flat in Bern.  Ownership had been transferred to me.  There were Ella’s personal papers – Dubai birth certificate, Swiss citizenship papers, Swiss passport.  And there were the guardianship papers.  Saanvi and Mathieu had signed.  A law firm in Bern had signed off as witnesses.  
Abdullah did a quick job analyzing the trust.
“You are executor of the trust.  You have complete authority until the day she turns twenty five.  Her trust includes these stocks, plus two million dollars.”
“The company was supposed to get the stocks.  The company sells the stocks for thirty or thirty five million dollars to compensate for some of the money stolen by Saanvi and Mathieu.”
“Jess, you have complete authority over the trust.  You can sell every share and take every penny if you wish.”
“Sure.  And leave Elias’s daughter destitute.  Well played, Saanvi.  You bitch.”
“We can go another way.  Shadow shares.  You give all the dividends these shares earn to the company, while the trust keeps the shares for Ella.  Since the shares are paying no dividends, the company can issue the same number of shares and collect the money they need.  That avoids what is called stock watering.”
“And what happens in twenty years?”
“She gets the shares, and starts collecting dividends.  But lots can happen in twenty years.  In the meantime, the company gets the money it needs, and she keeps ownership of her shares.  She also has two million to pay for her education.”
I stood and let that sink in.  I had to wonder if Saanvi had already thought of that strategy.  Was she that clever?  She had to believe I wouldn’t take anything from Elias’ daughter.  And giving me the apartment?  It was huge, beautiful, just two blocks from the company offices, and in the most fashionable part of town.  I knew nothing about the Bern real estate market, but the place had to be worth millions.  And, I had lived there with Elias.  I would think of Elias as I walked through every room.  I would leave Emil’s castle and take over Elias’ flat – and mourn his loss each day.  What a bitch.
While we reviewed the papers and talked strategy, Ella watched us.  She sat with her hands in her lap, seemingly relaxed, as if she were watching her servants determine the best way to bring her dinner.  The outcome was obvious to her.  She would leave with us.
But I had to ask.
“Ella, your mother wants me to be your guardian.  I don’t know where she has gone.  Do you want us to stay until we find her and give you back to her?”
“I am to go with you.  My mother is traveling far away.”
I turned to Abdullah.  “We don’t have to do this.  We could just leave her.”
“You would leave the child?”
I hesitated as if I was deciding.  But I wasn’t deciding anything.  I would not leave Elias’ child here.
“You would allow me to take her?”
“It is written in the book.  We must care for orphans.”
“So now we have a five year old to care for?”
“As it is written.”
I was confident this was being written by Saanvi, not by Allah, but I wouldn’t leave a five year old.  I held out my hand.  She took it and slipped forward off the chair.
“My bags are over there.”  She pointed to two small suitcases in the corner.  “You may take them.”
“I will take one.  You will take the other.”
“You will take both.”  She didn’t raise her voice.  She was certain she didn’t need to.  Her orders were always followed.
“I will take one.  You will take the other or it will stay here.”
“He can take it.”
“He will not.”  
Abdullah walked back through the hallway.  I picked up one of the cases and followed him.  Ella took two steps after me, then went back and got her case.  She made it appear it was exceptionally heavy.  I ignored her theatrics and kept walking.  I waited for her at the top of the portable stairs, and took the suitcase from her as I walked down.   I gave the suitcase back to her when we reached the dock.  I took her free hand, and we walked together to the car.
“You will take me to Bern.  That is my home.”
“We are going to America.”
“I am dressed for Switzerland.”
She was.  I hadn’t paid any attention before, but she was wearing a dirndl – a white short sleeved blouse, covered in a red jumper with flared skirt down below her knees.  The classic dress of the Swiss maid.  Except hers was silk.  Not common among girls taking cows to pasture.
We put her cases in the trunk and slid into the back seat of the limo, with her seated between me and Abdullah.  As we drove from the docks I took her hand.  She took her hand back, folding her hands in her lap.
“You will like America.  It is Christmas in another week.”
“It will be cold.”
“Yes, and lots of snow.”
“My mother says you live in a caravan.  Is that true?”  There was skepticism in her face.  She expected me to lie to her.
“We call them trailers in America.”
“Will I be safe in your caravan?  Will it blow away?”
“My trailer is large and safe.  We will celebrate Christmas there.  We will cut a Christmas tree from my yard and decorate it.  All the family will be there.”
“Will your grandson Jeremy be there?”
That came as a surprise.  She knew the names of my grandchildren?  Jeremy was Tiffany and Ben’s first born.
“You will like Jeremy.  He is about your age.”
“The summer after I receive my MBA from Harvard, I will marry Jeremy and take over my mother’s company.”
Okay, now I am past surprise.  What the hell has Saanvi been telling her?
“What if Jeremy doesn’t want to marry you?”
“I am beautiful and rich.  He will marry me.”
It’s a fifteen hour flight from Dubai to Green Bay, even on a private jet.  I am not sure I said three words during the trip.  Ella had several books in her suitcase, and she read them and napped.  Abdullah spent time texting on his phone, but also talking to Ella about the books she was reading.
What was I doing?  I was trying to determine how much trouble I was in.  I had gone to face the dragon, but came out with the dragon’s egg.  She was right.  She would be beautiful and rich.  She would also know everything about the company.  She would live with us in the US and Oman, and Bern.  At some point she would go to a boarding school for the rich.  She would speak four or five languages and know the daughters of world leaders.  Twenty years from now, she would be a force.
Jeremy?  He would go to Green Bay West High School.  Maybe he would play football, maybe not.  He would take two years of Spanish.  If he took after his father, he would major in engineering at some university.  We could afford MIT.  Would he go there?
Somewhere over the Atlantic I leaned back and took some deep breaths.  Saanvi had said I would serve her.  She was right – as always.  I would serve her by raising Elias’ daughter.  What other services did she have planned for me?  No doubt I would learn of them as Saanvi planned.  For now, I had a little girl so very different from the two daughters I had raised.  But I would raise her as best I could.  Somehow.  
I chuckled as I thought of poor Jeremy.  Six years old and already scheduled for marriage.  He had some interesting years ahead.  Was he up to it?  I remembered looking down at a melting glacier with Emil.  What had we agreed?  He and I would do all we could.  Then our children would do their best.  And our grandchildren, since we agreed they were all prodigies, we could be certain they would solve all of life’s problems we had left for them.  Jeremy would do his best.  And maybe there was some Elias in Ella.  The two of them would have an interesting life.
As for me and Saanvi… we might have more dances ahead of us.  Maybe one of those dances I would get to lead.



Author’s note:  Oman is a beautiful place to visit, and very safe.  I spent a year teaching at the University of Nizwa.  I had many pleasant evenings eating poolside at the Golden Tulip Hotel.  My wife and I also enjoy visiting Dubai.  I recommend the Arabian Courtyard Hotel.  It is inexpensive and is right across from the Dubai Museum, and just blocks from the textile souk and Dubai Creek.  Have fun and take an abra across the river.
