DANGEROUS SEDUCTION
A GAY ROMANCE MYSTERY
PART ONE



WRITTEN BY LUCAS LOVELESS
CHAPTER ONE

RODERICK

My name is Roderick Anderson, and I'm a dick. I'm an asshole. I'm a jerk-off. I'm a whatever the fuck you want to call me because at the end of the day I don't give a damn what anyone thinks of me. 
My life isn't complicated. I work in a suit at one of the top advertising companies in the country. I work out like a fucking beast, and my body is built like an action movie star. I've got a swank apartment high rise in downtown. I can afford the best because I work for the best. And there's only two things I'm most passionate about in life: money and fucking. 
As great as women are, I prefer men, and I've preferred them since I was a teenager. Nothing looks better to me than a taut man's ass in front of my face ready for me to eat and fuck. 

Everything in my life is simple and fan-fucking-tastic, and that's the way I'm keeping it.

***

 
He's an intern, not exactly sure of his name or when he started working for High Peak Advertising. All I know is he's got the best ass I've seen in weeks. He's a fit, 23-year-old blonde boy with light skin and toned muscle definition, and he's on his hands and knees on my bed. He's naked, arching his back and sticking his ass into the air so I can get a good view of his hole. 
"Yeah," I tell him. "That's it. Just like that. Let me fucking see it." 
Hearing me, he lowers his head onto the mattress and arches further. I laugh quietly to myself. These guys always doing what I tell them to do, always so eager to please. 
I'm naked as well, and my eight-inch, thick cock is hard as rock and pointed straight out towards this guy's ass. I lean forward and put one hand on each of his cheeks. 
"Are you nervous?" I ask him. 
"N-no," he stutters. He's got a sweet voice, but I can hear the uneasiness in it. He's probably not used to this, fucking around with a dominant guy like me. 
"Relax," I say gently. "You can tell me to stop at anytime."  I know I'm good at this, though, and I know there's no way in hell he will tell me to stop once I get started. 
"Okay," he answers softly. He grips the mattress and looks forward. He waits for my first move. 
Despite my urges, I know I can't just spit on his ass and ram him. This intern seems too timid for that. 
I keep my large hands on his small hips as I climb onto the bed behind him. He feels the head of my cock brushing up against his ass, and he starts breathing heavily and nervously. 
"Hey, relax," I say. "I'm not going to put it in." I lean over him, and while I could very easily shove him down to the mattress, I keep my bodyweight off of him and kiss his back softly. I run the tip of my tongue down his spine and listen carefully to his breathing. 
He takes slower breaths, and after a moment I feel his muscles relax. My lips venture further - just above his butt. I kiss the small of his back and squeeze his hips. He sighs, this time in pleasure, and unknowingly he pushes his ass back towards me. 
"I'm going to eat your ass, okay?" I say in a deep voice. 
"Okay," he says quickly. Cute kid, trying to act calm about it all. 
I softly bite his right ass cheek. His body flinches for a moment then relaxes. I put the tip of my tongue on his cheek and drag it inward. My tongue circles half an inch outside his hole. I'm making him want it first, and I'll make him beg for it. 
I see his hands squeeze the bedsheets. With one hand I reach under his legs and lightly graze his cock, testing his arousal. He's at full mast. Of course he is. 
I finally run the tip of my tongue along his rim and he moans instantly in a high pitch. Fucking sexy. I love bitch boys. 
I make sure not to brush him too hard with my facial scruff as I start going harder. I flatten my tongue and press it against his hole. Fucking amazing. He showered before, just like I asked, and he tastes like some sort of half expensive body wash. He groans and squeezes the sheets harder while I wiggle my tongue against him. 
"Oh fuck," I hear him whimper. 
I pull away and give his ass a quick smack. He yelps, but he leans back against me. He loves it. 
"Do you like that?" I ask. 
"Uh huh," he whimpers. I see his eyes half closed. 
I spank him again. "Tell me you love it." 
"I love it," he moans instantly. 
I start stroking my dick, taking a moment to admire this beautiful ass before me. I let a glob of spit fall from my lips and land on his hole. I swirl it around him with two fingers, and then I line them up with his ass and gently push in. 
He gasps and his body finches. 
I hold his hip. "Relax. It's okay. I'll go slow. Do you want to get fucked?" 
He gulps and nods. 
"Alright. We have to loosen you up first. You're fine." 
"I want it," he says. "Put your fingers in." 
I smile and push them in a little further. I move them slowly in and out. He pants, and I feel his hole pucker around my fingers. 
"Fuck," he sighs. He lowers his head and shuts his eyes. 
"Stroke your cock," I tell him. 
He immediately grabs his shaft and starts yanking on it. 
"Whoa, whoa," I say. "Slow. Go slow." 
He slows down. He strokes himself slowly, keeping himself hard. 
I cradle his balls and massage them while my fingers move further and further into him. After a minute he starts to enjoy it, and after another minute he starts to love it. 
He whimpers and moans while I finger him with more vigor. 
"How's that?" I ask. "Feel good?" 
"Fuck yes," he sighs. "Keep going." 
"Not just yet." I pull my fingers out and lick them. His ass tastes delicious. "Turn around." 
He sits up and maneuvers to face me. He nearly kisses me, but that's not what I want. I hold him back and shake my head. "No not yet. I want you to suck my cock while I finger your perfect little ass." 
He smiles. "Yes sir." 
He backs up and then leans forward. He puts his mouth immediately around my cock and starts bobbing his head. It feels good, but it's not my style exactly. I grab his head and make him stop. "Hey, go slow. Tease me. Make me fucking beg for it, alright?" 

He looks up at me and nods obediently.
He holds his eager self at bay and starts by licking under my shaft. I take pleasure in watching my dick rest across his pretty face. When he reaches the head he parts his lips and puts my dick in between them. He sucks on my head, and the way his eyes roll back and close lets me know he's loving it. 
I rake my hands down his back, and like a cat he arches his ass into the air, eagerly inviting me to put my fingers back into his hole. 
I lick my fingers for lube then put my two middle ones back into his ass and push in. He whimpers in pleasure, and I feel the vibrations on my cock while he slides his mouth further down my shaft. 
"Fuck yeah," I groan. "That's it. Suck my dick." 
He pulls back and strokes my shaft to catch his breath. "Is that good sir?" 
"Yes," I grunt. "Keep sucking." I grab the back of his head and push him back down. He takes my cock in between his lips. His mouth is drooling and drenching my member in spit. Perfect. 
I wiggle my fingers inside him and stretch his hole. I spank him and he whimpers. "You've got a nice fucking ass," I growl. 
He moans. "Yes sir, finger me." 
I jam my fingers in and out. He loves it. I push in three and he moans loudly and high pitched. I grab the back of his head and slide my cock as deep into his mouth as he can take it. A few seconds, and then he pulls back before he gags on my dick. 
He coughs and catches his breath. 
"You like that?" I ask. 
He pants heavily. "Yes sir!" 
"Good." I grab his head and push him back onto my rod. He swallows it eagerly and lets me fuck the back of his throat and long as he can take it. He gags and pulls back. 
I pull his body up and let him face me. There's a beautiful, lusty haze across his face. His six inch cock is rock hard. I keep my fingers in his asshole while I grab his face and pull it to mine. I dive my tongue into his mouth and whip it against his. 
He grabs the back of my head and eagerly accepts my kiss. He moans and groans and squeezes my body. The way his asshole pulses around my fingers, I know he's ready for a good fucking. 
"Come here," I growl. 
I lay down at the front of the bed and make him lay next to me with my arm wrapped around him. While I reach into the nightstand drawer he kisses my chest and licks my nipples. He loves all my fucking muscle, most guys do. 
I pull out one of my favorite toys, a small black butt plug, and some lube. 
The intern sees the plug and his eyes widen. "What is that?" 
"This," I say, "is going to be your favorite new thing." I smile at him. He licks his lips and bites his bottom lip. "Don't be nervous," I say. "If you liked my fingers you'll love this." 
I hand the plug to him and pop the cap of the lube. I drizzle some around it. "Alright," I say. "Now slide that up your asshole." 
He holds the plug awkwardly. "I just, put it up there?" 
I wink at him and  nod. "Trust me, you'll fucking love it." 
I take the plug from him and lean up. "Spread your legs." 
He grabs his legs and pulls them up and apart, letting me see that beautiful hole. I rub the lube all over the plug, and then I hold him while gently putting the tip of it against his ass. I push it in. It goes halfway before I feel resistance. 
He moans. "Oh fuck." 
"You like it?" I ask. 
He bites his lip and nods. 
"I'm going to push it all the way in." 
"Okay!" 
I slide it all the way into his asshole until it reaches the square end piece. He squeezes my arm and his head cocks back. He eyes close and he whimpers. I see precum oozing from his cock. 
"You like that?" I ask. 
"Fuck yes!" He cries out. 
I wiggle the plug inside him. He grabs his own nipple and tweaks it. His hips wiggle back and forth so he can ride the plug. 
"Grab it," I say. I move his hand onto the plug. "I want you to fuck yourself with it." 
I lean back against the headboard. He lays on with me  my arm around him. I tweak his nipple and stroke my hard cock. He starts vigorously fucking himself with my toy. 
"Oh fuck," he moans. "Oh fuck that's good." 
"Yeah," I grunt. "Yeah fuck that pretty hole." 
He goes to stroke his aching cock but I stop him. 
"Not yet," I say. With the way he's going I know he'll come fast. 
He keeps fucking himself, getting his hole ready for my huge rod. I lick my lips and stare at the beautiful sight. I run my hand over my balls. They're big and full of juice. I can't wait to shoot on him. 
"I want you to fuck me," he whimpers. He slides his hand under mine and starts stroking me. "I want you to fuck me with this big dick, sir." 
"Take that plug out," I order. "And lay on your back." 
I get a condom from the nightstand drawer and slide it over my shaft. I pour lube onto it and get my dick wet. 
He lies on his back after pulling the plug out. He toys with his ass, keeping a few fingers inside. He stares eagerly at me while I get on my knees before him and jerk my dick. I grab his thighs and lift them up, leaving his pussy exposed and ready for me. 
I press the head of my cock against his hole. He looks down at it and he's panting and rock hard in anticipation.
I push my cock inside. He rears his head back and grabs onto the sheets. I see a glob of precum fall from his cock. His dick pulses as I enter him. His asshole squeezes around my shaft like a fucking hot hug. 
"Fuck!" he moans. "Yes. Fuck me, sir." 
I slide halfway into him, and then I slowly pull out. I push back in, and the slide out. I keep it to halfway so as not to hurt him. My huge cock will tear him if I just ram him now. 
I lower my body over him, keeping my weight off of him and in my arms. His legs wraps around my hips. He grabs my face and kisses me. I let him, even though I don't want to. I let his tongue dance against mine. I let his lips toy with mine. He's overcome with lust as I slowly fuck him harder and deeper. 
His fingers rake along my back. I thrust harder, and in minutes I'm sliding my cock all the way into him. 
"Fuck!" he squeals. "Fuck yes! Fuck me!" 
I do as he wants. I grab his hands and pin them down, claiming him as mine. I pile drive my dick furiously into his asshole while he moans loudly. 
"Fuck, I think I'm about to come," he cries. 
"Yeah, come on. Shoot your fucking load." I slam his ass. I can hear my balls slapping against him. 
He tries, but I won't let him grab his dick. I know he'll come with no hands. 
He practically screams and I feel his ass pulse around my shaft. I thrust hard a few more times. His face scrunched and his eyes close. He whimpers and his mouth gaps open. I look down. His come shoots out of him and lands on his stomach. 
I lean up and release his hands. With his eyes still closed he strokes his cock, getting the rest of his come out while I keep fucking him hard. 
He moans again and again and I revel in watching his body tighten and flex. His ass is incredibly tight while I fuck all of the come out of him. 
When he's done, I slide out and slip the condom off. He breathes heavily. He lies limply before me. He opens his eyes and stares at my cock while I stroke it. 
"I'm going to shoot on your face," I say to him. 
He licks his lips and nods. "Yes sir." 
I move up to the side of his head. I stroke my cock over him. He waits eagerly. He moves his head under me and starts licking my balls and moaning. 
I put one hand on my hip and the other firmly jerking my rod. My balls tighten. I grab his head and hold him in front of me. 
He opens his mouth and sticks his tongue out. My body flinches and I grunt loudly. Come shoots from cock and splatters across his face, in his mouth, and over the bed. 
I come for fifteen seconds. When I'm done I look down. My jizz is scattered over the bed and I've drenched his face and mouth in it. He licks it from his lips. His eyes are closed, and it's obvious he's loved his facial. 
I lean down and lick my come from his face. I love the taste of my own come. I gather it in my mouth, and then I let it fall from my mouth and into his open mouth. We make out with my come swapping over our tongues and lips. I do this with him until my come is cleaned off his face. It's a courtesy. I figure if he let me tear his ass up I could at least help him clean up. 

We lay there a few minutes later. He is about to lie on my chest when I slip out of bed and stand. 
"If you don't mind," I say. "I have a lot of work to get to." 
He seems disappointed, but he takes the hint. He gets dressed. "I had fun." 
I smile back at him. "Yeah, me too. You've got a great ass." I spank him over his jeans. He seems sad, but he fakes a smile. For a moment it seems like he wants to kiss me, but he knows better than to try. 
"I'll see you around," I say to him. I walk him to the door. He tries to hug me but I back away from him. "I'll see you at work." 
He nods awkwardly and quickly leaves. 
I stand there next to the door in my underwear. I lean against the door and think about the way I am. 

He was a nice guy, probably would've been nice to date. But I'm not that way. I don't do relationships. I'm an asshole, a jerk and a bastard, and I can accept that. I like making money and fucking, but I don't do romance. No matter how nice his ass is.



CHAPTER TWO

RODERICK

"Hey there stud," Sandra says to me. 
I walk by her desk on my way to the elevator of the High Peak Advertising building. This woman, a 20 something red head, has always had the hots for me. She's always winking or staring at me when I walk by, always asking how I'm doing or what I'm doing that weekend to see if I'm free. I always smile back and ask her how she is, but I never fees into her flirting. Not with her or any of the other girls around the office that have lady boners for me. I'm surprised my reputation isn't more well known around here. After all, I've fucked nearly every gay man in the office, and then several "straight" men too. 
I take the elevator up to the 33rd floor. I walk confidently in my black suit and deep blue tie past the desks of all the drones and interns. I never smile at them. I hardly acknowledge them. I'm higher up on the company ladder and so I don't have to grovel to anyone. That's their job. 
The only person I say hello to is my secretary, a Mr. Gilmar Larsdon. He's a cute, 25-year-old Latin man with a sexy accent and the greenest eyes I've ever witnessed. I'd fuck him, too, only I'm almost positive he's straight. I caught him once watching straight porn on his phone. I didn't say anything, but my hopes of ever getting at his ass felt dashed. 
"How are you, Mr. Anderson?" he asks with a smile. 
I lean over the desk and put on a flirtatious grin. "I tell you all the time, Gilmar. Call me Roderick." 
He smiles politely back. "I think I'll stick with Mr. Anderson sir. But thanks." 
I shrug. "Alright. Any calls?" 
He looks from me and to his pile of notes on the desk. "Actually yes. One guy has been calling every fifteen minutes waiting for you to get into the office. Mr. Denver Tretton." 
Immediately I feel annoyed. "Ugh, that guy. He's been emailing me for weeks asking for a fucking interview. Says he's from some magazine or whatever." 
"He's a college student sir. He's writing for a university paper. I think an interview with you will help get him an A." 
I roll my eyes. "Of course it will. Send him up when he calls. I'll just reject him to his face since he doesn't understand the word 'no' through email." 
"Yes sir." Gilmar immediately writes it down. 
I love the way he says yes sir. Seriously, he's the only man in the building I ever fantasize about, and it's probably because I can't have him. And that only makes me want that sexy fucker more. 
I finally get into my office and sit down. I scroll through emails and open my documents to work. My current project is an advertisement with the city's biggest night club, the Jaguar. A stupid name, I think, but the place is actually gloriously entertaining. They feature women in cages dressed like jungle cats. The alcohol is always top shelf and the bar tenders and required to be gorgeous. Of course I only notice the male ones. 
Gilmar's voice comes onto the speaker. "Mr. Anderson, Denver Tretton is here to see you." 
"Alright, send him in." I sigh and lean back in my seat. I'm ready to get this over with. 
The door opens. It's Gilmar and behind him is a surprisingly, and stunningly good looking man in his late twenties. He's a tall, fit, masculine man with short dark hair and a trimmed beard. He wears nice black slacks and a blue button down shirt. He smiles and enters. 
"Mr. Roderick Anderson," he says. He walks up to my desk, excited, and extends his hand. 
I stand and shake his hand. We lock eyes, and we hold that stare. I smile back at him. I can't help it. The flirtatious man hunter in me is alert and ready for action. 
I notice Gilmar still standing at the door. He seems to be gawking at the both of us. 
"Thank you, Gilmar," I say. 
Gilmar suddenly shakes his head to bring his focus back. He smiles at me. "Yes sir." Then he awkwardly and quickly closes the door. 
"Look I don't want to get into trouble," Denver says softly. "But you have a cute secretary." 
I grin and put my hands on my hips. Holy hell. The son of a bitch is into men. "You mean Gilmar?" I ask. 
Denver nods. "Hope you don't mind me saying so. But damn, how do you work with him out there?" 
We laugh about it. He's fucking hot, and while he's not looking I check him out, wondering what's underneath his clothes. 
"Please sit down," I say. 
We take our seats and I lean back casually. I notice he doesn't even have a pen and paper. He's looking around the room, practically scanning it, but for what?
"So what paper are you from exactly?" I ask. 
"The North Carlton University paper," he answers. 
"If you don't mind my saying so," I say. "You seem a little old to be a student." 
He smiles. "Well I got a late start. Trying my hardest to catch up, you know?" 
I smile and nod. "I understand." 
"You know, Mr. Anderson," he says. 
"Please." I put my hand up. "Denver right?" 
He nods. 
"Denver, you can call me Roderick." 
He smiles. "Alright, Roderick. You seem to be pretty busy already. How do you feel about doing the interview later? Say tonight, maybe over some drinks?" 
He stares into my eyes with a flirting grin. 
My cock is already twitching for him. "Sounds great." 

***

I pack everything important back into my briefcase. I'm ready to leave the office. It's 6 o clock, and in two hours I'm meeting Denver for our interview. 
It seems the only one left out in the open office room is Gilmar. He's typing furiously on his phone. 
I approach his desk. "Gilmar, what are you still doing here?" 
He sets his phone down quickly. He looks up at me. "Nothing, sir. I just had a lot to catch up on." 
"Well worry about it tomorrow and go home," I tell him. "I'm sure your girlfriend misses you." 
He flinches when I say girlfriend. "Uh, yeah sure. I think I'm just going to stay here and finish everything if that's okay." 
I leave it alone. "Of course. Thanks, Gilmar. I'll see you tomorrow." 
He smiles and nods as I walk out.

CHAPTER THREE

RODERICK

At 8:30 I meet Denver at the Diving Dog, a rich little gay bar in the uptown neighborhood of the city where men of money come to find other men of money and hook up. 
Denver and I sit at a small table in the back of the room. We've already had several drinks, and by this point we are incredibly friendly with one another. 
He'll say something funny and we'll both laugh and he'll put his hand on my shoulder. When I talk to him, sometimes I put my hand down on his knee and squeeze and he loves it. There's something about him, this Denver Tretton, something about the way he makes me feel that no other man ever has. I feel comfortable around him, but that's not it. I feel attracted to him, but then again I'm attracted to most beautiful men I meet. He makes me feel at ease somehow, like I don't have to try as hard or be anything I'm not. I mean I still want to fuck this guy's brains out, but I don't feel like I have to impress him, and in that way, it feels like we've known each other forever. 
"You know," I say as I sip on my Jack and Coke, "you haven't even asked me anything about High Peak yet. You just seem to know a lot about my personal life now." 
"I hope that doesn't bother you," he says to me. 
I shake my head. "Not at all." 
"I just think you're a fascinating man, Roderick Anderson."
I smile and lean away from him. He's good. He's really good, but I won't fall for any heavy flirting. I'm used to being the hunter, not the hunted. And I realize maybe this is why I feel so connected to Denver - we are incredibly similar to one another. 
"Tell me about yourself," I insist. "Tell me about Mr. Denver Tretton." 
He leans back and sips from his cocktail. "There's not much to say about me. I go to school, I like to write, and I like sex. That's about it." 
I bite my lip and grin at him. This son of a bitch really just won't stop. I toss back the rest of my drink and unconsciously I readjust my cock in my underwear. The way it's half erect makes me uncomfortable. 
He notices me adjusting myself. "Is your cock getting in the way?" 
I laugh. "A little." 
"I doubt it's just a little." He smiles at me. "I'd love to see, if you don't mind." 
"Damn, dude," I say, laughing. 
He laughs, too. "What?" 
"You might as well be wearing a shirt that says 'I want dick.' You want me to just whip it out and show you?" 
He laughs. "Well I don't think they're allowed to let you do that here." He lowers his voice and looks at me. "Maybe somewhere else, though?" 
"Oh yeah?" I lick my lips. "Like where?" 
"Where ever is close by."
I stare at him, studying him. He’s not joking.
“Look, Mr. Anderson,” he says.
I interrupt him. “Call me Roderick.”
“Okay, Roderick.” He looks down and sets his finger on the rim of his glass. He circles the rim of the glass like he’s pondering something heavily. “I don’t like games, and I don’t like to waste time. When I see something I like, I go after it.” He looks up at me. “I imagine you do the same?”
I take a moment, and then I nod. “Absolutely.”
“Then I’m going to be honest with you.” He returns his gaze to his glass. “I think you’re the sexiest fucking man I’ve ever laid my eyes on, and I’ll be damned if I never get the chance to have sex with you.” He dips his finger into the glass, and then he raises his hand up and puts his finger in between his lips. He sucks on it and draws it out of his mouth slowly. “So, what do you say?” 
My cock is growing inside my suit pants. Immediately I start to imagine what he looks like naked. My eyes go from his face and down to his chest, where his shirt is unbuttoned at the top. I see his wife-beater undershirt, and then I see his smooth and chiseled chest. If that’s any indication of what the rest of his body looks like, then hell yes I can’t way to fuck him. “My apartment is about thirty minutes from here.”
He shakes his head quickly, smiling. “Come on, Roderick. I don’t want to wait thirty minutes.”
I laugh. “Well then what?” I point to the back of the bar. “Shall we go the restroom and have an under-the-stall fuck like a couple of strangers?”
“No, no, I don’t want that.” He looks off into space and his eyebrows furrow. He’s thinking again. “What about your office? That’s close by, right?”
I stare at him and my body twinges with excitement. I think about bending him over my desk and slamming his ass. I nod. “Yes, yes it is.”
He grins at me. “Ever fucked in your office before?”

***


We don’t waste any more time. He pays for both of our tabs, even though I insist on paying my own way. 
We get into the taxi and I tell the driver the where to go. The driver, a foreign man, speaks no words to us while he drives. He just stares forward and pays attention to the busy city streets, perfect for what is happening in the back. 
Denver and I sit in silence for a few moments, just staring at one another. He sees me, and lets me, roam my eyes over his body. Both of us being hunters, it is only seconds before we both make the first move. 
We lean into one another. I put my hand inside his shirt and rub the muscle of his chest. 
He puts his hand on my inner thigh and squeezes. He reaches up further, wasting no time. He finds the shape of my hard dick against my leg and squeezes. 
“Fuck,” I groan. 
“There it is,” he whispers. “I knew you had a big dick, Mr. Anderson.”
I move my hand from his chest and down in between his legs. I grope his crotch, feeling his bulge. He moans and his eyes half-close. 
“Looks like we’ve both got big dicks,” I say. 
He smiles at me. 
Our faces are inches apart from one another. 
I had always set my boundaries pretty clearly. No kissing – unless it is during fucking and the mood is hot – that is one of my rules. But of course, there is something about Denver Tretton that is forcing me to act completely different from any other way I have before. 
I’m the first one to lean in. 
I tilt my head and lean forward. Our lips meet, softly and gently, and to my surprise, it feels strangely romantic. Our lips brush against each other and dance with one another. I can feel his scruff on my face. He squeezes my cock again, making me groan. He opens his lips, letting me slip my wanting tongue into his mouth and find his.
Our tongues rub against one another. He playfully whips mine and circles around it, making me smile in pleasure. 
He runs his hand up from my crotch and along my stomach and chest. He grabs at the back of my head and pulls my face closer into his. Fucking hot. 
Our breathing gets heavier.
Our bodies get hotter. 
All the while the driver pays us no mind. 
Denver leans away from me and grins. We lock eyes. Without looking down, he finds the zipper of my pants and pulls it down. 
I smile at him while he reaches his hand into my pants and finds the flap of my boxers. He pulls all of this aside, and he whips out my raging hard cock through the fly of my pants. I look forward, seeing if the driver has noticed anything. The driver isn’t paying attention. 
“Ever had taxi head before?” Denver whispers.
I laugh. “Shut up and suck my cock.” 
I put my hand on the back of his head and push him downward. 
Gladly, he leans down, opens his drooling mouth, and slides the top half of my cock in between his lips. 
The sensation immediately hits me. I lean my head back. My eyes roll back. I groan while he bobs his mouth up and down my shaft, leaving all of his spit on my cock. 
He circles the tip of his tongue around the head, making me throb, making my body beg for it. He puts hand on the outside of my pants and pushing up until he finds my balls. He rubs them back and forth while licking up and down my shaft. 
“Fuck,” I whisper. 
He puts my cock back in his mouth and goes as far down as his throat will let him. 
While he’s lying over on his side, with my dick in his mouth, I get a good view of his ass. It’s shaped perfectly, and his pants are riding up on him, up into his crack and defining each round, bubble butt cheek. I reach over and grab a handful and squeeze. 
“Yeah,” he whispers, “you like that ass?” 
“Fuck yeah.” 
I grab his ass and shake it while he moans with my dick at the back of his throat. 
“Give me your fingers,” he says. 
I do as he says. 
He leans up while keeping one hand on the shaft of m dick and stroking it. I show him my hand, and he opens his mouth and gets my middle two fingers in there. 
Fucking dirty guy. 
I slide my fingers in and out of his mouth while he drools on them, getting them wet. 
He leans back. “Alright. Now put them in my ass. Finger my fucking hole.”
He lies back down and swallows my cock again. 
With my dry hand I rip his shirt out from under his pants and bring it up, revealing the tanned skin of his muscular back. I see the top of his ass crack just above his belt. I slide my hand with wet fingers down his crack while he groans. 
“Yeah,” he says with a mouthful of my dick. “Yeah, put them in my ass.”
I slide my hand in between his bubble cheeks and force them open, finding his tiny, smooth asshole. I press my middle two fingers up against his rim and he groans loudly. 
“Yeah,” he groans. “Come on, man. Finger my ass!”
I jam my fingers into his hole, making him whimper. 
“Oh fuck,” he moans. He can’t concentrate on sucking my dick, and so he keeps stroking my wet cock furiously. “Fuck yes. Finger me.”
I don’t waste any time warming him up. I push my fingers deep inside him and then bring them back out quickly. Then I jam them back inside. I repeat this, practically jack hammering him with my two fingers. I feel his hole squeezing around me. 
He can’t help but reach his free hand in between his legs and grab his dick through his pants. 
“Keep sucking my cock,” I order.
He puts my dick back in his mouth and bobs up and down for a few moments, but he can’t do it while I’m finger fucking his hole. 
“Oh God,” he whines. “Just put your dick in my ass. Fuck me.”
He leans up and grabs my face. He brings his lips to mine and we kiss passionately for a few moments. I can taste my precum on his tongue. 
“Fuck my hole,” he demands.
I glance at the driver. He does nothing. He says nothing. He’s not looking back at us. Though I imagine he’s trained himself to do this – just ignore everything that happens in the back of his taxi. 
Denver pulls his pants down over his ass. I look at the round, bubble perfection of it. 
He leans forward and I turn to the side. 
I grab his cheeks and spread them apart, getting me a good look at his tight asshole. 
“Fuck, that’s beautiful,” I say.
He reaches around and grabs my dick. He lines it up with his ass, and then he sits down on it. I watch my shaft disappear into his asshole, and I feel it squeeze tightly. 
I grab his shoulder and his hip. “Hold still.”
He keeps himself lifted up while I start thrusting upward, fucking him from underneath. 
He groans loudly and grips the seat of the taxi hard. “Oh fuck! Yeah, fuck me!”
I fuck him harder, faster. 
“Fuck, you’re gonna make me come,” he whines. 
I feel his asshole tighten around me. 
“Yeah,” I grunt. “Yeah, shoot your fucking load.”
“Oh fuck!” His asshole pulses and his body tightens up. He’s coming, staining his pants. 
I fuck him three more times, and then my cock pulses and I shoot rockets of my own hot come into his ass. 
A few moments pass, and then he lays back on me. 
I wrap my arms around him and kiss the side of his neck. He turns his face to mine and kisses me. 
He brings his pants back up and zips them. I put my cock away and zip up. 
The taxi driver gets us to my office building. 
Denver gets out first and walks towards the door. 
I go to pay the taxi driver. 
The driver glares at me. “You owe me extra.”
“For what?” I ask.
“For letting you fuck in the back.” He glares at me seriously. 
I smirk and hand him a hundred-dollar bill before he drives away. 
I turn around and meet Denver at the entrance door. 
My office building has already been closed for the night. I take out my ID card and scan it. The doors open and we quietly enter. 
“Come on,” Denver whispers. He grabs my shoulders and pushes me forward. “Come on. I can’t wait to fuck again!”
 We make it to the elevator and I press the button to take us up to our office. 
He smiles and pants. He throws me up against the wall. “You’re so fucking hot, Roderick Anderson.” He holds my face and jams his tongue into my mouth. 
I grab his shoulders and move him away from the wall. I throw him up against the opposite wall and make out with him. 
Our breathing is so hot and heavy we could fog up the entire elevator. 
I turn him around and run my hands down his body. I grab each of his ass cheeks in my hands and squeeze.
“Fuck, yes,” he moans. “Play with my ass.”
I get down onto my knees before his backside. “Let me eat your fucking ass.” I spank him hard and he yelps in pleasure. 
He undoes his belt. 
I tear down his pants and gawk at his bare ass. I bite each cheek, and then I spread them apart and look at his hole, still dripping with my come. I lean forward and push my tongue inside his hole and wiggle it around in a circle. 
“Yeah,” he whines. “Yeah, eat that ass!” He arches his back and pushes his ass against my face. Fucking amazing. 
He turns around and grabs my shoulders. He pulls me back up to his face and lets me jam my tongue into his mouth. 
The elevator stops at my floor. 
“Come on,” I tell him. 
He gets out before me and I spank his bare ass. 
He pulls his pants up and we walk straight past all the empty cubicles and to my office. 
We walk into the dark space and I drag him straight to my desk. I’m about to bend him over when he stops me. 
“Wait, wait. You got anything to drink?” he asks.
“Drink?” I ignore him and try to kiss him. 
He pushes me back.
“What the hell do you want a drink for right now?” I ask.
“Come on,” he says with a puppy dog smile. “We’ve got all night. Might as well make it last, right?” 
I sigh. “You’re cute. You’re real fucking cute.”
I leave him there at the desk and go to my liquor cabinet. As I bring out two glasses I can’t believe that I’m giving a practical stranger some of my top shelf bourbon. But then again, like I’ve said before, Denver Tretton is making me do things I never do. 
I pour each of us some bourbon over ice. I set them down on the desk. 
“Alright then,” I say. “Go ahead and drink up.” 
He smirks and takes a sip of the bourbon. “Don’t be so angry.” He takes both drinks off the desk and walks forward to me. My eyes stay on his. “After all, I’m gonna let you fuck me over your desk.”
He puts the glass up to my mouth and I take a drink from it. 
“Let’s just toss them back,” he says. 
I take the glass from him. I’m dying to fuck already, and I’ll do whatever it takes to get this guy to shut up already so I can bury my dick into his ass again. I drink the rest of the bourbon from my glass while he downs all of his. 
We set the glasses back on the table. 
“Let’s fuck already,” I grunt. 
He smiles when I grab him and bring his face back to mine. He holds the back of my head while our tongues whip against one another. 
But something strange starts to happen…
A few moments later, my tongue feels numb and I can’t taste the liquor on his breath anymore. My hands feel limp, then my body feels limp. The dim moonlight in the office fades to complete black.
And then I’m gone. 







CHAPTER FOUR

GILMAR

I’m not an outgoing guy, never have been. I live a pretty simply life. I have my girlfriend who lives with me in our small, one-bedroom apartment in the city. Every weekend I’ll try to make time to see my mother. She’s been lonely since my father passed away. 
My girlfriend doesn’t have pets, doesn’t have any cars together or things together. My name is on the rent. Hers isn’t. About the only thing we have in common, or at least used to have in common, is sex, though lately that hasn’t been going great either. 
My family is from Columbia, and I inherited all of that Hispanic looks. I won’t lie; I know I’m a good looking guy. I’ve got tan skin and eyes that most women fawn over once I look at them long enough. But for one reason or another, I’ve never really liked all of the female attention. 
I’m twenty-five now, and I’ve only ever had three girlfriends. I enjoy sex with them, but ever since I was a teenager I’ve felt that there was something just - missing. I’ve always felt different than most guys, and I never exactly knew why, and I still don’t. 
I wake up that morning in bed, and my girlfriend is already gone as usual. She works the early shift at a café about thirty minutes away in the city. 
I lie there, eyes wide open, staring up at the ceiling. 
I’m hard, rock hard. I look down and see that I’m pitching a tent in the sheet. I get like this every morning, with a severe case of morning-wood, especially now that my girlfriend and I haven’t had sex in the last three weeks. 
I remove the sheets off of me and run my hand down my flat stomach and slip my fingers underneath the waistline of my boxers. I feel the trimmed bush of my pubic hair and reach lower until I grip the bottom of my cock shaft in my hand. 
My nipples harden and goosebumps form over my body. It always feels like this when I play with myself. 
I slide my boxers down and my seven-inch cock flops out and stands up straight. My balls are already tightening upwards. I rub my hand over them and squeeze them gently. They’re large and full of a morning load that I know I’ll need to shoot before I do anything else today. 
I take the glob of pre-come from the head of my cock and rub it over my shaft. There’s a lot of it, so I continue to rub it over my shaft until my cock is practically shining. I stroke myself while playing with my balls. I breathe heavily and start moaning. My body wiggles on the mattress. It feels wonderful.
And then, like it has been happening a lot lately, I start thinking about him. I open my eyes quickly and stop myself. Not again. Not him. My boss, I’m thinking about my boss, Roderick Anderson. 
I know the guy is gay, and I know that he screws around a lot. He’s got a thing for the interns, and I know that he’s also pretty blatantly interested in me. I don’t like him in a romantic way, but lately I can’t shake the thoughts out of my head, the curiosity of what it would be like to sleep with another man. I wonder what having my butt played with feels like. 
I don’t realize it, but while I’m imagining Mr. Anderson going down on my hole, my hand has reached lower than my balls. I push my fingers in between my butt cheeks and find my hole, a tight, virgin little man-pussy that has a light amount of hair surrounding it. I bite my lip and my breaths become hot and quick while I toy with my butt, circling my finger around it and pressing a little inside it. 
It makes my cock throb to do this, and pre-come oozes out of me like crazy. 
I pinch my nipple for a moment, and then I return my hand to my shaft and start stroking. My butt moves up and down and I push my finger further inside my hole. 
This is the third time I’ve ever played with my butt, and every time I’m always thinking about Mr. Anderson – imagining that it’s his tongue inside me instead of my finger. 
My balls tighten and my body stiffens. 
“Fuck,” I whisper. “Yes, yes Mr. Anderson.”
My eyes close, and my body quickly heats up to the edge of orgasm. I push my finger inside my little hairy hole. I squeeze my hole around it and finger myself fast and quick. 
My cock throbs and I arch upward and moan. 
Come rockets out of me, shooting past my head and onto the headboard and on the sheets. Then it finally shoots onto my stomach, and one shot hits me in the face. 
I lay back and relax, and out of curiosity I lick the finger that was in my butt. It tastes… good. I roll my eyes and sigh. Great, I like the taste of my own ass. I’m a freak. 
I’m about to get up and get dressed, get ready for work, when my cellphone rings on the nightstand. I look at the screen. It’s coming from an unknown number. “Hello?”
“Gilmar, listen, it’s Roderick.” He speaks hurriedly and quickly in a whisper. 
“Mr. Anderson?” I ask. 
“Yes, yes,” he says quickly. “Look I don’t have a lot of time. But, but you’re the only person I could think of to call.”
“Mr. Anderson, what’s wrong?” 
“I don’t have time to talk now, Gilmar. Look, I need you to meet me somewhere. Okay? I need to you to meet me at the Twin Falls Cabin. Number 12. Can you do that, Gilmar?”
“Twin Falls Cabin? Sir, I don’t understand –”
“Just meet me there tonight, Gilmar. Okay? I need your help. Do you trust me?”
There is a moment of silence.
“Gilmar?”
“Mr. Anderson, I – yes, I trust you.”
“Number 12. I’ll see you tonight. And Gilmar, don’t tell the police we spoke.”
“The police? Mr. Anderson what are you – ”
There is a click and Roderick Anderson’s voice was gone. 
“What the hell is going on?” 
I set my cellphone back on the nightstand and sit up. I stay still for a moment. My mind is racing. What kind of trouble is Mr. Anderson in? What kind of trouble am I going to be in for talking to him?
I have to keep the day as normal as possible, though. I know this much. 
I take a shower. I put on my suit for work, and I head out the door like I always do. Just act as normal as possible. That’s what I keep telling myself. 
I take a taxi and twenty minutes later I arrive at High Peak Advertising, only the entire building has been sectioned off by the police. Investigators and detectives and a forensic unit and running about. News vans and reporters are at every corner of the building. 
There’s hardly any of my coworkers there. I see one, Janice, a nice older woman in a pink dress. I walk up to her quickly. 
“What’s going on?” I ask. 
“Oh, Gilmar, it’s awful!” she says. “They shut the entire place down. No one is allowed in.”
“Why?”
“Didn’t you hear it on the news?”
“No I don’t turn on the TV.”
“Someone called the police on Mr. Anderson this morning.”
“Why?” I ask, trying to sound surprised that he’s in trouble. 
“They found blood in his office. He killed someone there last night.” 

***

Killed someone! They’re saying he killed someone! 
I leave High Peak Advertising immediately. I’m not stupid. I know that it’s only a matter of time before they start questioning me. The media, the police, anyone who knows me – they’re all going to be asking about Mr. Anderson and what I know about what happened. But of course I don’t know anything that happened. 
I remember what Mr. Anderson had said to me – Twin Falls Cabins, number 12. I have to get there tonight, to see him and find out what exactly is going on. 
I get back to my apartment, but it would seem the circus has already started. 
Standing outside the door are two policeman, one of them African American and the other looks to be some sort of Greek maybe. They both scowl in my direction tip their hats my way as I approach my door. 
“Hello,” I say in a meek voice. I must seem scared. I am scared. I’m a nervous wreck. They’re going to know I’m lying. They have to. I’m a terrible damn liar. 
“Good morning, Mr. Larsdon,” the Greek one says. 
“You guys are here about Mr. Anderson,” I say.
They nod. 
“Can we come in?” the African American one asks. 
“Uh, yeah, sure.” I move quickly. If I don’t let them in they’ll think I have something to hide. 

They take a quick walk around my apartment and search. I offer them anything to drink or eat and of course they say no. I come to sit on the couch and anxiously wait for them to finish their business. 
“What exactly did Mr. Anderson do?” I ask. 
The Greek looking one stands in front of me. He’s a tall man with medium length, dark brown hair. He’s got hazel eyes and dark facial scruff. He seems pretty built underneath his police uniform. He’s a good looking man, though I don’t pay too much attention to it now because of the level of my anxiety. “He’s being investigated for murder, Mr. Larsdon.”
I sigh. “Oh my God.” Once again, I do my best to sound surprised. “Who – who did he kill?” 
He kneels down in front of me and takes off his hat. He speaks to me kindly. “Look, Mr. Larsdon. We’re not at liberty to discuss a lot of details. We just need to know the last time you saw him,” he says, and then he looks up into my eyes, “and if you’ve had any contact with him since last night?”
A lump forms in my throat. I gulp, and I force myself to keep looking back into his hazel eyes. If my eyesight wavers, he’ll think I’m lying.
“Well I, I saw him last night before he left.”
“Okay, what time did he leave?” This cop won’t take his eyes off mine. It’s intimidating, and it makes my heart beat faster .
“Uh, I don’t know. Maybe six or seven. I stayed later.” I clear my throat.
“Alright, and what time did you leave?”
“About 8 or 8:30. I had to finish up a lot of work. I had to do um, file reports and finish up organizing data searches, and uh –”
The cop holds his hand up to quiet me. He laughs softly, and when he smiles I notice the dimples in his mouth. He looks down. He pulls out a notepad and writes some things in there. “I don’t need to know your work, Mr. Larsdon.”
“Gilmar,” I say quickly. “Call me Gilmar.”
He looks up at me, into my eyes. He smiles sweetly. “Alright, Gilmar. I just need to know everything about your involvement with Mr. Anderson.” 

The Greek looking cop and his partner ask me a few more questions. I can’t tell them much. I’ve worked for Mr. Anderson for two years now. The only times I’ve ever spoken with him are when he walks past my desk. He never goes to any of the company events or gatherings. He’s invited me out to drinks a few times, but I’ve always turned him down. I’ve always kept it professional between he and I, and that’s all there is to say. 
Finally, they take a last look around and head to the door. The African American cop leaves, and then the Greek looking one looks back at me. 
“Thank you for helping us out, Gilmar,” he says.
I gulp. “Yeah, no problem.”
He writes something down in his notepad and hands it to me. It’s a phone number, with his name above it: Leo Andino. I look back up at him. 
“If you find anything out, or if he tries to contact you,” he says to me, “call me right away, okay?” He smiles. 
I must be blushing at this guy. I feel it in my face. “Yeah, sure.” 
He winks at me and then walks out of the apartment. I close the door. Funny thing, I never once mentioned that I had a girlfriend.  

***


I wait, and I wait. 
I try to do some work on my laptop from home, but that’s not any good. 
When I can’t stand it anymore, I finally turn on the television to see what’s going on. 
It’s on the first channel I come across. A blonde TV reporter stands in front of High Peak Advertising. “What’s important to note is that there’s no actual body found in Mr. Roderick Anderson’s office,” she says. 
I sit on the couch in front of the TV. I lean forward and listen. 
“So far, from what we know, forensics have found blood and torn clothing inside the office. The anonymous caller who led police to the crime scene has yet to be identified, and Roderick Anderson is still at large. If anyone has any information on his whereabouts, please contact the authorities immediately.”
I can’t listen to it anymore and I shut off the television. I stand up and begin pacing the room. Maybe I should tell the police that he called. Maybe I should just get myself out of this the easy way, but what about Mr. Anderson? 
I don’t think he’s the type that could kill anyone. He’s the type that could screw any man that walks, sure, but he could never kill someone. Something else is going on here. Something has to be. 
My girlfriend gets home around 6 at her usual time. She doesn’t say anything to me. She goes immediately to the bathroom and starts running the water for a shower. She does this often. It means she’s had a hard day at the café and doesn’t want to talk to me. She hates her boss, at least that much I know. 
I look up Twin Falls Cabins on my phone. It’s four hours away up north. 
“Number twelve,” I mutter to myself. I grab some scratch paper from my brief case and write down the directions. 
I delete the internet search history of my phone, and then I turn my phone off. The police track cellphones. That’s why Mr. Anderson must’ve called from a number that wasn’t his cellphone. I leave it on the table and go to the bathroom door.
“Honey?” I say as I knock on the door. 
“What?” she asks coldly. 
“I’m gonna go stay with my mom, tonight,” I lie to her. “She’s feeling sick.”
“Fine.” 
I can’t take the simple act of walking out. I walk into the bathroom. I hang my head low. “Jessica?” I ask.
She pulls back the shower curtain a little and glares at me. She’s a pretty girl, Spanish with tan skin and dark features. She’s thin, has B cup breasts and a tight rear-end I used to love squeezing. But as I look at her now, I don’t feel any of those desires or attractions anymore. 
“Are we okay?” I ask. 
She sighs and rolls her eyes. “Really, Gilmar? You want to talk about this now?”
“Well we never talk about anything,” I say.
She shuts the shower curtain. “Just leave me alone for right now, okay? I’ve had a long day.” 
Of course she’s had a long day, and her long day is the only long day that matters. She doesn’t even bother to ask me about the current scandal that is slowly pulling me in. She must’ve heard about it. They have televisions at the café. But she doesn’t want to talk, at least not to me. 
Her phone is there on the counter. It reads that she has a new message from a PRIVATE NUMBER, but her phone is locked and I don’t know the password. This isn’t the first time she’s gotten that message, and when I ask her about it she says it’s nothing and that she has to go, or she changes the conversation somehow. Whatever she’s hiding, I know I’ll probably never figure it out. 
I leave her in the bathroom. I get my wallet and my car keys, but I reluctantly leave my cell phone. I grab the directions to Twin Falls Cabins off the counter, and then I head out. 

***

The hours go by slowly on my drive out of the city. I listen to the radio for a while, but then I turn it off when I’d rather go over thoughts of what happened to Mr. Anderson. Could he really kill somebody? I’m not sure. I realize I don’t even really know him that well at all. The only times I see him are when he walks past my desk, looking handsome as always. But behind that handsome face could be a cold blooded murderer, and with that thought in my head my nerves work like crazy as I near the entrance to Twin Falls. 
I drive through the gate. It’s a shabby, rundown shack of a security guard place. The door isn’t even on the hinges. The light above the small building is out, leaving the entrance in complete darkness. 
The sign for Twin Falls is rusted and broken, and the T and one of the l’s is missing from it. 
“Damn,” I whisper to myself. 
What have I gotten myself into? 
I drive past the gate and onto the ill-paved road that winds into the woods of the property. My headlights seem to be the only lights out here, and they’re dimmed by the shadows of the crowded trees and overgrown shrubbery of the woods. 
Cabin 12 is at the very end of the road, the last cabin of the property. 
I pull into the dirt drive and park. 
Cabin 12 looks just as in bad shape as the security shack. The wooden walls are old and chipped. The windows are cracked and dusty. The roof is missing a good number of tile pieces. The way the dead trees around it hang over it – it’s like they’re guarding it. The whole place looks evil, like something I’d seen in a horror film before. 
I step out of my car and slowly approach. The headlights turn off, leaving me in complete darkness. 
“Shit,” I whisper. I look around. I don’t see any sign of Mr. Anderson. “Mr.,” I stutter, “Mr. Anderson? Sir? Are you here?” I try not to be too loud. 
Suddenly the door of the cabin opens. There he stands, Mr. Roderick Anderson. He’s not wearing his work suit and tie, which honestly surprises me. He’s wearing jeans and a wife beater that reveals his bulging muscles and definition. 
“Gilmar, quick come in.” He’s whispering hurriedly. 
Cautiously, I walk up onto the creaking porch of the cabin and then past him and inside. 
Immediately I smell the musk of an old cabin. It’s dingy and filthy and looks like it hasn’t been occupied in decades. 
Mr. Anderson closes the door behind me. 
I stand still while he walks around me and feels his way to the mantle above the fire place. I see a small, glowing light coming from something on there. He turns a knob of whatever it is, and then light floods into the room. It’s coming from an old oil lantern I see on the mantle. 
I see Mr. Anderson standing in the dim, flickering light. He’s glistening in sweat and staring at me. There’s this fearful look in his eyes. 
I look around the room. There’s a few pieces of old furniture, but they’re covered in dusty blankets. The wooden floor is caked in old dirt. The entire cabin feels something like a sauna. 
“Jesus, Mr. Anderson,” I say. “It’s hot in here.”
“Gilmar,” he says. He takes a deep breath. “What – what did you hear about me on the news?”
I don’t answer for a moment. “Mr. Anderson, I –”
“Don’t act like they’re not talking about me,” he says. “I know they are. What are they saying?” 
I clear my throat. “They’re saying you killed a man in your office.” 
He sighs and begins pacing around the cabin. “Shit, that’s what I figured they were going to report.”
“Mr. Anderson, what happened? They say they didn’t even find a body.”
“No, of course they didn’t!” He looks back at me in desperation. “Because there is no body, Gilmar. Because no one is dead! I didn’t kill anyone.”
I raise my hands. “Okay, okay. Mr. Anderson, you have to tell me what happened. That’s the only way I can help you.” 
He starts pacing again. “That guy – that fucking guy that said he was a student. I met him last night for drinks.”
“From North Carlton University?” I ask. 
He nods. “That’s him. But I don’t think he’s from the school. I don’t know where the hell he’s from. Denver Tretton – that’s what he said his name is. But I don’t think that’s true either.”
“Okay, so what happened? You met him for drinks?”
He nods. “And then we went back to my office to fuck.”
He says it so casually, but I’m a little taken aback by it. “Back to your office to, to –” I can’t even bring my shy self to say it out loud.
“Fuck, Gilmar. Fuck. You know, where one of us is pounding the other in the ass?”
“Okay, okay. I get it.” My face is also turning red. “And then what, Mr. Anderson?”
“And then I don’t know. The next thing I remember is waking up in my office. My clothes are still on. There’s blood all over my desk and on the floor. I freak out and run, because –”
I wait, but he doesn’t finish his sentence. “Because of what, Mr. Anderson?”
He stops pacing. He looks at me for a moment with sadness in his face. He turns away and walks to one of the dirty windows. He rubs the dirt off of it and looks out. He leans against the window pane and sighs. 
“I drank a lot last night, Gilmar, more than I have in years. A few years ago, I used to drink pretty heavily and sometimes I would black out.”
“What would happen?”
“Nothing… usually. There was this one time. I was with my ex-boyfriend. He was a real asshole. We fought all the time, and we also drank all the time. One night I drank a half a bottle of tequila. I blacked out of course, and then when I woke up I found him unconscious on the floor.” He turns around and looks shamefully at me. “I had punched him in the face four times without knowing it.” 
“And you’re worried you did that to the student,” I assume.
Mr. Anderson shakes his head and starts pacing. “Don’t call him that, Gilmar. I doubt he’s a student.”
“But that’s what you’re worried about.”
He nods at me. “What if I did do something terrible last night and I just don’t remember it?”
I shake my head. “Mr. Anderson, there would’ve been a body there. You couldn’t have removed a body while you were blackout drunk.”
He stops pacing and puts his hands on his hips. “I guess you’re right. But then what happened? I don’t understand. I ran because I was afraid I had done something.”
He tries to walk closer to me, but out of unknown I back away from him. He senses this and stops moving forward. 
“Gilmar, I swear, if I did anything I didn’t mean to,” he says. 
I nod. “I know, Mr. Anderson. I know.”
“I’m not a killer,” he says desperately. 
“Okay. I know. I know you’re not. But they think you did it, Mr. Anderson. I don’t know what to say.”
He looks away from me and into space. “I can’t get back into the building. I know there’s something there, a clue or something. There has to be. Something that would tell us why this mother fucker is trying to frame me for murder.”
“I doubt he would’ve left anything behind,” I say.
He looks back at me and snaps his finger. “Yes, but he would’ve taken something. Last night I told him we should go back to my apartment, but he wanted to fuck in the office. He insisted that we fuck in my office.”
“Okay?”
“Don’t you get it? He couldn’t get in because I had the ID. No one can get into that building unless they have ID to scan. He wanted something in there, but what… what did he want?” He starts pacing again. He wipes some sweat from his face. “I didn’t have anything important in there.” 
He stops pacing and looks at me. 
I gulp. There’s more than desperation in his eyes this time; there’s determination. He’s thought of something, and I’m not sure I’m ready to hear it.
“You have to get into the office, Gilmar. You have to look and see if anything is missing.”
“What? Mr. Anderson, how the hell am I going to know if anything is missing from your office?” 
“I don’t have anything just lying around. Nothing that anyone would want to take anyway. I had a lot of files on my computer, though. And they’re linked to your account, right?”
“Yes,” I say slowly.
“So you can check and see if they took anything off my computer.”
“Why does this matter, Mr. Anderson?”
“Because I have to know if I did something last night, Gilmar, if I did something terrible. If there’s nothing missing then it was me, and maybe I did hurt that guy, Denver. But if something is missing from my files – then I’ll know I’m being set up. Will you do this for me, Gilmar? Please, will you help me?”
I look into his desperate expression. I can leave now, go to the police and turn Mr. Anderson in and be done with the whole thing. Maybe Mr. Anderson did hurt this Denver guy, or maybe he even killed him. I can’t be sure. But something in my gut tells me that there is more to this than meets the eye. 
Finally, I nod. “Okay, Mr. Anderson. I’ll do it.” 


CHAPTER FIVE

GILMAR

Mr. Anderson stays at the cabin. I ask him if I can bring him any food, and he tells me no. He’s too worked up to eat anything, but he has a few water bottles that he brought from his apartment. 
I don’t want to drive all the way back to my apartment. I can’t. I’m not sure that I can face my girlfriend right now, not after everything I’ve heard. 
I drive straight back through the city after stopping for gas. 
I keep driving until I reach High Peek Advertising. The building is empty, not a soul in sight. There’s police tape still around the entrance doors. I see the lights on through the windows. I see, near the top, a window that I think belongs to Mr. Anderson’s office. The answer could be in there, just maybe. 
I park my car three blocks away and step out into the night. 
There aren’t that many people on the streets. I keep my hands in my pockets and my head down. My stomach is churning and my heart races. I look over my shoulder; I look all around me. I feel like someone is watching, but I tell myself I’m just being paranoid.
The police aren’t watching the building. The forensics team has gone home for the night. It’s just me. 
I creep around the corner and walk along the glass. I crouch and go under the police tape and move as quickly as I can to the door. I pull my ID card out of my wallet and scan it. 
The door opens. 
I quickly race inside. 
My shoes clomp across the tile as I go straight to the elevator. 
“What am I doing?” I ask myself as the elevator climbs to Mr. Anderson’s office level. “What am I doing? I’m going to go to prison.” I wouldn’t last in prison. I’m not built for that. 
The elevator doors open and I stand still, staring out into the dimly lit office space. I see Mr. Anderson’s office at the end of the room. The door has been left open, perfect. 
I walk quickly and as silently as I can. 
I get to my desk first. I turn on my computer and drum my fingers nervously while it loads. When it is ready, I immediately check the files that are linked to Mr. Anderson’s account – all of them are plans and advertising campaigns for various clients. I save the list to a flash drive. 
Something moves from the other side of the office, or was it just the noise of an old building. 
I wait, motionless and silent. I hear nothing. 
I move quickly, going straight into Mr. Anderson’s office where I start up his computer. 
“Come on, come on,” I mutter to myself. 
While his computer loads I look around. I see the blood stain on his desk and the remaining blood on the floor. How do they know that this is murder? For all they know it could’ve been Mr. Anderson’s blood. It’s a creepy feeling; I’m in the center of a crime scene. 
His computer is ready. I pull up all his campaign files and plug in my flash drive to compare them side by side. They seem to be the same, until I realize one missing from his, a plan for a nightclub, the Jaguar. I remember this one. It was supposed to be our biggest sell of the year. I think about the millions of dollars that were riding on this deal. I search through his files for the advertising plan, but there is nothing for it. That’s ludicrous. Something as big as that? Mr. Anderson would have had several copies of it on storage. I check the file on the flash drive; I click on “THE JAGUAR PLAN,” but when it comes up it is a jumbled mess of wingding letters.
And there was the proof. Someone had stolen Mr. Anderson’s files, and then they screwed up all the copies, including the one that was sent to my account. 
“Shit,” I whisper. 
I hear something else from out in the office. A creaking of some sort. 
I stop breathing. I stop moving. I wait…
No one comes in. 
I quickly shut off the computer. I race silently back to the elevator and ride it down. 
“Fuck,” I whisper. “He’s being framed. Mr. Anderson is being framed.”  



CHAPTER SIX

LEO

I haven’t gotten laid in weeks, and I haven’t even jerked myself in days. 
“Not now,” I say to myself as my cock starts to get erect again.
This will be the sixth erection I’ve gotten while on the night shift. I hate it, driving around the city with a hard dick. All I want to do is pull over and take care of it, but I’m too professional for that. And that would be just my luck. I would start stroking my cock and then someone would speed, or someone would steal a purse, and I’d have to waste time tucking my meat back in before I could go save the day. 
So I do my best to ignore it and round another block in my squad car. I hear some voices on the radio, other officers who aren’t doing anything. The city is unusually quiet tonight. 
At the end of the block I take a look at High Peek Advertising. Did the guy really do it? Where’s he at? They did a search through his apartment today and the surrounding areas. Of course he hasn’t been found. It’ll take some time for that. 
But then I see someone sneaking out through the front. Who the hell is that? I flip the switch for the lights and press the pedal hard. 
I pull up to the corner in front of the building and whoever it is stops and stares back at me. Well I’ll be damned; it’s that cute little secretary that works for the suspect. He seems terrified and stands still on the sidewalk.
I get out of the car. I don’t reach for my gun, not yet. I read him as too gentle to be violent towards me. 
“Mr. Larsdon, right?” I ask. 
He nods. Those sweet green eyes look at me in terror. 
“What are you doing sneaking into a closed-off building, sir?” I prod. 
“No-nothing,” he stutters. “Sorry. I just. I forgot some stuff two days ago and I had to get it to get some work done.” 
“You know that trespassing onto property that is blocked off is a crime right? I could arrest you right now.”
“Please, please, sir,” he begs. “I had some files that I had to get. We’ve got a lot of, uh, deadlines to meet and my job is already on the line and…”
I raise my hand, realizing how scared he is. “Hey, hey calm down. So tell me, you just went up to your desk and got these?”
He gulps and nods. 
“Well where are they? I don’t see anything.” I look at his hands.
He quickly dives into his pocket and retrieves a flash drive. “They’re all on here. I promise. Look, I’m not trying to cause any trouble. I just really don’t want to get behind on any of this.” There’s so much pleading in his eyes; it’s almost cute – this little damsel in distress in front of me. 
I smile at him and try to ease him. “It’s okay. It’s okay. Why don’t we go back up and see about all of it?” Even though I like him, I know that I can’t let him leave without seeing if he might’ve left anything that would help the case. 
He’s scared, but he nods. 
We don’t say anything to each other as we walk back into the building. We don’t say anything on the elevator ride up to his boss’s floor. 
We get off the elevator and walk to his desk. He stands near it.
“This is it,” he says. “This is far as I went.” His eyes dart towards his boss’s office, but they quickly look back at me. 
“And you got everything on your flash drive?” I ask. I start pacing around the office space, looking around to see if he’d left anything. 
“Yes sir,” he says immediately.
I shine my flashlight into his boss’s office. I see the same bloody crime scene I had seen earlier that day. 
I walk back to him. He keeps his back against the desk, and despite my efforts not to think about it, I imagine taking off his clothes, sitting him onto the desk and sucking his cock. I shake my head and force these thoughts out. 
“You know,” I say in a low voice, “if there’s anything going on, if you’re in any sort of trouble, Mr. Larsdon, you can tell me.” I step closer to him, hovering over him. It’s a scare tactic I’ve used to get people to spill information, but it’s also my excuse for getting that much closer to his body. 
He licks his lips and keeps his eyes down. Occasionally he’ll look up into mine, but he never keeps his gaze into them. 
“I’m fine,” he says. “I’m not in trouble, Leo.”
I smile. “Hey, you remember my name.”
“Of course I do.” This time he looks up at me and holds his stare. His mouth opens slightly, and then he quickly looks away. “Look, I have to go. I’ve got a lot of work to do, I’m sorry.”
“You’re sure there’s nothing you’re not telling me,” I insist. Without thinking I put my hands on his shoulders and squeeze them. “Please, Mr. Larsdon, you can talk to me. I’m one of the good guys.”
“Gilmar,” he says. “I told you to call me Gilmar.” He looks back at me. “And there’s nothing. I have your number, remember? If I have anything to tell you I’ll call you.”
I wait a moment. Then I sigh and let him go. “Alright. Let’s get out of here before I have to put you in handcuffs.” Though I want to put this sexy little man in handcuffs anyway. 
I escort him back down to the sidewalk outside. 
“Where’s your car?” I ask. 
“It’s a few blocks that way,” he says, pointing into the dark city streets.
“Let me give you a ride.” 
“That’s okay, I can walk.”
I stare at him. “Come on, Gilmar. Let me give you a ride.”
He hesitates and then finally agrees.
We’re quiet while I drive him the few blocks to his car. 
“Don’t ever do that again,” I tell him. “Seriously, I should be arresting you right now. You could’ve contaminated the crime scene.”
“I won’t I promise.” He looks at me. “Thank you, for not taking me to jail.” 
I stop next to his car. “Alright, well remember to call me if anything comes up. If your boss calls, don’t hesitate to let me know.”
He nods and gets out of the car. “Thanks.” 
I wait for him to drive away, and then I continue the rest of my shift.
At about 2 am I’m finally done. I park the squad car back at the station and take my crappy car back to my small, one bedroom apartment. It’s just me and my dog, Skip, a mild-mannered Golden Retriever that I adopted from a shelter two years ago.
I take off my uniform, shower, and then I walk around naked like I always do. Hell, I don’t have anyone to hide anything from. I put on some boxers, and then I get a bowl of cereal and eat while watching some sports on TV. I think about how nice it would be to have someone to come to, but I don’t. I’m married to my job. The force is all I know and I’m afraid that’s all I’ll ever have. 

At 4am my phone rings and I wake up. I groggily take it off the nightstand.
“Hello?”
“Leo?” says a familiar voice. “Leo, it’s me. It’s Gilmar.”
I sit up. “Gilmar? What’s wrong? Are you okay?”
“You said I could call you if anything happened right?”
“Yes of course!”
“I, I need your help. I’m at my apartment.” 

I don’t waste any time. I throw on jeans, a T shirt, and my tennis shoes and race out the door. I drive across the city – it’s easy this early in the morning. I make it to Gilmar’s apartment. The door has been kicked in and the deadbolt is broken. 
Gilmar sits alone on his couch holding a baseball bat. I place my hand on my gun, which is secured tightly to a holster on my belt. 
“Gilmar?” I say. “Is there someone here?”
He stands up and shakes his head. “No, they left. Look, Leo, I’m sorry. I just – I just didn’t know who else to call.”
“Shh,” I tell him. “It’s okay.” Even though he said he was alone, by instinct I carefully look around the apartment. When I’m satisfied I let my guard down. 
“Gilmar,” I say, looking at him, “what happened?” 



CHAPTER SEVEN

GILMAR


I don’t waste any time. 
Leo drives me back to my car and I floor the pedal as soon as I am out of his sights. 
My heart is pounding in my chest and my palms are sweating. Did he know? Did he know what I had really done? Was he just letting me get away so that he could follow me?
I don’t know. How can I know?
I constantly check my review mirror to see any sign of headlights following me as I race by the tall buildings that eventually fall behind my path. I travel quickly onto the highway and back straight for Twin Falls Cabins. 

I get back to the Cabin 12 and park my car. In the light of my headlights I see Mr. Anderson standing near one of the walls inside. 
I walk in. 
“Mr. Anderson?’ I ask.
“Gilmar!” He looks the same as when I left him, a sweaty mess in jeans and a wife beater. By now he has rigged up an old fan and got it going. It’s about three feet wide by four feet long. He kneels in front of it. “Fuck, that feels nice.”
“You were right,” I say immediately.
He stares at me with a cold expression that I make out with the lantern light. 
“You were right, Mr. Anderson,” I say to him. “You were being set up.” 
He lowers his head and stares into the spinning fan blades. For a moment he is quiet, contemplative.
“Thank God,” he says. He lets out a deep breath as if he’s been holding it the entire time I was gone. “You know, Gilmar, for a while there, I honestly thought I might’ve done something. I didn’t know how. I didn’t know why. But I believed that I may have actually hurt this Denver Tretton.” He looks up at me, his eyes show is relief and a hint of happiness, at least as happy as one can be in this situation. “Thank you.”
I nod. “Of course, Mr. Anderson.”
He stands and keeps his head low. He puts his hands together and taps them against his forehead. “Then why? Why would someone do this?” He looks up at me in a sudden thought. “Gilmar, what was missing?”
I clear my throat. “It was the plans for the Jaguar, sir. They took your file and then corrupted mine. It’s completely unreadable.”
“The Jaguar?” He paces and runs his thumb along the thin beard on his chin. “Really? So that’s what they took?”
“I don’t know why, sir,” I say.
“No, of course not. This doesn’t seem logical.” He looks up at me. “If this guy really wanted to ruin my life – he would’ve just gone back to my apartment. He would’ve found my bank account information. He would’ve drained all my savings. But instead he goes after some nightclub plans? Why?”
“At least he didn’t kill you,” I say. 
He pauses for a moment. He nods. “Yes, of course, and I’m thankful for that.”
And then it hits me. This whole thing – this whole mess, it might not even be about money. It might be about something else entirely. 
“What if it’s not about money?’ I ask. 
“What do you mean?”
“What if it’s – personal? The Jaguar is a pretty big account, but you’re right, whoever did this, they could’ve hit you a whole lot harder than just taking some advertising plans. This has to be personal. Who were you working on the Jaguar with before?”
He takes a moment to try and remember. “No one, as far as I can remember. I was the only one officially contracted to it.”
“And you didn’t take it from another company?”
“What – you mean steal the deal?”
“I know the kind of business man you are, Mr. Anderson. Don’t lie to me.”
He furrows his brows. “Yes, I know. And I’ve had these plans for two years now. There were a dozen other companies in the bid before I got it. There’s no way of telling who would’ve gotten pissed enough to do this to me.”
I sigh. I lower my head and rub my neck. The exhaustion of the night is finally starting to catch up with me, and with the dim lighting of the lantern and the heat of the cabin, I feel as if I could lay on the dirt covered wooden floor and go to sleep. “I’ll have to look into it.”
“Gilmar,” he says sympathetically. “You’ve already done enough for me. All I needed was to know that there was something else going on. That I didn’t hurt anyone.”
I shake my head. As I speak I feel the heat of anger rise in me. “No, Mr. Anderson. This is wrong. What this person is doing to you is wrong and you shouldn’t have to fight this alone. I’m going to help you.” I look into his eyes sternly. 
He looks back. He nods. “Okay, but if you ever want out, get out. Understand me? I may already be going down for this and I don’t want you going down with me.”
I nod. “I will, I promise.”

I leave ten minutes later. Mr. Anderson tells me that he plans on staying in that cabin as long as he can. He has clothes and some food that he took from his apartment that will last him for a while. I tell him that I’m going to do my best to get the bottom of what is happening. We both know the odds are not in our favor. Instead of trying to find out the truth, the cops are busy trying to find out where Mr. Anderson is, and so I know that it’s up to me to be the real help. 


I drive slowly back to my apartment, not because I’m being cautious, but because I can barely keep my eyes focused on the road. I haven’t driven so much in one night in all my life. The adrenaline of the situation is wearing off, and all I want now is something lie down on and sleep. 
I get back to my apartment. 
It’s dark inside and I hear nothing. 
“Baby?” I call out, but my girlfriend of course doesn’t respond. I turn the lights on. Everything seems normal. 
I assume my girlfriend is already in bed, and that’s when I find a note there on the small kitchen table. 

Gilmar,

I’m going to stay at Tiffany’s for a few days. Please don’t call me or text me. I need some time to think.

“Are you kidding me?” I whisper under my breath. 
She’s never done this before. She’s left every once in a while to go stay somewhere else, but she’s never actually left for a few days and then requested that I not speak to her. I can see it now, the beginning of the end, and maybe it’s for the best. My heart aches a little thinking about our relationship ending up on the rocks, and yet at the same time there’s something kind of freeing about it. 
I take off my shirt and pants and throw them in the hamper. I turn out all the lights except the one at the front door. I walk to go turn it off, and that’s when I hear something rustle from the corner of the living room. 
I whip around. Instantly, that adrenaline starts to kick back in and I’m no longer tired. I know I’m not hearing things, not this time. Something, or someone definitely moved, and they were in my apartment. 
“Who’s there?” I demand in a stern voice. 
I don’t hear anything. 
The living room is too dark to see even the furniture. 
I slowly walk forward to the edge of the kitchen. I reach out and flip the light switch. 
The light comes on and I see someone standing the center of the living room, dressed in all black and wearing a black ski mask over their face. 
“Fuck!” I exclaim. 
Before I can even move this stranger lunges forward and comes around the kitchen. He’s holding a switch blade and swings it at me. 
I dive out of the way, barely missing the strike. 
He comes at me again. 
I jump around the table. I race out of the kitchen and into the living room. There’s a baseball bat in the closet, and that’s where I’m headed. 
Before I can get through the living room he grabs me from behind and wraps his arm around my throat. I put one hand up on his arm and pull him off as hard as I can, but his grip is strong and I’m already suffocating. 
His other hand raises into the air, holding the switchblade, and he brings it down towards his my stomach. 
I grunt and use my other hand to grab his before he can stab me. 
We stay in this struggle for a few moments as I lose oxygen. 
Refusing to let this fucker kill me, I rush backwards and send him crashing into the end table near the couch. He falls backwards and lands right on the lamp, shattering it underneath him. 
Wheezing, I run forward into my bedroom. I fling open the closet door and reach in to retrieve the bat. 
When I emerge from the closet I see him charging down the hall. 
I swing the bat at him. 
He stops in his tracks and backs up before the bat hits him. 
I hold the bat, ready to hit him again. 
He crouches and raises his switch blade. 
It’s a standoff. 
He lunges at me with the knife. 
I swing. 
I miss hitting him as he ducks away, but I quickly swing again and strike him hard into his ribs. He yelps out in pain and limps quickly backwards back out into the living room. 
I follow him into the living room. I raise the bat up, ready to swing again. 
He throws the switch blade at me, sending it soaring through the air headed straight for my chest. I dodge out of the way and the blade sticks into my wall. When I turn back around, he’s already made his way to my apartment window. He shatters it and rolls out onto the fire escape. 
I race to the window, but by the time I get there he has lunged over the side of the railing and let himself fall. He catches himself on the railing below that, and then he continues falling from railing to railing until he has ninja leaped his way down to the street. 
“No fucking way,” I whisper to myself before I even imagine doing what he did. 
I see him race away down the dark street, and within seconds he is out of sight. 
I lean against the fire escape railing and catch my breath. 
“Holy shit,” I whisper. 
I look in through the shattered window. The window – that’s how he must’ve gone in – my girlfriend nor I never lock it. But why? Why would he climb all the way up to this apartment? It doesn’t take me long to make the connection. 
“There was someone in that office,” I say to myself, remembering the rustling noises I had heard when I was looking through Mr. Anderson’s computer. “And they know who I am.” 


It’s thirty minutes later…
I didn’t know who else to call. 
Leo arrives, and my heart starts racing, but for a different reason. With him there, I immediately feel safer. And it’s a strange feeling because I’ve never felt that way about a man before. 
He does a full sweep through the apartment to make sure there’s no one else there. This makes me laugh a little, the way he is so naturally protective. 
“Alright, I guess it’s just us,” he says as he puts his gun back in his holster.
“I told you,” I say. 
He looks at me. “And you didn’t see their face?”
“I shake my head.”
He looks at me, and then at the broken window and back at the front door. “The locks on those doors don’t seem to safe. Gilmar, I’m going to be honest with you. You can’t stay here.”
“Damn it,” I say under my breath. 
“Do you have anywhere else to go? Any family? Friends?”
All of my family lives out of state. And I can’t think of a single person I know well enough to let me stay at their place. Mr. Anderson would’ve, but of course he was already hiding. 
I shake my head. “No, no one.”
He walks forward and stands in front of me, towering over me. Damn it, this is a big guy – a big, hunky police man whose muscles are barely contained by his shirt – holy shit why am I thinking this! I bite my lip and shake out the thoughts of how gorgeous he is. 
“You can stay with me if you want,” he says in a low voice. “At least until this apartment is safe again.” 
I look up into his eyes and my body trembles a little just to see them looking back at me. 
“If you want,” he says. 




CHAPTER EIGHT 

RODERICK

How the fuck could this have happened? Who the fuck would’ve done something like this? There’s a lot of people I’ve pissed off while working at High Peak. Hell, there’s a lot of people I’ve pissed off in my lifetime, but who would’ve been mad enough to do some shit like this?
These are the thoughts going through my mind while I stand still under the cold water of the communal showers at Twin Falls Cabins. Like the rest of this shitty property, the showers are terrible. The water doesn’t feel clean, and there’s hardly enough pressure to take a real shower. 
I dry off and put on some clothes I had stashed in a single duffle bag. 
“I’m living like a damn homeless person,” I tell myself. I hate it. I want my apartment; I want my old life back already. 
Denver Tretton, Denver Tretton, who the hell was this Denver Tretton. Who’s to say that was ever even his real name? Was he working for himself, was he the person that I had pissed off? Or was he working for someone else? Was he being paid? It makes sense. Someone knew me, knew the kind of man that I couldn’t resist, and then paid that type of man to get me into my office and frame me – but for murder? For fucking murder?
I can’t get my head around it. It all seems too ridiculous. But as I sneak out of the communal showers and back onto the trail, I keep my eyes and ears open for signs of anyone seeing me or knowing that I’m there, even though I’m almost certain that this property is empty. But the fact that I’m so paranoid reminds me that all of this is real. 
Maybe I’ve lived my life wrong and I’ve had this coming. Maybe I deserve it. I’ve used countless men for sex. I’ve stolen countless deals away from other companies that might’ve needed the money. I’m an asshole, yeah, but I’ve always known this and I’ve never been shy about telling others. 
I guess now – maybe I’m paying for it. 
I make my way back to Cabin 12. I lie down on the dirty floor in front of the fan and do my best to think about colder places, any other place, really, that will take my mind off this fucking heat. I’m too worked up, to worried, to even jerk myself. I hope that Gilmar finds something, anything that will help, but I can’t count on it, and I don’t want him to get dragged too deep into this like I already am. 
I start thinking about leaving, leaving the cabin and leaving the state – maybe even leaving the country before the police can find me. 


CHATPER NINE

LEO

By the time everything is said and done, after Gilmar has given his statement to my partners and after he’s made a full police report of the break in, the sun is starting to rise in between the skyscrapers of the city. 
Gilmar and I ride in my car back to my small apartment. He’s quiet, and I try not to pry him too much. 
“It’s a pretty eventful day for you,” I say to him. 
He’s leaning against the window. The poor guy looks exhausted. “Yeah, tell me about it.”
“And you’ve got no idea why this guy would’ve broken into your place?” I ask. 
“No, none. I guess I’m just having a lot of bad luck.”
“I’ll say so.” 
We make it back to my apartment. Honestly I’m a little nervous to let Gilmar in because I’m embarrassed of the space.  Gilmar smiles, though, and says that he thinks it’s fine. Skip takes right to him, and I love it when I see how much Gilmar loves dogs. 
“You like him?” I ask. 
“Hell yeah,” Gilmar says with a smile. “I’ve always wanted one but my girlfriend never did.”
“That’s too bad.” Bitch, I think in my head. 
Gilmar can barely stand straight up long enough. 
“You must be exhausted,” I tell him. 
“I am.” He rubs his eyes. 
I notice the glare of the morning light shining on him. “Sorry!” I run over to the curtains and pull them closed. 
He laughs softly. “It’s okay. I’m fine.”
I put my hands on my hips and look around. “Well, this is it. You can take my bed if you want. I mean, the couch is not too comfy and I’m used to it so I can just sleep there.”
“It’s fine. I’m fine, I promise.” He smiles at me. “I’ll take the couch.”
“Do you have any work you want to get done? I bet you’re not used to sleeping during the day. You don’t have any of that stuff you took last night to work on?”
He rubs his neck and looks away from me. “Uh, no. I think I’m too tired.”
I smile. “Well alright. Um, I’m gonna go ahead and lay down then. I have another night shift tonight. The place is yours. Feel free to get some food or drink or anything you like.” I speak fast and nervously. 
He smiles. “I think I’m actually going to shower if that’s okay.” 
“Yeah, of course. Right through there.” I point to the bathroom. 
“Alright.”
We smile at one another before he leaves to the bathroom. 

I try to lay down a few minutes later, but I can’t. I don’t feel tired, not with this cute little man in my apartment, and he’s nice, too. The guy seems perfect. Skip lays in bed with me and licks my face. 
“Thank you, buddy, thank you,” I say to my dog. I push him aside and sit up. 
I can hear the shower water running from the bathroom. 
I walk out of the bedroom and go to the kitchen. I get myself a glass of water and drink the entire thing down. My back is turned to the bathroom door, and I don’t hear it open. 
I set the glass on the counter and then turn around to head back towards my bedroom, only to find that Gilmar has left the bathroom and gone to his bag to get some underwear. 
He’s standing there, naked, holding a tiny pair of boxers in his hands. His body is lean and fit. He’s got tanned skin from head to toe, and his cock is half erect and hanging beautifully in between his slim legs. I can’t help but stare and drool over him for a moment. 
He freezes when I catch him running through my apartment naked. 
“Oh shit,” he finally says. “Sorry.” His tanned face turns red as he covers his privates with the small pair of boxers. 
I can’t help but laugh. I lick my lips and smile at him. “It’s okay.”
“I just, had to get something to put on after.” He stands still. 
“I understand,” I say calmly. 
I would’ve thought he would just walk back to the bathroom and that would be the end of it, but instead he stands still and we stare at one another. My eyes roam freely over his body, and he knows that I’m staring at him. I see him lick his lips, and then he bites his bottom one. 
“You’re a good looking guy, Gilmar,” I say. 
He gulps. “So are you.” He shakes his head. “I mean uh, thanks.” 
I laugh a little. “Well don’t you have to shower?”
“Oh yeah, right.” 
He walks forward and I step out of his way. 
Right before he gets into the bathroom, his boxers slip out of his hand. Right before me, I see his beautiful, fully erect dick. He panics and yanks his boxers up off the floor and holds them over his dick. 
“Whoa, sorry about that,” he says. He looks up at me, embarrassed. 
I take a step forward to him. “Why? Why are you so sorry?”
“Be-because,” he stutters. He can’t take his eyes off mine. “Because I’m hard, man. That’s weird, right?”
I take another step forward. “No, not at all.”
Our bodies are standing within inches of one another. 
I look down. “You don’t have to be embarrassed about anything.” 
I look back up into his eyes. I move my hand up and lightly grab the edge of his boxers. I pull them away, and he lets me take them out of his hands on drop them on the floor, leaving him exposed. I look back down and see his cock throbbing, pulsing, bobbing a little up and down. 
“That’s a beautiful dick, man,” I say to him. 
I put one hand on my crotch, feeling my growing cock through my pants. 
I hear him breathing shallowly and quickly. 
I put my other hand on his hip and pull him a little closer to me. His skin is hot and I feel goosebumps on him. 
Without thinking, he puts his hands up on my arms. His face leans up towards mine, his eyes close, and his lips part. 


CHAPTER TEN


GILMAR

Holy shit! Holy shit! 
My body feels like it’s on fire while Leo puts his hands on my skin. My cock is throbbing already and the rest of me is trembling. 
Our lips meet one another and my eyes fully close. His lips are soft on mine. I’ve never kissed a man before, and it feels incredible. Every nerve ending in me is firing and my body is filled with excitement. 
He puts both hands on my hips and pulls me up against him. My body brushes against his clothes; my hard cock rubs up against his waist. 
Our lips pull back from one another. 
“Fuck,” I breathe. 
He smiles at me. “I’ve been wanting to do that since I first saw you.” 
“Look,” I say nervously. “I – I’ve never done this before. Not with another man.”
He nods. “I figured. It’s okay. We don’t have to go fast, and we don’t have to do anything you don’t want to.” His voice is insanely seductive and gives my eardrums a fucking orgasm. I also hear the shower water running, and I don’t know what comes over me, but I say without thinking, “Get in the shower with me.” 
He bites his lip. I feel his cock, through his pants, against my lower stomach. It twitches when I tell him to join me under the water. 
“Hell yeah,” he whispers.
We walk into the bathroom.  
The steam is already gathering in the bathroom as Leo closes the door behind us. 
I stand still and awkward. I don't know what to do with my hands, and I still feel uneasy being naked and erect in front of another man. And yet it's fucking thrilling. My cock is pulsing in the rush of the moment as I watch Leo strip his clothes off. 

He's a muscular guy, even more buff than what I originally thought. He takes off his shirt, and I see his glorious, defined torso and chiseled chest. He has fine hairs along his skin. The steam settles on his skin and he glistens. 

He smiles at me, knowing that I'm loving watching him undress before me. 
"Are you okay?" he asks. 

I blush. I must look really stupid just standing there and gawking at him. 

He teases me by slowly unbuttoning his jeans. He slowly pulls down his zipper and I see the top of his pubic hair as he's not wearing underwear. 

"Have you ever seen another man naked?" he asks. 

I bite my lip. "Yeah, but not with a uh -"  I look down at my hard cock. 

"An erection?" he asks. 

I nod. 

He smiles. "So you've never been with a man?" 

I shake my head. 

"Are you ready to?" 

I take a deep breath. "Yes." 

He bends over and I see the top of his hairy, manly muscle butt. He pulls his jeans down and steps out of them. When he leans back up his cock sticks up, curving upwards. It's a thick, tan colored piece of meat that looks about eight inches long, and my mouth immediately starts watering for it. It's smooth along its shaft, but he has a trimmed bush of pubic hair around the base. I can see his smooth balls, and they look are big as golf balls in between his legs. He's the sexiest fucking thing I've ever laid my eyes on. 

"Like what you see?" he asks. 

I look up at his face. My heart and brain are racing. I nod. 

He walks forward. I stand still and my body trembles. 

"Don't be afraid," he says gently. He puts his hands on my sides just under my ribs. "We won't do anything you don't want to." 

He leans into me and puts his lips on mine. 

The steam is making the bathroom hotter and sweat forms on my body and on his. 

I put my hands on his biceps and squeeze and press my body up against his. Our cocks rub against one another. It feels fantastic. I start grinding against him and grab at his back and pull him against me. I want more and more of him with every second. 

He starts kissing me aggressively. He pushes his tongue into mouth and wiggles it around mine. It's a wet, passionate kiss. He puts his hands on my back. One hand runs down my back, and then I feel him squeeze my right butt cheek into his big palm. 

He groans with a handful of my ass cheek. "Fuck, that's a nice ass, Gilmar." 
His deep voice is driving me crazy and making my body hot for him. 

We stop kissing each other. Our mouths go to each other’s necks. We lick and kiss one another's skin. I can taste the salt of his sweat and smell his musk. He lifts up my arm and licks along the edge of my arm pit, something I've never thought of before. The sensation feels great. 

With his other hand he begins fondling my cock and balls. He maneuvers his hand underneath my sack and feels my swollen, hairless taint. I spread my legs a little, giving him as much access as he wants. 

His fingers glide along the underside of my ass crack, a sensation that makes me quiver. 

"Fuck," I moan into his ear. 

"Yeah," he groans. "Want me to play with your hole?" 

I know instantly what he's talking about. The idea of another man, especially an alpha male like Leo, toying with my tight ass makes me ooze precum like crazy. 

"Yes!" I groan. "I want you to play with it!" 

He smiles. He reaches both hands behind me and squeezes both of my ass cheeks. I feel his hard, huge dick rubbing against my stomach. 
"Let's get in the water," he says. 

He pulls back the shower curtain and practically throws me under the hot water. My body is electrified with excitement. 

He steps under the water and pushes me up against the tile wall. He presses his lips against mine and we make out. I feel the stubble on his face against my skin. 

"Stroke my cock," he says. 

I reach down and savor the moment of the first dick I've ever felt in my hand that wasn't my own. It feels even thicker than it looks. I wrap my palm around it loosely and work his shaft up and down. He pants and groans. 

I reach underneath his cock and cup hi huge balls into my hand. 

"You like that dick?" he asks. 

I nod and breathe heavily. 

"You're so fucking sexy, Gilmar," he whispers. 

He spins me around and pulls my hips backward. He makes bend forward and put my hands on the wall. 

I hear him moaning in pleasure while he gets a good look at my round, tan ass. 

"Fuck," he whispers. 

He spanks me and it gives me a rush of sharp pain and exquisite pleasure. I yelp and moan. 
"You like that?" he asks. 
"Yeah," I whimper. "Spank me again!" I beg. 
He smacks my ass cheek again, this time harder. Then he grabs my ass cheek in a firm grip and jiggles it. 
“You work out, Gilmar?” he asks. 
I’m breathing heavily. I nod. “Yeah.”
“It shows. This ass is fantastic!” He spanks me again. I fucking love it. My eyes are half closed while he rakes his hands up and down my back again. 
He backs away, and I feel the hot water running down my back and in between my ass cheeks. I turn my head around to see him getting onto his knees behind me. The water is running over his face. What is he going to do?
He grabs each of my ass cheeks and spreads them apart. He exposes my hole completely to him. I’m so enthralled in the moment that my body stiffens and my asshole puckers at him. 
“Fuck, that’s a pretty little hole,” he moans. 
He gathers some of the hot water from the shower into his mouth and then spits it out directly onto my hole. I feel the warm sensation and my body tingles. My fingers clench against the tile of the shower wall. 
He gently bites my left ass cheek and pulls the skin back. Then he licks the very top of my crack. 
“I’m going to lick your asshole, okay?” he asks. 
I nod quickly. “Okay. Do it!”
Seconds later, I feel the very tip of his tongue circle around my rim. It makes my body quiver and cock ache with lust. I feel the bristles of his stubble against the inside of my ass cheeks, and without I thinking I push my ass back against him. My hole is begging for more attention. 
I hear him laugh. 
“Boy, you really like that, huh?” he asks. 
I nod. “Yes sir. Keep going. Lick my hole!”
He circles my rim, but he presses his tongue tip harder against me. Then he flattens his tongue and gives me one good, hard lick from the bottom of my taint to the top of my asshole. It makes me whimper and push my ass back against his face. He does it again. I can barely stand up. 
Then he buries his entire face into my ass and I feel his tongue plunge inside me. My mouth opens and my eyes rolls back into my head in ecstasy. 
“Fuck!” I moan loud. 
His tongue wiggles around my rim while the tip of it is lodged into my puckered little ass. 
He pulls his head back and grunts. “Yeah, that ass tastes good!” He spanks me, and then he puts his face back in between my cheeks and I feel his hungry tongue taste more of me. 
I start wiggling back and forth. I push my ass against his face. I want his tongue deeper inside me. I want more of him inside my hole. My cock is starting to pulse and my balls draw up inside me. I feel the bottom of his chin pressing against my taint while I put more weight down onto his face. When he grunts his lips and tongue vibrate and it makes the sensation against my ass and taint that much more enjoyable. 
“Fuck,” I moan. “Leo, you’re going to make me cum!” 
This makes him eat me faster, harder. He grabs my hips and pulls them down onto him so he can get more of my backside against his mouth. 
“Oh fuck!” I whimper. 
I look down and my body pulses. My cock starts to rock up and down and cum jets out of me and splatters against the shower wall. It’s so intense that I lose my balance and fall down. 
Leo catches me before I hit the floor. He holds me. He reaches around and strokes my aching cock. He squeezes a few more drops of cum from me while I hold onto his bulging arms. He kisses the back of my neck. I turn my head so I can kiss his lips and let his tongue back into my mouth. 
“Are you okay?” he asks with a smile. 
I laugh. “I’m fucking great.”
I feel his hard cock underneath me in between my butt cheeks. “That felt awesome.”
“I’m glad you liked it,” he says. 
I reach underneath me and feel the underside of his shaft. I rub my hand along it and relish in the sound of his heavy panting as I stroke him in between my palm and my ass cheeks. 
“Do you like stroking my dick?” he asks. 
“Yes sir,” I say. 
“Come on,” he says. “I think we should go the bedroom.”

We get out of the shower and dry off. The whole time I’m smiling and still gawking at his awesome body. 
“So you’ve never had your ass played with?” he asks. 
“I’ve fingered myself sometimes,” I say. “But no one’s ever touched it before. Well until now.” 
He smiles. “They’re all missing out.”
He takes my hand and guides me across the living room and into the bedroom. He shuts the door so the dog won’t come in. 
I look down and see his cock. It’s still rock hard. The man can probably last all night with a hard on. 
“Do you want to suck my cock?” he asks. 
I gulp. I do – I really do want to just slide his thick dick into my mouth and pleasure him, but I’m nervous. Hesitantly I nod. “I’ve never done it before, though.”
He guides me to the bed and we stand in front of it. 
“That’s okay,” he says. “There’s a first time for everything. Get up on the bed.”
I climb onto the bed and stay up on my knees on the edge in front of him. 
He grabs me and kisses me. “Stroke my cock.” 
I put my hand on his cock and move up and down along his shaft. 
“That feels good,” he says. “Now, bend over and face me.”
I look him in the eyes. I back away a foot and then bend forward until his cock is staring me right in the face. 
“Open your mouth,” he says. “I’m going to slide my cock into it and show you the motion of how to suck it.”
My cock is already hard again. His dick is beautiful and I can’t wait to feel it on top of my tongue and at the back of my throat. I open my mouth and can barely stand the few seconds of waiting. 
“Are you ready?”
I nod excitedly. 
He moves his hips forward, and I watch the head of his massive prick approach my face. I line up my mouth, and then bam! I feel that thick piece of beautiful meat slide in between my wet lips and onto my tongue. I can taste the salt of his precum as his shaft slides into my mouth. 
“How’s that?” he asks. 
I move back and let his cock out of my mouth for a moment. “It’s fucking great!” Then I open my mouth and bob my head back onto his dick. 
“Alright,” he says. “Now close your lips around it and suck on it gently. Try not to let your teeth touch it.”
I close my lips around his shaft and then bob my head back and forth slowly while lightly sucking on him. I’m good at keeping my teeth off his cock, and the excitement I feel keeps my mouth watered. 
“Yeah,” he moans. “Yeah, Gilmar. That’s fucking good.”
I pull back to catch my breath, and a string of saliva stretches my tongue and to the head of his cock. Fucking beautiful. I put my mouth back around his shaft and suck some more. 
He starts thrusting slowly against my face and we get a rhythm going. I can’t believe it. I’m actually sucking another man’s cock! And it feels so damn good. 
He puts his hand on my back and runs them down to the top of my butt. I arch my back, inviting him to play with my exposed asshole again. He takes the invitation gladly and moves his fingers down to my ass. He wiggles two of them against my hole, making me moan with his dick hitting the back of my throat. 
He licks his two middle fingers, getting them wet. “I’m going to put two fingers into your ass, okay?”
I nod and moan a “yes.” 
I feel his fingers press against my hole, and then he pushes them inside me. For a moment there’s a sharp pain, but it quickly turns into a fast growing pleasure. His fingers stretch me as he wiggles them inside me. I feel the pressure against my prostate and this gives me a sensation unlike anything I’ve ever experienced. I start moving my ass back and forth against his fingers. 
I pull his cock out of my mouth and catch my breath. “Fuck, that feels good, Leo!” 
He pulls his fingers out and licks them again. He licks his pointer finger and then sticks three fingers back into my hole and stretches me some more. 
“Fuck!” I cry out. “That’s so fucking good!”
He’s making me fucking crazy. I’ve never felt this way, never felt this turned on. My cock is rock hard and twitching. I wrap my palm around his dick and stroke him fast. He grunts and pants. I know he wants to fuck my ass, and I want him to fuck my ass, too! 
He pulls his cock up and moves forward. I know immediately what to do. In the haze of the passion I flatten my tongue against his balls and lick them vigorously. 
“Yeah, Gilmar, yeah. Lick my balls.” 
I’m hungry for all of him. 
He reaches forward and smacks my ass. 
I lean up and kiss him. I bury my tongue down his throat and grab his face and pull it hard against mine. I want this man more than anything. 
“I want you to fuck me,” I whisper. “I want your cock in my hole, Leo.” 
“Turn around,” he commands in a harsh voice. 
Turned on beyond all control, I spin around. He pushes me down onto the bed and I cling at the sheets. I bite some of them in my mouth as he spreads my cheeks apart and spits and licks my asshole. I spread my legs as far apart as they go. I’m staining his sheets with my precum. 
He stands and whacks his cock against my ass cheek. “I’m going to put it in slowly.”
“No,” I say before I think. “Just fuck me hard, Leo. I want you to wreck my ass!”
He groans in pleasure. He spits down onto his cock and rubs his lube along his shaft. He lines it up against my hole, and then with a sharp thrust he jams his huge dick all the way inside my hungry ass. 
My eyes widen and my body stiffens. There’s the quick pain again, but my ass gladly welcomes his dick and I feel my hole practically fucking hug his amazing cock. “Fuck!” I scream. “Oh fuck yes!”
“Is that what you want?” he roars. “You want that fucking dick?”
“Yes!” I whine. “Yes, Leo! Fuck me hard! Come on! Fuck my ass!”
He pulls back and then thrusts hard into me again. My ass is on fire for him. My hands squeeze the sheets so tight I might tear them. I bite the sheets in my mouth and cry in ecstasy. My cock is unbelievably hard. “Fuck me!”
He pulls back and then starts fucking me good and hard. In and out and in and out. His cock slides easily into my tight hole and stretches me out. It’s the best fucking thing I’ve ever felt in my life. The freedom of being naked with another man and letting him fuck my hole – I’ve never felt more right. 
“Your ass is so fucking tight!” he roars. “Fuck yeah!” 
“Yeah, fuck it!” I want him to dominate me, to take me and use me in every way he wants. 
He must be able to read my mind. He puts his hand on the back of my head and shoves my face down into the sheets while ramming my ass. He leans over me. I can see his one hand holding his weight up off of me. The veins and his forearm muscles are showing and turning me on further. What a fucking man! 
He pulls out of me and gives me a break from the hard fucking me. He grabs me by my hips and flips me over to face him. He holds my legs up and apart and jams his cock back inside me. He thrusts furiously into my hole. 
“Oh fuck yes!” I cry. 
“Stroke your dick!” he commands.
I grab my rock-hard cock and start yanking it. In no time I feel like I’m ready to explode again. It’s more intense this time as I feel his thick cock pounding against my prostate. My cock explodes. Cum shoots onto my stomach, my chest, onto the bed, behind me onto headboard. When I push my shaft forward some cum shoots onto his stomach. 
“Yeah,” he says. “Yeah, shoot your fucking load, baby!” 
I let go of my cock and enjoy the continued sensation of my ass getting slammed. I run my hand along his stomach and his chest. He growls and grunts louder and louder. He fucks me harder. Then with one final slam he thrusts deep into me and I feel his cock pulse around my ass. I feel the shots of warm cum filling me, and there’s a lot of it. 
He pulls out and his cum drips out of my hole. 
He collapses on top of me, barely keep his weight off of me with his forearms. 
We kiss passionately, and when our bodies begin tire we keep kissing softly and gently. 
“That was amazing,” he says. 
The haze wears off and I come back to being surprised at my own actions. “Yeah, it was,” I whisper. 
“And you’ve never been fucked before?” he asks.
I shake my head. “Never.” 
“You’re really good at taking it,” he says. 
I smile. “Well you’re really good at giving it.” 
He rolls over, and in moments we fall asleep next to one another. 

Will Leo catch Roderick before he can flee? Will Gilmar confess he’s helping the prime suspect to his new lover? Who really framed Roderick Anderson for murder? 

Dangerous Seduction Part 2 is available now. 

