























This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 


DARE TO BLEED
© 2012 Mary

ISBN: 978-1475172065

Cover Design by: Matthew Riggenbach shaedstudios.com/

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced electronically or in print without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied for reviews.

Published by: Mary Whitten

First Printing: May 2012











Dare To Bleed

By

Mary Whitten









Chapter One

The work week was over, and I had nothing better to do on Friday night than stand in line at the gas station. My daily ritual includes heading over to the same 7-eleven to pick up the paper for my mother. I think anyone who reads the paper, watches the news or wastes their time trying to stay informed on celebrity drama is nosey, and my mother is their queen.
I love my mother to death, but most days she drives me crazy. When I was growing up, we couldn’t even go into Wal-Mart without everyone in the store knowing who we were and everything about us. It’s pretty embarrassing when strangers somehow know everything about you, including the time you decided to skinny dip in January and came down with pneumonia. I’ve become an expert at ignoring people. My childhood consisted of some serious prying freaks, which has turned me into an antisocial, heartless bitch. Well maybe not that bad.
So I was adding feeling sorry for myself to my list of Friday night activities, along with standing in an unusually long line for a newspaper. Someone in the front of the line was arguing with Billy the cashier about the price of cigarettes. I could never understand why people smoked in the first place but I had to agree with this douche bag, I didn’t see why they were so expensive.
 Annoyance built within me as I waited and listened to them argue. It’s not like the cashier controls the prices. 
“Hey, dumbass,” someone said from behind me, causing me to jump. “If you have a problem with the price of cancer take it up with Congress. Billy doesn’t give a shit.” 
The jerk at the counter gave the scariest ‘go to hell’ look. I stepped to the side in case a fight broke out. Cigarette Boy opened his mouth like he was going to say something, but took one look at the fella and decided it would be best to not argue. He snatched up his cigarettes and stormed out. 
Everyone in line give a giant sigh of relief. I thought about applauding. 
“Thanks, I was about to throw something at that guy if he didn’t shut up,” I said, turning around to look at the guy. He was absolutely stunning, and literally took my breath away. He had dirty blond hair parted down the center of his head that reached his jaw line. I immediately imagined running my hands through his silky locks. His skin, which looked soft to the touch, had a nice even complexion. And his eyes! His bright blue eyes were the color of the sky on a beautiful spring day and sparkled like diamonds. He had big, beautiful, pouty lips that made me want to marry this stranger, if only to make beautiful children. His body was solid muscle. He looked like a heart breaker, which happens to be my type. 
“No problem. Glad I could help,” he said. 
I smiled at his politeness. I’ve learned that most people who yell at others for doing stupid things tend to lack manners, myself included. 
I felt myself staring and quickly turned back around. What the hell was wrong with me? I had to check to make sure I wasn’t drooling. My heart was racing with excitement. I looked around, trying to distract my mind with anything besides the man standing only a few inches behind me. Snickers were on sale. I’m usually good about self-control but today I’d had a tough day at work. 
I am a 911 operator, probably the worst one ever. Usually my days were pretty slow, but today I’d received some of the worst calls since I started a few months ago. I couldn’t make anyone happy, like I should be able to stop the bleeding over the phone with my mind. 
As if my day couldn’t get any worse, the door chimed and in waltzed my arch nemesis. Vicky graduated high school with me five years ago. We also graduated kindergarten together. I’ve had to deal with her as long as I can remember. She beat me at every contest we’ve entered together and still rubs it in my face any chance she can.
She was slightly taller than my 5’5”, much thicker around, which of course meant her boobs and butt were bigger. She had long straight black hair that moved dramatically, thanks to her strut. She was wearing black tights that showed every dimple in her fat ass. Her leopard print shirt was made for a two year old, and those shoes…well, actually, I liked the shoes. But still, I hated her guts! 
I tried to avoid her like the plague and would have missed her if that idiot hadn’t been so cheap and just bought the cigarettes. I didn’t think she was prettier than me but in the seventh grade she did beat me out of the homecoming queen crown. In my defense, I would have won if the entire class hadn’t learned of my pneumonia accident. 
I am a normal looking girl; I guess you could say I’m pretty. Long, wavy strawberry blond hair, blue eyes and a nice figure, I get hit on by guys every now and again. I also avoid men like the plague.  I’m not a lesbian, but my past has taught me that men are the scum of the earth and can’t be trusted.
 “Why if it isn’t little miss Emmy McPimmie” Vicky snapped. Her giant gold hoop earrings swung back and forth as she spoke. 
I rolled my eyes. My name is Emily Sullivan, and most people call me Emma or Em for short. For some reason, Vicky has called me Emmy McPimmie, since the third grade. Maybe she thinks it’s insulting. Everything that comes out of her mouth is an insult, so I’m used to it. I would never let her know she gets to me. That would just add fuel to the fire. 
I felt my face turning red. I groaned and kept my eyes forward and tried to ignore her. 
“Well, aren’t you mouth-watering? The name’s Vicky Kenner,” she said to the stranger behind me with her thick country accent. 
I felt like vomiting. He was hot and about to be swept off his feet by none other than slutty Vicky. So, I’m not as creative with insults as she is, sue me. I got up to the register just in time. 
“Hey, Billy. How’s it hanging?” Like I said, this was a ritual and Billy was the regular cashier working nights. We knew each other pretty well. 
“Had a tough day, Emma?” Billy asked. Guess my face said it all. I have always been told that I am easy to read. 
“Getting worse by the minute, thanks.” I handed him my money and smiled. Billy was a nice guy. He was short and chubby, the kind of geek that you would see at a comic book convention, complete with severe acne. He always remembers my birthday and every year gives me a card. He was a real sweetheart, one to take home to Momma. 
He handed me my change. “See ya tomorrow.” 
I gave him a wink and turned to leave. I ran straight into Mr. Wonderful. It almost looked as if he had been smelling my hair as I checked out. My stomach jumped at the thought.
“Sorry,” he said, looking slightly embarrassed. I just smiled at him as I turned away.  
Vicky scoffed, and it ruined the moment. I rolled my eyes and walked out to my black Nissan Rogue and got in. I turned the key and the music about busted my ear drums. I quickly turned it down and banged my head on the steering wheel. My life was going down the drain. I was glad I’d fought the urge to speak to the guy. It’s not that I’m shy. It’s just that me and men do not mix well together. It started with my own father and ended with every man I’ve ever dated.  
A tap on the window made me jump and brought me back to reality. The 7-eleven wasn’t in a dangerous neighborhood, but it was becoming dark out and that’s when all the creeps come out to play. I looked up to see the guy from line standing outside. I rolled my window down and smiled. 
“Geez you scared me,” I said, and he suddenly looked embarrassed again. I am so awkward. 
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to. You forgot your chocolate on the counter.” He shook his head and handed me my Snickers.  
“Oh, thanks. That would have made for a very disappointing night,” I said humorlessly, taking the candy bar from him. Our fingers touched, and his skin was ice cold. Chills rushed up my hand and through my arm. My lungs refused to work properly in his presence. A strange feeling rushed through me.    
“Glad I could make your night,” he replied, which made me smile. Was he actually flirting with me? 
“My name is Ezra, by the way. Ezra Boyd.” He put his hand out. I was almost afraid to touch him again, given the strange reaction his touch provoked a moment ago, but to avoid being rude I took his cold hand in mine. Maybe he’d been holding ice cream in the line. That would explain his annoyance with the hold up.  
“The name’s Emma Sullivan. Well, Emily, but most people call me Emma or Em.” 
He gave me a strange smile for a moment and looked back at the store. 
“I thought your friend said your name was Emmy McPimmie?” he asked making me think of nasty Vicky. Gag. I fought back embarrassment.   
“Oh, Vicky. She calls me that because she’s mentally unstable, if you know what I mean. I feel so bad for her that I let her think that’s my name,” I explained sarcastically. 
On cue, Vicky walked out of the store. She gave me a stupid look and threw her arms in the air, as if to say “What?” It was quite comical and went perfectly with what I had said. 
Ezra looked at me, and we both laughed. He seemed like a charming guy, after all. And for the first time ever, a guy who was interested in me had not slept with Vicky. 
“Well, I have somewhere to be, but would you like to get together sometime, maybe have dinner?” he asked, studying his shoes. His proposal completely caught me off guard. I didn’t understand how someone so attractive could be so shy.  
“Yeah. Of course. Here, let me get you my number,” I answered, still in shock. 
He looked up, and our eyes met. We stood taking each other in for a moment.  He smiled and handed me his phone. I typed my number in and handed it back. 
“I can’t remember if the rule is two or three days to call so I’ll call you sometime this week,” he said. 
I laughed at his honesty. I like people who say what they are thinking. No need to guess and try strain your nonexistent psychic abilities. We said our goodbyes and left knowing we would talk again soon. 
I turned into my mother’s driveway and parked. She lives in a quiet neighborhood, not like the ones with a bunch of annoying kids or stray dogs, which is a good thing. The first unlucky boy who stepped on my mother’s lawn would end up castrated. 
I let myself in and walked straight to the living room. She was watching the news in her beat up recliner. Her furniture was from the 70’s—that old yellow floral print. She had on her grandma night gown and pink slippers. Her messy gray hair made her look like she belonged in the looney bin. 
“Hey, Ma.” I gave her a kiss on the cheek. 
“Mr. Londin down the street had a heart attack,” she replied, her eyes still locked on the nightly news. Most people would consider this rude, but that’s just Mom. I understood her. “Of course he drank like a sailor and never went to church so he had it coming.” 
As much as I knew she was wrong, my mother is the only person in the world I refuse to disagree with. She went through eighteen hours of labor to have me. She at least deserves that much. 
Something on the news caught my interest. Curiosity got the best of me as I started watching. 
“The victim was a 24 year old college student who resided in the Magnolia State Apartments,” the news anchor stated. Holy crap! That was my apartment building. Creepy. My mother glanced over, acknowledging that she was thinking the same thing. 
“She had two small puncture wounds, located on the left side of her neck. The autopsy will confirm cause of death. Memorial services will be announced at a later date.” 
“Hmm, wonder what someone stabbed her with and why?” I asked, feeling nervous. 
“Probably got bitten by a vampire.” My mother picked up her paper and started to read. 
I rolled my eyes. She watches too much TV.  
“Or probably one of those grilling forks that have two prongs,” I said, trying to ease my mind. I didn’t want my mother to know that I was pretty freaked out. She would tell the entire city, and then Vicky would never let me live it down. I felt a cold sweat coming on, and I knew my face was flushed, For the first time in my life I was glad the news was on. Nothing in the world could pry my mother away from her news at night. 
“Nah, sounds like a vamp to me. Eh, those bloodsuckers.”
I groaned, giving up the argument. I stayed for a little while longer and then decided to leave.  
The moon was shining high in the sky, pale light illuminated the road. The air was warmer than usual for an October night in Louisiana. Yet I couldn’t stop the shivers that had taken over my body. My stomach flipped violently, and a sour taste crept into my mouth. I had never felt fear in this way before.  I imagined my murder being reported on the news. At least my mom would have something to keep her in the center of attention for a while. 
I pulled up to my apartment building and hurried toward my door. I hit the button on my key to lock the doors. The noise sounded louder than usual, almost mocking me. The bushes rustled, and I ran up the stairs as fast as my legs would allow, but I was kind of out of shape and living on the third floor didn’t help. 
Getting the key into the lock while my entire body forcefully shook was quite an accomplishment. Footsteps sounded behind me. I gulped loudly, swallowing down threatening vomit.  My heart sank as a large warm hand pressed down on my shoulder. My life flashed before my eyes, and I screamed.   









Chapter Two

When the stranger grabbed my shoulder, my fight or flight reflexes went into full effect, and I was quite proud to learn that I am a fighter. I turned around and hit my intruder square in the chin. He went down hard, falling backwards to the ground. I turned my key and pushed the door open. 
As soon as I stepped through the threshold of my apartment, I slammed the door and threw the lock. I was finally able to breathe again. My heart was pounding out of my chest, and I was seeing stars. Not a good idea to pass out or throw up. For a moment I stood there catching my breath trying to find my cell phone within my purse. A soft knock sounded behind me, and I screamed again. 
“Um, I’m sorry I scared you,” said a muffled voice from the other side of the door. “I am your new neighbor, and I was just coming by to introduce myself.” 
I stood taller and looked out my peep hole. A pretty attractive guy was bent over, holding his jaw. He wore a collared polo and blue jeans, and he didn’t look like a killer. Then again, I’ve actually never met a killer before so how did I know.
“Which apartment do you live in?” I quizzed him, still apprehensive.  He turned around and pointed across the hall. I could barely see inside of the opened apartment.  I fought my embarrassment and opened the door. 
“What the hell are you doing, grabbing a girl in the middle of the night? Don’t you know someone got murdered today down the street?” I aggressively asked him.  I wasn’t trying to be mean but he scared the begeezus out of me. 
“Oh, I am so sorry. I didn’t know. I’m new around here. My name is Gavin Reynolds.” He looked embarrassed. I felt sorry for him. He was new, and I had hit him. What a great start. 
“I’m Emily. Emily Sullivan. You can call me Emma.” I shook his hand. “Well, this isn’t awkward or anything. Would you like to come in? I can get you some ice for your jaw.” I stood aside as he walked in, smiling. 
“So, Gavin, where are you from?” I asked, heading to the kitchen to get him some ice. 
“Boston. I received a business offer here that I couldn’t refuse.” 
I wrapped a few pieces of ice in a kitchen towel and handed it to him. He placed it on his jaw and closed his eyes. 
“Sorry about hitting you,” I apologized. “What kind of business are you here for?” I didn’t really care, I was just keeping up a conversation. He was buff. His biceps strained against the fabric of his shirt, and he was at least six feet tall. He had short dark hair, and his eyes were almost black. He had a major five o’clock shadow that was pretty sexy. I had to look away, afraid he would notice I was staring. 
“It’s construction. My dad owns the business. I just came back down to help him.” He stared at the melting ice pack. 
“The way construction goes around here, they can use all the help they can get.” I laughed. He looked slightly uncomfortable so I decided to change the subject. 
“So were you just staring out of your peep hole waiting all night for your mysterious neighbor to come home so you could meet her?” I asked. 
He laughed. “No, nothing like that. I’m not a stalker. I just heard you running up the stairs.” He handed me the ice pack. I walked over and threw it in the sink, then reached into the fridge and pulled out two beers. I popped the tops and handed him one, then plopped down on the couch. He followed and sat beside me. It was so weird that my awful day, which included seeing Vicky, ended with meeting two hot guys. 
“You said someone was murdered today? Where at?” he asked, taking a sip of his beer. 
“A girl here in our apartment complex,” I informed him. He sat so close to me I could smell his cologne. 
“Did they say how she died?” he questioned, taking another swallow from the bottle. 
“My mother thinks it was a vampire,” I admitted, laughing. 
He choked and started coughing. I patted his back to help. When he began to breathe normally again he seemed slightly paler than he was before. 
“Wow, your mom believes in that kind of stuff?” He laughed but for some reason it sounded forced. 
“She believes in a lot of things. We never hung lights on the house for Christmas because she was scared it would attract Aliens. ” 
He chuckled and seemed to relax. “She sounds interesting.”
“Interesting is an understatement. So what are your parents like?” I asked, curious to learn more about him. 
“Well, my mother worked two jobs and was gone a lot. She was a single mother so I didn’t see her too much growing up. My father left when I was two and I haven’t seen him since.” He frowned. 
“I thought you said you were here to work with your dad?” I asked, confused by his history. It was nice to know we had something in common. We both had dirt bag fathers.
“Uh… yeah, my stepfather,” he answered quickly. For some reason I found it hard to believe.
“I don’t know my father either, he left before I was born,” I admitted.     
We talked until nearly three in the morning. When he stood to leave, I stood with him and had to catch myself, I was slightly tipsy. 
“Do you think we could go out sometime?” he asked as I walked him out. I felt sort of confused. I really wanted to say yes, but I had already given my number out once that night and it seemed wrong to say yes to two guys so close together. What the hell, it was actually another day. 
“Sure, I would love to.” I replied, a feeling of shame came over me.  
He smiled and leaned in to give me a peck on the cheek. His soft lips on my skin sent shivers down my body. My breath caught in my lungs. 
“Um, good night, Gavin,” I said, smiling. 
“Sweet dreams, Emily,” he said as he turned and headed into his apartment. 

* * *

I had crazy dreams that night. I was being chased down a dark alley by a giant piece of BBQ chicken holding grilling utensils. I ran into a dead end and awaited death. Just before I was killed, Gavin and Ezra both came to save me. They double teamed the murderer and turned to me. I looked at them in awe and confusion. They were both so handsome, and I really didn’t know which one to kiss thank you. 
I woke up at about noon the next day with a severe hangover. I took a shower, did my makeup and attempted to do my hair. I finally gave up and put it up in a pony tail, then threw on some jeans, a t-shirt and tennis shoes. I drove out to the mall to do some therapy shopping. 
After a few hours of splurging, I had a few new outfits I would never normally buy. I bought two new pairs of high heels and decided to call it a day. I drove to the 7-eleven to get the paper for my mom. As always, Billy was behind the counter. I swear the guy never had a night off. 
“What’s up, Em?” Billy had attempted to spike his hair and used way too much gel. 
“Hey, Billy. How’s it going?” As I picked up Saturday’s paper and went to the fridge in the back, I heard the doorbell chime. 
“So you going to the Chevelle concert next weekend? I have an extra ticket,” Billy yelled. I wasn’t sure if he was asking me out or talking to whoever had just walked in so I ignored his inquiry and grabbed a six pack and brought it up front. I placed my things on the counter and went to pay. The door chimed again.  
Billy stared at me with undisguised anticipation. 
“Were you asking me?” I questioned. 
“Uh, yeah. You wanna go?” He looked uncomfortable. 
“Sorry, Billy. I actually have plans next weekend, plus I really can’t stand Chevelle. They sound like nails on a chalk board to me. Thanks for the offer.” I smiled, hoping I hadn’t crushed his ego. I paid for my things. 
“Yeah, no problem. I’m sure I can find someone who wants to go by then.” He handed me my change. 
What was up with all this manly attention lately?  It seemed like as soon as I started avoiding them, they were flocking to me. Not that I hated the attention, who wouldn’t like two gorgeous guys all over them, but Billy was just a friend. As badly as I felt for passing up the date, we didn’t have chemistry.  
“Really, thanks for asking, Billy! Sorry, I can’t go. I’ll see you tomorrow.” I felt horrible, like I had shattered his dreams. He just nodded at me and slightly smiled. 
I started out to my car and felt a strange presence watching over me. I looked up and found my stalker. Ezra was leaning against my car, smiling like he had just won an award. 
“You better not be stealing my car, I kind of fancy it.” I joked. 
He laughed. “Well, I was thinking about it, but then I thought you would never go out with me if I did.” 
He looked so amazing, and the moon shone brightly against his skin, I wanted to kiss him. 
“So what is the rule when you accidentally bump into each other on the second night?” I really wanted him to ask me out. 
“I don’t think it has ever happened, so I’m not even sure,” he teased. 
I opened the door to my car and put the beer down. “Have you eaten tonight?” 
He looked uncomfortable and taken aback for a minute. “Uh, yeah. I already ate.” 
Guess he didn’t want to hang out tonight. I felt kind of bummed, but really I had it coming to me. After all, just two minutes before I had rejected poor Billy, so I deserved it. 
“Would you like to see a movie instead? We can get you something to eat on the way,” he offered, surprising me. 
“Yes,” I almost yelled at him. Wow, I’m sure I looked like a desperate dweeb with a reaction like that. “I mean, sure. I have to drop this off at my mom’s house, if that’s cool with you,” I responded as I picked up the paper.  
“How bout I follow you and we can drop your car off at your place and ride together?”
I got butterflies thinking about being alone in a car with him. Where was all this luck coming from? 
“Sounds like a plan to me,” I responded as I got in my car. 
I drove to my mom’s and parked in the driveway. I kept the car running and told Ezra to wait outside. I definitely didn’t want my mother to scare him away before our first date. I threw the paper on the table and gave her a quick peck on the cheek. I couldn’t stop smiling. 
“Whoa, where are you going so fast?” she asked, looking up from the TV. 
“I have a date waiting outside for me,” I replied, trying to leave as fast as humanly possible. 
“You know in my day, the dates came inside to meet the parents before they went out.” 
I rolled my eyes. She was so old fashioned. I’m only twenty two, but my mother had me when she was almost forty so sometimes people think she’s my grandmother. 
“Well, thankfully we aren’t in that day anymore, because he’s not coming in tonight,” I stated dryly. 
 “Alright, well just be safe. Another girl from your apartment building came up missing. We got some vampires in the area,” she warned, shrugging. 
 I groaned and kissed her goodbye again. The drive back to my apartment was unnerving. I kept thinking about those two girls. One was killed and one was missing. Maybe I should stay with my mom for awhile. I quickly discarded the notion. I would rather be kidnapped. 
I made it to my house and headed over to Ezra’s car. He was driving a gorgeous silver BMW. He must be loaded. 
I poked my head in the car window on the passenger side and it still had a new car smell to it. “Let me run this beer up and throw it in the fridge and I’ll be ready.”  
I ran up to my apartment and shoved the beer in the fridge, then dashed in my room to check my face, run a brush through my hair and spray on some perfume. 
“Mmm, you smell good enough to eat,” Ezra said, giving me a sly smile when I climbed in his car. He put the car into reverse, and I put my seat belt on to hide my smile. His words made my body tingle. 
“That sounds like a line from a horror movie. I think rule number one in the dating handbook states no murder on the first date,” I joked
He gave me a sexy wink. 
Ezra drove like a bat out of hell. I really didn’t know if we would actually make it to the movies. As we squeezed into the parking spot furthest away from the theater, I thought about kissing the ground and thanking God I was alive, but I figured that would be a little too theatrical for a first date. Instead, I hopped out and headed to the ticket counter. 
I started walking beside Ezra. His hand brushed mine and made my heart skip a beat. I felt like a little kid in middle school as we started walking hand in hand. I couldn’t help but notice the touch of his skin was still so cold.  
I felt on top of the world, I got looks from every girl in the theater. We got some popcorn and a Coke Icee and found our seats. We engaged in some great conversation before the movie started and had great body language after it started. Each time his arm would rub mine I almost lost it. He made me understand what people meant by irresistible. 
Halfway through the movie, at exactly the quietest scene, Ezra’s phone started ringing. It made us both jump. On top of the evil looks we received, he was having a hard time getting it out of his slightly tight pants and he dropped it. He scrambled under his seat, trying to silence it. I was laughing hysterically. After that, we got through the movie just fine.
As we all filed out of the theatre, I couldn’t help but wonder if everyone stared because of the phone incident or because of my gorgeous date. We started walking to the car, laughing the entire time. It was really late, chilly and abnormally dark. Ezra must have read my mind, because he put his arm around me to keep me warm. His car was all alone in the back of the parking lot. 
He pulled me in close when we got back to his, wrapping one arm around my waist and lifting my face to his. As our lips connected, I literally felt fireworks. My blood seemed to be working overtime, rushing wildly through my veins.  I was worried he would hear my heart beating out of my chest.  
A loud click came from behind me, and Ezra wrenched away, looking over my shoulder.  
 Stunned, I stumbled away, sudden chills rushing through my overheated body as I saw the two men coming at us, aiming a gun at my head. Ezra had a look of pure hate on his face. He moved so quickly I didn’t realize he had shoved me, until I was on the ground. I didn’t feel anything, thanks to the adrenalin. 
I scrambled to my knees as one of the muggers landed on the ground beside me, blood pouring out of his neck and head. The other one was still wrapped in Ezra’s arms. To an onlooker it would seem like a tender moment, until Ezra snapped the mugger’s neck. 
It was either pass out or throw up, and since even in the middle of a bloodbath Ezra still looked sexy as ever, I chose fainting. My body went limp.










Chapter Three

I awoke to find myself in my own bed. The room was lit by a small lamp on my dresser. It was still dark outside. I didn’t know how long I had been out for. Ezra was sitting next to me. I sat up quickly, surprised that for being almost robbed at gunpoint and thrown against a car, I felt pretty good. 
“Ezra, you killed them.” I stated the obvious, feeling silly that I didn’t have anything more intelligent to say. 
“Sorry, I broke rule number one,” he joked. 
It took me a minute to catch on, but I wasn’t in the laughing mood after what had happened. I really didn’t know what to think, I had never seen anyone die before. I was probably still in shock. 
“You didn’t have to kill them. What the hell were you thinking? We need to call the cops,” I yelled, reaching for my cell phone on the night stand table. Ezra intercepted me and grabbed it first. Great, I met a killer and dated him. I had such bad luck. 
“Ezra, give me my phone,” I said through clenched teeth. I was still scared and fear of him was finally kicking in. My heart was racing. 
“I’m not going to hurt you, Emily.” His expression was soft. I really didn’t know this guy all that well, and I’m not a very trusting person to begin with. 
“I’m not going to wait to find out. Now give me my damn phone.” I lunged for him, but he moved too quickly and I fell out of bed onto the floor. Getting slammed into a car hadn’t even hurt this bad. I landed on my elbows and knees. I rolled over and rubbed my knees, squeezing my eyes closed. I’ve never understood why everyone closes their eyes when something hurts, maybe it’s involuntary. 
He pulled me up by my arm with his cold hands. I jumped to my feet and took off running for the front door. I felt him pass me as I sprinted to freedom. He was already at the door before I even got out of the bedroom. There was no way a human could run that fast. I started backing up. I just needed space between us. Maybe it was my mother putting silly thoughts in my head that made me believe he wasn’t normal, but I just had a bad feeling. 
“What the hell are you?” I asked him, scared to hear his answer. He looked around the room, as if looking for an answer himself. He shook his head and gave me a stare. In a flash, he was standing a foot away. I let out a scream and in a responsive reflex I punched him in the chest. 
He caught me off guard, unaffected by my hit. He stood like a statue. I had to shake the pain from my fist. It felt like I had punched a brick wall. At this rate, he wouldn’t have to kill me, I was going to end up killing myself. 
“If I tell you, will you please promise to calm down?” He sat on the bed, looking at his feet, as if he was embarrassed again. Oh lord, please let him tell me he’s a vampire. I can’t deal with another guy telling me that he’s gay. 
“Please don’t be gay,” I accidentally said out loud. I clamped my hands to my mouth and sat down beside him. Maybe it was the aftershock of everything that had happened, but I didn’t have any fight left in me.  
He had a slight smile on his face. “No, you had it right the first time. I’m not gay, and I am a vampire.” His smile disappeared. 
I couldn’t contain my laughter. Now I knew I was still in shock. This guy had killed two guys in front of me, moved abnormally fast and just told me he was a vampire. One of us was going crazy. 
“If you are a vampire, let me see your fangs.” My laughter stopped abruptly as his two canine teeth slowly grew. The room started spinning as I passed out. 

* * *

The sun was peeking through my windows when I opened my eyes. Either everything that happened was a really bad dream or I was really going mad. I was never so happy to see the sun before in my life. Sun meant no vampire. I gave an enormous sigh of relief as I rolled unto my back. 
I got up and went to the bathroom. I needed a long hot shower to clear my head. The water felt amazing. I noticed I had bruises on both knees so no dresses anytime soon. Tears stung my eyes. After everything that had happened, you wouldn’t think two little bruises would make me cry, but they did. Well, I really started crying because everything caught up to me. I had met this perfect guy, and he just happened to be a psychotic killer who believed that he was a vampire. I was thinking about everything we discussed as I dried off. I went back to my room to get dressed and it took me a minute to notice Ezra was sitting on my bed. I jumped so high I almost dropped my towel. 
“What the hell are you doing?” I yelled at him furiously. He only had pants on, no shirt. His bare chest distracted my train of thought. Why did I care that this beautiful man was half naked in my bed? Oh, that’s right, because he believes he is a vampire and he killed some dudes. I didn’t understand why he was shirtless but I did appreciate the six pack abs. 
“I was waiting for you to get out of the shower. I thought I would give you some alone time,” he said, matter of factly. 
I gave him a stupid look. “Well, glad to see you’re not a vampire anymore. At least we cleared up one of your outrageous convictions from last night.” I walked over to my dresser to find something to wear. I guess I should’ve still been scared but I gave it up. This guy wasn’t going anywhere, and if he was going to hurt me he’d had plenty of chances to do it. He just needed mental help. Maybe he and Vicky would be perfect together after all. 
“I am still a vampire. What makes you think I’m not?” He gave me a confused look. He was so thick, he couldn’t even see past his own mistake. The sun was out. Duh, vampires can’t be in the sun, moron. 
“Yes, we can. That is a silly legend. In fact, I’m not even sure how that rumor got started. We are the living dead. I’m not going to burst into flames or sparkle from the sun. That’s just insane.” He walked over and opened the curtain across the room, allowing the sun to shine upon his amazing chest.  
“I didn’t say that aloud,” I said, noticing the missing puzzle piece as my heart sped up. 
“I know, Emily. You really don’t know anything about vampires.” He closed the curtains and sat back on the bed. He looked me up and down and made me remember I was still dripping wet, standing in my towel. Feeling uncomfortable, I decided it was time for me to get dressed. 
“Do you mind? I need to change,” I demanded. 
Taking the hint, he gave me one last look before he quickly left. I swear he was smiling as he walked out. I shut the door behind him and locked it. Not like I could really keep a vampire out of my room.  I felt disgusted that he was actually trying to make me believe this crap. What an asshole. I wondered if this was all a setup. Maybe this was how he got girls. His two friends were in on it and last night was all an act. They weren’t really dead. Then he tells the damsel in distress that he is a vampire, most women’s fantasy, and they sleep with him. 
I wiped the thought away quickly.  Ezra was beyond hot, and he didn’t need a scam to get girls to sleep with him. All he needed was a pair of shorts on a hot day and a lawn mower. He’d have every girl in the parish bringing him lemonade and offering up their virginity. 
I pulled on a t-shirt and some running shorts and headed to the kitchen. Ezra was already cooking some eggs as I sat on a stool behind the kitchen counter. “I thought vampires didn’t eat food, they drank blood,” I said, poking fun at his foolishness. 
“We don’t eat food. This is for you,” he replied, seeming irritated. 
“Ok, so tell me about vampires then.” I decided maybe it was best to just play along. The guy clearly thought he was for real. He took his time answering as he spooned some eggs onto a plate. He grabbed a fork from the drawer and handed it all to me. I took a big bite, and it tasted delicious. I was starving and hadn’t even realized it. He had a smile on his face as if he knew he’d done well. Sure was a cocky bastard. 
“I told you I can hear your thoughts, yet you don’t guard them like you should,” he said as the smile disappeared from his lips. 
“Oh, dang. I really should have paid attention in Vampires 101 when we learned how to guard our thoughts from mind-reading blood suckers. That could’ve come in handy,” I replied sarcastically. 
He rolled his eyes. “Like I told you before, the sun doesn’t normally bother us. When we are full, we can walk in the sun. If a vampire is dehydrated, however, he can get what starts as a sunburn but gets worse and worse and eventually can lead to death. Crosses and holy water don’t bother us. I think that scheme was invented by the Church to provide peace to their people.  Whoever came up with garlic as a vampire killer was a moron. Let’s see, what else… oh yes, we can’t fly, but we can read human thoughts. I don’t sleep in a coffin, nor do I have the ability to control minds. There are some very old and powerful vampires that can control the minds of humans.” 
By the time he finished, my mouth was hanging open. He really had put a lot of thought into this. I’m sure he had used that line a few times before 
“Actually, you are the first human I’ve ever told,” he said as he turned to clean up the mess he had made from cooking. 
“Ok, Vampire Dude, if you can really read minds then I am thinking of a number between one and a million.” I thought of a bird flying in the sky. It’s not like he was going to actually guess a bird when he thought I was thinking of a number. If he was for real, he would say a bird. If he was faking, then he would probably come up with some excuse why he couldn’t guess right now. Like there was too much pressure on him or that my mind was suddenly cloudy. 
“You’re thinking of a bird and that if I was faking I would have come up with a good excuse to why I couldn’t guess your number. Are you satisfied now?” He continued to wipe down the counter. 
Holy shit, this dude was good. Maybe the bird thing was just a coincidence. Maybe all women think about birds for some reason. 
He slammed his hands down on the counter. “Dammit, Emily, What do I have to do to prove this to you?”
“Ok, ok, I believe you. You don’t have to be so cross. Ha, get it? Cross? Cause ya know vampires don’t like crosses or whatever.”
He actually seemed to calm down and smile. 
“So can you turn into a bat?” I asked him, believing him slightly more but keeping my humor. 
“That’s just silly. I can’t believe someone would even come up with that,” he answered. 
We both started walking to the living room and sat on the couch. Just the other day I was sitting here with Gavin. Ah, cracker jacks. I completely forgot about Ezra’s mind reading abilities. This would be an impossible pain in the rear end to have a real relationship with this guy. Plus I wasn’t forgetting about the two dead bodies that were… somewhere 
“Sorry, I uh… never met anyone who could read my mind, so things just kind of come out,” I apologized, embarrassed at the thoughts that kept crossing my mind. 
“I wouldn’t have said anything, Emily. Your private thoughts are none of my business. Just because I can hear them, doesn’t mean I would say anything or care,” he snapped, staring at his hands. 
Ouch. I guess I deserved that one. 
Never in my life had I ever played a guy, I was always the dumpee, and always seemed to walk in as the cheating was happening. Like with my last boyfriend, who decided he wanted to see other people, he just forgot to mention it to me before he banged a coworker. I happened to be surprising him with lunch one day when I strolled into his office. Seeing them both bent over his desk half naked is an image that is forever burned into my head. Yet here I was with two possible hotties. Unfortunately, the hot one I had at the moment could read minds. 
“I have stuff to do today so what are your plans with me?” I boldly asked. Even if he was a killer, at this point I really didn’t think he would ever hurt me. 
“What kind of things do you have to do?” he asked, staring me straight in the eyes like he was trying to read the answer on my face, even though he could just read my thoughts. This was becoming so complicated. I really didn’t have plans, and now he knew that. But I really just wanted time to myself to think. 
“I don’t have any plans. I just want you to leave,” I admitted. It was Sunday, and my mother was at church. I had already spent my allowance shopping yesterday. I could walk around the mall and spend my next paycheck. I would say I could clean house, but I hate cleaning. I would rather sit here with a murderer than clean. 
“Thanks for being honest. We need to talk first though,” he finally said.
Talking went in the same category as cleaning. I would rather poke myself in the eye with a hot knife. It always starts with talking, then becomes arguing, yelling and then screaming. Not fun, in my opinion. 
“I did kill those men, but you have to understand that I read their minds. They were going to shoot us both. I did what I had to do.” His expression stayed blank. 
I wish I could read minds. It would make life so much easier, and probably more interesting. I would so mess with people’s heads, like say things out loud that they thought and swear they had just told me or make them believe they were the mind reader. That would be enjoyable for about a day. 
I hadn’t even considered the fact that Ezra had known the robber’s intentions. Not that it made him killing them any easier to digest, but I guess if I had been in his shoes it would have been a tough decision. 
“Ok, then thanks for saving my life, can you leave now?” He was a completely sexy SOB, but I really didn’t feel like company. I had a lot of things to think over. Ezra sitting next to me topless was super distracting. 
He got up and headed to my bedroom. He came back a minute later, a shirt now covering those incredible pecks. I had to fight the urge to pout. Guess I had that coming. I didn’t say it out loud, so it didn’t really count. Topless was ok. I wondered if his perky nipples were permanent. Like maybe he was killed when it was cold so now they always stand at attention. 
“What the hell is wrong with you?” he almost yelled at me. 
I was so confused I couldn’t answer. I didn’t know what he was talking about. 
“You really don’t know what you want. Your mind is so confusing that even reading it is difficult.” 
Gee, thanks. I’m a girl. We are supposed to be difficult. I didn’t know what to say, was he expecting an apology? I felt like making a joke but thought it would be a better choice to shut my mouth. He really had a short fuse. I wondered if he was Italian before he was… turned. I think that’s the word they use.  I didn’t know if Italians were blond haired, blue eyed beauties. I thought they were usually dark complexion, with brown hair and eyes and usually live in Jersey. Maybe he was from New York—they’re usually yelling and making hand gestures or so I’ve heard.  
“Grrr.” He actually growled as he walked to the front door opened the door and slammed it behind himself. I wondered if I should lose his number. Wait…he never gave it to me. 
Even better.









Chapter Four

I wrote down a list of potential things to do and crossed off anything that cost money or had the word clean, rearrange or organize. Which left running. I am not an athletic person. I was really lucky to get a good figure with little effort. Every now and again I get that work out bug and feel like sweating. Sometimes I actually find running therapeutic. I feel like throwing up afterwards, but during a nice run I feel on top of the world.
I got dressed in some workout shorts and a tank top, grabbed my tennis shoes and laced them up. I plugged my ear buds in and stuffed them in my ears. Pressing play on my iPod, I locked up my apartment, walked to the track and threw my keys on the bench. Normally this town was fairly safe so I never had to worry about anyone stealing my keys and breaking into my apartment. I decided I still didn’t care. I had renter’s insurance, and I didn’t own anything too valuable. Although I would be heartbroken if a robber took my vibrator. 
I never bothered with warming up or stretching. If I did, I would chicken out and never run.  After a few minutes, I was completely calm, my mind was clear and I didn’t have a care in the world. James Morrison was singing to only me, his raspy voice is so sexy. Anything going on in my life can be cured by his lyrics. 
My apartment is right next to a lake, which has a walking trail that hugs the lake. It’s a beautiful area, and it wasn’t that hot outside, perfect day for a run. The humidity was also bearable. I got almost all the way around, I am pretty sure it was a mile and a half. 
I felt a hand on my shoulder and jumped. I ripped out my ear buds and stumbled to turn around. Gavin was laughing as he jogged in place behind me. 
“Don’t you ever learn your lesson?” I joked. I started walking on the trail. He slowed to a walk and kept up. 
“I guess not. How’s it going?” He was wearing running shorts and a tank. He wasn’t even sweating and made it look like this was a warm up. I knew my face was blood red, I was drenched in sweat and I was still trying to catch my breath. 
“Ah, you know. It’s going. You run here often?” I was so embarrassed. I knew I looked so horrible, thankfully I had reapplied some deodorant before my run so I didn’t have to worry about smelling too. 
I was happy to see him. After everything that had happened with Ezra, I didn’t realize how badly I just needed to be around a normal human. And it didn’t hurt that he was also smoking hot.
“Every day,” he replied as he fiddled with his iPod. 
“You want to make another round with me?” he asked. 
I really wanted to say yes so I could keep talking to him, but a mile and a half was a mile and a quarter too much for me as it was. I didn’t think I could make it a few more steps to my apartment. 
“Nah, you go ahead. I’ve already done my two laps,” I lied. I don’t know why I said it, guess I was just happy he couldn’t reach in my head, pull out the truth and call my bluff. 
“Brutal, ok see ya.” He gave me a wink and ran off. 
I have never been happier to see my apartment building. I struggled up the stairs, wrapping my ear bud cords around my iPod. I smelled cigarette smoke and heard knocking as I climbed the last set of stairs. When I got to my door, I noticed a chick at Galvin’s door. 
She was tall and very slender. I felt like I should really offer her a sandwich she was so skinny. She had four inch zebra print stilettos on, with black skinny jeans. Her black top had three buttons down the front. Her enormous boobs made her look like she might just topple over. 
I was just jealous. She was actually very attractive, probably a model. She continued to knock as I slowly put my key in the lock. I really wanted to say something but figured it wasn’t really my place. 
“Uh, excuse me,” she snapped. 
I turned around and looked at her. Was she really talking to me? She spoke as if I was her server at a restaurant and she was in need of a refill. She had a hand on one hip and the other on her cigarette. She was definitely talking to me. I couldn’t decide if I should be nice or walk over and slap her across her beautiful face. I settled on being nice, only because I was so tired from running I didn’t have the energy to walk over to her. 
“Can I help you?” I asked in the most bored voice I could come up with. 
She held her position. “Have you seen the guy who lives here lately?” 
I could really mess with her and say he’d finally left my apartment this morning after an amazing night of mind blowing sex, but then what if this was his sister? That would be awkward, plus can’t make a bad first impression on family. If this was his girlfriend she really did need to know that she was dating scum. 
“He’s running around the lake.” I decided I should just mind my own business. 
I unlocked my door and went inside, shaking my head. In one weekend, I had met two amazingly hot men and within the same weekend I had lost them both. I took a shower for the second time in one day to try and clear my head. I even cleaned up my bathroom, as a punishment for being so stupid. I gave up men for a reason, but the first attractive man to give me attention and I was ready to throw my ambition to the wind. 
I got dressed and grabbed my keys and purse. I walked down the stairs on a mission. Only one thing could heal my broken heart—shopping. I ran straight into Gavin and his… whatever she was. He had his arm around her shoulders and she had a look of pride in her eyes, confirming my fears. I wanted her to trip on her heels and roll down the three sets of stairs. I didn’t know if I was mad at the fact that he had kissed me while he was in a relationship or because he didn’t even look like he had just run three miles. He looked embarrassed as I squeezed by them in the stairwell. I walked as fast as I could to my car and beeped it unlocked. 
Gavin called my name just as I opened my door. I could either ignore him and attempt a quick getaway or I could endure more punishment.  He was already halfway to my car before I could decide. 
“Em, I just wanted to explain.” 
“It really doesn’t matter, Gavin,” I interrupted. “You don’t owe me any kind of explanation. We just met yesterday, it’s not like we’re dating.” I closed my door and started the car. 
He was still standing there, staring at me with a blank look. I had to admit I was disappointed. I felt like it could have worked between the two of us.  
I drove straight to the mall. I spent my entire paycheck on new clothes and new shoes. After I had shopped away my problems, I drove to the 7-eleven. I grabbed a paper and two tubs of Ben and Jerry’s Double Fudge Brownie ice cream. Now there are pair of men who truly understand women! I bet they are gay, that’s the only explanation. 
As my luck would have it, Ezra was in line. I needed to move, or at least change gas stations.  He checked out and left without even glancing in my direction. I didn’t care. I had been through enough. I quietly paid for my things and left. Billy must have noticed my ice cream and decided today was not a good day to talk. 
I opened the door to my car and almost sat down on a perfectly good Snickers candy bar. I looked around, but the parking lot was empty. I thought Ezra hated me. Why was he leaving chocolate in my car? After everything that had happened today, I didn’t have a care at that moment. I smiled and put my things in the front seat.  
I drove to my mom’s house. She was sitting in the same position I had left her in the night before. I would have to talk to her about getting out more. Thankfully, she was asleep so I dropped the paper on the table and left. 
When I got home, I ate an entire tub of ice cream for dinner as I watched PS I love you. I cried through the entire movie, and it felt great. After the movie, I crawled in the bed and fell asleep quickly. 
I woke the next morning feeling refreshed but sore. I could barely get out of bed. I wonder if this is what old age feels like. 
I got to work with two minutes to spare. Harold, my boss, was sitting up against an enormous clock. He had a clipboard and a sharpened number two pencil, jotting down notes as we all piled in. 
Harold was the biggest dweeb in the entire world. You know those movies that make fun of nerds? That’s Harold, always dressed in mismatched clothing, a pocket protector in his left breast pocket and thick glasses. He has flaming red chaotic hair that never seemed to know which way to part. He was extremely awkward and very rude. Every day he gave me a reason to punch him in the face. I had to fight the urge because I needed the job and it paid my bills as well as my shopping obsession.
I got to my desk, plugged my head set in, opened up my email and sorted through the spam. Harold cleared his throat, and I looked over at him. He was staring at me, pointing at his wrist as if to say I was late. 
My phone beeped to let me know I had a call. 
“911, what’s your emergency?” I greeted the caller. 
“Help, my daddy was eaten by a gator,” a girl with a deep country accent screamed into the phone. It actually sounded like, “Halp, my diddy was ate’n by a gator.” I put my head in my hands and prayed for the day to hurry up and end. 
By lunch, I’d had two alligator attack phone calls, and I received a compliment that I had a sexy voice. He even asked if I wanted to switch jobs to become a sex phone operator. I respectfully declined, although I seriously thought about it for a few minutes. I was always envious of strippers. They have such confidence. I could barely stand to be naked by myself in the shower every day. 
I left work late, so I didn’t have to listen to Harold. He was early every day but don’t ask him to wait even a minute late. No siree, he needed to get home and play World of War Craft. I decided to give my regular 7-eleven one more chance. If it failed me, I would never go there again. 
I pulled in and turned off the ignition. I was checking my phone as I walked in, and saw that I had a text from my best friend, Kimmy. ‘Yo ho, call me’ is all it read. I would have to call her when I got back to the car. 
I met Kimmy a few years ago, during my attempt to be a normal person. I was doing a semester at the local community college and Kimmy introduced me to the amazing world of skipping. Needless to say, we had a lot of entertaining times together and both flunked out. We stayed friends and never went back. She’s now a hairdresser and a mighty fine one at that. She is always getting into trouble and makes the most inappropriate comments. But when I’m with, her we never stop laughing. She’s my soul mate, My unfortunate luck is that she is a girl.
Kimmy has the most beautiful long brown curly hair I have ever seen, I was always jealous of her hair. She has big brown eyes with super long eye lashes. To say she is beautiful is an understatement. She never has a problem getting a man. Keeping them, now that’s another story. She’s a great girl but you have to have thick skin and one hell of a sense of humor to love her. I never worried about what Kimmy was thinking, she would tell me right away. She constantly made me laugh and shake my head at the things she comes up with. She has always been there for me and at a drop of a hat and would kick any guy’s ass that broke my heart. 
The door jingled. I looked up, surprised to see a guy in a ski mask pointing a gun directly at Billy. I missed a heartbeat for about two seconds. I thought I was having a heart attack and placed my hand on my chest.









Chapter Five
 
“Get on the floor,” the robber yelled, pointing his gun in my direction. I actually considered arguing because I didn’t know when the floors had last been cleaned and I was in a brand new outfit. I reluctantly got down on the floor, which is not easy in a skirt and heels. Both Billy and the robber stared at me as I tried to gracefully get to the ground. I used a nearby rack of potato chips to steady myself down. I held a superman pose as I tried to keep my face off the nasty floor. 
The robber was short, probably a teenager. I really didn’t think he would shoot us, but I didn’t want to take any chances. He started walking toward me, but I was more worried about the Cheetos smell on the floor to care. He grabbed me by the back of my neck and pulled me up. He was really strong for such a little guy. It took his strength to help me to my feet. In that outfit there was no way I could have done it on my own. For a second, I was thankful I wouldn’t have to go through that embarrassing, awkward moment of trying to get up. He pulled me by my hair toward the cash register. 
“Why the hell did you make me get on that nasty floor in the first place?” I asked angrily. I don’t have courage unless it dealt with my fifty dollar pair of heels.
He gave me a crazy look and stuck his gun to my head and turned back to Billy. “Now empty the register or she gets it.”
I never understood why people say that line. I get what? I think I get a bullet but why didn’t he just say ‘or I’ll shoot her’?
Billy gave me a look of terror and started opening the register. The door jingled as some poor soul walked in. I felt so bad for the new customer that was about to walk into a trap.
“Get down!” the masked man yelled at the unlucky visitor. 
“I would let her go if I were you,” a familiar voice said. Ezra! Thank god! 
The robber pulled my hair harder. This guy was really getting on my nerves and now he was hurting me. 
“Ezra, it’s just a teenager. That gun probably isn’t loaded,” I yelled, trying to save him unnecessary fighting. 
In response, the kid pointed the gun up in the air and pulled the trigger. The sound of the shot sent agonizing pain through my ears and bounced around my brain. It took a minute for my hearing to return. 
“Never mind, Ezra, forget what I said,” I whispered. This guy was pissing me off. First, he made me ruin my new shoes and now my ears would never be the same. I slammed my leg down as hard as I could, stabbing my beautiful new heels into the top of his shoe. I then turned around and went to punch him in the face but before I could, Ezra had the robber by the throat as if he weighed nothing. The gun fell to the ground.
“But… you’re—” the robber started to say, stuttering. 
“That’s right I’m a vampire like you,” Ezra interrupted, before he could finish. 
I felt stupid that I hadn’t seen it before. The guy was pretty strong. But then again, how was I supposed to know? Ezra was the first vampire I had ever met. I would never be able to tell unless their fangs were extended. I didn’t think there was any way to tell a human from a vampire. I turned to Billy to see his expression, knowing he had to be in shock, learning that vampires were real. He had a blank stare, as if he had heard this all before. As he closed the register, he seemed very calm. 
I walked over, grabbed a paper, plopped some money down on the counter and walked out. 
I wasn’t upset. Probably more in shock than anything. I just needed to get away from Ezra. I couldn’t look into those beautiful eyes in my unpredictable state. He had just saved my life…again. I didn’t know what the robber would have done if Ezra hadn’t been there.  I felt like I was piling up a list of reasons I owed Ezra, I couldn’t even remember why I was avoiding him to begin with. As soon as I got to my car and opened the door, Ezra called my name. I jumped because he was standing right next to me when he said it. 
“Holy crap, Ezra! What the hell? Why do you have to keep sneaking up on me? You scared the shit outta me.” 
He gave me a stare that made me feel like a piece of raw meat sitting next to a starving pit bull. He was wearing a tee shirt and a jacket. It was still fairly warm outside. I guessed vampires didn’t care about temperature differences.
“What?” I snapped when he didn’t say anything. 
He just continued to stare at me with those beautiful blue eyes that sparkled in the evening light. Shit, he can read my thoughts. I couldn’t keep thinking things like this. 
“You’re blocking me,” he said as he studied my face. I couldn’t think of what I had done differently. The news that I could block him was good to hear, so he didn’t know I was admiring him. Maybe this could work out between us. The more I looked him over, the more I wanted him. He was so smoking hot it was hard to resist touching his rock hard pecks. After the day I’d had, I just wanted to run my hands up and down his muscles and kiss his neck. Just to be in his arms would make the pain go away. 
I must have stopped blocking him because he took me in his arms and gently grabbed the back of my neck. He pulled my face to his and softly kissed my lips. He ran his hands through my hair and gently pulled, which gave me goose bumps.
As I had wanted to do, I ran my hands up his chest and back down to his abs. I could count his six pack through his shirt. He slipped his tongue into my mouth as we continued to kiss, pulling me tight to his body. After a minute, he pulled away. 
I didn’t want to open my eyes, but was curious about what his expression would say, so I did. He was staring me down with the same blank expression on his face. 
“You figured out how to block me.” He stood uncomfortably close to me. He was so tall I had to look up to him. 
“So what did you hear to make you do that?” I asked. I was curious to know how I blocked him, I needed to learn so I could do it more often. 
“That I’m irresistible and maybe things could work between us,” he said as a smile broke across his face. Of course he would hear the most embarrassing things.
My stomach growled, reminding me that I was hungry and tired. I needed a shower after being on the disgusting floor. And maybe some wine to calm myself after what had happened tonight. 
“Can I come home with you?” he asked. I’m sure he meant so he could make sure I was safe but as he said it my heart skipped a beat and I had a tingle down below. I had a flash of him joining me in the shower and had to grab my head as if it would block him out. 
“Oh God, please tell me I just blocked you,” I said, embarrassed. 
He chuckled and grabbed me around my waist, pulling me close to the bulge growing in his pants. Guess I hadn’t blocked him out. I felt mortified and knew my face must be bright red. 
“How about you stay out of my head? I can’t block you, but it’s so rude to invade my privacy like that.” I pushed him away. I was past the point of being embarrassed I was furious. He may have been the sexiest man alive but sometimes thoughts pop into my head that I don’t exactly mean. I just met the guy and now he thought I wanted to sleep with him. 
I crawled into my car and slammed the door. He was standing in the same spot as I peeled out of the parking lot. I had to keep my emotions under wrap. I felt like I was going to cry at any second but if I walked into my mother’s house crying, she would be halfway to her shot gun before I could begin to explain. She was extremely over protective. I couldn’t do it, tears leaked out as I turned down her street. If I went inside, I would be required to explain the situation to her and my mother and men do not mix. 
The Christmas when I was six years old, we were standing in line to get a picture with Santa and the guy behind us hit on my mother. He called her a fox and asked for her number. I remember thinking how strange it was for this guy to call my mom an animal.  My mother responded by breaking the guy’s nose. Now that I think back, her response was slightly dramatic, but that’s my mother for you.  I’ve never seen her even look at a guy before, let alone date one. I have no idea how I came to be, since I’ve never met my father. I’ve never even seen a picture of him, and we do not discuss him, at all. Call it an unwritten house rule. 
I decided to leave her paper on the porch. She wouldn’t understand and would be extremely upset but it was only a stinking paper and I needed to get home. I would have to make up an excuse later about having some sort of virus that I didn’t want to give her. The entire way home I pondered what disease I could use and tried to keep my mind off men. I pulled into my normal parking spot and noticed a familiar silver car. 
I dragged my feet as I walked toward my apartment, wondering if he had made himself at home inside or if he’d actually listened to my plea for privacy and was waiting outside. I threw my shoulders back and went up the stairs, letting out a sigh of relief to see Ezra leaning against my door. 
“Surprised you didn’t just let yourself in,” I confessed as I unlocked the door. 
“I’m a vampire. I need an invitation,” he said, which shocked me. I thought that was a myth. He started laughing. “That was a joke, Emily.”
I started laughing with him. I was just about to shut my door when Gavin’s door flew open and the girl who was there earlier stormed out. 
“You’re a jerk, Gavin,” she yelled, stomping down the stairs. 
I shut and locked my door and turned around, Ezra was standing across the room, staring me down with that same look he had earlier. It made me nervous to have someone look at me like that, especially when they looked at hot at Ezra. 
“Do you want something to drink?” I said it to break the silence but after I said it I realized how stupid it sounded. I covered my face in embarrassment. 
“I am a loser. Sorry, I forgot.” I really had forgotten that he was a vampire and only drank blood. I wasn’t about to offer him a drink from my neck. I wondered what that felt like, it must hurt. I let my hands down, and Ezra hadn’t moved. 
He started walking in my direction. I know now what a mouse feels like when a cat spots it. My life flashed before my eyes. I knew he wouldn’t hurt me but the look he was giving was saying either he wanted sex right here and now or that he was about to eat my head off.  He was standing inches away from me, and I could smell his cologne, like cool water. My heart pounded as he gently rubbed my arm. 
I leaned in response to his touch. Our chests were touching as his hand moved up my arms one last time and kept going, until he held my face. His cold touch felt good against my warm skin. He softly kissed my lips. 
The room spun as he kissed me again. I moved in as close to his body as I could. His kiss left tingles on my lips from the coldness. After a minute, he pulled away and looked me in the eyes, his bright blues were burning a hole into my heart. I had thrown men out of my life forever and this vampire came in and swept me off my feet, and now I was worried I was falling hard for him. I wished I could read his mind and know how he felt about me. 
He turned quickly and plopped down on my couch and started searching for my remote. I was left standing in the same spot, feeling let down. He obviously knew what I had been thinking, but didn’t have a response to my confession.  
I stomped down the hall to my room, mumbling the entire way something about him being a bloodsucking pig. I slammed the door and took a long shower, put on my pajamas and crawled into bed. 
Screw him. If he wanted to play this game I could play too. I knew I was being silly, I didn’t even know this guy all that well. I couldn’t just throw my inhibitions to the wind because he was a sexy beast, or maybe that didn’t sound like such a bad idea. I mean, he was really sexy. But I definitely could not expect him to feel anything for me this soon. I decided to stop acting so childish and go sit with my company. I was also very hungry and couldn’t stay in my room all night, especially while my stomach was already growling like a rabid dog.  
I went out to my living room and found my apartment completely empty, except for me. Guess I had scared him off. My inhibitions would have to stay intact for a while longer. I would have texted him to apologize for being such a goober but I didn’t have his phone number. I couldn’t understand why I was acting like a lunatic around him. Most days I could act like a semi-normal person. This guy was doing a number on my sanity.
I dressed quickly and decided to go out for food. The roads seemed to be strangely abandoned, I felt ridiculous as I waited at the red light next to my favorite 7-eleven by myself. 
After a minute, I took this as fate calling so I turned into the store. I walked in to the chime greeting, I swear one day I would rip that stupid bell down and stomp its life to pieces. Hmm, I was actually feeling kind of moody. I went to the back and grabbed a Mountain Dew and a bag of beef jerky—dinner for champions. I went to the counter as I had déjà’ vu. The incident a few hours before had been completely erased. Billy was sitting behind the counter, reading a gossip magazine with his feet propped up on the counter. 
“What’s new, Billy?” 
He put his magazine down and stood. “Not much, sorry about what happened earlier,” he said, looking nervous. His response made me think about what had happened and I realized I still had some questions. 
“Hey, why were you so calm about what Ezra said?” I asked, hoping maybe he would laugh and think Ezra was a crazy man. 
“Oh, about him being a vampire?” He laughed as he said it, like it was a big joke. I let out a sigh of relief as I returned a smile and chuckled, playing along. 
“Emily, I am a vampire too,” he said finally, while I was still laughing, which cut me off. He still had an amused look on his face and I must say for such a geeky guy his smile really lit him up and made him very attractive. He suddenly wore a look of shame and started looking on the counter and scanning in my items.
Oh shit, I thought as I remembered a very important vampire trait 
“So all you bloodsuckers can read my thoughts?” I asked. I wasn’t angry at Billy, just aggravated at my lack of privacy in the world. 
Billy just laughed. “Yes, Ezra is not the only bloodsucker who can read minds.” 
I gave him some money for my dinner and decided to stay and talk a bit, not like I had any place else to go. 
“So how well do you know Ezra?” I am ashamed to say that I was prying, but if I was going to let this guy into my life or bed I needed to check up on him. 
“Uh, I really don’t,” he replied, apparently not caring that I was looking for information on the guy. 
“What do you mean? He’s in here every time I come in, and he knew your name the other night,” I pointed out. 
“Em, the only time he has ever come in is when you were in here.” He stared at me with a look of concern. I suddenly felt sick, like I had been played. 
“But yesterday he was in here when I came in,” I replied, giving myself a sliver of hope. 
“He waited out in his car for almost an hour before you got here that night. I thought he was waiting on you.” 
The vampire I couldn’t keep my hands off of was stalking me. So basically I could add crazy, stalker, murdering vampire to the list of guys who just didn’t work out. On that list there were also gay transvestite, dude with the Barbie doll collection, dude who thought he was a superhero, engaged guy, married guy and of course…cheating guy. 
Yes, dude who thought he was a superhero, I dated him. Of course, in my defense, I thought the cape was a joke when we first met. I figured out later that it wasn’t. And gay transvestite…I don’t even want to go there. It was unnerving to think that I had a vampire stalking me. 
“So what happened to your robber vampire guy?” I asked curiously. I was trying to shake the creepy feeling.
“Your boyfriend took him away in cuffs,” he stated, shrugging. I had a sick feeling come over me, I had to leave. I grabbed my bag of treats and walked out. 










Chapter Six

 I called Kimmy as soon as I got in my car. I really needed some girly advice. 
“Yo ho, what’s up?” Kimmy answered. She was my wild and crazy friend who always made me laugh and was awkward when it came to emotions. I could pour my heart out to here and cry a gallon of tears as long as I understood I would only receive a pathetic pat on the back as her reply. But for some reason, I just felt the need to talk to her. 
“Hey, Kimmy you know whenever you answer your phone like that you sound like a pirate?” I greeted, trying not to sound like anything was wrong but it’s kind of hard when you get news that a vampire is following you around like a lost puppy. 
“Spill,” she commanded, not fooled. 
And I did, keeping out the part about Ezra being a vampire. I didn’t want her to think I was crazy too. I included the drunken night with Gavin.  
“Ew, what a total creepzoid.” Leave it to Kimmy to know exactly how to put it. 
“I know, right, but he was so sexy,” I replied. 
“Hmm. Well, that changes things dramatically. So he is a sexy stalker, almost unheard of. So why not just go after Mr. Hot Pants next door?” she asked. 
I had given up guys and then I had two completely gorgeous and got burned yet again, only twice this time. 
“Mmm, well besides the fact that he already has chick drama, I think I learned my lesson about guys. I should probably stay away,” I admitted, pouting. 
“Oh… well… I have a hot neighbor down the hall from me and I think she swings for the other team if you want me to give her your number,” she said seriously. 
“Ya know, I think I’m ok right now. Thanks, though. I haven’t quite given up completely and crossed over to the dark side.” I laughed, slightly embarrassed. I mean I understand why she would offer, with a record like mine, no one in their right mind would date again. But men are my weakness, like cake is to fat kids. Ok, cake is my weakness too. 
“Maybe I should go on a man diet, and every time I even think about a guy I have to run a mile or clean my apartment,” I offered. 
“Yeah, you do that. Tell me how it goes,” she said sarcastically, knowing how much I loathe physical labor or anything physical except sex, for that matter. 
I hung up the phone as I pulled into my parking lot. Someone had taken my dang parking spot, I hate when they do that. I pay good money for my own parking spot. It has my apartment number on it, so it’s saved for only me. Guess some dumbass can’t read. I had half a mind to write a fake parking ticket and put it under their wiper. I had to park two buildings down from mine, and I was heated as I locked my doors. Nothing I hated more than having to park far away. I’m not one of those crazy people who drive around the store parking lot for hours waiting for a close parking spot, or the customer stalkers who stalk you to your car and wait with their blinker on so everyone has to awkwardly pass by because they are so damn lazy. But this is my home and I pay for my parking rights. 
I was so caught up in my own bitching rant that I didn’t notice the hooded figure before he jumped me. We both tumbled to the ground.  My heart stopped beating momentarily and when it resumed it was pounding to catch up. I stopped rolling and landed on my back as he jumped on top of me. He was very heavy, and it knocked the breath right out of me. 
“What’s your name, human?” he hissed at me in a quiet little voice. 
I was in such shock that I couldn’t answer. His face was dark under his hood, and I couldn’t make out any of his features, not like he would let me live so I could describe him to the cops. This was the week from hell. First Ezra, then Gavin, then Ezra and the murders, Ezra and the stalking and now bozo wanted my name before he killed me. What? Did he have trophies of his kills and he needed my name for it? 
Probably wasn’t the smartest move to make but I thought to myself, “Go big or go home,” as I spat into his hood. Since I don’t really practice my spitting technique I ended up drooling on myself, and since he still had me pinned to the ground there was no way to wipe my mistake away.  He snapped his head to the right as if I had slapped him in his face. His head slowly made its way back into its original position. I could feel his angry eyes glaring down at me. 
He slapped me hard across my face, and I tasted blood. Tears slid down my face as I realized this might actually be my last few moments. It was the first time anyone had ever slapped me and man, I didn’t realize how much it stings. I pushed against him as hard as I possibly could, thinking to myself I had to at least attempt to fight back before he killed me. He grabbed my wrists and held them down above my head. I gave all the energy I could muster into fighting back but I didn’t budge him. He was strong. He actually bent over and started smelling me, starting with my hair and going down my face to my neck. My mother’s words ran through my head, maybe he was the vampire serial killer. His face snapped up, almost like he read my mind and heard the words, which also supported my theory. 
“Hey!” someone yelled behind us. 
I knew I should start screaming, since to an outsider we probably looked as though we were having a little lover’s wrestle outside. Before I could open my mouth, the vampire jumped off me and ran in the opposite direction of my new found hero. I sat up and studied my wrists. They were both dark red and were burning. 
“Christ, Emily, are you ok?” I suddenly recognized that voice. I looked up, surprised to see Gavin bending over to help me up. 
“I think so,” I replied, unsure before I said it if I could actually speak. Gavin helped me to my door. I tried to put the key in the hole but I was shaking too much. 
“Here, Em, let me help.” Gavin took my keys from me, pushed the door open and helped me inside. He flipped on the light and I about had a heart attack. Ezra was standing in the middle of my living room, staring like a creep at us. We both jumped. 
“Ezra, what the hell are you doing here?” Surprisingly enough, I didn’t say it, Gavin did. 
I looked at Gavin, then back at Ezra, confused. “You two know each other?” I asked softly, feeling very tired from everything that had happened. It had been a long day, and I was almost killed, twice. I just wanted to crawl into bed and sleep. 
“We work together,” Gavin finally answered. The boys stood glaring at each other, and I didn’t understand what happened that caused so much anger. 
“Ezra, you work construction?” I asked. I was confused. Ezra does not seem like the construction kind of man. He wore expensive clothes and drove an expensive car. Maybe he was a drug dealer on the side. 
He scoffed at my question, which pissed me off. 
“Ok, someone had better start talking or I’m leaving.” I was so angry and upset and on the verge of bursting into tears. I had to hold it together for a while longer and the longer they took to explain, the longer I had to wait. 
“Emily, Ezra and I work for the FBI. I’m sorry I lied to you about the construction job, but I couldn’t tell you what I really did,” Gavin explained, and I wasn’t even mad about him lying to me. I could understand the whole ‘if I tell you then I’d have to kill you’ situation.
“So the FBI employs vampires?” I asked, mainly to Ezra because he was freaking me out the way he was staring and not saying anything. 
“You told her?” Gavin yelled at Ezra. 
“She kind of just found out,” Ezra finally stated unfazed by the yelling and it almost calmed me to hear him talk. 
“Found out, how?” Gavin asked slowly. 
I had wanted answers, and all I was getting was their bickering back and forth like two old hags. 
“She was an eyewitness to a robbery and then a murder,” Ezra spoke to the ground, looking ashamed and biting his bottom lip. I was wondering if maybe Gavin was his boss and he was in serious trouble now. Ezra shot me a glare that said otherwise, so I stopped thinking. 
“You’re being vague so why don’t you just come out with it?” Gavin said with much anger in his voice. Suddenly Ezra was in Gavin’s face and I could feel the anger pouring off of them. 
“I don’t answer to you, wizard, so leave it alone.” Ezra pointed his finger dangerously close to Gavin’s face.
 “Wizard?” I asked, confused, catching up with the conversation. Gavin just looked away as if to say he didn’t want to talk about it.
“Cheese and crackers, can you two hooligans just please shut up? I’ve had a very long day. I was almost killed twice, and seeing as neither one of you will actually answer any of my questions, I’m going to bed. I’m taking a mental health day tomorrow so if you would like to talk I’ll be here.” 
They stopped bitching and looked at me in shock, as if that was the first time they had noticed me. 
“Twice?” Gavin asked softly. 
“That’s right, twice. And aren’t you supposed to be her protector? Today was the second time I had to save her,” Ezra snapped. 
This was all turning out to be a damned pissing contest. 
“Just shut up both of you,” I yelled. I put my hand to my head to try and erase the headache that was coming on. 
 “Ya know what? I don’t even want to know. I’m going to bed.” I finally decided that giving up was the best option. I wasn’t getting anywhere with either of them. I was tired and just wanted some sleep. 
I went to my bedroom and slammed my door to let them know I wanted to be by myself. I wasn’t sure if they would leave or stay. I almost wanted to go back out there and tell them to leave but then again I wasn’t sure I really wanted to be alone, especially when the attacker might come back to finish the job. 
Nothing like some good old fashioned sexy supernatural men to protect me while I slept, although is a wizard really supernatural? I really didn’t even know what a wizard was, maybe like a grown Harry Potter? I heard loud laughter coming from the living room and decided that tomorrow I would sit down with Ezra and have a long talk about privacy. I kept thinking about everything that was happening as I drifted off to sleep. 









Chapter Seven

I woke earlier than normal the next morning, feeling like crap. There was no way in hell I was going to work after everything that had happened. Harold was such a loser he would believe anything. If I told him I caught AIDS and I needed to go get the cure, he would just say good luck. But, since he was such asshole, I liked to mess with his head. He answered on the first ring, probably didn’t have anything better to do 
“Harold,” I croaked into the receiver. 
“Emily, is that you, what’s wrong?” he asked with actual concern in his voice. I almost felt guilt for what I was about to do to him. He would never recover. The man would be traumatized. 
“Harold, I’m sick. I got my period this morning and these cramps are killing me, and to add to that, my period gave me the runs.” I was so going to hell. 
I coughed. “Oh shit, Harold. I think I just sharted myself and totally just projectile shot my tampon out. I don’t think I should work in these conditions, I’m sorry,” I finally finished, slapping my hand to my face. 
“Oh, um. Yeah, Emma. It’s ok, take today and tomorrow off, get better,” He said, obviously uncomfortable with the situation, 
Having a male boss is the best thing ever for women, since they don’t really know what it’s like to have cramps or bleeding out your body like that, ew. It seems unnatural to think that a woman can just keep bleeding for a week straight and survive. I was lucky, for some reason I never had a period in my life.  Kimmy told me once that it gave her the runs. I said TMI but I can’t believe one of her completely repugnant comments actually became useful. 
“Thanks, Harold, you’re a good guy,” I told him, trying to hold my laughter back. Ok, it was probably wrong, but you don’t know Harold like I do. He gives out coupons instead of candy to all the little kids at Halloween. I mean, who does that! I’ve also seen him, multiple times, pick his nose at work and flick boogers at any poor soul who happened to walk by at that moment. Last year for Christmas, he took everyone’s holiday bonus and bought a big screen TV, only to find that he had nowhere to put it, so it is now connected in his office. And not to forget he parks in the handicapped space at work. Lisa, who sits two seats down from me, could use the close parking space. She just had surgery on her hip and walks with a cane. Now she has to either get to work extra early or park far away. So yeah, I may go to hell but Harold totally deserved that. 
I hung up and took a shower. When I stepped out and started drying my hair, I smelled the most amazing scent. Coffee! I had to pinch myself to make sure I hadn’t died and gone to heaven. I pulled my towel tight and headed straight to the aroma. I walked into the kitchen, took out a cup and poured the black goodness. Coffee is another weakness. It ranks up pretty high, next to sex and chocolate. It tasted so delicious I just stood there almost completely naked, stroking my coffee mug. 
That’s when I noticed I wasn’t alone. Both Ezra and Gavin had a look of hunger on their faces. I gulped down a sip of coffee as I flipped them both off and marched back to my room. I threw on some clothes and gelled up my wet locks. 
I came out when I was dressed and ready for the day. They were both sitting on opposite ends of the couch like this was a therapy sessions to work on their feelings.  I felt on top of the world to see the two hotties had stayed over. Ezra ran a hand through his locks and tucked one side behind his ear, sending a shiver down my body. He looked up with those big puppy eyes and gave me a knowing smile. I turned my gaze to Gavin, who was studying the floor as if he didn’t want to meet my eyes. He looked like he hadn’t slept at all and the gruff on his chin made him look irresistible. Damn him, even without sleep he looked sexy as hell. I walked into the kitchen, refilled my coffee mug and sat down in the chair closest to Gavin so I could see both of their faces as we talked. 
“Ok, ready, go,” I said, trying to break the tension. I figured it didn’t work since they both gave me a blank stare. 
“Anyways, how bout you start by telling me why two FBI dudes are following me around and ‘protecting me?’” 
They gave each other a look and I considered offering them a coin to flip to decide who goes first. Gavin lost. “We both work in a secret division of the FBI, created to protect humans from supernatural creatures or beings. We were sent here to protect you from a vampire named Damon.” 
“Why would this guy want me?” I asked, becoming nervous that this was probably who had attacked me outside the night before. I chose to ignore the comment about other supernatural creatures. I really just didn’t want to know. 
“He wants you because of what you are,” Gavin answered. 
I was getting annoyed by these statements that did nothing for me. I was tired of asking questions. 
Ezra answered my thoughts. “Emily, your father is a very powerful warlock, which makes you a very powerful witch.” 
My father, who I had never known about, was a warlock? I didn’t know what that meant but I suddenly felt overwhelmed and light headed. I put my cup down and my head between my knees to keep from passing out. 
“Good going, Blood Sucker. I was trying to ease her in, and you just threw it in her face,” Gavin complained to Ezra. 
“You were annoying her, plus it’s her life. She deserves to know the truth,” Ezra snapped back. 
“Stop acting like you know what’s best for her.” 
“I do know what’s best for her. I can hear it straight from her head.” 
I was so tired of the arguing. “For the love of sprinkles, just shut up. Maybe if you two would stop your yapping for two seconds I could tell you what is going on in my head.” After a moment of silence I continued, “Now, I’m fine. I was just a little overwhelmed. Gavin, is this Damon the same guy who’s been killing girls in our apartment complex?” I asked, hoping his answer would be no. 
“We believe so. It would make sense.” Seeing the annoyed look on my face he continued, “Damon worked with us in our division before he went rogue and disappeared. He was your father’s assistant. Robert was working on a big case that involved some serious black magic. Apparently a group of witches discovered a book of spells. Inside was a spell that transfers power and strength. The problem was that the spell needed a powerful witch or wizard to recite the incantation. The group had neither, so it was never done. We ended the group and retrieved the book, but before it could be locked away, Damon stole it. He threaten Robert life so that he would do the spell. Robert refused and Damon told him if he wouldn’t do it he would find someone who would. No one in the division knew Robert had a daughter except Damon, so we were sent here to protect you in case he came for you, which he apparently has. We figured he found out what area you lived in and was trying to find you. He’s been questioning random women and when they weren’t you, he killed them.” 
My heart dropped as he spoke. These women had died because of me. I felt tears building up. I didn’t want to cry in front of Ezra or Gavin but I didn’t think I could hold them back. I was truly scared for my life. I wanted to hide somewhere away from everyone. What about my mother? What if Damon went after her? Damon was a killer and would kill me if he had the chance. 
On top of all of this, my own father couldn’t even come tell me the news in person, he had to send two of his people to protect me. I knew he was a dead beat dad, but this topped the charts. 
Ezra stood up and knelt in front of me, pulling me into a tight embrace.  His sweet gesture was very comforting. I felt like I belonged in his arms. 
“Don’t worry, Em. We are here for you,” Ezra gently whispered in my ear. His husky voice sent a wave of hot tingles down my body, and at that moment I was very thankful that Gavin was in the room chaperoning. Ezra pulled away and tucked a flyaway hair behind my ear. Again with the shivers. This guy was a pro. We stared into each other’s eyes, and I felt safe again. No one could touch me while I was with Ezra. He was my knight in shining armor. 
Gavin cleared his throat, reminding me that we were making it awkward for him and bringing me back to reality. I stood up quickly and headed for the kitchen. 
“What are you doing?” Ezra asked as I opened the cabinet under the sink. 
“Cleaning.” I sighed. It would be nice to finally have a normal guy to call my own but it would never work out. Ezra came with mind reading baggage and Gavin came with chick drama. Both sounded like players, plus I had more important things on my mind, like a killer vampire who was out to get me so I could perform a spell on him. I started wiping down the counter. 
“I have never in my life cast a spell, or whatever, so why would this guy come after me? Who says that I can actually do witchy stuff? I don’t even know if I believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo.” I put away some dishes from the dish washer. What would the guy do, kidnap me and expected me to know how to do a spell.  Two minutes ago I didn’t even know that I was a witch or that I had witch potential. 
“Your father has been watching you your entire life from afar. He knows you have more than potential, you are the real thing,” Ezra replied to my thoughts.
I really needed to get him out of my head. Wonder if there is a spell for that.
In response, he gave me a melt in your mouth, gleaming smile. I was such a sucker. I glared at him in return. 
“I need to go inform headquarters of your attack. Do you want me to bring you dinner tonight?” Gavin asked as he stood. I had almost forgotten he was still there. 
“Yeah, that would be nice, thank you,” I replied. 
“Chinese ok?” he asked politely. 
“Yeah, that’s cool,” I answered. 
“A positive blood bag for you, Ezra? Or would you prefer a live human?” Gavin glared at Ezra and I could feel the energy bouncing off the two. Giving up, Gavin left me alone with Ezra. I was nervous for about two seconds but then decided now was a good time to have a chat. I stopped my cleaning punishment and walked back into the living room. 
“We need to talk,” I informed him. 
“Usually that would scare a man but since I already know what you’re thinking, it saves us time.” Ezra smiled. 
“Seriously, you have got to get out of my head. Not only is it rude, it’s embarrassing. And it’s so unattractive,” I told him as sternly as I possibly could. He had to realize that I was fed up with it. I wanted my thoughts back. 
After a minute of silence he finally sighed and gave up. “Ok, I’m sorry. I’ll try to stay out of your head.”   
That was too easy and I knew there would be a but somewhere. He sat down beside me on the couch and scooted close. I could feel his breath on my neck 
“But, it’s just so tempting to know exactly what you… desire.” He breathed into my ear. There goes the but. Although I should have argued, he was a damn good distraction. And I felt like I had swallowed a jillion butterflies. I bit my lip to keep my mind on something besides his soft kisses on my neck. 
He guided my face to his and kissed my lips softly at first and then with more passion. He gently pushed my shoulders forcing me to lie back on the couch. He then laid his weight on top of my body, I could feel his cool temperate though his thin shirt. This was a very dangerous position for a girl to be in with Ezra the Corruptor. I felt like a school girl virgin, I didn’t know where to put my hands, so I placed them on his back, and we continued to kiss. His hand started sliding up my shirt, and I was saved by a knock at my door. 
Thank you baby Jesus for interruptions. Whoever was at the door was getting a big wet slobbery kiss, even if it was Damon. Ezra jumped off and I headed toward the door. 
“Whoa, what are you doing?” Ezra snapped. 
“Really, you think he’s just going to knock at my door and ask ‘oh hey, would you mind doing this spell for me?’” I asked sarcastically. I looked through the peep hole. 
“You’re right, it’s a scary person,” I said as I opened the door to let Kimmy in. 
“Well, it took you long enough, I’m frying out here. You know what happens when my feet start sweating.” Kimmy walked inside, taking notice of Ezra. She looked him up and down like he was prime rib and she was a starved animal. 
“Well, well, what do we have here? I was going to ask you why you weren’t at work but I see the answer to my question right before my eyes. Kimberly Nosemaker, and if you make fun of the name I will slap you across that pretty little head of yours,” Kimmy said to Ezra as she put out a hand as if he was going to kiss it instead of shake it. He accepted her hand into his own and forced her to shake. 
“How did you know I wasn’t at work?” I asked out of curiosity. 
“I tried your cell phone and you didn’t answer so I called you at work and they said you were out sick,” she answered. 
“How did you get my work number?”
She finally drew her eyes away from Ezra long enough to shoot me a dumbfounded look. “Em, your work number is 911. Did you forget already?”   
“You called 911 looking for me? Don’t you know it’s a federal offense to call 911 without a valid emergency?” 
“It was an emergency,” she answered. 
“Ok, what is your emergency?” I asked, placing my hands on my hips. 
“Geez, you sound like you are at work. Maybe you could work from home and answer calls here,” she joked. 
“You’re still not answering my question, Kimberly.”  
“Hold your panties, I was getting there. So there I was shopping down town at the strip mall, when I saw Vicky swaying her big ass down the street. She looked abnormally happy for a Tuesday so I decided to follow her. I left the store and kept my distance. She went into a store and I was just about to follow her in when I noticed what the place was.” She stopped for a second, apparently for a dramatic effect. 
“Please, don’t keep me in suspense,” I said sarcastically. 
She shot me a ‘go to hell’ look. “Vicky was getting liposuction!” 
Although it was the best news I’ve ever heard in my life I still couldn’t believe that Kim called 911 to tell me about it. 
“And that was the emergency? My calls are taped, you numbskull, and Harold listens to my tapes. You could have gotten me fired!” Oh, I wasn’t even mad at her. I would have accepted a firing from ole Harold just to hear that news. 
“So why aren’t you at work today?” she asked, looking over at Ezra who was listening intently like he really cared that Vicky was admitting she was a fatty. 
“I have cramps,” I stated nonchalantly. 
“Makes perfect sense for someone who doesn’t even know what that means,” she argued. 
“I got attacked by a vampire last night. He wants me to cast an evil spell on him to make him all powerful because apparently I’m a witch,” I replied. 
“Oh, ok, well, I can see why you used the cramps excuse. Seriously, is the real reason because you lost your virginity last night?” 
“I’m not a virgin, Kimmy.” I was confused. Kimmy knew every detail of every guy I had ever slept with.
“I know that, dummy, but I was hoping it would help your sex life with this one.” She nodded he head sideways toward Ezra as if he couldn’t hear her. Normally I would have died of embarrassment but Ezra seemed to take my crazy life in stride and I was really happy for that. 
“I thought that would be motive to not sleep with me?” I asked, still confused. 
“Oh no, honey, once that bastard hears you still got your gift he turns into a five year old on Christmas with only one thing in mind,” she explained. 
“Yeah, that makes sense, I guess. But Ezra is a vampire like the crazy dude out to get me, so he can read my mind. He already knew I was a nonvirgin.”
“OMG, what’s he doing out in the daylight? We better get his cute butt to safety, pronto. Where’s the closest dungeon around here? I’ll Google it.” I was pretty sure she was joking but you can never tell with Kimmy. 
“Anyways, I have to go, Imma try to find some peeps who would like to rally at the plastic surgeon’s office so when Vicky comes out we can throw tomatoes at her, or bacon, yes bacon would be better.” She gave me a kiss on the cheek and left before I could say anything else, texting like she was on crack as she walked out. 
I turned to Ezra and shrugged. “Can’t say I didn’t try.” 
He had a look on his face like a five year old on Christmas, I was quite thankful that I wasn’t a virgin at that moment. 
“Where were we?” he growled as he stepped toward me. 
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Look, I’ve given up men, Ezra, and even though you are not like the normal men I date, I have to realize I’m destined to be alone. I mean, look at you, for example. I find a great, good looking guy who likes me back and bam, you’re a vampire. Then I find another guy who is also not bad to look at and bam, he’s a wizard and has bad taste in women, I might add. I’m sticking to my diet, and I’ve already cheated enough that I’ll be cleaning every waking hour for a week now, thanks to you provoking me.” I poked him in his rock hard chest. 
Ah, I had to get him away from me. There was no way in hell he would leave me alone now. Maybe I should just give in, I mean, I’ve already cheated on my diet. Looking up into those big blue eyes, I was almost ready to throw everything I stood for away and give Ezra the best night of his life. He started walking faster toward me with one thing in mind. I didn’t have to be a mind reader to know what he wanted. 
He pushed me against the wall and slammed his body on mine. Our lips connected like they had never been interrupted. His hands found the bottom of my shirt and this time they didn’t stop, they found my breasts and started massaging them. I could feel his excitement though his pants. He was rock solid down below and it was pushed against my lady parts. I was throbbing with desire, and so ready to go at it when he suddenly stopped with a crazed look in his eye. I started to ask what was wrong when he put his hands to my mouth. 










Chapter Eight

“We have to go now,” he whispered. My inner throbbing was now overtaken by chills. I couldn’t breathe for what seemed like an eternity. I didn’t know what was going on but he was dragging me by the hand toward the bedroom, which definitely didn’t have an exit. He grabbed a pair of my shoes and my purse, then opened my bedroom window and looked back at me. 
“You’re going to have to trust me, Emily, I’m going down and then you jump.” He turned and leapt out. 
I live on the freaking third floor of my apartment building, and Ezra wanted me to jump out of my window. He seriously was insane. I’m not scared of heights or anything but this didn’t seem safe.
“Are you kidding, Ezra? This is how people actually kill themselves. They jump out of a window this high off the ground,” I squeaked as I peeked out my window to see if he was alive. 
He stood staring at me and waving his arms for me to follow him as if I could scale the building with no problem. I heard a knock at the door and figured that was what we were running for.  Fear got the best of me, and I leapt out the window like I was superman. 
I didn’t fall gracefully either. I flopped around like a fish out of water, trying to grab anything my little arms could grasp. I had an entire two seconds of self-doubt, freefalling, when I fell into Ezra’s arms. Had the situation been any less terrifying, this would have turned me on, but as soon as I hit his arms I pushed off and took off running. It didn’t take a mind reader or a genius to know that the person knocking on my door wasn’t there for a social visit and was more than likely named Damon. 
We jumped in Ezra’s car, and he started it up. I searched around for anyone who looked like a crazy, vampire killer. The place was a ghost town. Ezra threw the car into reverse and hit the gas. Unfortunately, I didn’t have my seat belt on and my head met his dashboard, hard. I sat up quickly, rubbing my forehead. Noticing that the car was no longer moving, I looked over to see what the holdup was. Ezra was staring at me intently, as if waiting to make sure I was ok. 
“What are you waiting for? Go,” I yelled. 
He threw the car into gear, and we both looked up to see a hooded figure standing about ten feet in front of the car. I screamed. Ezra hit the gas, and the car screeched forward. 
The car hit Damon, and he rolled all the way over the roof. I looked back to see if he was  laying on the street but he was kneeling  down, as if he was tying his shoe, and then stood up slowly as if he hadn’t been touched. Strangely enough, I was more curious about how in the heck his hood stayed in place the entire time. Perhaps magic, or the two-sided tape models use the keep dresses in place so they don’t give the crowd a peep show. Seemed like a big effort to be cool and mysterious, but whatever floats his boat.  
We were zooming in and out of midday traffic before I finally started breathing normally again. 
“That was a close one. How did you know he was there?” I asked when I knew we were safe.  
“Humans give off brainwaves that I can hear and translate. Vampires are dead so we don’t have brainwaves, hence a big blank gap that sounds like interference. Which is why it’s important that I stay with you at all times,” he answered, not taking his eyes off the road. 
“That’s going to be a little awkward, especially since I have to pee,” I joked, but he didn’t laugh.  “Lighten up, we made it out alive. He can’t get us now.” 
I felt something from Ezra, almost like regret or disappointment. It didn’t make any sense but I figured he felt like he failed, Damon had found me. 
“We’re going to have to relocate you. I’m taking you to a safe house. I need to call your father.” He gripped the steering wheel harder. 
For once in my life I felt a serious case of compassion, I actually cared for Ezra. He was the peanut butter on my jelly sandwich. He looked out for me and had saved my life three times now. Funny how at one point I thought he was a stalking murderer and now I looked over at his beautiful face and all I wanted to do was make sweet nookie with him. His eyes got big, and he looked over at me. 
“Hey, I thought we talked about that. Stay out of my head,” I pouted. 
“I could pull the car over. It’s not like Damon’s going to look for us on the side of the road making sweet nookie,” he joked and I was so happy to see him settle down, even if it did take my nasty insane thoughts to smooth him out.  
“Let me have your phone,” I said, keeping my thoughts clear, which is really hard if you’ve never tried. He gave me a suspicious look but handed it over. He was being true to his word and not prying into my head. I almost felt bad for what I was about to do. I punched the button and scrolled through the contacts down to the ‘R.’ I hit send and waited, getting nervous when it started to ring. Ezra sighed and gave me a knowing look. 
“What do you report?” the voice on the other end answered. 
“Hello, Dad. Long time, no hear,” I replied. 
“Emily? Where is Ezra?” he asked dryly. 
“Oh, yeah, nice to hear from you too, after twenty two years. I’m doing good, thanks for asking,” I said sarcastically. He made me so angry, at that moment I hated him more than I have ever hated anyone in my life, even more than Vicky, which is saying a lot. 
“Emily, can I have my phone back please?” Ezra begged, smiling. I reluctantly handed his cell phone back 
“We had a run in with Damon. She’s not safe anymore. I’m taking her to a secure area, and I’ll report back in a few hours.” He was quiet for a moment and answered, “I understand, I’ll keep the line clear.” He ended his call, tossed the phone aside and wrapped his hands around the steering wheel tighter. 
“Did you get in trouble?” I asked, worried. 
He looked over at me with a confused look. “Em, I am a vampire, what’s Robert going to do, ground me?” 
I wanted to laugh at the idea but I couldn’t even picture what my father would look like, or him grounding anyone. “Well, he is your boss. You’re not going to get fired, are you?” I asked. 
“My mission was to find Damon, and I did, Gavin is the one in trouble. That’s why he left your place this morning, to deal with the consequences in person.” 
“He did his job. I’m alive.” It sounded ridiculous as I said it, and Ezra gave me a questionable look. “Granted, I almost died a few times, but in my life that’s actually pretty normal. I am just an unlucky person. It’s almost expected that I nearly get killed every day. Ask anyone.” 
He gave me a second questionable look. “Pa-lease, besides this Damon crap going on, and the mugging, when was the last time you almost got killed?”
“Ok, how about two weeks ago? I was shaving in the shower and ran out of shaving cream so I had to use soap. The bathtub got slippery, and I slipped and cut myself. I almost had to have stitches.” 
“Almost, huh?” 
“I said I nearly get killed, and it was a big cut. The doctor in the ER said it was the biggest razor cut he had seen that day,” I stated. 
“Oh, well then, it’s settled. You are unlucky. Plus, you can’t forget the pnuemonia incident.” He grinned, having way too much fun with this. 
“Hey, stay out of my head!” 
He laughed loudly. “Trust me, honey, your head is so jumbled up I wish I could stay out of it. You’re making me crazy.” 
I stuck my tongue out at him. “So, Ezra, I want to know everything about you,” I said, attempting to change the subject.
“My favorite animal is a horse. I don’t like clowns and, before I was turned, I used to be afraid of blood.” He glanced over at me and smiled. 
“That’s everything?” I asked sarcastically. 
“Of course not, but if I told you everything there would be no mystery left,” he stated. 
“How old are you?” I asked curiously. 
“Older than your great-great-grandfather,” he replied, smiling. 
“You cradle robber,” I joked. 
We rode another hour, listening to the radio with the windows down, when Ezra groaned. Before I could ask what was wrong, we turned the car down a gravel road. From the loud clanking coming from the rocks hitting the car, I guessed that he was probably worried about damage to his precious little car. 
“Where are we going?” I asked. 
“We need to get somewhere safe, and this is the closest safe house I know of.” We drove for what seemed like forever before he shifted gears and slowed the car down. We stopped in front of a tiny old metal shack. The place was surrounded by woods and even in the daylight was scary looking. It seemed as if it had been painted red back in the 1800’s since the paint was peeling and was replaced with rust. 
“Are you serious? This is the safe house? It doesn’t look very safe, looks like I’m going to get tetanus from this place.” I really didn’t want to even consider getting out of the car. 
“Looks can be deceiving, my dear,” Ezra replied as he stepped out of the car. I groaned but followed. As soon as I closed my door, the horn honked and the doors locked. 
“That was a joke, right? Who’s going to steal your car out here? Swamp thing?” 
He grinned in reply. We walked up to what would essentially be called a door. Really it was a piece of wood with a lock. Ezra unlocked the shack and pushed the door open. We were greeted by darkness and dust as we walked inside. Small patches of sunlight peered in through the holes in the wall and roof. After my eyes adjusted, I realized there was nothing in the shack. No furniture, no bathroom, no nothing. 
“You have got to be shitting me. Take me back, Damon can have me.” I glared at Ezra. 
He laughed in return and stepped out to the opposite side of the room, did something to the wall that caused a beep and suddenly the floor began to shake. A panel on the floor a few feet in front of me shifted and below the panel was a stairwell. 
“Ok, I didn’t think it was possible, but our adventure together just got creepier.” 
He smiled again and started down the stairs.









Chapter Nine

 Fearing being alone in the run down cabin, I followed Ezra down the creepy stairs. When we reached the bottom, I noticed a light at the end of a tunnel. I was so happy to see electricity I began walking faster. As we got closer, a door came into view with light escaping at the bottom and sides. I thought I had died or was in the movie Poltergeist and wasn’t sure which one was a scarier thought. Beside the door was a small key pad. Ezra punched in a bunch of numbers and we heard a loud click. He turned the knob and pushed the door open. 
“Welcome to my home,” he said as we walked in. It took a moment for my eyes to adjust but I was speechless when they finally did. The floors were made of egg white marble, between each wall were rows of tall columns and the ceiling had artwork Da Vinci himself must have painted. The entire room looked more like a gallery at a museum than a room in a house. In the middle of the grand room was a giant Victorian style water fountain. 
“Wha.. What? This is your house? You live here?” I finally got out. Our steps echoed against the walls as we walked to another room which looked quite different from the first. It was more relaxed and less expensive. A big white plush rug sat in the middle of the room with a modern looking white couch on top pointed at a roaring fireplace. I thought it was a bit overkill, being a vampire, to have everything white but who am I to judge. Blood stains, that’s all I’m saying. 
“Ah, Ezra, welcome home, my dear!” A tiny older lady strolled into the room. She couldn’t have been over five feet tall and was about eighty years old. Her cute little pepper gray bun and apron made her look like she just walked out of the Keebler Elf tree. I bet she could bake the hell out of some cookies. She walked over and gave Ezra a hug. 
“Thank you, Nelly. This is my friend, Emily. She will be staying with us for a while, please make sure she gets anything she needs. We had to leave her home in a rush so she might need quite a few things to make her stay comfortable.” 
She turned to me and took my hands in hers, which were pleasantly warm. She reminded me of a grandmother I never had. I don’t know if it was from all the adrenalin of the day or I was just crazy but I started tearing up. My life had been turned upside down. I had almost been killed a few times and I was worried about my mother. I should have given myself some slack for being so emotional. 
“Oh, dear, please, sweet heart, come here.” She pulled me into a hug and it was so comforting, I didn’t want to let go. She smelled like apple pie and chocolate. I felt the urge to run my hands up and down her back as if I was the one comforting her. Ezra cleared his throat and I felt embarrassed about my awkward behavior. 
“Wow, I am sorry, I guess I’ve just had a crazy day and really needed a hug. Hope that wasn’t too weird, I’m not a crazy person,” I said to her as I let out a strange laugh that probably made it sound like I was crazy. What the hell was wrong with me? 
“It’s perfectly ok, my dear, it happens all the time. I’ll just go make you a snack.” She turned on her heels and walked out. 
I felt completely out of it, and turned to Ezra. He was laughing. 
“What the hell just happened? Oh my lord, Ezra, I am so sorry, I don’t know what just came over me,” I apologized. 
“Emily, Nelly is a supernatural, just like us. She is a brownie.” 
“Like an elf?” I couldn’t get the thought of a Keebler elf out of my head.   
“No, not like an elf. I swear, where do you come up with this stuff? Anyways, Brownies are similar to humans except they have heightened abilities, Nelly, for instance, has an exceptional ability to comfort the soul. Your reaction to her was completely normal.”
“Good thing you cleared that up, I swear I was about to turn into a granny loving lesbian.” I sat down on the couch. I was almost afraid to sit, it just doesn’t feel right to sit on a perfectly white couch, almost uncomfortable. Ezra sat beside me and pulled me into an embrace. I felt ashamed when he did and I compared him to Nelly. Geez, I was trying to rob the nursing home. Ezra laughed and pulled my face to his. He planted his lips on mine and let them linger for a moment. He pulled away 
“I’m sure Nelly can’t kiss as well as I can.”
I sighed and tried to relax a bit. We had lunch together in the dining room. All three of us sat around a table that could seat twelve people. Nelly and I had amazing homemade chicken noodle soup, with crackers and, of course, cookies for desert. Ezra just watched intently. After lunch, I made a grocery list for Nelly and she left. I never saw a second car outside and I wondered if she lived in the house with Ezra and how she planned on getting to the store. As soon as Nelly was out of the door, Ezra turned to me and offered me his arm. 
“Would you like a tour?” he asked. 
“That would be splendid my dear sir,” I replied in my best British accent, which isn’t that great. I linked my arm in his and we started walking. I learned that the house was once part of an underground bunker used to house lost underworld creatures. Ezra explained that at one time different species of supernatural creatures could do as they pleased with no rules or boundaries.  A vampire could make another vampire and leave them to fend for themselves. Finally to protect humans, the FBI stepped in and started a supernatural agency. The agency would hunt down new creatures and bring them in. They would then train them how to conform and live secretly within society. He explained that once they set rules for creating new life, they no longer needed the bunker, so he bought it. Apparently it was quite the remodel.    
“And this is my room,” Ezra stated as we finished the tour. The room was the size of my entire apartment. A giant canopy bed sat in the middle with a crystal chandler hanging over the top. Again, everything was white. 
“What is up with white? Is that vampire pun?” I asked. 
“Actually no, that’s my favorite color,” Ezra replied as he jumped on the bed, giving me a big toothy grin that was just as white as the comforter he laid on. I went over and sat beside him. If I hadn’t been so tired from the activities of the day I might have been nervous. He sat up and looked me in the eyes. He had the brightest blue eyes I have ever seen. With all the excitement, I hadn’t had much of a chance to admire his perfectly sculpted body and model ready face. His hair fell into his face and I pushed it back gently. His skin was cold and ever so soft. He leaned in closer and I could feel his breath on my skin. He gently placed his lips on my neck and I thought I would explode. His touch sent shivers throughout my body, even my toes curled. His phone burst out into song, ruining our perfect moment. Good thing too, because I wasn’t so tired anymore. 
“I will kill whoever that is,” Ezra said with a serious look on his face. I wasn’t sure if he was joking or not. He reached in his pocket and pulled out his phone. As it came out of his jeans I realized what song was playing. “Ding dong the witch is dead,” sang the munchkins loudly though the speaker as he answered the call. 
“What the hell do you want?” he scolded into the phone, 
“I sure hope that’s not Nelly on the phone,” I snarled at him, not realizing I had said it out loud. I needed to get away from this brownie, she’s totally messing with my mojo. 
“She’s fine, Damon knocked on her door and we had to leave.” Ezra still didn’t look very happy about the interruption. He sat for a few seconds in silence before he sighed. “Actually no, you just missed her,” 
I snatched the phone from him. “Hey, Gavin! How’s my witch from another bitch doing?” I greeted. 
“Emily, are you ok?” Gavin asked, ignoring my greeting. 
“I’m fine. Why?” I asked as if nothing was happening. Being in the moment with a hot vampire will do that to you. 
“I got to headquarters and Robert told me you called him and you guys left the apartment. I need to meet up with you, I’m your protector,” he said, as if I needed protection. The only protection I need is from Ezra. 
“Well, I have Ezra here and I don’t think anyone is going to find us. But I’ll ask him, hold on.” I put the phone against my hand and turned to Ezra, who was now pacing the floor. 
“Gavin said he needs to be here with us. I don’t exactly know how to give directions to your place. Do you have an address or something?” I was unsure if I was asking the right question. Clearly Ezra was not happy about Gavin being involved anymore but I didn’t think he had a choice in the matter. I was catching on, Robert called the shots and the boys took orders. 
I was still wondering how you would give directions to the house. Take a left at the second swamp, go down till you see the dead opossum on the side of the road and take a right, park in front of the creepy shack, spin around three times, click your heels together and say there’s no place like Ezra’s place. 
Ezra snatched the phone from my hand. 
“Ow.” It didn’t really hurt my hand but I was pissed that he was being such a douche about it. 
“You know damn well I cannot tell you our location.” He fell silent. 
I sat closer to listen in, I wanted to hear what Gavin had to say.
“Oh, I know you, I can guess where you are. You wouldn’t pass up a chance to show off,” Gavin replied.
“Then why ask,” Ezra’s eyes darted from me to the floor and he finally sighed and hung up the phone. We didn’t make a sound for a minute till I was fed up with the silence. 
“Soooo, I take it Gavin will be here for dinner,” I stated sarcastically. I knew it bruised his ego but he was an ass for snatching the phone from me. 
He glared at me and then smiled. “Sorry you are caught up in the drama.” His perfect smile made me remember what we were doing before we were interrupted, yet I was too annoyed to even consider starting that again. 
“Ezra, it’s not drama when he is trying to keep me safe. I don’t understand what the deal is between you two.”  
He returned to the bed and sat down beside me. I could tell he was trying to figure out how to answer. “Let’s just say vampires don’t trust someone who can cast a spell. It’s not natural.”
I was offended. “And a vampire who drinks blood is natural?” 
“Ok, bad choice of words. What I meant to say is vampires don’t trust witches, wizards or warlocks. We tend to stay as far away as possible. Except for the two I work with I try to stay as far away as possible. They are bad news.”
“Ok well you guys keep trying to convince me that I’m a witch, so are you… flirting with me to annoy Gavin?” I asked, suddenly wondering if Nelly was back. I could use a brownie hug. 
“What? No, Emily, I have real feelings for you. I know you feel the same way for me.” He looked hurt. 
“Ya know what, Ezra? You don’t know what I feel. You only know what I think. I’ll go ahead and tell you exactly what I think so you don’t have to pull it out of my head. I think that I should stay away from you and Gavin. At least until this Damon situation blows over. I think I have enough on my plate right now. ” I slid off the bed. Tears were threatening to fall and I was willing them back with everything I had. 
“Em, I didn’t mean—“ 
“Yeah, yeah whatever.” I walked out. I had no idea where I was going but I just needed to calm down. Walking hall after hall I began to think I was lost. Honestly I didn’t care. I just want to get as far away from Ezra as possible. 









Chapter Ten

I opened a door and as soon as my eyes adjusted to the darkness decided this would be my room. The only light came from a few dozen red and black candles placed randomly around the room and the fire in the dark marble fireplace. I flipped on the light, which was a giant chandelier. The black wood canopy bed had black mesh fabric draped across the top, reaching the floor. Across from the fireplace was a dark red couch. I opened the mesh and fell unto the dark red comforter. It felt as if I was melting into a gooey marshmallow. “A girl could get used to this,” I sighed. 
“Well, unless you like sharing, you probably shouldn’t get too used to it,” a male voice said, knocking me out of my trance. 
“Oh, I am so sorry. I thought I was alone. I didn’t realize anyone else lived here.” I sat up quickly and noticed the dark figure standing in the doorway. The man was tall, about six feet, and had a captivating, dark tan complexion and very short jet black hair. His face was beautiful and seemed a tad bit scruffy. Other than his amazing good looks, he seemed pretty normal. He was wearing some jeans and a black tee shirt. He looked as though he was not a stranger to the gym. And I mean that in the sense that if he were to flex he could rip his shirt with his biceps. Standing propped up against the doorway, he looked like a fantasy wet dream come true. Just what I didn’t need, another hot guy running around to tempt me. 
“I don’t live here, I’m only visiting.” He crossed the room toward me. I wanted to crawl across the bed to escape but held my ground. He radiated confidence and sensuality. As he came closer, his big golden brown eyes burned into mine, and I swallowed loudly. He stopped about a foot in front of me and I slid off the bed. We were standing slightly too close for complete strangers, especially with my track record of people trying to kill me. But looking deeply into his eyes, I could just tell he would never touch a hair on my head unless it was in the heat of the moment. His lips were the prime example of what women pay money for, puffy and kissable. I had to get this crap out of my head. This was the third guy I was falling all over in a week. I was becoming tramp material. I was becoming my worst nightmare, Vicky. 
He smiled at the awkward silence that surrounded us. Just as I suspected, a perfect white gleaming smile greeted me.  “I’m Axle.” 
“Of course you are,” I replied, not exactly meaning to say it out loud. I was still in a trance from his beauty. He laughed at my comment. What was up with the universe dropping all these gorgeous men in my lap at once? Couldn’t they at least be spread out a little, maybe one a week? That would give me enough time to destroy any hope of a relationship with each of them. 
“I work with Ezra. I usually stay in this room when I visit.” He still refused to leave my personal space. I looked around at the room. It would be such a shame to give up this beauty. I noticed the gigantic tub built into the floor and it was over, I had to fight back. 
“So do you have your things with you or are they already here in the room?” I asked, coming up with a plan as fast as my brain could think. 
He gave me a confused look before answering slowly. “No, we just arrived so all my belongings are with me.” 
“Ah, I see. Well, Axle, was it? Hmm, see I have already made claim on this room, all of my belongings are unpacked. I’ve moved in and it would be such a shame…” I couldn’t finish before he walked across the room to the dresser and opened it, calling my bluff. 
He turned to stare back at me.  “You were saying?” he asked as he pointed to the empty drawer. This was going to be harder than I thought. 
“As I was saying, all of my belongings are already in this room so it would seem pointless for me to pack up and leave. I believe the gentlemanly thing to do would be to find a new room to stay in,” I informed him. 
He briskly walked back over to me. I was proud of myself for standing my ground. He had a gleam in his eyes that said this was exciting him. 
“Too bad I’m not a gentleman,” he finally replied. 
I wasn’t sure where he was going with that but I couldn’t help but picture him in drag. I’m sure his comment didn’t exactly mean he wasn’t a man but my mind is messed up. 
“So, Emily, let me ask you a question. Do you sleep nude because I didn’t see any pajamas in the dresser?” He walked over and sat on the couch, making himself comfortable. I was so taken aback at the thought of being nude in this room I turned three shades of red. I cleared my throat and walked over to stand in between him and my cozy fireplace. I wasn’t giving up this room.
“That is none of your business and how did you know my name?” I asked, crossing my arms across my chest. 
“Well, then I guess you are also planning on wearing what you have on during your stay here.” He ignored my question. 
“Look, dude. I was here first so that makes this my room. I’m not leaving,” I said, reverting back to the first grade. All I needed was a foot stomp and a pout. 
“That’s fine with me, I don’t mind sharing. But you should know,” He stood and walked over until he stood inches away from me, “I do sleep nude.” He smiled and walked out.  
I stood with my mouth wide open in shock. No way was I sharing this room with anyone, especially someone that hot. I might consider with Nelly… ah, I did not just think that. I wondered where that Brownie was at. 
Axle had said we just arrived, maybe Gavin had come in with him. That would have been quick, but maybe that is what he was telling Ezra on the phone. That he was already on the way so there was no use in arguing. I decided to look around and find out.
After a few wrong turns and dead end hallways, I decided I no longer liked Ezra’s maze he called home. A home should not be so big that you are unable to find the fridge in the middle of the night. At least you would burn every calorie you consume walking around. I turned the corner and ran into Gavin. 
“Oh, Gavin!” I exclaimed as I gave him a big hug. 
He returned the hug, holding me tight. “Hey, how are you settling in? Do you need anything?”
“Meh, I’m ok. I just met this jerk though who is trying to steal my room right out from under me.” As I said it Axle came up around Gavin with a big smile on his face. 
“Aw, now, pumpkin, I thought we were sharing?” he asked as he laughed. 
“Axle, Emily is a guest here, just let her have the room,” Gavin said, looking upset. I gave Axle my best ‘na-na-naa boo boo’ look. He returned a look that clearly said we would be sharing. 
“Nah, it’s too easy. She’ll break. Plus the red room is mine.” He walked past me, bumping into my arm and almost knocking me over. What a douche bag. 
“What do you think Robert will say of that sleeping arrangement?” Gavin asked, stopping Axle in his tracks. The name made my ears stand at attention. 
“Robert is here?” I asked, suddenly feeling nervous but trying to seem nonchalant. 
“He will be here later tonight,” Gavin stated, more to Axle than me. I felt my throat begin to close. Finally I would meet the SOB who made me. I really didn’t know what to say to him. I was so pissed that he was never around. My entire life I had to explain to nosey m’fers why I didn’t know my father. He left before my mother could even get the words ‘I’m pregnant’ out of her mouth. Now I would meet him face to face. It felt like I was about to meet the enemy. 
“Em, you ok?” Axle asked, grabbing me around my waist to keep me up. Guess I was looking a little pale. I couldn’t answer him. Everything was closing in around me. The walls were moving back and forth like an ocean wave. My lungs gave way and it was difficult to breathe. My knees gave way and if wasn’t for Axle I would have fallen to the floor. I couldn’t understand why my body reacted so violently about the possibility of meeting my father. 
“I’m taking her to her room,” Axle stated to Gavin as he scooped me up with ease. At least he was giving up the room. Each step he took seemed effortless. He gently placed me on the bed and his face stayed awfully close to mine. There seemed to be something on his mind and I was praying he wouldn’t kiss me. I had enough men drama. I didn’t need to add another dude to the mix. His expression was soft and he studied me, looking worried. 
“So you gave up, huh?” I asked, finally able to speak again. 
“Nah, I only said that in case you died. I couldn’t have you thinking I was a complete dirt bag as your last thought.” He smiled, looking less worried. 
“Axle, what are you?” I asked, afraid of his answer. 
“What do you mean?” he asked, looking away. Clearly he knew what I was asking but didn’t feel comfortable answering. 
“Well, for one thing, you said you work with Ezra, and he’s a vampire.” I slowly sat up, feeling much better. 
“What? Ezra’s a vampire?” He joked. 
“Maybe you shouldn’t concern yourself with our petty little defects. You need rest.” He studied the ground as if he was embarrassed. The man had not one ounce of fat on his beautiful body. He had flawless amazing skin and eyes that could melt titanium with beautiful dark tan skin, and yet here he was ashamed of himself. “Why would you say defect? Like it’s such a bad thing?” I really wanted to give him a hug but thought it would be best if we never touched. Ever. 
“You’ve been through a lot. I’ve got some things to do so I’ll leave you be. Try the bath. I’ll be back later to check on you.” 
“Hey, can I ask you a question?” I asked.
“Ok, but I’m not sure I’m going to answer.”
I knew I would like this guy. He tried to seem like a jerk but he really was a sweetheart, I could tell.
“Can you at least tell me if you can read minds?” I asked. 
He laughed and walked out, never answering my question. 
It only took me ten minutes to figure out the knobs on the high tech bath tub. There was a button that automatically added bubble bath to the water. Wow. I decided I never would need a man again in my life. What I really needed was that tub in my apartment. I stripped and stepped in. This tub was so big there were actual steps on the side to get in. It could hold at least six people easily. It reminded me of a huge hot tub that was built into the ground. I could easily swim around in there. I was beginning to relax, soaking up the heat, surrounded by bubbles, when the door came flying open. Ezra stormed in and slammed the door. 










Chapter Eleven

“What the hell, Ezra? I thought you needed a damn invitation or something.” I scooped up as many bubbles as I could fit in my arms, clutching them close. 
“What… I’m going to ignore that comment. I heard you were sharing this room with Axle,” he yelled. His hands were in fists by his side. He looked silly if you asked me. Like a child throwing a fit for some candy. His remark caught me off guard and my mouth was wide open. 
“Well, actually—” I started but he interrupted me. Good thing too because I really didn’t know how to explain the situation. 
“You really aren’t unlucky, you just keep looking for death. Why would you even consider Axle, of all people? He is dangerous.”  
“Um, wow I don’t even know,” I started again. 
“Come on, I can understand why you would be mad at me but are you trying to make me jealous or something?” 
“Ok, enough, Ezra. Take a chill pill for one second and let me answer,” I yelled back and noticed I was starting to lose bubbles. I sank down into the water to keep covered. 
“First off, we are not dating so I’m allowed to share whatever I want with whomever I want. And second, why do you think Axle is so dangerous?” I asked curiously. If he thought that this guy was more dangerous than a vampire I had to hear this. 
“He didn’t tell you?”  He squatted beside the tub, which made me tingle at the thought that I was naked in the same room as Ezra. Mad was a sexy look for Ezra. Hell, every look was a sexy look for Ezra. 
“Ezra, please just come out with it already.”  
“Axle is a werewolf,” he stated, studying each of my bubbles. I didn’t need to be a vampire to know what was on his mind. All these hot men around me and I couldn’t think of anyone except Ezra. He had won. 
“Well, that doesn’t sound that dangerous. I mean a vampire sounds scarier than a werewolf. I wasn’t trying to make you jealous, I just really like this tub,” I said perhaps slightly flirting. I put my finger to my mouth and gave him a look over. I couldn’t stay mad at that man. His essence made my body shiver. He gave me a hard stare before he climbed in the tub, fully clothed, and waded over to me. Water overflowed from the tub. I was disappointed for a second that he was destroying my room. Gripping my wet hair in his massive hands, he pulled my face to his, panting as he placed his forehead on mine. 
“Emily, you drive me mad.” His breath sent a wave of electricity down my spine and I licked my lips. 
“Ezra, you just jumped in my bath tub with your clothes on,” I reminded him. Not that I minded. 
He pulled my head to the left and gently ran his teeth down my neck, it was just painful enough to be sexy. My eyes rolled into the back of my head and I moaned out loud. He pushed himself against me underwater and I could immediately tell he was ready for action. 
“Would you prefer I had taken my clothes off?” he whispered into my ear. 
“Oh god, no,” I moaned. He pushed himself against me again and moaned in response. I was going to explode if he kept going. 
“Ezra, you have to stop,” I croaked, feeling as if we didn’t stop we would end up sleeping together. He held my breasts in his hands and massaged them as his lips were still all over my neck, moving up. His lips met mine and I felt so close to losing it. I couldn’t imagine having sex, with Gavin and Axle in this house. I still wasn’t quite over our argument from earlier. I knew he had beef with Gavin, not me, but still I felt some little possessiveness toward Gavin. Plus, no matter what everyone else thought, I knew there was no way I was a witch. Ezra said I drove him crazy, but he was driving me crazy. I didn’t know if I should kiss him or stake him. I pushed against his chest, disconnecting our lips. 
“Ezra, for real we have to stop,” I said, not sure if I was making the right decision. 
“Why? I don’t understand. I want you. You want me. It seems easy enough.” He pushed against my hands. 
“It’s not easy between us, I have a lot going on right now and like I said earlier, I’m done with you, Gavin, and who ever. At least until this situation with Damon is done. I have a vampire out there trying to kill me.” I was proud that I was standing my ground. 
“Just give me five minutes to change your mind,” he moaned into my ear and I nearly gave up. I was stuck. It’s not like I could get up and walk out. I was naked. 
“I’ll make you a deal. As soon as Damon is gone and I am safe, we can date.” I pushed him back again. This time I grabbed a towel and stepped out, quickly covering myself. 
“That’s my deal, Ezra, take it or leave it.” 
He placed his hands on the floor, still standing in the bath tub, and banged his head on the floor in defeat. 
“Emily, I don’t understand why we can’t be together now.” 
I was getting annoyed and I was still standing in a towel, dripping wet. 
“How many witches have you been with?” I bravely asked. 
“In what sense do you mean?” he replied, clearly not wanting to answer my question. 
“Well, I guess if I have to clarify then maybe I really don’t want to know.” There was a small knock on my door and I walked over in my towel and threw open the door. It was Nelly, holding about twenty bags in her arms. Each was a different color. 
“Oh dear, I hope I’m not interrupting.” She peeked around at Ezra, who was still fully clothed in the bath tub. I grabbed a few bags with one arm still clinging to my towel with the other. 
“Thank you, Nelly, you weren’t interrupting. We were finished.” I glared at Ezra as we deposited the bags on the bed. I was hoping for the first time that Ezra would read my thoughts and hear some of the nasty names I was calling him, get the hint and leave. He apparently did. He stood up, jumped out of the bath and stormed out, dripping water on his way out. 
“Hah, men.” I awkwardly laughed at Nelly, who had one eyebrow raised. “I mean, women aren’t much better but… I mean it’s not like I know much about women. I like men, well, I am a woman so I guess I would know some about women.” I started babbling like an idiot, but thankfully Nelly interrupted. 
“It’s ok, dear, now if you don’t mind I have to start dinner, let me know if there is anything else you need.” 
I leaned in to give her a hug and had second thoughts so I did a weird almost hug. 
She walked out, shaking her head and laughing under her breath. There I was alone, surrounded by bags and a wet mess. I looked around the room, water trailed all over the floor as well as bubbles around the tub where the water had overflowed. The bed was now a mess and just wasn’t as pretty as it had been. Come to think of it, the room just didn’t appeal to me at all anymore. So I did what any kind, decent person would do in the situation. I grabbed up my bags and scrambled to the door directly across the hall. 
It wasn’t as nice as the red room but it sure was cleaner. The theme was yellow and purple, which is ok with me. I’m a LSU fan. I threw on the first thing I grabbed from the nearest shopping bag, which happened to be pajama pants and tee shirt set. I searched the bags for a brush and found it in the fourth bag I opened. I brushed my hair as best as I could and walked out. 
It took me a few minutes to find the dining room but following the smells made it much easier. I was trying to figure out how Nelly would have prepared dinner so quickly as I walked into the room. Everyone was sitting around the table, filling their plates, as I sat down next to Axle 
“I’ve been thinking, I’m not going to be here too long and the red room is a bit dark soooo, you can have it. Sorry I made such a fuss to begin with,” I said with a bright smile as I grabbed a plate, 
Axle was already shoving a roll in his mouth. He took a few bites swallowed and grinned. “Well, thank you, Emily, that’s very nice of you. I knew you would give in sooner or later, although I was planning on finding amusement in changing your mind.” 
I just gave him my sweetest smile as I thought about the mess he would return to. I looked over to see Nelly giving me a questionable look.
 “Wow, Nelly, you made dinner fast,” I said, filling my plate. It was a feast. Turkey, stuffing, gravy, potatoes, chicken, three different kinds of vegetables, and four pies filled the table. She really had out done herself. It looked like Thanksgiving. 
“Actually, Gavin prepared the dinner tonight,” she said, laughing. 
“Whoa, Gavin. I didn’t know you could cook,” I said. He was sitting quietly next to Nelly. Axle started laughing loudly. 
“Honey, when you have magic, you don’t have to know how to do anything.” He looked pleased with himself. I wasn’t sure if he was trying to insult Gavin but his comment just made me wish I had made more of a mess on the way out of the red room. 
“What do you mean?” I asked, piling my plate. I didn’t care what they thought of me, I was starving. 
“He means I didn’t really cook it,” Gavin replied, glaring at Axle. 
I was still confused. “Ok, I don’t get it. What am I missing?”  
“You really are such a blonde, sweetheart. Gavin is a wizard, he made this food out of thin air. He didn’t really cook it, he did a spell or some hocus pocus crap,” Axle said between bites. Gavin was looking down at his plate. 
“You used magic? Can you teach me how to do that?” I asked, ignoring Axle. 
“Well, actually I would need to ask Robert first,” Gavin said. 
“Why would you have to ask him? He has nothing to do with me. Plus, it would prove whether or not I can do magic,” I interrupted. 
He thought for a moment in silence before he answered. “Well, I guess I could teach you a few little things, I don’t see any harm.” As soon as the words came out of his mouth, I jumped up in glee ran over and gave him a big hug. As my luck would have it, Ezra decided to join us at that exact moment and he didn’t look too happy about it. I just sent him a message from my mind telling him to mind his own business. 
I got back to my room and was so exhausted. I plopped down on the big bed, wishing the purple comforter was red. I closed my eyes and thought long and hard about exactly what I had given up in the red room. The dark blood colored comforter, that amazing bath tub, even those stupid red and black candles. The room had bewitched me, I felt so silly for giving it so much thought. I heard my phone buzzing in my purse on the nightstand. I opened my eyes and went to reach for it and stopped midway in shock. I was back in the red room. Every detail was exactly the same, down to the red and black candles. 









Chapter Twelve

My heart stopped beating for a minute, and I was scared to move. I jumped out of bed and shuffled across to my door, not taking my eyes away from the room. I ran across the hall and threw open the door, walking into a second red room. I really could not figure out what happened. Maybe my eyes were playing tricks on me, or maybe I ate something that caused me to hallucinate. I walked around, not even noticing Axle standing in the middle of the room wearing nothing but a towel. Ok, I lied, I noticed him. Even a blind person wouldn’t be able to ignore the artwork of the Gods. His perfectly sculpted eight pack of abs screamed ‘touch me.’ I had never in my life seen so many muscles on a person. Of course there were those men in the body building competitions who looked like they fell asleep in a tanning bed and then swam in some baby oil. But they scared me. There was nothing scary about Axle’s body. Suddenly I realized I had burst in the man’s room and stood there staring at his half naked body. 
“Change your mind, sweetheart?” he asked with a perfect sly smile on his face. 
Eh, totally killed my libido with that remark. I turned around and walked out. Let him think I’m crazy. What’s one more person? I walked back into my room, almost afraid to go in. A sigh escaped my chest as I found the purple and yellow room had returned. Maybe I really needed some sleep. 
 I lay in bed, staring at the ceiling until I heard a buzzing and remembered my phone. I ran over and pulled it out of my purse. Damn, ten missed calls from my mother, one missed call from Harold (Gag) and one text earlier from Kimmy asking me if I ‘had hit that.’ I was guessing she was talking about Ezra since the last time I saw her I was with him. I hit a button and held my breath as I called my mother back, scared to death of what I would do if she didn’t answer. Thoughts of her dead body lying on the floor crept into my thoughts. The call went to her voicemail 

‘‘Hello? Oh crap, this is my recordin’, um, hi, this is Betty. I’m not around right now. I’m probably doing something important. Leave me a message and if I can figure this mail thing out I’ll call you back…” Silence… “Emily, what button do I press?” BEEP. Gotta love the woman. 
“Mom, it’s Emily. This is the first time I’ve ever heard your voicemail, and I’m a little worried. Call me back. Love you,” I said to the voicemail, sure she would never be able to check it. She would probably call me over the next day because the unopened envelope would drive her nuts.  I swallowed a lump that was building in my throat. I ran my hands over my face and through my hair. What if Damon went after my mother to get back at me, and he had been trying to call all day to negotiate his terms of release? What if it was too late and he already sucked her dry? Tears filled my eyes as I thought of every bad thing Damon would do to her. I jumped as my phone stated vibrating. Mom. Boy, this was the happiest I have ever been to talk to my mother. 
“Mom, where the hell have you been? I’ve been so worried. Why didn’t you answer?” 
“Calm down, Emily, I was in the bathroom. Can’t a woman have a moment to herself ever now and again?” she replied. 
“So what’s wrong then?” 
“What do you mean?” 
“Mom, I had ten missed calls from you today.” 
“Oh yeah, you remember Brandon McDaniel’s? You went to homecoming with him in eighth grade. You had the biggest crush on him.”
“Yeah, what about him?” I course I remember him. He took my virginity then dumped me. I still didn’t understand what this had to do with my mother’s emergency.  
“Well, he just got married. Can you believe that? He was such a little brat. I’m still trying to find out who the sucker is that said yes to that miserable loser. I really thought he was gay.” 
I felt my jaw drop. It was shocking that Brandon was getting married, I was holding on hope for us to fall in love at our class reunion. But I was furious with her for scaring me like she did. 
“Mom… I thought you were dead,” I said softly, hoping to get the point across to her. 
“Why on earth would you think that?” she huffed. 
“There is still a killer out there, Mom!” I yelled. 
“Oh, I know, but I’m protected. I bought some garlic, crosses and I even got some holy water,” she replied like it didn’t even worry her one bit. She really did believe that this guy was a vampire. Kudos to her for solving the mystery, even though no one would know she was right except me, everyone else would think she was just being crazier than usual. 
“Where did you get holy water from?” I asked, afraid of her answer. 
“Church, of course. They don’t sell this crap at the drug store, Emily.”
Honestly, I didn’t even want to know if she asked or just stole the water. I couldn’t decide which was worse. I hung up the phone soon after. I told her that I had an emergency at work and had to go out of town. It sounded a bit silly, working for 911 to have an emergency at work, but she took the bait. It didn’t feel right lying to my mother, but I had to keep telling myself that I was keeping her safe.  
I decided I needed some rest, I’d had a rough day. I fell asleep quickly and had a dreamless night. I woke up to my phone buzzing. I almost fell over as I reached for it on the night stand. 
“This had better be good,” I answered. 
“Hello, Emily.” A male’s voice greeted me, causing a shock wave through my body. I dropped the phone and tried to breathe. Pull it together, Em, you don’t even know who is on the phone. Maybe Harold hit puberty and is calling to check on you. I slowly picked up my phone.
“Who is this?” I whispered into the receiver, feeling very proud of myself for having a voice at all. 
“I think you already know who this is.”
“Harold?” I prayed. 
“What? No, would you like to guess again?” He sounded like he was getting annoyed with me, that didn’t take long. 
“Brandon McDaniels?” I squeaked. Hopefully he changed his mind about his new wife. 
“Are you kidding me? It’s Damon.” You would think we were long lost friends having a conversation. 
“What do you want? I don’t understand why you are chasing me around like a crazy stalker. And what’s up with the freaky hood? Do you think it makes you look cool, because it doesn’t, it’s kind of creepy.” I was rambling again. Don’t judge me, you don’t know what you would say to some psycho when he calls and wakes you up till it happens. 
“Emily, please shut up,” he interrupted. 
“Geez, ok you don’t have to be so rude. Man, it must be a vampire thing to be so moody. You ever heard of double sided tape by chance?” I continued babbling. Maybe if I annoyed him enough he would give up and leave me alone. 
“I have your friend here,” he answered. My heart stopped. Since I only had one friend, I knew exactly who he was talking about.  
“Oh, my God. You bastard, you had better not touch one hair on her head.” Immediately after saying it, I wanted to take it back. It sounded like a cheesy line from a movie. 
“You know what I want, so let’s trade,” he said. This threw me for a loop. I actually didn’t know what I had to trade but there was no way I could tell him that. He had my Kimmy. 
“Tell me when and where,” I said with as much courage as I could muster. 
“Be at the 7-eleven exactly twelve hours from now, waiting in front of the pay phone for my call.”
I looked at the clock beside my bed, it was seven thirty at night. It was a strange request.  
“But why would you call me on the pay phone when you have my cell phone number? And why twelve hours, why not when I get there I’ll get there?” I made valid points. 
“Are you kidding me, just be at your 7-eleven tomorrow morning.” He hung up. I couldn’t even argue the point that I was trapped in the labyrinth with no way out, no ride, and no way in hell I was getting by a vampire, wizard and werewolf. Besides, it would kill me to leave Nelly. Even if I did happen to find a way out, I had no idea how to drive a stick shift. At least I had enough time to learn, or walk for that matter. 
I decided to take my chances. I began to strip, grabbed a pair of jeans from a bag and pulled them on as fast as I could. I wondered how Nelly got my size right. The jeans fit better than any I owned at home. I pulled on a short sleeve t-shirt, threw my hair into a loose bun and put on some tennis shoes. I grabbed my purse and started out for Ezra’s room, dreading what was to come. 
I found his room pretty quickly and hid my purse behind a plant in the hall in case things went south maybe I could lie my way out. Yes, Emily, lie to the mind reading vampire. That sounds like a great plan. I had a feeling this was going to end badly. 
I opened the door slowly and peeked in. No Ezra to be found. I pushed the door open farther and stepped in. I saw keys on the mantle of the fireplace, grabbed them and ran out feeling like I was being chased. Some sick feeling inside me made me want to giggle. I picked up my purse on the way out and located the living room. I backtracked my way out and crept up the freaky stairway to the empty shack. It was pitch black as I exited the stairs. I ran out the shack’s front door, straight into some guys chest. It scared me so bad I struck my best ninja move and started chopping him with my hand. 
“Ow, would you please stop?” I recognized his voice. He was Robert, my father. He looked way too young to be my dad. My mom must have robbed the cradle with this one. With a head full of strawberry blonde hair and blue eyes, we could pass as twins. Except for our fashion sense. He wore a polo tucked into some khaki pants, with tennis shoes.  
“Oh, my dear, I am so sorry, sir. I was just dropping some things off for my Aunt Nelly. I was in a hurry to get to work.” I was holding my breath, hoping to God he was as stupid as he looked. 
“Oh, I didn’t know Nelly had any family. I apologize.” Bingo, he was an idiot. I gave him the biggest smile I could muster. It was dusk outside, I was hoping that would help me hide my identity, if he would take one good look at me he would know I was his daughter.  
“You have a nice night, sir,” I said and took the opportunity to leave. I got all the way to the car I could still feel his eyes on my back. Hopefully he wasn’t checking out my ass. That would be an awkward discussion when he finally discovered that I was his daughter. 
“I’m sorry I didn’t get your name.” Dammit to hell, he was annoying me. 
“Ah, my name is Tasha,” I answered, unlocking the car. 
“Tasha, what a pretty name.” Oh dear God, please say my Father is not hitting on me. I smiled in response and opened the door.
“Can I ask why you are taking Ezra’s car?” he asked. 
“Well, my car broke down so my Aunt Nelly asked Ezra if I could borrow his. We’re kind of dating anyways so he really didn’t mind.” I was laying it on thick. Feeling like I was sinking quickly, I added, “I’m very sorry but I am very late, I must go. It was very nice meeting you.” 
I turned back to the car and felt my heart drop as he replied, “It was nice to meet you too, Emily.” 









Chapter Thirteen

 I had my hand on the opened door and decided there was only one thing to do. I was a good teenager; I never snuck out, never broke curfew, so why I thought I would be able to escape from my own flesh and blood is beyond me. But none the less, I tried. As soon as the door slammed, I was hitting the lock button like it was my life line. And it was, if I didn’t get to Kimmy, Damon would kill her and I could not live without my Kimmy Bear. I rammed the key into the ignition as Robert banged on the window. He was yelling but with all the adrenalin coursing through my veins I couldn’t understand a word he said. 
“Ezra’s not going to be very happy with you banging on his window like that, Robert. He loves this car,” I informed him. I hit the clutch and threw the stick into the R position. I hit the gas and flew backwards, then stomped on the brakes and threw it into first. This time the car died. Frick, I really should have paid attention in Driver’s Ed when we learned how to drive a manual. My argument to the coach who taught the class kept replaying in my mind 
“Coach, seriously what are the chances that I will ever be in an emergency situation where I will have to drive a manual car without help?” Bad on me. I turned the ignition again and the car purred. 
“Come on, baby. Don’t embarrass me in front of my dead beat dad,” I said to the car. I hit the gas and zoomed down the street. I was changing gears like I was playing a racing game in Chucky Cheese, feeling like I was on top of the world. As soon as I got on a real road, I decided I had no idea where in hell I was at. I noticed the GPS on the dash and started poking at the screen before I finally gave up. I grabbed my phone and hit the map button. Current location to home, and bam three hours and nineteen minutes I would be closer to saving Kimmy. Thank Jesus for technology. Ten minutes into my drive, my phone started ringing. I didn’t recognize the number so I answered, thinking it could be Damon. 
“Hello?” I answered, smiling. I had just done the impossible. I escaped the house of freaks. I felt dirty, I had stolen a car. It was a good feeling, I was quite proud of myself.  
“Emily, I’m trying to stay calm right now, but your dad just told me that you stole my car. Please tell me he’s lying.” Ezra sounded much calmer than I would have been if someone stole my car. 
“I can neither deny nor confirm that accusation,” I replied. 
“Emily, please don’t mess with me. Where is my car?” 
“What the hell? Please do not worry yourself about me, Ezra, I’m ok.” I was getting annoyed, so I hung up. Three seconds later, my phone started ringing. In my mind I imagined it being Gavin saying, ‘Emily, where are you. I need to be with you. I’m your protector.’ No such luck, Ezra. I decided I had a few hours to burn. I was bored. 
“Yes, Ezra, how can I help you?” I answered. 
“Seriously, Emily, where the hell are you?” he yelled. 
“You guys are big FBI, Men in Black, supernatural cop dudes and you can’t even find your car. That’s pretty sad.”  
“Emily, turn around right now, please.” He was trying to stay calm but he was cracking. 
“Hey, I have an idea. Why don’t you read my mind and figure my location then Axle can track me with his nose, while Gavin and Robert fly on their broom sticks,” I yelled as I hung up. Game over. I couldn’t turn my phone off in case I got a call from Damon. I turned up the radio and jammed out. The car had a very nice bass system and I enjoyed it thoroughly. The closer I got to being back home, the more nervous I got and the more phone calls I received from Ezra. I finally saved his number as ‘Blood Sucking Bastard’ so that I knew not to answer. Thirty minutes till I got home I got a call from an unknown number. I had to answer. 
“hello?” I answered. 
“Emily, Ezra is freaking out, you need to tell me where you are at,” Axle said. 
“You know what I can’t figure out, Axle? Why in the world would you all worry so much about this guy finding me? It’s not like I can really do magic so why does it even matter? You want to know what I think? I think Robert has some shameful daddy issues and feels like he can make it all better by being my knight in shining armor. I don’t need to be saved, Axle, so if you guys wouldn’t mind, please leave me alone.” I hung up. I saved his number as ‘Dumb Dog,’ turned up the volume and kept my foot on the gas pedal. I pulled into the 7-eleven at midnight. I was getting tired and wanted to get this over with. There was no way I was waiting seven more hours to see this bastard. I hit the last number he called me from. 
“Yes?” He answered on the first ring. 
“Look, I’m kind of a wanted woman and I have some serious freaks looking for me right now, so I need to move the deadline up to, let’s say, right now,” I replied, hoping he would accept my offer. 
“Sorry, you are going to have to wait till morning. That’s the deal, you better learn how to hide,” he said and hung up. I had hung up on everyone throughout the day but now I realized how annoying it was and almost felt bad. Thinking it over, I was hoping maybe he was hungry and that’s why he wanted to wait till night time to meet. Where in the hell was I going to hide for a few hours? Better yet, sleep.
The first place Ezra would look for me would be either my house or my mom’s house. So I needed to think of the last place on earth they would every think I would be. 
Vicky would be the ideal place, since I hated her guts. As much as I tried to make the car pull out and go to her house, the worse my stomach felt. It would be a cold day in hell when I hung out with Vicky on my own free will. 
There was only one other place I could think that wouldn’t drive me completely crazy but just enough that no one would ever find me. I went into the 7-eleven and got some beef jerky and a Mountain Dew. I figured Ezra would probably oppose me eating in his car, but since he wasn’t around to object I ate my jerky as I headed into the pits of hell. 
I didn’t have many friends. No one in this town could understand me except Kimmy. And since she was in the hands of a killer, I couldn’t very well call her to hang out. I pulled into Harold’s driveway and turned off the car. I banged my head on the steering wheel before I climbed out and headed up to the front door. Harold lived in a quaint neighborhood. He had a small brick house with some dirty white plastic chairs on the front porch. I knocked on the door, still thinking I should leave. Maybe turning myself in to Ezra wasn’t such a bad idea, after all. A tiny lady opened the door. She was wearing curlers in her gray hair and was in her house coat, as my momma calls it. 
“Can I help you?” she asked, looking as if I had woken her up. I could smell cigarette smoke from inside. Ew, nothing I hate more than people who smoke in their house. 
“Hi, ma’am, I’m looking for Harold. Is he home?” I asked as sweetly as possible. Sweet southern girls are everyone’s weakness. 
“He’s at work right now,” she answered, annoyed. I didn’t blame her, if some crazy girl had woke me up in the middle of the night looking for my son I would have shot her.  
“Why is he working the night shift?” I asked. She gave me an uncertain look. “Sorry, I work with Harold, my name is Emily.” I offered her my hand but she just stared at me like I was a creature from the dark. 
“Someone called in sick. They needed an extra body so Harold volunteered.” 
“Ok, sorry to bother you,” I said and turned and briskly left. I felt like the biggest loser. The one night I needed a place to hide out, and Harold wasn’t even at home. 
It only took me three tries to get the car backed up and back on the road. I was learning that I could go forward with few problems or grinds but backwards was a pain in the rear for me. I decided I really needed some sleep, no matter what it took. I reluctantly drove over to Vicky’s’ house and knocked on the door. I almost laughed when her mother answered. She would never make fun of me again now that I knew she still lived with her mother. 
“Hi, Ms. Kenner. I am so sorry to wake you, is Vicky home?” I asked.
“Honey, you didn’t wake me. I have a disease, so I don’t sleep at night. My doctor calls it insomnia, I call it men. Please come in.” She was a big woman, with short, crazy looking black hair. She had a few greys mixed in. She was wearing red lipstick that was smudged. I couldn’t understand why she was wearing any lipstick at all at this time of night. 
They had a plain home, pictures of Vicky scattered the wall. She was an only child. Her mom looked like an older Vicky except much nicer. I couldn’t see where Vicky had learned her awful ways. “I’m sorry to barge in like this in the middle of the night, but I had a pipe bust and I needed a place to stay. I was wondering if I could stay here tonight,” I boldly asked, praying Vicky wasn’t home. I had a chance with her mom here. 
“Of course, honey! Vicky isn’t here tonight. She’s staying at some boy’s house tonight. You’re welcome to stay in her room.” She was such a sweet women I didn’t know where she went wrong with her daughter.
“Thank you so much.” 
She showed me to the room and said good night. Vicky and I were friends until the first grade. She kissed Nick Roberts on the playground one day in front of the entire class. This wouldn’t have been such a bad thing except he was my boyfriend at the time. Before that we actually liked each other, I had spent the night at her house before. I thought she had bought the house when her mom moved. That was the story she told people so they didn’t know she still lived with her mother. I went to the bathroom to clean up before bed and grabbed a comforter from the hall closet on my way back. There was no way in hell I was sleeping in the same sheets Vicky slept in. I threw the blanket on top of the entire bed and crawled on top.
I fell asleep fairly quickly and slept hard. I woke the next morning at six am, thanked Vicky’s mom for letting me crash and left. I was afraid I would see Ezra leaned up against his car when I opened the front door. I peeked out, surprisingly enough no Ezra. Maybe my luck was turning around. I got in the car and glanced at my phone. Twenty missed calls, a new record. I decided to talk to Ezra to burn some time since I still had an hour before I had to meet Damon. The phone rang three times and I thought he wouldn’t answer. 
“What?” he finally snapped, maybe I woke him up. 
“What are you doing?” I asked nonchalantly. 
“I don’t have time for your games, Emily. Where are you?” 
“Seriously, you haven’t found me yet? This is too easy,” I answered, smiling. There had to be a catch, there was no way I was outsmarting four supernatural dudes with big bad powers. 
“Ezra, do you already know where I am?” I looked around for any cars hanging out that looked like they were filled with too much testosterone. 
“Emily, if I knew where you were at, you would be dead,” he said and I was hoping he was joking. 
“Touché,” I answered. “So where are you at?” 
“I am at home, waiting for your return.” 
“Bullshit. Where are you for real?” I asked, growing tired of his shenanigans. I heard a beep and looked down to see Damon calling. 
“Oops, got to go.” I switched over hanging up on Ezra. “Hello, Damon.”  
“I’m ready,” he said and I had a thought of Ezra lying on the bed as he said that. I shook my head to clear the thoughts. 
“Ok, its go time, where do you want to meet?” I asked. I felt courage seeping through my pores. I am not usually a courageous person so I wasn’t sure where this bravery was coming from. I guess having a bunch of hot body guards around twenty-four/seven was growing on me. 
“I’ll text you the address, you had better come alone,” he warned. 
“I stole Ezra’s car. I’m as much of a criminal as you are. Plus, now he probably will kill us both if he gets the chance.” 
He hung up on me. I waited a few minutes in silence till I finally got the text. I punched the address into my phone and waited for the directions to load. It was only ten minutes away. I got the car out of the driveway on the first try. The house we were meeting at was just down the street from my mom’s house. I pulled in next to a black Range rover. I turned the car off and took a deep breath. It was finally hitting me that I would finally be face to hood with Damon. The mystery man would be revealed, and I wouldn’t have anyone to protect me against him. I felt myself hyperventilating and had to get out of the car quickly. 










Chapter Fourteen

I wasn’t sure if it was nerves or bad luck but I tripped getting out of the car. I gracefully fell flat on my face. I rolled over and lay on my back for a minute, just staring at the sky. After I decided I was being a big baby, I got up, brushed myself off and started walking to the door. Was I supposed to knock or should I ring the doorbell? Should I smile when he answered and wait to be invited in? I thought seriously for a moment about kicking down the door and going in loaded, but the problem with that is I had no weapon. Plus, this dude was a vampire, and it seemed impossible to sneak up on a mind reader. 
With my luck, I’d kick the door and nothing would happen. That would be embarrassing, to kick and kick until I gave up and used the doorknob. I was just about to knock when the door swung open, kind of like it does in a scary movie before someone gets killed. And this is the part of the movie where I yell at the person not to go into the house. Then they go in and die and I say ‘told you so, idiot.’ I was about to be the dead idiot. I had to keep thinking of Kimmy as I pushed open the door. I walked in and it took a minute for my eyes to adjust to the darkness. 
“Shut and lock the door.” I recognized the voice as Damon’s. I did as I was told, feeling like I was shutting the air out of the home. I started feeling a panic attack coming but pushed the thoughts aside. 
“Where is Kimmy?” My voice, along with my legs, weren’t working very well. I tried to take a step into the room and almost fell from weak knees. The house was small and older, the same floor plan as my mom’s house. I walked farther into the room. A dark figure walked closer to me in a hood. He stopped about five feet away. I still couldn’t make out his face. 
He pulled his hood back, and I swear I almost laughed. He was a freaking teenager. He was short, about my height, with that shaggy Justin Bieber haircut and brown eyes. He had a chubby baby face, with an amazing light complexion. I stood waiting for him to do the twitchy head jerk to get his hair out of his face. He was wearing skinny jeans. He looked very emo, which I thought was odd for a vampire. 
“You’re so young.” I stated the obvious out loud. He rolled his eyes and it was such a teenager move. I wanted so badly to grab him by his ears and pull him around. 
“Please stop thinking,” he said, grabbing his head. 
“That’s impossible,” I whispered. 
“I’m almost four hundred years old, I’m not a teenager,” he yelled. 
“Look, I really don’t give a shit about your age issues. I’ve got bigger fish to fry. Now can I please see Kimmy?” I didn’t have time for this kid. 
“I could rip you limb from limb and eat your heart out, don’t talk to me like that,” he threatened. I knew it was true, but just looking into his young face, I couldn’t imagine it happening, so the threat didn’t scare me like it should have. 
“Hey, don’t get your whitey tighteys in a bunch, I’m just saying Ezra will be in town looking for his precious car soon and if he finds it here and finds us, we’re both dead. Let’s get this over with. What do you want me to do?” Some stupid teenager didn’t scare me. Now, the hunky vampire who made my libido melt from just one look scared the bejeezus out of me. 
I guess he took the hint and walked out of the room. He came back in, carrying a big book and dragging someone behind him. She stumbled to stand up and fell back on the floor. As soon as I saw her face, I wanted to throw up. Literally throw up. That idiot teenage teeny bopper hadn’t kidnapped my best friend. Oh no, he couldn’t even get a good kidnapping right. Instead of seeing Kimmy laying on the floor, it was none other than stupid Vicky. Her hands and feet were bound by rope and like usual she was wearing spandex and four inch heels.  
“Are you kidding me?” I asked, pissed off. 
He gave me confused look before pulling it out of my head. 
“I thought you guys were friends,” he replied weakly. 
“What in the world ever gave you that impression?” I yelled, now furious that I had ruined the chance of having the best sex of my life because of Vicky. I felt like stomping my foot and yelling ‘she ruins everything.’  I didn’t care about her. She would have killed me herself if our positions were switched. 
“You will do this spell for me,” he said through gritted his teeth. 
“Pa-lease. You have got to be joking. I ruined a fifty thousand dollar car because of you. You can find some other witch to do it.” I turned to walk out but didn’t get very far. I was shoved backwards to the wall. Vicky shrieked. 
“Maybe I should repeat myself. You will do the spell for me,” he threatened. 
“Oh yeah, and what if I don’t?” I asked. I was pushing my luck. But I was at my breaking point. A slap to my face was his reply. My head snapped to the side. It stung so bad I really wanted to grab my face or cry, but my angry washed away the pain. 
“You’re a little bitch,” I said, looking him in his eyes. Vicky gasped. I wanted to roll my eyes at her. 
I had a feeling Damon was about to kill me. He had me by the throat in seconds. At that point, I got a little scared. He was fuming, holding me off the ground, which seemed impossible since he was shorter than me. It was extremely uncomfortable. No one ever tells you how much it really hurts to be strangled. I could feel my body giving out. My legs were tingling, and my heart beat loudly in my ears. I kicked my legs as hard as I could, trying to fight back. This couldn’t be my last moments, in a room with the one person I hated. I severely wanted to take a breath.  My chest was throbbing with pain. I started scratching at his arm. I had to get free or I was going to die. I had increasing pressure forming in my eyeballs, making them feel as if they were about to pop out of my head. My hearing started to become muffled. I could hear Vicky yelling but I couldn’t make out what she was saying. I wanted so desperately to fall asleep.
Just as the room started closing in on me, I heard the door being kicked down, and I immediately regretted not doing it myself. In strolled the trio of super heroes. It was like a movie, the part where the good guys move in slow motion. Ezra walked in first and radiated with confidence. You could throw a rock at him and it would bounce off his impressive aura. He was wearing some wicked aviator sun glasses and took them off slowly as he stepped across the threshold.  Axle followed, wearing a shirt that was one size too small for his ginormous muscles.  As soon as they walked in, Damon released my throat. I instantly grabbed my neck, gasping and coughing. We stood staring in complete shock. 
Ezra cracked his neck, and we both took off running for our lives. We hurdled over the couch at the same time. Unfortunately, I wasn't as graceful as the vampire and took a nasty fall. I did a ninja roll and kept going. Damon was already running out the back door. In my defense, I was still trying to catch my breath from the death grip he’d held my throat in just seconds before. I slid on the slick kitchen floor and was getting pissed off that I couldn't make a clean escape without nearly killing myself. I was running for my life. Axle pushed by me and I flew into the tiny, off-white kitchen table that was big enough to seat two. 
“Axle, you big oaf,” I croaked out as I threw myself through the door. He was already long gone. I wondered if Ezra was playing some sort of cat and mouse game, getting enjoyment from this. I didn't have to wait long to find out. I took two victorious steps out of the back door and was jerked backwards by my shirt. I was pulled into a big hard sexy chest.  I was too scared to look back.
“Ezra, if you kill me, Robert will fire you,” I tried yelling, I was slightly hoarse. I was wondering why he hadn’t killed me yet. I was more worried about my life at this moment than I ever had been with Damon. I swallowed the bile rising from my stomach and tried to slow my heart. It was about to beat right out of my chest. I slowly turned around with my hands up in retreat. I studied the ground and didn't dare take a peek into Ezra’s beautiful face. I was doomed and looking at his gorgeous face would make me regret my decisions and then I would probably start begging. I continued to stare at the ground, sweat rolling down my brow but I was not moving. The only sounds were his heaving breathing and my heart racing. The silence was beginning to become slightly uncomfortable. 
Finally he bent forward and whispered into my ear, “I could give a rat’s ass about that car, and this is only a job” It sent chills down my spine. He was good. He grabbed my hand and pulled me inside. I tried coughing and clearing my throat to get my voice back. 
“Shouldn’t we go after Damon?” I said, turning in the direction Axle and Damon had gone. I was wondering what the catch was. 
“Em, you are out of breath from running through the house. How far do you think you will get? Plus, what do you plan to do if you catch him?” He was making fun of me. 
“I was just strangled, Ezra, that’s why I was out of breath. I was half dead when you walked in.” We returned to the living room, where Gavin leaned over Vicky, cutting her lose. 
“Axle went after Damon. How is she?” Ezra asked Gavin, nodding at Vicky. It made me sick that he actually cared. He gave my hand a squeeze in response. I really couldn’t get mad at him ever again for… well, anything. I did steal the guy’s car and probably destroyed it. And to think, I was just getting used to driving it without making the grinding noise. 
“She’ll be fine. I’ll make her think this was all a bad dream.” He smiled in my direction. Ezra stood between us, and I glared at his back. 
I noticed the book Damon had brought was on the floor across the room. I released Ezra’s hand and walked over to pick it up. As my fingers touched the cover, I felt a tingling run throughout my body. Like my limbs had fallen asleep and was now filled with pins and needles.  A sigh escaped my lips, I felt like either dropping it quickly or holding it close forever. I had never had such a reaction to any object before in my life. A strange feeling coursed through my veins... I ran my hand over the cover like it was a baby I was trying to comfort. I figured this was an out of body experience, since I had almost just been killed and oxygen was returning to my blood system. I turned around to find both guys staring at me with big eyes, like I had just stolen the crown jewels from the Queen of England. 









Chapter Fifteen
 
“What?” I asked Gavin and Ezra, wondering why they were looking at me so strangely. 
“You are holding the oldest, most powerful book in the history of the world,” Gavin replied as he helped Vicky to her feet. 
I shrugged and handed it over to him. As soon as it left my fingers, my body returned to normal, almost like it had not happened.
I bet Vicky felt silly for wearing those shoes today. Gavin and Vicky walked out of the front door. He had his arm around her and she was totally playing it up, limping on one foot. I had just been beaten and strangled half to death and still got up to run for my life. She was tied and tripped and was acting like she broke her leg. 
“So how did you find me?” I asked Ezra as we walked to his car. He stopped before getting in. 
“Emily, I am a powerful vampire who loves his car. Do you really think I wouldn’t have a tracking system installed?” He glared at me. 
I heard rustling in the bushes on the side of the house and turned to see Axle galloping back empty handed. He was missing his shirt, which I was happy to see, but I was disappointed he wasn’t still a werewolf. That I really had to see. I wondered if it would be rude to ask if I could pet his head. 
"He got away about a mile north of here. I have his scent. I think we should send out a search party." All of that running and he didn't look sweaty or out of breath. 
I’d made it two feet out of the house and had bruises on both elbows, a tear in my new favorite jeans and was sweating profusely. I gave Axle my best "I hate you" face, but he ignored me and waited for orders. 
"You and Gavin take your car and call it in, keep patrolling the area after you take Vicky home. I'm taking Emily back to my house." The way he said my name made me want to hide under a rock and die a slow and painful death. It made me wish Damon had finished me. 
Axle gave me the all-knowing grin and a wink, I winced. Ew, gag me. Axle was hot, no doubt, but even if he was the last man on the planet... Ok, if he was the last man on the planet and only if, then I would hit that. I heard a growl behind me and suddenly remembered my thoughts were not my own anymore. Mother trucker. 
"Well, if you don't like what I think, then maybe you should stay out of my head," I said as he pushed me back toward the opened back door. He had a tight grip on my shirt, and I wasn't too happy. Nelly picked this shirt out just for me. 
It was a quiet and awkward drive back. You could feel the tension between us in the air. I tried to think about anything I could say to make things better, but thought it would be wiser if I kept my mouth shut. Ezra was gripping the wheel so tight his knuckles were white. I was itching to thank him for saving my life.... again. He let out a groan and I took that as permission to speak. 
"I—" was all I got out of my mouth before he rudely interrupted. 
"Don't" he yelled, keeping his eyes forward. His yelling hit a nerve. I decided I would, as usual, ignore his request. 
"Are you mad?" I asked softly. He was quiet for a moment before he took a deep breath, let it out and answered me 
"Emily, you already know the answer." 
I was about to ask if there was one main thing that I did to piss him off so much or if it was an accumulation of everything. 
"What were you thinking?" He started yelling again which startled me causing me to jump. "Seriously, do you not understand how close you came to dying, again?" 
My butterflies had been promoted to bats flying around in my stomach. I really did care for this man, and he was never going to trust me again. 
"But—" I tried again, feeling the tears filling my eyes. 
"No, you don't get out of this one. What you did was reckless and stupid." He got louder and louder as he went on. I was praying that I didn't cry. I felt like a child getting scolded. I had disappointed him, and that hurt worse than anything.  I knew I would lose him before I even had him, and it literally made my heart ache. The tears were finally too heavy and cascaded down my cheeks, nothing I could do would stop them. Ezra glanced in my direction. I tried to act as if none of it was bothering me. I studied my fingernails and stared out the window. I didn't want him to see me crying but that was not going to happen. 
He sighed and his face softened. "Aw, man, please don't do that." He pulled over to the side of the interstate. 
"Emily, I was so worried about you," he said as he pulled my face up to look at his. 
"If something were to happen to you, I don't know what I would do." He wiped the drops off my cheeks. I finally got the courage to look him in the eyes. His beauty took my breath away. His perfect bone structure was incredible. He looked like he was a model who had just stepped off the runway. His blue eyes were mesmerizing. He looked down, and I caught a sense that he was actually embarrassed. 
"Stop reading my mind, and you won’t have to hear these thoughts," I replied, aggravated. 
"I can't help it. I have insight into your mind, and it’s amazing to always know what you’re thinking. It’s the greatest gift and perhaps the worst." 
We got back to his road and this time he didn’t groan when the rocks started assaulting his car, guess it was time for a new one anyways. We parked and did the whole scary shack routine again. 
As we walked into the living room, Robert was seated on the white couch, watching the fire roar. As soon as I saw him, I had a hard time swallowing. The bats in my stomach had grown to full sized birds. 
He stood as we entered. “Thank you, Ezra, I’ll let you know when the others arrive and we can all meet to discuss our next step,” he stated, still not looking at me. Ezra didn’t even glance down at me before he stormed out. I took up my favorite activity, studying the floor. 
“Emily, please sit,” Robert requested. I really didn’t want to have this talk with him, I despised the man. 
“I know I’m not your favorite person in the world, but you need to understand that everything I have done was to protect you.”
“That’s bullshit,” I stated and surprised myself. Looking at his face, it surprised him too. 
“Please let me explain—” he started, but I interrupted 
“No, you know what, Robert? You are not my boss nor my father so you don’t get to say jack crap to me.” I stormed out. What a jerk for thinking he could lecture me. He was my sperm donor, not my dad. A dad is a man who takes his little girl to the father daughter dance, or teaches her how to fish. Not the guy who shows up after I have a death threat on my head twenty two years later. The only reason I had a killer on the hunt for me was because of him. He may have started out by trying to protect me, but he did the opposite. He practically gave the killer my address and blood type. 
I just wanted to be alone and wait for this whole situation to blow over. They would catch Damon soon, and my life could return back to normal. I would never have to worry about any of the supernatural creatures ever again. I could pretend these past few days never happened. 
Not that I wanted to forget about Ezra. If anything, he would be the only person I couldn’t forget. I was falling hard for the guy. I completely destroyed his one love, his car, and he wasn’t even mad. I would have killed someone over a car like that. So far he had no skeletons in his closet…ok, bad example. I hoped after all of this he would want to continue whatever was going on with us. I didn’t even know if that was a good idea.
I returned to my room to find my bags unpacked and a plate of warm cookies waiting on my nightstand. The entire room was filled with chocolate cookie smell, nothing beats this. I grabbed the plate and laid down. The bed felt like it understood my distress and was comforting me. The cookies were so delicious, warm and gooey, just the way I like them. I ate three cookies before I fell fast asleep. 
I dreamed I was in the shower. The water steamed the glass walls surrounding me and felt good on my tired, aching body. Suddenly, I wasn’t alone. I felt hands on my waist, slowly creeping to my breast. I wasn’t afraid, it felt amazing and I knew it was Ezra. I knew his hands, this was my fantasy after all. It was nice to have a sweet dream about the man when I couldn’t have a life with him. This would have to do. I turned to look into those big beautiful eyes. 
My heart stopped when I found Damon standing there instead, with a wicked smile on his face. 
I woke drenched in a cold sweat. I couldn’t shake the nasty feeling of that pervert’s hands on me. I know it was only a dream but it felt so real. I had to take a shower before getting dressed, and it was the most uneasy shower I’ve ever had. I felt like I got hit by a truck. I got out and finally took a look at myself in the mirror. I almost screamed when I saw I had a nasty dark brown bruise on my neck in the shape of a hand print. I also had a pink tint to my cheek where he had slapped me. I felt sick. I had a constant reminder of that stupid youngster on my body. 
I searched my entire wardrobe for some scarf or something I could use to cover it up. I would look like a big dweeb, but I couldn’t let Ezra see the marks or know about the dream. He would freak out on me and then make me speak with Robert. Thankfully, I found a thin grey turtleneck in the closet and threw it on. I slipped on a pair of jeans, ran a brush through my hair and applied some mascara. I found some black boots in the closet that fit and went on my way to look for food. I was starving. 
I followed my nose to the dining room and walked into Ezra on the way in. He looked like he had just stepped out of the shower. His hair was still damp like mine but his was dripping down his broad chest. I had to try so hard to keep my mind from thinking about licking the water rolling down his abs. He was wearing only a pair of pajama pants, and I’m sure nothing more. 
He gave me a wink to confirm. I had to learn how to block him. I had to learn quickly, I couldn’t let him know about my dream. 
We walked in together. Everyone was seated around the table, even a few people I didn’t recognize. Everyone stopped their conversations and looked up at us with questioning eyes. I was confused. Why would it matter that we walked in together? Ezra slapped my ass and took a seat at the table. I was mortified. We both looked like we had just stepped out of the shower, and everyone was assuming we had showered together. I sat down quietly next to Gavin. Robert was seated directly in front of me, studying me very closely. 
“What?” I whispered, giving him a ‘mind your own business’ look. He shook his head and continued his conversation with Gavin as I filled my plate with an assortment of fruit and grabbed a yogurt. 
“As I was saying, I still consider him a small threat even if we have the book in our possession. So we will keep him on the records.” 
I found I could no longer hold my spoon and it clinked down to my plate, making a clatter. Everyone’s attention went immediately to me again. 
“You guys didn’t catch him?” I squeaked to Gavin. 
“Yeah, but it doesn’t matter. We have the book. He can’t do anything without it.”
My heart felt like it burst into flames. I slammed my hands down on the table. Good thing I still had everyone’s attention. “Maybe not to you, but he can still go after my friends and family, jerk-offs.” I know it wasn’t called for, but I was so angry I stormed out of the room. I could hear him trying to reply but I was no longer listening.









Chapter Sixteen

 I was stomping down to my room as fast as possible when Ezra caught up to me. 
“Whoa, Emily. Hey, stop for a second.” 
I threw his hand off of my arm and found my room. I slammed the door but he caught it. I went over to my bed, threw a few things in my purse and grabbed my phone. 
“Ezra, I have to get back, with or without your help.” 
“Emily, let me just talk to you first,” he said, softly stroking my arm. He was smiling, which pissed me off even more. How could he be so happy when the people I was closest to were in danger? I tore away and glared at him. I grabbed my bag and started for the door. 
“No, Ezra. None of you care about my mom or Kimmy, but I do. They are all I have. I have to get them. I hope you can understand. I would do the same thing for you,” I yelled as I grabbed the doorknob. 
“Emily, they’re already here,” he said. 
This took me completely by surprise. I turned on my heels. “What did you say?” I heard him. I just needed to hear it again.  
He grabbed my purse and threw it on the bed. “I went and picked them up earlier while you were sleeping.” He smiled, obviously proud of himself. 
“Under Roberts’s orders?” I asked softly. 
“No, I did it without his approval. I knew you would want them close since they didn’t find Damon. I didn’t want you to do something rash like storm off to save them. Looks like I know you pretty well.”  He tucked my hair behind my ears.
I looked into his beautiful, big bright blue eyes and realized I was truly falling in love with this guy. I didn’t believe in love at first sight or anything but he would do anything for me and I felt the same thing for him. 
He grabbed my face and planted his delicious lips on mine. I wanted him so badly. I pushed him backwards to the bed and crawled on top. He rolled over so he was lying on me, but our lips never parted. His tongue frantically searched my mouth. I kicked off my shoes and ran my hands down his smooth back. He reached under my shirt and slipped his hands under my bra. I had to break free to breathe. I was almost panting. My body was aching so badly for this, and finally I would get what I’d been dying for, Ezra. 
“I want you,” he breathed into my ear, it sent a jolt of pleasure straight down my body. 
“Umhmm,” I moaned. That’s all I could get out. He grabbed my shirt and started pulling it off. I was so aggravated that I had chosen a darn turtle neck. They are so unsexy coming off. I threw it off and went back in for more. His kiss was so sweet and cold, but the temperature difference felt good in my mouth. His teeth had grown as he was kissing me, making it slightly awkward like there wasn’t enough room for both our tongues and his big teeth. He bit at my lip, and I thought he would draw blood. He gently scraped my face down to my neck. 
Once he reached my neck, he started kissing me softly, teasing my throat with his teeth and biting down ever so slightly. I felt more pressure as he bit into me, a pop in my skin before he pulled away. Blood trickled down my neck. I was so close to ecstasy. One bite, and I was going to have the best orgasm in my life. I couldn’t wait for the pleasure my body was about to receive and didn’t understand why we would stop. I finally opened my eyes, confused. 
He wasn’t even on the bed. He was standing, staring at me hard. I could still feel the blood running down my neck. 
“Ezra, it’s no big deal. I don’t mind if you bite me. Just don’t leave me here bleeding to death, please,” I said, slightly embarrassed. 
“Emily, it’s not that,” he said, finally looking me in the eyes. I was getting annoyed that he had stopped our make out session, like being drenched in cold water. I grabbed my shirt and held it to my chest. I know it sounds silly, but I felt uncomfortable being so naked in front of him. 
“Then whats the problem?” I asked. I was becoming grumpy, I didn’t want to stop.  
“I didn’t know you were so hurt yesterday.” He sat back down, took my head in his hands and positioned me so he could get a better look. His hands gently stroked my bruise.  
“It’s really not a big deal, I’m fine. Or should I say was fine, I just don’t know what I have to do to make you have sex with me. I’m getting blue balls being with you.”  
“I’m just worried about you. I could have been too late getting there to save you. I shouldn’t have waited. I’m sorry,” he said softly, looking sincerely worried. 
“Seriously, you saved my life. I didn’t even expect you to be there. It’s really not—“ I started but he interrupted. 
“Don’t say it’s not a big deal. It’s your life. It’s a huge deal to me. I don’t want to take a chance with your life.” He was starting to get upset and I knew that sex was out of the question at this point. 
“Ok, Ezra, I got it. You are forgiven of all wrongs you have committed here and forth on. Now, I know the hanky panky is over, but can you please do something about the bleeding coming from my jugular?” I pleaded. I was exaggerating that a bit, it wasn’t really bleeding anymore but I had to get his mind off the topic. He gave me an eye that said he knew what I was thinking. Why does he always listen to the crap I don’t want him to hear but never hears the pleas to just do me? 
“What do you want me to do?” he asked, sighing. His question caught me off guard and I was surprised, I didn’t know what to say. 
“Uh, I don’t know. You’re the one who made it bleed. Can’t you make it stop?” I asked, about to freak out. I was going to die from a bite during foreplay and I didn’t even hit a home run. I barely made it to first base. 
“Do you want me to bite you?” he asked. This threw me completely into left field. I mean I know he was a vampire but I didn’t know anything about vampires anymore except they eat blood. 
“Um, that’s ok. I’ll just bleed,” I said softly. 
“I was just kidding, Em.” He laughed as he grabbed a towel from my shower. “Maybe I should explain a few things before we go any further with us,” he said as he cleaned up my neck. I was curious, and if this is what it took to finally get my hump on, so be it. I really did want to know. I was just afraid to hear it. I gave him a ‘go ahead’ nod. 
“I do drink blood, and it’s an extremely sexual act. The venom in my bite can cause multiple orgasms immediately.” That didn’t sound too bad. “You wouldn’t turn into a vampire from one bite.”
“So how does one become a vampire?” I asked curiously.
“It’s sort of a ritual that has to happen and it’s very difficult. If not done correctly you become a zombie.” He paused to let me soak it in. 
“Excuse me? A zombie? Like dawn of the dead or something?” I asked. 
He laughed “Not quiet that dramatic but something like that. There are zombies out there. But that is why my kind is very scarce.” 
I thought about it a minute, trying very hard to keep him out of my head and according to his expression it was working. 
“So, what you are saying is biting me means you have to sleep with me? That’s it?” I asked. 
He scoffed and looked upset. “Emily, I am a dangerous creature. Why would you want to be with me?” 
“Whoa. You were about to do the bedroom tango with me and you don’t want to be with me? What happened to that ‘oh, Emily, I care so deeply for you, if anything were to happen to you I don’t know what I would do with myself?’” I was pushing my luck but at this point I was so confused. He was hot then cold for me, and I was tired of him playing with my emotions. 
“Don’t turn my words. I do care for you. That is why I want you to really think hard about what you want. Being with me is not good for you.” 
“So you think I should date, say, Gavin, because he doesn’t seem as dangerous as you?” I regretted the words as soon as they left my lips. I knew it would hurt him, and his look confirmed it. 
“No, I don’t want you to date Gavin. And just because he is a wizard doesn’t mean he isn’t dangerous. Looks can be deceiving. I want you. I want only you, and I want you to only want me.”
“Good, then we have it all cleared up. I only want you. So there, we’re done, what more do you want?” I asked. 
“I want you to know what you are asking for.”
“Cheese and milk, Ezra, just please leave,” I stated. I was finally tired of the conversation. 
“What?” he asked, surprised. 
“I said, please leave.”  
“But, why? Emily, I’m just trying to make you understand what it means to be with me,” he said but I was done listening. 
“Ezra, I want you, but I don’t want this drama you keep bringing to the table. I have enough going on right now.” I walked him to my door and gave him a gentle shove out. 
“Good bye, Ezra, please just leave me alone until you figure out what it is you want.” I shut the door on him. Men! I find a good guy and now he’s acting like a woman. There is no such thing as ‘Mr. Perfect.’ And I hate whoever came up with that phrase. 









Chapter Seventeen

I sat on my bed, thinking and feeling sorry for myself. Damon was still out there. My love life had just fallen to pieces. My mother and father were under the same roof. I picked up my phone and called ‘Dumb Dog.’ He picked up after two rings. 
“Emily? Please don’t tell me you stole Ezra’s car again,” he answered. 
“No, nothing like that. I’m in my room,” I replied, glad he wasn’t mad at me. I couldn’t take any more lectures. Axle probably found the entire situation humorous.  
“Um, you mean the room right across the hall from me?” he asked sarcastically. 
“Good point,” I said and hung up. I ran to the door and opened it, He was standing in the doorway of his room with only a pair of work out shorts and some Nike’s on. He was slightly damp, like he had been working out. 
“You, uh, been hittin’ the gym?” I asked nodding his direction. 
He laughed. “Yeah, you going somewhere special?” He gave me a wide eyed look, and I realized I was standing there in nothing but my jeans and my black bra. Ah, fuck it, he’s a big boy I’m sure he’s seen it all before. 
“As a matter of fact, I was thinking about going to work out,” I replied. 
“I would love to be your personal trainer,” he said, looking me up and down. I rolled my eyes. I can’t lie. The compliment made me feel good, in more ways than one, but I couldn’t let him know that. 
“I have a question for you.” I needed to get on with this conversation before it went too far. 
“Shoot, baby,” he responded. I was going to get a headache from my eye rolls if I hung out with Axle for too much longer. 
“How exactly did you guys get my mom here?” I asked curiously. My mother never dared leave her home unless there was some great gossip going on going on somewhere, or to get her hair done. 
“Do you really want to know, sweetheart?” he asked, and I wasn’t really sure I did. 
“Axle, quit messing with me, I’ve had a really craptastic day,” I begged. 
“Oh, I like when you beg. Gavin put a spell on your mother. She is in a room in the basement but thinks she is at home right now. Apparently, it was a little easier for Kimmy, I think something about a sausage fest was mentioned.” He looked excited. 
“Hey, down dog. Leave her alone,” I commanded. 
“Ok, Ok. Not like I would want to go after another woman with you looking all hot and bothered right across the hall from me. And these ears can hear literally everything that goes on in this house. So, I know you are in need of some love, and I just need to put my offer in. If Ezra can’t take a hint, I sure would love to fill his shoes.” 
I glared at him and slammed my door. I really did need to hit the gym to burn off some steam and relieve some stress. The only shorts I could find were very short, I wasn’t sure if Nelly was being nice to me or to Ezra. I found a tank top in my dresser, along with a sports bra. Nelly really did prepare me for everything. I put on my shoes, pulled my hair up and grabbed my IPod. It took me a while to find the gym. Unfortunately it was down the same hall as Ezra’s room and I tip toed by, not like he would know it was me and come running out begging for my forgiveness. Maybe I was dreaming. I really needed to run Ezra out of my head. 
I opened the door marked GYM and braced myself. It was bright and smelled quite pleasant for a gym. I was impressed. There were three people working out, two I didn’t know and one was Gavin. I nodded to Gavin, hoping he would catch my drift that I really wasn’t in the mood for talking. He was wearing some shorts and a grey t-shirt, only barely sweating and still looked delicious. He continued lifting big weights that I wouldn’t even be able to pick up with both hands. The other two guys still stared, but I didn’t mind. In a house filled with men, I was getting used to being the only eye candy around. Kimmy was right. It was a sausage fest in this house, no wonder she jumped at the opportunity. 
I started running on a treadmill in the corner and kept a good pace. I was actually proud of the fact that the running seemed much easier. I put in my ear buds and started blasting my music. I was in my happy place, which is not normal for me. I was lost in my music and time passed quickly. I realized I had my eyes closed while I was running. It was a strange sensation to run blind. I was shocked I survived the workout without hurting myself. I felt much better after working out. I stepped off the tread mill, stretching my arms above my head. I noticed Gavin was the only one left. He was staring at me, still lifting weights. I paused my music.
“Well, holy hiccups. Look at this Biznasty running!” came a familiar voice. 
I smiled, then ran over and gave Kimmy the biggest hug I have ever given her. 
“Whoa, man. You don’t want ‘Arry Potta’ thinking you bat for the other team,”  she said under her breath, saying the name in a British accent. 
“Please don’t call Gavin that. He is awesome, unlike some others around here. He’s the best guy in here,” I said as I noticed him walking to my treadmill. “Oh, sorry Gavin I’m done with it, you’re welcome to have it. I think I got enough rage out of my system for one day.” I must not have run too much, I wasn’t sweaty or tired. I felt amazing, more relaxed. 
“Emily, are you sure you’re ok?” he questioned. I figured he was either talking about my comment or the fact that my neck was decorated with bruises. 
“Sure, why wouldn’t I be?” I asked. He must not have gotten the hint and I didn’t want to talk to Gavin of all people about my issues. 
“I just watched you run five miles in twenty minutes,” he proclaimed, giving me a once over. That was a joke. 
“I can barely run a mile in that much time. Plus, that’s impossible. Something is wrong with the treadmill,” I told him, turning back to Kimmy. 
“So you want to hang out tonight? Have a well needed chick flick night or something?” I asked. She put her finger to her face and thought hard. 
“Hmm, sounds like a date! I saw a theater room we should totally hog it!” she exclaimed. 
“Ok, I’ll see you at eight?” I asked, so excited to finally be able to spend time with my best friend again. 
“Awesome opossum,” she joked as she patted my back and grabbed a weight. Kimmy was not fooling me; the girl goes to the gym twice a week and never works out. She had no idea what she was doing with the weight, she was just trying to pick up Gavin. Not that I cared, he gave me a look over and started a conversation with her. I walked out, wondering why I had a jealous twinge in the pit of my stomach. I didn’t like Gavin, whatsoever. I was in love with Ezra. I didn’t care if Gavin and Kimmy dated. Maybe he could even tame her. 
I was so caught up in the moment I almost ran straight into the girl who was coming out of Ezra’s room. I didn’t even realize there were other women in the house. She was dressed in a silk pajama dress that no woman sleeps in. She was very tall with huge boobs and a perfect body. Her long black hair matched the silky blackness from her nightgown perfectly. I did take notice of the two bite marks on her neck as she passed, giving me a sweet smile. I couldn’t even pull out a fake smile for her. It wasn’t her fault that I was in love with a two timing loser, but I couldn’t smile at the woman. I hated her. 
Now I had a big decision on my hands. I could either go in there demanding him to explain, or I could go back to my room, cry my eyes out and wait to lose myself in some ice cream. I chose option two. There was no way I wanted him to see me crack, and I knew if I went in there and saw him he would be half naked and I would either kill him or start bawling. I hated this house, I hated Ezra. 
I found my room and slammed my door. I cried for about two minutes before I fell asleep. I had another dream about Damon. This time I was tied up to a chair and he was teasing my neck. I almost didn’t recognize myself.  The ropes that held me to the chair were tearing into my arms, blood was streaming down to my wrists.  Dried blood was painted on my face under my nose down to my chin. I put my hand to my mouth in shock. I looked absolutely frightening.  We were in a small room. The floor was either extremely dirty or made of dirt. I looked to my right and realized we were in a jail cell. The door was open, but it was too dark to see anything past the bars of the cell to tell where he held me captive. I turned back to look at myself. He was whispering into my ear but I couldn’t hear what he said, but myself in the chair cried out in response to what was said. I was standing across the room watching it unfold. Our eyes connected. Like I knew I was there in the room, watching.
“This is only a dream. I need to wake up,” I said out loud, shaking my head. I saw two big tears fall from my eye. I looked terrified. Damon let out a laugh and bit into my neck. 









Chapter Eighteen

I let out a scream and realized I was awake. Ezra was on my bed shaking me while Axle and Robert stared at me worriedly. 
“What the hell Ezra, stop shaking me,” I yelled, pushing him away. He was the last person in the world I wanted in my room. I would have rather woken up to anyone but him. 
“Em, we’ve been trying to wake up for a few minutes now,” he explained with a concerned expression plastered to his face. I couldn’t look at him.  
“Well, I’m awake now so could you all get out?” I demanded. I was pissed to have to look at Ezra. My heart was on fire and I was so scared I would burst into tears with all of these men staring at me. 
“Emily, what were you dreaming of?” Ezra asked. 
“Why do you give a flying fuck, Ezra? I asked you to get out. So leave.” I pushed him off my bed. He took my hint and stormed out. 
“You were blocking Ezra while you slept. Emily, that’s impossible. He couldn’t read your mind while you were dreaming. What happened?” Robert asked. I knew he was just trying to be nice, and he was worried, but I was so shook up from seeing Ezra I didn’t want people around me. 
“It was just a dream, doesn’t matter. And good that I learned how to keep the blood sucker out of my head, about damn time. He can go sit on a stake for all I care.” I was furious. They finally took my drift and started walking out. Robert looked pissed, but I think he understood that Ezra did something and was going straight to the source. Axle closed the door and stayed. 
“Axle, I know you are just trying to help, but really I’m fine and not in the mood for your shenanigans.” The longer I was away from Ezra the better I was feeling. 
“I know, hon, I’m not going to try anything. I just have to make sure you’re ok. Sorry, but I’m not leaving,” he answered in the most serious tone I’ve ever heard him speak. I lay back down in my bed giving up and stared at the ceiling. 
“I don’t know what is wrong with me. Seriously, it has to be me. There is no way I can only attract crazy men,” I babbled, tears were falling down my cheeks and I didn’t even care if Axle saw. 
“Are we talking about the dream or something else? I’m lost,” he admitted. 
“Ugh, just forget it.” He was a guy and would never understand. 
“You know, I may have played with you a little too hard when we first met. I just saw you standing in my room and as soon as I caught your eye I had this feeling in my chest. I can’t explain it, but I just want you to know that I am always here for you. If you ever need anything, please don’t hesitate to ask.” 
I looked at his face. He was such a beautiful man, and I was feeling so down I needed a hug. I jumped into his big arms and hug him hard. It felt good to be held. He wrapped his arms around me and held me like I was porcelain and he would break me. He had a delicious musky smell to him. I felt a tingle in my stomach and begged for it to go away. I made the mistake of smelling his neck as I released my hug. Our faces were so close and he grabbed my face and put his lips on mine. I pushed away before it got out of hand. I just sort of broke it off with Ezra a few hours before. 
“I’m sorry, Axle, I’m having a hard time right now, adjusting to all of this attention and I don’t want to give you the wrong impression.”  
“No, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have taken advantage of you. I know you are going through a lot and need some space. I’ll leave you be, just let me know if you need anything. You know where to find me.” He chuckled and walked out. I already had enough men drama to last me a year, I was not about to add one more. I wasn’t going to sit in my room and feel pity for my loss. I would have to get over it and move on, just today was not the day. 
I made the mistake of looking in the mirror as I got up. My hair was a mess, and I had mascara streaks down my cheeks. I looked like hell. I took a long shower, complete with shaving my legs, then did my hair and make-up. I knew it seemed silly, getting all dressed up for my girl’s night but I had a mission. I put on some tiny hot pink shorts. I was going to have to go commando the shorts were so tight. The hot pink made me look much tanner and my legs much longer than they actually were. I found a white tank top and put it on over a sports bra. That way it wasn’t showing my ta-tas but everyone would know if I was cold. I did my hair straight and shiny and was quite proud of the outcome. It was seven so I decided I would walk around the house until it was time to find Kimmy. Plus it would probably take me an hour to find this room. I sprayed on some perfume and started out the door. I grabbed a light pullover in case I ran into anyone in the halls that shouldn’t see me in my sleaziest. 
I tried to be quiet but as I was closing the door but Axle opened his. He gave me a hungry look up and down. “Emily, what are you up to?” 
“Whatever are you talking about, Axle?” I asked innocently as I started toward him. 
He took in a deep breath. “You are playing with fire, little girl, if you come any closer.” I was pretty sure he meant it. I put my pullover on, gave him a little wave and started on a quest. 
I found Ezra staring at the fire in the living room. I rolled my eyes, took a deep breath and walked through the room, not even glancing in his direction. I could feel his eyes on me as I walked. I got to the next room and found a library or study of some sort. There was a giant table that could seat thirty people in the center of the room and book shelves for walls that were twenty feet tall. I turned to walk out and Ezra was standing in my way. 
“Holy guacamole. Ezra, you scared the crap out of me.” 
He just kept walking toward me, hunger in his eyes. 
“Ezra, stay away from me. I’m serious.” I really didn’t want him to even look at me or touch me. This had not been part of the plan. 
“I can smell the passion you feel, seeping out of your pours,” he growled. 
“Ew, well I took a shower.” I’m sure he meant it was a pleasant smell but the way he explained it made it sound disgusting. 
“Why are you fighting this? I know you want me, Emily.” He stepped close. I could smell the Gain detergent Nelly used to wash his clothes. 
“We can’t be together, Ezra, no matter how much I want you,” I admitted sadly. We were destined for disaster. 
“You just think you can never be happy. If you would give me a chance I could show you how happy you can really be.”
I had a flashback of the big busted beauty leaving his room earlier. I glared at the thought. 
“Just leave it alone, Ezra,” I warned. 
“I can’t, Emily.” For a second, he frightened me. 
As if rehearsed, Robert strolled into the room, saving me. I was actually glad to see my father. 
“Ezra, leave now,” Robert said as he walked in. He was still a douche bag in my book, but he did show up at the most opportune time. Ezra gave me one last look and gave in. He didn’t even look at Robert before he left. I was beginning to see that Robert was definitely the boss. When he said jump, the boys didn’t even ask questions, they just start jumping. 
“I, uh, was actually looking for you,” I explained, still shaken up from seeing Ezra. 
Robert sat down at the table a few feet from me. “Is there something going on between you and Ezra that I should be aware of?” he asked. 
“There was, I guess, but not anymore,” I admitted sadly. 
“Did something happen between you two?” he asked in more a professional manner than fatherly so I felt more at ease talking to him. 
“Um, well. It’s my fault actually,” I stated. 
“How so?” he asked. 
“I have really bad luck and when it comes to guys I have the worst luck. Ezra seems like a nice guy, but to be quite honest, I think you have kept all of your guys away from women for way too long.” 
“I see. So you think that Ezra only likes you because I kept him away from women?” It sounded worse coming from his mouth and I felt my face getting hot. 
“I really liked Ezra, but he broke my heart. And now I think I am getting a thing for Axle. And I think I have some sort of feelings for Gavin also. I really just want to stay away from men. All this male attention is confusing,” I admitted, giving way too much away for him. I’m sure this was hard to hear for a dad, but he didn’t feel like my dad. He felt like a normal person and I felt pleasantly relaxed talking to him about this personal stuff. I just needed someone to talk to that didn’t want to sleep with me. 
“That’s not good. How did he break your heart? What exactly did he do?” he asked curiously. 
“Well, for one he had a girl in his room earlier and he won’t even have sex with me.” I slapped my hand over my mouth to shut myself up. “What the hell, Robert? Why am I blabbering to you so much? Did you do something to me?” I asked. 
He laughed and got up and walked out of the room. Good talk, Dad. I was mortified. I’d just admitted to my father that I wanted to sleep with Ezra. 
Since I’d only wasted fifteen minutes of my hour, I went to find Ezra. I really just had to know what who the chick was and finish our conversation. I knocked on his door. 
“Come in,” I heard from behind the door. I opened the door and walked in. 
“I think Robert just cursed me into spilling everything to him about us,” I stated, hoping to break this awkward barrier between us. He was sitting on his couch in pants and a tee shirt. He still looked incredible. 
“He has a tendency to do that. It’s like he relaxes people till they just finally spill the beans,” he explained, looking hopeful that I was there to make up. 
“Hmm, well I wish he wouldn’t have. I kind of gave him some juicy details about us,” I said, sitting at the other end of the couch. 
“Well, he was bound to do that sooner or later. Look, Emily. I really do care for you. I just want you to be happy. I don’t want you to wake up one day and decide that you made a big mistake by choosing me.” 
I was beginning to think that I wasn’t the only one who had been burned in the past. 
“I didn’t come in here to patch things up with you. I wanted to ask you something.” I stated. I wanted to feel sorry for him but after seeing the girl coming out of his room earlier, I reminded myself that he was scum. 
“I understand that we’re not exclusive but you could have at least waited a day before you replaced me,” I complained. Ok I said I was going to ask a question but I couldn’t come up with a way to nicely ask ‘hey, so who was that chick I saw coming out of your room? And was that your bite mark in her neck?’ 
“What are you talking about, Em?” he asked, looking sincerely confused. 
“The chick in the ugly black night gown leaving your room with a bite mark on her neck. Did you not think I would ever find out?” I asked. I was hurt yet again. I truly wanted things to work between us, but a few hours earlier Ezra was jumping away from my throat and to a new throat. 
“Emily, I had to eat. That’s all it was.” 
“You said it’s sexual when you eat, so you had sex with her?” I asked, afraid of his response. 
“No, Emily, I don’t have to sleep with someone to drink from them, it’s sexual on their part. It’s not like I can control what happens to someone when I feed from them. I didn’t even want to eat but I have to in order to protect you. I’ve been going into the sun a lot lately and it’s making me weaker faster. I am required to eat once a week now instead of once a month.” 
I was still pissed but at least I could understand to a degree what happened. 
“I offered myself to you, Ezra, and you won’t take it. I was going to let you bite me and you chose her instead? Don’t you know how much that hurts?” I asked I was so proud that I hadn’t started crying. I think with everything going on lately that I was getting stronger. Not in a muscle kind of way but like I was more able to protect my emotions. I usually wear my heart on my sleeve but I was working on it. Although I had cried more in the past two days than I had my entire life. 
“Emily, you need your strength just as much as I do right now. Plus, I don’t care if I drain that girl dry but if I were to hurt you I could never live with myself.” He was a slick one. I was starting to believe him. 
“Look, I really just wanted to find out about the bimbo and ask where exactly we stood. I have prior arrangements tonight that I need to get to but I needed to ask. I also have other interests and I need to know what to tell them.” If he knew exactly how close that interest came to making it a reality he would kill him. I was trying to be honest with him too  
“Who, Gavin? I’m not scared of him. He’s got nothing on me.” He started crawling closer. My stomach turned and I knew where this was about to lead. Unfortunately, my body wasn’t listening while my head was screaming run. 
“He could never do the things to you that I could,” he whispered as he moved my hair away from my neck. His nose touched my skin, and I realized that my mouth was wide open. I closed it and cleared my throat, trying to focus. 
“Actually it wasn’t Gavin, but you are still right anyways.” I chuckled as he kissed my neck. He stopped suddenly and backed up, looking me hard in the eyes. 
“Axle was hitting on you?” he asked. I was surprised he hadn’t pried it out of my head by now and quite pleased. 
“Well, it’s not like you didn’t have a girl in here earlier. What is he supposed to think?” I explained. 
He threw himself off the couch and was breathing hard, I was actually scared. He started toward the door with death in his eyes.









Chapter Nineteen
 
“Oh no, no, no. Ezra please don’t do this. Axle didn’t know what was going on. He was just being nice. He didn’t try anything. I was just trying to make you jealous,” I lied. 
But he wasn’t listening. He was already in the hall, shouting Axle’s name. He had no issues finding which hall went where and how to get to Axle’s room. Axle answered his door and met us in the hall. He was wearing only a pair of jeans and I really wished he had a shirt on. It may have helped his cause. 
“What’s up, bro?” Axle greeted Ezra. But Ezra’s fist landed directly on Axle’s face in reply. 
“Oh shit,” I whispered as I backed up. I was pleading with Ezra to calm down but he wasn’t listening. 
“You knew damn well that I love Emily. Why do you have to butt in and try to push us apart?” Ezra was yelling at Axle, who was looking pretty pissed off. 
“You were already doing a good job of pushing her away, you didn’t need my help,” Axle growled. 
Ezra jumped at Axle and they both went down. I couldn’t imagine that Ezra could knock Axle down but they were each holding their own. I heard growling and I was sure that was coming from Axle. If he turned into a werewolf, I would piss myself. 
Thankfully, before they both killed each other Robert walked out in the hall and yelled at them to stop. They both stopped. Robert walked over to them, looking pretty angry. 
“I know exactly what is going on between you two and it’s a disgrace. You are supposed to be brothers in arms, not dog fighting on the floor over Emily,” he yelled. 
Neither of them made a peep. I really wanted to take it as an insult but I just couldn’t. I think he had cast a spell on us all. He took a deep a breath before beginning again. “Now, grow up and get your shit together. Stop this nonsense immediately.” 
Holy cow, I couldn’t believe I’d just heard Robert curse. It felt like the first time I had heard my mother curse. It felt wrong. Axle tucked his tail between his legs (not literally) and walked back into his room, slamming his door. Ezra grabbed my hand and started back to his room. 
“Actually, Emily, I was hoping I could talk to you about something real quick?” Robert asked as we passed by. 
“I have a date but I still have a few minutes before I have to be there.” I gave in, releasing Ezra’s hand. I was relieved I wouldn’t have to go back with Ezra this mad. “But only as long as you don’t put some spell on me,” I added as I followed him. We got in his room and he laughed. 
“I promise,” he said as he walked over to his living room area. His room was set up more like an apartment than a room. His place reminded me of a bachelor pad. His living room had a fireplace in the center of his coffee table and I couldn’t tell how it was burning. He sat in a big chair and I sat on the couch. It was a big brown couch that wasn’t very comfortable. 
“So what’s up?” I asked. 
“I see you and Ezra have patched things up?”
“Sort of, I guess. Although now we’re going to have another talk about that temper,” I answered. 
“That’s good. I just want you to be happy but careful. These men are very good at their job but still extremely dangerous.” He had to put his two cents in. “But that’s not why I asked you to talk with me.” 
“It’s not?” I questioned, not looking forward to his answer. 
He shook his head and began again. “I wanted to know about the dream.”
Geez, I definitely could not tell him about Damon in my dreams but I figured he needed to know. 
“Well, I’ve had two, each with Damon in them. At first I thought I was just having nightmares from the experience but now I’m not sure. They feel so real. In the last dream I was watching myself, we were in a jail cell. He was torturing me and I had to stand and watch it.” I didn’t want to go into too much detail. It was embarrassing enough explaining my dreams to this stranger. 
“Do you feel like you are being hurt in your dreams?” he asked seriously. 
“No, he didn’t even realize I was there in the last dream. So maybe it is just nerves.” I looked down at my phone. It was eight o’clock. Kimmy would be pissed that I was late. 
“Um, Robert, I really have somewhere to be. Can we finish this later?” I begged. 
“Who is your date with?” His curiosity surprised me.
“Kimmy, we’re having a chick flick night,” I answered. 
He seemed to let out a deep breath and looked relieved at my answer. “That’s great, maybe you should stay in a room with her for the time being. I don’t feel like you are in danger, but I would rather be safe than sorry. Also, Gavin told me about the gym thing earlier, so you are feeling stronger lately also?” he asked, forgetting about my needing to leave. 
“I had a broken treadmill. I’m thankful I survived,” I said sarcastically. “I feel fine. I really have to go but I promise I’ll let you know if anything creepy happens to me again. And I’ll think about staying with Kimmy,” I answered and rushed out. I ran down the halls, trying to find the stupid theater. Guess I should have asked for directions earlier. 
I finally spotted Kimmy down a hall, tapping her foot. 
I ran to her. “Sorry Kimmy, long story, but I can’t wait to tell you all about it,” I said as I gave her a hug. 
“Damn, girl, hope you aren’t trying to impress me with that get up. You know I bat for the other team. You know the one with penises,” she joked. 
I told her about everything that had happened. She cracked up so hard when I told her that Damon had kidnapped Vicky instead of her that she started crying. 
“What a douche bag. I’m actually mad that he would compare me to that cow,” she said after she stopped laughing. I told her about the girl in Ezra’s room and the fight between Ezra and Axle. 
“Axle has my vote, if that means anything. They are both sexy as hell but Axle looks like he could rip you apart in bed, not just bite you,” she stated as I finished. 
“Ew. Kimmy, that’s so vulgar.” I laughed. We watched Pride and Prejudice and spoke in British accents for an hour, laughing at the things we would do to ‘poor Mr. Darcy’ if we had the chance. During our date, we had gone through an entire gallon of Blue Bell chocolate ice-cream and a can of whipped cream. We also had a few margaritas so we were feeling good. 
It was two am before we both decided to hit the sack. We said our good byes and started back to our rooms. 
Ezra popped out of his room as we headed back, and Kimmy did a one finger salute to say good bye. Even Ezra could not ruin the awesome time I had. 
“Can I speak with you?” he asked. 
“Why, but of course, my dear sir,” I said in my British accent. He gave me questionable look and sniffed me as I walked in. 
“Did you just sniff me?” I called him out. 
“You reek of dairy products, limes and alcohol,” he replied. 
“That’s the way real men turn women on, bravo!” I giggled. I was still slightly buzzed. I grabbed his shirt as he closed the door. 
“Don’t worry, lover, it’s working,” I whispered into his ear. I grabbed his head and pulled his lips to mine. He carried me to the bed as we kissed. I pushed away. 
“Ezra, will you please bite me?” I begged. 
He smiled and looked away. “Emma, you really don’t know what you are asking.” 
“Then tell me what I’m asking.” I wasn’t really sure what I meant by that, but he understood. 
“Em, I could really hurt you. It’s impossible to stop a blood thirsty vampire. I could kill you,” he explained.  
It was a letdown. I was waiting for an elaborate explanation, some sort of secret from the vampire community, but nada. Everything he told me I already figured. 
“I don’t care. I just really want you. Plus, you already ate today so this could just be a midnight snack,” I begged into his ear. I looked down and noticed my tactics were working. He was certainly excited. I started teasing him by taking off my shirt and bra. I didn’t have to go too far, because he pulled me back into him.
He was still wearing a shirt and it was getting in the way. There was nothing I wanted more than to rub my naked breasts on his bare chest. He yanked his shirt off, releasing my mouth from his own. As soon as he had his shirt off, we continued making out. He held me so close I thought I would pop. I moved my hair and held my neck out for him. I wanted to feel what he had given that girl earlier. I didn’t care what it meant. I was so jealous, I had to know. He grazed me with his teeth. I was so close to screaming. 
“Are you sure you want this?” he asked. 
“Oh my God, if you don’t bite me, I will stake you,” I warned. My libido was on steroids and I needed something to relieve it. He kissed my neck and then licked it. I felt his teeth finally press against my skin. It was painful but in a sensual way. He pressed harder. I winced but he didn’t give in, he pushed harder. I wasn’t expecting this much pain, be careful what you ask for and all that jazz. Suddenly I felt his teeth penetrate my skin and for a second I cried out in pain before I started moaning. I grabbed a fist full of his hair, pulling his teeth in farther into my neck. I felt him pull from my blood, and it felt like I had just had the best sex of my life. I immediately started having orgasm after orgasm. I could feel his hard shaft through his pants, begging to be released.  
He pulled away from my neck and moaned but I grabbed him by the back of the head and pulled him back. He bit into my neck again and the same reaction happened all over. The ecstasy continued. I didn’t realize a body could do that. After I lost count of how many times my body had reached its peak, he released my neck and let out a deep moan. He was panting as he put his head on my shoulder. It had been the best sex ever without even having sex. He looked up at me and I was almost scared of what stared back. His eyes were blood red and he had my blood dripping off his chin.









Chapter Twenty
 
I don’t know why I wouldn’t have expected something gruesome like that. It’s not like it’s a clean thing to drink blood from a neck. I’m sure I would make quite a mess as well. He looked down, ashamed. “Hey, don’t do that. It just caught me off guard. Ezra, that was amazing,” I exclaimed. 
He wiped his mouth with his arm. He glanced at my bare chest. I had a few blood trails over my left breast. He bent down and scooped me up, then licked the remaining blood off of my body. Even after the multiple, multiple orgasms, I was still so severely turned on. He finished at my neck. He pulled away and licked his lips. He still had blood on his face. 
“You are so beautiful,” I said as I looked into his bright red eyes. Blood splattered everywhere, his eyes red and he still took my breath away. His teeth were still out but he smiled at my comment. He tackled me down on the bed. 
“And you are beautiful and quite amazing,” he replied. 
“Is this how it always is?” I asked, thinking about what had happened earlier with his dinner. 
“Hell, no. I never get excited when feeding, and I have never enjoyed it as much as I did just now,” he answered. 
I couldn’t tell if he was lying but who cares, I felt as if I was on cloud nine. I looked around us and saw that his sheets were ruined. 
“Sorry about the mess.” I giggled. I went to kiss him but he pulled away. His eyes cleared back to blue and his teeth retracted. 
“What’s wrong?” I asked him. 
“Baby, I can’t kiss you with blood all over me, looking like this.” He had a point. He looked like something out of a horror movie. 
“Good point, we both probably need to clean up. Um, would you mind if I stayed with you tonight? I don’t really want to be alone.” 
“Of course you can. I wouldn’t have it any other way. Would you care to join me in the shower?” he asked. 
I looked down at myself. There was no way I could get in the shower with him, not after my shower dream. I could just clean the blood from my neck and chest. He noticed I was taking longer than expected to answer what should have been a simple question. 
“Em, what’s the matter? Did I do something wrong?” he asked. I was surprised he didn’t know already. We’ve been so busy fighting lately I didn’t even have a chance to tell him everything that was happening to me. 
“It’s nothing. I’ve just got a lot going on. We can talk about it tomorrow.”
“Then you don’t want to take a shower with me?” He looked hurt. I finally gave in and told him about the dream. It was seriously embarrassing to admit I’d had dreamed of Damon touching me. He looked extremely angry for a slight second then smiled. 
“Well, that’s ok. You can stay here and watch,” he said as he started stripping. He was not one bit uncomfortable being naked in front of me. His naked body was a work of freaking art. This man was built perfectly. He walked over to the shower, got in and turned on the water. I couldn’t understand how someone would not have to check the temperature first. Guess it was a vampire thing. He washed the blood off his face and out of his mouth. He grabbed a tooth brush in the shower and brushed his teeth. I had a strange fascination about him brushing his teeth. I wanted to know if he had to brush the long teeth too, or if vampires get cavities. He had six shower heads, three on each side, so the water was beating over his entire body. I didn’t want to stop staring, even though it felt impolite. Once he was done he grabbed a towel and tied it around his waist. 
“Emily, you have almost completely blocked me out all day,” he announced, sounding proud of my discovery. 
“Well, I wish I knew how I was doing it.” It would make our relationship that much better if I didn’t have him pulling my deepest darkest thoughts out of my head constantly. The man was incredible in more ways than one, and hopefully now, all mine. 
I took the sheets off the bed as he dried off. He came over to help me finish. As soon as the sheets were off, Ezra walked over to a dresser and pulled out a new fitted sheet and blanket. We made the bed together and crawled in. His bed was like sleeping on a cloud. I cuddled into him and took a deep breath. He smelled amazing. 
“Emily, I’ve never been much of a lady’s man,” he stated out of the blue. 
“You could have fooled me.” I laughed. 
“What I mean to say is I’m not sure if I am boyfriend material,” he replied. 
I sat up and look him in the eyes. “Are you serious? I thought we just had an amazing time. Do you not like me anymore or something?” I asked. I was sure that wasn’t what he was getting at but he was scaring me. I wish I could read his mind. 
“I’m just saying that you are the first girl I have felt this strongly about in a long time. Love has a different meaning to my kind than to yours. As you already know, I’m a pretty possessive and jealous guy when it comes to you. I don’t want to hurt you so I was hoping we could take this slow.” 
I gave a nervous laugh. “Ezra, I think we just slapped that bitch out of the water.”
He gave me a curious glance, I forget some people don’t understand my sayings. “What I mean is, taking it slow to most people means dating before doing anything sexual,” I explained.
He smiled. “No, that’s not exactly what I meant. I mean slow in a sense that right now we shouldn’t tell people about us being together. I don’t want you to see other people and I only want you, but I just want to keep us quiet for a while. At least until Damon is gone.” 
I thought about it for a minute. It’s not like he was asking too much from me. I had stated before that I didn’t want a man in my life until Damon was found and destroyed. 
“I think we are pretty much already doing that, so why stop now?” I stated. He seemed relieved at my answer, so I had to ask, “This request, you wouldn’t be asking because you are afraid of a certain person, say Robert, finding out about us?” 
He gave me a look that confirmed. 
“Say no more. I won’t tell him, as long as he doesn’t hocus pocus it out of me.” I kissed his lips. I was so worn out from the day and especially the night. I laid my head on his chest and heard silence. It was an interesting thing to not hear a heartbeat. I wasn’t freaked out like I thought I would be. I was in heaven. I was sleeping with the sexiest man alive, er, well sexiest man around. I finally drifted off with a smile on my face. 
I woke up with a major headache. I was alone in the bed and almost didn’t realize where I was. 
“Ezra?” I called out. No response. 
Maybe he went out for a midday snack. I had to stop being so negative. I would kill him if I ever saw him with that bimbo again. We didn’t discuss that part but later we would have to have another talk about my requests on the subject, and I knew exactly what I would say. 
Emily. I heard a whisper calling my name. 
“Ezra?” I called again. No response. 
“Seriously, Ezra, don’t mess with me,” I threatened. I could hear raspy breathing but the room was so dark. I turned on the lamp beside the bed. The room was empty except for me. The fire in the fireplace crackling was the only other sound I could hear except for my rapid beating heart and deep breathing. 
Emily. The whispering voice called out again, sounding like it was coming from the opposite side of the room. I was scared shitless. 
“This isn’t funny, you bastard,” I called out to whoever was playing with me. I stood up and took a step away from the bed. 
“It really is not.” The voice came in loud and clear from behind me. I turned quickly and lost my balance. I fell to the floor, landing on my back and hip. The pain radiated down my legs.  I scooted until I felt a wall on my back. Damon was standing a few feet in front of me. He was wearing a red tee shirt and black jeans. I heard whimpering and realized it was coming from me. He was suddenly bent down directly in front of me, and I let out a squeal. He took a chunk of my hair in his hands and smelled it. This teenage vampire was really getting on my nerves. 
“Leave me alone, Damon, I’m not even a witch.” 
He laughed in response and pulled my hair until it hurt. 
“You’re not real, this is just a dream,” I whimpered, hoping I would just wake up already. It didn’t help before, but I was praying for a miracle. He took my hand in his and inspected my arm. He ran his hand up and down my forearm. 
“Oh, dear God. Ezra, wake me up already,” I begged as I looked at the ceiling. I couldn’t watch what he was doing. 
Damon tilted his head to the side and looked at me with big red eyes. “One day, Emily, no one will be around to save you,” he warned before he bit down into my forearm. I could feel the pain and then nothing. 
I looked down and saw blood coming out of my arm with two bite marks. I looked up and was surprised to see Ezra staring back, with blood on his lips. I broke down and tried to crawl into the wall. I didn’t want Damon to look like Ezra. 
“Shh, Emily. Please, it’s me. Wake up, baby,” Ezra begged. I looked into his eyes. There was no way he could be faking this. I grabbed his neck and pulled him into a hug. I could still feel the tears running down my face. I looked up to see Axle, Gavin and Robert staring down with concern on their faces. It was obvious these dreams weren’t just a response to my stress. 
“So much for keeping this quiet,” I whispered to Ezra.










Chapter Twenty-One

After I told my story at least five times and got a hug from everyone, including Robert, everyone finally left Ezra’s room. 
“So you bit me to wake me up?” I asked again. 
“I’m sorry, babe. It was actually Gavin’s idea, if you can believe that,” he replied. 
Nelly had brought in a change of clothes for me, a big cup of Joe, and fresh blueberry muffins. It was ten in the morning, according to the clock on the mantle. I changed into my clothes and settled on to Ezra’s couch. 
“Wow, Gavin. That’s a shocker,” I replied into my cup. The coffee was prepared exactly how I like it, steaming hot with heaps of sugar and creamer. 
Ezra explained that I sat up in bed and was calling for him. I replayed the entire dream in real life.  
“It’s just so weird that he would bite me in my dream at the exact time you would in real life. It’s hard to know which was real and who caused the pain,” I said and took a sip. I grabbed a muffin but wasn’t feeling much of an appetite so I just picked a blueberry out, ate it and put the muffin back. 
“Baby, he can’t hurt you. It was only a dream,” he replied, trying to calm my mind, but it wasn’t working. Something felt wrong. 
“Ezra, it hurt when I fell, and when he pulled my hair. That can’t be right. I’ve never had dreams like this. I could feel his touch on my arm,” I exclaimed. 
He shook his head. He thought the same thing, he just didn’t want to admit it. That would mean Damon was able to get to me without even knowing where I was. 
“Robert will put a protection spell on you. He won’t be able to get to you anymore,” he replied, looking helpless. I felt so bad for Ezra. It must be hard to watch someone go through this and not be able to do anything about it. 
“We’re meeting in a little while. Why don’t you go see Kimmy while I’m away?” he proposed. 
It sounded like a great idea. Hopefully she was awake by now. I felt like seeing Kimmy would make it all better, but I really needed to see my mom first. I was such a bad daughter. She had been stuck in this house for days, and I had yet to visit her or even call. 
I found her room without much problem and fairly quickly. Her door was trimmed in a white shiny light in the shape of the frame. I knocked lightly but just decided to go in. As I opened the door, I walked straight from Ezra’s house into an exact replica of my mother’s home. Every detail looked the same, even the same smells. I had broken a picture frame when I was younger and there it was, still broken, on the wall. 
“Creepy,” I said out loud to myself as I studied the house. I found her in the same chair as always. 
“Mom, do you ever get up?” I fussed as I walked in. I must have scared her.
She jumped out of her seat and came over and hugged me. My mother is not a touchy feely person. I can count on my hands how many times she has given me a compliment. 
“Emily Lane, where have you been? I’ve been worried.” She smacked my arm. I sat down in the chair next to her. 
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you,” I mumbled. 
“What? Emily, don’t mumble. It’s very unattractive, and you need to get a man quick. Your eggs are drying up.” 
I rolled my eyes and she noticed. 
“What is wrong with you? You’re acting like a teenager. What’s going on?” she asked, giving me a suspicious look. 
I sighed. “I have a man,” I stated, trying to change the subject. 
“Oh yeah? That’s great! Well, where is he? I want to meet him?” Her tone changed and she started looking around, like he would be there. There was a window directly behind her chair, and it was bright and sunny outside. A car drove by. It was like being in the twilight zone. My mother was looking at me like I had gone crazy so I sat back down. 
“Sorry, it’s just I thought I saw a cat running down the street that I recognized. My boyfriend, well, it’s fairly new, so I’ll have to ask him,” I answered. That apparently was not the answer she was looking for. 
“Oh honey, if you have to ask him then he ain’t worth two pennies. You need to tell him, be forceful,” she advised. 
I just laughed, me be forceful with Ezra, yeah right. That man was wild, no woman could tame him. I was just along for the ride. 
“Oh no,” my mother announced. 
“What?” I asked, scared the spell was broken and she had learned what was going on. 
“I know that look. Girl, you are either coming down with the flu or you are in love.” 
I laughed again. “I don’t know, Mom.” If I had been honest, I thought I was falling in love with Ezra. My mind was fighting hard against the idea of love. I never imagined myself in love, ever. That’s one reason I didn’t mind that I couldn’t have children. 
I left my mother’s room and she tried so hard to walk me to my car. I refused. Of course this started a fight. She thought I was hoarding my new boy toy in the car and was ashamed of her. Finally I jetted out without complications. 
I walked around the house, looking for Kimmy’s room. Not like it was going to have a big sign announcing which room was hers but I figured I would just walk and clear my head. She’d tried to explain where it was on our date night, but me and directions don’t mix. I found the kitchen, which I would think was amazing if I had ever learned how to cook. The kitchen led to the dining room, which led to the living room. I was walking back toward my room when I heard talking in the study. The boys were still having their meeting. 
“This is serious, Robert. He is hurting her, actually hurting her in her dreams. We need to find him now and take him out before he does something really bad to her.” I immediately recognized Ezra’s voice. 
“We have the book. Damon is no threat to us now,” Robert replied. 
“Dammit, Robert, she is your kid. He is a threat to her. He’s going to kill her one night while she sleeps. It will be her blood on your hands.” Ezra was screaming at this point and slammed his hands down on the table. 
I jumped. 
“I am well aware of who Emily is to me. Don’t question my motives before you question your own. I am working on it. We’re leaving it at that,” Robert replied keeping his cool. How could Robert not see that something was terribly wrong? He’d witnessed Ezra biting me to wake me up. This was getting serious. I had listened long enough. I had to find Kimmy. I turned the corner from the living room to the start of the maze Ezra called a house. At the end of the hall was Nelly, carrying a laundry basket that was full of what seemed like dirty clothes. 
“Hi, Nelly!” I said to her with a little too much excitement in my voice. It felt great seeing her again. She just politely smiled back and kept walking. Guess there was no chance with her if things didn’t work out with Ezra. Eh, I really needed to avoid her. She was a walking happy pill. It seemed the more I came in contact with her, the harder it was to stay away. Thankfully my mind was so busy with Damon I didn’t have much time to think about Nelly. I turned down Kimmy’s hall, proud to finally feel like I was getting used to the place. See, just like his car, I learn quickly. At least I didn’t tear up his house in the process. 
I knocked on the door. No response. She was probably in the shower so I would come back later. I went back to my room and sent her a text to call me. You know, it’s pretty awesome to get service when you are so far underground. I usually couldn’t even get reception in an elevator. 
I fiddled online a bit and researched anything that could help me with my dream problem. The only thing offered was a dream catcher on sale. I bought two and had them shipped to my house. I also came across something about curses and not crossing over a circle of salt so that could be worth a try too. 
After an hour went by, I decided to give Kimmy a call. It went straight to voicemail. Ha! Someone has crappier service than me. I really didn’t feel like walking any longer, but I wanted to tell her about my newest dream and the party that went on after the party. 
I started toward her room. The dreams were causing sleep deprivation. Those boys had better figure something out fast before I started getting bags under my eyes. I knocked on Kimmy’s door. No answer. What the heck. She couldn’t be at the gym unless the guys were done with their meeting. I opened her door. 
“Kimmy, are you in here?” I called out. Her room was a grey and white. The bed spread was a big picture of a bare tree. There were sculptures of birds on the mantle. It seemed like a perfect room for Kimmy. She loved tans and greys, unlike my obsession of bright colors. I started toward the gym and caught Gavin in the hall. 
“Hey, have you seen Kimmy?” I asked. He was wearing a green shirt and dark jeans. Man, was he looking good. Focus, Emily. 
“Nope, I was just coming to meet up with her. I told her I would come to her room after the meeting.” As soon as he said it, my heart dropped. I must have fallen to the ground because next thing I know he was standing over me, asking me what was wrong. I couldn’t answer. Kimmy was missing. I didn’t even need to search the house. She would have never missed an opportunity to hang out alone in her room with any guy, especially one as hot as Gavin. 
“Kimmy is gone,” I finally said.










Chapter Twenty-Two
 
“Emily, why would you think that?” Gavin asked, looking confused. I could understand why. I had only checked her room and we were all stuck in this huge house. She could be anywhere. 
“I know Kimmy. Trust me, she is not in this house,” I replied. He wouldn’t believe me, but deep in my heart I knew. 
“Emily, let’s at least look for her before you become irrational.” 
I know he was thinking like a normal person, but it hurt my feelings a little. To him, I’m sure it seemed like I was being completely dramatic. He could be a little more understanding, not so rude.  
“Ok, you’re right. Let’s go look. Sorry, with everything going on, I guess I’m just thinking the worst right now,” I replied. 
He helped me off the floor. I had a new burst of energy that I hadn’t felt all week. I started running like a mad person around the house. I even passed Axle and Robert and couldn’t stop myself to explain. They already think I’m crazy, who cares. 
We had decided to break the house into two. Gavin would take the Gym and theater hall along with the basement, and I would take the remaining three halls. We would meet in the living room. I would check the kitchen and study on the way. I ran to the first hall and opened and closed all the doors, yelling Kimmy’s name. I did the same at the next hall. Some rooms were occupied by men I didn’t know. I didn’t have time to explain to them why I was barging in, I had to keep searching.  By the third hall, I had slowed down and felt tears forming. 
Keep it together, Em. She has to be here somewhere. By the time I made it to the living room, there were more people rallied. A few I had seen before, but still had not met. Robert, Axle and Ezra were waiting amongst the mix. 
“Did Gavin make it back yet?” I asked. With all of the adrenalin kicking in, I wasn’t even out of breath, which is odd for me. Going up the stairs at my apartment is usually a daily workout for me. 
Gavin ran in as I finished. He shook his head. I had to sit down. Who would take Kimmy? She wouldn’t go anywhere without telling me. 
“Um, can someone please tell me why I left my home to get my paper and ended up in this house?” I recognized the voice immediately. I stood and ran over to my mother. She was dressed in some sweat pants and a white t-shirt.  
“Emily, what in tarnation is going on?” she demanded, her hands planted firmly on her hips. Her foot was impatiently tapping, awaiting my response. 
“Betty, if you would please have a seat, I can explain.” Robert stepped in. I winced, I didn’t know if she was going to tell him off or kill him first. 
“Robert, I didn’t realize you were here,” she answered softly, looking surprised. Her hands fell to her sides and the tapping ceased. I was in shock. Who was this woman? I didn’t have time to find out. I was so happy that Robert was going to take care of the situation. I had to find Kimmy. 
“Mom, I am so sorry. Robert can explain it to you but right now I have to go. I think Kimmy was kidnapped.”  She didn’t look away from Robert. Gross. 
I just grabbed Ezra and started walking quickly toward my room. I needed my cell phone in case she tried to call back and stupid me left it on my bed. That would at least give us a minute to devise a plan. 
“Ok, so I just need to grab my cell phone and we can take your car. I think if we—“ 
“Emily, you’re not going anywhere.” His reaction made me stop in my tracks. I didn’t even think of the fact that he would not agree to me leaving. Of course he wouldn’t want me to go. But he had to know I couldn’t stand around and wait for her to come back. 
“Excuse me, Ezra. I don’t think you heard me correctly. Kimmy is gone. I am going to find her,” I snapped, feeling anger rising. 
“I’m sorry, Em. I can’t let you go,” he replied, looking sorry he had to say it. 
“Let me tell you something, Ezra. My best friend is missing and there is a crazed psycho vampire trying to kill me. If she turns up dead, it’s my fault. I don’t care what you say. I’m leaving this house in two minutes, with or without you. I will run if I have to, but I am going to find Kimmy.” I poked him hard in the chest, hoping that it would help get my point across. We had reached my room and I ran in and grabbed my phone. When I turned around, Ezra was guarding the door. I should have seen that move coming. 
“I don’t have time for this. Move!” I screamed. 
“I’m sorry, I can’t. Gavin and Axle will find her. You’re not going to do anything except get in the way and slow them down.” His voice rose to match mine. Guess there went Mr. Nice Guy. Drastic times call for drastic measures. 
“Axle,” I screamed on the top of my lungs. I knew it was childish to put Axle in the middle of the situation but if anyone would take my side against Ezra, it was Axle. I had planned on him coming to my rescue and once he could fight Ezra away from the door I would run like hell. 
“Yell as loud as you want. They are already gone,” he stated casually. 
I couldn’t believe I was left out. I know I didn’t have any special powers or super strength, but did they really expect me to sit and wait here? Were they really that stupid? I felt mad and hurt.  My phone started ringing in my hand. I jumped and almost dropped it. I fumbled around and answered it before I even looked to see who was calling. 
“Kimmy?” I answered, hoping with all I had that she replied and said she was just out taking a walk, exploring the grounds above. Or even out shopping. Laughter was all I heard, and I knew exactly whose laugh it belonged to. Damon. I felt the tears falling. Ezra tensed up. My entire body was trembling. My legs felt like they would give out at any moment. 
“Damon, I Swear to God if you touch her I will kill you myself,” I threatened into the phone. I know I didn’t seem like much but I’ve heard about mothers who could move a car if their baby was in trouble and that’s exactly how I felt. I could move a car for Kimmy’s life. I could kill a vampire for her too.
The laughter continued before I heard a beep, informing me the call was disconnected. I was enraged. I could rip Damon’s head off. I threw the phone on the bed. Everyone was trying to protect some senseless book he couldn’t even use and I was paying the real cost. Damon was hitting me where it hurt. I couldn’t imagine how he coaxed her back to town, or why she would even go. 
“I want to speak with Robert.” Robert would know what to do. I was trusting that he would provide some insight on anything supernatural we could do to protect her from here. Maybe he could put a spell on her or something. 
“I think you need to calm down before I let you leave this room. I need to know you aren’t going to try anything reckless,” Ezra replied. 
“Oh, shove it up your ass. This has nothing to do with you. I need to speak to my father, now move,” I demanded. Ezra was looking out for me but I couldn’t even consider the thought that he was keeping me from saving my friend. If she died it wouldn’t be only my fault it would be his too. I thought to myself. Maybe he heard my thought or maybe he didn’t want to face Robert, but he moved to the side to let me free. I ran back to the living room. I was on the fence about whether to be happy or pissed that Gavin and Axle were missing. 
“Robert, Damon just called me. He has Kimmy. Can you do a protection spell or something for her? Anything to keep her safe from him?” I begged. 
He thought for a second and turned his head to the left. He gave a nod to a man standing directly behind him. Immediately the man took off toward the hall. “I’ll try my best, Emily, but I can’t promise you anything.”  
“That’s ok, just try hard please.” I gave him a hug. I didn’t notice my mother standing beside him until I let go. 
“Oh, so you know now,” she stated. I was slightly confused until Robert finished her thought. “You know that your father is a Warlock.” 
What I couldn’t understand is how Gavin was a Wizard and my father was a Warlock, but I would have to file that under things to ask at a later date. 
“Oh, that, yeah,” I replied. It registered that Mom was saying she knew he was supernatural. 
“Wait. Mom, how long have you known?” I asked. I was glad to see the cat was out of the bag. I had been worried regarding how to tell her I had met my father, or even if I should. 
“Your father and I met while he was working on a case for your Grandmother. She had a poltergeist haunting her house, and he was the one who came out to help. We kept in touch and had a few dates. Until I found out I was pregnant with you. Because Robert’s job is so dangerous, we decided we shouldn’t see each other anymore,” she explained with a sad gleam in her eyes. 
For the first time in my life, I saw emotions from my mother. She was never affectionate or compassionate and I was ok with that, but to hear her speak of the love she had to give up for me was touching. I didn’t realize it was my fault my father left. I always thought he was just a dirt bag. 
The man Robert had sent away returned with a white tank top. He walked directly over and placed the shirt into Robert’s hands. 
“I don’t know how long it’s been since she has worn this, but it will have to do.” He left the room. 
You could feel the tension in the air but no one dared make a peep. Ezra had not looked at me the entire time and I was glad for it. I was done with his drama. I was done with men, period. I had enough on my plate. I didn’t need to add another person to my crazy life. I think he knew it was over. 
It didn’t even bother me at that moment because I couldn’t get upset over a silly boy when Kimmy was in the hands of a murder. Damon had killed two girls at my apartment without hesitation. What would stop him from killing Kimmy? I needed to speak to him again. Maybe the number he called from would still be in my phone. I needed to negotiate for her life. If he wanted that book, so be it, it was his. It wasn’t like he could really use it, He needed Robert to cast the spell. 
Ezra’s phone rang, He answered and kept his call private. He glanced my way at one point and I knew it had to be Gavin or Axle. As soon as he disconnected I stood, hoping to hear good news. He continued to ignore me. This was not a time for him to be immature. 
“Who was that?” I asked, feeling very impatient and grumpy. 
He opened his mouth to speak and then closed it. He must have decided against whatever he was about to say. “I don’t answer to you,” he finally replied into the fireplace. 
I could feel my body vibrating with anger. My hands were shaking and I was breathing hard. “Dammit Ezra, grow up you freaking jerk.” 
He continued to ignore me. I let out an irritated squeal and stormed off back to my room. There was only one way to find out exactly what was going on. I slammed my door and locked it. I turned on the clock radio by my bed and lay down. I didn’t have Gavin’s number, but I did have Axle’s. He picked up on the first ring. 
“Emily?” he answered. 
“Axle, what is going on? Ezra won’t tell me what you guys talked about on the phone,” I said, still hoping for good news. Doubtful. I would hope that if there was anything to report, Ezra would have been a man about it and just told me. He knew I was a wreck. 
“Emily, what are you talking about? We haven’t spoken with Ezra since we left the house.” I was so sure it was Gavin or Axle on the phone, I didn’t stop to think who it could have been. 
“Are you sure Gavin didn’t call him?” I asked. It was driving me crazy to not know who he spoke to. 
“No, I’ve been in the car with him this entire time. We’re still driving back to town. Is everything alright? Should I call Robert?” he asked with worry in his voice. I was tempted, but thought it would be best not to make such a fuss about the situation. 
“No, if I get annoyed enough I can go talk to Robert. It was probably his girlfriend anyways. Plus, Robert is doing some sort of protection spell for Kimmy right now, I wouldn’t want to interrupt,” I answered, feeling slightly better about the situation. Gavin and Axle were bad ass dudes and if anyone could take on Damon is was those two. I was glad to know they were on their way to help Kimmy. 
“I really appreciate you guys going to look for Kimmy. She means the world to me and if anything were to happen to her…” I choked up. “What I mean to say is thank you for this. You have no idea what this means to me.”  
“Anything for you, babe. Don’t worry, we will find her,” he replied. 
After we ended our call, I felt disconnected. I didn’t want to face Ezra again, but I didn’t want to be alone. The only person who would understand was Kimmy. I really needed to get her back. I felt helpless, There was nothing I could do. I tried to look up the number Damon had called me from but he didn’t answer. I desperately needed to hear from him. I had to know that she was ok, that he wasn’t going to hurt her or worse. 
I heard a knock at the door. I didn’t even bother getting up, I had a feeling I knew exactly who it was. 
“Go away,” I called out. I couldn’t deal with more drama at this point. I was one conversation away from snapping. 
“Sorry, dear. I made you some dinner. I thought you might be hungry,” Nelly replied. 
I was mortified. “I am so sorry, Nelly. Please come in,” I said as I ran to the door to unlock it and let her in. She gave me a concerned look as she entered, carrying the most delicious smelling food on a tray. 
“Do I look that bad?” I asked her. I knew the stress was getting to me. 
“No dear, not too bad for what you are going through. It’s perfectly understandable.” Her comment caught me off guard. I really did look bad. She was trying to be nice. Her being in the room made me feel that much better. 
“Well, I brought you some tomato bisque, mac and cheese, apple sauce, peach cobbler, and some green tea. I know it seems very random but I didn’t know what you would like so I just made my favorite comfort foods.” 
It brought tears to my eyes. She placed the tray on the bed and pulled me into a hug. She felt warm and smelled like home. I didn’t want to let go. I could handle everything that was going on as long as Nelly was by my side. 
“I don’t know what to do, Nelly. I would do anything to save Kimmy, but they won’t let me leave.” I was getting angry at myself for not standing up to Ezra and leaving. 
“You know what I think?” I looked down at the tiny old lady with hopeful eyes. Maybe she would know what to do to make this all go away. 
“I think you should eat something, drink your tea, and take a nap. After you are all rested, then I’ll come back in here and sit with you until the boys get back.” She rubbed my arm and then she exited the room. 
Not exactly the Yoda advice I was looking for. I couldn’t expect anyone to have the answers. I ate every single bite of my food on the couch and took my tea to the bed. I texted Axle to get an update, but he replied that they were still driving. I sipped my tea as I thought about what Nelly had said to do. I did feel better getting some food in my stomach but she didn’t really think I could sleep at a time like this. 
Then it hit me. The only way I could speak to Damon was to sleep. I could dream and hopefully talk to him. I could try to convince him to trade Kimmy for the book. I had no way of getting my hands on the book, but it was worth a try. I sat my tea down and laid back. I rolled for a few minutes, trying to get comfortable. I was getting sleepier by the minute, which was unusual under the circumstances. 
I hadn’t realized I drifted off until I saw Kimmy. My heart felt like it had exploded when my eyes met hers. She was in the same run down jail cell and tied to the same chair as I had been in my first dream of Damon. If felt odd to see her in the same position I had been just a few hours before. Her head was bent down in front of her with her hair covering her face. I was afraid to see what Damon had done to her. I would break down if he had hurt her. She was such a strong woman but she could never go up against the likes of a vampire. I heard laughter. My body went still, my lungs just wouldn’t work. I could feel sweat rolling down my face. Damon opened the door to the cell and strolled in. He gave me a knowing look and walked over to Kimmy. He pulled her head up, she was so limp. I couldn’t tell if she was even alive till I heard her whimper. 
“Kimmy, what were you thinking?” I whispered out loud, more to myself than anyone. Damon gave another evil smile. 
“I swear, Damon, I will kill you myself!” I threatened. 
“When, Emily? You can’t touch me in your dreams, but today is not about you. It’s about your beautiful friend here.” He removed a few curls from her face. She had a black eye and a busted lip. She still had color in her face, so at least she had that. 
He started smelling her neck as he held her face. She gave a slight jerk. She still had a small bit of fight in her. That’s when I noticed the multiple teeth marks in her neck, the bastard was biting her. Everything was happening like my dream. He gave me a crooked smile before he bent down, teasing her neck, He whispered into her ear but I couldn’t hear what he told her. She looked me straight in the eyes and I knew what came next. His teeth grew long before he bit her again. She opened her mouth to scream, but I didn’t hear anything.









Chapter Twenty-Three

 I awoke back in my room. Drenched in sweat and panting, I was glad to not be surrounded by men. I gripped my pounding head. 
“Everything ok, dear?” Nelly asked. 
Her presence startled me. I thought I had been alone. 
“Nelly, I’m ok, I guess, given the current circumstances.” I had a bottle of water on my nightstand. I picked it up and started chugging. Nelly waited until I was through quenching my thirst. 
“How was your dream?” she asked. 
I ran my hand over my face to clean up the sweat. “It was horrible. Damon has Kimmy and he is killing her. He wants that stupid spell book. No one here will ever give it to him. They would rather just let Kimmy die. And on top of everything, I’m trapped here. I have to get to her.” I poured out my soul. It hurt to admit my current situation out loud. It made it feel worse. I had been hoping for every minute that this was all a bad dream and I would wake up sooner or later. I picked up my phone, no missed calls, no voice mail. Meaning they hadn’t found her. Which I already knew from my dream. 
“So, you want to get the book and leave?” she asked, sitting down beside me. Her presence made me feel calmer. 
“I know it sounds insane. There is no way I could ever get the book. And then there is no way I could sneak past Ezra, again!” I was giving up fast. I was kidnapped. 
“I can help you, if you would like,” she replied softly. It was such a nice offer, I knew it impossible, but it’s the thought that counts. 
“Oh, Nelly, you are so sweet but like I said, I can’t get the book and break out.” It felt good to have at least one person on my side in this house. 
“Emily, you underestimate me. I can get you the book and help you break out as you call it.” My eyes had to be the size of plates. I was in shock. Excitement started coursing through my veins. 
“Can you really help me?” I asked, with hope in my heart. 
“Wait, right here,” she replied with a smile on her face. She quietly departed my room. I ran over and grabbed a backpack I had found earlier in my closet. I filled it with my necessities and a few clothes. Just in case. I threw in my phone, purse and charger. I knew if we were about to really do this I would need both hands free. By the time I packed Nelly returned with the big old book in her arms. My mouth fell to the floor. I couldn’t believe what I was looking at. 
“What, How?” I stammered. 
“We have to hurry. Now, be extremely quiet and follow me,” she answered. 
“What if we run into Ezra?” I forcefully whispered. He would kill me if he found out what we were planning. 
“Robert is in Kimmy’s room, trying a different protection spell, and Ezra is feeding in his room,” she answered with a smile on her face. 
I wasn’t sure what to think about Ezra feeding yet again, but I didn’t have time to think twice about it. We were off, creeping down the hall. I felt like a fugitive breaking out of the big house. We went through one hall and into another, so far so good, I thought to myself. We heard a door shut and froze. Nelly gave me a look that said to stay calm and silent. I should have offered to take the book. It seemed so big next to her little body. She nodded, giving the ok to keep going. 
We made it to the kitchen, and she placed the book on the counter and turned to the pantry. She opened the door and walked in. I grabbed the book and followed her. The pantry was amazing, filled with all kinds of different foods. It had to be twenty feet long. She grabbed a can of beets at the very back and pulled it forward. The pantry wall shifted and she turned to me and winked. 
Sneaky little Brownie. 
I shut the pantry door behind us and crept through the secret door. We entered a dirt tunnel that was about four feet tall. The tunnel was very dark, I could barely see in front of me. 
“Take my hand,” Nelly whispered. I jumped because I didn’t realize she was standing directly in front of me. I had to bend down in order to walk through the tunnel, very uncomfortable but it was my escape and my way to rescue Kimmy. We walked hand in hand for what seemed like forever. The floor was at a slight incline. I finally saw light at the end of the tunnel. As we reached the outside, I felt like doing a celebratory dance. The tunnel ended in the forest. Trees and brush surrounded us. I didn’t care how far we would have to walk or run, I was just so happy that we had made it out of the house with the book. Kimmy was going to be saved.  
“We’re not out of the clear yet, honey. We need to hurry.” Nelly pulled a key out of her front pocket. This woman was my savior. We started walking through the forest stepping over roots and weeds. She moved with such grace and quickness, almost as though she knew the path well. We walked for a few minutes before we came to a thin clearing, wide enough to fit a tiny car. We turned left and kept walking. In the distance, I could see a vehicle but it was too far to make out what kind exactly. As we got closer, I could see it was a small silver car. We hopped in and took off. 
Not one word was spoken for about an hour. My phone broke the silence. 
“Shit, it’s Ezra. Should I answer?” I asked her nervously. My hands were shaking. 
“Probably best to let it go to voicemail, I suppose.” She looked at my phone like it was a monster. 
What would I even dare say to Ezra? I was thankful she suggested not answering it. I really didn’t want to speak to him. It would just upset me more. A few minutes later I received a call from an unknown number, I didn’t wait to hear what Nelly had to say, I knew it could be Damon and we desperately needed somewhere to meet. 
“Hello?” I answered. 
“Emily, are you ok?” Gavin replied, sounding upset. 
I felt slightly disappointed. “Gavin, I’m fine. I’m sorry I had to go. I have to find Kimmy,” I replied, trying desperately to make him understand. 
“Em, even if you find her, how do you think you are going to save her? You are not as strong as us.” He sighed. I felt like a child being scolded for doing something silly. 
“I’m going to negotiate for her life. I don’t need to be as strong as you guys, I just have to be smarter.” I tried very hard not to lose my cool, but I was becoming annoyed. 
“That is not smart. What are you going to do, negotiate your life for hers?” He seemed just as annoyed. He made it sound like he would rather Damon have Kimmy than me. I guess since it was his job to protect me, if I gave myself up that would mean he failed. I didn’t want to get him fired, but Kimmy came first over all of these men. 
“What? My life? No, I am going to give him the book and say the spell in exchange for Kimmy.”  
“And how do you expect to give him a book that is locked away in Ezra’s house?” he asked. 
I realized no one knew we had taken the book yet. I couldn’t help but smile. Not only had we escaped the prison we took a book that was protected by a bunch of supernatural creeps. 
“Please don’t tell me you stole the book.” Gavin took my silence as an answer. 
“Well, I didn’t exactly take it,” I told him with a hint of uncertainty in my voice. 
“But you have the book in your possession right now?” he asked, catching on. 
“Um, well yes actually.” It was nice to have something to smile about even if I felt guilty for having a little fun at a time like this. 
“You’re shitting me,” he replied, totally catching me off guard. 
I started laughing. “I shit you not.” 
“Oh, little girl, you are going to be in so much trouble.” He didn’t even seem too upset about the situation. 
“Look, it’s not like I can even use the stupid book for Damon, so it’s pretty much useless to him,” I replied, getting to my point. 
He sighed. “Emily, you have a lot to learn. Just promise me when you get to Damon you will call me before you meet up. I want to be closer to you.”
“Why, Gavin, if we weren’t in hell right now I would think you were hitting on me,” I teased. 
He laughed and disconnected the phone. 
“Well, the cat is out of the bag now, Nelly,” I informed her. 
She continued to keep her eyes on the road. “What cat?” 
“Um, never mind it’s just a figure of speech. They know we have the book.”
She sighed and gripped the wheel harder. We arrived back in town at midnight and decided to hide out at a motel. We needed to get some shut eye, and I had a date to plan with Damon. I needed to let him know I had the book so I needed to sleep. We used cash to pay for the room just in case the guys tried to track us down. By the time we got to the room I was half asleep. I threw my bag on the floor and passed out on the couch, letting Nelly have the bed. I got the best sleep of my life. No dreams whatsoever. 
I woke up, pissed off, to the smell of coffee. 
“Dammit.” Sunlight was peeking through the curtains. 
“What’s the matter, dear?” Nelly asked, handing me a cup of coffee. It tasted amazing, usually motel coffee taste like dirt. 
“The one time I needed to dream and I didn’t. I can’t understand why,” I answered angry. How was I supposed to know if Kimmy was still alive if I couldn’t find her? The one time needed to dream and I couldn’t even get that right. I couldn’t save her life. I was a nobody. It would be my fault that I couldn’t save her. 
Nelly must have known I was beating myself up. She took my cup and pulled me into a motherly embrace. “Now, don’t feel sorry for yourself. We will find her. He won’t kill her, knowing that’s his only weapon against you.” She comforted me. I felt close to Nelly. We had a connection, we were both rebels. My phone started ringing. 
“It’s probably Ezra trying to find us,” I said as I answered my phone. 
“Hello,” I sighed into the phone, not ready for the conversation we were about to have. The good thing was that I could just hang up anytime I wanted. 
“Do you have what I need?” a raspy voice asked. I immediately grabbed my chest, it was Damon. 










Chapter Twenty-Four

“Damon, yes yes yes! I have the book. Please just give me Kimmy and you can have it,” I shrieked. I was so relieved that he had called me. 
“Whoa, slow down. I’ll give you directions where you can meet me. You will bring the book and nothing else. You come alone or I’ll kill the girl,” he threatened. The way he said it made me believe he wasn’t bluffing. 
“Damon, I’ll do whatever you want just… please don’t hurt her anymore,” I begged, holding back my tears. I didn’t feel courageous any longer. I was so close to getting Kimmy back. I didn’t want to get her killed because of my pride. 
“Meet me at 735 Elmore Avenue, and I’m being dead serious if I even think you are bringing your little side show I’ll kill her and then everyone you know.” He hung up. 
“Geez, he’s grumpy,” I stated out loud. 
“You know you can’t go alone.” Nelly looked worried. 
“I have to, Nelly, if I don’t he will kill Kimmy.” I knew she was right, Damon could kill me without even trying. But I was stuck. 
“Ok, I have an idea. I can drop you off. Then I’ll wait a few minutes and call Gavin. I can give him the address,” she explained, smiling. 
I returned the smile, this could work.  I called Gavin to let him know of the plan. 
He answered on the first ring. “Hey, are you guys still in town?” I needed as much protection as close as possible. 
“Yes, we stayed at my apartment last night. Can I ask you where you are?” he asked. 
I laughed nervously. “Yeah right, good try though. Look we have a plan. Damon gave me an address to meet him at. I’m going to show up alone and then have Nelly call you guys with the address so you can save my ass.” It sounded so easy surely this had to work. 
“I don’t know, Emily, I really don’t like this. It doesn’t feel right. I need to at least call Robert and Ezra,” he replied. 
I didn’t have time to wait for him to decide if he was in or not. I had an opportunity to save my best friend.  
“Gavin, I don’t have time for all of this. I am doing this with or without your help. If you think you and Axle can’t protect me from the big bad vampire without Ezra then call him and show up when he gets here.” I was probably hard on him but I was grumpy and stressed. 
“That’s not what I meant at all. I just don’t feel comfortable letting you walk in there alone. I would feel responsible if anything were to happen to you.” It was almost a sweet gesture, but I didn’t know if he really cared about me or was trying to cover his own cute butt. Maybe he did feel something for me. Unfortunately, I couldn’t think about it.  
“Well, sorry you feel that way but I have to do what I have to do. You don’t really have a choice in the matter. I’m going in alone. Now, I have a date with death so just wait for a call from Nelly to give you directions. Stay around your apartment and you will be close.” 
“God, Emily. You are so stubborn. Please be careful,” he answered with sincerity in his voice. I rolled my eyes and hung up. Me? Be careful, yeah right. I knew I was going to die. I got dressed and ate a plain bagel. Well, really I forced myself to swallow a few bites. I was more nervous than I had ever been before in my life. I plugged the address into my phone. We closed up the room and checked out. We took the directions that my phone called out in silence. Every turn we took made me even more nervous. We pulled unto a tiny dirt road. I could see an abandoned building down the road. 
“Ok, this is it. Gavin’s number is added in my phone. Um, if you need to call Ezra or Axle they are saved as “Blood Sucking Bastard’ and ‘Dumb Dog.’ Long story, anyways I guess I had better start walking. Give me fifteen minutes before you call them.” I handed her my phone and grabbed the book from the back seat. I opened my door and felt her hand on my arm. 
“Be careful, Emily. Just do exactly what he tells you.” 
I nodded and hopped out of the car. I shut the door and started walking. Each step felt like I was walking in quick sand. I finally snapped out of it. 
“Come on, Emily. You will be fine. Keep focused on saving Kimmy,” I reassured myself. I got closer and noticed Damon standing at the front door. I picked my head up and no longer felt fear. I felt enraged. This guy had ruined my life. I only wanted to kill him slowly. I didn’t know if that was possible for a vampire but I wanted to try. 
He must have felt my anger, because he smiled in response. I thought to myself that Gavin and Axle would come to my rescue soon. Then I remembered his mind reading trick and thought of only Kimmy.
“I see you brought the book, alone, as I asked. That’s a good start,” Damon greeted me. 
I wanted to tell him where he could shove the book, but thought against it. 
“I want to see Kimmy,” I answered. 
He turned around and walked inside the building. I followed into the creepy rat shack. It took a second for my eyes to adjust to the darkness. It was a small open building. There was a counter at the front and a jail cell in the back. It looked as though no one had used the place in years. Everything was covered in dust and cobwebs. The light shining in from a few broken windows illuminated every dust particle flying around.  The jail cell caught my attention. Kimmy was no longer there. In fact I couldn’t see her anywhere.
 “Where is Kimmy? We had a deal.” 
He laughed. “You have only one chance to save her. This was a test.” 
I was confused, I was trying to save her, but she wasn’t in the building. 
“I am trying to save her, asshole, where is she?” I cried out. A sick feeling crept over me. Had he already killed her and this was only a set up to kill me too? We continued to walk to the cell. The room still held the chair from my dream but empty this time. The ropes that were used on Kimmy were loosely draped around the back rest. 
“You want to save her? Go ahead,” he said, gesturing into the cell. 
“You really think I’m going to go in there so you can lock me up?” I answered, crossing my arms over my chest. I was really worried about Kimmy, I was hoping maybe he had let her go. 
“You’re wasting time, and I don’t know how long you can hold your breath but I hope Kimmy can hold hers for longer.” He pointed into the cell. That’s when I noticed the shovel in the far corner of the room. The floor was made of dirt and looked like it had been dug up recently. That’s when it came together, he had buried Kimmy alive. 
I screamed. I don’t know how my legs moved so quickly. I felt like I had been teleported into the cell. One minute I was screaming, the next I was tearing at the ground with everything that I had. I felt something in the ground and saw her brown hair, at least I was digging in the right spot. Within seconds, I had moved dirt from her face. I put my ear to her mouth. She wasn’t breathing. I prayed that I wasn’t too late as I kept flinging dirt off her body. I had to get to her chest to start CPR. 
As the dirt came off, I put my fingers to her neck. No pulse. I noticed the dirt was getting muddier. I was crying uncontrollably. I started doing compressions and she coughed immediately. 
“Oh, thank God. Kimmy, can you hear me?” I cried out. She didn’t open her eyes. She continued to cough and pulled her arms out of the dirt. She wasn’t very far down so it wouldn’t be difficult to free herself. He must have knocked her out then buried her. I couldn’t tell how much damage he had caused because her face was too dirty. I tried to pull her hand to help her up. She groaned and jerked her hand away. It hurt, she was mad at me. Honestly at that moment I didn’t even care, she was alive.  
I heard the cell door shut and I popped my head around. Damon was standing behind the closed cell, holding the book. 
“So, now I need you to hurry and read my spell.” He threw the book into the room. Dirt sprayed up as it hit the ground. 
“Can’t you give me a second? I’m trying to make sure Kimmy is ok. You almost killed her,” I yelled. Kimmy was almost completely free from the ground. She was pawing at the floor, trying to free her left leg. 
“Oh, I wouldn’t wait around if I were you. See I knew if I just handed you your friend safe and sound you wouldn’t do what I needed. So I made myself a little insurance.”
I wasn’t sure what kind of insurance he was talking about but the look he gave me didn’t make me question him. I sat down next to the book and pulled it into my lap. 
“Good, now I suggest you hurry. Flip to page 599,” he instructed. 
I did as I was told. I didn’t know how long I had been there but surely the guys should be here by now. As I turned each page, I was listening to hear them break down the door. Nothing was heard except my breathing and Kimmy pawing at the ground. I couldn’t for the life of me understand why she wouldn’t accept my help and what was taking her so long to free her leg. 
“You should probably find that page a little faster,” he warned. I was tired of the hints he was trying to throw at me. 
“Why is it so important that I hurry?” I asked curiously.  
He laughed. “You see, your friend is not herself right now. And the only thing holding her back from eating your heart out is her foot chained deep into the ground. Once she frees herself, there will be no stopping her from killing you.” 
I slowly turned to Kimmy. She had the most evil look on her face, and her eyes were shining bright red. Only once had I seen eyes like that, and it was on Ezra. Damon had turned Kimmy into a vampire, and I was going to be her first meal. 
“You fucking bastard!” I yelled at him. I could feel tears falling down my face. He just gave another laugh, I was amusing him. 
“Kimmy, I am so sorry,” I apologized. She wore a blank stare. This wasn’t my best friend. 
“Why would you be sorry for the life I am giving her? We are immortal, and strong. Her old life was boring and useless.” 
I heard the door open but I couldn’t see who was coming to my rescue. 
“Gavin, I’m in here hurry,” I called out. 
Damon had a look of pure surprise on his face as he turned to look. I stood up and ran to the bars, gripping them tightly. I squinted to see who was coming. To my surprise, it was Nelly who had showed up to save me. 
“Nelly. No. Run, save yourself,” I exclaimed, but she kept walking toward us, ignoring me. There was no way she could take on Damon. He would kill her in an instant and I would have to watch. I could hear Kimmy behind me grunting and the chain clinking. As Nelly came closer, she walked straight to Damon and they greeted each other in a warm embrace. 
I thought I would throw up. She had helped me escape because she worked for Damon. All along it was her that was betraying me. I had trusted her, and now no one was coming to my rescue. She never called Gavin to send him my address. I immediately knew that I was going to die very soon. 









Chapter Twenty-Five

“How could you?” I demanded. 
“Sorry, dear, but I’ve been with Damon for a long time. Where ever he goes I go. I just happened to be working for Ezra when he switched sides. You have to understand he is like a son to me.” She had a genuine look of pitiful regret, but there was no way in hell I would ever forgive her. I felt close to her and she stabbed me in the back. 
“You see, Emily, I needed someone to administer a potion to you in order for me to access your dreams. It was so perfect and none of your stupid boyfriends even guessed it. Robert was onto us, that is why I had to get Nelly to kidnap your friend. I had to push you.” 
I was mortified. Everything that I had done was because of Damon. I was so happy that I had escaped the house but I didn’t dream that it was all part of his plan. I felt betrayed and foolish. And now my best friend was about to be free and kill me. No one would ever find me. 
Damon cleared his throat, bringing me back to reality. “You can still get out of this, Emily. Just read the spell.” 
I was so out of it I didn’t even know if I could read. “What about Kimmy?” I wasn’t sure what I was trying to ask, but I was worried about her and what would happen to her. 
“Kimmy will be fine, you just need to read the spell. Then I’ll let you out and keep her locked in there till your backup gets here to help her. Don’t worry so much, we dealt with things like this all the time. They will take her back to headquarters and teach her how to be a good little vampire. She will probably replace me.” 
At least I still had a chance of survival and Kimmy could get help. I knew I had to take it. Hell, maybe she would even like that lifestyle. I nodded to him and returned back to the book. I opened back to the page as he and Nelly stepped closer to the cell. 
“So all you have to do is read the spell and state my name after you finish.” He was full of excitement and nervousness. I read through the page in my head. The words frightened me. I could feel a tingle in my arms and hands. I had felt this before when I first held the book. I didn’t know what it meant, but I was hoping that it could help me. 
“What if this doesn’t even work? I’ve never done magic before,” I asked curiously. 
He laughed and seemed to relax a little bit. “Trust me, you are the daughter of Robert Sullivan. This will work.”
I prayed that the guys would find me soon before I started reading the inscription. As I read, he repeated along with me through memory.
“What is wicked now be sinful. What is unstable make it criminal. Do your bids along with more. Make this maker strong to the core.”
I stopped, my hands were shaking violently. 
“Keep going,” Damon warned in a whisper. 
So I did.
“Take the heart and rip in two. Mend the amiss and renew. Expose the guarded portal. Dispense time unto this mortal. Connect what was mine plus his. Send to complete what is. It is written in the stars to empower. Let no fault yet devour.”
I finished with a sigh, my hands were still. I felt completely relaxed. 
Damon gave me a warning glare. 
“Damon,” I croaked out. Suddenly my heart felt like it was being ripped out of my chest. I couldn’t breathe. I heard loud hysterical laughing. I felt blood rushing to my head. I knew I would pass out soon if it didn’t stop. The pain was so intense. I crawled on the floor, pounding on my chest, trying anything to stop the agony. My vision was giving out on me, I felt like I was being trapped inside of a tunnel and it was closing in on me. I was unable to even gasp for a breath of air. I was dying. 
I didn’t know how strong the spell was, this was the reason Robert didn’t want me to have it. The reason no one wanted me to give it to Damon, it would kill me and give him my powers. I looked over at Kimmy, I could barely make her out any longer. I just wanted her face to be the last one I saw before I died. 
I don’t know how long I was out. It had to be only a few seconds. I awoke with a violent startle. I struggled to catch my breath. I inhaled the deepest I have ever in my life. I panted. My beating heart had to be going a million beats per second. Everything was clearer. The blur and tunnel was gone, I could breathe again. I was alive! Everyone in the room studied me as I threw myself around the floor, trying to pull as much oxygen into my lungs as I could. I probably looked like a fish out of water, but at that moment I just needed to breathe in as much air as I could muster. I was alive and fighting for my life. 
Damon was stammering something to Nelly, and she was trying to calm him down. I couldn’t make out what was being said over my heart beating loudly in my ears. Finally I regained my strength and stood. I felt great, like something had been lifted from me that was holding me down. I could finally make out what Damon was fussing about. 
“I don’t understand. She said my name. I don’t feel anything,” he yelled at Nelly. 
After everything she had done to me and yet I was still getting angry that he was yelling at her. I could hear Kimmy to my left, pulling at her chain, still trying to free herself. The clinking of the metal sounded like thunder in my ears. 
Nelly had her hand on his shoulder, trying to reassure him. “Damon, calm down. Everything is fine. You just need to learn your skills now.” 
But I knew he didn’t have any skills to learn. In fact, he had nothing. I felt as though I had electricity within my blood, itching to be freed. I started laughing, which stopped everyone. I ended with a smile. Damon and Nelly moved closer to the cell. 
“Who explained how the spell works to you, Damon?” I asked as I stopped laughing. He looked at me in shock. 
“Robert,” he whispered, which made me smile harder. He looked so confused. 
“What’s funny is, you have betrayed Robert in every sense of the word. Yet, the one thing that you desire with every essence of your being Robert betrayed you with,” I announced with pride in my eyes. My father was one smart man to never trust anyone. 
“I don’t understand.” He was sounding more like a child with every passing second. 
“Well, you see, Damon, the spell works like this. Two people have to recite the spell but whichever name is called out, that is the soul whose powers are forfeited,” I explained with excitement. 
The look of shock on his face was priceless. He tried to speak but nothing came out. Then he started shaking his head violently. “No. I have the power,” he screamed, refusing to believe me. 
I laughed and walked over to Kimmy. I gently pushed her back to sit her down and grabbed her ankle. I gave the chain a tug and it broke. I looked her straight into her big red curious eyes. 
“Stay,” I commanded and she nodded. She seemed more like a robot than my hilarious vulgar best friend. I turned to Damon, his mouth was open with disbelief. 
“I guess told ya so would be childish to say right now, huh?” I joked. He looked furious, but not as furious as I felt. I waved my hand and the jail cell door flew across the room. He and Nelly started backing up. I really didn’t know if I had it in me to kill Nelly, but I knew I wanted to rip Damon to shreds. He tried to turn and run. I reached out to him with my hand, and he stopped in midair. 
“You have ruined my life. You killed my best friend and turned her into a monster. You made Nelly gain my trust and then deceive me, not to mention the two girls you killed. You, Damon, are a dead man,” I roared. 
“Please, I didn’t mean to hurt anyone. You could never live with yourself if you killed another person.” He begged for his life. His eyes were bright red. 
“You’re right, Damon, I don’t know if I could kill another person. But thankfully you are not a person. And I want my face to be the last thing you see before you die.” 
He gave me a look of surprise. Then his face twisted in pain and he cried out. It took only seconds for his body to explode. Yet he blew up with such force that blood splattered everywhere. I felt cold wet droplets on my face and arms. I looked over at Nelly, who looked completely calm although she was now covered in her so called son’s blood.
Suddenly the front door flew open and in walked an army of guys geared up for war. Robert and the boys were at the front line dressed in all black. Was there really a point to their outfits? The sun was shining outside. Black really wasn’t a great color for a rescue in the middle of the day. They all ran in and stood with guns pointed, clearing the room. I thought it was strange they would be carrying guns when the bad guy was a vampire.
“Hi, guys, where have you been?” I said as they looked up from the scope of their guns. Each gave me a look of confusion and surprise. I just smiled. 











Chapter Twenty-Six

It took Robert all of three seconds to start barking orders. He sent the back-up rat pack out to ‘search’ for Damon. They cuffed Nelly and she sat calmly in a chair. She was being extremely cooperative. Ezra was inspecting Kimmy, and I desperately wanted to be near her. Gavin noticed my sad look and walked over and pulled me into an embrace. 
“Thanks,” I said into his chest. 
“It’s over now, Em. You can breathe.” He said it made me chuckle, if he only knew how true that was. 
“Is she going to be ok?” I asked, releasing his hold on me and nodding toward the cell. Kimmy looked like a petrified little kitten. This was a new side to her I had never seen before and it worried me. 
“Yeah, she’s going to be fine. She’s a strong girl. Usually when a vampire makes another they take on the responsibility and teach them the ropes. She’s going through a lot and doesn’t understand. I’m sure she feels pretty guilty that she was going to kill you if she would have gotten free. But she couldn’t help it.”
I sighed, I don’t know what would have happened if she had broken free of that chain before I read the spell. I didn’t think she would even have taken a second look at me before sucking me dry. 
“I’m just glad I got her back.” Kimmy looked up at me, our eyes connected and even through the blood red eyes I could see my friend in there. I gave her a reassuring smile. I turned back to Gavin. 
“So what’s next?” I asked as Axle joined us. 
“Now, you can go back to life,” Axle chimed in. 
Life sounded like a funny word after everything that happened. “Life huh? So I’m supposed to forget everything that happened?” 
A few of the guys got back and reported to Robert who was still checking out the damage that was left of Damon. He pointed to Nelly and then Kimmy. One of the guys grabbed Nelly and helped her stand. They then started together toward the door. 
“So what is going to happen to Nelly?” I asked curiously. 
“Well, she betrayed us. There is only one punishment for that,” Gavin stated. 
“Oh God, you guys are going to kill her?” I asked. I knew she probably deserved it but I couldn’t see Nelly dying for her mistake. 
“Geez, Emily, what do you think this is the seventeen hundreds? She’s going to jail.” Gavin laughed. I didn’t even think about that. 
“Oh, well you never know with you supernatural creeps.” I smirked. 
“Hey, you better not make fun of us supernatural creeps, I think it’s safe to say you are now one of us,” Axle joked as he gently punched me in the arm. Guess he was right, the cat was out of the bag that I was a witch. Interesting. 
“Hmm,” I replied. It was surprising that no one asked me exactly what happened. After one of the soldiers took Kimmy off, Ezra walked over to speak with Robert. I couldn’t hear what they were saying but by the looks I was getting from Robert I had a pretty good idea. What was really upsetting was Ezra never once gave me even a glance. He wasn’t worried at all about me, guess he was over me. 
Wish I could dismiss him as easily. Honestly, I wasn’t sure if I wanted him to fight for me anymore. I wasn’t sure if we were such a great match after all. Robert nodded to Ezra, which ended the conversation. He looked at Gavin and Axle and they smiled at me and left. 
Robert headed over to me. We were alone in the building before he spoke. “They didn’t find Damon,” he stated. 
Did he really not see all of the blood splattered everywhere? He had been studying it since they arrived. 
“Trust me, Damon is long gone,” I stated. 
He gave me a look of disappointment. Guess he was mad that I took off.  “No one ever needs to know what went on here today. I do mean no one,” he warned. 
“I understand you are mad that I stole the book and left, but I did what I felt I had to do. Kimmy and Mom are all I have. Kimmy is family to me. I hope one day you can forgive me.” I explained as best I could to try and make him see my side. 
“Emily, I am not upset. Ok, I was upset when I learned you were missing, but only from love and worry. Whether you believe it or not, I do love you like a daughter. I just want to protect you. And if someone finds out that Damon in fact died here today by the hands of a young and untrained witch, they will ask dangerous questions.”
He was right, someone could do to me exactly what Damon did. I would be forced to relive this entire experience, and next time I don’t think I would be so lucky. 
“Well, Robert, you not trusting someone saved my life today. You’re a pretty smart fellow.” 
His smile lit up his face. He put his arm around me and we started toward the door. 
“Can I ask you a question?” I asked. 
“Sure,” he answered. 
“Why do you look so young? You don’t look old enough to be my father,” I curiously asked. 
He laughed. “Emily, that is a long discussion we should save for another day.” He kissed my head. 
Gavin drove me home. Ezra was already gone by the time we had exited the building. They had found my backpack in Nelly’s car and returned it to me, which was a relief. I can’t live without my phone. He parked in front of my apartment and turned off the ignition. We both got out of the car. I must say it was nice to be going home to my own place again. I had a new love for the fact that I could see my front door from my bedroom. 
“Your things will be brought over tomorrow and your mom is already on her way home. She should be there this afternoon,” he explained as we walked to our building. 
“So what happens to Kimmy?” I asked. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll keep you informed. Soon you will be able to visit her.”
I was relieved. Hopefully she wouldn’t hate me forever for bringing her into this mess. 
“So where is this place that she is going? Or what I mean to say is where exactly do you guys work at?” 
He laughed. “Our headquarters is in downtown Baton Rouge.” That wasn’t too bad, our apartment was just outside city limits. He didn’t have to drive very far. Ezra, on the other hand, had one hell of a commute for work. I was beginning to think it wasn’t coincidence that they worked so close to where I lived. 
“So if you need anything, you know where to find me,” he stated as we got to our apartment doors. 
“Wait, you’re still going to continue to live across the hall from me? I thought you just had to do that while you were protecting me.” 
He tried to say something, thought against it, and smiled. 
“Well, I mean it’s a great place and I did sign a contract.” He winked. 
I laughed and went inside. I closed and locked the door. It was so nice to be home. I threw my keys on the kitchen counter and decided I desperately needed a shower. I heard a noise behind me and jumped. Harold was sitting on my couch with his legs crossed looking uncomfortable. 
“Harold? What the hell are you doing here?”  
“Well, you didn’t show up for work for the past week. Where have you been?” 
I was not in the mood for Harold after a day I had. “So you decided to break into my apartment to ask me?” I questioned. 
He gave me a puzzled look. “No, I did not break in. I got a key from the front desk.” 
“Why would they give you a key?” I asked. 
“I told them I was your boyfriend. What was I supposed to think, you showed up at my house in the middle of the night to confess your love to me.” He turned red with embarrassment. 
Gag me. I wasn’t even mad they would give my key to a complete stranger. I was pissed they actually thought my standards would be that low, including him. “Oh Geez, Harold just leave.” I was beginning to have a headache. 
“Where were you? I fired you a few days ago. I wanted to give you the opportunity to ask for your job back face to face.” 
I laughed. He fired me and then broke into my apartment. “Thank you for firing me, Harold. Now I never have to see your face again.” I walked over to my door, opened it and pointed out. He took the hint and left. I slammed the door and groaned. Now I was jobless. I really needed that job, and it paid well. There was no way I was going to beg for my job back to Harold of all people. 
I took a long hot shower and got dressed. I did my hair and makeup. I decided I gave them enough time to get my mom back home. I grabbed my keys and purse and headed for my car. I got in and inspected my baby. I missed my car.
I drove to my 7-eleven. It was late in the evening by then so I was expecting Billy to be working. Sure enough he was, and I was actually excited to see him. I got some ice cream and a paper. We were alone in the store. 
“Hey, Emily, where have you been?” 
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.” I winked. It sounded strange that I said that to him, seeing as though he was a vampire. Perhaps he would’ve believed me. I paid for my stuff and walked out. My mom still wasn’t home so I sat on her couch and read the paper while I waited. I opened my ice cream and started eating. It wasn’t long after that I heard the door open. 
“Hey, Mom I’m in here,” I yelled. 
She walked in. She didn’t say a word, just sat down beside me and grabbed my spoon and ice cream and scooped a big bite. 
After she ate she finally spoke. “Life is so complicated.” She pulled me in close. 
I sighed. “I know, Mom.” 
She reached for the paper. “Why are you reading the classifieds?” she asked as she opened the front page. 
“I got fired today.” 
She looked at me with large eyes and then shook her head. “You want to move back in with me?” she asked as she became consumed in a story. 
“Ha, no thanks, Mom, I’m sure I’ll find something,” I answered, not sure if she was kidding. 
“Can we promise something?” she asked in a serious tone and sat the paper down. 
“Sure, anything,” I answered, worried. She was acting so differently. 
“Promise me that we will never again talk about what happened these past few days,” she pleaded. 
I laughed with relief. “I would love to make that promise.”  
It was late when I got back to my place. It felt good to not worry that someone may attack and kill me as I walked to my door. I opened it and inspected my couch. Empty as I left it. I half expected to see Harold sitting there waiting. I changed into some pajamas and lay out on the couch. 
I turned on the TV but wasn’t interested in watching anything, I wanted to reflect on what had happened. I also wanted to forget, but knew that would never happen. I heard a knock at my door. I rolled my eyes. I would kill Harold if he didn’t leave me alone. At least he had the decency to knock this time. 
“Harold, seriously, dude. Take a hint,” I yelled as I unlocked the door. Surprise took over as I wasn’t greeted by Harold, instead it was Ezra. My heart about jumped out of my chest. 
“Oh, hi,” I greeted him. He looked awful, like he was beating himself up for coming. I didn’t ask him to come, it wasn’t my fault this time. 
“Can I come in?” he asked softly. 
“Of course.” I stepped aside and opened the door for him to enter. 
“Is everything ok? Did something happen to Kimmy?” I asked, suddenly nervous. 
“No, Kimmy is fine. She is almost back to her loud, irritating self,” he answered. 
I sighed, what I would do to hear her voice again. “So why are you here?” I asked. 
He sat on my couch, and I took a chair next to him. Figured it would be best for me not to be too close. 
“I wanted to apologize,” he answered. “I had no right to keep you from saving Kimmy. If it had been me in your shoes, I would have done the same thing. I can understand if you never forgive me again.” 
I didn’t know what to say to him. If I was being honest with myself, I would never be able to trust him again, but I had already forgave him. Kimmy was alive, in a sense. I had done what I wanted. No one could have stopped me from that. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to let him back into my life, but I felt so strongly for this man I didn’t want to fight my feelings. 
“Can you still read my mind?” I asked. 
He looked up. His bright blues were burning into mine. “No, you’re blank. I haven’t been able to even hear a buzz from your brain since we showed up earlier.”
I was pleased with this piece of information. Ezra was so hot. I just wanted to run my hands all over him and make up. We were so wrong together but it felt good. 
“Well, I forgive you. I can’t blame you for trying to stop me. Just promise me you will trust me a little more from now on. I’m a big girl. I can take care of myself.” I knew I was lying. I lived because I got lucky this time. But I wanted to make my own decisions. 
“Let’s hope I never have to. But yes, I will trust you.” 
“Good then we can be friends, for now that’s all I can give you.” From the look on his face this was not the answer he was hoping for. He had a defeated look. 
“Yeah, that sounds good.”
I laughed out loud. He gave me a perplexed look. 
“This is fun that you can’t read my mind. I’m going to enjoy this.” I laughed as I stood up and walked over. I sat down next to him. It got very quiet and neither of us said anything for a while. 
“I got fired today,” I told him, breaking the silence. His eyebrows lifted, he looked deep in thought for a second. I wasn’t as disappointed any longer. I was a powerful witch, I would figure something out. 
“Hmm, well I think I may know of a place that is hiring,” he answered, giving me a teasing smile. 
“What, Nelly’s Job?” I asked and gave him a warning glare. 
He laughed. “You would have to wear a slightly more revealing outfit than hers. And I have just the thing in mind. Some hot pink shorts and a white tank.”
Then he kissed me.





