




Dark Beginnings

Alley McCall


Copyright © 2018 Alley McCall
All rights reserved. 
Published by Alley McCall
Cover art by The Cover Collection
Author headshot by Amy Marquiss at TimelessPhotosbyAmy


No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing. 

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.










This book is dedicated to my papaw Clark. You are one of the best men I know. You have inspired me throughout the years with your hard work, dedication, and strength of character, and God could not have blessed me with a better person to call Papaw. I love you! 

P.S. You give the best hugs. 

CHAPTER ONE




“Please tell me you are not wearing that?” My mother’s snide voice came through the computer screen. 
Since my back was to her, I took the opportunity to roll my eyes at her dramatics. I wiggled my hips and jumped, pulling my faded blue jeans up and then buttoned them. 
“Hildy, are you even listening to me?” 
Smoothing my hands down my recently purchased Davis College shirt, I turned to face my mother again. 
“I’m listening,” I said, heaving a sigh at the same time. 
“Good. Now, why don’t you wear something else for your first day of class. College is all about experimentation, you know,” she said, her distaste for my choice of casual wear evident in her tone.    
“Helen, leave the poor girl alone,” Gran said, her face coming into view. She smiled at me. “You look beautiful as always, sugar.” 
I returned her smile with one of my own. I couldn’t help it. Her smiles were contagious. “Thanks, Gran.” 
Mom and Gran were complete opposites. 
Josephine McKay was known in our community for being neighborly and everything that comes with that title. She was kind and generous and always willing to help anyone in need. We were close in a way my mother and I weren’t. 
My mother has always been over-protective and critical of my every move. We have never been close, and that was her fault. She held everyone at arm’s length, even Gran. She wasn’t loving, or open and warm like Gran, instead she was cold and curt to everyone. 
Of course, Gran said there was a good reason for that, but neither one of them ever took the time to explain it to me. 
It was just the three of us, always had been. My dad left when I was only a baby and he never looked back. Honestly, I think that was part of why Mom was so bitter. She still harbored anger toward him and since he wasn’t around for her to cast those feelings onto, she took them out on me. 
It was because I reminded her of him. 
I was petite like Gran and had inherited my ocean blue eyes from Mom, but according to Gran the rest had come from Dad. From my heart shaped face and pert nose, to my full lips and smile, it all matched Dad’s. Even the light brown hair that hung down my back was the exact shade as his. 
I was a walking reminder of what Mom had lost. 
And she reminded me of that fact every day. 
“Don’t start, Mother. This is her chance to break away from who she is and become something, someone, else,” Mom told Gran. 
“She doesn’t need to be anyone but who she is,” Gran said, her voice going from pleasant to hostile. 
I had heard this argument before too. 
Mom’s tone deteriorated right along with Gran’s. “What is that supposed to mean?” 
“You know exactly what I mean, Helen. You may run from who you’re meant to be, but that doesn’t mean Hildy has to. I don’t know how many times I have to tell you this before it sinks in, but you can’t change who you are.” 
And there it was. 
I wasn’t just some normal girl who was arguing with her Mom over some trivial matter. Nope, I wasn’t that lucky. It went much deeper than that. Mom was hoping I would move off to college and drop the “hobby” all McKay women seemed to inherit once they hit a certain age. 
And it wasn’t a normal hobby, like knitting or pottery. It was something darker and a tad peculiar, one that wasn’t brought up in polite company. 
We could see and communicate with the dead.
My thirteen-year-old self was shocked when I stepped outside one summer day and carried on a conversation with my elderly neighbor, especially since I had attended her funeral the day before. She was looking for her cat, Fluffy, who had been carted off to a grandkid’s house. I almost fainted and was pretty much hysterical. After my major meltdown in the front yard, I ran inside to find Mom and Gran and that’s when they sat me down and told me about our family gift. It would have been nice to know about it before having the life scared out of me, but it was tradition to wait until after the gift made itself known. I didn’t appreciate it then, but I understood it now. Gran had wanted me to have a normal childhood, and Mom was hoping it never manifested at all. 
They also had differing opinions about my newfound ability. Gran told me I was special, that our gift was a good thing, a way to give back to the world and help people who couldn’t help themselves. Mom wanted me to keep it a secret. She always claimed she was worried I would become an outcast in our small Alabama town, which could have easily happened considering the only ghost most people in town believed in was the Holy Ghost. Though, looking back, she was more concerned about what people would think about her. She didn’t want to be linked to the girl who claimed she could see and talk to ghosts. 
That day they argued for a while, alternately yelling and pleading with the other to understand where they were coming from. I remember sitting on the couch, crying and knowing my life was never going to be the same. When Mom stormed out of the room, Gran had sat down beside me and held me. After a while, she pulled back and told me to embrace my gifts and reassured me that nothing was wrong with me. We talked all afternoon about our gift and her experiences over the years. We had even talked a little bit about Mom’s encounters too. 
I still didn’t know why she had turned her back on our gift. It was Mom’s story to tell and I never asked. She remained in denial even now, always scolding me and Gran when she heard us talking about our gifts. 
I did take Mom’s advice though. I kept my gift a secret. Because of this, I spent the majority of my teenage years as a loner, choosing to spend my time with my nose buried in books instead of making friends. It made things easier. 
Now I was ready for a fresh start, a chance to do things differently, maybe even make some friends. That’s why I chose to move across the Tennessee state line to attend Davis College. This was to be my season of new beginnings. 
Gran and Mom had moved me in last weekend and it was now the following Wednesday, the first day of classes.
Mom and Gran continued to bicker.
I shifted from foot to foot, wanting to interrupt because I didn’t have a lot of time before my first class and because I knew they could do this all day. 
“I’m sorry that I want Hildy to be more than what she was cursed to be.” Mom’s barb hit close to home, and I winced at Gran’s expression, a mixture of hurt and rage. 
“So, it’s a curse now? At one time you considered it a blessing.” 
“That was before,” Mom said, voice soft with something I couldn’t place. 
“It could still be that,” Gran said in an equally soft voice. 
It was as if they had forgotten I was there listening. Both were in another time and place. 
They stared at each other for a moment and then Mom shook her head and glanced back toward me. She cleared her throat. “This isn’t about me. Today is about Hildy and what she wants to accomplish with her life.” 
Gran didn’t say anything. She continued to watch Mom even though she had changed the subject.
I threw my head back and groaned. “Do I have to have my whole life planned out on my first day?” 
Mom sighed. “Not today, but it’s important that you start thinking about your options. We can sit down and make a plan, that way you can be ahead of your peers.” 
“Ahead of my peers?” I scoffed.
My tone didn’t faze her. “Yes, and that starts with how you present yourself to others.”
Here we go again. I’ve heard this lecture a million times. She would rather I trade in my blue jeans for a pencil skirt and become a lawyer or a businesswoman, rather than be a writer like I was leaning toward. 
I tilted my head back, looked to the ceiling, and prayed for patience. “Mom, I really don’t have time for this.” 
“Hildy,” she said. 
I recognized that tone. She was about to tear into me. Again.
Gran beat her to the punch. “Leave the poor girl alone, Helen. Let her settle in and enjoy herself for a little while before you start in on her. She has time to decide who she wants to be. And that’s her choice to make. It’s not mine and it’s definitely not yours.” 
Mom heaved a sigh of frustration, throwing her hands up. “Fine, I’m only trying to help her.” 
“Sure, you are,” Gran mumbled under her breath, shooting me a wink. 
I grinned at her. 
She clapped her hands together. “What time is your class, sugar?” 
I glanced down at my phone, hitting the home button. “In twenty minutes.” It was a ten-minute walk from my dorm to the History building, and I wanted to be early, so I could get a good seat in the back. They filled up quickly. 
“You best get going then,” Gran said. 
I looked back up at the screen. Gran was smiling, and her eyes had grown misty. Even Mom had a slight smile on her face. 
I nodded, beaming back at them. 
“We’re both so proud of you, Hildy. Even though one of us doesn’t show it often enough.” She looked pointedly at Mom. 
Mom heaved yet another sigh. “I hope you have a good first day, Hildy. I can’t wait to hear all about it.” 
She sounded like she meant it. 
“Thanks, Mom. I’ll talk to you both soon.” 
“I can’t wait to hear all about your classes,” Gran said, dabbing at her eyes with a tissue. 
“I love you both.” I blew them a kiss. 
Gran caught it and pressed it against her cheek. “Love you too, Hildy.” 
Mom simply nodded before disappearing from view. 
I wiggled my fingers at the screen as I leaned in to end our video call. The last thing I saw before the screen went black was Gran waving wildly. 
I bowed my head for a beat, smiling to myself. We had barely been apart a week and I already missed her. 
I lifted my head and took a deep breath. I didn’t have time to be homesick. Now was the time to be brave and bold and seize new opportunities. 
With that in mind, I whirled around and scooped up my backpack as I headed toward the door. I shrugged it on and shoved my phone in my pocket. 
I pulled open the door and stepped over the threshold. 



CHAPTER TWO




I made it to class with exactly ten minutes to spare like I had planned. I peered through the small window, my nerves kicking into high gear. I wiped my sweaty palms on my jeans, grasped the door handle and pulled it open. The room was already half-full, but luckily most of the occupied seats were located at the front of the room. A few people glanced up as I entered, and my face flushed with the attention. 
My heart was pounding.
Head down, I walked to the back of the room. I veered toward the center aisle and moved all the way to the chair that sat against the wall. 
I sat down, slinging my backpack off my shoulder and propping it against my desk. I unzipped it, digging through it for my notebook and pen that had been designated for the class. I had color coded all my notebooks, this one being hot pink with a matching pen. 
I laid it on the desk and flipped it open to the first page. I slowly wrote the class name and the date at the top, tracing back over them when I was done. 
When I had completed that task, I glanced at the time on my phone. It had only been three minutes. 
Ugh. 
Butterflies fluttered in my stomach as I sucked in a breath and glanced up to find no one watching me. I released my pent-up breath in relief. There was one fear I could lay to rest. I wasn’t being stared at like I was some pariah who didn’t belong. With that realization, the knot of tension unfurled from my stomach.   
With my nerves gone, I was able to relax and take in the room. It was a stereotypical classroom, which was a surprise. I don’t know what I imagined a college classroom would look like, but I guess I always assumed it would be different from my old high school rooms. 
Instead, I found myself sitting in the exact type of desk, looking at a chalkboard at the front of the room, even the professor’s desk was the same, projector, computer and all. The only difference was the room size. It was a bit larger than I was used to. My graduating class had been small, only thirty people. This room could easily hold sixty or more. 
I looked back down at my phone. Two minutes until class was supposed to start, and there was still no sign of the professor. 
All the seats had been filled but I didn’t dare look around. I stared straight ahead. I would die from embarrassment if I were to make awkward eye contact with anyone. 
I resisted the urge to click my pen as we waited for the professor to arrive. 
Luckily, we didn’t wait long. 
At exactly nine-thirty, the door opened, and a plump man walked in. He was of average height and had to be around fifty-five, sixty, with his thin, greying hair. 
He pushed his silver-framed glasses up the bridge of his nose, smiling at the room. “Good morning, everyone, and welcome to History 201. This class is a subset of American History, with a special focus on the local history of the surrounding area. My name is Professor Sandusky and I’m so pleased you are taking my class.” 
He paused, setting his briefcase down and surveying the room, that same broad smile still stretched across his face. After a minute, he bent his head, digging through his bag, and pulled a stack of papers out. He walked to the farthest row and counted out enough for the people sitting there and continued doing that at each row of seats. 
The person in front of me turned, handing me my own syllabus. It was two pages stapled together, the first being the expectations for the class, and the last, the schedule of assignments. 
“What you have in front of you is the class syllabus. You will need to keep up with this for the entire semester. One, because it’s important and tells you when I expect your assignments to be turned in, and secondly, because at the end of the semester I will award extra credit to anyone who turns in their original copy.” He paused again, looking at us over the rim of his glasses, then continued, “If you will notice, there aren’t any books assigned for this class. 
That may seem unusual, but I’m not going to be one of those professors who assumes I know everything and you know nothing. I want us to talk like adults, like equals in this class. My classes are more discussion based than most, more about research, sources, and truth. That means, I want you doing your own reading and researching outside of class to prepare yourself for our discussions. The same will be done for the two essays that will be due at midterm and when you come in to take your final.” 
A hand went up in front of me. 
“Hello, Mr. Hayes, I’m glad to see you taking one of my classes again. You have a question?” 
A guy four seats in front of me cleared his throat before answering softly in a deep baritone. “Is the group project something we should get started on now?” 
Group project? Those two words were something out of my worst nightmare. 
“I’m glad you brought that up. It is definitely something you all should be thinking on. In fact, I will be placing you in your groups today. I used my roll sheet to assign them, and that is also how I will be taking roll for the day. As for your projects, I want you to be thinking about the topic. It can be one of your groups choosing, but I want you guys to focus on local landmarks and individuals. It could be something you find interesting, or an event centered around a person or a place. I want you to make it your own.” 
This wasn’t good. 
Me and groups did not go well together, mainly because I was an awkward potato. 
I was about to hyperventilate and have a full-blown panic attack right here in front of everybody. That would be an excellent first impression. 
He turned and pulled another piece of paper from his bag, glancing over it briefly before looking back at us. “Like I said before, the syllabus has everything you need to know in it, but if there are any further questions you can come by my office during my scheduled office hours, which are also listed at the top of your syllabus, or you can make an appointment with me through email. Any questions?” 
I shifted uncomfortably in my chair, my stomach starting to knot up again. 
No one uttered a word as Sandusky surveyed us. I didn’t even make eye contact. 
“Right, then we can move on to our groups. To avoid any confusion, the first name I call in your group will be the staging area for the rest of the group. So, I will signal the end of a group and when I will be calling a new name. Let’s get started.” 
He began to list off names, none of them mine. I watched as people began mulling about and locating their groups. The room grew loud with the chatter around me. 
I was a nervous wreck.
I didn’t know what would be worse, me being the one to raise my hand and watch strangers make their way to me, or to have to get up and maneuver around a bunch of strangers to get to another group of strangers I didn’t know. 
It wasn’t easy being a chronic worrier. 
“And for the last group,” Professor Sandusky said. He peered down at the paper and I held my breath. “Hildy McKay.” He lifted his head, scanning the room. 
And there it was. 
I took a breath, released it and lifted my hand into the air. He saw my lifted hand and smiled my way, looking back down and checking me present. 
There was a beat of silence before he started listing the names of my group. 
“Oliver Hayes, Elizabeth Owens, Charlie James, and Cooper James, if you would make your way over to Ms. McKay.” 
I heard the scrapes of metal against the floor as my group members gathered their stuff to come to me. 
“Now that all the groups have assembled, I want you to take a few minutes to get to know each other, exchange contact information, and then class will be dismissed.” He laughed a jovial laugh. “I thought I would take it easy on you guys today.” 
I wasn’t sure if he said anything after that because my focus was drawn to a pair of intense brown eyes bearing down on me. Those eyes were mesmerizing, so brown they were almost black, yet there was a hint of caramel around the iris. His hair was perfectly mussed, the black strands lying in disarray, like he couldn’t keep his hands from running through it. An inky wisp of hair fell forward on his forehead and I fought the urge to sweep it away as he drew near. My eyes traveled down, taking in his black t-shirt with a band logo I had never heard of splayed across the front. Long legs were incased in faded denim that fit him just right, and scuffed boots adorned his feet. 
My heart was pounding now for a different reason. He was the most handsome man I had ever seen, and of course he was in my group. I was sure to make a fool of myself. 
I glanced back up at his face, my eyes landing on matching dimples that highlighted his crooked grin. I swallowed, and my back went ramrod straight. My eyes flitted up to meet his. They were alight with amusement. I swiftly looked down at my desk, trying to gather myself. 
The heat of humiliation traveled over my skin. 
He knew I had been ogling him. 
Two pairs of well-worn boots came to a stop in front of my desk. I mustered the courage to look up and meet their eyes. 
One pair dark and the other silver, both crinkled at the corners. They shared the same crooked grin and matching dimples. It was a little overwhelming having that much dimple aimed my way at once. 
“Hey,” the dark-eyed one said on a low rumble that reverberated to my very bones. 
If he wasn’t already the most handsome man I had ever seen, his voice alone would make him so. 
I stared at him wide-eyed and he stared back, brow quirked and laughter twinkling in his eyes. 
Oh my goodness, I should probably respond, but my mouth refused to form words as my brain scrambled to remember what my name was. I probably wasn’t making a very good first impression, but I couldn’t help it. This is who I was. Hildy McKay, awkward extraordinaire at its finest.
The heat in my cheeks went molten as I finally shook myself out of whatever spell had been woven over me. “Hey,” I said, giving a little wave and automatically questioning why I did that.
His eyes warmed as he stuck out his hand toward me. “I’m Charlie.” 
He had only spoken three words to me and I already felt as though I could melt into a puddle of goo. I really needed to shake myself out of this hot guy fog. This had never happened to me before, mainly because most of the male species ignored me.
I gave myself a mental shake. I could do this, exchange social pleasantries with people my own age, even if they happened to be male, and beautiful. 
But somehow this seemed more than that. 
I glanced at his hand and then back up to his midnight eyes. I resisted the urge to wipe my palms on my jeans and instead, listened to my pounding heart and reached forward, grasping his hand. It engulfed mine, but instead of being one of those overpowering male handshakes, his grip was gentle. 
“Hildy,” I murmured my name.
His crooked grin transformed into a full-blown, take my breath away, smile. “Hildy,” he repeated. “It’s very nice to meet you.” 
I ducked my head, smiling. 
“I hate to interrupt whatever this is you two have going on, but I’m hungry. That means the sooner we all meet, the sooner class will be over, which means food.” 
I gazed over Charlie’s shoulder at the silver-eyed one who appeared close to laughing. 
“I’m Cooper,” he said. “I would offer to shake your hand if it wasn’t otherwise occupied.”
I followed his gaze and saw that Charlie and I were still shaking hands, but we weren’t even doing that, at some point we had stopped shaking and had started holding. 
I jerked my hand back in embarrassment, looking down to avoid Charlie’s eyes. 
Cooper nudged Charlie’s shoulder. “You do have game, brother. I’ve taught you well.” 
Charlie threw an elbow back into Cooper’s gut and he grunted with laughter. 
“Brothers?” I asked, looking back up.  
Cooper slung an arm around Charlie. “Yep, we’ve been joined at the hip since birth. Of course, I’m the pretty one.” 
Charlie rolled his eyes. “Ignore him. He’s just bitter because I came out of the womb first.” 
Not just brothers, twins.
Cooper snorted. “By two whole minutes. Don’t even get me started on this one’s power trip he’s been on since we could talk. Always lording over me that I’m his little brother, despite the fact we share a birthday and I’m a couple inches taller.” 
“One inch,” Charlie mumbled, slinging Cooper’s arm off him. “You’re one inch taller than me.” 
“Still counts,” Cooper crowed, grinning good-naturedly at him.
I found myself smiling at their antics. “You’re twins, but you don’t look anything alike.” 
“Fraternal,” Charlie answered on a grin. 
And it was true they looked absolutely nothing alike. They were like daylight and dark. Charlie and his midnight features, and Cooper with his sandy blond hair and silver eyes, not to mention the barely noticeable height difference. Charlie also seemed the quieter of the two, calm and observant, while Cooper was more outgoing and quick to laugh. 
 Cooper’s hair didn’t have an ounce of curl to it, but it was thick and sleek. It was shorter on the sides and left longer on the top and was styled perfectly, not one hair was out of place. He wore similar clothes as his brother, wine colored t-shirt with an unknown logo across the front, jeans, and boots that had been worn out a while ago. 
He was handsome like his brother, and he was right, most people would probably call him a pretty boy. He definitely looked the part, but he was no match for Charlie’s rugged good looks, at least where I was concerned.  
Their only similarities were the matching crooked grins and the dimples that framed their full mouths, though they did have similar builds. They were both tall and athletic looking. I would guess they were six feet, maybe a little taller and both were rather muscly. Cooper was leaner than Charlie and had more of a swimmer’s body, while Charlie appeared a little stockier around the shoulders and chest. 
I wonder what sports they played in school?
“Wrestling,” Charlie said. 
I startled out of my thoughts and stared at him in confusion. “What?” 
“You asked what sports we played in high school, mine was wrestling.” 
Oh. My. Goodness. I had voiced my thoughts out loud. Kill me now. 
My face was flaming once again. 
“Cool,” I said in answer to him and also as a verbal reminder to myself to play it that way. I had a feeling I was failing in that endeavor. 
“I was on the swim team,” Cooper said. “But something tells me you weren’t really asking me.” He smirked at me, a teasing glint in his eyes. 
Seriously, kill me now. I needed put out of my misery. 
Charlie flashed a dimple at me and I was very tempted to run out of the room screaming. 
Before I could word vomit anything else embarrassing, I was saved in the form of a redhead that came bounding up to us.
“Hi, I’m Elizabeth Owens, but you guys can call me Lizzy.” She smiled up at the guys, and down at me considering she had to be at least five foot nine on a good day, and she was wearing wedges that were the exact same color as the peach romper she was wearing. I’m pretty sure she had also matched that shade to her lips and eyes, which did wonders for them. It made the emerald green appear even brighter and accented the gold around the iris. 
Maybe she could give me some style tips. I made a mental note to ask her later, say once she actually knew my name.  
We went through the introductions and she shook the guys hands but wrapped me in a quick hug.
“You’re so tiny,” she said, pulling back from me. 
“You really are,” Cooper agreed on a grin. “You can’t be five feet tall, or not much over it anyway.”
I shook my head. “I’m five foot two, and I’m not that tiny.” 
Cooper grinned at me. “You totally are. I think I could stick you in my pocket, kiddo.” 
“Kiddo?” 
He nodded. “Yep, you know, because you’re so tiny. Tell her how tiny she is Charlie.” 
I didn’t know exactly when this group meet up had taken such a strange turn, but I didn’t mind it. I had never had this, an instant connection with a group of people where even the small talk felt meaningful. 
I glanced at Charlie who was staring at me with slightly narrowed eyes, like he was trying to see how this banter was affecting me. When he was assured that I was okay with his brother’s teasing, he smiled at me. “You are tiny, but I think it’s cute.” He leaned in as if he was going to tell me a secret. “You’ll learn to tune Cooper out eventually, I barely know he’s in the room anymore.” 
Cooper protested his brother’s claim, and Charlie winked at me. 
“Maybe you can teach me how,” I said.  
And there it was. I was flirting, actually flirting with Charlie. I had to fight against turning beet red at my newfound boldness. 
The corner of his mouth quirked up and his eyes lit with something I couldn’t quite read. “Maybe I will.” 
I bit my lip and looked down, my bravery vanishing. 
Lizzy clapped her hands. “I don’t know what’s going on here, but I totally love it. And he’s right, you’re totally cute. Sometimes I wish I wasn’t such a behemoth.” 
“Tell me about it,” Cooper said, sighing dramatically. 
We all looked at him and then burst out laughing. 
“I wonder where the last member of our group is?” Lizzy asked as our laughter faded. She craned her neck, searching for him even though she had no clue what he looked like. 
“Here,” he answered, coming up the aisle next to us. 
I looked around Charlie’s bulky frame to get a better look at him. 
He was tall and lanky, with curly brown hair that was a tad too long, but he wore it well. He pushed wide-framed glasses up the bridge of his nose and smiled shyly at us, the darker frames of his glasses making his hazel eyes pop. 
The newcomer and Lizzy both had the same flawless fashion sense, unlike the James boys and myself who kept it casual. 
He wore a pale blue button-down shirt tucked into a pair of khaki pants, and his dark brown dress shoes were shined to perfection. His sleeves were rolled up his forearms, showing off the shiny silver watch he wore on his wrist. 
“Hey, sorry I’m a little late getting over here. I stopped to talk to the professor for a minute. I’m Oliver Hayes.” 
He held his hand out for all of us to shake, and we did, once again making another round of introductions. 
After that, a semi-awkward silence fell over us. 
Professor Sandusky broke it. “When you have all met one another and exchanged contact information, you are free to go. I look forward to hearing more about your projects as the semester continues. It’s going to be a great semester. Hope you all have a great day.” 
We had yet to exchange phone numbers, and I was about to pull out my phone and get that part started when Cooper derailed my plan. 
“How do you guys feel about pancakes?” 
“In general?” Lizzy asked. 
Cooper’s eyes twinkled. “Sassy, I like it.” 
Lizzy rolled her eyes. 
“I think what my brother means to say is, would you guys want to grab breakfast? We can get to know each other a little better and we know the perfect place. Nelly’s diner serves the best pancakes I’ve ever eaten. We stumbled upon it by accident last week.” 
“Sounds good,” I said before I even knew I was speaking. 
Charlie smiled at me. “Good.” 
“I’m in,” Lizzy said. 
Oliver nodded. “Me too.” 
Cooper rubbed his hands together. “Great, let’s go. I’m starving.” 
“You’re always starving,” Charlie mumbled. 
Cooper gave his brother the middle finger and turned, hightailing it up the aisle, Lizzy and Oliver following behind him. 
I bent down to grab my backpack, quickly tucking in my notebook and zipping it in a hurry. I didn’t think they would wait on me, not if Cooper was the one leading the way. He seemed like a man on a mission. 
I slung my backpack over my shoulders, looping my arms through the straps and whirled around prepared to sprint after my group. 
I jolted, almost ramming into Charlie. 
He stood in the exact same spot as before, waiting for me. I refrained from doing a little jig of excitement, but barely. 
I gave him a little smile of thanks. 
His lips tipped up at the corner, giving me a flash of dimple. “Ready?” 
I nodded. 
He swept his arm out for me to precede him. 
I held his eyes for a beat, still in disbelief this was real life, before hefting my bag further up my shoulder and walking by him. 
I had to turn sideways because of my hulking backpack and I avoided eye contact with him as I slipped by and headed up the aisle. 
I heard his chuckle and then the soft pad of his boots on the floor. 
And we hurried to catch up with the others.   

 


CHAPTER THREE




I was worried that pancakes would be awkward, but I was wrong. We fell into a rhythm of ease with each other, mostly led by Cooper and Lizzy’s banter. 
The small diner was packed, but we were seated relatively fast. I followed behind our waitress, and slid into the booth, Charlie scooting in beside me. Cooper sat next to his brother, and considering their size, it was a pretty tight squeeze. One side of me was in close quarters with the wall, while the other half of my body was pressed intimately close to Charlie’s side. His leg brushed up against mine and he kept it there. I fought the blush that was trying to find a permanent home on my face. I could feel his eyes on me, but I didn’t know what I was supposed to say or do, so I faced forward, waiting, no praying, for our waitress to stop by our table. 
Charlie chuckled beside me, but I ignored it. 
Thankfully, our waitress arrived at that moment, but unfortunately, she made an appearance to tell us they were backed up in the kitchen, so there would be a twenty-minute wait. She brought us complimentary waters to make up for the inconvenience and disappeared again. 
The good thing was we now had time to get to know each other. 
I learned that Charlie and Cooper were from Texas, a small suburb of Dallas to be exact. They were the youngest of five and had crushed their parents dream of having all their children graduate from their alma mater in Texas. Despite their slight disagreement on colleges, they were close with their family. They had both received a scholarship for their respective sports and both expected a large, crazy cheering section once their seasons started. 
Lizzy lived with her grandma in New Orleans. Her parents had died in a car accident when she was only a baby, so she never had the chance to know them, but her grandma kept their memory alive for her. She had wanted to come somewhere quiet, the complete opposite of the noisy place she grew up. When Davis had sent her a brochure in the mail, she knew this was where she was supposed to be. 
Oliver had a similar story. He grew up in Los Angeles, California and basically lived on whichever college campus his parents were lecturing at for the semester. They were professors of History and spent their time traveling all over as guest lecturers. Instead of going to a prestigious institution of his parents choosing, he had chosen Davis. 
I told them all about Gran and Mom, my little town, and wanting to come here because it reminded me of home. Of course, I left out a few details of my family history.
We all came from such diverse backgrounds, but we did have one thing in common. We were all freshmen who had no idea what their major was going to be. 
Midway through our get to know each other session, our waitress had arrived to take our drink and food orders, and right when we were finishing up, our food arrived. 
I immediately dug into my chocolate chip pancakes, momentarily forgetting about everyone else at the table. I closed my eyes at that first taste of syrupy goodness and made an appreciative noise in the back of my throat. 
Charlie’s knee nudged mine. 
I glanced over at him, mouth full of pancake. 
“Told you these were good pancakes.”
I gave him a wide, close-mouthed smile as I continued to savor that first bite of pure decadence. He was right. They were the best pancakes I had ever eaten. 
We ate in companionable silence; too busy shoveling food into our bellies to talk. 
Cooper was the last one done, mainly because he had graciously offered to take Lizzy’s scrambled eggs when she had deemed herself too full to consume another bite. 
He shoveled a spoonful in his mouth and then pointed the spoon at us. “I have an idea.” 
“Dude, swallow your food first,” Charlie said, shaking his head at Cooper’s lack of manners. 
He rolled his eyes and made a show of swallowing the mouthful of eggs. “I have an idea,” he repeated. 
Charlie sighed. “What?” 
“I totally know where we can go for our research project. We can film it, research it, and then be done with it.” He spooned in another bite of eggs. 
“Are you going to tell us? Or are we supposed to guess?” Lizzy asked, arching a well-groomed brow at him. 
He noticeably swallowed once more. “Let’s go to the old Bryce Hospital that’s just off campus. It’s a historic landmark, it’s local, and the best part is, it’s supposedly haunted.” 
The blood drained from my face. 
“Haunted?” Lizzy scoffed. 
“That’s not probable because ghosts do not exist,” Oliver said. 
Boy was he wrong. 
Cooper snorted, shoveling in more eggs. “Look, even if it isn’t haunted, it would still be a pretty cool place to check out. But if I’m right and it is haunted, that would make it even cooler.” 
Lizzy scrunched her nose at him. “Can you please swallow that before talking?” 
His answer was to open his mouth, showing off his chewed-up food. 
“Neanderthal,” she hissed, crossing her arms over her chest and glancing away. 
Cooper grinned, clearly enjoying himself. 
Charlie sighed next to me, lifted a hand, and smacked the back of Cooper’s head. 
“Ow! What was that for?” He asked, rubbing the back of his head, lips pouted like the slap actually hurt. 
“That was for being an idiot,” Charlie answered him. 
Cooper grinned and shrugged. 
“All right, this knucklehead may not have any manners, but he does have a good idea,” Charlie said, gesturing to Cooper.
Cooper gave an exaggerated bow. “Thank you.” 
“Wrestling starts soon for me so if we want to do this it would have to be this weekend. If that’s okay with you guys. I know Cooper has to start training soon too.” 
Oliver cleared his throat. “That actually works for me too. I’m running for office in a couple of clubs I’ve joined. I have to start working on my campaigns next week.” 
“Same for me,” Lizzy said. “I’m volunteering at the animal shelter on the weekends and I have a full class schedule during the week.” 
They all turned to me, looking hopeful and excited. 
This was my chance to somehow persuade them to go a different route with our project, but somehow, I found myself nodding. “Sounds good to me.” 
Yep, those words actually came out of my mouth. 
My first encounter with peer pressure and I crumbled like a piece of paper. 
Cooper beamed at me, and then transferred his beam around the table. “Guys, this is the highlight of my life. We might actually see some spooky shit.” 
“It’s not that exciting,” I mumbled, glancing down. 
“What?” Charlie asked, glancing over at me. 
I jerked my head up and found everyone’s eyes on me. “I said this is exciting,” I blurted out.
Smooth Hildy.
Real smooth.  
Charlie’s lips tipped up in a smile. “Are you scared?” 
My eyes widened. “Of course not!” 
“It’s okay if you are.” He leaned closer to me. “You don’t have to worry about being scared because we’ll all be together.” He inched closer. “And I’ll protect you.” 
I couldn’t have held in the unladylike snort if I wanted to. 
Charlie’s eyebrows flew up and his eyes widened. 
I pointed between the two of us. “How are you going to protect me from something you can’t see?” I was a horrible person, but I couldn’t resist asking. 
This time his eyebrows lowered ominously. “You don’t think I could protect you? That sounds like a challenge, Hildy.” 
“I’m pretty good at protecting myself,” I told him, and then tilted my head narrowing my eyes at him. “Who knows, you might need my protection.” 
He threw his head back and laughed. 
“Are you laughing at me?” I demanded to know. 
He lowered his head, pinning his eyes on me. His laughter faded, but that charming smile of his remained. “I would never laugh at you.” 
“You literally just did,” I huffed. 
“That wasn’t me laughing at you.” 
“Then what was it?” I fired back. 
“Woman, if you would let me finish speaking you might find out.” 
I snapped my mouth closed and stared at him. 
He watched me for a beat, his eyes roving my face. “I was laughing because I just realized how much I’m going to enjoy this.” 
I crinkled my nose in confusion. “Enjoy what?” 
His eyes warmed. “Getting to know you.” 
This time my mouth snapped shut of its own accord. I stared at him in a mixture of shock and awe. Okay, so it was safe to say he was definitely flirting with me and I had no idea how to handle it. If I wasn’t sitting down, I think I would have fell down. My knees were practically knocking together under the table. 
I wracked my brain, trying to think of something to say back to him, but my mind was blank. 
His grin spread wider across his face. He really was enjoying himself. 
Thankfully, Cooper saved me from having to answer his brother. 
“What time do you guys want to meet Friday? It will have to be sometime after dark because security checks the grounds during the day.” 
Wait, we were going at night? That was a game changer. 
“I didn’t know we were going to have to go at night,” Lizzy said, taking the words right out of my mouth. 
Cooper raised his eyebrows at her. “Well, yeah. Ghosts don’t come out during the day.” 
That was a myth.
“Is this a history project or a paranormal investigation?” She asked, arching a brow at him. 
He shrugged. “Why can’t it be both?” 
“You do know the doors automatically lock at ten?” Oliver asked. 
Lizzy whipped her head to him. She stared at him a beat and then turned back to Cooper, aiming frosty eyes at him. “You conveniently left that part out. There is no way I’m being locked inside an abandoned asylum all night long. No way.” 
Cooper rolled his eyes at her dramatics. “It wasn’t an asylum, it was a women and children’s hospital. We won’t be stuck there either. The doors unlock at seven, and if we need to leave before then, I’m sure we can find a window to jump out of.”
“Like that makes it better,” she said, turning her eyes to me. “What do you think, Hildy?” 
Everyone looked at me. 
I shrugged. “I don’t really have an opinion.” I totally did, but if I made my fears known, that would lead to questions I was not comfortable answering. 
I could feel Charlie’s eyes glued to my face, but I kept mine firmly glued to Lizzy. 
“Everyone has an opinion,” she said, eyes pleading with me to take her side. 
Before I could take any sides, Cooper once again beat me to it. 
“I say we take it to a vote.” 
The tension melted away. This was going to be a democracy after all. 
 I leaned forward and glanced down the table at Cooper. He was looking smug, but I think mainly he was doing it to make Lizzy mad. He seemed to like verbal sparring. 
“I think that’s fair,” Charlie said. “We will do whatever the majority wants to do.” 
Oliver nodded his head, and so did Lizzy, although reluctantly. 
He glanced at me and I bit my lip, suddenly nervous. I gave him a slight nod and he turned to his brother. “Why don’t you start.” 
“Yes,” he said immediately. 
“No way,” Lizzy countered. 
Charlie sighed next to me. “I guess I’ll vote yes.” He nodded toward Cooper. “He wouldn’t let me hear the end of it if I crushed his dreams of playing ghost hunter.” 
I would have laughed, but a lump had taken up residence in my throat. I had a feeling if I laughed right now, it would come out sounding something like a hyena, thus ending my burgeoning friendships.  
“I’m sorry, but I’m going to vote no.” Oliver held up his hands against Cooper’s glare. “I don’t want to get in trouble, man. Breaking and entering won’t look good on my resume`.” 
Oh. My. Gosh. This could not be happening. I was the deciding vote. 
Charlie threw an elbow into Cooper’s side. “It’s okay, Oliver. You’re allowed to vote no. That’s how a democracy works. Isn’t that right, Coop?” 
“Yes,” he grumbled, rubbing his side where Charlie’s elbow had connected. 
Charlie turned to me and I could feel the weight of everyone’s stares. I counted to three in my head before glancing up to meet his eyes. 
He gave me a small smile. “It’s up to you, Hildy.” 
I resisted the urge to hyperventilate and instead wiped my sweaty palms on my jeans. 
Charlie glanced around the table. “Whatever Hildy votes, are we all going to be good with it? No hard feelings either way.” 
Everyone nodded, even Cooper. 
All eyes turned back to me. 
I had no idea what I was going to choose. If I said yes, I was risking exposing my gift. If I said no, it felt like I was risking something much more important.  
It was time to step out of my comfort zone. I had to stop hiding behind the version of myself who was too scared to trust anyone. This could be the beginning of something wonderful, but I wouldn’t find out if I held on to the fear that was coursing through my veins.
I took a deep breath and then met Charlie’s eyes while unleashing that pent-up breath. With it went my fear and doubt, and with the ounce of courage that had sprouted inside of me, I went with my gut. “Yes.” 
I vaguely heard Cooper’s whoop of excitement, but I was concentrating on the wide smile that had spread across Charlie’s face. His eyes twinkled and for a second, he stared at me like he was proud of me, almost as if he had sensed my hesitation and knew what I had given up by saying yes. 
He winked at me and I smiled briefly before glancing over at Lizzy and Oliver. I was a little scared they would be mad at me, but they only looked resigned to their fates. 
I met Lizzy’s eyes. “I’m sorry. It might be fun.” I didn’t sound convincing even to my own ears. 
She heaved a sigh before smiling. “It could be. At least I won’t be the only girl.” She pointed around the table. “And if I ask one of you to hold my hand because I’m scared, I don’t want to hear one complaint or negative comment. Are we clear?” 
“Crystal,” Cooper said on a laugh. 
“You okay, man?” Charlie asked Oliver, who looked rather green. 
“I’m seeing my future disappear before my very eyes.” 
“Yikes. I thought the redhead was dramatic.” Cooper pointed between the two. “You guys would be perfect for each other. Y’all can hold hands and be scared together.” 
“Knock it off, Cooper,” Charlie said. “Not everyone likes the same things.” 
Cooper leaned past his brother and waggled his eyebrows at me. “I’ll hold your hand if you get scared, Hildy.” 
Charlie whipped his head to his brother, turned his torso and punched him in the arm before I could even speak. 
Hello testosterone. 
Cooper yelped, holding his injured shoulder. “I was just joking,” he whined. 
“I didn’t think it was funny,” Charlie said, his tone not giving anything away. 
I turned wide-eyes to Lizzy, who was trying her best not to laugh. Her hand was pressed over her mouth and she gave me big eyes. 
Oliver actually chuckled. He must have a death wish. 
I turned back to the James boys. “You guys don’t have to worry. I’m a big girl. I know how to handle myself.” 
“What if we run into a ghost? What are you going to do then, try to talk to it?” Cooper asked, his smile firmly back in place. 
Probably. 
“Cooper?” Charlie called his brother’s name. 
He shifted his gaze to him. “Hmm?” 
“Shut up.” 
“Don’t expect me to hold your hand if you get scared,” Cooper huffed. 
Thwack. 
“Stop doing that!” Cooper held his abused arm. 
I couldn’t help it, I started giggling and everyone else joined in, even a sullen Cooper. 
Yeah, this could be the start of something wonderful.  

 


CHAPTER FOUR




I scrambled to unlock my door. My phone was ringing in my pocket and my arms were loaded down with books and food. I finally heard the click of my door unlocking and I rushed inside. I sat my food on my desk and dumped my books and backpack on the bed. 
I fished my phone out of my pocket and flopped backwards on my bed. “Hello?” My voice came out breathy. I was really out of shape and the stairs in my dorm did not like me. It was embarrassing. 
“Hey, sugar. How was your first day?” 
It was Gran. 
“Good, but I’m exhausted.” 
She laughed, and I closed my eyes, smiling to myself as I listened to the sound of it. Her laughter was comforting, and the stress of the day faded away. 
“You do sound out of breath. What have you been doing?” 
“Walking up stairs,” I grumbled. 
She laughed again. “Stairs can be tricky buggers.” 
“Tell me about it,” I mumbled more to myself than her. “Where’s Mom?” I halfway expected her to call throughout the day wanting a report on how it was going. 
Gran sighed. “You know your mother, always working late.” 
Of course, she was. 
A loaded silence followed. 
“I’m sorry, Hildy. You know in her own way she really loves you, even if the way she shows it is a little misguided sometimes.” 
I doubted that. Tears gathered in my eyes and I angrily swept them away. When I spoke, my voice was thick with them, and I hated that even more. “She’s good at that, putting work before family.” 
“Child,” Gran whispered. 
I hated that most of all. The regret and sadness in her voice, like it was her fault that Mom was a callous bitch most days. 
“Something happened today,” I said, abruptly changing the subject. 
Gran was silent for a moment and I was worried she wasn’t going to let me change the subject, but she did. “What happened today?” 
“In my history class this morning we were put into groups for a semester long project. We went to breakfast afterwards and I think there’s a chance we could be friends outside of class.” 
“That’s wonderful, Hildy! I’m so happy you’re making friends and not completely alone so far from home.” 
“That’s not the scary part.” 
“Okay,” Gran said slowly. “What’s the scary part?” 
“Our project is about local history and well, we took a vote and we are going Friday night to an abandoned hospital on campus.” I paused and then rushed out. “It’s supposedly haunted.” 
“Well, I suppose you’ll find out, won’t you?” She said in a voice tinged with humor. 
That was not the reaction I thought I would be getting. “I guess I will.” 
“Hildy, it’s okay to put yourself out there.” 
I closed my eyes and shook my head. “What do I do if I see a ghost? What if they try and talk to me while everyone else is around?” 
“Then you be yourself. There is no need for you to be ashamed of who you are.” 
“I’m scared, Gran. You know what they will do, run away without looking back and then I’ll be back to square one with no friends.” 
“If you see in them what you’re telling me, they won’t run away.” 
This time I was silent for a moment. 
“People always run away, Gran,” I whispered. 
In a shaky voice she answered, “Not always. Sometimes we have to wait for the right ones to come around to make us see the world differently, to see ourselves that way too.” 
The tears I had been trying to hold back leaked out from my closed eyelids, trailing slowly down my cheeks. I didn’t wipe them away. 
I sniffled. “I want them to be those people, Gran. We had this instant connection and it was easy, being with them. It wasn’t awkward, and I didn’t make a fool of myself for once. I just want that to last.” 
“It’s a tough decision, Hildy, but I know you’ll make the right one. In order to trust other people, we have to trust ourselves first.” 
“Yeah,” I said on a sigh. 
“So,” Gran drawled out. “Are there any handsome young men in this group of yours?” 
I turned my head, giggling into my pillow. “Maybe.” 
“I want to know all about them,” was her reply. 
I told her everything, and she immediately latched onto Charlie. She mulled over every single word we had exchanged and what it could mean. We laughed and gossiped for an hour before she had to get off the phone to go to her weekly bingo night. She never missed bingo night, and wouldn’t any time soon, no matter how juicy the gossip was. 
When I hung up, I reached for the bag of food I had gotten from the student center. I pulled out my hamburger and took a big bite. 
It was cold, but I didn’t mind. 
I stared across the room, lost in thought as I chewed. 
A weight had lifted from me after talking to Gran, and for the first time in a while, it felt as though everything was falling into place.  

 



CHAPTER FIVE




My Thursday classes flew by, and soon I was coasting through Friday. 
I only had a morning class today, so that left my afternoon open to worry about tonight. 
Cooper had started a group text last night and we planned. We had made a list of things we would need for the night since we would essentially be spending the night in a cold, abandoned building. Charlie and Cooper were in charge of bringing flashlights and extra batteries, Lizzy was in charge of first aid supplies, Oliver was bringing his professional grade camera to catch any and all supernatural activity, per Cooper, and I was in charge of snacks. 
We were supposed to meet at the student center at eight tonight and we were going to hoof it from there. That gave us thirty minutes before security made their last sweep of the grounds before they closed the place down. I hadn’t known this, but apparently you could request entrance to the building and go on guided tours with a security officer present. There had been a slight uprising against Cooper when Oliver brought it up last night, but he had convinced us we wouldn’t see anything cool in the daytime if we did that, and he eventually wore us down.  
So, the plan was still a go and I was currently torn between freaking out about tonight and deciding what I was going to do for lunch. 
My phone beeped. I glanced down at the screen and almost stumbled when I realized who had sent the message. 
Charlie. 
Hey. What are you doing right now?
Shakily I typed back. Just got out of class. You?
Seconds later I got his reply. Waiting for my lunch date. 
I bit my lip, fighting back the disappointment that swept through me. Of course, he already had a date. Cool. Yeah, that was original but what was I supposed to say? 
Yeah, it is. She’s the prettiest girl I’ve ever seen. 
Seriously, he was killing me here. I’m happy for you. She sounds wonderful. 
She really didn’t. 
I think so. I haven’t known her very long, but she’s different. I can’t explain it, but I just felt this instant connection to her. You know what I mean?
Not at all. Yeah, that’s great. Chemistry is important. 
Chemistry is important? 
I think so too. 
I had no idea what to say next. I dropped my head, realizing how insanely jealous I was right now. My phone dinged again, and I reluctantly looked down at the screen. 
I see her now. 
I heaved a sigh. Great. It really wasn’t. 
I shuffled forward, mentally cursing whoever this girl was that caught Charlie’s eye. I looked down at the ground and started counting the cracks on the sidewalk, anything to take my mind off Charlie’s lunch date. 
A pair of brown boots entered my vision and I froze. My eyes traveled up denim-covered legs, over a maroon Davis wrestling shirt, next came a scruffy chiseled jaw, and then I was staring into dark chocolate eyes. 
My mouth dropped opened as I stood toe to toe with Charlie. 
“Hey,” he said in that husky baritone of his, which made me incapable of speech. 
I swallowed. “Um, hi.” 
The corners of his lips quirked up and it appeared that he was trying to fight back laughter. “Where do you want to go for lunch?” 
My brain was not computing. “Lunch? What about your date?” 
His lip quirk evolved to a smile, dimples included. “I’m looking at her.” 
I stared at him and then glanced around to make sure there wasn’t some insanely attractive person standing around laughing, and then shifted my eyes back to him. I wrinkled my nose in confusion. “What?” 
“I’m taking you to lunch.” He reached forward, sliding the strap of my backpack from one shoulder, causing it to hang loose from the other arm. He grabbed hold of it, took it from me, and transferred it to his shoulder. 
“How is this happening right now?” I asked, not even caring how my question sounded. 
“I had a meeting with my advisor in Moody Hall.” He gestured to the building right next to Ferguson, which was where I just came from my English class. “I saw an opportunity and I took it.” 
He gave me a flash of dimple and I couldn’t help the smile that crossed my face. 
He leaned in a bit closer. “So, does that mean you’ll have lunch with me?” 
I could feel the heat in my cheeks, but I pressed on anyway. “Yeah, it does.” 
“Good,” he said, his eyes roaming my face. He lifted a hand and caught a wayward strand of hair that cascaded over my shoulder. He brushed it back over my shoulder and shifted his eyes back to me. “I like your hair like this.” 
I had worn it long and straight and had used a leave in conditioner that was supposed to make it sleek and shiny all day. I made a mental note to stock up on that brand of conditioner. There was also no way I was going to admit to wearing it this way because I knew I would be seeing him, even if we did run into each other sooner than I thought we would. 
“Thanks,” I said, ducking my head in embarrassment. 
“Where do you want to go for lunch? We can go anywhere you want.” 
“I’ve been wanting to try the pizza shop by the quad.” 
He grasped my elbow and turned me toward the quad. “Then let’s go get pizza.” 
The walk across the quad lasted all of three minutes and we made it in silence. 
Charlie pulled the door open for me and smiled as I walked in ahead of him. I could feel him close at my back, but I focused on the hostess who was already smiling at us. I refused to entertain the notion this was anything more than two friends grabbing lunch. 
"Just two?" The hostess asked. 
"Yes, ma'am," Charlie said politely. 
Seriously, he had this gentleman thing down pat. 
She led us to a booth at the back of the small restaurant. It was private and secluded and went against everything I was trying to tell myself this wasn't. 
She placed the menus down on the table and stepped back, gesturing for us to take our seats. "Your server will be with you shortly." Another polite smile and a nod, and she was on her way back to her post. 
I slid in my side of the booth and stared up at Charlie expectantly. That grin of his was plastered on his face, but he didn’t move to the other side. He gently nudged me closer to the wall and slid in next to me. 
Not across from me like a normal human, right beside me. 
I pointed to what was supposed to be his side of the table. "Um, what are you doing?" 
His thigh pressed against mine and I attempted to scoot away, but I was pinned between the wall and his imposing presence. 
I closed my eyes, willing myself to gain the power of teleportation so I could be anywhere but where I was right now. 
"Do I make you nervous, Hildy?" He propped an elbow on the table and leaned toward me. 
I swallowed past the lump in my throat. The way he said my name in that sexy drawl of his. Ugh. “Of course not,” I said a little too quickly. 
He laughed, but before he could reply our waitress showed up. 
"Hello, my name is Linda and I’ll be your server today. How are ya'll doing?" 
Saved by Linda. I glanced up at the ceiling, this time thanking God for his divine intervention. 
I glanced at the petite woman standing beside our table. She smiled kindly at me when our eyes met, and I found myself smiling back at her. Charlie's eyes were still on me, but I refused to turn my head and look at him. 
"Can I start you two off with some sweet tea or a cola?" 
"Sweet tea," we said at the same time. 
She smiled, writing it down on her pad. "I'll be back with your drinks and to take your order in a few minutes." 
"Thanks," Charlie answered. He watched Linda walk away for a moment and then shifted his attention back to me. "At least we know we have one thing in common." 
"What's that?" I asked, shifting my eyes up to meet his. 
"We both like sweet tea." He grinned a toothy grin at me. 
I shrugged, though I did it smiling. "It would be unsouthern if we didn't."
He nodded. "True. Should we see if we have more things in common?" His dimples made an appearance. "That means you actually have to talk to me." 
The butterflies in my stomach were in an uproar as I debated what to say. "Pizza," I blurted out. 
Charlie tilted his head to the side and his eyes warmed. 
Did he think this was going well? Or was he considering bolting from the table? 
"We could start with pizza," he said. "What's your poison?" He reached out, scooting a menu closer to me. 
"Pepperoni with extra cheese." 
His eyes twinkled as he leaned even closer to me. "Now I know it’s fate. That's my favorite too." 
I shook my head at him. "We both love sweet tea and pepperoni pizza, that's not that uncommon in the bible belt." 
His eyes narrowed slightly. "Are you deliberately trying to sabotage our lunch date?" 
"This is a date?" I countered with a question. 
"I would like to think so." 
"Why? We just met and I’m nothing special." 
His eyebrows shot up and he stared at me in amazement. "I disagree on the last, and as for the first…" he hesitated, his eyes roving my face as if he didn't want to reveal too much too soon. He shrugged. "Sometimes you just know." 
Okay. That was a good line. 
A glass thudded on the table and I jumped. "Here's your sweet teas." 
Once again, saved by Linda. 
"Are you ready to order?" 
Though his eyes were now serious, the corner of his mouth tilted up. "Large pepperoni with extra cheese." He held my eyes for a beat before shifting his attention to Linda.
"Good choice," she said, scribbling on her notepad. "I'll have this right out for you." 
She left to put in our order and silence settled over our little booth. 
I scrambled to fill the void because him not speaking was making me more nervous. 
"Are you ready for tonight?" I asked. 
He grabbed a straw and stuck it in his drink, taking a healthy swig of the sugary drink before answering. “I guess I am.” 
I took a sip of my own drink. “You don’t sound too excited about it. You’re not a haunted house buff like your brother?” 
He laughed and shook his head. “I’m not a die-hard fan like he is, but I do enjoy an occasional scare or two. It’s just that Cooper has drug me to so many supposedly haunted places over the years, they’ve kind of lost their appeal. Tonight will probably be just another abandoned building that’s cold and rundown.” 
Fingers crossed that was the case. 
Instead of telling him that, I smiled and said, “You never know.” 
His lips tipped up. “Yep, you never know.” 
This time I was the one tilting my head and trying to get a read on him. I had a feeling those words meant more than he let on. 
“Large peperoni with extra cheese,” Linda said, setting our pizza in the middle of the table. 
Seriously, I was going to leave her a big tip. 
Charlie passed me a plate and scooped the largest piece of pizza onto it. 
I immediately dug in and closed my eyes at the explosion of flavor on my tongue. 
Charlie chuckled, and my eyes flew open and cut to him. 
“What?” I asked with a mouthful of pizza. 
His grin got wider. “It’s just refreshing to see a girl enjoying food.” 
I swallowed my bite and shrugged. “I’ve never understood that. We all have to eat. If there is pizza in front of me I will devour it.” I shrugged. “I’m lobbying for it to become one of the major food groups.” 
“I would sign your petition,” Charlie said, taking a bite of his own pizza. 
We grinned at each other and then consumed our pizza. 
I finished my third piece and threw my napkin over my plate. “I think if I eat another bite, I’ll explode.” 
“Same,” Charlie said, shoving the last bite of his fourth piece in his mouth.
Linda made another appearance. “You two stay as long as you like and enjoy the rest of your day.” She handed our ticket to Charlie and gave us one last smile before moving to her next table. 
Charlie pulled out his phone, hit the home button, and sighed. “I have twenty minutes until my next class starts.” 
“How far away is your building?” 
“Only about a five-minute walk.” 
I nodded. “That’s good. At least you won’t have to sprint to class. That wouldn’t be much fun.” 
“No, it wouldn’t. I was hoping we would have a little more time together though.” 
I couldn’t help the smile that spread across my face. “We have tonight.” 
He slung an arm around the back of the bench and his fingers brushed my shoulder. “I was hoping to take you somewhere a little nicer on our second date than a haunted hospital.” 
My eyebrows flew up. “Second date?” 
“Yeah,” he drawled out. 
Was this the normal pace of dating? Because it seemed like he moved fast. Real fast. Yet, I didn’t dispute the labeling of tonight as our second date. 
“You give good date,” I told him. “Pizza and ghosts.” I couldn’t help the giggle that escaped, and I covered my mouth before I fell into a fit of hysterics. 
He leaned in close, his eyes sparkling with mischief. “Wait until the third date.” 
“I don’t know if I’ll survive the third one. What will it be, skydiving or bungee jumping?” 
His fingers brushed over my shoulder again. “You’ll just have to wait and see. I can tell you this though, it will be worth the leap.” 
I shook my head at him. “I’m going to have to be careful.” 
He cocked his head to the side. “Why is that?” 
“Because you are quite the charmer.” 
“I’m from Texas,” he said as if that was explanation enough. 
He glanced at our bill and reached for his wallet.
I immediately went for my own, but Charlie reached out and stayed my hand. 
“Don’t even think about it.” 
I opened my mouth to protest, but he shook his head while arching a brow at me. 
“Fine,” I said, pulling my hands away from my backpack and the wallet clipped to the side. 
Charlie smiled at me and then flipped his wallet open, pulling out a few bills and placing them on the table. 
“What about the tip? I could leave that.” 
His eyes cut to me and I clamped my lips together at his look. 
“When you’re with me you don’t pay.  Not even for a tip. Got it?” 
I guess I could add bossy to his list of qualities.  
He slid out of the booth and turned, waiting for me as he scooped our backpacks up from the seat and threw them over his shoulder. I didn’t even attempt to protest his carrying of my bag out of the restaurant. It would be pointless. 
I slid out and Charlie’s hand came to rest on the small of my back, guiding me. His hand only left my back when we made it to the front door. He pulled it open and I stepped out into the afternoon sunshine. 
I walked a couple of steps away from the door and turned around, watching as Charlie held it open for a group of elderly women entering the restaurant. They were fawning all over him, but he didn’t make a big deal of it. He smiled, his dimples popping and probably giving them a large dose of the Charlie charm. 
My heart gave a squeeze at the sight of his kindness. Gran always said you judge a man by his actions, and Charlie was shaping up to be a really good one. 
When the last woman had been ushered inside, he headed my way. 
“That was really sweet of you,” I said when he came to a stop in front of me. 
“My mama would tan my hide if she thought I was slacking on my manners.” 
“What’s your favorite snack?” I asked, abruptly changing the subject. “I’m about to make a snack run for tonight.” 
“Honeybuns,” he answered without hesitation. 
I stared at him in shock for a moment and then burst out laughing. 
“What?” 
“Ask me what my favorite snack is,” I said, smiling at him. 
His brows lifted, and his lips tipped up. “Hildy, what’s your favorite snack?” He played along. 
“Honeybuns,” I giggled. 
A slow smile stretched across his face and he shook his head at me. “I told you, it’s fate.” 
“It just might be,” I said. 
We stood that way for a moment, grinning like fools and staring at each other. 
A car honked as it zoomed by, jerking us from our reverie. 
He looked down at his phone and then back at me, eyes filled with regret. “I have to get to class.” 
He shrugged my bag from his shoulder, and I reached for it, but he jerked it back slightly. He stepped behind me and helped me put it on, gently pulling my hair out from underneath. 
“Thanks,” I said, shyly. 
He moved back into my line of sight and grinned. “I think that’s my line.” His hand lifted and tucked a strand of hair that had fallen in my face behind my ear. “Thank you for coming to lunch with me.” 
I nodded, not really knowing what to say next. The awkwardness I had worried about before had been delayed to now it seemed. 
One side of his mouth kicked up. “I’ll see you tonight, Hildy.” 
“I’ll be the one with the honeybuns.” 
I cringed and that all too familiar heat traveled up my neck, but thank goodness, he laughed. 
He started backing up. “Bye, Hildy.” 
“Bye, Charlie.” 
He walked backwards for a few more feet, and then with a wink and a flash of dimple, he whirled around and sauntered toward his class. 
I watched him until he disappeared into the crowd of students occupying the sidewalk. 
Only then did I turn and walk away. 

CHAPTER SIX




I hefted my backpack up my shoulder and picked up my pace. I was running late. This was normal for me, but I was hoping tonight would be the night I would break the habit considering we were on a time crunch. 
After I made it back to my dorm from picking up our snacks, I fell asleep. Cooper had told us to be prepared to stay up all night, and that would not happen for me if I didn’t nap, so I did. And then slept right through my alarm. I had woken up at fifteen till eight and scrambled to get ready. 
I brushed my teeth, ran my fingers through my hair, and changed into my incognito attire, black leggings, loose fitting black shirt, and my trusty pair of dark grey tennis shoes, all in the span of three minutes. Luckily, I had emptied my backpack of books and filled it with the snacks I had bought before I laid down. So, all I had to do was grab my phone and throw my bag over my shoulder and I was out the door. 
I was only a block away from the student center, but I was already five minutes late. The optimism I felt when I left my dorm vanished when I realized how crowded the streets were. It was Friday night, and all the bars and restaurants around campus were packed, the lines spilling out onto the sidewalks. 
I dodged and weaved through people, but it slowed me down, especially when I couldn’t be heard over the noise of everyone talking and I had to elbow my way through large groups mulling around the sidewalk. I received a few dirty looks and yells as I shouldered my way through, but I finally made it to the end of the block. 
The student center came into view and I prayed that I hadn’t been left. I couldn’t imagine anything worse than navigating my way to the hospital and then having to go in by myself to find everyone. 
I rounded the side of the building, the front steps where we were supposed to meet coming into view. There were several people coming and going down the steps leading into the main building. The sun had been down a while and that, combined with all the people roaming about, made it hard to locate my group.
I craned my head, searching for them. I moved through the crowd, scanning, but I still couldn’t find them. I was beginning to panic, thinking about making that trek in the dark, when my elbow was grabbed, and I was spun around. 
I gave a yelp of surprise and came face to face with Cooper. 
He smirked down at me, his hands on my shoulders keeping me from tumbling. “I thought you bailed on us, kiddo.” 
I shook my head. “I overslept.” 
“I tried calling you,” Charlie said, the corner of his mouth tipping up. 
I shot him a sheepish smile. “Oops. I shoved my phone in my backpack before sprinting over here. I was panicking too much to even think about calling or texting you guys.” 
“That’s okay. We weren’t going to leave without you.” 
“You weren’t going to,” Cooper muttered. 
Charlie gave him a slight shove, knocking him away from me.
Cooper laughed, holding his hands up in surrender. 
“I would have hunted you down if you didn’t show,” Lizzy said, shouldering past Cooper to stand in front of me. “There is no way I would be going if you weren’t. Us girls have to stick together.” 
I smiled at her. “Yeah, we do.” 
“Nice outfit,” she said, scanning me up and down. “I wasn’t sure I could pull off spy gear, but I’m glad one of us can.” 
“You call that spy gear?” Cooper asked on a laugh. 
He was kind of right. 
She was wearing a pair of tight leather pants, a flowy black tank top with a black cardigan, and black ankle boots. Her red hair was piled on top of her head in a bun with tendrils falling around her face and her makeup was impeccable, from her perfectly winged eyeliner to her bright red lips. 
I suddenly felt underdressed with my bare face and four-year old tennis shoes. 
Well, compared to Lizzy. The guys were dressed similarly as me. Charlie and Cooper wore black sweatpants and sweatshirts, along with their tennis shoes, and Oliver wore dark jeans, a long-sleeved black sweater, and black loafers. 
“We’re not going clubbing. Look at your shoes. What if we have to run?” Cooper asked. 
Lizzy looked down and then back up at Cooper, arching a brow. “What’s wrong with my shoes?” 
“Um, they’re not practical for starters.” 
Lizzy’s hand went to her hip. 
I took a step back, followed closely by Charlie and Oliver. 
“Not practical?” 
“Nope,” Cooper said, emphasizing the “p” for effect. 
Lizzy took a step closer to him and he grinned. 
She lifted a finger and pointed at him, only a few inches from his nose. “First of all, I don’t even own tennis shoes. And I’ll have you know, I could easily run circles around you in my six-inch heels, let alone these.”
Cooper folded his arms over his chest, that same aggravating grin stretched across his face. “Is that right?” 
Lizzy mirrored his stance and nodded. 
Charlie heaved a sigh next to me. “This could go on all night.” 
I laughed. “It probably will.” 
Charlie mumbled something incoherently before stepping forward to run interference. “Guys, shoes don’t really matter right now. We have more important things to think about.” 
Lizzy gasped. “Shoes always matter.” 
I giggled, and then threw a hand over my mouth to conceal my laughter when Charlie whirled around and pinned playful, narrowed eyes on me. 
I shrugged, and he shot me a wink. 
“The important thing is we’re all here, and we can go now, right?” Oliver waded in. 
Cooper and Lizzy continued to glare at each other, Lizzy the only one really meaning it. 
“Right?” Charlie echoed Oliver. 
“Fine,” Lizzy finally gave in. “Let’s just get this over with.” 
Cooper swept his arm out. “Ladies first.” 
“Not a chance,” Lizzy answered, moving toward me and looping her arm through mine. 
Cooper laughed, while Charlie threw his elbow into his gut. “Knock it off.” 
Without another word, Cooper turned and led the way. 
“This is a bad idea,” Lizzy whispered. 
“Probably,” I whispered back. 
“Why are we doing this then?” 
“Democracy.” 
She sighed next to me and practically drug her feet the entire walk to our destination. 
Cooper walked fast, so fast I could barely keep up, and I wouldn’t have if Lizzy hadn’t been dragging me along. 
We made it to the front gates just as they were closing. 
Cooper made a mad dash for them, but it was no use. They firmly clicked into place, the clank of metal echoing in the night. “No!” He wrapped his hands around the bars and shook them. 
“It’s okay, Cooper. We can still get in,” Charlie said, coming up beside him and putting a hand on his shoulder. 
“I wanted to get here before the gates closed. It won’t be an easy climb,” Cooper replied, giving the gate another shake. 
This was all my fault. If I hadn’t overslept, we would have made it in time. “I’m sorry,” I said, my voice sounding as miserable as I felt. 
Lizzy gave my arm a squeeze where she still held on, and Charlie and Cooper turned around to face us. 
The corner of Cooper’s lip tilted up. “Don’t worry about it. We’ll just have to climb over.”  
“Are you sure there isn’t another way in?” I asked, scrunching my nose at the gate. 
Charlie chuckled. “Nope, this is the only way. Are you scared?” 
I shifted my eyes to him. “Of falling to my death? Of course not.” 
He outright laughed at that. 
“Don’t worry. I won’t let you fall.” 
Lizzy let go of my arm and marched toward Cooper. When she stood toe to toe with him, she lifted a finger and pointed it at his face. “If I fall to my death, I want it to be known that the only ghost you will be seeing is me, haunting you for the rest of your miserable life.” 
He smirked at her. “Miserable?” 
Lizzy transferred her hands to her hips and narrowed her eyes. “Yep. I will personally see to it that you live a long and unhappy life.” 
His lips turned down at that. “Don’t you think you’re being a tad overdramatic?” 
She didn’t bother to answer, just turned on her heel and marched back over to me, looping our arms again. 
I bit my lip to hide my grin as we stood united against Cooper.  
Cooper rolled his eyes and turned back to the gate, looking it up and down and trying to figure out our game plan. 
Oliver moved closer to Charlie, and although he pitched his voice low, I couldn’t help but overhear his whispered words. 
“Um, I don’t know if you have noticed or not, but I have like zero muscle tone, and the probability of me being able to scale that,” he gestured wildly to the towering gate,” is slim.” 
Charlie patted him on the shoulder. “Don’t worry, buddy. I got you.” 
Oliver swallowed, not looking convinced. 
Cooper clapped his hands and rubbed them together. “Alright, let’s do this.” 
“Do what exactly?” Lizzy asked in her snide tone. 
“This,” Cooper answered, leaping up and grabbing the top of the fence, hoisting himself up and over effortlessly. 
Everyone but Charlie stared in a mixture of shock and awe as he landed lithely on his feet on the other side. 
He lifted from his crouch and turned to face us, a cocky grin on his face. “And that’s how it’s done.” He took a small bow. When he raised up he looked at Charlie. “Toss the backpacks over to me.” 
We handed our bags over to Charlie and he threw them over the fence to Cooper who caught them and sat them at his feet. 
When Cooper placed the last one on the ground he turned to us, spread his arms out, and grinned. “So, who’s next?” 
Me and Lizzy both pointed at Oliver. 
Oliver shook his head at our betrayal but stepped forward. 
“How do I do this?” 
Charlie moved closer to him and bent, lacing his fingers together and gesturing for him to step into his hands. “I’m going to boost you up and over. Grab the top for support and use your momentum to pull you over the side.” 
He nodded. “I get the going up part. It’s the going down part I’m worried about.” 
Cooper lifted his arms, grinning widely. “I got you.” 
He still didn’t look convinced, but he shakily stepped into Charlie’s hands and raised his arms in the air to grab onto the metal bar at the top. 
“On the count of three,” Charlie said. When Oliver nodded, Charlie began counting, “One, two, three,” and then heaved him upward with all his might. 
I held my breath the entire time, watching Oliver go up and over with a grunt, finally sighing in relief as Cooper broke his fall. Literally. 
“Ow,” Cooper whined from the tangle of limbs that he and Oliver had become. “You are heavier than you look, my friend.” 
Oliver stood, brushing dirt from his legs. “Oh man, there’s a hole in my pants. I must have snagged it on my way down.” 
Cooper gained his feet, holding his stomach and staring at him in disbelief. “I’m pretty sure I have internal injuries, and you’re worried about a hole in your pants?” 
Oliver glanced at him. “These are brand new.” 
“Seriously?” Cooper took a step toward him. 
“Guys, can we focus here?” Charlie called from our side of the fence. 
Cooper looked at his brother. “I think he punctured a lung, man.” 
Charlie sighed. “Stop being so dramatic. You’re fine.” He shifted his eyes to me and Lizzy, lifting his brows. “Who’s next?” 
Neither one of us volunteered. 
One side of Charlie’s mouth turned up in a smile. “You’re both going to have to do it eventually.” 
Lizzy sighed next to me. 
“Fine,” She huffed. “I’ll do it.”  
Charlie bent down. “Okay, so same thing I told Oliver. Use your momentum to swing over the side, and the guys will catch you.” 
She eyed Cooper and Oliver. “Are you sure about that?” 
Charlie barked a laugh. “I’m about eighty-five percent sure.” 
“Well, that’s encouraging.” 
“Come on, Liz. We’ll catch you. Promise,” Cooper said, already in position with his arms out and legs bent. Oliver mirrored his stance, though he didn’t look as confident about it. 
She nodded and stepped into Charlie’s clasped hands. Her hands shook as one went to his shoulder and the other wrapped around one of the metal bars. 
Charlie gave her a moment to calm herself and then asked, “You ready?” 
She bit her lip and nodded again. 
He counted to three and thrust her up in the air. She gave a squeal as her hands curled around the top and she pushed herself over the side, her arms swinging uncontrollably, but she landed safely in Cooper and Oliver’s outstretched arms with an oomph. 
They sat her on her feet and she immediately began jumping up and down. “I did it!”
Cooper joined in, girlie squeals and all, making us laugh. 
They high-fived as I ignored Charlie’s eyes boring into the side of my face. I swallowed past the gigantic lump that formed in my throat at the thought of flinging myself into the air. 
Charlie moved closer to me. “Hildy, you can do this.” 
“Can I?” I asked, not taking my eyes off the fence that suddenly seemed a hundred feet tall. 
“You can do anything as long as you believe in yourself.” 
I snorted a laugh, shifting my eyes to him. “That was very sage advice.” 
“I do what I can.” He grabbed my hand, tugging me closer to the fence. “Don’t be afraid.” 
“It’s kind of hard not to be.” 
Charlie bent his head until our eyes were level. “I won’t let anything happen to you. Just take a deep breath and trust me.” 
I took his advice, closing my eyes and drawing a lungful of air in, opening my eyes on the exhale. Charlie laced his hands together and nodded at me. 
“I’m ready.” 
“Okay, just remember to let your momentum guide you up and over. You’ll be fine. Cooper won’t let you fall.” 
I jerkily nodded along to his words. 
“On the count of three.”
I glanced through the bars at Lizzy, who smiled at me in support. My eyes shifted to Cooper who was already looking up and waiting to catch me when I came sailing over the side, which made me feel a little bit better.  
I turned back to Charlie, meeting his eyes and he winked at me. I gave him a jittery smile and braced my hand against his shoulder, stepping into his linked hands and mentally preparing myself to be launched in the air. 
He began to count. 
I took another deep breath and breathed out slowly. 
“Three,” Charlie said, bending his legs and tossing me up toward the top of the fence with a grunt. 
I lifted my arms, hands outstretched and waiting. Time seemed to slow down as my fingers wrapped around the cool metal and I heaved myself over the side, not as fluidly as everyone else. My knee banged painfully against the bar at the top and I gracelessly fell over to the other side. A yelp escaped as I let go of the fence and shot toward the ground, flailing arms and all. I squeezed my eyes closed, hoping Cooper would catch me, but offering up a quick prayer just in case he didn’t. 
Thankfully, he did. 
I landed with a thump against his chest and his arms closed around me. I lay against him for a few moments, waiting for my pounding heart to catch up with the rest of me. I was pretty sure I had left it somewhere on the other side of the fence. 
“Hildy, you can open your eyes now,” Cooper said on a laugh. 
I opened one eye and then the other. “I made it?” 
The force of Cooper’s laugh rumbled against my back. “You made it.” 
“You can set her down now, Cooper.” 
I glanced toward Charlie, who had his hands wrapped around the bars of the fence and his face pressed as close as he could get it through the bars. He stared meaningfully at his brother. 
Cooper playfully pulled me tighter against his chest. “I kind of like her current position.” 
“You’re not going to like your own position if you don’t put her down,” Charlie growled back. 
I threw an elbow into Cooper’s gut and he pursed his lips in a pout, setting me gently on the ground. My legs were still a little shaky, but Lizzy moved closer to me, grabbing my arm for support and pulling me a few feet away from Cooper. 
“Let’s get out of the danger zone,” she whispered. 
We watched as Charlie copied his brother, bending his legs and jumping high into the air and pulling himself over to our side. 
I stared in awe. I could barely heft myself onto the counter at home to reach a high shelf. 
He landed in a crouch and rose to his feet, moving swiftly toward his brother. 
“That was impressive,” Lizzy said. 
“Right,” I breathed out. 
Charlie moved into Cooper’s space, their faces only inches apart. “Cut the bullshit, Cooper. Please?” 
He smiled. “Whatever you say, brother.”
Charlie gave him a chin lift and shifted his attention to me and Liz. “Are you okay?” 
“Of course, I am, but I know you’re not really asking about me, are you?” Lizzy smirked, nudging me closer to him. 
I gave her big eyes over my shoulder and then faced Charlie. “It wasn’t as bad as I thought it was going to be, although for a split second there, I did imagine myself going splat.” 
He laughed. “It wasn’t that high.” 
“Maybe for you,” I scoffed. “For us vertically challenged folks that was basically Everest.” 
A flash of dimple, then, “Everest, huh? I guess you’ve already accomplished something tonight.” 
“And the night’s still young.” 
“Yep, and I’d like to still be that way when we leave this place,” Cooper cut in. “So, you think we can get on with what we came here to do?” 
We all mumbled in agreement as Cooper headed up the gravel road that led to the hospital. Several trees were strategically placed along the roadway blocking the view of the building from the front gate. 
Oliver followed Cooper, already asking him questions in low tones. 
I glanced at Charlie, and with a little grin, he gestured for me to go before him. Lizzy wrapped her arm around mine and drug me forward, and Charlie fell in behind us. 
And we marched toward Bryce Hospital.  


CHAPTER SEVEN




We trudged along the drive, and after the first few minutes, we did so in silence, the crunch of gravel under our feet the only sound that could be heard in the night. The weight of what we were about to do had set in and we were lost in our own thoughts. Not to mention it was a little spooky walking around in the dark. We didn’t want to take any chances with getting caught by a lingering guard, so we decided not to break out the flashlights until we hit the front of the house. 
 “We made it,” Cooper said, breaking the silence. 
And there it was. 
From where we stood, the hospital was only a murky outline. I could just make out the four lumbering columns of the front walkway. No one spoke as we covered the last few feet that separated us from the building. 
Cooper halted when we reached the crumbling cement of the walkway. Shrugging his backpack from his shoulder, he spoke, “Are you guys sure you don’t want to split up? It might help us cover more ground.” 
“Out of the question,” was Lizzy’s immediate reply. “There is no way I’m wandering in there alone.” 
“You wouldn’t be alone. I would let you take Hildy with you.” 
I raised my hand. “I second her motion. No splitting up.” 
“I’m not big on separating either,” Oliver chimed in. 
Charlie moved around me and Lizzy and headed toward his brother. When he got close enough, he clapped him on the shoulder. “Looks like you’re outvoted this time, Cooper.” 
Cooper waved him off. “Yeah, yeah. At least I won the vote that got us here.” 
Charlie dropped his backpack on the ground. “That’s the spirit.” He bent down, unzipping his bag and rummaging through it. “I know we don’t want to separate, but just in case we need to keep a flashlight with us at all times.” 
“We have our phones,” Lizzy said. 
Charlie looked up at her and arched a brow. “You won’t have service inside the building and if you’re meaning to use your flashlight, it casts a very low beam compared to the ones I brought, and who knows what we’ll run into in there.” 
Wordlessly, Lizzy reached for a flashlight and held it in a white-knuckled grip. 
She really was scared about going inside. 
Charlie passed them out to the rest of us, and even Cooper had no sarcastic comments to offer us. 
It was the anticipation of what we would discover within the walls of this place. 
“All right, everyone ready?” Charlie asked, zipping his backpack and rising to his feet. 
Everyone nodded. 
“Let’s do this then,” Cooper said. 
We stepped up on the makeshift porch. Cooper turned his flashlight on and the rest of us followed suit. The extra light illuminated the front of the hospital, giving us our first view of the place. 
The crumbling brick was white, no, the whole building was white. Stark white against the night. From the massive columns on the slab of concrete that led up to the equally white door, to the very tip of the roof, there was no color to be found. No vibrancy. Nothing. 
Oliver had done some research before we came and had sent it to us in our group message. He was a bit of a history buff and wanted us to have background knowledge of the hospital before we visited. 
It had once been a sprawling plantation before the war between the states when it had been evacuated and turned into a hospital for soldiers in the area. It had sustained severe damages during the war, so it had been shut down for a while, until the early 1900’s when it was bought by a rich benefactor, renovated, and then turned into a hospital for women and children suffering from tuberculosis. In the early twenties there had been a fire that burned down the west wing and had nearly destroyed the rest of the building. It had been closed ever since. 
It had only recently been opened to the public for tours, but according to Cooper, people had been sneaking in for much longer, hoping to catch a glimpse of one of the many ghosts that supposedly wandered the grounds. 
Oliver was skeptical of the last part, but Cooper was hopeful. And the rest of us were just along for the ride. 
“How exactly are we supposed to get in?” Lizzy asked as we crossed the concrete porch, past the columns, and came to a stop in front of the large white door. 
“Probably a window, but just to be sure,” Cooper said, moving closer to the door and grasping the handle. He tugged the door and pushed on it with his shoulder to no avail. It refused to budge. 
Charlie sighed next to me. “Window it is.” 
Cooper turned back around. “It’s not going to be that bad. Just think of it as part of the adventure.” 
Lizzy gestured up and down her body. “Does this outfit look like it was meant for scaling walls and climbing through windows?” 
Cooper rolled his eyes. “That’s why I said to dress appropriately.” 
“You said spyware!” She hissed, voice edging the line of hysterical. 
“Exactly, spyware as in something practical.” 
She threw her hands in the air. “Have you ever seen a spy film?” 
“Of course,” Cooper snorted. 
She arched a brow. “Spyware is sexy.” 
“Not when you’re going to a haunted building it’s not,” he shot back. 
Charlie and I were whipping our heads back and forth as the two of them verbally sparred. I had a feeling this was what our entire night would be like.
“Um, guys?” Oliver said, his voice sounding funny. 
I glanced over at him and did a double take at the stark fear in his eyes. 
“You are so infuriating, Cooper James,” Lizzy seethed. 
I followed Oliver’s eyes to the front door and back, confused. There wasn’t anything out of the ordinary. Until I looked back at the door again. The door knob was twisting like someone was trying to get out. I stared slack-jawed at the turning knob, unable to take my eyes off it. 
Lizzy and Cooper continued to argue, but I couldn’t make out what they were saying. My full concentration was centered on who was behind the door. 
“Guys!” Oliver shouted. 
“What!” Cooper shouted back. His patience had snapped. 
“The door, that’s what,” Oliver said. 
Everyone’s attention snapped to the twisting door knob.  
Charlie shifted closer to me. “I thought you said the door was locked, Cooper?”  
“It was,” he replied. 
“Is this some kind of joke?” Lizzy asked. “Did you pay someone to come over here and scare us?” 
“No, I didn’t. I would never do that,” Cooper said, and I believed him. He sounded as freaked as the rest of us. 
“Then how do you explain that?” Lizzy was no longer toeing the line of hysterics. She was there. 
Charlie’s shoulder brushed mine as he leaned around me to look at his brother. “Cooper?” 
“I swear, Charlie. I didn’t do anything.” 
The door started shaking and soon began rattling so hard I thought it would fly off its hinges. 
I gripped Charlie’s arm and leaned closer to him to be heard over the noise. “What do we do?” 
“Wait and see what’s on the other side,” he answered. 
“What?” Lizzy shrieked. “You guys are crazy. Please, let’s just leave.” 
“I agree with Lizzy. I don’t particularly care to see what’s waiting for us on the other side,” Oliver said nervously. 
“We have to. We’ve made it this far, and what’s the point in leaving when this is what we came to see?” Cooper asked. 
“I didn’t agree to come here. Me and Oliver just happened to draw the short end of the stick, and I’m only here now because I didn’t actually believe we would see any ghosts because they’re not real.” Lizzy’s hands went to her hair and she started pacing. 
“They look pretty real to me,” Cooper laughed. 
“Not helping, Cooper,” Charlie said. 
Lizzy paced toward me and Charlie. “That’s what I’m saying, this shouldn’t be happening.” She moved in the opposite direction again. 
Cooper sighed. “Calm down, Liz.” 
Lizzy stopped pacing. “Calm down.” She threw her head back and laughed. “You want me to calm down.” She moved closer to Cooper. “Breaking and entering, then climbing over fences like the criminals we are, and now this.” She gestured toward the door. “What’s next? Are we going to start communing with the dead?” 
I couldn’t help it, I burst out laughing. Mostly because she wasn’t far off. After a few seconds, the others joined in, well except for Lizzy who whirled on me and glared, too caught up in her dramatics to see the humor of the situation. 
“I’m sorry,” I wheezed through my laughter. “This entire night has just been one thing after the other and we haven’t even gone inside yet.” 
“That doesn’t bode well for when we do go in,” Oliver muttered. 
I grinned at him and then aimed my smile at Lizzy. 
“I don’t see the humor in this,” she said, only mildly glaring now. 
Before I could answer, the rattling stopped. 
I held Lizzy’s eyes for a moment, the fear in hers making me want to give her a hug. Oliver beat me to it. He reached out and gently grabbed her arm, pulling her back toward him until they stood shoulder to shoulder. She gave him a grateful smile and they turned to face the door. 
I glanced up at Charlie. His eyes were glued to the door, his jaw clenched. 
“This is it,” Cooper muttered beside me. 
I shifted my eyes to the door. I didn’t even blink. Too afraid I might miss something important, but equally hopeful nothing would be on the other side and it was just a faulty door that liked to moan and rattle on its own. 
After a few moments of staring at the immobile door, we breathed a collective sigh of relief. 
“That was anticlimactic,” Charlie leaned in and whispered. 
I looked up and smiled at him, preparing to respond when Lizzy’s gasp interrupted me. 
I whipped my head back around and watched as, without a sound, the doorknob slowly twisted. Then the door creaked open, beckoning us inside. 
“Are we supposed to go in?” Oliver asked. 
“I think whoever lives here just invited us,” Cooper responded. 
“What do you mean invited us in?” Lizzy asked. 
We all shot her a pointed looked and she visibly swallowed. 
“I’m scared, guys.” 
I reached around Charlie and gave her arm a squeeze. “It’s okay, Lizzy. We’re all in this together, remember?” 
Without taking her eyes from the now open door, she responded, “Somehow, that’s not comforting.” 
I couldn’t argue with her there, so I fastened my eyes back on the inky blackness in front of me. 
We stood transfixed in silence. Too scared to make a sound that might beckon whatever, whoever, opened that door outside. I had never found myself in a situation like this, one where I was unprepared and caught off guard. 
The silence and fear began to feel like a cage pressing in on me, causing my heart to start beating uncontrollably out of my chest. My vision blurred. My only focus the pulsing blackness beyond the door. I could vaguely hear something in the abyss, but I couldn’t quite make it out. A shape ran past the door and the blood froze in my veins. My eyes flitted around the open door desperately trying to find the roving figure again, but it didn’t make another appearance.  
“Shall we?” Cooper broke whatever spell the darkness had woven over me and I jumped, slapping a hand against my pounding chest. 
“Hildy?” Charlie murmured, pressing close to my side. 
I jerkily shot my head up to look at him, still kind of zoned out. 
He dipped his head so he could get a better look at me. “You okay?” 
“Of course,” I said, my voice sounding unconvincing to my own ears. 
He held my eyes for a beat and then slowly nodded. I knew he didn’t believe me, but thankfully he let it go. 
“So,” Cooper said, and I shifted my attention back to him, “shall we?” He swept his arm out toward the door. 
“Lead the way, Coop,” Charlie said. “I’ll bring up the rear.” 
An almost imperceptible amount of fear flashed in Cooper’s eyes before he hid it with one of his easy-going smiles. He aimed that smile at Lizzy and Oliver. “Stay behind me, okay?” He turned on his heel and marched toward the door. 
Oliver followed, dragging Lizzy behind him. She had a death grip on his arm and as they passed, her eyes met mine. I gave her a smile that was supposed to be reassuring, but I knew I had failed when she didn’t return it. 
The smile slid from my face and I swallowed nervously. 
Charlie’s hand slid across my back. “I’ll be right behind you.” 
I shifted my eyes from where Lizzy had disappeared through the door and met Charlie’s intense gaze. I pasted another tight-lipped smile on my face. “Okay.” 
He gently pushed me toward the door and I took that first step. Then another. A third. Fear was coursing through my veins and my breathing grew more erratic the closer I stepped to the doorway. And then I was standing right in front of it. One step stood between me and whatever lay on the other side. 
I took a deep breath and stepped over the threshold with Charlie right behind me. Three beams of light turned toward us from where the others stood off to the side. I fished mine out from the side of my backpack where I had stashed it when we were on the walkway. I flipped it on, Charlie following suit. 
“So, now what?” Charlie asked. 
The door slammed shut, trapping us inside. 



CHAPTER EIGHT




Lizzy screamed, the guys cursed, and I stood silently, listening. 
Charlie’s light flickered on and he grabbed my hand, tugging me to where the others were huddled. 
Lizzy reached out and latched onto my arm, pulling me the rest of the way in. Charlie crowded me, his front pressed up against my back so that me and Lizzy were in the center and the guys surrounded us while we shined our lights all around the room.  
A scampering sound came from somewhere above and the sound of high-pitched laughter trickled down. 
“This is why I voted not to come here,” Lizzy frantically whispered. 
I ignored her, too busy scanning the upstairs landing where the noise had come from. My light shined up the wide stairs that greeted us when we walked in and back to the landing. There was no movement, but the faint sound of laughter still hung in the air. 
“What’s your plan, Cooper?” Charlie asked, his voice low but not nearly as frazzled as Lizzy’s. 
“I don’t know. I didn’t exactly plan for this to happen.” 
“What did you think would happen?” Charlie laughed a brittle laugh. “You’re the one who wanted to see ghosts in the haunted hospital.” 
“Yeah, but I didn’t think it would be this haunted.” 
Charlie laughed again. “You’re an idiot.” 
Cooper didn’t argue. “Pretty much. Yeah.” 
“So, that means we can leave, right?” Lizzy asked hopefully. “Since we all agree that Cooper is an idiot.” 
Cooper mumbled something unintelligible, but he didn’t argue. 
We directed our light toward the front door. Oliver was closest, so he quickly took a few steps and tried to open it, but it wouldn’t budge. He glanced back at us, brows furrowed, and gave it a few more tugs. Nothing. He turned to the window a couple of feet away from the door and tried to lift it, but it was no use. 
“I wouldn’t hold my breath about leaving, Liz,” he said, moving back to our huddle. 
“Are we locked in?” Her nails dug into my arm. “Please, tell me we’re not locked in here.” 
“Okay, I won’t tell you that then,” Oliver said, humor in his voice despite the situation. 
“Lizzy, calm down.” With the light still pointed away from us, I reached out blindly for her hand. When I found it in the dark, I gave it a squeeze. “Everything is going to be fine. We’re going to get through this together and come morning, we’ll walk out those doors and Cooper will buy us all breakfast.” 
“I will?” Cooper asked. 
I ignored him, and so did Lizzy. “I like breakfast,” she mumbled. 
I gave her hand another squeeze. “Who doesn’t?” 
“Until then what do we do?” Oliver asked.
“What we came here to do,” was Charlie’s reply. “Cooper poured over the floorplans for this place all afternoon, so he knows the layout like the back of his hand. All we have to do is follow him, stay close together, and we should be fine.” 
We shined our lights in Cooper’s face. 
He squinted against the brightness. “All right then. Who wants to go find some ghosts?” 
No one said a word. 
“You seem to be in bad spirits.” He waggled his eyebrows at us. 
“Idiot,” Charlie muttered behind me and I laughed. 
“I’ll be in better spirits in the morning,” Lizzy told Cooper. 
“I’ll be in better spirits if we don’t actually see any spirits,” Oliver added. 
Cooper snorted. “You guys are no fun.” 
“Cooper?” Charlie sighed. 
“Yeah?” 
“Just lead us to wherever we need to go.” 
Cooper flicked his hand up in a salute. “Follow me.” He led us straight ahead to a room off the stairs. 
I shined my light at my feet and the scuffed but clean hardwood floors beneath it. At least they had cleaned the place up since they started giving tours. I swiveled my flashlight around, catching a glimpse of white walls and pretty much nothing else. The place was barren and had been for a long time. There was no sign of any furniture or memorabilia from its time as a house or a hospital. It was as if no people had ever inhabited the place. 
We entered the open room that must have been a sitting room at some point. It was huge, but like the front of the house, barren. Except for the massive brick fireplace at the center of the room. Light flickered all over the room as we took in the space. 
“This was the staging area for visitation days,” Oliver whispered. “For patients who were well enough to be seen. Or if they hadn’t been forgotten.” 
“Forgotten?” A voice came from everywhere and nowhere all at once. I couldn’t make out if it was male or female. 
We all gravitated closer together. 
“Who said that?” Lizzy asked. 
“Cooper?” Charlie said his brother’s name threateningly. 
He whirled around and shined his light in Charlie’s eyes. “I swear it’s not me.” 
Footsteps thundered from above. Our flashlights whipped upwards, glaring off the massive chandelier that adorned the ceiling. It rattled from the impact of whatever was above us. 
“Should we go check it out?” Cooper asked. 
“The logical part of me says yes, but the rational part is telling me hell no,” Oliver said. 
Charlie chuckled despite the situation. “The way I see it, we have two choices. We can stay down here twiddling our thumbs and waiting for whatever it is to come find us, or we can take charge of the situation and go meet it head on.” 
“Why, God?” Lizzy cried. “Out of all the people in my class, I had to be grouped with these lunatics.” 
Cooper snorted. “We’re all crazy in our own way. Who knows, He could have saved you from something much worse.” 
This time Lizzy snorted. “What could be worse than crazy?” 
“Boring,” Oliver replied. “Try growing up in the academic community where the only fun you have is in stuffy conference rooms. This is the most excitement I’ve ever experienced in my life. There’s nothing wrong with adding a little crazy to your life, as long as it’s with good people.” 
A clapping sound came from Oliver’s direction and then from Cooper, “That was deep, man.” 
I reached out and grabbed hold of Lizzy’s arm. “Are you going to be okay, Lizzy?” 
“Yes,” she answered quietly. 
Cooper dumped his bag on the floor. “Let’s leave our stuff down here.” 
“Good idea,” Charlie said, placing his backpack by his brother’s. The rest of us shrugged our bags off our shoulders and sat them down beside theirs. 
“Can you give me some light?” Oliver asked. Our flashlights aimed in his direction as he knelt down and dug his camera out of his bag. He put the strap around his neck and stood. “Okay, I’m ready.” 
“Cooper, you take the lead again,” Charlie said. “Stay together up there, guys. No matter what happens.” 
Cooper and Oliver took point, with me and Lizzy making up the middle, and Charlie bringing up the rear. We went out the way we had come, heading for the staircase. We moved up the stairs single-file, the wood creaking under our feet. 
There went our element of surprise, though I wasn’t sure anyone could sneak up on a ghost. We also hadn’t heard a sound since we were in the other room, but that didn’t mean whoever was up here wasn’t waiting for us.  
Charlie paused on the top step, giving me a light push forward where we had stopped on the landing. Cooper had frozen a few feet from the steps listening for any out of place sound.  
“Sorry,” I whispered to Charlie, moving forward so he could step up beside me. 
His answer was to slide his palm down my arm, his fingers tangling with mine. 
I smiled in the darkness. 
“Which way should we go?” Oliver asked Cooper. He lifted his camera and started snapping pictures of the hallway. 
“It’s quiet up here now, which means no trail of breadcrumbs for us to follow. I guess we just go down either hallway until we run into something.” 
“Or someone,” Lizzy muttered. 
Cooper ignored her. “Let’s go left first, and if we don’t find anything we’ll go the other way.” 
We followed him down the hallway, his light sweeping up and down the hall and illuminating our way. He swept it past the rooms we passed. There were twelve rooms in all, six rooms on each side. All the doors were open, and unlike the downstairs area, the rooms were still furnished. Some were in better condition than others. The beds were mostly intact, the mattresses bare and mostly on the beds, while in some rooms all that was left was the metal bedframe, or the mattress was thrown across the room like someone had hastily gone through the room at some point. A few of the rooms had nightstands by the beds, while others did not. And the numbers on the doors were peeling off the wood, some of them already gone. 
Forgotten. This place had been forgotten. And the people who had once been here, lived here. Died here. They had been forgotten too. 
Cooper stopped near the last two rooms at the end of the hall, sweeping his light back and forth between the two. He turned around, shining his light toward us. “I guess we’re going back the way we came.” 
I looked at Charlie who nodded, and still holding my hand, began leading us back the way we came. 
It was another dead end. We searched each room, pausing at each doorway and listening, but nothing. Not a peep from our ghost. 
Charlie spun around and aimed his light at Cooper’s face. “There isn’t any more floors in here?” 
Squinting, Cooper answered, “There’s the east wing, but it’s been blocked off for a while. It’s impossible to get in there, and believe me, I made every attempt to do so. Even talked to some people who have been here before. They said the wood was rotting and the city was concerned that some kids would go in and get hurt, or worse. So, they boarded it up until repairs can be made.” 
“I guess we’ll go back downstairs and decide where to go from there,” Charlie said on a sigh.  
We headed for the stairs and Cooper laughed. “I guess they’re more scared of us than we are of them.” 
A beat of silence and then chills swept up my spine. The back of my neck prickled, and I knew. Something was coming, rising up behind us like a tidal wave about to sweep us away. 
The door at the end of the hall slammed shut and we whirled around, our flashlights trained on the closed door. No one said a word or took a breath. 
Charlie’s hand tightened in mine and he pulled me slightly behind him. I appreciated his wanting to protect me, but he didn’t understand this was my domain. And of course, I couldn’t tell him that. 
“Way to piss off the ghost, Cooper,” Lizzy huffed, and I had to agree with her. Cooper seemed to have a knack for sarcastic comments at inopportune times. 
“Sorry,” he mumbled. 
We waited for a moment, and another one. When nothing happened, we breathed a collective sigh of relief. 
“For a second there I thought…” Cooper started to say, but he was interrupted by the creaking of the door as it opened.
Then slammed shut again. 
Open. 
Slam. 
Repeat. 
The door across the hall began slamming open and closed. 
Charlie took a step back pulling me with him. 
I bumped into Lizzy who bunched the back of my shirt in her hand. “Hildy?” Her voice was shaky. Scared. 
“It’s okay,” I whispered to her. “We’re okay.” 
We took another step back. 
Then it stopped. 
“Is it over?” Oliver asked. I heard the clicking of his camera. 
“I don’t know,” Cooper said. 
It wasn’t. 
Every door on both sides of the hall began banging open and then slamming closed again. The sound was deafening. Charlie looked down at me and said something, but I couldn’t make out what it was. 
He looked over my shoulder and gestured to the others. They must have been better lip readers than I was because they turned and rushed back up the hall. 
Run. That’s what Charlie had said. But there was nowhere to run to. We were locked in this place until morning. 
“Where do we go?” Cooper yelled over the noise. 
The doors stopped slamming again and silence settled over the hallway. A door at the top of the stairs swung open, laughter following in its wake. I swung my light toward the sound. 
Then I saw him. 
It was a child. 
A little boy who couldn’t have been more than ten. He was dressed in a pair of blue cotton pajamas that were covered in a layer of soot, along with his blond curls and sallow cheeks. His light blue eyes were full of mischief and not malice. 
I glanced around our huddle. I was the only one paying attention, though I wasn’t sure if the boy was strong enough to project himself to other people, which would explain the tricks he had been playing on us with the doors. He didn’t realize the harm he could cause. 
He met my eyes and his smile disappeared as he tilted his head to the side and took me in. When my eyes didn’t leave him, a small smile formed, and hope flared in his eyes. 
Then a wheelchair shot out of the open door and came barreling straight for Charlie. Only a few feet separated the two, so I had to act fast. 
“Watch out!” I cried, using our connected hands to yank Charlie into me and sent both of us tumbling backwards. We crashed into the wall, my body taking most of the impact. I grunted as Charlie’s weight hit me. It knocked the breath out of me and I struggled to draw more in. 
“Hildy,” Charlie said, placing his hands on either side of the wall and pushing himself off me. His hands came up to frame my face. “Are you all right?” 
I nodded. Still unable to draw enough air in to speak. 
“What was that?” Charlie called over his shoulder, his eyes not leaving my face. 
“Runaway wheelchair,” Cooper answered. 
Charlie’s thumb swept over my cheekbone. “I think you just saved my life.” 
“Hardly,” I said, finally able to speak. 
“How did you know it was coming? It happened so fast.” 
I swallowed nervously. He had to start asking questions, though I couldn’t blame him. He did almost get wiped out by a wheelchair. 
“You can see me?” The voice came from beside me. 
I froze. It seemed my moment of reckoning had arrived. 



CHAPTER NINE




“I know you can see me,” that tiny, timid voice whispered. “Can you help me?” 
I closed my eyes. I wasn’t prepared for this unveiling, but I couldn’t ignore this little boy, especially when I turned my head and looked at him. He was lost. I could see it in his eyes. The pain and fear. 
“Please,” he whispered again. His eyes were pleading with me to respond. To acknowledge that he wasn’t alone anymore. 
“Yes,” I finally whispered back.
He stepped closer to me. “You can help me?” 
“Yes,” I repeated. 
“Hildy?”
I tore my eyes from the little boy and looked at Charlie. 
“Who are you talking to?” His eyes were clouded with confusion. 
I held his eyes for a moment and then glanced over his shoulder at the others. They weren’t hiding their confusion or curiosity either. 
I slid my eyes back to Charlie’s and then down to his chest. If I was going to tell them. Tell him. I couldn’t see the revulsion in his eyes. 
I licked my suddenly dry lips. “A boy.” My voice cracked. “There’s a little boy standing beside me.” 
Silence. 
“A boy?” Charlie asked. 
“Yes.” 
“Hildy, what’s going on?” Lizzy asked. “You’re scaring me.” 
I was going to lose them. Our friendship had just begun, and I had only a taste of what it meant to be a part of a group and I was going to lose it. Lose them. It was cruel. 
“How do you know there’s a little boy here?” Oliver asked. 
“Did you hit your head?” Cooper fired his own question at me. 
Charlie whirled on them. “Back off, guys. Give her a minute to think.” 
Even in the face of insanity, he was still a gentleman. And too bad I didn’t need a minute to think. 
“There’s a little boy living in this place.” 
“As in, living here because he’s homeless?” Charlie asked. 
I closed my eyes and shook my head. Took a deep breath and mustered the courage to open my eyes and face their judgement. “No, living here because he died here.” 
Charlie’s eyes widened, and he took a step back from me. 
That was all it took, him taking that one step in retreat. Hot tears welled in my eyes and I desperately tried to blink them away. I didn’t want to break. Not here. Not now. I was already too vulnerable, standing here in front of them on the precipice of baring my all. I had to be strong for a little while longer and then I could break. 
While his brother retreated, Cooper took a tentative step forward until he stood next to Charlie. Both of their gazes were glued to me, their eyes unreadable. “Explain, please.” 
Lizzy and Oliver stepped to the other side of Charlie and they formed a semi-circle around me. I was caged in and I could no longer hide from who I was. 
“They can’t see me?” The boy asked. 
I shook my head, my eyes darting from one set of eyes to the next, trying to gauge their reactions to my bombshell. “They can’t see you.” 
My eyes landed on Charlie. His shock had worn off and his eyes were now guarded, probably deciding how far over the line of crazy I was at. 
“They didn’t know you could see me? People like me.” 
“No,” I whispered. 
His ice-cold hand wrapped around mine causing me to jump in surprise. I glanced down to see his pale hand holding mine and my eyes shot to his face. He gave me a little grin and his hand tightened in mine. I hadn’t expected it. Empathy from this child. Maybe it was because, in this moment, we were the same. Both of us lost and teetering on the edge of broken. We were kindred spirits. 
“Hildy?” Lizzy called my name gently. 
I looked back at them. 
“Can you tell us what’s happening here?” 
“Do you want the short or long version?” I asked, my voice void of all emotion. It was better this way. That I put up a brave front, so they wouldn’t know how much their rejection wounded me. 
“Which ever version you would like to tell us,” Oliver said, his voice as gentle as Lizzy’s. 
Charlie remained silent. I found my eyes going back to him, hoping he would give me some sign, anything, of what he was feeling. He gave me nothing. His face remained neutral and it was killing me. We had only known each other a short time, but somehow his opinion meant everything to me. 
I looked down at my feet, gathering my courage to say what needed to be said. When I had accomplished this, steeled my resolve against what would happen in the next few minutes, I lifted my eyes. “I can see and communicate with people who have died. Ghosts. I don’t know how it’s possible, I just know every woman in my family has this ability. I saw my first ghost when I was thirteen. My elderly neighbor. I freaked out and that was when my gran explained everything to me.” I wrung my hands as I waited for them to respond. 
Lizzy took a step toward me. “Nobody knows you can do this?” 
I shook my head. “My mom didn’t want me to tell anyone. She was worried about what people might think of me, and now I see she was right.” I threw my hand out, gesturing to their faces. “I’ve never had anyone I wanted to share this part of my life with. I was never close enough with anyone to want that. Then I met you guys, and maybe it was just wishful thinking on my part, but I thought we connected, that maybe I had found a group of people who I could be myself with.” I met Charlie’s eyes. “But I was wrong. It hurts seeing how you’re looking at me.” I dropped my eyes to the floor and wrapped my arms around my middle. “We should have never come here. I shouldn’t have come here.” 
Charlie moved closer. “Why? Because it put you in the position to finally share who you are with someone else?” 
My head jerked up. “What?” 
“You heard me.” He shook his head. “You shouldn’t have to hide who you really are, Hildy. We all need someone we can share our burdens with and I’m sorry you haven’t had that until now.” 
Until now? He said until now. That meant he didn’t think I was completely crazy. 
“You believe me?” 
The corner of his mouth tipped up. “Yeah, I do.” 
“But why?” 
He outright smiled at that. “Would you rather I didn’t?” 
I found myself smiling back at him. “No, it’s just that I thought you wouldn’t.” 
“It’s called faith, Hildy. People can surprise you sometimes. It was a shock, and I needed time to process everything, but I believe in you.” 
That was a really good answer. 
I gave him a grateful smile, and then looked at the others. “What about you guys?” 
Lizzy bit her lip. “You have to admit it sounds pretty unbelievable.” 
“It does,” I replied. 
“And before coming here I absolutely, one hundred percent, did not believe in ghosts, but I have seen some pretty unbelievable things tonight. Things that aren’t easily explained. So, yes. I believe you, Hildy.” 
“Thank you,” I whispered. 
She gave me a wobbly smile. 
Cooper threw his arms open wide. “You don’t have to convince me, kiddo. I already came here a firm believer in things that go bump in the night.” 
I laughed. “I should have known you would be on my side.” 
He crossed his arms over his chest and grinned. 
Then we shifted our attention to Oliver. I could tell he was skeptical about my revelation. 
“I want to believe you, Hildy. I just can’t wrap my head around it though.” 
“You mean you don’t have a rational explanation about everything you’ve seen and heard tonight,” Cooper said. 
Oliver glanced at him. “I don’t know what to believe.” 
I looked down at the boy. If it hadn’t been for his cold grip on my hand, I would have forgotten about him. He was already looking at me. “What’s your name?” 
“Teddy.” 
I smiled at him. “Teddy, do you think you can do me a favor?” 
“I’ll try my best.” 
“Can you go hold Oliver’s hand?” 
“What?” Oliver squeaked. 
I turned to look at him. “He won’t hurt you.” 
He didn’t look like he believed me. 
I glanced back down. “Do you think you can do that for me, Teddy?” 
He nodded and let go of my hand. I watched him move closer to Oliver who looked ready to pass out. 
Teddy reached out and grabbed Oliver’s hand. Oliver jolted from the shock of cold and the fact he could feel the much smaller hand curl around his. His eyes jerked down to his hand and then back to me. 
“How?” 
“It’s real. Teddy’s real.” 
Oliver stared down at his hand while nodding. “It is real. I can’t believe it. This is really happening.” 
“Can I?” Lizzy asked, searching the area around Oliver and holding her hand out. 
Teddy released Oliver’s hand and turned to look at me as he moved closer to Lizzy. “She’s pretty.” He put a hand over his mouth and giggled. 
I smiled and told her, “He thinks you’re pretty.” 
Lizzy smiled as Teddy stopped in front of her and placed his palm against her outstretched one. She gasped, her wide eyes shooting up to mine. “I can feel him, so why can’t I see him?” 
“Sometimes they don’t have enough energy to project themselves. Most low-level spirits like Teddy here can make objects move and are able to make contact with people through touch, but they can’t physically manifest.” 
“Interesting,” Oliver mumbled. 
Teddy released Lizzy’s hand and moved toward Charlie. 
“Charlie?” I pointed in front of him. 
He swallowed nervously and lifted his hand out. It was shaking. 
“He looks at you like my papa used to look at Mama,” Teddy said, and I flushed scarlet.
I didn’t answer him, but I was glad the others couldn’t hear him. 
“Amazing,” Charlie said as Teddy let go of his hand and moved on to Cooper. 
Cooper’s hand was already held out in front of him and he was practically bouncing on his feet. When Teddy connected their palms, Cooper looked like a kid in a candy store. For a minute there I worried he might pass out from the excitement. “This is so freaking cool!” 
I laughed, and Teddy glanced at me over his shoulder and grinned. 
“So, what do we do now?” Cooper asked, still looking down at his hand. 
I pushed away from the wall and knelt down, so I was eye level with Teddy. He let go of Cooper’s hand and looked at me, the sadness returning to his eyes. 
“Can you tell me what happened to you?” 
He scuffed his bare foot on the floor and looked down. 
“Teddy?” 
He glanced back up without lifting his head, and a tear ran down his sooty face. 
“I want to help you, but in order to do that I need you to talk to me.” 
He nodded pitifully, his bottom lip trembling, but he spoke, “I was here visiting my mama. She was getting better so they let me stay with her because Papa was coming back in the morning to get us. I was supposed to stay with her, but I snuck out of the room that night to get some ice cream from the kitchen. Cook had promised some to me if I was a good boy, and I was. I listened all day. I had just finished eating when I heard this awful sound. I ran back toward my mama’s room, but I didn’t make it. People were running everywhere, and I couldn’t breathe. The hall where my mama’s room was at was orange. I got knocked to the floor and I hit my head. That’s the last thing I remember.” 
I closed my eyes, fighting back the pain I felt for this little boy. I was thankful he didn’t have any memories beyond that. It could have been much worse for him. 
I looked up, catching Charlie’s eyes first. “He died in the fire. Teddy was staying with his Mom, they were going home the next day.” 
“That’s horrible,” Lizzy said, her hand pressing to her mouth. 
“What can we do for him?” Cooper asked. He looked almost as upset as Lizzy. 
I shifted my attention to Teddy. “Why are you still here, Teddy? Why didn’t you move on?” 
“Because my mama’s still here. I can hear her calling for me, but I can’t reach her.” 
The pieces came together then. Teddy was stuck in the main house because this was where he died, while his mother was stuck in the east wing because that’s where she had passed away. The sealed east wing. 
“Can you help me find her?” There was such hope in his voice. Longing. 
I nodded. “I’ll do everything I can.” 
He gave me a little smile, swiping at the tears on his face. 
I stood and took a deep breath. “Cooper, do you know if there is a way to get in the east wing?” 
He rubbed his jaw, thinking. “It could be risky. They sealed it pretty tight, but there may be a way in. It might be a pretty tight squeeze though.” 
I guess it was a good thing I was a tiny person. “Show me.” 


CHAPTER TEN




We stood in front of the boarded-up entrance to the east wing which was a long hallway that held administrative offices and around thirty patient rooms. Many of those patients died the night of the fire, including Teddy’s mom. 
Lizzy and I stood back while the guys stared at the archway and the wood that barred our entry. Oliver provided the light and Teddy stood beside me holding my hand and watching as the guys tried to find a way in. 
Cooper reached out and touched the boards, giving one section a little pull that caused the wood to groan under his hand. 
“What are you thinking, Coop?” Charlie asked him. 
“I’m thinking I might be able to pull a section of this wood away big enough for Hildy to crawl through.” 
“Just Hildy?” 
Cooper paused and looked over his shoulder at Charlie. “Yeah, is that going to be a problem?” 
“I just think she shouldn’t go alone,” Charlie replied. 
Cooper’s lips twitched. “And we all know why you think that.” 
Charlie rumbled something back to his brother, but in a low voice where we wouldn’t hear.
 Cooper’s eyes still twinkled, but he gave him a chin lift and turned back around. “I think this is the weakest spot.” He pressed onto a portion of the wood about halfway to the top. It groaned under his weight. “Charlie can you help me? We want to make this look natural instead of forced entry.” 
“I mean, we already have breaking and entering against us, what’s a little destruction of property?” Lizzy snorted.  
I pressed a hand against my mouth to hide my smile when Cooper turned and glared at her. Lizzy waved her flashlight at him.
He looked at Charlie. “Ready?” 
“Yep,” Charlie answered, curling his fingers under the wood. 
“One, two, three,” Cooper grunted out the last as they peeled the wood back. 
They stepped back and there was my way in, a hole barely large enough for me to fit into. 
Charlie set the piece of wood on the floor and turned to me.  “Are you sure you want to do this?” 
I looked down at Teddy who was already looking up at me. I gave his tiny hand a squeeze and took a step forward. “Yeah, I’m sure.” 
“Okay, so we’re going to lift you through the hole here and attempt to set you down on the other side in one piece,” Cooper said. 
“Attempt?” 
He shrugged. “Things happen.” 
Charlie punched Cooper in the shoulder and he laughed. 
I chose to ignore Cooper and looked down at Teddy. “I’ll bring her back to you.” 
“Thank you, Miss Hildy,” he whispered. 
Cooper stepped up to the hole they had made and shined his light into it. He stood on his toes and craned his head to look down at the floor. “I don’t see anything that might hurt you on the way in.” He raised up and looked at Oliver. “While me and Charlie guide her in, I’m going to need you to hold your flashlight and try to give us as much light as possible.” 
Oliver nodded, but he looked like he was going to pass out again. The poor guy was way out of his element, but he stepped closer to the hole and shined his light inside. 
Charlie’s hand slid along my back and he bent, scooping me up against his chest. “You can still change your mind.” His eyes didn’t leave the dark hallway I was about to crawl into. 
I curled an arm around his neck. “Charlie, look at me.” 
His jaw clenched, but he turned his head to meet my eyes. His worry was evident, but there was also some other emotion that I couldn’t quite get a read on. 
“I’ll be fine. In and out. That’s all there is to it.” 
“I’m starting to see nothing is simple when it comes to you,” he replied. 
I didn’t have anything to say to that. At least nothing I wanted to dive into at the present moment. Whatever this was happening between us would have to wait. 
Cooper came to the other side and grabbed my legs to help ease them through the small opening. Oliver closed in at our backs and shined his light above us while Charlie continued to stare at me for a beat until it finally sunk in that I was not backing out. With a sigh of resignation, he shifted closer to the opening. 
I glanced back at Teddy who was standing off to the side looking nervous. “I’ll be back soon, okay?” He gave me a shaky nod. 
Cooper guided my feet through, knocking one of my ankles against the side of the wood and I hissed at the contact. 
“Easy,” Charlie growled at his brother. 
“Sorry, Hildy. I’m nervous as hell right now.” 
“It’s okay, Cooper. You didn’t hurt me.” 
At a much slower pace, Cooper continued guiding my feet through until my legs disappeared into the darkness and my hips rested against the wood. 
“Please be careful, Hildy,” Lizzy called from behind me. 
“I will, Liz!” 
“You promise?” She squeaked out. 
I huffed out a laugh, seriously starting to panic a little at the thought of what I was doing. “I promise.” 
Cooper grabbed his flashlight from his back pocket and shined it through the opening. “Are your feet touching the floor?” 
I strained my legs and the toe of one of my shoes grazed it. “Not yet, but almost.” 
“Damn. I really underestimated your size.” 
“Happens all the time,” I grunted. 
He laughed. “That means coming out will be a little tricky.” 
“Can we focus on getting her in first?” Charlie asked through clenched teeth. 
“Right,” he answered. “Ready?” 
Staring into the darkness, I nodded. 
With his jaw still clenched, Charlie held me as I wiggled my hips through the narrow opening and my feet touched the floor. My back was bent and I kind of panicked for a moment at the thought of getting stuck, but I managed to put aside my fear and glided straight through to the other side. 
“Careful,” Charlie murmured as I ducked my head under the wood. 
I landed in a crouch and then stood on shaky legs, staring into the darkness of the east wing.  

CHAPTER ELEVEN




I let my eyes adjust for a moment and then turned and saw everyone gathered around the hole in the doorway. They looked worried. Scared. Even Cooper had replaced his easy going smile with a frown. 
“Here,” Charlie said, passing my flashlight to me. “Be safe.” 
“Okay,” I said a bit shakily, reaching out and grasping the handle of the flashlight. Charlie’s thumb swept across my hand in a caress before letting go.
I gave them a small nod and turned my light on, then spun on my heel and faced the long hall stretched out in front of me. The long, dark hall. My stomach was in knots, but I swallowed past the lump lodged in my throat and pushed through my burgeoning fear. 
I took that first tentative step forward, and then another. A third one. And another, until I had put quite a bit of distance between me and my friends. Teddy had told me he remembered his mom’s room being somewhere in the middle, right past a supply closet. 
I moved slowly. They had boarded this place up for a reason and I didn’t want to find out why. I shoved thoughts of me falling through the floor out of my mind and swept my light around the hall. All the rooms were on the right side of the hall and a long row of what used to be windows were on the left. They were boarded up much like the opening of the wing, except the boards were in worse condition. Pieces were scattered on the dusty floor and the light of the moon was spilling into the hallway in spots. 
I shined my light into each room I passed, not wanting to miss where I was supposed to start looking. A couple more steps and my light hit a room that was much smaller than the other rooms. It had to be the closet Teddy had mentioned which meant I was close. 
The light from my flashlight hit the room next door, and I paused in the doorway. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. I took a step in, shining my light all around. The room was smallish and there wasn’t much left of it from the fire. A thick layer of dust flew up in the air on my next step and I waved it away. Like the other rooms there was no furniture, only a barren room with bad memories. 
I backed out of the room and moved to the next one. Same thing. It was empty of furniture and spirits. And so were the next two. 
I was nearing the end of the hall, and I was starting to panic. What was I going to tell Teddy if I couldn’t find his mom? I promised that little boy I would do everything in my power to reunite them and I meant it. But I didn’t know how I was going to do that if she wasn’t here. 
I turned a circle in the room I was in, sweeping my light from floor to ceiling. And then a crashing sound came from the room next door. I froze. 
The sound came again. 
I rushed toward the open door and only slowed when I neared the next room. My heart pounded as I pressed against the wall and cautiously peered through the opening. I didn’t know what to expect, but another empty room wasn’t it. 
Confused, I stepped inside. There was nothing here. Frustration welled inside me. I took another step forward and then another, before stopping to listen. I closed my eyes, hoping, praying that I would hear something. For Teddy’s sake. 
But all was quiet. 
The only sound that filled the room was my breathing. And I could have cried. 
I took a deep breath and slowly let it out. The only thing I could do was search the rest of the rooms and then go back through them again. 
I turned around and there she was, mere inches separating our faces. 
I screamed. It was a reflex. 
Distantly, I heard my name being yelled. 
She was burned. Severely. Her flesh was blackened, and her clothes hung in tatters on her body. Her features were unrecognizable, all except her eyes. They were Teddy’s eyes staring back at me, and they were filled with anguish. 
“Have you seen my son?” She asked. Her voice was roughened, scratchy. “I can’t find my son.” 
I closed my eyes for a beat, a sigh of relief leaving my lips, and then nodded. “I have seen, Teddy.” 
“Teddy,” she whispered. 
“Yes, he’s been looking for you too. For a long time now.” 
A sob escaped her throat. “I have no sense of time. It feels as though I have been searching for a lifetime, but then again, it seems like I only say him yesterday.” 
That was normal. For spirits to lose all sense of time. And also heartbreaking in situations like these. 
“What’s your name?” I asked. 
“Elsie. My name is Elsie.” 
“I’m Hildy and I can take you to him,” I whispered, because that was all I could do in the face of her devastation and hope. 
She only nodded, too overcome with her own emotions. 
I walked toward the door. “This way.” 
We moved out of the room and walked down the hall side by side. 
“Do you remember what happened to you?” I asked her. 
“Yes, in a way. I recall the fire and how panicked everyone was. And then my own fear when I realized Teddy wasn’t with me. I had never been more afraid. I tried to run out of my room, but a beam fell over my door, blocking me in. The last thing I remember is screaming for Teddy and then darkness.” 
“I’m so sorry this happened to you. To both of you.” I glanced over at her. “You didn’t deserve this.” 
She met my eyes. “There is a lot of horrible things in this world, but one thing I will never take for granted was the time I had with those I loved.” 
I smiled. That was a beautiful sentiment to have, especially from someone who had endured years of separation from her child. Who had been so close to him but was unable to reach him. 
I looked ahead. We were getting close. Light from the main house poured in from the opening I had crawled through. 
I pointed toward the light spilling out. “You see that light up ahead?” 
“Yes,” she answered. 
“That’s where Teddy is.” 
Another sob. “He’s been so close to me this whole time. Why couldn’t we find our way to each other?” 
“Sometimes, spirits can get stuck in the same space they died. If they don’t have enough energy built up, they won’t be able to move from place to place like some can.” 
“Mama!” Teddy cried. 
I saw blond curls through the opening and then a pair of baby blues as he jumped up and down. 
“Teddy!” Elsie yelled, zooming ahead of me. 
I came up behind her just as she reached for the little hand that shot through to grab hers. They connected, both crying, and all the years they had been apart vanished. 
Her burnt flesh faded, and she became whole. Pale skin, white nightgown, and long blonde curls like Teddy’s replaced what had once been. 
Tears streamed down her face as she turned to look at me, still holding Teddy’s hand in hers. “Thank you, Hildy. Thank you.” 
“Your welcome,” I said as tears formed in my eyes. 
“Can we go home now, Mama?” Teddy asked. 
A burst of energy zipped through the air unlike any I had ever experienced. It traveled over my skin and around the room. 
“What is that, Mama?” Teddy asked in an awestruck voice. 
Elsie gasped. “Home, Teddy. That’s home.” 
I couldn’t see what they were looking at, but from the energy floating in the room, it was magnificent. They both stared upwards from either side of the door. Another flash of energy and I heard the others gasp and someone uttered a curse, my guess was Cooper. 
Elsie turned and offered me one last smile and slowly vanished from sight. 
I looked to Teddy who was already giving me one of his little grins. “Goodbye, Miss Hildy!” With one final wave, he was gone. 
And mother and son were finally together again. Forever. 

CHAPTER TWELVE




I stood staring at the ceiling for a few moments, tears flowing down my face from what I had witnessed.  
“Are you staying in there all night, Hildy?” Cooper called. 
I shifted my eyes to the opening and found Cooper peering in at me. “I thought about it.” 
He threw his head back and laughed before pinning me with mischievous eyes. “You might have gotten rid of the ghosts that lived in this place, but what about the rats?” 
I darted toward the opening on a girlie shriek. “Get me out of here!” 
“That’s what I thought,” Cooper said. 
I heard a smacking sound followed by another laugh from Cooper, and then he vanished as Charlie shoved him out of the way. 
“You good?” 
I curled my hands around the wood. “I’ll be better when I’m back on the other side.” 
He gave me a crooked little grin and one of his dimples flashed at me. And like I was wont to do when he smiled at me, I turned into a puddle of goo and lost all train of thought. It was the dimples. 
Shaking myself out of my Charlie fog, I asked, “How exactly am I supposed to get back to the other side?” 
Charlie’s brow furrowed. “Is there anywhere you can get a foothold in?” 
I glanced down, shining my light at the bottom boards. There was a little notch on one of them I might could fit my tippy toes on, but not for very long. I looked up at Charlie. “There is, but we’ll have to be quick because I don’t know how long I can stand on it.” 
“Okay, as soon as you get up on it, stick your head and hands through and we’ll pull you out.” 
“You make it sound so simple.” 
He chuckled, which was nice too. “Let’s just hope it is.” 
I looked to where my light was still shining on the piece of wood. “Here I go,” I said, stepping up. 
And luckily for me, something did go the way we planned it tonight. I stepped up and moved my upper body toward the opening. My hands went through first and they were grabbed. Next came my head, which I prayed wouldn’t get stuck or bonked. When my shoulders made it through, and just before my toes felt like they were going to break if I stood on the wood any longer, I was hauled to the other side by Charlie and Cooper and found myself lying against the hard planes of Charlie James’ chest. 
I looked up at him and he smiled down at me. “Hi.” 
“Well, I’m all tuckered out now,” Cooper said, interrupting whatever Charlie had been about to say.  
Charlie cleared his throat and gently sat me down. His hands remained wrapped around my upper arms until he was sure I wouldn’t face plant the floor before he stepped away. 
Then I was enveloped in Lizzy’s arms. “I’m so glad you’re okay. That was the most amazing thing I have ever seen.” 
I pushed away from her. “Wait. You guys saw that?” 
“Yeah,” Charlie answered. “But I think just the end of it. A little boy and a woman were holding hands, he said goodbye to you, and then they were gone.” He paused, shaking his head. “I’ve never seen anything like it before.” 
“Yay for not being totally insane, right?” I tried to make a joke. 
Charlie didn’t think it was funny. “We never thought you were insane.” His eyes turned stormy. “I never did. You’re different, Hildy. And different isn’t always bad.” 
Cooper clapped his hands. “And on that note, shall we retire to the sitting room then?” 
Charlie’s eyes bored into mine until Lizzy tugged on my arm, pulling me behind her and after Cooper. I could feel Charlie close on my heels, along with the weight of his stare. 
We trailed Cooper and walked silently to where we had left our bags in the front room. 
I was exhausted, and I figured everyone else was too. It had been a long night. 
We sat against the far wall and passed around water and snacks. Charlie and Cooper strategically propped our flashlights up, so we could have some light while we ate. And then we settled in. 
Cooper and Oliver sat huddled around Lizzy, and they talked quietly amongst themselves. Every now and then Lizzy would smack Cooper’s shoulder and he would laugh. 
Charlie sat not far from his brother, but closer to me than to him. He would glance over every few minutes and I would avoid his stare. I didn’t know what he wanted from me. What to say to him. 
I had chosen to sit farther down the wall, so I could have some time to myself. The adrenaline had left me, and I was wiped out, but still nervous that maybe they would change their minds about me. 
When Cooper had declared he was starving, I had passed my backpack to him. He dug around and passed out the snacks, keeping most of them for himself. Somehow, a water bottle had ended up in my hands, but I hadn’t taken more than a few sips. Tonight had taken an emotional toll on me. It was a success, reuniting Elsie and Teddy, but it almost felt like a loss too. I had lost my safety net, and now I was vulnerable. People knew about me. They knew my secret. It was out there in the world, and all I could think about was how they might be okay with it for now, while we were here in the moment, but what about in the morning when they’ve had time to think about it? What if they told my secret? There were so many uncertainties in my future, and I had no idea how I was going to handle them. 
Charlie nudged my shoulder with his, jerking me from my thoughts. “Do you wanna share my honeybun?” His long legs stretched out not far from where mine were crossed. 
My eyes went to his. “What?” 
The corner of his mouth lifted in a grin and he waved his half-eaten honeybun at me. 
I shook my head. “I’m not that hungry.” 
He narrowed his eyes at me, his lips twitching with his effort not to laugh. “You must not be a true connoisseur of honeybuns then.” He took a big bite and closed his eyes, making a humming noise. “This is the best honeybun I’ve ever tasted,” he said with his mouth full. 
I rolled my eyes and he gave me a little grin, offering me his honeybun again. 
I grabbed it from his hands and took a big bite from the opposite side. He went to reach for it and I pulled it away from his grasp and took one more bite before passing it back to him.
“I knew you were the real deal,” he said, shoving the last of it into his mouth. 
I unscrewed the cap on my water and took a sip, and then another. 
“Are you going to tell me why you’re sitting over here all alone?”
Caught off guard by his question, I choked on my water. And then turned to him with wide eyes. “What?” 
“Come on, Hildy.” He tilted his head in the direction of the others. “They might let you get away with being withdrawn, but I’m not going to. A lot happened tonight, and I’m guessing it’s going to take some getting used to for you,” his voice gentled, “having people know your secret.” 
I swallowed, unable to look away from him, and nodded. 
He leaned closer. “I know you’re afraid, but you can trust us, Hildy. We’re not going to betray you. You didn’t make a mistake sharing with us. Your secret though, it’s yours. This gift, ability, whatever you want to call it. It’s yours in every way. So, you get to make all the decisions with this thing. You decide who to tell, what to do with it. You and nobody else.” He looked down and I followed his gaze to see his hand reaching for mine. He linked our hands, our fingers twining. I glanced up and saw him already watching me, a slight smile on his face. “Thank you for trusting me with this. Any way I can help, any way at all, I’ll do it. Never hesitate to ask.” 
Without thinking, I blurted, “What’s going on here?” 
His eyes warmed and he gave my hand a squeeze. “I’d say we’re getting to know each other.” 
I glanced down at our joined hands and then back up at him, arching a brow. “This seems a little advanced for the getting to know each other phase.” 
He laughed, shaking his head. “It might be, but let’s just say, I really want to get to know you.” He smiled, those damn dimples making an appearance. 
I didn’t know what else to say, so I mumbled “Okay.” 
“Okay,” he repeated. 
“And thank you,” I said. 
He tilted his head to the side, his eyes roaming my face. “For what?” 
I gave his hand a squeeze. “For accepting me for who I am.” 
The corner of his mouth kicked up. “Well that’s easy. You’re pretty awesome, Hildy McKay.” 
I nudged his knee with mine. “You’re not too bad yourself, Charlie James.” 
Cooper stood and stretched his arms above his head and moved closer to where me and Charlie sat. “I’ll set an alarm, so we are up and gone before the first round of guards get here in the morning.”  
“Sounds like a plan, bro,” Charlie said.
I glanced over to Lizzy and Oliver and gave them a little wave goodnight. Liz, who was already laying on Oliver’s shoulder, gave me a finger wave and gestured toward Charlie, lifting her brows so I caught her meaning. We would be talking later. I rolled my eyes and she laughed, whispering something to Oliver who looked over at us too. He gave a little smile and nodded at me. 
“What’s going on?” Cooper asked, plopping down next to Lizzy. 
Before Lizzy could get Cooper involved in whatever she was scheming over there, I called, “Goodnight!”
“Goodnight you guys,” Lizzy said, giving Charlie a pointed looked. 
 He ignored her and scooted closer to me, his leg pressing up against mine. “Here,” he said, putting an arm around me. “You can lay on me.” 
“Thanks,” I said, settling in against his shoulder. 
He was warm, and I was so comfortable snuggled up next to him, that before I knew it, I was out.
And it seemed my eyes had just closed when the blaring sound of an alarm woke me what felt like seconds later. I peeled my eyes open to the groans of Lizzy and Cooper, who turns out are not morning people. Oliver was already packing his bag up and standing to stretch. 
I lifted my eyes to Charlie to find him sleepily staring down at me. He looked adorable with sleepy eyes and tousled hair.
“Good morning,” he rumbled. 
“Good morning.”
“Did you sleep well?” 
I nodded. And surprisingly it was the truth. 
“Guys, we have to get going. We don’t have a large window of time before the guards are here,” Cooper said. 
Charlie climbed to his feet and offered me a hand up. He pulled me to my feet and grabbed both of our bags and slung them over his shoulder. 
“What time is it?” Lizzy groaned. 
“Early,” Cooper replied. 
We trudged out of the room and to the front door. Cooper looked at us and we all held our breath as he tried the door. It swung open and we hurried down the front porch and then the driveway. We made it to the gates just as Cooper had planned. They started opening and a truck pulled in. We hid behind one of the trees, giggling like a bunch of school kids at the thrill of almost getting caught. When the truck had disappeared farther down the lane, we darted out the gate and to the safety of the sidewalk. 
“That was close,” Cooper laughed. 
“Almost too close,” Oliver muttered. 
Cooper slapped him on the back. “You’re with us now, bud. That means it’s time to live a little.” 
“Yippee,” he deadpanned. 
“Anybody hungry?” Cooper asked.  
“Pancakes!” We yelled at the same time and laughed again. 
“I know a place,” Cooper said.
He turned and started up the sidewalk, with Oliver not far behind. A chattering Lizzy raced to catch up with them. 
Charlie gently knocked me with his shoulder. “So, how did you find our second date?” 
I laughed. “On a scale of one to ten I would say it was a solid eight.”
“Wait until our third.” 
“First pizza, and then a haunted house. I can’t imagine what our third date will be like.” I giggled. 
“How do you feel about pancakes?” He offered me his arm. 
I smiled up at him and looped my arm through his.
And then we went and ate pancakes.






About the Author
Alley McCall grew up in Hackleburg, Alabama. She was raised in a large family, with four siblings, and parents who encouraged her to always follow her dreams. She moved to Tuscaloosa for a while to pursue a degree in History and English from The University of Alabama. After graduation, she returned to her small town where she currently works as a preschool teacher by day and aspiring indie author by night. 








Connect with Alley on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Alley-McCall

Follow Alley on Twitter: @AlleyMcCall

Follow Alley on Instagram: @alleymccall

Email: authoralleymccall@gmail.com











Acknowledgements
First, I would like to thank God for allowing me to pursue my dream of writing. 
I wouldn’t be on this journey without the love and support from my family, especially my parents who have been with me every step of the way. It’s because of their continuous support that I am able to live out my dream of writing and I could never thank them enough for that. You guys rock!
 I also couldn’t thank my siblings, Heather, Holly, Emily, Aubrey, and Will, enough for all they do for me. Their love and support has meant so much to me. Thank you for listening to me drone on and on about my books. I love you guys!
To my Aunt Tina, who is one of my biggest fans. Thank you for sharing my book with people and telling others to read my books. I love you!
And to everyone who has took a chance on me and read one of my books, thank you so much! I could never express the amount of gratitude I feel toward you. From the bottom of my heart, thank you!
Other Titles by Alley McCall:

Dark Soul 
Dark Confessions
