

DARK WALTZ

A Praestani Novel

A. M. Hargrove


Dark Waltz
Copyright © 2014 A.M. Hargrove
Smashwords Edition 
All Rights Reserved
No part of the book may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database retrieval system without the prior written permission of the Author. You must not circulate this book in any format. Thank you for respecting the rights of the Author.  This is a work of fiction. All names, characters, places, and incidents are a product of the Author’s overactive imagination. Any resemblance of characters to actual persons living or dead is purely coincidental.

Table of Contents

Acknowledgements
Note From The Author
Other Books by A.M. Hargrove
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Preview from Death Waltz


Acknowledgements

Thank you family! You rock my socks every day. I’d also like to thank my beta readers. Without you, I’d be lost. Many hearts to you all. And thank you Jenn Nunez for editing this. I hug you, too. Most importantly, I’d like to thank my readers. Without you, I wouldn’t be doing this, my dream job. 
A Note From The Author

Dark Waltz was born from one of my other series, The Guardians of Vesturon. After I wrote Determinant, Book 3 in that series, I knew I needed to give Jurek his own story. If you would like to read the back story of the Guardians, I suggest that series. Be warned though, they are young adult/new adult and are safe for younger readers. 
Death Waltz, the long awaited conclusion to Dark Waltz, will be available late December 2014. 

Other Books by A. M. Hargrove

The Guardians of Vesturon Series:
Survival, Book 1
Resurrection, Book 2
Determinant, Book 3
reEmergent, Book 4
Dark Waltz, A Praestani Novel
Death Waltz, A Praestani Novel (December 2014)

The Edge Series:
Edge of Disaster
Shattered Edge
Kissing Fire

The Tragic Series:
Tragically Flawed, Tragic 1
Tragic Desires, Tragic 2

The Hart Brothers Series
Freeing Her, Book 1
Freeing Him, Book 2
Kestrel, Book 3 (expected release Early March 2015) 

Exquisite Betrayal



For more information about A. M. Hargrove and her upcoming book releases, please visit her at:

www.amhargrove.com
www.twitter.com/amhargrove1
www.facebook.com/AMHargroveAuthor
www.facebook.com/anne.m.hargrove
www.goodreads.com/amhargrove1

You can contact her at annie@amhargrove.com
Dark Waltz
Music Written and composed by
Matteo Saggese, Umberto Morasca and Frank Musker ©

We are the lucky ones
We shine like a thousand suns
When all of the color runs together

I’ll keep you company
In one glorious harmony
Waltzing with destiny forever

Dance me into the night
Underneath the moon shining so bright
Turning me into the light

Time dances whirling past
I gaze through the looking glass
And feel just beyond my grasp is heaven

Sacred geometry
Where movement is poetry
Visions of you and me forever

Dance me into the night
Underneath the moon shining so bright
Turning me into the light

Let the dark waltz begin
Oh let me wheel - let me spin
Let it take me again
Turning me into the light
Chapter 1


The Planet Vesturon, 2030

Sarah turned her head as she heard footsteps approach.
“Well?” she asked the Guardian as he came to a halt in front of her.
“I think you may have something here.”
“Go on.”
“I have accessed all of Thomas’ Guardian records via the official CompSys and they’ve been wiped clean. It’s as if your brother never existed.”
“What?  That’s impossible!” Sarah jumped to her feet and came nose to nose with Shandro Tellus.
“Please Sarah, you need to remain calm.  If you can’t, I’ll be compelled to use my Power of Tranquility on you.  I, more than anyone, realize the disappearance of his documents is highly irregular.”
“Don’t you dare use your Vesturion Powers on me. I don’t need to be lulled into a false sense of security right now.  And you call this ‘irregular?’  You have got to be kidding me, Shandro.  People don’t just disappear out of the CompSys.  I knew it. I just knew it!”  Sarah began pacing, her mind spinning with all sorts of horrific scenarios.
Shandro reached out for her arm, but she snatched it out of his grasp.
“So help me, Shandro.  Don’t you dare put me under your spell!  You damn Vesturions and your supernatural Powers,” she spat, giving him a nasty look.  “For months I’ve had my suspicions but no one would give me any answers.  I knew Tommy wouldn’t just disappear and not say anything to me.  But why the cover-up?  What do you think is going on?”
Shandro shook his head and massaged the back of his neck.
“I can’t say.  I can’t even hazard a guess.  Whatever it is, it goes all the way to the top.”  He looked at her knowingly.
“Are you saying, ‘The top,’ as in The Yarristers?  Rowan Yarrister, and his sons, Rayn, Rykerian, Xarrid and Tesslar?  The Great Leader, Rowan Yarrister, of the planet Vesturon, king of top?  The Leader of the Universal Free Rule king of top?”  The Universal Free Rule, or UFR, was the ruling entity of the universe, the one that maintained order and ensured freedom for all life forms everywhere.
Sarah narrowed her eyes as she fumed, “What the hell are you trying to tell me Shandro?  Are you saying that my brother-in-law, Rykerian’s family is involved in Tommy’s disappearance?  And that my sister January probably knows something about this?  Because if that’s the case, I’m marching over there right now and we’re going to have a come to Jesus meeting over all of this!”
“Calm down Sarah or I’m leaving here and not coming back.  I’ve risked my position over this and possibly compromised the safety of several of the Guardians who report to me to get this information.  If you confront your sister and her husband, this whole thing will blow up in our faces and we’ll never find out anything.  Do you honestly think they will admit to knowing a thing?  Think about it!  Use your bloody head!”
Sarah fidgeted with the buttons on her jacket and realized Shandro had a valid point.  As a Guardian of Vesturon himself, he had risked a great deal to help her.  She had been to Rykerian and January’s several times over Tommy’s disappearance to no avail.  What made her think they would tell her anything now?
“You’re right...as usual.  So what now?”
Shandro was by her side in a flash.  Of course, he was a Vesturion, and aside from being impossibly good looking, they had all sorts of supernatural Powers, one of them being Speed. Yeah, he was an alien and all, but he was a fine specimen of one, if she did say so herself. He put his hands on her shoulders and said, “Let me think about this for a day or so.  See what I can come up with.  Perhaps I can find something they didn’t wipe out.  We know where he was before he disappeared.  Maybe there’s a link to someone who saw him last.”
He moved his fingers and lifted her chin.  For as long as he could remember, he had loved her.  She was his best friend’s sister, so he had said nothing, but had harbored his feelings in silence.  It pained him to see her hurting the way she had been these last months.  He knew how close Tommy and Sarah were.  He would stop at nothing to help her find him.
Sarah promised herself that she wasn’t going to cry.  It was so hard to hold back all the tears, but when Shandro smiled at her she couldn’t help but smile back.  She knew that what he felt for her was far deeper than her feelings for him.  As much as she wished she could return those feelings she knew she would only ever love him as a brother.
“So what’s next?” she asked.
“Wait to hear back from me.  I’ll let you know something as soon as I can.  And please, say nothing to your sister or her husband.  Not a word Sarah.”
“Thanks, Shandro. I know how you feel about Tommy.  I know you miss him, too.”
Shandro nodded and walked away.

***

Sarah replayed the last few months in her head.  Her last conversation with Tommy had been normal.   He was on Earth with his team of Guardians, where he’d been stationed for six months.  They were trying to wrest Earth out of the hands of the Xanthians.  Those nasty Xanthians…that parasitic species had ruined everything.  Eighteen years ago they’d hired a team of terrorists and unleashed a deadly disease on humanity that had wiped out over sixty-five percent of the human population.  Then the Xanthians had invaded Earth with the sole intention of assuming leadership and relocating their entire species there. They wanted Earth’s natural resources because they had depleted the ones on their home planet of Xanthus. It hadn’t worked out exactly like they had planned.
Many of the surviving humans had banded together to fight back and the rebels had gained ground, with the help of the Guardians of Vesturon.  The Xanthians, not to be outdone, had enlisted the aid of several other unsavory species to combat the rebels, and war was still underway.  Sarah had grave doubts of whether Earth would ever be returned to its rightful inhabitants again.
She remembered the dirt hole that their dad dug under the house.  She and Tommy lived in that hole with their parents until January and Rykerian had come and taken them to Vesturon. They’d been so young then, and it was such a scary time.  They had very little food and water and had lived in fear that someone would discover their hiding place and try to kill them while they slept.  That was eighteen years ago, but even now she had nightmares about those days.
Where could Tommy be?  Her mind kept replaying their last conversation for hints or clues of any kind. He said things had been busy lately with more fighting than usual.  The Xanthians had several teams of mercenaries that were causing skirmishes everywhere, but nothing extraordinary.
In a blazing moment of clarity, Sarah knew what she had to do.
Her mission began to unfold in her mind.  She knew that Shandro would fight her every step of the way, but if he didn’t assist her she would find someone else who would.

***

“You’re insane Sarah Liana St. Davis.  And not just a little.”
“Shandro, there is no other way.  It’s a sound plan.”
“Sound?  What part of this plan has any semblance of ‘sound’ to it?  It’s insane, exactly like you!”
“It’s the only way.  I have to go to Earth to find him.”
“You have no idea what you are saying.  You claim to have nightmares of the Earth you remember, but that was Eden compared to the Earth of today!  I’m not exaggerating.  It’s completely out of the question.  If you go there, you’ll never come back here,” Shandro insisted.
“You don’t seem to understand Shandro.  That’s exactly the point.  I go to find him or die trying.  That’s what he means to me.  The Tommy I know would do the same for me and you know damn well that’s the truth.”
“Sarah,” Shandro said, his voice edged with pain, “the Thomas I know would gut me alive if he knew I consented to this ridiculous scheme of yours.”
Sarah chewed her bottom lip before launching into her rebuttal.  “It doesn’t matter what the Thomas you know would do because he’s not here to do anything, is he?  Shandro, I have to do this.  You, of all people, should understand this.”  Her eyes darkened with pain as she pleaded with him for his understanding.
His eyes squeezed shut as his belly clenched.  “Sweet Deity, Sarah. The thought of you on Earth with all those barbarians sickens me.”
She stood before him and cupped his cheeks with her hands. “I know Shandro. But I can’t sit here anymore, thinking there might be something I could do. Please help me.  You know he’s everything to me.  I’d gladly give my life for his.”
“He feels the same for you. He still bears great guilt you know.”
Sarah nodded. “I wish he didn’t. We were stupid kids. Please, help me Shandro.”
“You know I will but I’ll do it against my better judgment. Sarah, I swear if you don’t come back to me alive, I will go down to Earth, hunt you down and make you pay somehow.”
The corners of her mouth turned up in the barest hint of a smile as they began their preparations for her journey to Earth.
Chapter 2


Darkness fell quickly on Vesturon this time of year.  Sarah waited impatiently for Shandro near the space dock, but far enough away to avoid suspicion.  They had repeatedly gone over every detail and by now she knew everything by heart and could recite it in her sleep.  As of today, she would lose her identity.  Shandro would supply her with her papers, identification and everything else she would need to travel inconspicuously to Earth.
A shadow fell across her and she glanced up to see her co-conspirator.  She’d always thought he looked dashing when he was in full uniform, and he did not disappoint tonight.  Dressed in black from head to toe, including knee-high boots, Shandro was perfection that most women would die to get their hands on.  She wished she were one of them.  He was handsome in every way, from his dark hair to his smoldering eyes. It was unfortunate she never felt anything but brotherly affection for him.
“Do you have everything?”
He nodded as he handed her a packet.  She opened it up to see the identifying documents she would need for passage once she arrived on Earth. It contained a scan of her fingerprints, along with her DNA and an imprinted pictogram of her retina scan.  It also listed her as Liasare Davidson.  She chuckled when she saw it; she thought it was a clever twist of her birth name, Sarah Liana St. Davis.  Shandro wanted her to dye her hair, but Sarah hadn’t thought it necessary.  It was a nondescript shade of brown and her eyes were your everyday average hazel, neither of them being extraordinary enough to draw attention.  He actually agreed with her for a change.
“I realize we have been over this, but your life is at stake so it bears repeating.  The first thing you must do when you awaken from your sleep is...”
“I’ll inject myself with the drug to reverse the effect of what you’re giving me here and I’ll immediately eat and get the hell out of wherever I am at the time.”
“Correct and then...”
“I plan to seek out a place to set up as a base. I sleep during the day and never at night. Nighttime is the death zone. I’ll be on my guard at all times. I’ll never act shy or demure but bold and aggressive and will always look others directly in the eye.”
“Very good Liasare. What else?” Shandro asked.
“Never sleep in a vulnerable spot and always wear my boots in case I have to leave in a hurry. I won’t ever travel alone down a dark street or alley, but stay in crowds. I won’t leave my food or drink unattended and I won’t trust anyone. I’ll stay clear of any Guardians unless my life’s in danger. If necessary, I’ll go to them then, but not tell them who I am. I won’t try to contact you and I think, perhaps, that will be the most difficult of all.”
He lifted a gloved hand to her cheek and said, “For me as well Liasare. The name fits you well.  Remember it is okay to be afraid. Fear may save you; it will keep your senses on high alert. And Liasare, always trust your instincts. They will guide you. There is something else. Your brother was very fond of the ladies. Er, what I mean is that...”
Sarah laughed, “You won’t offend me Shandro. Go ahead and say it.”
“He was very popular with the opposite sex. You may want to check with them before you ask anyone else. My suggestion is you show his picture in clubs because I am sure he made quite a name for himself.”
“Great! Please tell me he wasn’t an ass about it.”
“I am sorry to say I cannot answer that. All I know is that he was never short on female companions.”
Sarah rolled her eyes at him. All she needed was a group of Tommy-haters that wanted to kill her at the mere mention of his name.
“Let’s get this show on the road Shandro. The Star Freighter leaves in two hours. I’d like to be in place and sleeping comfortably an hour from now.”
He took her hand and led her toward the dock from which she would be departing. Right before they arrived, he removed his officer’s insignia from his Guardian’s uniform. It wouldn’t do for a Commander to be seen doing tasks that a first class Guardian should be performing.
When they arrived at the dock, they came to an area that held rows and rows of oblong containers.  Shandro lifted the lid of one and indicated to her that she should get inside.
“Is this what I think it is?”
He nodded. “Try not to think about it.”
“Yeah, right,” she uttered, looking at the coffins.
“Your pack is filled with enough nutrition and water for five days?
“Yeah and then some.”
“Good. Your weapons?”
“Two daggers in each of my boots and I have five throwing stars in my jacket.”
“Excellent. Here is your teleporter. Remember to set it when you’re out. Have it set to a safe location.  It can save your life. Don’t teleport to the same place twice unless you are with someone you trust. Don’t ever teleport to where you sleep. You know your energy trail can be traced. Anyone who wishes to follow it could kill you. Are we clear on all of this?”
Sarah nodded.
“If for some reason you do not feel safe, get the fuck out of there. Fast. Do you understand me?”
“Sweet baby bunnies! Did you just use the word fuck? I have never heard you say that before! I am shocked Shandro!” Sarah grinned.
“The time for humor has passed and yes I said fuck. I mean it Liasare. Get the bloody fuck out of there. Do you understand?”
She stared at him wide-eyed and nodded.
Shandro ached with his urgent need to hold her. He clenched his fists and spoke before he lost his nerve.
“Look, I know this is an inappropriate time but I cannot send you off without saying this. I have loved you for the longest time. And I will love you until...”
Sarah reached out and put her fingers on his mouth, stopping him from saying any more.
“Please Shandro. I’ve always known how you’ve felt about me and I love you too, just not in the way you want. I will always love you, like I love Tommy. But I’m afraid if I let you keep talking, the trip to Earth will be unbearable and I won’t be able to think clearly when I arrive. You’ll always have a place in my heart and if there were one person in the universe I wish I could love with all my heart and soul, it would be you.” She kissed his cheek as the tears she had valiantly tried to stem finally spilled.
He swiped the wetness from her face and hugged her.
“Ready then?” he asked gruffly.
She nodded.
“Here is your antidote.” He handed her a syringe. “Keep this in your pocket so you know exactly where it is when you awaken. It will be dark so you won’t be able to see. Pop the cap and just hold it against your thigh and apply some pressure to it. It will work within seconds. As soon as you can swallow, eat your bar and drink some water. Again, have them within reach because it will be dark in there. Once you finish, your energy will have returned and you should feel physically normal. Then get the hell out of there. Understand?”
“Yep. I’m ready.”
She jumped into the box and settled in. Shandro whispered something to her. She recognized it as the ancient tongue of Vesturon.
“I hope that was a good luck prayer,” she said.
“Among other things. Remember, Sarah is no more. You are now Liasare Davidson.”
He made a fist with his right hand and brought it to his heart, and then extended his arm out toward her in a salute that was common to Vesturions. He injected her and within seconds she was asleep. It was a sleep that mimicked death so if anyone were scanning the coffins on board, they wouldn’t register much of anything. The noise of all the other equipment on board the freighter would easily drown out the sound of her shallow breathing, heartbeat and pulse.
Shandro pushed his cargo onto the freighter and supplied the ship’s master with the necessary information. As he walked away, he couldn’t dispel the sense of dread the permeated his soul. He prayed to the Deity for her safety and for the safety of his friend Tommy.
Chapter 3


The Planet Earth

Liasare awoke, her mouth dry from the drug-induced sleep. She forced herself to blink, though her lids remained heavy as if they were glued. Shandro was right.  It was pitch black in her box.  She couldn’t see her fingers in front of her face. She fumbled in her pocket and located the syringe, listening for any sounds.  Making sure there were no voices nearby, she quickly injected herself and waited for the antidote to take effect. In minutes, she felt her head clearing. Next, her fingers felt along her body until they stumbled upon her backpack. On the outside pocket she had placed an energy bar and bottle of water.  She greedily guzzled the water and gobbled up her bar.
Running her fingers along the lid of the box, she found the latch, popped it and lifted the lid.  Her eyes needed to adjust to the light. Luckily, Shandro had thought of this and recommended she bring sunglasses.  She slipped them on as she jumped out of the coffin and dashed out of the warehouse.  Once outside, she headed for a group of buildings in the distance.  Her goal was to get a safe distance from here so she could come up with a plan.  The first order of business was to find a place to call home. 
Making her way through the streets, Shandro’s words kept coming back to her.  He was right; Earth was a mess.  This place was worse than any nightmare she had ever had. Buildings were crumbling. Kudzu and ivy vines had grown up everywhere, choking out streets and sidewalks, and devouring any structure that dared to venture in their paths.
Liasare was in the former city of Charlotte, North Carolina.  There were no states anymore.  Those had been abandoned long ago.  Charlotte was now known as Center City of The Carolinas.  Everything had either been renamed or had disappeared into crumbling ruins.
The downtown area of Charlotte had always been an updated, beautiful city, filled with modern buildings and green spaces.  Who could have guessed that twenty years ago, this burned out dystopia had been filled with beautiful parks, playful fountains, and lovely restaurants?
Liasare made her way to an area formerly known as Dillsworth.  She erroneously thought she might find a safe place to live, but was shocked when she found nothing but burned out shells of what used to be beautiful old stately homes covered with masses of weeds and kudzu vines. Dillsworth had been a lovely old neighborhood where everyone wanted to live.  Her mother always talked about this area of town with envy.
As she looked around, a thought began to form in her mind.  Maybe this would be a good place to live after all.  Since it was so unforgiving and frightening, it may be a place no one would care to venture. She pushed her way through the neighborhood; her main goal was to find an old home with a garage.
Eventually, her target came into view and it was perfect for what she needed.  A garage with two windows and a side entrance.  Easy exits if necessary.  Like everything else in the vicinity, it was vine-covered and nondescript, but absolutely perfect.  She scoped out the interior.  Inside were a couple of old SUV’s that she remembered from her youth—a Chevy Tahoe and a Toyota Land Cruiser. Cars had been obsolete for years as fuel quickly became nonexistent after the pandemic.  Both were covered in thick layers of dust indicating they hadn’t been disturbed in years.  That was another good sign.  Liasare didn’t dare touch them for she wanted the dust to remain intact.  To the casual observer, it would prove that this place hadn’t been touched in years.  In the rear of the garage were a series of shelves.  The corner would be the greatest place for cover.  She could make a pallet underneath them and sleep during the day.  They were behind the vehicle so if anyone looked in the windows, they would only catch a glimpse of the cars and the tops of the shelves.  Their eyes could never reach the corner.  Pulling out the tracking device that Shandro had given her, she entered her current location.  She would only keep it stored in there until it was committed to memory.  Then it would be erased.
Carefully opening the side door, she looked both ways before she hastily exited and hurried down the street back toward the city.

***

Night was falling and the change in the numbers of people on the streets was astonishing.  They seemed to quadruple in minutes.  People darted out of alleyways and entrances, like cockroaches, scurrying along the streets, frantic to get places.  She was suddenly surrounded by a crush of people, jostled in every direction as the swarm moved toward the entrance of the club.  At last she was at the door where a burly, foul smelling man asked for her creds, as he called them.
When she didn’t respond, he growled, “No creds, no entry.” He shoved her out of the way to make room for the next customer.
“Wait!” She fumbled through her bag until she found her papers and she handed them to him.
He scowled at her and snatched them out of her hand.  After a minute, he jerked his head, allowing her to enter.  She’d have to remember that from now on.
She walked in the club and was assailed by a series of nasty odors and a sea of disgusting creatures.  She wasn’t prepared for how many Xanthians were present; they were everywhere.  She was shocked to see them flirting, groping, kissing and doing other horrific things to humans.  It was disgusting to her that any human would allow this type of behavior.
“Close your mouth or you’ll be their next target,” a voice hissed in her ear.
She spun around to see an attractive blonde haired, blue-eyed woman.
“Why are they allowing that?”
“Do you think they want that?  They’re doing it for the money you fool. They’re doing it to survive! And the Xanthian saliva makes them vulnerable.”
“What do you mean? Xanthian saliva?”
The woman laughed. “Did you just fall out of the sky? Everyone knows about Xanthian saliva ... or the Xanthian Kiss. It’s like a drug. It first makes you numb to their presence and then it makes you crave their sex.  One taste of them and you’ll be begging for it.”
Liasare felt like puking on the spot. She wanted to bolt out of there and never come back. Shandro’s words kept repeating themselves over and over in her head. He was so right and she hadn’t prepared herself at all.
“Take that look off your face right now or get the hell out of here. You’re putting yourself in danger.  They’ll tear you apart, piece by piece, and love every minute of it. What are you doing here anyway?  You look like you’d be more at home in a church than in this place.”
“I’m looking for someone,” Liasare said.
“Aren’t we all, sister?”
“No! I’m looking for my brother.” She reached in her coat and pulled a picture out and handed it to the blonde.  “Have you seen him?”
The blonde widened her eyes and the blood drained from her face.  “Who are you?” she asked as she handed the picture back to Liasare, her hand shaking.
“You know him don’t you?”
“No!  I’ve never seen him before in my life.”
“That’s a lie.”
“Listen, you need to get out of here and don’t come back. I don’t know where you came from, but go home and pretend you never came here. This is a dangerous place and if you keep asking questions, you may not live to see the light of day.”
Liasare took the picture and put it back in her coat.  When she lifted her head to respond, the blonde was gone. She searched through the crowd, all over the dance floor, at the bar and even in the bathroom.  The woman was nowhere to be seen; she simply vanished.
Liasare elbowed her way to the bar and ordered a beer. She sipped on it and eyed the crowd a little longer. It was almost as though the people had lost their humanity. They pushed and groped each other, and didn’t care if anyone saw. The Xanthians laughed about it. The humans were filthy for the most part, clinging to the Xanthians and it sickened Liasare. It wasn’t so much they were desperate; they seemed to be enjoying themselves. Maybe the blonde was right and they were doing it for self-preservation; or maybe it was the Xanthian Kiss. She didn’t know nor did she want to find out.  She drained her bottle and headed for the door.
Once outside, she took a deep breath of fresh air.  That place reeked inside of unwashed human bodies, stinking Xanthians, and God only knows what else. Liasare walked down the street, thinking about the blonde’s reaction.  She knew Tommy. She also knew something about what happened. Liasare had to find her.  Damn, the first person she talks to and she takes off like a frightened bird.
“What do we have here?”
Liasare stopped and looked up. She had been so focused on the blonde, she hadn’t paid attention to where she was going and had wandered into a deserted part of the street. 
Xanthians!
They formed a circle around her and began taunting her. To put it mildly, Xanthians were most unattractive. Liasare had seen them at a distance, but never had she been this close to them before. They had large stumpy bodies with scale like formations protruding from the tops of their enormous heads.  Thin, scraggly hair sprouted out around the scales and their unfortunate faces were disfigured with huge bulbous noses and large misshapen teeth. If their bodies were disgusting to look at, it was nothing compared to their body odor. Their smell alone was so putrid and disgusting she felt herself gag. They saw her throat convulse and they all began to laugh. Xanthians thought it comical to see other species react to their odor.  It was one of the defense mechanisms that served them well.
They moved in closer, knowing they had a newbie on their hands.
“Where have you come from, pretty one?”  The one who spoke expelled a giant gob of spittle that shot out of his mouth and landed on her sleeve.  He still had a disgusting rope of saliva hanging from his slimy, blubbery lips.
Liasare looked at him and heaved. The contents of her stomach, mostly beer, came spewing forth and landed on Mr. Ugly’s shirt.
They all laughed at that.  She wondered how they could think being thrown up on was humorous.  They scooted in closer. The one on her right started rubbing her arm. She jerked it out of his pudgy grey hand but he clamped down on it until she screamed.  The thing about Xanthians, besides their inherent cruelty, was that they were strong ... incredibly strong. Their stumpy bodies made them appear awkward and uncoordinated, but they were anything but that. They possessed quick reflexes, tremendous strength, speed and agility. And they were cunning.
“Are you going to play nithe with usth now?” he sneered. Their huge, misshapen teeth caused them to lisp when they spoke.
She nodded and he eased his grip.  Suddenly, she found herself backed against a wall, with a stinking body pressed against hers.  She heard loud snorting and grunting in her ear and then a searing pain at the junction of her neck and shoulder.  The Xanthian backed away then, smiling and licking his lips.
“Yum yum, you tasthe good human.”
That son of a bitch bit me! 
Liasare bent down and slowly withdrew a dagger from her boot. They were all so busy patting the biter on the back, they didn’t notice her movement.  She slowly stood back up and in one swift movement shoved the knife blade directly into the center of his chest, giving it a hard twist, before pulling it out.
“Fuck you. You look good dying, Xanthian,” she said.
One by one they turned to her, growling.  She moved to escape, but they blocked her exit.  The one she stabbed dropped to his knees, blood gurgling in his throat.  Then he face planted on the ground and was silent.
“You’ll pay for thisth with your life, human.”
The one closest to her reached out for her neck but suddenly there were two streaks of light that zinged through the circle, leaving all the Xanthians dead at Liasare’s feet.
Get out of here now.
She distinctly heard the words in her head.  She shook it, trying to bring some sense back into it. She wasn’t telepathic so she must have been hearing things.
You were not hearing things. Get the hell out of here now, before someone finds you and charges you with the death of six Xanthians. Go! Now!
She knew she had to move quickly. But first, she did something distasteful; she searched the one closest to her for his weapon. An annihilator would come in handy at some point, especially if she needed to defend herself.
When her hand landed on it, she took off running.  She ran several blocks, until she felt she was a safe enough distance away from the pile of dead.  Quickly ducking into a sheltered doorway, she checked her clothing for blood and the only thing she found was her own where that cretin had bitten her. Damn. In her bag she found the healing wand that Shandro had given her and waved it over the wound. It disappeared leaving only a faint mark behind.
Standing there, gathering her wits, she forced herself to calm down. Her heart was thumping so, she swore the whole town would hear it. After taking several deep breaths, eventually she felt her raw nerves begin to back down.
The last thing she wanted to do was to go back to another club, but she didn’t have anywhere else to go, and honest to God, she could use an ice cold drink about now.
Back to her original plan.  The next nightclub she entered wasn’t quite as bad as the first.  It was called Cosmic.  It was still disgusting, but there weren’t as many Xanthians.  She nabbed the only empty seat at the bar.
“What can I get you lovely lady?”
“I’ll have a beer please.”
“Earth or Xanthian?
“Earth please.”
The bartender placed the bottle on the bar.  “You’re new here.”
“Yeah, it’s my first visit.”
“What brings you here then?”
“Something different.”
He nodded. Attractive, curly blonde hair, soft grey eyes, friendly smile.
“Have you worked here long?” Liasare asked.
“A couple of years.”
“Have you ever seen him?” she asked, handing him the picture of Tommy.
“Yeah, I think so.”
“Really?  Do you remember when?”
“Now that I can’t say.  I see so many people.  I don’t think I’ve seen him in a while though.  I think I would recall if it had been fairly recent.  Are you from around here then?”
“Well, kind of.  I’ve been away for quite a long time.  We left after the big small pox pandemic.  What about you?”
“Born and bred. What’s your name lovely lady?”
“Liasare, yours?”
“Gerard.”
“Nice to meet you Gerard. Hey if you remember anything at all about this guy, will you let me know the next time I’m here?”
“Sure. Is that your boyfriend or something?”
“Nope. He’s my brother.”
“Oh, okay. In that case, would you like to get a drink sometime?”
“Maybe. Ask me again in a few weeks, okay?”
“You got it Liasare,” he smiled.
She finished off her beer and headed out the door. It was getting late and she wished so badly she could find that damn blonde girl. She’d like to go back to the first club, Raunch, but she didn’t think the girl would take a chance and go back there.  Besides, that really was a loathsome place.
Chapter 4


Liasare checked out two more clubs before she decided that the next would be her last for the night. She plopped down on the first available seat with an oomph and ordered yet another beer.
What an interesting night. Met a blonde girl who obviously knew Tommy, got bitten by a Xanthian, stabbed and killed a Xanthian, almost got myself killed by a Xanthian, was rescued by some awesomeness that spoke into my mind, snagged an annihilator, then got asked out on a date. What next?
The hairs on the back of her neck promptly stood at attention, followed by the rest of her body hair.  The room seemed to take on an intense heated electrical charge. She wondered if it was just her, or did everyone else feel it?  She glanced around the room, trying to locate the source of her discomfort. No one else appeared to be affected by this strange phenomenon. Giving her head a firm shake, she turned her focus back to her beer.  While beer had never been one of her favorite beverages, the iciness of it as it slid down her throat seemed to ease the discomfort caused by the strange sensations she was experiencing. The bottle was quickly emptied as she sought to put out the fire that had erupted within her.
The bartender raised his brows and she nodded, indicating her desire for another. Seconds later, another bottle was in her hands and its liquid contents were making their way down her parched throat.
Liasare began inspecting the patrons of the nightclub, hunting for whatever could possibly be making her feel so uncomfortable. As her eyes scanned the room, they came to rest on a man who was intently staring at her. He stood still as a marble statue, not so much as blinking an eye. Dressed in snug black leather pants that sat low on his hips, his chest was bare, with the exception of an unbuttoned black leather vest. He wore no shirt, nor did he need one; his sculpted muscles seemed to defy the presence of something so offensive. His arms bore a myriad of black tattoos, which were perfectly symmetrical in their swirling yet angular beauty. They looked perfectly delicious against his smooth tawny skin and Liasare had an irrepressible urge to touch and inspect them.  His face wasn’t beautiful in the classical sense, though from her vantage point, she could see he was compellingly attractive, so much so that she found herself craning her neck to get a better look at him.
What the hell am I thinking? He could be a serial killer or something.
Jerking her gaze away from him, she forced herself to focus on drinking the rest of her beer.
As Liasare sat there, she couldn’t stop thinking about the strange man. Turning her bar stool to get another look at him, she was disappointed to see he had left his place against the wall.  Her instincts and body told her he was still there. It was in the air ... hot, electrifying. It wasn’t painful, yet it wasn’t comfortable either as she found herself squirming on her perch at the bar.  She took another long pull off her beer.
“Looking for me?” his warm breath cascaded over her ear and down her neck, sending currents of heat throughout every molecule, centering on that very spot at the pinnacle of her thighs that she didn’t want to think about. She choked on her beer and spit it out on the bar as she felt his lips leave of trail of molten kisses down the side of her neck.
The bartender, noticing her distress, immediately came to her aid with a towel.  He mopped up the mess and handed her a bunch of napkins.
“Are you all right?”
“Yeah, thanks,” she squeaked.
Her face was most likely the color of a tomato; it felt like it had gone up in flames when that husky voice whispered in her ear.  She knew he was gone for her nerve endings told her so.  She swiped her hand across her sweaty brow.  In her twenty-seven years of life, never had a man affected her like this.  It would be her luck, she thought, that something like this would happen on a night like tonight.

***

Jurek Herdekian leaned against the wall and eyed the chestnut haired human as she drank her beer.  His mere presence affected her, which surprised him since he was always careful to mute his powers. The human’s extreme sensitivity to him was an aberration. He was also disturbed by the fact that he had felt her distress when she had been surrounded by the Xanthians earlier in the night. He had no doubt that they had planned to kill her. That she had managed to kill one of them, impressed him beyond measure.  He must find out who she worked for and what she was after.
As she drank, she turned to examine the crowd.  When her gaze landed on him, it wasn’t a quick look, but a thorough inspection.  She liked what she saw and wanted to get a closer look. Had Jurek been in a different setting, he might have thrown his head back and laughed at her audacity. He opted for the next best thing.
Jurek moved stealthily through the crowd until he was directly behind her, whispered something, kissed her, and then left.  He would keep her in his sights now that he knew her scent as well as her thoughts.
He waited outside the bar and watched as the sky lightened with the morning sun. The chestnut haired human left the bar and headed south toward the old Dillsworth area. Jurek followed her at a safe distance.  When he found out where she was going, he would assign a man to her.  She was fairly smart, this one.  She took all kinds of turns and cut through yards, to lose anyone following her. She kept a constant check behind her; of course it would have been impossible to notice him, for he was traveling in his energy form which was undetectable to the human eye, or any eye for that matter.
She arrived at a garage and made her way inside.  He followed her and saw where she was staying.  Satisfied that she would be safe for the near future, he departed and headed back to Lare-Stell Base.
Chapter 5


Lare-Stell Base

“Did you follow Brownie?” Tak asked. Tak was Jurek’s second in command. Although he could be the biggest pain in the ass, he was loyal and had been a member of his team and his best friend for as long as he could remember.
“I did.  I found her in one of the bars.  She appeared to be fine.”
“Who’s she working for?”
“I don’t know, but I know where she’s hiding out during the day, so I want someone assigned to her.  I want her every move followed. I don’t know anyone bold enough to kill a Xanthian outright. Well, besides us that is.  In front of five of his comrades no less.”
“No shit. That was a damn ballsy move, wasn’t it?  So who do you think it could be?  The Guardians of Vesturon?”
“The Guardians of Vesturon?  Come on Tak.  Have you been flashing too close to a solar flare?  Your brain seems a bit fried.”
“Yeah,” Tak snorted. “What the hell was I thinking? They would never put a female up to doing something like that.”
“Damn right.  They’re too straight for that.”
“Those bloody fools drive me bat shit crazy sometimes.”
“Yeah, I know.  Well, everyone except for Xarrid Yarrister.  At least he doesn’t walk around with his head up his ass all the time, like his brother Rykerian.  It still puzzles me over how January could have fallen for a male such as him.”
Jurek thought about January Yarrister for a moment.  It had been awhile since he had seen her.  He missed their conversations.  He was closer to her than he’d ever been to anybody other than Larensa.  He loved January like a sister, but he still questioned her choice of Rykerian for a mate.  Jurek loved to start fights with Rykerian and he knew exactly how to do it.  He had eased up for January’s sake, but it still gave him a good laugh every now and then.
Now Xarrid ... he was a different story. Xarrid and Jurek were a team. They had worked together on a number of cases, ever since Jurek had assisted Xarrid in rescuing his mate from the hands of the Xanthians. They saw eye-to-eye on nearly everything and were so much alike. Jurek would be proud to call him “brother.”
“So Jurek, what do you think about Brownie Girl?”
Jurek rubbed his jaw and sighed.  “There’s something there, but I’m not sure what it is.  Keep someone on her Tak, day and night.”
Tak informed Jurek of some business issues with LS Enterprises.  They had smuggling operations all over the universe. Lare-Stell Base was a space station that served as the headquarters for LSE, who supplied weapons to many of the smaller planets that had been taken over by the Unified SuperPower.  The USP were tyrannical rulers (that included the Xanthians) who wanted to control the universe. Their goal was to get as many rebels armed as possible so that one day soon, they could all rise up as one and battle the USP. LSE was known for hijacking USP freighters filled with supplies headed for colonies where they were trying to establish strongholds. LSE’s goals were to undermine these operations and confiscate weapons and anything else that could hinder the USP.
“Anything else to report?”
“Yeah, and you won’t like it.  There’ve been more disappearances in Center City, Atlantic Central and East Coast Mid.”
“How many?” Jurek wanted to know.  “Be specific before you answer.  I want names if you have them, places of residence, sex and age.”
“Don’t have any of that yet.  Just the number twenty-seven.”
“Damn. Populate the data stream as soon as you have the specifics. Make sure Naroo has all the information she needs. What’s the number up to now?”
“It’s well over fifteen thousand.”
“Where the hell are these people disappearing to?  They aren’t just vanishing into thin air.  Something evil is happening out there,” Jurek shouted as he slammed his hand into the wall. “I can feel it in the energy flow when I travel.”
“We all do. I don’t have an answer for you Jurek.  It’s rampant now with reports streaming in with disappearances from everywhere.  Does Xarrid know anything?”
“If he does, he isn’t saying. I’m going to bed,” Jurek growled as he rubbed his eyes.  “When I awaken, I’m going back to Center City.  I know damn well that’s where we’ll find the answer.  I’ll be down there in the warehouse if you need me.  Keep your eyes and ears open.  Meet me at ten tomorrow night.”  Jurek turned and headed to his quarters.

***

Liasare awoke with a start. Her ears were tuned in to the noises around her.  Not sure of what may have interrupted her sleep, she did a quick search of her surroundings until she was satisfied she wasn’t in any danger. She reached for her pack just as her stomach let out a rumble and she realized how hungry she really was.  Biting into a bar, her thoughts went back to the strange man she had seen at the club last night.
Who was he, she wondered? She had been disappointed when she felt him leave.  And why did he have that effect on her? How could his presence make her body respond like that? She pushed those uncomfortable thoughts to the back of her mind.
Liasare began to devise some kind of plan in her mind.  If only she could find the blonde girl again, she thought. Liasare was sure this girl had known Tommy, or in the very least had some information about him.  Why else would she have scurried off so fast?
Liasare’s first order of business would be to locate all of Tommy’s hangouts.  Since Shandro said he had been so popular with the ladies, he had to have left some kind of trail.  Liasare had an old address he had given her that she planned to investigate today during daylight hours.  Looking at her watch, she was surprised to find it was already five in the afternoon. She’d best get a move on for it would be getting dark soon and she didn’t need to be caught leaving Dillsworth at night.
When she arrived at the address, her heart plummeted. It looked like some kind of warehouse and she wondered why Tommy had chosen to live in a place like this. Liasare pulled the annihilator out of her coat and set it to stun. Wiping her sweaty palm on her pants, she inched the door open, cringing as it made a loud creak.  When the opening was large enough, she slipped inside and silently moved forward.
The warehouse was dingy with a few small windows that allowed only a meager bit of light to eke its way through.  Boxes and crates were scattered everywhere and pallets were tossed here and there, making it obvious that people still slept here.  Liasare wondered who these individuals were that Tommy had associated with and whether she could be so bold as to approach them with questions.
Her instincts told her it wasn’t a good idea to be here. When she moved to leave, she heard the sound of a door creaking, followed by several voices.  She darted behind the closest stack of crates and prayed she wouldn’t be discovered.  Several men walked in the warehouse.  They were talking in low tones, making it difficult for her to pick up anything they said.  She could hear words such as “Leader,” “Recruits,” and “Orders,” but nothing more than that.  As she watched, she noticed something odd about the behavior of two of the men.  Their eyes looked glazed, as if they had been drugged, and they were only speaking in monosyllabic responses.
Minutes later, the two odd men lay down on the pallets and the other men left.  Liasare waited a few minutes and decided to leave too.  She tiptoed out to make her escape and was rounding the corner of the building when she felt that familiar heated electric response surge within her body.
“Going somewhere?” that husky voice asked.
She sucked in her breath and dropped her annihilator, as his voice startled her. Before her brain could comprehend what was happening, she felt her body swirling through a vortex. She finally came to rest in another place.
Disoriented and dizzy, she tried to focus on her surroundings, but everything seemed to tilt sideways.  She reached out her hand to stop herself from falling, but only succeeded in grabbing a fistful of air.  Not knowing which way was up or down, she tried, unsuccessfully, to break her fall. Instead, she felt her breath leave her body in a whoosh as she slammed into the ground.
Fighting for oxygen, her diaphragm wouldn’t cooperate with her brain’s commands. Worse yet, she felt a pair of hands latch onto her waist, drag her to her feet and ram her back into a wall.  Her head hung down as she fought to draw in precious oxygen, yet found she was still unable to do so.  Then the asshole had the nerve to jam his arm straight into her diaphragm and start demanding things of her.
“Tell me who you work for!”
Her mouth opened and closed repeatedly, like a poor fish that had been hauled out of the water, desperate to be thrown back in.
“I’ll ask you this one time.  Who do you work for?” he bit out each word with precision.
Things began to turn grey and hazy as the lack of air finally took its toll on her brain.  She knew she was going to pass out.
Her head lolled to the side and ... Blink, lights out.
Jurek looked at her and cursed, “What the fuck?”
He hadn’t realized she was so close to losing it. He laid her out on the floor and looked at her for a moment.  She wasn’t beautiful in that traditional, cookie-cutter sense, but there was something about her that enticed him. Her chestnut mane for one, and Jurek had always been a sucker for women with beautiful hair, but those hazel eyes of hers were something else. Her full lips were kissably soft, he thought, as he ran his thumb along her mouth.  He finally placed his hand on her forehead and in seconds, she came to, moaning.
Her eyes fluttered open and when the recognition in them flickered, those hazel orbs shot sparks of gold.  Hovering before her was the dark haired man from the bar.  She wouldn’t have had to open her eyes to know it was him since every cell in her body was on fire from his presence.
Soft black hair hung close to his shoulders and he wore it brushed back off his face.  Liasare briefly wondered if it would feel as soft as it looked.  He had a bit of scruff on his face; he obviously hadn’t bothered to shave in the last couple of days.  His lips were full and sensuous and definitely made for kissing. In fact, Liasare could imagine running her tongue along that lower lip of his, tugging on it and gently sucking it.  What made her nearly lose it were his eyes. They were extraordinary. Lavender, rimmed in indigo with flecks of silver swirling within their depths, Liasare had never seen anything so stunning in her life.
What the hell am I thinking?
Regaining her senses, Liasare flew to her feet and threw a right uppercut that connected beneath Jurek’s jaw.  Had he been a lesser man, it would have laid him out.  Then she spun on her heel and began the motion for an intended groin kick, but his quick reflexes caught her leg before it connected and he flicked it off with his hand.
“You flaming asshole!  Who do you think you are?  You knock the fucking wind out of me and then you do it again for shits and giggles?  Who the hell do you think you are?”
“Watch your language and I’m the one asking the questions here.”
“Not anymore,” Liasare hissed as she turned to head out of the building.
Before she could take another step, an arm snaked out and grabbed her around the waist.  He pulled her tightly against his chest and whispered huskily into her ear, “I asked you a question.  I want to know who you’re working for and I don’t intend to let you go until I get an answer.”
His voice washed over her with that electrifying intense heat.  She felt her skin erupt in a million goose bumps as every hair on her body stood at attention.
Damn him. How can he have this kind of control over me?
“You have no idea, Brownie.”
“Brownie?
“Mmm. Brownie. For that glorious mane of hair you have.” His hand spanned across her stomach and she felt a battalion of butterflies suddenly erupt as he hugged her tightly against him.
“I’ll bet you taste better than one too.” If she could have turned around she would have seen the corners of his mouth turn up as he baited her.
Seriously? Brownie?
“Well you certainly have a way with words,” Liasare said sourly. “Okay, that’s it. Get your hands off of me, Romeo.”
“Not until you tell me who you work for,” he purred as he rubbed his cheek against her ear right before he released her.
“Myself.”
“Liar.”
“Fuck you,” she growled, her eyes blazing.
“Gladly. Just tell me when and where.”
“Oh! You are such an asshat!”
“I’ve been called worse. Who do you work for?”
“Myself!”
“Have you ever been tortured?” he asked.
“No. Why?”
“Because if you don’t start telling me the truth, you’ll be answering that differently.”
Liasare didn’t know if he was being serious or not, but she didn’t want to find out. “I don’t work for anyone, dammit!”
“What were you doing in that warehouse?”
“I was checking it out!”
“Oh really? I find that very interesting because it’s a well known Xanthian base.”
Liasare’s jaw dropped to the floor and the blood drained from her face. “Wh-what did you just say?”
“I think you heard me just fine.”
“Could you please repeat it?”
Jurek told her that it was a known Xanthian base.  If that were true, why would Tommy have used it as his address?  Or what would he have been doing there?
She dropped to her knees and clenched her hands into fists. Jurek didn’t know what he said that had upset her so much. Liasare didn’t know what she should do at this point. She still needed to find her brother, but at what cost?  Now she wondered if Tommy had defected to the other side. But the Tommy she knew never would’ve done that.
“So what’s the deal Brownie?”
“Stop calling me that!”  She raised her head to look at him and he could see the doubt clouding in her eyes.  “My name is S ... er ... Liasare Davidson.”
“Fair enough Liasare Davidson, but you still haven’t answered me.”
“I was looking for someone.”
“Who?”
“My brother.” Dejection laced her voice.
She pulled his picture out of her jacket and handed it to him.  “Have you seen him?” The picture shook slightly as she handed it to him.
Jurek looked at the picture, but he had never seen the human before that he could recall.  As he handed the photo back to her, he saw such hope in her eyes, he literally hated to tell her the truth.
“I’m sorry but I’ve not seen him before.  What does he have to do with the Xanthian base?”
Liasare rose to her feet saying, “I’m not sure, but I intend to find out. The warehouse was an address he had given me. Three months ago he disappeared, but no one seems to be able to tell me anything. Last night I showed his picture to this blonde girl at a club called Raunch and she freaked out and left the club.  I tried to follow her but lost her somewhere in the crowd. Then I ended up on a deserted street when ... well never mind. Anyway, I have to find my brother. Something weird is going on here and I intend to find out what it is.”
“Listen Davidson, you need to pack it up and go home. This is a dangerous place and you don’t need to be snooping around in places you don’t know anything about.”
She whipped her head around, her eyes, once again, blazing gold fire, and said, “And you don’t have any right to tell me what I can and can’t do,” as she angrily stomped off.
Liasare made it as far as the door when she realized she was stonewalled. The bloody ass had her at a loss because she had no idea where he had taken her.  She stomped back to where he was standing and came to a stop a few inches from him.  She could feel his surge of power all around her.
Before she could stop herself, she blurted out, “What are you?”
Jurek cocked his head at an odd angle, cluing her into the fact that he wasn’t human.
“Well, you just answered one question.  Since we know you’re not human, then what the hell are you?”
“What I am is none of your business.  My name, however, is Jurek Herdekian. If you desire to leave, I can return you to the city. I suggest, however, you return home, wherever that may be. Go back to your mother and father where you are safe.”
Liasare looked at him and started laughing. “Oh that’s rich.  Safe with my parents. Yeah, right!”
This human had Jurek confused.  He couldn’t understand why she was laughing.
“Long story. Listen, I just want to be on my way, so can you point me in the right direction?”
“I’m heading to town too, so I’ll go with you.”
She followed him to the door. They were only a few blocks from the city but it was already dark now.  Liasare was actually glad he was with her.
“You really shouldn’t be out alone at night.  This is a danger zone.”
She rolled her eyes at him. “What do you take me for? A moron?  I’d rather not be here at all but I have to find my brother.”
“Have you notified the authorities?”
“Of course!” She gave him another eye roll.
“What about the Guardians?”
“What about them?” she bristled.
“Have they been notified?”
“Yes.”
“And?”
“And nothing. Nobody can tell me a thing. Look, I have exhausted all avenues.  I spent three months trying to dig up something, anything to give me some kind of sign. But nothing. The Guardians aren’t saying a thing.”
“Do you want me to ask around there for you?”
“No!  I would prefer you not say anything to any of them,” she adamantly said.
“But I may know someone relatively high up who can help.”
“No! Absolutely not! I mean it. I have my own connections and if they failed, so will yours and you could cause me more trouble that I can even begin to tell you.”
“There is the possibility that he is no longer alive.”
“I’ve thought of that too, but then his tracer would have shown that.”
“Your brother was a Guardian?” he asked incredulously.
Shit! I wasn’t supposed to let that one slip.
“Sort of.”
“What do you mean ‘sort of?’  Either he was or he wasn’t! What aren’t you telling me?” he demanded.
Before she knew what was happening, he had pulled her onto a deserted street and forced her up against a wall, pressing her against it with his body, his hips grinding into hers.
Double-decker shit! Here we go again! That power and heat.
He bent his head to her ear and whispered, “You don’t want to fuck with me Davidson, because I can make your life every bit as painful and horrific as the Xanthians can.  What aren’t you telling me?”
His warm breath and electrifying touch left her breathless, and every nerve ending was crying out for more. She inhaled his essence, and he smelled of exotic spices, and far-away things she had never experienced before.  Heady, fragrant and very sexy.
“I’m waiting Liasare Davidson,” he purred.
Her throat convulsed as she swallowed, her mouth having gone bone dry as his heat consumed her.
“I ... I,” she began, when he lifted his head and looked into her eyes. What had been a mixture of lavender and silver before, were now complete swirling orbs of silver, reflected in the moonlight. Liasare gasped at their beauty, for never before had she seen such magnificence.
He dipped his head toward her neck and inhaled deeply and ran his tongue along the length of it.  “Tell me Liasare or I shall have to invade your mind and find it for myself,” he said hoarsely.
“Yes. Yes, my brother was a Guardian. He worked here on Earth for six months before his disappearance. I didn’t want to say anything because the Guardians have been less than forthcoming about his disappearance and I’m not sure whom I can trust here.”
“How did you come here Liasare?” The way he said her name made it sound like a lovely song, like the wind when it softly rustled through the trees.
“A friend assisted me.”
“I see.  Why is it so important to find your brother, other than the obvious reason?”
“He means everything to me.  He is my only family. He took care of me my whole life and he would do no less for me.”
Jurek lifted his head again and looked at Liasare before stepping away from her.  She felt cold and empty when he moved away.  
“You can trust me.  I will not betray you, but you must follow my orders,” he instructed, brusquely.
“What do you mean, ‘follow my orders?’”
Jurek cocked his head at that odd angle again and looked at her as if she had suddenly grown a third eye.
“I mean exactly as it sounds. If you are to work with me, you must follow my orders.”
“I work with no one.”
“Oh yes you do.”
“Oh no I don’t”
“Yes.”
“No.”
“Enough already. You work with me and you will do as I say!”
“Good-bye.”  Liasare stomped off.
Jurek threw his hands up in the air and followed her at a distance.  She was certainly a handful.
Chapter 6


Liasare sat at the bar and finished off her third beer, hoping it would calm her down.  So far, no such luck.  By the time she had arrived, she’d been seething.  She’d felt him the whole way behind her and knew he was still around here somewhere. She was going to need something stronger. Signaling the bartender, she placed her order for a bourbon, straight up.  He brought her drink and she emptied the contents of the glass in several gulps. Making her way to the restroom, she stopped a brunette along the way to see if she recognized Tommy.  No luck on that one.
She left the restroom and rounded the corner to see two Xanthians cornering a tiny female. She was wide-eyed with fear and whimpering.
“Don’t worry, little girl, we’ll take you sthome plathe where you’ll be well cared for.” The one who spoke laughed, as if he’d made a silly joke.  The girl was trembling and shaking her head back and forth. The Xanthian’s girth made it almost impossible to see her, but you could still hear her terrified whines.
It was most likely the alcohol that made Liasare bold, or perhaps it was the fear radiating off the girl.  Whichever the case, Liasare moved behind the disgusting cretins and tapped one of them on the shoulder, “Hey, are you an idiot or something?  Can you not read body language?  This girl isn’t interested.”
The Xanthians turned their attention to Liasare and when they did, she motioned to the girl with her head to get the hell out of there.  The girl wasted no time in scurrying away.
“Thisth isth not your busthiness, bitch.”
“Yeah, well, too bad I made it my business.”
“Then perhapsth you’d like to come with usth insthead?”
“Perhaps I wouldn’t.”
Liasare started backing away toward the busy part of the bar.  She needed to get out of there because she knew she was in a danger zone.
“She thinksth she’sth going to get away from usth Zarg.”  The thug on the left spat out as he laughed.
Zarg started to laugh along with him as he clamped a wide pudgy paw on Liasare’s shoulder and squeezed.
“Ugh,” she groaned as she tried to pull away from him.  His friend got behind her and threw a meaty arm around her waist, biting into her rib cage, bruising her.  He clenched her against his body and the smell of him made her gag.  He glued his nasty face next to hers, stuck his tongue out and began to lick her cheek.  His slobber ran down her face, but when she tried to scream, she gagged and threw up. That put a halt to any sound from emerging, other than the noise of her heaving. Zarg laughed at her as he came up in front of her and slid his beefy hand down her pants.
Liasare began to squirm and fight in earnest. The thought of one of these animals trying to rape her made her want to kill herself.  She tried to free an elbow, but meaty arm had a vise grip on her.  She raised her knee in a last ditch effort to jab Zarg in the groin, but when she did, he just chuckled at her.  He seemed to be enjoying her fight.  A different tactic was in order, her frantic mind decided.  She suddenly went limp in their arms. Zarg was attempting to unzip her pants, but her dead weight threw him off balance and he pitched forward onto Liasare who ended up sandwiched between the two putrid Xanthians.
About the time she felt she had drawn her last breath, a streak of light flashed directly toward her, leaving two dead Xanthians in its path. Suddenly she found herself swirling through a vortex for the second time that night.
When the world stopped spinning, she pitched forward and threw up again just before blackness enveloped her.

***

Jurek looked at the heap of female lying at his feet. He was still trying to figure out what the hell happened.  He was standing in the bar one minute and the next he could feel and smell Liasare’s terror.  He flashed to her location and he saw her sandwiched between those two fuckers. He hoped no one saw her with them, or she would be blamed for their deaths.  She was such a mess that he didn’t have time to properly dispose of their bodies.
He gently placed his hand on her forehead and waited the few seconds it would take for his technique to revive her.
Liasare’s eyelids fluttered open and she saw Jurek kneeling next to her with his hand on her forehead.
“How do you feel?” he asked.
“Gross and nasty. Ugh, they’re so disgusting. Oh God, I think I’m gonna be sick.” She rolled to her side just in time to vomit again.
Jurek handed her a cloth to wipe her face.
“I’m so sorry.  This is really embarrassing.  I don’t usually get sick like this,” she said, her eyes looking down at her hands.
“What happened back there?”
Liasare shook her head.  “They had this itty-bitty girl cornered by the restroom.  She was freaking out.  I felt so sorry for her.”  She paused and swallowed the lump in her throat.  No way was she going to cry in front of him.  She rubbed her face and continued, “She didn’t know what to do.  You should have seen her eyes Jurek. They looked like a trapped animal’s. It pissed me off the way they were picking on her and laughing about it. I thought I’d distract them so she could get away. It worked, but when I tried to back my way towards the bar, they pinned me between them and they ...” her throat convulsed, in a valiant effort to stave off her tears. She dropped her head into her hands and silently cried.
“Emotions are a waste of time and will be the death of you if you can’t either hide them or control them,” Jurek said curtly.  “If you must cry, do so alone, where no one can see your weakness.”
Liasare lifted her tear-streaked face and stared at him with narrowed eyes.  “Go to hell. Excuse me for being human. I was nearly raped by two of the most vile creatures and you have a hell of a lot of nerve telling me that crying makes me look weak.”
“You should have thought about all of this before you volunteered to travel to Earth to rescue your brother. This was a harebrained scheme and you know it. Your life is in danger and while rape is not a desirable thing to endure, at least it’s better than death.  Now go to the back of the warehouse where you’ll find a shower. You reek of Xanthians ... and other nasty things. While you’re back there, find a change of clothing and get rid of what you are wearing. You’ll need to destroy your clothes otherwise people will recognize you. Now go.”
Jurek walked away, leaving her gaping at him. Could he possibly be a bigger asshole?
Clenching her fists and pushing herself to her feet, she slowly made her way on shaking legs to the rear of the building, in search of a shower. In truth, she couldn’t wait to get the stink washed off of her.
Locating a locker room of sorts, she found stacks of neatly folded clothing. Everything was black and nondescript. There were form fitting pants, shirts and jackets. She searched through the piles and found what she thought would fit and headed for the shower stall. Stripping down, she ripped everything off until she got to the elastic layer that covered her right leg from thigh to ankle.  Carefully rolling it down, she stepped out of it and limped to the shower.
Turning the water on hot, she let it cascade over her head and down her body.  Fumbling around for the body wash, she squeezed a generous amount into the palm of her hand and made a sudsy lather, vigorously rubbing herself with the bubbles.  She repeated the process.  When she was satisfied that the offensive odor had been rinsed away, she began to unbraid her thick hair.  As the water fell over her, she massaged shampoo into her hair and washed the grime of the last few days away.  As she was finishing, the tears she had pushed away forced their way through.  What a mess her life had become!
Tommy, where the fuck are you? You better not have pulled anything stupid because if you have, I’ll kill you myself when I find you, I swear to God!
Liasare dried herself with a fluffy towel she had found and then wrapped her hair in it.  She then began the painstaking process of putting the wrap back on her leg.  As she did it, she reminded herself why she was here, of what Tommy had done for her after the accident.
Grabbing her pack, she found her toothbrush and scrubbed her teeth twice.  Now she felt like a human again. It took her a few long minutes to brush the tangled mass hanging down her back.  She wanted to braid it, but would have to wait until it was dry.
As Liasare made her way back toward the front of the building, she heard voices. One she knew belonged to Jurek. She’d recognize that deep, rich voice anywhere. Not wanting to be the center of attention, she stood on the outskirts of the group. Her wish held no ground where Jurek was concerned.
“Come here Davidson,” he commanded.
She raised her brow at him but before she could comment, another man standing next to Jurek said, “Welcome Brownie.  Nice of you to join us.”
“I have a name and it’s not Brownie,” Liasare gritted out.
“Davidson!” Jurek flicked his fingers at her, indicating she go to him.
She huffed and headed his way. “What?”
Jurek leaned in to her and sniffed! “Much better,” he declared, his lips turning up.
“Uh! You are so rude!”
“You have no idea,” he smirked.
“Jurek, does Brownie smell bad?”
“Stop calling me that. My name is Liasare Davidson and I expect you to call me by my name dammit.”  She crossed her arms and tapped her toe on the floor.
“Well, I like the name Brownie and I shall continue to call you that.”
“Like hell you will!”  Without thinking she spun around and fully intended to jab her elbow into the solar plexus of the asshat who goaded her.
There was one huge problem with this scenario, however.  Liasare was unaware of the power Jurek and Tak wielded.  Their mere touch could cause blinding pain in an individual and send them into a cascade of events ranging from seizures to painful spasms that would render the individual incapable of anything. Tak, caught off guard by her movement, didn’t have time to mute his powers.
When Liasare’s elbow connected with him, she felt an intense wave of burning heat hit her arm and then surge through her body, discharging like a bolt of lightning. She let out a blood-curdling scream as the currents raced through her but she couldn’t pull herself free of the tortuous thing that bound her. Her body was on fire, scorching from within, tied to this vicious inferno that gripped her within its talons.
In the distance she heard voices yelling when suddenly the pain ceased and she lost all muscle control and dropped to the ground like a useless rag doll.
Liasare’s body was twisted at an awkward angle, but try as she might, she was powerless to move a muscle.  She tried to swallow, but couldn’t even manage that. As she thought the worst of the pain had passed, her body began violently seizing, as her muscles appeared to rebel over what they had recently experienced.  The spasms eventually passed, leaving her nauseous and trembling.  She curled up into a ball, hoping against hope that she wouldn’t hurl again.  Luckily for her, only bile remained in her stomach, as she heaved.
She felt a hand on her arm and looked to see Jurek next to her.  She cringed and tried to pull away from him, fearing a repeat of what she had just endured.
“Am I a-b-about to d-d-die?” she stuttered.
“No. Be still and it will pass.”
“C-c-can’t,” she said, still shivering severely.
Jurek reached for her again and she tried to crawl from him.
“P-p-please d-d-don’t.”
“I’m not going to hurt you,” he growled.
He turned toward the others in the room and commanded them to leave.
Turning back to Liasare, he picked her up and carried her to the back where he laid her down on a cot.  Then he placed his hand on her forehead.  Immediately she felt a soothing warmth spreading throughout her body. It began at her head and traveled down to her core.  The pain dissolved and a peace settled over her. She took several deep breaths but the warmth began to take on a different edge, more like a burning.  Liasare felt Jurek’s breath against her cheek and the warmth began to move lower and eventually centered on the apex of her thighs.  It began to intensify as she looked into his eyes and she saw them change again to that magnificent silver. Her breath quickened and she placed her hand over his, locking it in place, daring him to move it. The silver in his eyes brightened as the warmth between her legs began to burn until it burst forth, shattering into brilliance.
She moaned and closed her eyes as she tried to understand what had just happened to her.  Jurek tried to move his hand but she still gripped it tightly.
Sweet mother of all sex gods, I’m pretty sure I just had my first orgasm.
“What the fuck do you think you’re doing to me?” She tried to cover her embarrassment.
“Your language is deplorable and if I recall correctly, you quite enjoyed it,” he replied smugly.
“Oh, you would say that, butthat. What was I supposed to do?  I couldn’t talk much less move. You all but forced yourself on me!”
“Excuse me? You’re the one who clamped down on my hand. As a matter of fact, you still have a death grip on me.  I couldn’t move if I wanted to.  Afraid I’ll take it away from you Davidson?”
“Of all the ...” Liasare realized he was right. She was squeezing the hell out of his hand, and had been for quite some time. Her face immediately flamed with heat as she released him and turned away. She jerked herself away from his reach.
“What the hell are you? How was that even possible?  What even happened anyway?”
“You had an orgasm Liasare.”
She swung her fist at him saying, “I realize that. But I’ve never had an orgasm from someone touching my forehead, Jurek! And what happened to me when I hit that jerk who kept calling me ‘Brownie’?”
“Our touch is different from other’s Liasare.  It can cause pain, as you experienced when you hit Tak, or it can cause pleasure of varying degrees. I did not intend for you to climax from my touch, although I’m not sorry you did.  You appear to be unusually sensitive to our touch. Your reaction to Tak was quite extraordinary.”
“I would call it something completely different and I hope to never experience it again.”
“Each time you touch one of us, it will become easier.  It won’t necessarily be pleasant, but your body will not react as harshly.”
“What are you?”
“I’ve already told you ... none of your concern.”
“Oh, that’s really nice.  I’m supposed to sit back and allow you to blindly lead me around and be satisfied with that answer?”
“Let me just say that we are all very powerful.  We are next to impossible to destroy.”
“Great! That’s just excellent,” Liasare said sarcastically.
“I have saved your life twice now.  Why the sarcasm?”
“Twice?”
“Yes, the night you stabbed the Xanthian.  That was me.”
“Shit.”
“Quit swearing so much. It isn’t ladylike.”
“Seriously?”
“Yes, seriously.”
“Perfect! Not only is he bossy as hell, he’s a damn prude.” Liasare shook her head and looked away.
“Okay, this is a tad awkward here now.”
“How so?”
“Are you for real?  Did you not just see me spaz out, throw up again, and then have a fucking orgasm by you putting your hand on my head.  What part of this whole situation isn’t awkward?”
Jurek shrugged.  “It could be worse. You could be dead right now. If we don’t do something about your looks, you may end up that way.”
“What are you talking about?”
He extended his hand to her and helped her off the cot.
“Those Xanthians I killed in the club were last seen with you.  There are security cameras all over the place. People saw you. Those vids will be scanned and they’ll be looking for you.  So now, you need to alter your appearance.”
“Fuck me!”
“And for the love of the gods would you stop using such foul language?”
“What are you? The language police?  Forget it.  I’ll use whatever language I want. Get used to it! Besides, my life is in danger and you’re concerned about me swearing.”
Jurek groaned and gave her a hard look.  “I believe you’re going to be more trouble than you’re worth.  It’s late.  Get some sleep. We’ll talk about this in the morning.”
Liasare started to give him a nasty retort, but he flashed out of the room, robbing her of the opportunity. She dropped onto the cot and lost the urge to argue for she was fast asleep in less than a minute.

***

Liasare slipped out of the warehouse early the next morning. She made her way into town and then headed back to the old Dillsworth area to hang out for the rest of the day. Getting away from Jurek was high on her list of priorities.  While she felt he afforded her some kind of protection, he and his men also scared the living crap out of her. She felt every bit as unsafe around them as she did on the streets of Center City. What kind of power did they wield if their mere touch could send her into painful spasms, like the ones she experienced yesterday?  Geez, with those kinds of friends, who needed enemies?
Time crept by so slowly; Liasare felt like a month had passed by the time the afternoon sun began making its descent across the sky. It was early fall and soon the nights would be getting longer. She wasn’t sure if this was a good or a bad thing.  Gathering her things together, she headed to town.
Not having eaten since yesterday, she found the first diner she could score a seat in and grabbed a quick bite to eat.  Her funds were diminishing so she was going to have to figure a way to come up with some lunch money, and the sooner the better.
“What’ll it be hon?” the waitress asked.
“I’ll have the BLT on toast and some ice water please.”
Liasare spied a plate of saltines on the table, so she snatched a handful and stuffed them in her bag.
Her food arrived and she downed it in several bites.  She wasn’t sure if what she had just eaten was truly bacon, lettuce and tomato, for it tasted nothing like it, but she was ravenous and didn’t care. Her stomach wasn’t really satisfied, but it would have to do for now.  Scrimping on money was the only way she could stretch her dollars.
Another tour of the clubs was on her agenda for tonight.  Gah, this was lonely.  How she wished she could find Tommy and get out of this hellhole. Shandro was right.  This place was disgusting. If she survived this ordeal, she’d be thrilled never to have to set foot in another club for the rest of her life.
Shoving her way through the crowd, she reached the bar and got in line to order her drink.  The music was pulsing in her ears, and bodies were gyrating on the dance floor.  She did a quick scan of the crowd, locating the Xanthians.  She wanted to avoid them and she wasn’t taking any chances tonight.
“What can I get you?” the bartender yelled.
“Beer please,” she yelled back.
“Xanthian or Earth?”
“Earth.”
He handed it to her and she hunted a place to perch.  Luckily, someone got up from the end of the bar so she dashed to snatch the empty seat.  Propping herself up, she inspected the crowd.  A young woman came up next to her and Liasare struck up a conversation.
“Do you come here a lot?”
“Yeah, it’s my usual hangout. You’re new here aren’t you?”
“Yeah, it’s my first time.”
“Welcome. It’s a pretty cool place, good music, good crowd.”
“Hey, have you ever seen him?” Liasare pulled out the picture of Tommy and handed it to the girl.
“Oh, that’s Tommy.  He used to come in here all the time.  Before ...”
“Before what?”
“Before ...” she stopped talking and her eyes did a quick dart around the room.
“Yes?”
“Nothing.  Before nothing.  Forget I said anything.”
“No! Please, you have to tell me. I’ve been looking for him. He’s my brother and he’s disappeared.”
She gave me a sad look and nodded.  “He won’t be coming back. I’m sorry.”
“What do you mean?”
“Look, I gotta go,” she headed out the door. Liasare tried to follow her, but had no success. “Damn!” she cursed aloud.
Turning around, Liasare headed back to the bar. Her seat had been taken and her beer cleared away.  She elbowed her way through the throng of people, her mood soured.  She wanted one little break. She couldn’t understand how her brother could vanish and no one could tell her a thing.
Lost as she was in her thoughts, a vile smell invaded her nostrils.  She felt her arms being clasped and then a voice said, “Well, look who we have here.  Isthn’t thisth the girl from the thecurity vidsth, Brot?”
“I believe it isth.”
The urge to violently puke hit Liasare, but she forced it back down.  She couldn’t afford to lose her lunch because she didn’t have the money to replace it.
“Let’sth go,” they said as they started dragging her toward the door.  Her teleporter was in her pocket so she would have to get her hand in there. She tried to jerk away, which gave her enough leeway to reach her teleporter.  She tapped the control panel and dematerialized out of their grasp.
When she regained form, she was on a dark deserted street, but she had no idea where she was.  Her eyes darted about maniacally and her skin grew clammy.  She knew she was not safe, and needed to leave this place. Growling suddenly erupted behind her, followed by a series of guttural screams.  Her hands shook so fiercely she could barely touch the screen of her teleporter.  When she did, she ended up back at the bar, and took off running.
Now in full-blown panic mode, Liasare’s blood pounded in her throat.  She only knew one thing and that was she must get away from this place. Not knowing or caring if she’d been followed, she ran to the only place she knew she would be safe and that was back to Jurek’s warehouse.
Liasare couldn’t bring herself to walk through the door. Still furiously gulping air, she attempted unsuccessfully to calm herself.  She stared at the obscure, darkened entrance and backed away, losing her nerve.  How had she ever thought she could waltz in there?  He’d probably kill her.
Darting back across the street, she hid behind a large trashcan, eyeing the entrance.  Simply being close to it brought her a sense of security. She couldn’t say why, it just did.  At last her breathing eased and the panic that overwhelmed her began to subside.  What a fool she had been.  Reaching into her pocket, she pulled out her teleporter and programmed it for a safe location.  Wherever she had gone, she had no desire to return there.  There was something deadly there, and it was killing people.  She remembered the sounds of those screams and she shuddered.
Lying back against the building, she closed her eyes for a brief moment, trying to get the burning sensation from unshed tears to cease.
“Get up,” he said, kicking her foot. Grabbing her arm, he jerked her to her feet. “Spying on us now, Brownie?”
“No, I uh, I ...” she couldn’t finish as he dragged her inside.
“Look who I found nosing around outside,” Tak announced to everyone and he pulled her along behind him.
All eyes were upon her as her cheeks burned with shame.
“What the hell were you doing out there Davidson?” Jurek barked.
“Nothing! I wasn’t nosing around.  I was across the street.”
“Why?” he demanded.
“Because I ... er ... I ...”
“You what? Do tell. And it better be good.”
“I didn’t have anywhere else to go,” she mumbled.
Jurek came forward and walked a circle around her, sniffing. “You smell like Xanthians. I swear if you’ve led them here, you will die.”
“I ... I ... they were trying to take me away and I broke away from them.” Her heart jumped into her throat and her mouth was suddenly dry, making it impossible to swallow.
“That’s impossible.  You couldn’t escape them. Humans are too slow.”
“I teleported.”  She fisted her hands so tightly her nails cut into her palms.
“Fine.  Then what brings you here?” he growled.
“I ... something scared me out there. I didn’t have anywhere else to go.”
“Whoop-tee-fucking-do. You got scared. Get used to it. This is Earth. Year 2030. Occupied by Xanthians and other undesirables. Get over it already or go home,” he scowled.
“I teleported someplace by accident and there was something there that was killing people. I heard awful screaming,” her voice was bordering on hysteria.
“Like I said, get over it Davidson or go home.”
“When I hit my teleporter I ended up back at the club and I ran here.  I didn’t know where else to go.  Please let me stay here tonight. Then I won’t bother you anymore. I swear. I don’t want to go back out there. I’m really scared.” She was trembling and had wrapped her arms tightly around her stomach, her eyes staring at the floor.
The men chuckled at her, and Jurek shook his head.
“Such a marvelous show of bravado from one who slinks away without so much as a word of thanks.”  He raked his eyes over her, trying to discern if she were telling the truth.  He could detect the metallic smell of fear radiating off of her and could hear her blood racing through her veins. Satisfied she was being honest with him, he said, “You stay here tonight, you play by my rules, you got it?”
She nodded.
“Take that back room with the cot, the one you slept in last night.  And Davidson, I don’t give many second chances. Are we clear?”

***

“Tak, Ludo, Marik!  In here now!” Jurek bellowed. Turning to Liasare, he growled, “You’ll do as I say. Do you want to die?”
“No, of course not! But I will not bleach my hair blonde. That’s it. Any color but that. End of discussion.”
“I think she needs to be a red head,” Tak interjected as he entered the room.
Liasare rolled her eyes at him.
“I’ll go red.  Black.  Purple.  Anything but blonde.”
“Do it then,” Jurek instructed.  “And cut it too.”
“Whoa!  Wait a minute.  No one ever said anything about cutting my hair.  I’m drawing the line at that.”
“Not up for discussion.  If you value your hide, you’ll cut your hair.  Now!”
“What if I refuse?”
“Davidson, there are no bars on the windows here.  You are free to leave at any time and crawl back to your garage in Dillsworth so you can sleep alone in the daytime, waiting for those vile creatures to discover your whereabouts.  Just know this: if you leave this time, there is no coming back.  I meant what I said last night.  No second chances.  And when those vile creatures discover your whereabouts, they will tear you apart, limb by limb ... that is after they rape you several dozen times.  Enjoy the Xanthian Kiss.  It was nice knowing you.”
Liasare stared at her feet knowing damn well he was right.
“Okay.  You win.”
“This isn’t a contest Davidson. It’s the way it is. It’s survival of the fittest. If you want to survive, you’ll listen to me and follow orders. Do you understand?”
“Yes, I understand.”
Chapter 7


Liasare went about the business of cutting her hair to shoulder length and dying it black.  She refused to be a blonde. The general consensus was that red was also too noticeable.  Black was the only other option.
“That’s not short enough Davidson,” Jurek complained.  “It looks too much like it did before.”
“No, it doesn’t. It’s completely different.”
“Come with me,” he said, grabbing her arm.
“Where?”
Not answering her, he escorted her out of the warehouse toward town.  They walked for about fifteen minutes, with Liasare babbling the whole way, trying to find out where he was taking her.  They finally stopped in front of a discreet shop, where Liasare noticed the words, “Jaylen’s Escort Service.”
“Wait a minute! You’re taking me to an escort service?”
“I have a friend that will help you with your hair.  She is the owner of this place.”
“I will not go in there,” Liasare said disdainfully.
“Oh, yes you will.”
“I will not.”
“Why? Because you think you are better than Jaylen?  Is that it?”
“Yes!  I wouldn’t stoop to the level she has.”
Jurek’s lips thinned and his eyes had become hardened orbs of black granite.  “Oh, I see.  So when your sweet little ass was tucked away safely on Vesturon and everyone back on Earth was praying for a miracle, watching loved ones die, starving to death or getting killed by Xanthians, did you ever stop and think what people like Jaylen were forced to do to survive?  What are you? Twelve? Grow up Davidson.  Life isn’t black and white.  Shades of grey exist in every part, every aspect.  It’s not good versus bad, or dark versus light.  There are varying degrees of everything in all of us.  Get used to it.  Your little goody two shoes life is over and if you think it’s not, you better get the hell back to Vesturon.  Now change your attitude and fast or you can get out of my sight.”
Liasare was shocked by his outburst.  She had never given much thought to the plight of others, truth be told, and she felt ashamed of that now. She bowed her head and stared at her feet. Jurek was right.  Liasare and her family didn’t know what it had been like to go through the pandemic on Earth.  Her sister had gotten them out before things deteriorated to the hopeless state it had become.  She still had nightmares about that, so she could not begin to imagine what someone like Jaylen had endured to stay alive.
Jurek, having heard Liasare’s thoughts, decided to enlighten her.
“Jaylen was fourteen when the pandemic hit. Everyone in her family perished except for her.  She lived on the streets to survive.  She became a Xanthian whore, her words, not mine.  I would never refer to her as that.  She is one of the most beautiful people I have ever known. She lived among them for seven years, until they tired of her. They released her after that and that’s when she opened her own business. She is good to her employees and doesn’t allow her clients to abuse any of her women. Because of her past relationship with the Xanthians, she has their protection. Make no mistake; she has no love for them. If you treat her with anything other than the respect she deserves, you will pay for it. Do you understand me?”
“Yes, and I feel terrible for what she went through.”
“Do not tell her you know of this. She wouldn’t be pleased I shared this with you. Come.”
When Liasare met Jaylen, she knew why Jurek thought so highly of her. She was a slightly built brunette but her personality packed a punch and left you reeling. She was thirty going on a hundred and her knowing eyes betrayed her life’s experiences.
“Woohoo,” she screamed as she opened the door when she saw who was standing there. “Get in here right now!” She grabbed Jurek by the arm and pulled him through the door.  “What in the world do I owe this surprise to?” she asked as Jurek embraced her, lifting her up in the air as he did.
Liasare felt a tinge of envy, but tried to deny it.  She looked at the two of them together, and that envy grew until she had to squash it down.
“It’s been too long Jaylen,” Jurek lamented as he kissed her cheek.
“And whose fault is that? My God, a girl has to be dying, or close to it, to get you to come and visit.  Now, since I’m neither and I see you’re not alone, what’s going on? And stop being so damn rude and introduce me to your friend here, Jurek.” Jaylen looked at Liasare and winked, and then under her breath said, “Men, they have no manners, do they?”
“Jaylen, this is Liasare Davidson and she is in need of some of your famous beauty tips.  We need to alter her identity a bit. She was a brunette with long hair.  I think it needs to be shorter so she is less recognizable.  Any suggestions?”
“Well, just cut right to the chase why don’t cha? Gah!  Dang, Jurek, why don’t you give the poor girl a break?  How about, let’s chitchat a little before you break into all of that?  Tell you what, why don’t you leave us alone for a bit and we’ll get this all figured out?”  Turning to Liasare, she asked, “How do you feel about chin length?”
“Perfect!” Jurek decided.
“No fucking way!” Liasare shouted.
“Well, I’m glad we are all in agreement here.  Jurek, why don’t you get lost for a bit and pick Liasare up in say, three hours.”

***

Jaylen was quite the persuasive one.  By the time she was finished with Liasare’s new hairstyle, no one would’ve recognized her.
Liasare now sported a bob that brushed the tops of her shoulders.  She was adamant about not going as short as her chin, so Jaylen had compromised.  They decided black was the perfect color, but they added some deep burgundy highlights.  Under ordinary circumstances, Liasare would have scoffed at putting highlights like these in her hair, but these times were anything but ordinary. Thinking the highlights would be garish and slightly on the goth side, they were both surprised to find how they softened the harsh look of the black against Liasare’s fair skin.  They also emphasized the golden flecks in her hazel eyes, giving them a radiance that had gone unnoticed before ... well, unnoticed by everyone except for Jurek.
“Uh oh.  I don’t know if Jurek will be pleased or pissed,” Jaylen mused.
“What do you mean?”
“Look at you.  You were attractive before.  You’re downright gorgeous now! Hey, do you need a job?” she laughed.
They both laughed, but Liasare said something that puzzled Jaylen. “If you hired me, you’d go broke in six weeks. I’d run everyone off in no time flat.”
“Yeah, right. We never talked about it but what are you doing here?”
“I’m looking for my brother,” Liasare said as she reached in her shirt for his picture. “By the way, have you seen him?”
Jaylen took the picture and gasped.  “Oh, no!  This is your brother?”
“Yeah it is and please tell me everything you know.”
“He is a Xanthian minion.”
“I don’t know what that is.  And he can’t be anything Xanthian.  He hates them.”
“A Xanthian minion is one who follows and adheres to everything Xanthian.  He’s like one of their puppets.  It’s like they drug them or something.”
“What? What do you mean?”
“Maybe we should wait to discuss this when Jurek gets back,” Jaylen decided.
“No!  I need to know this now.  I’ve been looking for him.  I have to know!”
Jaylen shook her head and said, “I’m really sorry.  I knew Thomas. He was a customer here.  The girls liked him for his kindness and ... well, other things too, if you get my drift.  He suddenly stopped coming. I didn’t think much about it until I ran into him on the street one day and he acted like he didn’t recognize me. He was with a group of Xanthian leaders. They all knew me and stopped to chat, but he stood there like he was in a daze.  That’s when I knew he’d become a minion.”

***

“Is that it?” Jurek demanded.
“That’s all I know. I didn’t dare act like I knew him and I wouldn’t think of asking the Xanthians about him,” Jaylen added.
“But I don’t understand,” Liasare protested. “Thomas abhorred the Xanthians for as long as I can remember.  He always talked about coming back here to regain control of the planet.  He can’t have done this willfully.”
“How else can it be explained?” Jurek asked.
“I don’t know, but I’m going to find out.  Maybe they kidnapped him and drugged him. I need to find him and confront him,” Liasare insisted. 
“How do you plan to do that? Start asking every Xanthian you see?” Jurek’s voice dripped sarcasm.
Liasare threw Jurek a disgusted look and retorted, “Am I wearing a shirt that says, ‘Moron’?”
“No, you’re wearing one that says, ‘Trouble’.”
“Oh, that’s hilarious.”
“Hey, stop it you two. You’re not accomplishing anything by bickering,” Jaylen interrupted.  “Besides, I have an idea.”
“Let’s hear it.  It has to be better than anything Liasare has to say.”
That brought a huge grunt from Liasare and a sour look from Jaylen.
“So, there’s this soiree that’s being sponsored by the Xanthian’s and all the Who’s Who will be there.  Maybe I could scrounge up a couple of extra tickets for the two of you.”
“Brilliant idea, Jaylen!” Jurek exclaimed.
“No. I don’t do those things.”
“Well, make yourself do those things Liasare.  If you want to get information about your brother, you’re going to have to suck it up,” Jurek added drily.
“I don’t have the proper clothing for something like that.”
“Not a problem.  That’s where I can help,” Jaylen added.
“What would I have to wear?” Liasare wondered.
“It’s a fairly dressy event. Not formal mind you, but close. There will be everything from cocktail attire to black tie.”
“No way. I can’t do that.”
“Why ever not? You’d look great in a sexy cocktail dress. I’m sure I could find a pretty dress for you to borrow.”
Liasare felt the panic beginning to consume her.  She could never wear anything that would expose her skin.  She had to have everything covered.  And then there was the issue of her leg so normal shoes were out of the question as well.  She felt the beginnings of a full on panic attack approaching.  She glanced around uneasily, looking for an escape, as her body began to tremble.
“Liasare, what is it?” she heard Jaylen ask.
Jurek cocked his head and stared at her in his odd way.
She made it as far as the door when she felt his arm snake around her waist.  His breath was warm against her ear as he whispered, “Tell me what has you so upset.”
She shook her head, trying to dispel the question, refusing to answer. She felt him release her, but his words stopped her.
“If finding your brother is important to you, then going to this soiree may be the answer you are seeking. The decision is yours, but I find it odd that you balk at attending a simple party. It’s apparent you are hiding something.  Will you make it necessary for me to reach into your mind to find out what it is?”
She shoved his arm away and ran out the door.
Chapter 8


Liasare wandered through the streets, thinking about Tommy and what happened at Jaylen’s. Maybe she should just tell Jurek why she didn’t want to go to the party.  She thought about the day she and Tommy had that stupid accident.  It wasn’t like it was a big secret or anything. She simply didn’t like to talk about it because it made her so uncomfortable.
As she walked, she inspected the people on the streets.  She noticed a couple of things that triggered a memory. That day she’d gone to the warehouse where she thought Tommy lived, she’d seen those two men that looked drugged. Maybe that’s what they’d done to Tommy too.  Maybe that’s why she couldn’t find him. She dashed back to Jurek’s to share that tidbit of information with him.
When she ran inside, he was there with Tak discussing the soiree that Jaylen had mentioned.
“Nice hairdo, Brownie.  So, why don’t you like parties? Are you that bad of a dancer?” he snorted.
“This is the last time I’m telling you that my name is not Brownie.  If you can’t call me by my real name, then I refuse to answer any of your questions.”
Both men laughed at her response.
“You forget something Brownie.  One tiny command from us and we’ll have you spilling all of your secrets in no time,” Tak taunted.
She looked at them laughing, wishing like hell the knotted mass in her gut would disappear and that she wasn’t so self-conscious about why she couldn’t go to that damn party.  Realizing what Tak said was the truth, she thought back to the few times Jurek had used that trick on her.  She’d fallen under his spell and was unable to deny any of his requests. Hating the fact that she had to share something so personal and humiliating, she decided to dodge the true answer.
“The truth is, I don’t know how to dance,” she quietly said as she looked at the floor.
“Hah, I thought all girls were taught to dance,” Jurek responded.
“Yeah, well, obviously you thought wrong.  My mother taught me very little.”
“Sounds like a real nice lady,” Tak said.
“Yeah, I think you two would be besties,” she said sourly.
Both men cocked their heads at her in those weird angles, indicating they weren’t sure of the meaning of her statement.
“My mother’s a bitch. Get it? She’s mean and spiteful and from the time I was thirteen, she didn’t have another nice thing to say to me.  Why the hell would she teach me how to dance?”
“Why thirteen?” Jurek wanted to know.
“Long story.”  She kicked her toe on the floor.
“Is that the only reason you have an aversion to parties?”
Damn he’s perceptive.
“Liasare, come with me.”
When Jurek spoke in those tones, there was no use in denying him, so she followed him. She was surprised when they entered an area she hadn’t been to before.  Passing through a set of double doors, her eyes widened when she realized they had just walked into his private quarters.  Having not been to them before, she was quite astonished to see how finely appointed they were.  Liasare felt like she had stepped into another world. Her boots immediately sunk into thick carpeting making her itch to take them off.  His bed was enormous. It was made up in black silken linens, which didn’t surprise her in the least.  The furniture looked to be hand carved, extremely expensive and most likely ancient.  The corner was fitted with a black leather couch and chair that looked so comfortable she just wanted to throw herself into it.  It was all decadently tasteful right down to the exotic art lining the walls.
“Have a seat,” he indicated she should sit in the chair.
She sat on the leather sofa and watched him shrug.
“You can trust me with whatever it is that upset you back at Jaylen’s.”
“Why would I ever believe I could trust you? It’s not like you’ve exactly rolled out the welcome mat.”
Liasare felt the current of power increase in the room as she saw his eyes darken.  His mouth pressed into a thin line and he snapped, “I’ve saved your bloody ass more than once and I’ve given you safe haven.  What more proof do you need?”
Wincing at his words, a pained expression crossed over her face.  Remorse and regret instantly washed over her, yet she couldn’t bring herself to bare her soul to him.  It wasn’t trust that was holding her back.  It was pride, shame and embarrassment.  She was grotesque looking and the last thing she wanted to do was to share that vulnerable part of herself.  Bowing her head, she stared at her feet, trying to decide what to do.
“Look, the truth is I need you to go to that soiree with me.  Not only for your brother but for other things we are working on. Let me explain. There have been many disappearances. Thousands and everyday there are more. We are trying to find where, why and how.  Our leads have been minimal.  Earth isn’t the only place this is happening.  This soiree may be one place we can pick up some information.  Go with me.  I’ll behave.  I promise not to act like an ass.  I’ll be a gentleman.”
She lifted her head and exhaled. Not going would seem petty and selfish, childish even.  Her decision made, she began, “I can’t go, not because I don’t want to, but because of this.” She pulled up her sleeves and showed him her arms.  The scars were horrific.  Her skin was an angry red twisted mass of fibrous tissue that was the result of severe burns.
“My entire body is like this, except for my hands, neck and face.  So now you know the real reason.” She knotted her fingers as she dropped her head and stared at her feet again.
Silence descended on the room like an enormous grey elephant.  She began to fidget and decided it was time for her to get out of there before she said something really stupid.
“How did it happen?” he eventually asked, reaching for her arm.
“It was a stupid accident. I was thirteen and my brother was fifteen.  Our neighbor left his Speedster out so we decided to take it for a spin.  We’d been fascinated by the thing.  I guess since we were human, that flying motorcycle was something we couldn’t keep our eyes off of.  Thomas had a friend who taught him how to fly one, so being the young fools we were, off we went. Thomas made me wear the helmet.  It pissed me off but he said if I didn’t wear it, we couldn’t go. We’d never been anywhere so I finally relented.  Up we flew and it was the most amazing thing I’d ever felt in my life.” She lifted her eyes to Jurek and grinned as she remembered that feeling of absolute freedom.
“Thomas flew us toward the mountains and as we crested them we got our first glimpse of the sea.  We were so shocked it had been right on the other side of the range and we never knew it!  I can’t begin to tell you how excited we were.  I still remember those feelings exactly like it was yesterday.  The beauty of the coastline … the smell of the salty air … the wind against my body. We were laughing and having the biggest damn thrill of our lives ... that is until the alarms starting ringing.  We were almost out of fuel. In our excitement, we never thought to pay attention to the fuel gage. Thomas turned the Speedster back toward home but we never made it.  We crashed just on the other side of the mountains.  Thomas was thrown but I landed beneath the Speedster as it exploded.  They didn’t think I was alive, because I was so badly burnt. The helmet saved me; my head would’ve been crushed otherwise.  I also had on gloves, which is why my hands aren’t scarred.  My right leg and pelvis were shattered.  My leg is about one and a half inches shorter than my left, which is why I can’t dance.  I have to wear special shoes.  I have boots made to accommodate the difference in leg lengths. I’ve had twenty-three surgeries to fix everything.  They did the best they could, but it was never quite enough. I’m lucky; if it would have happened here, I’m sure I would have died.  Thomas took care of me.  He did everything for me. My mother did nothing.  She told me afterward that I was worthless and would never amount to anything.  She didn’t even want them to try to save me because she said I’d be so disfigured no one would be able to stand to look at me. She was right about that. So now you know.” Liasare started to stand when his words halted her.
“Do they pain you?”
“Huh?” Her eyes were on his muscular shoulders as his shirt stretched tightly across them when he reached for her other arm.
“Your wounds.  Do they pain you?”
“Sometimes, but I’ve had them longer than I haven’t so I guess I’m used to it.”
“Would you rather not have them?”
“What kind of a stupid question is that?” she asked, bristling as she snatched her arms out of his grasp.
“It’s not a stupid question.  If you had the choice, would you rather not have them?” he persisted.
“Of course! How can you ask that?  I have to be covered from head to toe all the time. I’m hideous Jurek. I ... yeah, I would rather not have them,” she answered glumly.
“I can take them away if you’d like.”
“That’s not possible.”
“Yes, it is. Give me your arm and I’ll show you.”
He took her arm and pulled the sleeve up higher.  He held it between his hands and slid his them up and down around it.  Liasare felt the heat begin and grow, then it intensified, not quite to the point of pain but it wasn’t exactly comfortable either.  
When he pulled his hands away, she looked down at her arm and her skin was as smooth as ever with not so much as a blemish in sight.  Her hand trembled as she reached to touch it, hardly allowing herself to believe what she was seeing. She held up her arm and looked at it from different angles, trying to understand what she was seeing.
Liasare lifted her eyes to him saying, “I don’t understand.  How could you do that?”
“It’s one of my gifts,” he stated.
“Thank you,” she whispered, still not believing her eyes, pinching her skin.
“Would you want me to take all of your scars away?”
“You would do that?”
“Only if you consent to go to the soiree with me. I want you to think about something else.  It would be prudent for you to allow me to remove them.  If someone would see them, there is no doubt they could identify you by them.  Without them, you would be less noticeable.”
She nodded, agreeing.  “When can we do this?”
“Now if you’d like.  But afterward, you and I will both have to recuperate because the healing on you will drain you and using so much power will drain me.”
“How long?”
“Only a day or two.”
“Okay.  But I have to ask.  Is there a catch?”
“I’ve already told you.  First, I want you to trust me enough to listen to my orders when I give them.  Second, you must attend the soiree with me.”
She thought for a second and nodded her head in agreement.
“I need to go and take care of a few things before we do this and then we need to eat.  There is a robe on the back of the bathroom door.  You’ll need to remove all of your clothing and undergarments. You can wear the robe.”
“What? Why do I have to do that?” She was shocked because she never thought she would have to bare herself to him.
He approached her, placed his hands on her shoulders and softly said, “I realize this will be uncomfortable for you, but in order for me to heal you, I have to touch your skin.  I’m sorry but that’s the only way.  You witnessed what I did with your arm.  That’s exactly what I must do to the rest of you. You need to trust me Liasare.”
His voice was soft and deep and she felt her head nodding.  She knew she would agree to anything at this moment here with him. She inhaled deeply as his fragrance infused her, washing over her.  She closed her eyes, wanting this moment to go on forever.  She was calm and relaxed, but she had no earthly idea why.  When she opened her eyes, she was standing in the room, all alone.
She walked into the bathroom and, true to his word, hanging on the door, was a luxurious black satin robe.  She quickly stripped off her clothing, including her leg wrap and wrapped herself in its soft folds.  His scent was all around her now.
Liasare limped back to the couch and curled her legs beneath her.  As she huddled in one corner, she thought of Jurek and how much sexuality the man oozed.  He was a walking, talking desire magnet. Every time she was near him, her temperature spiked, she felt a current of electricity zoom through her and that place between her legs heated up like a sultry August day in the South.  She was completely inexperienced where men were concerned. Hell, she’d never even been kissed for Christ’s sake.  Liasare compared the way she felt around Jurek to the way Shandro made her feel and it was like comparing being stunned by an annihilator versus getting hit with a wet noodle. She was certain of one thing though—she could tell the difference between “You light my fire,” and “There ain’t a damn thing there bud.” What was it about him that did that to her? Yes, he was attractive, but so was Shandro. In fact, Shandro may even have been better looking.  They both had damn fine bodies.  Not that she knew what men looked like naked since she was a damn virgin for Christ’s sake. Who in their right mind would have ever wanted to see her naked with all her scars?  She would’ve sent them running faster than any form of Vesturion supernatural Power of Speed could ever do.
As her mind took her down that road, she began to wonder what Jurek’s reaction was going to be when he saw what her body looked like when she was stripped bare.  She was positive he would be disgusted.  Why wouldn’t he? She disgusted herself.  That was one reason why she never pursued any kind of a social life.  It was easier to stay away from it altogether than to avoid those kinds of awkward situations.
The door swung open and Jurek strode in carrying a tray laden with an assortment of food.
“Hungry?”
“Yes, thanks.”
“Here,” he said setting the tray down.  “Help yourself.  I’m going to shower and change. I’ll be back in a minute.”
Liasare’s eyes followed him as he made his way to the bathroom.  He moved like a panther, gliding and stalking. He didn’t simply walk and he barely made a sound when he moved.  She loved to watch his ass move as he walked.  It was quite a sight to behold, since he was always seemed to be wearing snug fitting pants.
“I take it you like the view,” he said as he shut the door.  Liasare felt her face flame as it turned several shades of red.

***

Thirty minutes later, they’d finished eating and Jurek left the room with the tray.  He returned with a pitcher of iced lemon water, a bucket of ice and several glasses.
He poured Liasare and himself a glass of lemon water.
“Are you ready?”
“Will it hurt?”
“About the same as last time, but keep in mind we’ll be doing your entire body, so you’ll feel a bit more uncomfortable.  If necessary, I can calm you with my touch.  It will ease your pain as well.”
“Okay.  Thank you.  I know you don’t have to do this.  I want you to know how much I appreciate it.”
He cocked his head to the side and looked at her.  His eyes penetrated hers and he mumbled, “There’s something ...”
“What?”
“I didn’t say anything.”
“Yes, I heard you say the word ‘something.’”
“You’re mistaken.  Come, let’s get started.”  He took her hand and pulled her to her feet.
“Jurek, I’m so ashamed of the way I look. It makes me really uncomfortable.”  She stared at the floor, unable to look at him.  She squeezed her hands in a fist to prevent them from shaking.
“I understand you’re uncomfortable, but you should never be ashamed Liasare.”  Her words tugged at his heart. This confused him because women normally didn’t affect him this way. She was different though.  He’d felt something unusual from the first moment he was near her ... and he knew she felt it too.
He took her chin in his hand and lifted her head.
“Look at me, please.”
She opened her eyes to him.
“I will do my best to make this as comfortable for you as I can, but never be ashamed of something that you had no control over. Do you understand me? Now relax.”
A soothing feeling washed over her. It removed her inhibitions and made her forget that she was ever anxious at all.
He slid his hands to the tie of the robe and carefully undid it and then he slipped the robe off her shoulders.  Nothing could have prepared him for what he saw.  He hissed when he got his first glimpse of the multitude of scars that covered all of her body.
He pulled his shirt over his head and said, “Come into me,” as he held his arms open.  Their bodies pressed closely together as his arms wrapped around her.  She placed her arms around his waist and could feel his energy humming beneath her hands.
“I’ll start with your back,” he murmured.  She felt the warmth of his hands as they made circular motions across her skin.  The heat became intense as his hands moved faster and faster, spanning the entirety of her back.
When his hands came to a rest, he asked, “How do you feel?”
“I’m okay,” she mumbled.
“I’m going to turn you around now.”
“Why?”
“It will be easier for you if I heal the front of your body without looking at you since my hands will be touching your...”
“Oh, I see.  Okay then,” she stammered as she quickly turned around, covering herself with her hands.
Jurek placed his cheek next to hers and whispered, “Liasare, there is no need to cover yourself.  Even with your scars, you are lovely.”
“Don’t say that, please.”
“I only speak the truth.”
He brushed her hands out of the way, replacing them with his. He began to touch her everywhere, moving slowly at first and then picking up speed, the heat increasing with the intensity of his touch.  Liasare found she did not feel ashamed or uncomfortable in the least. In fact, though she couldn’t remember doing it, somehow she turned during the whole process and was facing him when he finished, her arms resting on his shoulders.
“No, not just lovely, gorgeous,” Jurek whispered under his breath.
Looking into his eyes, she saw breathtaking swirling orbs of silver.  She leaned into him with parted lips and touched hers to his. She heard him suck in his breath right before he returned her kiss.  It began soft and sweet, but something fierce erupted between them and he lifted her up, taking possession of her mouth. He burned, as he tasted every inch of her mouth, coaxing her with his lips and tongue.  Hesitating in her movements, she felt clumsy as she ran her tongue along his lip, exploring his mouth in much the same way he was hers.  Wanting to taste more of him, she awkwardly mimicked him. This was her first true kiss and she didn’t know what she was supposed to do.  Having been the object of ridicule for the scars she bore, she felt like she wore her inexperience like a neon sign.
“Mmmm, you taste so sweet. Just keep doing what you’re doing, and don’t worry about anything else,” he whispered into her mouth.
She ran her fingers through his hair and loved its silkiness as it slid through her fingers.  That fire between her legs had erupted and was now roaring and turning into a full-fledged five alarm number.  Either they were going to move this thing over to the bed, or she was going to combust in his arms.  She wrapped her legs around his waist and that little movement brought a bit of sanity back to both of them.
“Liasare, we still have some work to do,” he said as he set her back on the floor and stepped back.
Now she was embarrassed. Jurek immediately began to move his hands over her hips and buttocks, continuing the healing process.  It was about this time when Liasare began to feel herself becoming very tired.  It was also becoming more difficult to stand on her one good leg.  Jurek had her lift her arms so he could heal her sides and midway through she felt herself falling.
“Why didn’t you tell me you were feeling so weak?” he asked as he carried her to the bed.
She shook her head, unable to respond.
He continued to move his hands over her body, and she watched him now, amazed at how they moved.  Though she was exhausted, and her skin was tingling and beginning to scream, Liasare was mesmerized by Jurek’s healing hands.  They skimmed her skin, barely touching, yet holding her so firmly she was sure he touched her soul.  Every cell vibrated with his energy.  He cradled each of her legs like they were precious porcelain, easily broken by the merest of harsh touches.  When he was finished, her skin glowed like she had been kissed by the sun.
“Your leg, would you like for me to make it complete again?”
“You are able to do that too?” she asked.
“It will be painful since your bones will be regenerating.”
She nodded.  While he gripped her leg, it dawned on her that she had been lying there, stark naked, while he worked.  Now her shyness nearly incapacitated her. She struggled to cover herself.
“Stop squirming Liasare.  Is it painful already?”
“No, it’s just that I’m ...” her voice trailed off and she swallowed the rest of her words.
Her eyes found his and they were all but devouring her.
“I rather like you this way,” he said hoarsely.  “Stop interrupting me. Relax.”
Again, that soothing calm washed over her and her shyness vanished. He resumed his business of healing her leg, grasping it tightly.  Suddenly, the pain gripped her, and she moaned.  She stuck her fist in her mouth, hoping to stem any other noise she might make. She never wanted to appear weak in front of Jurek.  He made it clear to her from the beginning that it was something he didn’t tolerate so it was the last thing she wanted to show him.
Her leg began to burn and then it felt like her bones were breaking.
“Awww,” she cried out.
Jurek took one of his hands and placed it on her forehead, and it immediately relieved some of her pain, making it tolerable.  Her bones continued to make awful sounds but then, mercifully, the pain ebbed and then stopped altogether.
When Jurek looked at her, he noticed her forehead was damp with sweat.  He wiped his hand across it and ran it through her hair.  He lifted the sheet and gently dabbed the sweat from her face.
“I think perhaps we are finished.  Do you think you can stand?  I would like to make sure your legs are the same length,” he said examining her leg for any flaws.
Liasare slid off the bed and was thrilled to see the results of his powers.  She expected to feel some pain, but was surprised to find none.  She no longer was forced to limp and her skin was perfect. Every inch of her was completely without scars.  She kept staring at her legs and her stomach and suddenly she broke down and cried.  She dropped to the floor and sobbed.
Jurek lifted her and placed her back in the bed, wrapping her in the covers.
She tried to speak but she made no sense at all so she just let herself cry.  Never in a million years did she think she would ever look like this. She always thought she’d go through life alone because of her scars.  Now they were gone and she was amazed at how beautiful her skin looked. Thinking about how she had looked and what she was now made her emotions explode and that brought around another river of tears. She wanted Tommy to see her so he could stop blaming himself for that stupid accident. She wrapped her fists in the sheet and sobbed some more.
Jurek shook his head for he was at a loss.  He thought she should be happy, but here she was, bawling.  He’d always had a difficult time with women, but this one was beginning to wrap herself around his heart. There was something about her that seemed to stir him.  She was different than the others he had been with. She was beautiful, to be sure, but it wasn't just about that or sex.  There was more to it with her, some connection that he couldn’t quite name.  Yes, he’d love nothing more than to sleep with her, but he knew deep down that with her even that wouldn’t be enough.  He’d best push himself away from her.  They had a big job to do and there was some bad shit going down.  He didn’t have time to be getting involved with Brownie here.
“Hey, I thought you’d like this! What’s going on here?” he playfully nudged her.
“I do like it. In fact, I love it.  I guess I’m getting a bit emotional on you.  Sorry about that, but I keep thinking about my brother. He always blamed himself for the way I looked. If he could only see me now,” she sniffed. “Then I started thinking about all those times he had to come to my rescue, saving me from all the ridicule and hateful things the kids said to me.  I would tell him it didn’t matter, when it really did. I hated it. I hated school; I hated facing them and having to deal with them every day.  I tried to avoid them as best I could, but my mother would force me to do things that would put me in the middle of them. She enjoyed seeing my feelings get hurt all the time, like she was blaming me for taking that stupid ride because I survived. Anyway, sorry for going on and on about this.  I didn’t mean to get all sloppy on you.” She wiped her eyes for the umpteenth time with the sheet, sniffing again.
“It’s okay Liasare.  I’m sorry you had to go through all of that.”  His eyes softened when they looked at her and he reached out his hand and tucked her hair behind her ear.  “Look, I think we’re both exhausted and need some sleep. Can I get you some water?”
She nodded and he went and poured them a couple of glasses.  She watched his muscles ripple as he moved when he handed her the glass.  Then he stripped off his pants and Liasare noticed he was commando.  Her mouth dropped open and her eyes almost bugged out of her head.
So this is what I’ve been missing my whole life? God, what a body! Those muscles, that ass and that ... that ... oh gawd!
She couldn’t tear her eyes away from him.  On his hip was a black tattoo similar to the ones he wore on his arms.  It hugged his hipbone, wrapping and twisting around it. She wanted to crawl over to him and slowly trace the markings with her fingers and tongue.  Her hand automatically went to her mouth, wiping it. She could’ve sworn there was drool running down her chin.
Bringing the glass of water to her lips, her hand trembled and she spilled some of its contents on the sheets.  Jurek tossed her a glance and gave her a cocky grin, indicating he knew what kind of effect his nudity had on her. Eventually she let loose a long breath, set the glass on the nightstand, and lay her head on the pillow.  Her exhaustion had disappeared, leaving in its wake a deep unsatisfied ache between her legs. She wondered how his nudity could have such an effect on her. This man was an enigma to be certain, but he was also a sexual magnet for her. Sleep eluded her for a long time, and when it finally came, it was fitful and filled with unpleasant dreams.
Chapter 9


Liasare was surrounded by them, as they closed off her only exit.  The one closest to her began to laugh, causing chills to run up and down her spine.  Her heart pounded as she broke into a sweat and her eyes darted around to assess her situation, which she knew was not good. It was five against one. She had one annihilator, one knife and two throwing stars.  Before she had a chance to grab any of her weapons, the one nearest her had his arm up against her throat, cutting off her supply of air.  
“Not stho fun now, isth it?  Not to worry, after you’ve had a tasthe of me, you’ll be begging for all of usth,” the Xanthian said as he leaned in to her, with his putrid mouth dripping its toxic saliva.
Knowing she was trapped as the beast held her in his ironclad grip, she screamed as nauseating spurts of adrenaline coursed through her veins.  As she struggled to escape she heard her name in the distance.  It was coming to her from somewhere unknown almost as if it were traveling through a foggy haze.
“Liasare, wake up.  You’re dreaming.”
Her senses became aware of the intoxicating exotic scent that washed over her, instantly calming her.  She clung to him as his arms gently massaged her back.
“It’s okay.  You’re safe.”
She was trembling as she remembered the Xanthian as he came to her and the way he smelled.  She tightened her hold on Jurek.
“Sshh.  It was only a bad dream.  Whoever it was can’t hurt you here.”
She clutched him and twisted her arms and legs around him like ivy, burying her face in his neck.  His scent soothed her and his strength comforted her.
“That must have been some bad dream for you to be this upset.”  His arms hugged her body close to his, making her feel safe within them. 
“They chased me, had me cornered and the butt-ugly motherfucker was getting ready to kiss me.  The saliva was dripping from his mouth. Ugh, they’re so repulsive.”
She felt his chest rumble with laughter.
“It’s not funny Jurek. Their smell makes me throw up.  How can you laugh at me?”
“I’m not laughing at you.  I’m laughing at your description of the Xanthian.”
“Ew, they’re so foul.”
“You need to learn how to defend yourself.”
“I know how to defend myself. I want to learn how to fight.”
“You don’t need to know how to fight. Only to defend.  And you don’t know how to do it. You only think you know.  Tak will train you how to truly defend yourself.  You’re about a quarter of the way there now, but you have a great deal to learn.  Now go back to sleep.  We have a lot to do in the days ahead.”
“I still think I need to learn to fight.  I want to learn.  Knowing how to defend is only half the battle.”
“It’s the one that will save your life.  We will protect you and fight for you.  You only need to defend yourself long enough for one of us to arrive.  That’s all you need to learn.  And if you’re excellent at defense, no offense will score against you.”
“I still think...”
“Hush Liasare.  You said you would obey me and this is when I must insist.  Now go to sleep.”
She groaned and turned away from him in frustration.
He pulled her against him as they both rested on their sides, her back against his front.  His arms were wrapped around her as if it were the most natural thing in the world.  It puzzled him greatly for he never allowed a woman to stay the entire night in his bed.  They had been in bed together for over fourteen hours now and he knew he could lay here with her for hours on end.  He pushed the thoughts from his mind. He knew when she woke again, she would find this situation awkward, and if he were honest with himself, so would he.  Before he drifted back to sleep, he bent his head and inhaled her scent, letting it flow over him.  He would miss this tomorrow night.

***

Liasare stretched as she came awake.  Her arms reached out and she noticed she was alone.  Sitting up, she looked around the room.  There were no windows in Jurek’s quarters, but the walls were decorated with sconces that had been turned on low.  Tossing the covers off, Liasare slid out of bed and padded to the bathroom.  She turned on the light and made her way to the mirror, only to stop dead in her tracks as she got her first total body view of herself.  Jurek must have added an extra heaping dose of his super special mojo because her skin was extraordinary.  There wasn’t so much as even the tiniest blemish on her.  Before this transformation, everything about her had been misshapen from her scarring.  Her breasts, while not small, had always looked malformed and her abdomen looked full.  Not so anymore.  She spun around to examine her backside and she had the same reaction.  She looked firmer, like she was in good physical shape.  With a huge smile on her face, she hopped in the shower and began to bathe.  Humming to herself, she didn’t hear the door open.
“From the sounds of things, I take it you are pleased with the results?”
“Ahhhh!” she screamed.  “You scared the hell out of me! Don’t you know how to knock?”
“And it also appears that our old Liasare has returned,” Jurek added, chuckling.
“Shit! You seriously gave me a heart attack.”
Jurek opened the shower door and ... stood there staring, mesmerized, only Liasare was unaware of it as her eyes were closed for she was rinsing the shampoo out of her hair.  The water sluiced down her body, making her skin glisten.  Her back was arched and her arms were raised over her head as she ran her fingers through her hair.  The white foam gently coursed down her neck and then made its way to her breasts, lingering for a moment, making Jurek envious of where it was headed next.  He swallowed the lump in his throat that seemed to have appeared out of nowhere, and caught himself reaching out to follow that lovely streak of white with his fingers.  At the last second, he snatched his hand back, regaining his senses, just as Liasare opened her eyes.
Those hazel orbs widened in surprise and the flecks of gold in them seemed to leap out at Jurek.  She sucked in her breath as she caught the look on his face.  His lips were slightly parted and he ran his tongue across the lower one, causing her to lean slightly forward.  He reached out and cupped her cheek and ran his thumb along her lower lip.
In a hoarse whisper, he told her, “I wanted you to know I left a tray of food for you by the bed.  After you eat, you can begin your training with Tak.”  He released her face, and was gone so quickly, she could barely discern his movements.  She did, however, feel as if he took all the warmth from the room when he left.

***

Liasare entered the training area, dressed in what she thought would be appropriate attire.  She saw Jurek and Tak and as she approached, Tak yelled at her and told her to head to the locker room where there were some training clothes laid out for her.  She diverted her course and when she got there, she almost choked when she saw what they wanted her to wear.
You have got to be kidding me.
She grabbed the two scraps of clothing and decided they would be more appropriate for a day at the beach than a training session in the gym.  The top was a skimpy black stretchy bra that would barely cover her ample breasts, and the bottoms were boy shorts that hit her just above her pubic bone.  Really, she had underwear that covered more of her than this get-up did.
Quickly slipping the things on, she looked in the mirror and her eyes popped out of her head.  No way was she walking out in this.  Her boobs wouldn’t last a minute in this top before they’d bust right out of here, making an escape to who knows where.  What the hell were they thinking?
Then it hit her and she started laughing.
Sashaying out of there with her head held high and chest thrust out, by the time she made it to where Jurek and Tak were standing, their tongues were all but hanging out of their mouths.
“Are you ready?” her voice dripped honey as she put her hand on her hip and thrust her chest forward.
Jurek’s throat worked several times while Liasare watched his Adam’s apple bobbing up and down as he swallowed.  Tak was silent for the first time since she met him, his jaw slack and his eyes bugging out.
“Well, are you gonna stand there all day or are we gonna train? What’s the matter? Cat got your tongue, boys?” she chuckled.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Jurek growled.
“What do you mean?”
“Why are you wearing that?”
“This is what was laying out in the locker room when I went in there.”
Jurek was on Tak before Liasare knew it and had him against the wall, his hand around his throat.  Tak flashed into light, followed by Jurek and all Liasare could see were streaks of light blazing across the room.  Liasare crouched down on the floor, curling up into a tight ball and covered her head for she was frightened by what was happening around her.  Confusion clouded her mind; she didn’t understand any of this.  She knew they could move like this but she never thought they could do it at will, for anything other than transportation.  She wanted to run and hide, but she knew if any of those streaks hit her, she would surely die.
She felt Jurek’s energy as they streaked by her, causing her body to heat up with that current of electrical charge as he zoomed across the room.  Her heart thrummed in her ears as she huddled close against the floor, praying they would leave so she could run to a place where she would feel safe.  She wanted to scream but she was afraid it would only draw them toward her so she stuffed her fist in her mouth instead, biting down on her knuckles.
Unsure of how long she stayed in that position, she realized the room had become silent, emptied of the sound of their energy beams. She became aware of his presence when his exotic spiciness filled her senses. Warm arms encircled her, lifting her, as he carried her to his quarters.  Kicking the door shut, he tossed her down on the bed.
It took her a moment for her panic to subside. When it did, she leaped to her feet, demanding, “You owe me some explanations. What the hell is going on here? What are you?  You expect me to tell you my life story, yet you tell me nothing. You have this miraculous ability to remove scars I’ve had for over a decade, scars that the best surgeons on Vesturon could do nothing for, and you do it with your hands! Jurek, what the hell are you? And then you and Tak flash into—well fuck, I don’t know what it was—and scare me half to death.”  She was panting by the time she finished with her tirade, but she was desperate for answers.
“It’s not necessary for you to know what we are.”
“Well, I call bullshit on that! You don’t want to tell me. That’s the real answer. So now the question becomes why?”
“It’s complicated.”
“Complicated because you think I’m too stupid to follow, or complicated because you don’t want to tell me?”
He ran his hand straight through his hair from his forehead to his neck and then started rubbing it to try to massage some of the tension out of it.
“You know I don’t think you’re stupid and you insult me by even saying that.”
“Well, you insult me by keeping me in the dark. You tell me you want me to trust you.  How can I trust you when you don’t tell me anything?”
“I don’t tell you for your own safety.”
Her anger spurred her on.  She shook her head saying, “That’s ridiculous and makes no sense. ‘Trust me Liasare. I can’t tell you anything in order to keep you safe.’ Do you know how crazy you sound?”
“Yes, I do. Do me a favor and ask yourself this.  Who has saved your life more than once?  Now let me tell you this, I would do it again. As many times as necessary. Trust me Liasare. If I tell you anything about us, your life may be in danger.”
“Ugh! This whole thing is driving me bat shit crazy.”
“You have a choice you know.”
“Oh? And what, pray tell is that?”
“You can go back to Vesturon, where it’s safe.  Then I wouldn’t have to worry about you.”
She opened her mouth, surprised by his statement. “Worry about me?  You worry about me? Why?”
Liasare looked at him, and he quickly looked away, almost as if he were embarrassed.  Jurek wasn’t the type to get embarrassed about anything, so she must have been imagining things.
“Go change your clothes.  That outfit was Tak’s idea of a joke, which, by the way, he has paid dearly for.  He will apologize for it.  There are other clothes in the locker room you can wear.”
“Jurek, I rather enjoyed the look on his face when I showed up out there.” For once, he was speechless.  “By the way, this discussion isn’t over.  I’ll drop it for now, but I won’t forget it.”  She laughed as she left the room.  He watched her go, wondering how and when he would tell her his whole story.  He was sure she would hate him when she found him out.
Chapter 10


“Not again!” Liasare complained.
“Yes, again,” Tak demanded.
They faced each other.  Jurek stood to the side, observing.
“Watch my eyes.  They are the signals to any movement your enemies will make.  You are weaker than your opponent, unless you are fighting another human female. Your goal is to stay out of their reach.  Stay on the defense at all times.”
Liasare watched Tak as he moved.  Every time he did so, his eyes would flick, ever so slightly. When they did, she would react.
“Good, you are beginning to get the hang of it.”
Every time he would attempt a strike, she would respond by moving out of his way.
“I don’t understand how this will ever end though.  If I can’t fight to win, this could go on forever.  I still think I need to learn to attack too.”
“No, Davidson.  We’ve been through this.  Get it through your thick skull.  You’ll do this our way or no way,” Jurek thundered.
“You’ve heard the saying that the best offense is a good defense, right?” Tak explained.  “Eventually, your opponent will either tire or weaken, or not expect you to strike, and that’s when you’ll make your move. But, you can’t do that unless you are strong, in top physical shape and able to outlast him.  Stay light on your feet Brownie, like a dancer.”
“Oh, that’s real funny Tak.  You know I don’t dance. And stop calling me Brownie, dammit!”  Just then, she made a crucial error and didn’t move fast enough before Tak’s leg came out and slammed into her hip, knocking her down.
Liasare smashed into the floor with a crack, the air leaving her body in a whoosh.  She rolled on her side but couldn’t get a good breath into her lungs.  Finally, her diaphragm relaxed a bit and she inhaled, trying to suck in some air, only to find it caused excruciating pain in her ribs.  Then she eked out, “Ribs.  Broken.”
Jurek flashed to her side and healed her with his hands.  In seconds, the pain melted away and she was able to breathe with ease.
“Damn, Tak, can you at least remember for a second I’m a human when you plow into me? Shit, that hurt like a motherfucker!”
“Liasare, please! Can you not use such vulgar language?” Jurek asked.
She flashed him a dirty look and said, “Right, why don’t you get knocked around for a few weeks and get your bones broken a few times a day, and then ask me that?  And besides, it’s okay for you to swear, but I can’t.” Then under her breath she added, “Asshat.”
“I heard that.” Jurek shook his head at her and walked away.
“I think we can call it a day then,” Tak said.  “Tomorrow is strength training Brownie.  Come prepared to sweat.”
“Yes, Master.”
“I see I have trained you well, Grasshopper,” Tak retorted.
“Liasare, my quarters. Now,” Jurek yelled from across the room.
She pushed herself off the floor and dragged herself to his quarters.  Sweat rolled down her neck and back and her hair clung to her cheek as she wiped her face with the back of her hand.  She slipped off her shoes before she entered Jurek’s quarters for she loved the feel of his carpet around her feet as they sank into it.
“Did you want something?”
“Have a seat.”
“No, I’m too sweaty.  I’ll mess up your furniture.”
He rolled his eyes at her.  Then he flicked his eyes toward the bathroom and said, “Go shower.”
Not one to refuse a shower after a hard workout, Liasare headed to his bathroom.  She took her time bathing because she loved using his shower; it was much larger than the one she normally used.  Wrapping herself in his black satin robe, she towel dried her hair and ran her fingers through it.  She loved wearing his robe.  It was infused with his scent and that wonderful aroma did things to her she didn’t want to think about.
“So, what’s up?” she asked, rejoining him.
“The soiree is the day after tomorrow.  I have some things for you.”
On his bed were a garment bag and another shopping bag.
“Go on, you can look.”
She hesitated. Liasare had never attended an event such as a soiree.  She had never even gone on a date.  She wasn’t sure of what to expect.
“Christ, they won’t bite you Liasare.  Look at the damn things,” Jurek bit out.  He so wanted her to like what he’d chosen for her to wear, but she was suddenly acting like a frightened mouse.
“Sorry! I wasn’t expecting this is all.”
What the hell! Her hands shook as she unzipped the garment bag and she couldn’t stop the gasp that escaped from her mouth.  She’d never seen anything so lovely.  It was a burgundy silk dress and it was beautiful.  She glanced at Jurek and he was staring at her, unblinking and unmoving.
“Try it on,” he commanded.
“Right now?”
“Yes, right now.”
She picked up the dress and started to head to the bathroom when his words stopped her.
“I see no need for modesty Liasare.  I have seen you naked and I have touched and held every inch of your lovely body.  Take off the robe and try the damn dress on.”
His words mortified her and filled her with anxiety.  Why, she couldn’t say. He was right, of course. She had lain in his arms, naked, for hours, and he had seen her bathing, yet now she felt completely stripped of everything and wanted to run and hide.
Her hands shook as she untied the sash on the robe and let it fall from her shoulders. They shook so badly, she couldn’t get the dress unzipped.  She chewed her lip and fumbled with the zipper until her vision blurred.  The current of electricity that was always present when he was near, amplified as she felt his arms come around her and undo the zipper. Then his breath fanned the back of her neck as he whispered, “Someone as beautiful as you should never be covered in clothing.”
She sucked in her breath at his words as goose bumps formed all over her body. She took the dress in her hands and turning around, she stared into his eyes as he brushed his thumb across her lower lip. His eyes raked her from head to toe and she felt the temperature rise in her body.  That place between her legs turned to molten heat as her arousal flared. Her cheeks grew hot as she thought of what she’d like for him to do to her as her lips unconsciously parted in anticipation. His lips were so close she wanted to pull him into her so she could kiss him.  Before she knew what she was doing, her hand was reaching for his neck, bringing his mouth closer to hers.
“I think you should try on the dress to see if it fits properly,” he murmured, breaking the spell.
She quickly stepped back, mentally scolding herself. Her cheeks now flamed with embarrassment.  Turning her back to him, she slipped the dress on and struggled to zip it.
“Allow me,” he said as his warm fingers brushed hers aside.  When he finished, he spun her around and gazed at her.
“You’ll be quite the distraction, Liasare,” he said huskily.  He was sure he’d never seen anything so lovely.
Her eyes dropped to the floor.  She’d never been complimented before so she wasn’t quite sure how to take it.  In fact, his words made her feel rather awkward.
Shit! Why does he have to say crap like that? I can’t handle that stuff, dammit.
“What is it?”
“It’s nothing,” she shook her head.
“Tell me.  You look extraordinary.  Do you not like it?”
“I don’t know.  I haven’t looked in a mirror.”
“Forgive me.” He walked her to the corner where there stood a floor length mirror and her mouth formed a huge O when she saw her reflection.
“Oh, holy shit.  Is that really me?”
Jurek laughed.  “You do have a way with words Davidson!”
The dress was amazing. It was a one shoulder that draped to the side, but was tastefully bare.  Her creamy skin was displayed everywhere. The dress hit thigh high and, of course, her shoulder and back were bared.  She was absolute perfection in it.
“Oh, and there’s more.” He went and retrieved the shopping bag. Inside was a lovely pair of black strappy stilettos and a matching clutch.  But the shocker was the jewelry. There was the most incredible diamond choker and earrings to match with a series of delicate gold filigreed bangles and a matching ring.  She never wore jewelry before, nothing, not a ring, earrings or a bracelet.  And here she was, holding a number of ungodly priceless treasures in the palms of her hands.
Oh, dear God! NO! No no no no no! Fuck no! I can’t do this. This is not me.
Liasare stared at everything and then shook her head, an extreme case of anxiety hitting her.  “Huh uh, I can’t accept this.  This is way too much.  I won’t be able to walk in those shoes either.  Seriously, that jewelry is beautiful, but I would be afraid to wear something as valuable as that.  It’s completely out of my league. Honestly Jurek. I don’t have to wear any jewelry. I mean the dress is pretty enough as it is and I can fix my hair. Maybe I can get Jaylen to help me with some kind of an updo. I don’t really know how, but she can do anything. Yeah, that’s exactly what I’ll do. Maybe Jaylen can lend me some flats or something because I wouldn’t want to wear these shoes and face plant and embarrass you or anything because I’ve never worn shoes like these. I’ve only ever worn those boots. And well, yeah, that’s what I’ll do.  But I swear, I’ll try my best not to embarrass you.  I know I probably will though, because I’ve never been to anywhere like this but if I do, I swear to God it’s not because I did it on purpose.” Her hand was clenched on her chest and she took a deep breath because she had run out of air she had rambled on so long.  “Damn, I’m such a loser. Sorry I got diarrhea of the mouth, it’s just, well hell.” She raised her hand to her forehead and stared at her feet.
For the love of God, please don’t let me cry. I’m making a stupid fool out of myself here. Come on, get your shit together girl!
Try as she might, she couldn’t stop them. The tears oozed out of the corners of her eyes and she squeezed them as tight as she could, trying to force them back. She kept her head down and her eyes glued to the floor, hoping to God he wouldn’t see them.
“Are you finally finished?” he asked, with a hint of laughter lacing his voice.
“Yeah,” she cleared her throat.
“Look at me.”
No no no no noooooooo!
She shook her head.  If she did, she’d be found out, and that wouldn’t do.
He took her chin in his hand and lifted it.  When he saw the tears he pulled her into his arms.
“Christ, Davidson, I didn’t mean for any of this to make you cry. First off, the jewelry is for me, not for you. I need for you to have a certain look about you, and the jewelry accomplishes that.  Second, try the shoes before you condemn them. If they don’t work, we’ll figure something out. Third, you won’t embarrass me.  And what the hell happened to you to make you act this way?”
Talking into his chest she answered, “Nothing happened. It’s just that I’ve never been to a party or a dance.  I’ve never even worn a dress, or shoes other than those stupid boots for as long as I can remember.  I’m not playing the sympathy card here, but that was my life.  I don’t know how to dance.  That’s why I’m worried about embarrassing you. All those people there will be so refined and then there will be me, making a total fool out of myself. I may look okay, but I’ll still be that loser. I won’t know how to act in that setting.  I don’t even know what to expect.”
“Fair enough.  I can teach you all of that.  But will you at least agree to try the damn shoes on?”
She sniffed first, then laughed and said, “Yeah, I guess so.”
“Come.”
She sat on the coffee table and he knelt in front of her and helped her with the shoes.  They had a platform so they weren’t as bad as she’d initially thought they would be.
“Well?” he asked.
Pretend Liasare. Act!
“Not too bad.  I’m a tad wobbly though.”
He observed as she walked around the room. 
Gods, the woman is exquisite. Everything about her is perfect. She is incredibly sexy in those shoes.
Jurek had a smile on his face as he stared at her.  He wasn’t one to smile often, so this was certainly a rare occasion.  Liasare looked at him for his opinion.
“How do I look?”
“Do you really have to ask?”
“What I mean is when I walk.  Do I look like I’m about to crash and burn?  I’ve seen women wearing these contraptions before that had no business in them and they looked like hell. I don’t want anyone thinking that about me.”
“No worries there,” he said curtly. There won’t be anyone thinking you look like hell.  Quite the opposite Davidson ... they’ll be thinking you’re an angel from heaven. Most likely I’ll have to beat them off with sticks all night.
“Really?”
“What do you want me to say? That you look like a graceful ballerina doing a fouette en tournant?”
“Very funny.”
“I’m not trying to be funny. You should know that by now. I’m not known for my robust sense of humor.”
“Right you are.  So what should I expect?”
Chapter 11


Two nights later, Liasare and Jurek arrived at the soiree dressed to the nines—she in her burgundy dress, platforms and diamonds and he in his black pants, black sport coat and crisp white linen shirt. He had let her use his quarters to get ready as Jaylen had come to prepare Liasare’s hair. Her tiny room located off the locker room wouldn’t have suited; it was barely large enough to hold her cot.  When she walked out to meet him, it was difficult to tell which one was more unnerved.
Liasare was instantly aroused when she looked at him.
Holy cannoli, I should’ve brought a spare pair of panties. Look at the man!
He oozed sexuality.  She wanted to run her hands inside his shirt right before she tore it off of him.  He was clean-shaven and his soft black hair was brushed back and had been neatly trimmed.  It was still long, almost brushing his shoulders, and she was happy because she loved it like that.  It made her want to tangle her fingers in it as she drew his face to hers.  With those thoughts, his scent seemed to increase and envelop her.  He lifted her hand to his mouth, but right before it reached his lips, he turned it over and placed a kiss on her palm and then on the inside of her wrist.
“You look more beautiful than I ever imagined,” he whispered.
 “Thanks,” she replied shyly.  “Just don’t let me face plant.” She kept stealing glances beneath her lashes at him.  He was so damned attractive it was difficult to tear her eyes away.
“Don’t worry, I’ve got you. Ready?” he asked, his lips curving into a smile.
“As I’ll ever be.”  And then some, she thought as she felt her panties dampen when she began walking.
The place was packed with strange beings from places Liasare was unfamiliar with.  Jurek would either whisper or send her telepathic messages of what she needed to know about who may be important. She would be his eyes and ears for the evening, concentrating on things he would be unable to. His arm was firmly around her waist and remained there for most of the evening. They mingled with Xanthians, which Liasare found most distasteful. Several times, Jurek squeezed her waist, indicating his displeasure at her actions or remarks.
“You must put these feelings aside and be a better performer Liasare. This is not a game,” he whispered harshly in her ear. Then he kissed her neck, intending to cover up their heated words as a lover’s quarrel.
“I’m trying dammit.  It’s hard when those fuckers stink worse than ...”
“Don’t say it. We need to come up with some other colorful metaphors for you. Shit, fuck and those other nasty words you employ shouldn’t come from such an exquisite mouth.”
“Okay, how about I call them McStinkies?”
His lips crashed into hers before she barely finished speaking and caught her off guard. Roughly pulling her into his arms, he kissed her mercilessly, showing no tenderness. Moving them behind a curtain and out of the view of everyone, he continued exploring her mouth.  Liasare wasn’t expecting this, but the moment his lips touched hers, all bets were off. His lips were controlling, demanding. And that damn scent of his was making her nearly drunk with its exotic spiciness. She wrapped her arms around his neck and slid her fingers into his hair.  If she were anywhere else, she would be unbuttoning his shirt too.
Liasare suddenly felt her feet leave the floor as he moved his hands beneath her ass and lifted her up in his arms, groaning into her mouth. Her lips felt swollen and bruised, but she couldn’t have cared less.  She wanted more, and if it had to be here and now, then so be it. She was on fire for him, her skin burning from his touch, and all sane thoughts had fled her mind.  The current that ran between them had burst into lethal flames and Liasare heard herself tell him, “I want more Jurek. Now.”
Her words brought him back to reality, to the present and to what he was about to do.  He released her and gently pushed her away from him saying, “We have business to attend to.”
“Yeah, I guess we do,” she said, dropping her gaze to the floor.
She wanted to be away from this place. She needed to save face, unfortunately right now, the only thing she wanted was to suck face ... his, all night long.
 “Here.”  He ran his thumb along her lip, wiping her lipstick so it wasn’t smeared. Then he straightened her hair. He took her clutch out of her hand and retrieved her lipstick and handed it to her so she could reapply it.  Her hand was shaking so badly he grabbed it from her and did it for her.  He grabbed a tissue out of her clutch and wiped his mouth.  “Did I get it all?” he asked gruffly.  She nodded as she reached out to brush his hair back into place with her hands.  Thinking the better of it, she jerked her hands back to her sides.  Touching him again would only add to her misery.
As she turned to walk away, he pulled her to him saying, “You and I are, well, it’s complicated Liasare.”
“Everything with you is complicated Jurek. Why don’t we just go back to being trainee and trainer?  That way I understand the boundaries.  No misconceptions.  It’s less confusing then.”  She headed back to the party.
An hour had passed when Liasare excused herself to use the restroom.
When she was walking back to the party, she saw two men in the corridor heading her way. They were wearing nondescript clothing and as she got closer she gasped.  One of them was her brother.
“Tommy!” He didn’t react, but continued to move on.
“Thomas, stop!” Still, no reaction.  She ran after him and pulled his arm, eliciting nothing from him.  “Tommy stop.  It’s me, your sister,” she shouted.  They were close enough to the party that people were turning to look.  Instead of moving into the party room, the two men turned down another corridor and continued to walk.
Liasare ran ahead of them and turned to face them, walking backwards, reaching out to grab Tommy’s arm. As she did so, he stopped, pulled a weapon from his belt and said in a monotone, “Cease or I will fire.”
“Tommy, it’s me, your sister.  Look at me dammit.”
She looked at his eyes to see nothing but dark emptiness.  There was no recognition, nothing.
She moved to grab him again and he discharged his weapon.
The bullet entered her chest on the left side, but she was so shocked she simply stood there and stared at him as he stepped around her and kept walking. She sensed Jurek’s presence before she saw him and then her legs folded under her.

***

Voices, screaming, pain, fire, softness, warmth, comfort.  Sleep now.
Liasare awoke in Jurek’s bed. He was still sleeping. She needed to get up because she had an urgent need to use the restroom.  She slid out of bed, and on the way gingerly felt her chest to find, no surprise there, the wound was healed. Her muscles felt slightly sore, but that was about it.  It was handy to have a supernatural healer as a friend. At least he was good for that.
When she was finished, she headed back to the bedroom to find Jurek sitting up.
“Care to enlighten me on what happened last night?”
“I was shot.”
“I am aware of that. I am the one who healed you,” sarcasm lacing his words.
“I came out of the restroom and I saw these two men who had vacant looks in their eyes.  Do you remember that day you saw me at the warehouse?  I saw these two guys there that acted like they were drugged, like zombies.  That’s exactly how these two men acted when I saw them. Vacant eyes. But Jurek, one of the men was my brother.”
“What? And you didn’t come to get me?  Bloody fucking hell Davidson! Can’t you follow orders one fucking time?  We’ve been over this a dozen times.  And what’s the first thing you do? You abso-fucking-lutely screw it up! Goddammit!”
She’d never seen him this furious.  Things started flying across the room, large things and small things.  The violence in the room was near to exploding.  She was terribly frightened by this side of him and she didn’t know what to do.  Dodging the flying objects, she darted back into the bathroom, trying to escape him.  The door crashed open behind her, ripped from its hinges, and he stood there as the room vibrated around him.
“You know what you are Davidson? You’re a massive fucking disaster waiting to happen.  For the life of me, I don’t have a bloody damn idea of why I’m keeping you here because you’re about to fuck up everything I’ve done to smithereens.”  The bathroom mirror came hurling off the wall and crashed to the floor in front of them into a hundred pieces, glass flying everywhere as Liasare screamed.
“I’m giving you one last chance.  You screw up one more thing and you’re out.  You got it?  One more thing!”
Something in her mind finally snapped.  Her eyes narrowed as a red haze began to form and her fear was replaced by rage so fierce she barely recognized her own voice as she fumed. “Yeah? Well, fuck you Jurek Herdekian. I didn’t even want to go to that damn fucking SWARAYYY.  You’re the one who begged me to go. ‘I promise I won’t act like an ass. I’ll be the perfect gentleman.’ Blah, blah, blah. Well, fuck you and your promises. You didn’t keep them either. If I recall correctly, a gentleman doesn’t exactly seduce his date in the middle of a party behind a curtain and then suddenly call it off saying, ‘It’s complicated.’ So I’d say we’re even.”
“Seduce you? I kissed you Davidson.  That’s it. I didn’t fucking seduce you. Christ! Why don’t you grow up already and quit acting like a little brat who wants her own way and start following my orders dammit?”
The shower door flew off the hinges and crashed to the floor behind them, making her jump.
“STOP THAT! That’s so wrong, on so many levels, for you to do.  You’re the one that’s acting like a little kid throwing a fucking temper tantrum.”
She marched out of the bathroom and into the bedroom, which was a huge mess.  She was headed out the door when she realized she was wearing a pair of thong underwear and nothing else.  Now she was furious.
Liasare headed for Jurek’s closet, in search of something to wear.  She was so angry she was yanking items out of drawers, looking for something, anything she could put on that would fit.  Sweats, shorts, even boxers, but she came up short. She headed back to the bathroom to get his robe.  He stood there, legs spread and arms crossed, watching her.
She had intended to grab the robe behind the door, but looked in dismay as the door lay on the floor, the robe lying beneath it. She turned to leave, but Jurek grabbed her wrist before she could take another step.
“Not so fast. We have unsettled business between us.” He dragged her back into the bedroom and pushed her down on the couch.
“I’d like something to put on, dammit.”
“I like you just the way you are.” His eyes raked over her and he didn’t miss one tiny detail. He ran his tongue along his bottom lip as he put his hand behind his neck.  She watched as every muscle in his body leaped out at her, almost as if they were taunting her.
Liasare wished he didn’t have this effect on her but every time he did that little thing with his tongue on his lip, she wanted to grab his head and start kissing him, taking up where his tongue left off. Her lips parted as thoughts of that kept swirling through her mind and, dammit all, she looked down to see her nipples standing at full attention.
Fuck shit hell damn!
She lifted her eyes to his and saw that he wore a smug expression on his face.  Her face began to burn and she scowled.  She had no doubt he knew exactly where her thoughts had been as his eyes dropped to her chest.
“Oh, rest assured Liasare, you have quite the same effect on me.”  His eyes glanced down to his groin and hers followed. She sucked in her breath as she clearly saw the outline of his ample erection through the flimsy boxers he wore.
“So, what did you want to discuss?” she squeaked.
“I want to know all the details of exactly what happened last night.”
“Why? So you can throw more things around and scare me again?  Does that make you feel strong?  Let me know you’re my superior?” Every word dripped acid, and Jurek flinched, feeling ashamed of how he’d lost control.
“I need to know for safety purposes. And I won’t apologize for my loss of control. You disobeyed me and made a fuck-up out of everything.”
“Look, it seems to me that you want me to trust you with my life, yet you don’t think I’m capable of anything except for fucking things up. Tell you what. Let’s pretend none of this ever happened.  I’ll go my way, and you go yours.  I know where my brother is.  I don’t know what’s happened to him.  I know he’s not himself, but I’ll figure it out.  I’ll become a Xanthian sex slave if I must.”
Jurek reacted to her words as if he’d been slapped and before she could utter one more thing, he growled, “You’ll do no such thing.  You will never be slave to a Xanthian.  I will kill any Xanthian who so much as touches you.”
Liasare was shocked by the vehemence in his voice.
“Jurek, I can’t stay here anymore. You don’t think I’m smart enough, or worthy enough, or strong enough, or whatever to be trusted with what you’re not telling me. The ‘it’s complicated’ thing keeps getting in our way. We always fight.  This attraction, or whatever it is between us, clouds our judgment but it also seems it can’t be ignored either.  Last night, when I saw my brother, I touched him.”
“Oh gods, please tell me you didn’t,” he threw back his head and moaned.
“Why?”
“Just tell me!”
“I touched him Jurek!  I touched him last night because I had to.”
“Fuck! This is not good.”
“That was my brother, Jurek!  I don’t expect you to understand this, but he was the one who nursed me back to health after my accident.  He blamed himself for it every day of his life.  He took care of me after every surgery I had.  He was the one that clapped for me when I graduated from the Academy of Sciences.  He was the one who kept me company when I didn’t have any friends, when they all called me names because I was of my scars.  He was the one who wiped my tears when they made fun of me.  It was never my mother; it was my brother.  That’s why I had to touch him.  He didn’t even know me Jurek.  And then he put a fucking bullet in me,” she finished, dropping her head into her hands.
Jurek was on his feet yelling, “Tak, Ludo, Marik!  In my quarters! Now!”  The walls shook with his voice and Liasare felt it penetrate to the very depths of her bones.  She thought she would have heard him if she’d been in the next county.
Beams of energy streaked in the room seconds later and the three men appeared.
“All plans to abandon the warehouse are now in effect.  Teleport everything of importance ... data files, our Praestani weapons cache, and so forth.  I’ll handle the security equipment in here.  Everything that has a Praestani footprint goes to Lare-Stell.  We have—on the very outside—thirty minutes. Set security and shields and then set for self-destruct.  I don’t want those bastards to find anything, got it?”
“Yes. Like your outfit, Brownie,” Tak said right before he flashed out of the room. Liasare and Jurek had forgotten she was all but naked.
“Christ!” Jurek snapped. “Davidson, go to my closet and put on a goddamn shirt. We have to get out of here.”
Liasare grabbed the first shirt she could put her hands on.  Meanwhile, Jurek had opened a hidden door on the wall in the bedroom that led to the security room and was in there teleporting equipment. When she entered, he tossed her a teleporter saying, “It’s set for Lare-Stell.  Just point and tap.  Everything goes.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I’ll explain later.  If I tell you to go, teleport yourself.  Everything’s set.  Just tap the teleporter and get out of here. Got it?”
“Yes,” she said, her head spinning.
Twenty minutes later, the room was empty. She looked at Jurek and he grabbed her arm at about the time they heard banging on the outside doors.  “Let’s go.”
Chapter 12


Lare-Stell Base

Jurek, Liasare, Ludo, Marik and Naroo sat around the conference table discussing their options.
“I told you already.  I didn’t know their bullets had tracers in them.  I didn’t know if I touched them they could track me.  Maybe if you would bring me in the loop and explain these things to me, I wouldn’t have made such a mess, dammit.  You blame me for the fuck-up. If you ask me, it’s your fault.  How the hell was I supposed to know this? Osmosis?”
“Osmosis?” Tak echoed.
“Yes, osmosis dammit! It’s a metaphor, Tak.”
“You’re funny Brownie.  I can’t believe I’m saying this, but she makes a good point Jurek.  We never told her any of that.”
Jurek gave Tak a withering look and snarled, “It doesn’t matter.  She was instructed to get me if anything unusual happened.  Seeing her brother would certainly be classified as unusual.  I could have brought him to the warehouse for questioning.”
“Ugh! Why don’t you put me in jail then?  Or ground me?  Or maybe take away my dessert for a week?  You have the maturity of a damn teenager, or at least that’s the way you’re behaving,” Liasare ground out.
Jurek glared at her as she slouched in her chair.  She was exhausted.  Mentally and physically.  Inwardly she fumed, though. She was still wearing his shirt and those damn thong panties because he hadn’t allowed her to change clothes.
They’d arrived at Lare-Stell, Jurek’s space station, which was his main base for his business operations, LS Enterprises.  There was so much about this man Liasare didn’t know.  For instance, everyone at Lare-Stell revered him, as if he were some type of regal entity.  They literally bowed to him. Liasare laughed when she first saw it.
Jurek, noticing Liasare’s exhaustion motioned to Naroo, another female, to escort her to her quarters.  Though Liasare left Earth as a young girl, she had traveled by means of a teleporter.  The only other time she traveled through space was when she came back to Earth to find Tommy.  She was in a deep sleep then so in reality, this was her first time in space.  Naroo noticed how Liasare’s eyes grew bigger each time they passed a viewing station.
“You will have ample opportunity to star gaze from your quarters. You have a large viewing deck there for your pleasure.”
“Really?” Liasare asked, intrigued. Naroo also fascinated her.  She was quite stunning in a most unusual way.  She was completely bald.  In fact, all of the women Liasare had seen here were bald.  She made a mental note to ask Jurek about it. (That is if she ever spoke to him again.) Naroo also had tattoos that covered the side of her neck, face and head.  They were the same markings that Jurek had on his arms.  Her eyes were the same as Jurek’s—lavender, rimmed in indigo with silver swirls in their depths. Tall and golden skinned, she was truly beautiful.  Striking, was how Liasare thought of her.
“Oh, yes, and there are many other things at your disposal.  I will show you.”
Naroo gave her a brief tour of the station en route. She also gave Liasare some additional items of clothing.  Liasare was very grateful and was sure to thank Naroo for her kindness.
When they reached her quarters, Naroo gave Liasare brief instructions.  Her quarters were tiny. They consisted of a small bathroom and another small room sparsely furnished with a bed, side table and the viewing platform as promised.  There was a built-in seat that ran the length of the platform, which Liasare immediately thought would be an ideal spot to curl up and read a book.
“Don’t let the size of your quarters fool you my lady, the transmuters on the wall can alter this room into anything you wish for it to be,” Naroo said.
“Transmuters?”
“My lord Jurek will explain this to you later. I can see you are in need of sleep so I bid you good night.”
“Thank you Naroo.”
Liasare felt her eyes drifting shut before she made it to her bed.

***

The tawny-skinned man grabbed her and pulled her to him, kissing her and running his hands over her body.  She sighed as she leaned into him, wanting more.  Even though she felt something was missing, she didn’t want him to stop. She couldn’t see his face, so she asked him to turn to the light.
“I want to see you.  Reveal yourself, please.”
No response, yet his hands didn’t stop what they were doing to her. They pulled her shirt from her body, sliding it sensually along the way, and when it was gone, she felt the cool air brush across her skin, teasing her nipples into hardened buttons.  His mouth dropped to her breasts as his tongue made tiny circles on her skin, growing closer and closer to her sensitive nubs.  Suddenly, he took one of her nipples into his mouth, sucking on it, sending tingling waves of pleasure down to that place between her legs.  She moaned and arched her back.
“Do you intend to sleep away the week?” a husky voice breathed in her ear. Instinctively, she reached out her arms and entwined them around his neck, pulling him against her.
That scent she had come to love filled her nostrils and she inhaled deeply. Heady spices permeated her senses as she rubbed herself against him.  “Why do you have to smell so damn good?” she murmured.  She opened her eyes, and felt like she had been doused with a bucket of ice water.
“What the hell?” she yelled, pushing him away and scrambling around in her bed, getting tangled in her sheets.
“Must’ve been one hell of a dream you were having Davidson,” he remarked dryly.
“Is nothing sacred around here?  Can I not sleep in private?  Do you ever knock or announce yourself? You are so rude!” she yelled, trying to hide her mortification.
“So I’ve been told! But tell me Davidson, what were you dreaming about that had you moaning so?”  His eyes skimmed over her, lingering on her hardened peaks, still aroused from the sensuous dream he had interrupted.
Liasare, finally untangling herself from the sheets, rolled out of bed, red faced, and headed to the bathroom saying, “It’s none of your damn business, Jurek!”
His laughter followed her.  She prayed he would be gone by the time she finished her morning routine.  That wasn’t the case.
“We need to have a talk,” he announced as she came out of the bathroom.
“Is that so?”
“I think it’s time I shared some things about myself with you.”
Liasare’s jaw hit the floor as she looked at him like a deer in the headlights.  “Wait a minute.  You look like Jurek and you even sound like him, but there has to be a mistake.  Where’ve you hidden the real Jurek?”
“Funny, Davidson.  I’m trying to open up here and you’re making a joke,” he snapped.
“I’m not making a joke.” Okay, maybe she was. Dammit, the man constantly messed with her head.  She never knew what to expect from him—flying furniture or compliments.  She narrowed her eyes and perused him from head to toe.
“I hope you like what you see because you’re spending a hell of a lot of time checking me out.”
“You think you’re so damn hilarious, don’t you?”
“I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again. My charming sense of humor has never gained me any friends or influenced anyone.  It would do you well to remember that.”
“Well, go on then. Tell me what you feel is so pressing about yourself now, when before I was an inconsequential nonentity, unworthy of hearing any details of your great existence.”
Jurek’s eyes immediately darkened and she briefly wondered if she had erred, as her words left a sour taste in her mouth.
“If it’s so troublesome to hear about me, perhaps I should leave,” he said acidly.
“Wait. I do want to know. I think I’ve been around you too long because now I’m starting to act like you.”
His head whipped toward her and he was standing next to her in a flash, grabbing her arms.
“Stop with the humor Liasare. I’m not in the mood. We’ve had to destroy a carefully planned warehouse and are now in the process of having to go to the damn trouble of setting up another one.  I’ve not had the luxury of sleep for a few days now. First I healed you from the bullet that you took, and then I had to deal with the aftermath. Healing, as you know, takes a bit out of me, so spare me your sarcasm.”
“Right.”  She should have felt chastised, but instead, she felt like she’d scored some points with him.  Was this a concession? Was he recognizing that perhaps she had some brains inside her thick skull? Whatever. She’d take it when she could get it.  “So talk.”
He looked at her long and hard and then said, “My people are known as Praestani. We are shape shifters. Unlike the shifters you may be familiar with, we don’t shift into another animal or mass form.  Our true form is pure energy, but we are comfortable in either mass or energy.  We travel as energy and are gifted with the ability to heal ourselves and others.  We are very powerful Liasare, nearly indestructible.”
“How have I never heard of your species?” she wanted to know.
“We have kept ourselves unknown for many reasons, mostly for our healing powers.  There are those that would try to harness and steal that from us.”
“But if you are so powerful, wouldn’t it be impossible?”
“There are always ways around things Liasare.  You must know that.”
They stood facing each other, and she began to look at him closely, inspecting him, searching for something, anything to refute what he was telling her.  He was energy and he was mass.  He could remain in either state.  He was indestructible and ultra powerful.  Liasare felt the icy fingers of fear prick her skin and goose pimples erupted all over her body.
“Don’t fear me Davidson.  The time for that has passed.”
“Can you die?” she wondered aloud.
He sliced his head one time, quickly and briefly.
“Never?”
Once again, he repeated the motion.
“But how?”
He narrowed his eyes but didn’t respond.
Liasare paced to the viewing platform and stared at nothing, trying to fathom what Jurek just told her.  “Is that why the first time I touched Tak I had that awful reaction?”
“Yes, he was unprepared and didn’t have time to mute his powers.  Normally when we are around humans or other species, we stay in a muted state.  For some reason, Tak wasn’t that day.”
Liasare shook her head and shivered.  “I thought I was dying.”
“Our touch can kill Liasare.  But it can also bring the greatest of pleasure.”
Holy hot hands, don’t I know it!
She turned then as his eyes locked onto hers and she remembered back to that day.  Yes, his touch certainly could bring pleasure, and waves of it.  Her cheeks burned as the memories rushed back.
“Don’t be ashamed of it.”  He was in front of her in a flash and he reached out and rubbed his thumb along her bottom lip.
“Why do you always do that?” she whispered.  She wished more than anything he didn’t have this effect on her.
“Do what?”
“Rub my lip?”
“Because I imagine my lips and tongue are there instead, licking you, tasting you,” he whispered.
She shivered again, as the sound of his voice sent a wave of heat straight to her belly. “So why don’t you then?  And please don’t say, ‘it’s complicated.’”
He sighed and nodded. “But it is. There are things Liasare that I would like to share with you but I can’t ... so many things. My life is ...” he released another long sigh.
“What Jurek?  Your life is what?” she nudged him.
“It’s not my own to give.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Neither do I.”
“Now you’re speaking in riddles.”
“Yes, it would seem that way, I suppose.  This is difficult for me to answer as I am trying to understand it all myself.  What I can tell you is that in my five hundred years, I ...”
“Wait! What?  Five hundred years?  You’re five hundred years old?”
“Yes, I am.”  She began inspecting him again, wanting to feel him beneath her fingers, to see if he felt that old.  She knew he didn’t, but her mind was taking her in a thousand different directions right now.
“Did Naroo teach you to use the transmuters?”
“Are you changing the subject?” she countered.
“No. You need to know how to use them. Come.” He walked her to the wall and explained how the flat glass squares could be accessed for food or to change the room into anything one desired.  Jurek gave her a demonstration and ordered her a cup of coffee.
“So, you were changing the subject, but I’m not sure if it was because I thought you were old or because I was trying to figure you out.”  She looked at him again, running her eyes up and down the length of him.  They stopped when they reached the point where his snug pants molded to his hips, outlining what lay beneath.  Liasare unconsciously licked her lips as she thought of that luscious tattoo, and...other things she’d like to get her hands on.  Her face heated up with flames as she shook her head slightly trying to get her mind out of the gutter it had somehow fallen in.
What the hell Liasare! Get your shit together. You’re about to go up in flames.
The corners of his mouth tipped up but he never said a word. He cleared his throat, bringing her back to the moment and continued, “There is a prophecy I am supposed to fulfill. My mother has imparted this to me in my dreams. For years I didn’t believe her, but everything she’s told me has come to pass. Here’s the strange part.  I think somehow you are a piece of the prophecy too, Liasare.”
“Whoa.  What do you mean? Your mother told you this in your dreams? How can I be a part of this?”
“I’m not sure of it all except that the Prophecy of Thul predicts the end of the universe unless one can step in and prevent the turn of events. There is true evil out there and the Dark threatens to unfold. It’s upon us Liasare. I can feel it. My dreams would speak of this but I didn’t believe it until about twenty years ago. That’s when things began to shift.  There’s been a disruption of the normal flow of energy.  The Praestani can feel it when we travel.  It is as if there is friction upon us that shouldn’t be there, and it’s increasing.”
“What does it mean?”
Jurek shook his head.  “We think the disappearance of the thousands of humans and other beings is part of this. We suspect someone or something is creating an army of sorts. There are other things too.  Creatures that haven’t shown themselves for centuries are resurfacing.”
“What do you mean?
Jurek rubbed his face before he spoke. He walked in a circle, and then turned to face Liasare.  His brow was furrowed and his eyes were nearly black as they focused on her.
“You’re scaring me Jurek.”
“I want you to see something. Earth has become a breeding ground for things that should have been left to the Darkness.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Liasare, look into my eyes and I’ll show you. Don’t be frightened. What you’ll see is only a memory of mine.  It can’t harm you.  Do you understand?”
She nodded. She stared at his eyes as they enlarged and the pupils dilated, creating black orbs where all the whites disappeared. Her body was pulled through the darkness and she felt herself being dragged through murky liquid before she emerged on the other side.
It was night and she was standing next to Tak. They were looking at an old, two-story dilapidated building, somewhere on Earth. Her vision was crisp, even though it was night and her skin tingled with the sharpness of her power.  She felt so ... alive. Her nostrils flared as they picked up a scent ... one that shouldn’t be there. It was death. She recognized it by its sickly sweet odor. Not decay, not old, but recent.  Someone had either died in the last hour, or they were near death.  Her sense of hearing was intensely acute, and it was then she realized she had Jurek’s abilities. A hint of something metallic landed on her tongue.  It was in the air.  Blood ... lots of it.  She tasted rust and moist dirt. Her body was assaulted with a barrage of human emotions ... fear, lost hope, hatred, and disgust. Something else drifted over her olfactory nerves. Xanthians. But another odor that was unfamiliar to her. Her power flared and danced down her arms and legs.  She glanced at Tak and he nodded.  He felt it too.
They silently entered the rear of the building and Jurek flicked his eyes to Tak, motioning him to go down the stairs on their left. They walked through the arched doorway at the bottom and Liasare wanted to scream, and would have if she hadn’t been in Jurek’s memory. Bodies were scattered everywhere, butchered beyond recognition. Worse yet, there were monstrous creatures eating the flesh off the bodies.  Living humans hung in chains attached to the walls, some of them conscious, others not; some were barely alive.  It was obvious some had been tortured, eviscerated and beaten.
One of the creatures looked up at Jurek and Tak and hissed.  It had fangs that elongated and when it unfolded itself, it stood nearly seven feet tall.  It had appendages on its back resembling wings, yet when folded in, they were completely hidden.  Blood and human tissue dangled and dripped from its gruesome mouth and it moved so fast Liasare lost track of it.  Jurek and Tak altered forms and destroyed everything in the room, including the humans that were barely alive.
Liasare felt herself shoved out of the murky water and she opened her eyes to see Jurek’s face.  She screamed, and tried to run from her room.  He pulled her into his embrace and placed his hand on her head allowing his soothing flow of energy to wash over her and ease her panic, leaving her chest heaving for air, but allowing her mind to accept she was safe.
Her hands grabbed fistfuls of his shirt and pulled him close to her, needing to feel his body next to hers.  Her gut was knotted up and her body was invaded with a foreign iciness that shook her to its core.
“W-h-h-a-a-t were those th-h-h-in-g-gs?” she stuttered as she shivered.
He nestled her head in his neck, holding it there, saying, “We’re not sure, but we know they are creatures of the Dark.”
“I d-d-on’t u-und-ders-stand.”
“Neither do we. In my five hundred years, I’ve never run across anything like it. Tak has been investigating them but we think the Xanthians, or whoever is controlling them, are breeding them.”
“F-f-f-fuck.”
Jurek lifted his head and saw how pale Liasare’s face had become.  “Hell, I didn’t think this would have such a negative effect on you.”
“C-c-c-can’t g-get w-w-warm.”
The iciness had crawled into her body like a serpent twisting its way around in her that didn’t want to release its grip on her.  Jurek picked her up and took her to the bed, placing her upon it. He tugged up the covers and wrapped them around her and put his flow of energy into her.  The current raced through her, tingling all of her nerve endings.
“W-whoa, w-what’s th-that?”
“Me ... my energy. I’m trying to warm you up.”
“I-if y-you k-keep that up, y-you’re going to have a d-dif-f-ferent k-kind of w-warm on your h-hands, if you g-get my d-drift.”
“Oh, I get your drift all right,” he said as he rotated his hips into her.  She felt the bulge of his erection hit her close to that spot that started to burn, making her gasp.
“D-don’t! N-n-not unless you m-mean it.  I d-don’t w-want you to s-start something you r-refuse to f-finish.”
Why does he have to be so damn sexy? His voice, his hands, his body, his hair, his mouth.  Can’t there be one thing on him that repels me?
His lips twitched in the beginnings of a smile.  She narrowed her eyes at him, realizing he’d read her mind.
“I’m not sorry I heard that.  And one day, I would love to have your tongue trace the tattoo on my hip.”
She sucked in her breath on that one.
“Is th-there n-nothing s-sacred around you?” she murmured as she lowered her eyes.
“Afraid not,” he smirked. “But I’m extremely flattered.  How can I not be? I’m holding a beautiful woman in my arms who thinks I’m damn sexy and wants to lick my tattoo.  Believe me, if you could read my mind, you’d be equally flattered.”
“Do sh-share.  It’s only f-fair,” she demanded, looking up at him, still shivering slightly.
He rubbed her lower lip with the pad of his thumb again before answering, his voice low and husky.  “I’d like to make you climax again Liasare, but this time with my mouth.  Only I’d spend time licking other delicious parts of your body before I made my way to personally pay homage to that special spot of yours.”
 Oh, holy mother of mouths! Stop talking and start doing!
Her eyes nearly popped out of her head and she felt her cheeks burn as she immediately turned an undiscovered shade of red.  Jurek chuckled and gave her a look that said, “You asked.”
“Okay,” she squeaked, “I wouldn’t say I’m flattered ... embarrassed is more like it, among other things.  Well, maybe flattered.  Shocked, hell, I don’t know what I am.  I think we need to change the topic here.  Besides, I’ve finally warmed up. I think you’ve just split a few thousand atoms in me.”
“Here,” he asked as he felt her forehead, “or here?” as he slipped his hand between her legs.
“Get out of there. You’re not playing fair!” she said as she slapped at his hand.
“I never said I played fair Liasare and you’d best get used to it,” he breathed as he ran his tongue down her neck.  Before she could react, he moved out of the bed and extended a hand to her.
“It’s time to resume your training.”
“Wait!  What about the rest of the prophecy and all?”
“You’ve heard and seen enough for today. We’ll talk more about it tomorrow. Now change.”
“Turn around.”
“Why?”
“Because you’ve seen me naked way more than you deserve.  And so have your men, especially Tak.  Not anymore.  There’s a new sheriff in town and she says, ‘no more nudity.’”
“Liasare,” his voice picked up that hypnotic quality and sounded like water gently tripping over stones, “I’m the sheriff here and I always get my way.  Change your clothes now and take your time so I can enjoy the view.”
Without another thought or any hesitation, she slipped out of her shorts and cami that she had slept in and stood before him in all her naked glory.  He never took his eyes off of her, nor did he blink.  He held her clothes in his hands and handed her each item individually, consuming her with his eyes as she donned them.  When she was done, he pulled her to him and bent his head into her neck, inhaling her fragrance.
“Are you ready?” he asked, reaching for her hand.
“In more ways than one,” she answered.  He was going to cause a meltdown in her one day, of that she was sure.
Chapter 13


“Do we have to listen to this stuff?” Liasare complained.  “I hate Trent Reznor.”
“What would you prefer, Mozart, or maybe Justin Beiber?” he mocked.
“You’re kidding, right?  He was popular like, what? Fifteen years ago.  I was an adolescent.  And I never even liked him back then.  So what ... was he your favorite?” she smirked.
“I think you know the answer to that,” Jurek retorted as he reached for a few weapons hanging on the wall.  “I want fighting music Liasare, not cheerleading music.  Got it?  It’s Nine Inch Nails for today. Get used to it.”
Liasare gave him an obscene gesture behind his back as he pulled some other things off the wall.
“I saw that and you’ll pay for that later.”
“What? Are those alien eyes capable of a three sixty view, too? What the hell!” 
He spun around and was on top of her before her mind could register his movements.
“I can hear, see and feel things before you can even begin to understand them, Liasare.  It would be wise of you to remember that,” he said as he released her.
“You’re really creepy sometimes.”
“You have ...”
“No idea,” she mimicked him.
He cocked his head and stared at her and then broke into a hearty laugh. When he could speak again, he began to teach her the art of fencing.
“I still don’t understand how this will help me.  Those creatures were super fast ... fast like you.”
“Nothing, Liasare, is as fast as I am.”
“Oh, get over yourself already Mr. High and Mighty.  The point is, I’ll never be able to out-fence one of these things.  I saw how fast they move.  I don’t see how these moves will help me.”  They had come to a halt in their movements.
“You will have the added protection of your weapons.”
“What if they can’t be killed though? What good will these do?” she asked in total frustration as she raised her epee in the air.
Jurek pushed her into the wall, his body trapping her against it, and he breathed, “Listen to me and don’t be a bloody fool. I’m teaching you this for a reason.  The weapons you will be given are made of silver and steel and have been forged using Prasetani energy.  They are deadly to any creature.  If you so much as wound them, it will buy you precious time, but a stab directly in the heart will kill anything.  Decapitation is also highly effective.  I am trying to teach you how to use these.  Yes, the creatures are faster, but if you wound them enough to slow them down, Liasare, you can then kill them.  Do you understand?”
“Why didn’t you just say so in the first place?”
“Because you won’t listen long enough to learn anything, dammit.  You’re so bloody stubborn and negative about everything. And you think you know it all. You’ve only learned about these damn creatures a few hours ago and yet you’ve already convinced yourself there’s no hope and there’s no way you can beat them. You won’t fucking listen to me!” He was staring at her as his chest rose and fell with his rapid breathing.
“That was a little harsh, don’t you think?”
“If I had thought that, I wouldn’t have said it.  Now light on your feet and lunge.  Use your blade when you feint. You can’t injure me.  I will heal immediately.  If you wound me significantly, I will alter forms.  Now come on Liasare.  Give me everything you’ve got!”
They kept at it for hours.  When Liasare felt like she was about to drop from exhaustion, Jurek would infuse her with his energy, and they would get right back to it. Hours later, he finally let her stop. He flashed them back to her room and ordered them food from the transmuter.  He tried to explain how to use it, but she was so tired and hungry, she told him to go to hell.
“Can you just please put your hand on my forehead and give me some of your super mojo?  I can’t even think right now.”
He touched her head and that wonderful warmth seeped into her, filling her with exactly what she needed.
“Better?”
“Yeah,” she said as she tore into her dinner.  She ate everything she could get her hands on and then some, as Jurek leaned back in his chair and watched her.
“When was the last time you ate?”
“Don’t remember,” she answered between bites.
He let out his breath, saying, “You have to keep better track of that Liasare.  You can’t go without food.  No wonder you were about to drop.”
She looked up at him as she wiped her mouth with her napkin and raised her brow.  “Tell me you’re kidding me?  You don’t think the way you repeatedly kicked my ass for hours on end had anything to do with it? Unbelievable. Why are men such morons?  I’m taking a shower,” she announced as she headed to the bathroom.
Jurek scratched his head as his eyes followed her.  She was complicated to say the least.

***

Jurek, Tak, Marik, Ludo and Naroo sat around the conference table discussing their strategies for returning to Earth and trying to reestablish a new headquarters. Tak was insistent on using Liasare to lure in the Xanthians so they could uncover information that could lead them to the missing humans.
Jurek’s hostility toward this suggestion became more evident when his eyes turned into orbs of onyx and his lips hardened into a thin line.  He narrowed his eyes as he looked at Tak and refused to speak about it.  Tak’s exasperation pushed him beyond his normal limits and he threw his hands up in the air.
“She’s a fucking liability Jurek! You’re just too damn blind to see it,” Tak said with frustration.  “You won’t even consider letting her be used as bait for a trap.  You’re not thinking clearly around her. You know you can’t get involved with her.  It’s dangerous to us and to her.  If you want to fuck her, then fuck her and get it over with.  But do it now and send her back.  She’s clouding your judgment.”
The room exploded in violent waves as Jurek rose to his feet.  The conference table disintegrated, as did the chair he’d been sitting on.
He seethed with violence as he spoke. “I’ve never played this trump card in all our years together, but I’m throwing it down now. You forget yourself Tak. One, you are in my employ at LSE.  I am the sole owner of this business as well as Lare-Stell.  You can leave any time you like and I can ask you to leave any time I like.  Two, I am your Ruler, your Leader.  I can order you to shut your fucking mouth whenever and wherever I choose.  I will fuck whomever and whenever I choose and you can keep your opinions of Liasare and me to yourself. I make the decisions where she is concerned.  Have I made myself clear?”
Tak gave Jurek a single nod but his eyes frosted over, conveying his anger.
“I am charging you with finding a new headquarters for us on Earth.  Are you up to the task, or do I need to assign it to another?” Jurek said tightly.
“I will do it.”
“Take Marik, secure the location and outfit it. I want it move-in ready ASAP ... as in yesterday.” Jurek flashed out of the room, leaving the remaining occupants staring at each other.

***

The day had started out badly. Liasare entered the training facility and Jurek barely said a word to her.  She tried some light banter, but was only answered with a few grunts here and there.  Eventually, she gave up and they trained in silence, except for his remarks about her inadequacies.  The tension between them was ridiculous, but she tried to figure out what had put him in such a foul mood.  He kept rattling off one instruction after another, like he expected her mind to work like some kind of a Compsys.
“That was sloppy Davidson.  Lunge.  Again.  When I come at you, immediately parry.  Then don’t wait for your remise. We are not following the good rules of fencing here.  There are no disqualifications.  You are fighting for your life and don’t forget it,” Jurek ordered.
She shook her head in frustration because she didn’t even know what the good rules of fencing were.  “Stop! All these instructions are making me dizzy.  Your expectations are way over the top. I don’t have any superpowers.  I’m not fast or strong.  I’m just a damn stupid human.” Liasare yanked off her mask and protective gear, slung them on the floor and stomped out of the room.  She turned left and marched down the corridor, fuming.  Five minutes later, after making her way through the winding passageways, she realized she was ridiculously lost.  She pictured Jurek having a good laugh at her expense.  That notched her anger up even higher.
She heard a popping sound and felt that charge of energy.  “Don’t you dare say a word.  Not a word, Jurek.  So help me I’ll smack the crap out of you if you do.” She fisted her hands feeling the urge to punch him.
His sexy hands came into view from behind and wrapped around her waist pulling her against him.
Who the hell has sexy hands? What is it with him?
He took one arm and placed his hand on her forehead, immediately defusing her anger and replacing it with a sense of calm.  “Better?”
She sighed and nodded.
“I’m glad you think my hands are sexy, but they’re not nearly as sexy as yours,” he purred in her ear.  “Someday, I want to feel them all over my body, Liasare.” She melted into him.
“Fuck! It’s so not fair that you have this effect on me.” Frustration rolled off her.
“Please don’t use such nasty language. Your beautiful mouth wasn’t meant for such ugly words.”
“Why ...”
“Stop asking me questions you know I won’t answer and start trusting me.  I’m trying to teach you the art of defense. You must understand that when we go back to Earth we go back to fight. As part of our team, you will be in great danger. The Xanthians also have your DNA now and can easily trace you. You are high risk and a target so you must know how to defend yourself.  I can sense when you’re in danger, but I’m not willing to take any chances where your life is concerned.”

***

After several weeks of training, even with Jurek’s healing powers, every muscle in her body screamed when she rolled out of bed each morning.  She shuddered when she thought how she would have felt without Jurek’s magic mojo.  Liasare stretched and hit the transmuter up for some breakfast.  One thing about all this training ... it made her eat like a horse.  She guzzled down a large glass of OJ, ate two pieces of buttered toast, hash browns, three scrambled eggs and four slices of perfectly cooked bacon.
Swallowing that last bit of crispy bacon, she slipped into her workout clothes, which were form fitting shorts and a sleeveless shirt that emphasized every bump and curve on her body, and headed to the bathroom to wash her face and brush her teeth.  Knowing Jurek derived great pleasure in her workout wardrobe, if she had the means, she wished she could show up in the indecent outfit Tak had given her that day.  Liasare also wished she could get rid of some of her bumps and curves, but whatever.
It had taken her awhile, but she finally figured out how to get from her quarters to the training facility.  This place was confusing as hell.  She took an elevator that didn’t just go up and down, it went backwards, forwards and sideways.  She was so discombobulated when she got off the damn thing, she could never figure out if she had to go left or right.  After days of wandering around in no man’s land, she began trail blazing.  Wrapping elastic hair ties everywhere, she was finally able to find her way around.
What she didn’t know was that Tak and Jurek found out about this and early this morning, they changed the location of all her hair ties.  They were spying on her as she wandered around, and unbeknown to her, she was walking around in a large circle.  Everything looked the same on the space station ... white, white, and more white.  There were no signs anywhere ... well, none that she could read.  There were symbols everywhere, similar to the tattoos that Jurek bore on his arms and that sexy one on his hip.  Her mind drifted to that work of art and its location and how she wanted to run her fingers across it.
Whoa ... where the hell am I?  I should have been there by now!
Liasare turned around and backtracked, but dammit all, everything looked the same to her. She wondered why these Praestani had such a penchant for white and monotony.  She felt like taking some spray paint and livening up this place.
Tak and Jurek were howling as they watched her.  “Do you think we need to rescue her,” Tak asked.
“I suppose that would be the nice thing to do,” Jurek laughed.
“She has provided us with some badly needed amusement, hasn’t she?”
“And no doubt we will pay for it later.”
Liasare stood there, trying to decide what her next move would be.  She was damned if she’d call out to Jurek.  As her bad luck would have it, she looked up to see Tak approaching her.
“Hey there Brownie.  What are you doing all the way over here?”
“Oh, I thought I would go for a stroll.  What the hell does it look like?” she snapped.
“You’re late, and the lord of the manor is not happy.”
“The lord of the manor can kiss my ass. Do you Praestani not believe in any color besides white?”
“What do you mean?” Tak wondered, truly puzzled by her odd question.
“Open your eyes, fool.  Every-fucking-thing is white.  Is that the only paint choice you have where you hail from?”
Tak burst out in laughter and didn’t stop for a long time.
They entered the training facility and Jurek raised his brows at Tak.
“Brownie was asking if we had other colors on Praestan.”
“What?”
“Everything here is white.  White walls, white furniture, white clothing. I could stand next to the wall and you wouldn’t even notice me.”
“Oh, I would definitely notice you Liasare,” Jurek said in a throaty whisper.
Liasare’s stomach immediately turned into a handful of twisted knots.  Okay, change of subject here.
“Sorry I’m late.  I got a tad lost.”
“You’re fighting Tak today.  Gear up,” Jurek said curtly.
Hmmm, insta-change-a-mood.
She looked at Jurek beneath her lashes and saw him staring intently at her.  Her cheeks grew hot as she flushed and she could barely tear her eyes away from him. Sighing deeply, she put on her protective gear.
Jurek instructed her every move while she fought Tak.  As the day progressed, so did her technique.  Immensely.  Her improvement was so great, he commented on it at the end of the day, surprising her.
“I think you want to hurt Tak.  You fight him like a warrior.  Excellent job Liasare.  Meet us in the dining facility in one hour for dinner tonight.  We discuss our return to Earth.”
They both popped out of the room, leaving her standing there, her mouth forming a huge O.
Chapter 14


Dining facility? Return to Earth?
Liasare fumbled her way back to her room. It took her quite a while to get there, having to stop and ask directions several times. That left her little time to get ready so she took a brief shower and hurriedly dressed in a pair of white (no surprise there) form fitting pants with a matching long sleeved shirt. Then she wondered how the heck she was supposed to get to the dining facility, wherever that might be.  About that time, her viewing platform lit up and Naroo’s face appeared.
“My lady ...”
“Ahhh,” Liasare screamed as she spun around.  “Jeez, Naroo, you scared me to death!”
“Forgive me, my lady.  My intent was not to frighten you.  I wanted to ask if you were ready. I was told to escort you to the dining facility.”
“Yes,” Liasare sighed, her heart pounding a million beats a second.  “Thanks, I think.”
She heard a pop and there stood Naroo.
“Why didn’t someone tell me that window could do that?”
“I apologize, my lady.  I suppose we all forgot,” Naroo said, bowing.  She was dressed in a white flowing robe that tied at the waist.
“Whew, you really scared the crap out of me.  And Naroo, please call me Liasare.”  Liasare rubbed her chest as she spoke.
“Oh, that I can’t do, my lady. As a guest of my lord Jurek, I must address you appropriately.”
“May I ask you something?”
“Of course.”
“Why do you call Jurek, ‘My lord’?”
“Because that is what he is.  He is our lord and ruler.”
“Oh.”  This really puzzled Liasare.  Lord and ruler of what, she wondered?  “May I ask you something else?” Naroo nodded. “Why is everything white?”
“White is the color of power and Praestani equates it to power.  It is Light or the opposite of Dark.  It is the true meaning of our species my lady.”  Naroo’s beautiful eyes were wide and glowing when she spoke and her lips had curved into a soft smile, making her even more beautiful.  Liasare decided she liked this woman very much.
“Thank you for sharing that Naroo. Please don’t take this the wrong way, but you are very beautiful.  I’ve never met a woman without hair and you are the loveliest thing I’ve ever seen. Your tattoos are amazing.”
Naroo face flushed.  “Why, thank you my lady.  Many Praestani women have no hair.  Some hate it but I don’t mind it.  Less time in the shower I say,” she laughed.  Liasare joined her in laughter.
“Okay, this is going to sound really strange but I find myself drawn to you.  As in friendship.  I’ve never had a girlfriend before.  When I was young, all the kids made fun of me because I’d been in an accident that left me covered in horrible scars. So I never hung out with any of them.  Anyway, I hope you don’t think I’m strange or anything,” Liasare ended, as she reached for Naroo’s hand and gave it a slight squeeze.
“What happened to your scars, if you don’t mind me asking?”
“Oh, Jurek healed me,” Liasare informed her.
Naroo’s eyes widened.  “My lady, this is true?”
“Yeah. Why?”
“My lord Jurek normally doesn’t heal humans. You must be special to him indeed.”
Liasare’s heart tripped at Naroo’s words. The simple thought of that man did strange things to her body. “I don’t think so. I think he barely tolerates me.”
“You don’t truly believe that?  Your mind is telling me quite a different story.  My lord Jurek is a difficult man, yes, but a great man, to be sure. My lady, he will guard you and protect you. This I can say with certainty.”
Liasare grabbed Naroo’s arms. “Why? Why does he do this?”
“Who is to say?  He has his reasons.  Come, we must go before we are late.”
When they entered the dining hall, all the men were already seated. Jurek sat at the head of the table, with Tak to his left. Sitting next to Tak was Ludo. Across from Ludo sat Marik.  There was an empty seat that was suspiciously empty on Jurek’s right.  His eyes motioned to Liasare to have a seat there.  Naroo sat at the end opposite from Jurek.
Liasare eyed Jurek as she took her seat. He was the only one dressed entirely in black, which contrasted with the lightness of his lavender eyes.
The men were drinking some sort of golden liquid and Jurek reached to fill Liasare’s glass.  She watched the muscles of his shoulders shift as his shirt stretched across them when he poured the liquid into her glass. She briefly wondered if he dressed like this to entice her, or if wore tight shirts just to emphasize his beautiful physique.
“Go easy on this.  It’s Praestani wine. It’s much more potent than what you’re used to.”
Liasare took a sip and the wine slid down her throat with ease.  It was the most delicious wine she had ever tasted.
“This is wonderful!” she exclaimed.  Jurek lips curved into a sexy smile that she would have liked to stare at all night, except Tak interrupted her thoughts.
“So Brownie likes our wine, does she?”
“Yes, she does.  Are you going to be pleasant tonight Tak or are you going to be a big pain in my ass?”
The others at the table chuckled, but Jurek reached over and grabbed Liasare’s hand and asked, “I would ask that you both behave tonight.  We have some important matters that need to be discussed.” He leaned back in his chair, but failed to release her hand.
“So, what’s on the agenda?” Liasare asked.
“We will go back to Earth in two weeks time.  Tak and Marik have found us new headquarters and are nearly done outfitting them.  Then we need to continue our work.  Marik has some information you may have some interest in, Liasare.”
Liasare’s eyes swung to Marik.  Generally the quiet one, he wasn’t comfortable speaking in front of the group. Possessing the same dark hair, lavender eyes and tattoos on his arms, his facial features were harsher, giving him a more frightening appearance.
“I have more information on the Xanthian minions.  The warehouse your brother used as an address is where some of them live.  There are others just like it dotted across the city.  The Xanthians use the minions for their dirty work.  They take orders and are expendable.  We’ve tracked some of them through their DNA and they match some of the missing persons that have been reported.  The problem is that there are so many missing now, it would be virtually impossible to track every single person.  What we want to do is use you to help us find your brother so we can bring him in for questioning.  If that fails, then we will need to employ our mind reading capabilities.”
Tightening his hold on her hand Jurek leaned forward and asked, “Are you up to this task Liasare? This would mean another confrontation.  You will have to put your feelings aside and deal with him as you would someone you had no connection to.  Can you do this?”
Without pausing to think, she instantly answered, “Yes. Absolutely. I want to know what’s going on and I want to help in any way I can.  I definitely want to help Thomas.  So yes, count me in.”  She looked around the table to see them all, except for Jurek, regarding her skeptically.
Tak eyed her for a moment and then said, “No fuck-ups this time Brownie.  That last one set us back big time.  I don’t care if you come face to face with that POS brother of yours a dozen times.  No reaction.  Got it?  Or I’ll personally kick your ass back to Vesturon.  Are we clear?”
“Yes, I hear you loud and clear asshat.  And for the record, my brother is not a piece of shit.  You got that? Something’s going on. Thomas wouldn’t do this because he wanted to become a Xanthian.  You don’t know him like I do.”
When she finished, her hands were trembling. Jurek took her chin in his hand, turning her head toward him.  He lowered his voice to almost a whisper.  As usual, it sent shivers down her spine.  “Tak’s right Liasare.  We can’t afford any more mishaps. If you don’t think you can handle this, let us know tonight.  I do not judge. I only seek to move this mission forward.”  He was lightly drawing circles on the inside of her wrist with his thumb, making it difficult to concentrate.
“Look at me Liasare.”  She knew he was using his Praestani mojo on her because her will fled and she did as he commanded.   “Are you able to assist us without becoming emotionally entangled?”
“I am.  I swear I won’t mess things up.” She felt his power flee as he released her.
“Good. Tak, what are our plans?”
“Excuse me. Are we going to eat soon. I’m starving,” Liasare interrupted.
“Humans,” Tak said under his breath.
Liasare flipped him off and Marik laughed.
Jurek snapped his fingers and servers surrounded the table with platters of food. Some of it smelled delicious and then there were things that, well, smelled a bit sketchy to Liasare.
Jurek picked up Liasare’s plate and filled it with all sorts of things.
“Hey, what is that stuff?” she wanted to know.
“Things you will like.  One day, you will learn to trust me,” he informed her.
She eyed the food suspiciously, but she was so ravenous, she tried the first bite and it was so tasty her plate was wiped clean before she was aware of it.
“Brownie eats like a pig,” Tak announced.
They all gaped at her as her face flamed.  “I, er, I was really hungry.  My apologies.  I usually have better manners,” she stammered.  Jurek was leaning back in his chair, eyeing her.  The others were staring at her.  None of them had even taken the first bite.
“Liasare, come here.”
“Why?  I’m right next to you.” She wondered where he was going with this.
“Come here.” There it was, that hypnotic voice again.  He angled his chair and patted his lap.
As much as she didn’t want to, she was helpless to avoid it.  Her legs pushed the chair out as she stood and moved in front of him.  He turned her around and pulled her onto his lap.
“I want to feed you.”
“What? No!” She struggled to get up but he held her firmly, wrapping his arms around her.
Whispering in her ear, he murmured, “I can make you Liasare.  Be still for me.”
Her stomach turned into a wad of knots and she swallowed as her throat suddenly became dry as a bone. “May I have a sip of wine?” her voice quivering.
Placing her glass at her lips, he tilted it and she swallowed, feeling the contents slipping down her throat.  “Better?”  She nodded.
He brought a forkful of food to her mouth, and she automatically opened it and he placed it inside. As she chewed, he began to trace the circles on her wrist once again.  It was becoming increasingly difficult to swallow.  Her desire for him was growing to an inferno of epic proportions.  She squirmed on his lap, feeling the heat intensify in her belly and move between her legs.  She reached out for her wine glass, but he stopped her with his hand.
He brought her glass to her lips and she emptied the glass.  She felt his chest rumble.  “I’m no longer hungry,” she declared.
“Oh, I would disagree,” Jurek said.  “I would say you’re starved.” She looked at him with raised brows when his full lips curved into a smile.  His meaning hit her full on and she turned a bright shade of pink.  “Blushing becomes you Liasare.”
“Um, yeah.  This is a tad embarrassing Jurek.  Can you choose to humiliate me in some place private?” She lowered her eyes and clenched her fists.  She’d never felt this embarrassed before. Well, maybe that time she was naked and Tak and Marik saw her, but that was an emergency. Jurek was doing this on purpose, in front of an audience, and to her surprise, it truly hurt. She was helpless where he was concerned, in every possible way.  There was nothing fair about this.
She felt the vibrations and heard the scraping of Jurek’s chair sliding back and then his voice boomed, “Tak, make our final plans for our return to Earth. Inform me tomorrow.  Marik, keep tabs on the numbers of disappearances and update the databases.  Ludo, you are in charge of the next mission to intercept Xanthian weapons.  Keep me abreast.  Naroo, keep Lare-Stell running in the perfect order you always do.  Good night.”
He lifted Liasare in his arms, strode out of the room, and flashed to his quarters.  They were a much larger version of hers, but also contained an entire security station. He set her down and she walked around, not trusting herself to speak.
“You are angry with me.”
She turned on him and threw a punch at him. “No, Jurek, I am beyond angry.  I’m furious.  I’m livid.  I want to hit you again.”
“Go ahead.  Hit me all you want.”
And she did. Four more times to be exact.  She flew at him, knocking him down.  She landed on top of him and landed a blow to his chin and solar plexus.  Naturally, they did absolutely nothing, but allowed her to burn steam.  When she finished, she was breathing hard, and straddling him.
“You’re impossible ... an arrogant ass. You intentionally made a fool out of me and it hurts.  Worst of all, I can’t fight you back. You are so goddamn unfair. I fucking hate you!”
He grabbed her hands then and clasped them tightly in his. “No, you don’t. You only wish you did.  There is a fine line between love and hate Liasare, and sometimes it’s easy to confuse the two.”
“Wait! Are you telling me that I love you?  Because I hate to inform you, Mr. High and Mightyship, you’re sadly mistaken. You play with me like I’m a fucking toy. You treat me like a piece of shit—something for your amusement, to humiliate in front of your friends.  And you think I love you?  I want to fuck you Jurek.  There’s a big difference.  Figure it out.”
She stood up and said, “Take me back to my room. There’s something distasteful here that I need to get away from.”
Violence rolled off of him in waves and hit her with the force of a jolt of electricity. Everything in his room began to vibrate.
In an instant, he was standing in front of her. “I don’t treat you like a fucking toy nor did I make a fool out of you. I saved you from making a bigger fool out of yourself.  All of them watched you wolf down your food.  It is not the Praestani custom to eat the way you did, so you were insulting them. Didn’t you notice everyone staring at you?  I suppose you didn’t, since you were only focused on shoveling your food into your mouth. I put you on my lap to save face ... your own.  To sit with me is an honor and for me to feed you is an even bigger one. Don’t you realize that to feed someone is one of the most caring and affectionate things you can do for them?  Think about it Liasare! Children can’t survive without being fed ... they are totally dependent on others. I was honoring you, not humiliating you.  You don’t understand our customs so don’t you dare pass judgment on me like that. Now it is you being unfair.  And for your information, if I had wanted to, I could have fucked you dozens of times already.  You of all people know that to be the truth.  I have chosen not to, because I hold you in higher regard than a mere fuck.”
Liasare winced, staring at him, speechless. Now she was humiliated for a completely different reason. She bowed her head and wondered how she could have made such a mess of things again.
Rubbing the back of her neck, she looked at the floor saying, “Once again I seemed to have made a huge mess of things. Why don’t you ever tell me any of these things?”  The back of her throat tightened and her eyes burned with unshed tears.  No one, except her brother, had ever done much for her.  Jurek had gone out of his way on several occasions to help her, even saved her life, and she still hadn’t given him her complete trust. She was a bloody idiot. She walked to the door to leave but then realized she didn’t know how to get back to her quarters.  What did it really matter though?  She knew he wouldn’t want her around, and who could blame him?
“It seems like I’m always making such an ass and a fool out of myself.”  She shook her head, as if to get rid of the awful stuff swirling around in it.  Then she walked out the door.
Walking down one passageway after another, she passed things that all looked the same.  Liasare had to stop a few times because the tears that had threatened to spill finally had their way, and took over, blinding and choking her. She sat down in a small recessed doorway, hoping no one would see her.  Hugging her knees to her chest, she sobbed.  What the hell had gone wrong? Just about everything.  She’d never learned to trust anyone, except her brother.  With good reason, she thought.  When you never had any friends, who were you supposed to trust? She never learned how.
She was going to have to learn and fast, she decided, if she was going to survive in this new world.
She heard that familiar pop, felt the rush of energy and opened her eyes to see a hand in front of her face.  She looked up to see Jurek.
“Come, I’ll take you back to your quarters.”
She gave him a pitiful watery smile and said, “Great exit, huh? I couldn’t even make it back to my room without getting lost.”
The corners of his mouth lifted and he said, “Lare-Stell can be quite confusing. You’ll figure it out Liasare.”
“Do you think? I should like to think I will.” She wasn’t thinking about Lare-Stell.  She was thinking about him.  She was desperately trying to figure him out at every turn and failing miserably.  It seemed to her that the harder she tried, the more lost she became and the worst she failed.
“You will.”
They reached her quarters and unable to stop himself, he drew her inside and into his arms.  His lips found hers and she melted into him.  Her arms went around his neck as she pulled him closer. He tangled his fingers in her hair and lifted her in his arms, deepening the kiss.  His tongue traced her lower lip and he pulled it in between his lips and nibbled on it as she moaned.  He gently coaxed her tongue to slowly dance with his, as his thumbs curved over her tense jaw, willing it to relax.  Liasare never tasted anything so exotic as Jurek.  If his smell enticed her, his kiss did so even more.
“You are like no other Liasare,” he whispered into her mouth.
“Don’t stop kissing me Jurek.  I know what you said back there but I don’t want you to stop. Please don’t stop. I’m sorry for all the stuff I said back there.”
He backed them into her bed and they tumbled down upon it.  He kissed her again and pressed himself into her.  She felt the length of his erection as he rotated his hips into her.  She moaned into his mouth as she ran her hand beneath his shirt, tracing the planes of his muscles.  She straddled him as she kissed him, but sat up to pull her shirt over her head.
Jurek placed his hands on her, but she stopped him, tugging at his shirt.  “Take your shirt off Jurek.  I need to touch you.” It wasn’t a request, but a command.
He sat up and his shirt was off so swiftly, Liasare hardly saw him do it.  He smiled at her reaction as they faced each other. Glancing down at his chest, she placed her hands where her gaze had been, feeling his strength beneath her fingers as they grazed along his smooth tawny skin.  He reached out and cupped her breast in his hand, rolling her firm peak between his fingers until she moaned.
“I’m going to make you come for me.” As he moved his hands over her breasts, she felt the energy flowing out of him and into her and her hardened buds responded by sending waves of pleasure pulsating throughout her body.  Her nerve endings suddenly fired and the feelings began to intensify, like they did the first time with him.  Her breasts tingled, but the sensations went directly to her core, heating her up, building and then fracturing into a million pieces, sending impulses shooting along every nerve ending in her body.  She screamed his name as she came, squeezing his shoulders.  When the sensations subsided, she pulled him to her and kissed him, invading his mouth with her tongue.  Then she pushed him back down on the bed and began a journey with her tongue on his body, ending at the tattoo on his hip.  Touching it lightly with her fingers, she followed its lines with her tongue; then she was sucking it with her lips and finally, nibbling it with her teeth, and as she did, Jurek’s moans were like a symphony to her.
When she moved to unzip his pants, he put his hands on hers, stopping her.  He pulled her up next to him and held her.
“No.”
“Please Jurek. I don’t want to stop.” She cupped his cheek.
“Neither do I, but we must,” he insisted.
“It’s not like you’re forcing me.  I want this, Jurek.”
He smiled, “As do I.  But there’s much more to consider than what we want.”
“More riddles.  This is so frustrating,” she groaned.
He rolled on his side and grinned, “Be glad you’re not in my pants right now.”
“But I’d love get in your pants right now. That’s exactly where I want to be.”
He roared with laughter.  “And I’d love for you to be in my pants.”
“Then tell me why you keep shutting me down.”
“Liasare, you and I are connected, somehow. That’s the piece of the puzzle I haven’t quite figured out yet.  We can’t just ... hmm ... for lack of a better term, we can’t just have sex and move on.  It doesn’t work that way. Not when there’s a connection.  Especially when one considers the prophecy.”
“So it’s not me.”
“No, it is you.  That’s exactly it.”
“That’s not what I meant.  I meant ... well, you want me, right?” She suddenly felt awkward and self-conscious asking him that.  Her eyes dropped to her hands as she twisted them together.
“Give me your hand, love.”  He took her hand and placed it gently on the front of his pants.  She could feel his arousal beneath her fingers and there was no denying that she affected him just as much and he did her.  “Do you seriously think I would be in this condition, which by the way is very uncomfortable, if I didn’t want you? Damn Liasare, I want you every waking moment, with every fucking breath I take.  When we’re fighting, arguing, eating, talking, breathing.  My body vibrates for you.  It’s painful.  I want you more than I’ve ever wanted anyone or anything. Promise me something, Liasare.”
“What?” she asked, picking up his hand and tracing the lines of the tattoos on his arm with her thumb.
“Promise me you’ll be patient and I promise you it will be worth the wait.”
“I’ll hold you to that Mister,” she smiled, leaning in to kiss him.
“Sleep with me tonight.  In my quarters, wearing nothing.”
“Can you stand it?” she asked, rolling on top of him.
“Probably not.  Call it self-torture, but I want you naked, in my bed.”
“Okay ...” before she could finish the sentence, Jurek flashed them to his quarters, to his bed.  “Oh, you think you’re pretty cool, don’t you?”
He gave her that look and said, “Nope, I know I’m cool!”
Chapter 15


Four days later, Liasare made her way to the training facility, but was intercepted by Naroo, who gave her a message from Jurek.  He had been called away and wouldn’t be there, but he would return as soon as he could.  That was all the message said.
Naroo told Liasare she had access to anything she wanted, including Jurek’s quarters.  Liasare figured she would work on strength training as usual and then perhaps read a book later on.
Pushing herself to the limits, she forgot what it was like not to have Jurek’s special mojo around.  Her muscles screamed obscenities at her and as she hobbled back to her quarters. Grabbing a few items, she tapped the window and asked to speak to Naroo.  Naroo’s face popped on the screen and Liasare asked her for some assistance in finding Jurek’s quarters.
Once there, Liasare hopped in the shower.  It was odd how she missed him.  When she stepped in his bathroom, just seeing his belongings brought her comfort.  She liked the technology on Lare-Stell, which included the awesome showers. They had built in dryers that dried the body as well as the hair.  It saved so much time that she wondered if Jurek could bring one of these to Earth when they went back.
She quickly pulled on a pair of comfy pants and shirt and headed for the seat by the viewing platform.  On her way there, she picked up her reading device, as she planned to relax and finish the book she’d been working on for a while.  Her eyes kept wandering to the stars in the distance, distracting her with their sparkling beauty.  Tommy always told her she would love space travel if she ever had the opportunity to try it. He was right. She could barely pull her eyes off the view and back to her book.  Soon, she relaxed and felt her eyes closing.

***

Jurek’s emotions were out of control.  He’d been called away to Vesturon to assist a close friend, but instead he’d been dealt the worst kind of blow he’d ever received, one so fierce he felt his heart had been wrenched from his chest. He never thought Liasare could have deceived him, and as effectively as she had. He’d been forced to pretend it all was fine, for he didn’t want to give his feelings away to his friend, but all the while he was dying inside.  Then the pain of realizing what she’d done, turned to anger.  He seethed inside, feeling the heat build to a blaze within his core.  He needed to get back to Lare-Stell before he had a meltdown, so he’d made some flimsy excuse about his behavior after making a promise to his friend and quickly got the hell out of there.
Vacillating between anguish and rage, he was a roller coaster of emotions. He kept flexing his fists, but the urge to punch something finally overruled and that’s how he ended up in the training facility.  He didn’t even bother to put on the gloves, but went after the punching bag with everything he had.  When there was nothing left to the bag but the rope from which it had hung, he still felt the need to let off more steam. He couldn’t understand why she made him feel this way.  Or could he? Was he hiding from the truth? Did he not want to face it, because he was afraid of opening himself up to her, or was it because he was afraid of rejection?  The confrontation wasn’t going to be pretty, but he knew he needed to get it over with.  He headed to the locker room, showered and changed before making his way to his quarters.  His belly churned and his muscles tensed at the thought of what was to come.
Jurek entered his quarters and saw her sleeping at the platform.  He was angry with her, very angry, but he couldn’t pull his eyes away from her as she slumbered.  She had such a softness about her when she slept; he loved to gaze at her then.  There was no worry or anger or sadness about her.  He released a sigh, contemplating how he would handle this.  Talk about complications.  What he learned today just threw another damn monkey wrench into the fucking cogwheel.
Feeling his anger surge again, Jurek slammed his fist into his palm.  The noise awakened Liasare.
“What’s happened?” she asked, startled.
Rubbing his jaw, he gave her a hard look before responding.
“I almost don’t know where to begin, Sarah Liana St. Davis.”
She sucked in her breath and her face drained of color upon hearing her birth name roll off his tongue.
“I’ll ask you this one time and I’ll know if you lie. Why did you use an alias with me?” His eyes drilled into hers.
She knew she had to be completely honest here or she was toast.  Her voice quaked as she answered, “When I decided to come and search for my brother, I did it without my family’s knowledge.  My sister is married to someone very high up on Vesturon.  They wouldn’t tell me anything.  The Guardians wouldn’t tell me anything.  I finally found someone who discovered that all of my brother’s records had been wiped out.  Someone is hiding something and my sister and her husband’s family has to know.  So I had to assume an alias. I also did it for protection and so they couldn’t find me. And I know this is kind of trite, but I always hated my birth name, I really like my new name.” She bowed her head before she continued, “After I met you, I knew I could never go back to being Sarah. When you say, ‘Liasare,’ it sounds so sexy and does something magical to me.”
“Dammit Liasare, don’t you dare change the subject!”
“I’m not! You asked for the truth and I’m giving it to you,” her voice cracking.  He looked into her eyes for any untruths, but could find none. His mind searched hers, but could only find honesty.
He let out his breath before he asked, “How high up on Vesturon is your family?  And don’t lie.”
“Not my family.  My sister’s...”
“Answer the question, dammit!”
“The top banana! The Yarristers! I’m sure you’ve heard of them. Everyone has.”
“Give me your hand,” he said through gritted teeth.  She placed her hand in his and they popped into another room on Lare-Stell.  It was a huge suite containing several rooms. One was filled with a baby crib, and two other beds.  Pictures were scattered everywhere and Jurek pulled Liasare closer so she could see them.  She gasped when she recognized her sister, brother-in-law, Jurek, and her nieces and nephews.
“What is this?” she turned to him asking.
“These are January’s quarters.  Rykerian comes sometimes too. That’s where I’ve been today.  Vesturon.  She called to me.  She’s been worried about you because you left without telling anyone.  Then she showed me your picture, so I could assist in your search. And what do you know?  Little sister is Liasare!  Fuck it all!  How do you think I felt when I found out you’ve been lying to me from the start?”
He grabbed her arm and they flashed back to his quarters.
“Don’t worry little girl. Your secret is safe. I told her you were with me. You can imagine her shock.  I’ve smoothed things over, but I was shocked as hell, when I found out I had been deceived by you.”
“You know January? And Rykerian? How?” Liasare was shocked too, and confused as hell.
“That’s a long story and I’m asking the questions here.  Remember on Earth when I told you I wanted the truth?  Why didn’t you give it to me?”
“It was for my protection.  If they found out I was here, the person that helped me get here would also be in deep shit. I was protecting him, too.  They also would have stormed Earth to find me and take me home.”
“Is he your lover?” His eyes were deadly now and his mouth was nothing but a thin line.
“What? No! Not that it’s any of your business,” she fumed.
“Oh, that’s where you’re so very wrong, Liasare.  Everything about you is my business,” Jurek taunted, his voice edged in steel.  “You would be wise to remember that.”
“Yes, Master.”
Moving quicker than lightening, he unleashed part of his power as he latched onto her arm, causing a jolt of pain to explode up her arm.
“Aww,” she screamed, “Let me go! You’re hurting me!” She tried to wrench free of him.
“Not until you agree, no more lies or omissions of truth between us.”
“O-Okay!  Please stop,” she whimpered, agreeing to anything to get rid of the pain. He released her and she dropped to her hands and knees, moaning.  The pain resonated up her arm and she rubbed it, trying to ease the sensation.  Instead of abating, it worsened, moving from her arm to the rest of her body.  She fell to her side with a wail and pulled her legs to her chest, trying to breathe.  Then the seizures began.  Soon she was writhing in agony.  Jurek looked on and was immediately sickened by his actions.
“Dammit,” he said reaching for her.  Her eyes were nearly rolling back in her head by this time and he pulled her into his arms, placing his hand on her head. Initially, there was no response, but then the calm invaded her senses and took away the effects of his power.  She was still panting when suddenly she rolled to the side and threw up violently, several times.  He ran his hand along her face and neck, trying to continue to sooth her.  Placing her on his bed, he went to the bathroom and came back with a damp cloth to clean her face.
He wiped her cheeks and mouth and kept running his hands from her face to her forehead, continuing to calm her.  He knew he was going to face a fierce storm, but dammit, he was pissed. He felt great remorse, when her lovely hazel eyes looked at him accusingly, and she rolled away from him and lay on her side, unspeaking.
He stood next to the bed and began, “You may not want to hear this story right now, but I will tell it nonetheless.  About nineteen years ago, my father and half-sister were taken prisoner by the Xanthians.  The Xanthians wanted me to do something--something I’ve regretted and will regret for the rest of my life--in return for their lives.  I agreed.  I did what they asked but the Xanthians reneged.  I came to the Guardians for help because they were the only ones who had been successful in breaking someone out of the Xanthian prison. I knew how airtight the prison was because I designed the security for it myself. At first they wouldn’t agree so I sort of kidnapped January in order to get them to do what I wanted.  I knew it was underhanded and I was an asshole, but they finally agreed.  My father was killed saving my sister. In retrospect, I should have backed away from the whole thing, but I was doing the family love and duty thing. Thing is, my father never gave a shit about me and my sister is the most selfish thing alive.” He laughed derisively.  “Anyway, during this whole process, January and I made this connection.  Not as in lovers, but as in brother-sister.  We are still extremely close, but neither of us could figure out why.  The answer has become abundantly clear to me now.  It’s you, Liasare.  You are what binds us. Rykerian hates me. Well, not so much anymore, but he did at first. I’m close to Xarrid, but the other Yarristers are lukewarm. I gave January away at her wedding and I love her more than I’ll ever love my own sister. I was there at the birth of all her children. So now you know the story.”  He paused for a minute and looked at her back, waiting for her to speak.  “I am so angry with you right now I don’t know what to do.”
She moved slightly and said, “I never knew all of that.  Why does January never speak of you?” she sniffed.
“I’ve asked her to keep our existence a secret.  None of the Yarristers speak of us. It is the Praestani way. I will ask the same of you.”
“Why did you unleash your power on me? I thought I was going to die.  You hurt me Jurek.  You know what your power does to me yet you still did it,” she said as she dissolved into tears once more.  The truth was her heart hurt more than her body did, for when he purposely injured her, the knife that wounded her spirit hurt far worse than any physical pain she felt.
He placed his hand on her back and began to rub a pattern of circles on it.  “I will never let you die. I will always be there to save you, do you hear me?  But dammit, I was so angry with you.  I wanted your commitment not to lie and I wanted to punish you for lying to me.”
“You can’t punish me Jurek. I’m not your child. And I only lied to protect my friend and myself. I didn’t want him to lose his position with the Guardians for helping me.  I haven’t lied to you for any other reason.”  She swiped the back of her hand across her face, trying to wipe the tears away.
“I promised January and Rykerian I would keep you safe. Now I am doubting my plans to allow you to go back to Earth.”
Liasare looked at Jurek and he knew there would be resistance here. “You don’t seriously think you can keep me here now, do you?”
“I suppose not. I’m sure you would make Naroo’s life a living hell.” Liasare mentally agreed with him.
She wondered if her sister suspected anything was going on between Jurek and her. She herself wondered if anything was going on between the two of them. After tonight, she wasn’t sure.
“You don’t honestly think that do you?”
“Please don’t do that.  I hate it when you read my mind. It puts me at an unfair advantage.  My life is so full of them right now where you’re concerned, can’t you just concede to me this one thing?” Liasare was so frustrated right now.
“Unfair?  Do you think you’ve been fair with me? You don’t trust me and you lie to me?  How fair does that sound to you?”
She knew he was holding back his anger; she could sense it right beneath the surface, trying to burst forth.
“You have all those powers and I have nothing. I can never win against you.  Even a simple touch from you can destroy me.”
He nodded once to her, “You make a fair point Liasare.  But why do you think it’s me versus you?  Why can’t you look at it as a joint venture?  As a team?  If you go back to Earth with us, you must work as a team. If you don’t trust us, you better bloody damn well act like you do, or all bets are off.  Do you understand? And so help me, if you ever lie to me again, you’d better run for your life!”
Liasare thought for a moment.  What were her real options? She couldn’t stay here; she’d feel trapped like an animal. At least on Earth, though small, she’d feel she was making some contribution. Jurek’s behavior did freak her out.  His power freaked her out. She wished he would spill it all and get it out in the open, but from the looks of things, her super powered revved up alien wasn’t in any kind of hurry to share his innermost thoughts or his background.  Well, suck it up she would.  She hated herself for caving into him, but as long as she could wheedle out one of those amazing orgasms from him, maybe she could be happy...a little. Who was she kidding? She wanted the real thing ... and soon. She wondered if it were possible to get him drunk and seduce him.
Her eyes must have betrayed her because next thing she knew, his face was next to hers and that damn sexy voice of his was whispering to her that she needed to clear her head of such naughty thoughts.  Busted!
“You naughty girl. Get your head out of the gutter, sweetheart.  You have one week to hone your skills.  It’ll be with me because Tak’s already left for Earth.  Be prepared, love, for a tough daily workout. Now, you can sleep with me, if you’d still like, or you can return to your room. I want you here with me, but after everything you’ve been through, I understand if you want some privacy.”
She cocked her head at him and said, “Privacy my ass! I want a full on body massage with your super duper mojo and then right before lights out, you’re going to make me come once more.  After that, I’m going to sleep and you’re going to lie awake a very frustrated man!”
He looked at her intently for a minute, and then in a flash, he was gone.

***

She’s going to be the death of me yet!
He had to get away from her ... the sooner the better.  He was ready to drop to his knees and profess his love for her. What the hell was he thinking?  He couldn’t afford to do that now. That could put her in serious danger.  He was no fool.  He could tell how she felt about him and the last thing he wanted was to exploit those feelings. His emotions were so tangled up in her right now he was losing his steely control he always prided himself in.
How can one woman be capable of bringing me to my knees like Liasare does? Christ, I look at her and I fall apart at the seams.  And then I’m such a shit; I go and zap her with my fucking power.  The look in her eyes made me want to die.  The only person in the universe that means something to me and there I go acting like a dick and actually hurt her ... physically hurt her. I should be strung up by my balls for that.  I should be worshipping her and what do I do instead? I cause her pain.
He was so disgusted with himself he found himself in a bathroom, becoming violently ill over what he had done to her.
Chapter 16


Liasare was surprised to find herself alone in Jurek’s bed in the morning. She fully expected him to be there. He must still be totally pissed at her.
“Oh, hell no! Shandro!” she suddenly screamed.
If January and Rykerian knew she was on Earth, it wouldn’t take them long to put two and two together and figure out how she got there.
She flew out of bed and headed out the door when she realized she was butt ass naked.
“Crap! Jurek, get in here!” she shouted.
No response.
“Jurek!  I need you now.  Please! Help me!  Jurek!”
Still nothing.  On to Plan B.  She needed to get dressed.  She quickly pulled on what she was wearing last night and went into the bathroom to brush her teeth.  Since there was only one toothbrush, she grabbed it and went to town on her pearly whites.  Dashing to the transmuter, she ordered up a ginormous cup of coffee and headed out the door.  She was clueless to where she was headed, but she had to find someone that could help her communicate with Shandro.  She had to warn him.
“Jurek,” she called out periodically.  Finally, someone told her he was not on Lare-Stell.
“Is Tak around?”
“No, my lady.  He is gone as well.”
“Shit,” she muttered to herself.  “What about Naroo.  Is she here?”
“Yes, my lady.  May I tell her why you’re seeking her?”
“Yes.” Before he could even move, Liasare shouted, “Naroo!  Help me!”
Naroo flashed before her.
“My lady, Liasare.  Is there something wrong?”
“Yes.  I need your help.  I must contact someone on Vesturon.  How can I do that?”
“That’s not possible.  We only contact others through our use of telepathy from Lare-Stell Base.  It’s for security reasons.”
“Damn! Holy moly mother of all!  Triple crap!” Liasare shouted as she slammed her fist into the wall.  “Bloody hell,” she yelped as she grabbed her hand, bending forward.  “Ah, fucking A.  I think I broke my damn hand.”
She fell to her knees at about the same time she heard a pop and felt the hairs raise on the back of her neck. She was in too much pain to care, so when she was flashed to his room, she was still writhing, cradling her hand to her chest.
“Un-fucking-believable! I’m gone for less than twenty-four hours and you bring the bloody space station down.  Give me your damn hand,” he seethed.
Liasare looked at him, feeling the anger pouring out of him. She feared him now, much the same as when he destroyed his quarters after discovering she had touched Tommy.  She shook her head.  She’d rather suffer a broken hand than his wrath.
He narrowed his eyes and snarled, “I’m not playing games Liasare.  Give me your fucking hand, NOW!”  Everything in his room began pulsating. Glass cracked, plastic split, chairs moved.
She stretched her arm out and watched it quiver.  He snatched it and she cried out in pain, as he looked at her in annoyance.  Moments later the pain had disappeared and her hand felt as good as new.  The rest of her, unfortunately, felt like she had been cracked in half.
“Now what, pray tell, is so fucking important that you’ve felt it necessary to cause a major disruption in the universe?”
Suddenly it became unbearably difficult for Liasare to swallow and the back of her throat began to ache. Her eyes filled with water, making it next to impossible to focus. Crossing her arms over her stomach and willing herself not to cry, she dropped her head and stared at her feet.  Why did he always affect her this way, making her feel like a misbehaving child?
“I’m waiting Liasare,” he snarled, “and this better be fucking worth the interruption.”
“I ... I ...”
“Goddammit speak,” he thundered.  Unexpectedly, she found herself up against the wall, his arm holding her beneath her throat. Her face turned ashen and she repeatedly blinked her eyes, in a feeble attempt to stem the flow of tears.
Jurek slipped into his mind control method and commanded, “Liasare, explain.”
When he eased the pressure on her throat, the urge to speak compelled the words from her mouth.  Even though her throat burned and constricted with the pain of her emotions, her forced words told him how she needed to warn Shandro while her tears scalded her cheeks.
When he heard that name, Jurek wanted to tear Lare-Stell to pieces. Jealousy ripped through him, making him burn with anger. He was unfamiliar with these feelings, but they consumed him, leaving his belly filled with a fire he was ill equipped to deal with.  One thing he knew with certainty, if Shandro were standing here right now, Jurek would have killed him.
Stepping away from her, his voice laced with sarcasm he asked icily, “Are you fucking with me? Are you telling me that you’re raising all kinds of hell because you wanted to warn your lover that January might figure out who helped you get to Earth?  I thought you were in trouble Liasare.  I thought you were ill.  Then I arrive here to see you have Naroo in a quandary because of this?”
Breathing heavily, like he’d run a marathon, Liasare watched his face become a mask of fury.  Cowering in the corner, she was truly afraid of him now.
Jurek was beyond angry.  Somehow, Liasare tended to push all the wrong buttons on him and this was the final straw.  He crossed the threshold of his power and was about to let loose.
Liasare watched as his eyes went from lavender to solid silver, to black and was horrified to see a beam of light shoot out and disintegrate half the furniture in his room.  He turned toward her and said, “You bring new meaning to the word anger.”
“Are you going to kill me?” she whimpered.
“You manage to make me lose every last shred of sanity Liasare.  I don’t know what I’m going to do with you,” he seethed.
Something snapped in her brain again, much like the last time when he went all psycho on her.  Her anger took over as she stood up and hissed, “I only wanted to help Shandro.  He helped me and he’s not my lover.  He was Tommy’s best friend.  You saw me naked for fuck’s sake. You saw what I looked like before you took away my scars.  Did I look like someone that would have a hoard of lovers?  You can be such a stupid cow sometimes.  For as powerful and advanced as you claim your species is, how the hell do you get off by not having a solid means of communications?”  When she finished speaking, her chest was heaving, her forehead was damp with sweat and her heart was pounding.
“I get off by fucking women Liasare, that’s how.  And just for the record, Praestani don’t need communication devices.  We are telepaths and can communicate with anyone without them.  They are useless pieces of shit to us.  To answer your question regarding the number of lovers you’ve had, that’s not something I ask a woman because I don’t care to know.”
“Well, good for you, Jurek.  Why don’t you go and fuck some women then?  And while you’re in the neighborhood, go fuck yourself, too. Asshole!”
He stomped up to her and narrowed his eyes, acting like he was debating on whether he was going to say something.  He must have thought the better of it because he flashed out of the room.  Unfortunately for Liasare, at that very second, she reached out to smack him, but her hand came into contact with his pure energy form instead.  He never felt or saw it, his anger ran so deep.
Liasare dropped to the floor like she’d been dosed with a short burst of five hundred volts. Her heart beat erratically and then she went into a series of seizures.  When they finally subsided, the pain began.  She screamed as it intensified until she finally lost consciousness. Eventually she woke up, but she was so weakened from her ordeal, she couldn’t move or call out for help.  She threw up and then a pool of saliva formed beneath her mouth and her hands and feet grew numb.  Her arms and legs were riddled with pins and needles so she could only assume numbness would soon follow in them as well.  She wondered if she were dying.  In the past whenever she had touched Tak or Jurek, Jurek always had said it would pass.  For her, it seemed it only kept getting worse. She made every effort to move, but only succeeded in passing out again.

***

Jurek flashed back to Earth.  He was on the hunt ... on the hunt to destroy something.  The idea of Liasare wanting to protect that Vesturion made him want to scream.
Doesn’t she know I’m the only one I want her to think about? Doesn’t she know she has me on edge every day I can barely think straight anymore? How can she want to protect that Guardian when it’s me I want her to be thinking about?
Jurek only had one thing on his mind now and that was destruction.  He had to take his vengeance out on something and he knew exactly who.
He went straight to one of the known Xanthian warehouses and annihilated it.  Next, he flew to the alleyways behind the clubs in town, searching for more Xanthians to destroy and lucky for him, he found what he was looking for.  Continuing on this killing spree, he didn’t stop until the sun began to rise.  The last vestiges of his anger had finally subsided, so he headed for Lare-Stell to rest for a few hours.
When he entered his quarters he knew there was something terribly wrong.  What he saw lying on the floor, nearly made his heart stop.  He had her wrapped in his arms in a millisecond.
“Christ! Liasare! Stay with me Liasare!”
He didn’t understand how Liasare had gotten into this condition.  He called out to Naroo and she was there instantly. Naroo couldn’t answer any questions because she hadn’t seen Liasare all day. As far as she knew, she had been in Jurek’s quarters the entire time.
The two of them bathed her with their healing power and after a long while, she began to come around.
Naroo quietly slipped out, while Jurek watched Liasare as her eyes opened at last.
“I’m not dead, am I?” she weakly asked.
He shook his head.  “What happened?” he asked, his voice gruff with emotion.
“I touched you as you flashed out,” her voice was hoarse and her throat felt like saw dust.
“Bloody hell, Liasare.  Why would you do that?” he asked, a pained expression in his eyes.
“I didn’t know you were going to leave.  I was going to smack you for being such an asshat, but you left at the same time.  You didn’t know I touched you, did you?”
“No, I can’t feel it if I’m in my energy form. Shit! So you were lying here like this all night?” he asked, incredulously.
“Yeah, I thought I was ...” she swallowed, trying to relieve the constriction in her throat as tears rained down her cheeks.  Jurek reached for her when her words stopped him.  “Please don’t.  I can’t bear for you to touch me right now.” A lump the size of an egg had stubbornly lodged in her throat and her heart felt like it was fracturing into a million tiny pieces.  “I think I need to gather my wits about me,” she said woodenly.  She absently rubbed her chest in an effort to make the pain go away. Liasare felt as though pieces of her were scattered about the room and she puzzled as to how she would collect them to put herself back together.
Jurek stepped away for a minute. Liasare pulled her shirt over her hand and wiped her tears away.  She felt physically and mentally beaten.
“Here,” Jurek said, handing her a glass of water.
Reaching out, she took the glass and her fingers brushed against his, sending a current of heat down her hand and arm.  She jerked in reaction and spilled the contents of the glass down the front of her shirt.  Bursting into tears, he lifted her in his arms and carried her to the window seat, where he held her as she sobbed.
When at last he felt the storm had passed, without uttering a word, he moved her from his lap and set her on the seat. Walking to the transmuter, he ordered something to eat and drink.  Carrying it to her, he set the tray down and went to fetch a blanket to wrap around her.  Once done, he began to feed her. He had ordered some wine and he made her drink two glasses. When she was finished with the second, he returned the tray for disposal.
When he rejoined her she said, “Thank you.”
“For what? For nearly killing you and having the good grace to save you and feed you?”
“I ... I ...” she stammered.  She didn’t how to respond to him.
“You don’t have to respond Liasare.” He rubbed his eyes with the palms of his hands, trying the ease the tension within them.
“You didn’t know I touched you.  You can’t blame yourself for that.”
“It doesn’t matter. I nearly killed you.  If I hadn’t returned to Lare-Stell, you could have died.”
It was true, and it frightened her.  He frightened her.  His power frightened her.  Everything about him frightened her. But what frightened her the most was the way he made her feel. She wanted him like she’d never wanted anything in her life.  She had tried to deny it.  She had tried to avoid the truth, but it was there all the same.  She was attracted to him like a moth to a flame and she was afraid to admit what else she was feeling for him.  He always said he’d be the one to save her life, but now she wasn’t so sure of that.  It didn’t matter though.  Sadly, she wanted to be as close to him as she could and she’d take him however she could.  She wanted to touch him, his face, his hair, his mouth, his skin ... all of him or just a part.  Whatever he was willing to share with her.  She’d take it. If he’d only allow touching, well she’d settle for it.  He was in her blood, running through her veins like that current she felt whenever they touched.  He was the heat in her body ... the beating of her heart ... and she felt him everywhere in her.
Liasare lifted her eyes to see him watching her.  Unable to stop herself, she put her arms around him and said, “I don’t know the why’s of all of this, but there is something between us Jurek.  I can’t deny this anymore.  You can if you want and that’s fine.  I’ll settle for whatever you want to dole out, but right now, what I want is to kiss you, like I’ve never kissed you before.  So if you’re going to stop me, you’d better do it now.”
Not another word passed between them before Jurek’s lips claimed hers in a kiss that rocked her world.  Everything that had gone wrong between them over the last two days was forgotten as his velvety tongue danced with hers and discovered new ways of pleasing her.  She became bolder, as she learned more about the art of kissing, again mimicking him and pleasing him as she did so.  She ran her tongue along his lips, teasing and biting them, while he coaxed her along, asking for more and more.  His tongue blazed a trail of heat from her ear to her shoulder, and circled her pulse point, making her beg for more.  He focused on all her erogenous zones bringing her to orgasm, while she marveled that they still hadn’t even had sex.
“I want you Jurek.  I know you’ve said no, but I’m asking again.”
“Liasare, there’s something you need to know.  My power may be dangerous if we make love.  A transfer of power between us can take place and if that happens, I’m afraid it could put you at risk of being harmed.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I’m not sure I can adequately explain it other than when I fully unite with you or when our bodies join together, my power can take over and if your body isn’t accepting of it, it can harm you.  After what just happened to you, I’m afraid of hurting you further.”  He ran his fingers through her hair, tucking a stray piece behind her ear.
“Is there any way to test it?”
“Not that I’m aware of.”
“What about your past relationships with other women?”
“I’d rather not talk about that Liasare,” he said, shifting his eyes away.
“I’m not asking because I want to know what went on between the two of you. I want to know if the women involved got injured.”
He nodded, saying, “Oh, I see, and no.  None of them did. You, however, seem to be an anomaly. You are extremely sensitive to the presence of a Praestani. Do you recall the first time you saw me in that club?  You shouldn’t have been able to detect my presence. Yet, you were acutely aware that I was there.  I saw you squirming around on your seat.  I was muted to the max, Liasare.  There’s something different about you.  We are somehow drawn to each other.  And I agree with you.  You and I are connected some way.  That’s why I also believe you play a part in the prophecy.”
“Does this mean you’re not even willing to try?  Is there no one we can ask?”
Jurek snorted, “We don’t have sex therapists on Praestan, or physicians for that matter. We don’t suffer from illnesses.  We heal Liasare.”
“Well, you have your answer then.  If anything happens to me, heal me!”
“Damn you’re persistent!” he laughed.
“No, I’m sexually frustrated because you’ve put me off for too long!”
He pulled her shirt off and stared at her.  “If you think you’re frustrated, you ought to be in my pants.”
“I’ve said it before, I’d love to be in your pants, but every time I try, you stop me.  Please. I never thought it would come to the point where I had to beg a man.  Damn you Jurek!”
“Apart from what we just discussed, we have more than our share of unfinished business between us Liasare,” he said pointedly.
She nodded.  “That doesn’t make me want you any less.”
He slid his hands beneath the hem of her shirt and brushed his thumbs across her breasts, instantly causing that current to race through her body and make it hum in arousal. When she felt her body’s response, she put her hands over his and she stopped him.  “Are we going to take this to the next step, or are we both going to remain two frustrated people that get pissed off at each other for stupid stuff?”
Wrapping his hands in her hair, he drew her into him and put his mouth on hers, cutting off her words.  Running his tongue along her lips, he spoke softly into her mouth, murmuring, “You drive a hard bargain, Liasare.  Are you sure you won’t have any regrets about this?”
Right as she began to respond to him, Naroo’s face filled the viewing screen.  “My lord, please accept my apologies for the interruption, but we’ve just been scanned by a Xanthian probe, only this one has very unusual markings and its origins are different from the others.”
Jurek swore under his breath, and turned to the screen.
“Thank you Naroo.  Did you strip the data?”
“Yes, my lord.  What would you like me to replace it with Wile E. Coyote or Elmer Fudd?”
“Your choice Naroo. Make sure you program its next destination as its home base and give them enough time to get data for about five minutes of either Wile E. or Elmer before the damn thing self-destructs.  Add a little extra fire power on it, will you?”
“As you wish my lord.”
Turning back to Liasare, Jurek said, “Sorry for the detour love, but get dressed.  We have some business to attend to.”
Chapter 17


Naroo and Ludo were evaluating the data from the probe when Jurek and Liasare popped into the security center.
“Naroo, prepare to relocate Lare-Stell.  I don’t want to take any risks where LSE is involved.  We have disrupted too many Xanthian plans and the last thing I want is for them to uncover the existence of Lare-Stell.”
“On it, my lord.”
Liasare was poking around the station, trying to figure out what was going on.  The last thing she wanted was to be kept in the dark and right now they were communicating on various levels ... verbal, mental, and physical and she was having problems tracking.
Jurek finally noticed and motioned for her to come to him.  “Normally when we get probed, they are simple bots that scan space and record whatever they come into contact with.  We strip them of the data they have stored and then Tak came up with the idea to replace it with the Roadrunner or Bugs Bunny cartoons. Just another way for Tak to frustrate the Xanthians. This bot was different and Ludo is analyzing it now.”
“My lord, there is some disturbing information on the probe.  It would appear the Xanthians are seeking a place to set up a colony of sorts.  There is also data here referring to their army of minions.”
Liasare was at Ludo’s side before he could utter another word.  “Go on,” she urged.
There isn’t much else, but there is a mention of ‘dark creatures.’”
Jurek’s brow creased and Liasare had a sense of uneasiness come over her, quickly followed by the inability to breathe.  For a long moment, the choking sensation seized her, until Jurek, noticing her discomfort, placed his hand on her forehead, and eased her discomfort.  Looking at him wide-eyed, she blurted out, “Jurek, will you take me to Vesturon?  I need to talk with January and Rykerian about Tommy and all of this.  This thing with the Xanthians and their minions is starting to freak me out.” Her eyes darted about as she thought about what had been happening, not quite knowing what to say.
“Tell me.  What is it?” he asked.
“This whole thing is nuts!  I need answers and they know something.  I can feel it.” She shook her head and rubbed the place between her eyes.
Jurek eyed her warily.  He wasn’t too keen on getting in the middle of whatever was going to happen between Liasare and January.  “When would you like to go?”
“Now if we can.”
He let out his breath, thinking he understood where Liasare was coming from.
“Ludo, hit me with anything you find out of the ordinary.”  Looking at Liasare, Jurek decided, “I may regret this in the morning,” his voice trailed off as he put his arm around her.
She stopped him before he had a chance to shift them to energy. “Wait! I want to change my clothes first.”
He lifted his brows, wondering where this was headed.
“I don’t want them to get derailed by my lack of scars. That would be the first thing January would notice and that’s not what we’re going there for.”
“I understand.”
He flashed them to her quarters and waited while she quickly changed into a long sleeved shirt that hid her arms and covered her neck.  Pulling on a pair of boots, she was now ready and they popped off of Lare-Stell.
Chapter 18


The Planet Vesturon

Jurek and Liasare materialized in the main hall of the Yarrister residence when the two youngest children of Rykerian and January came flying around the corner screaming and laughing.  Not expecting anyone to be standing there, they both skidded to a halt. When they saw who it was, they screeched, “Aunt Sarah, Uncle Jurek,” and flew into Jurek and Sarah’s arms. The adults picked the two children up and tickled them, causing them both to erupt in a series of giggles.
“What in the world?”
Liasare spun around to see January standing there.  The grin fled from her face, as did the laughter emanating from her.
As far as sisters went, the two women looked like night and day.  January was petite with hair that was an unusual mix of silver and gold and eyes that were ice blue.  Liasare had a good six inches in height on her and the contrast in their hair and eyes made them look like complete opposites.
“Sarah, Jurek.  What are you two doing here?”
Before Jurek could answer, Liasare retorted, “We need to talk January. About something important.  Now.”
January glanced at Jurek and he shook his head.
“Is Rykerian here?” Liasare asked.
“Yes, he’s upstairs.”
“You may want to ask him to join us.”
Let’s go in the study then,” January suggested.  “Elysia, Marko, go outside with your brother, Therron.  He’s out in the back.  Tell him I said he’s to watch you two for a while.  Now go, sweeties.”
The two young children scurried off while the adults made their way to the study.  Moments later they were joined by January’s husband.
“I want to know everything you know about Tommy. And don’t try to lie to me. You’re withholding something and I want to know exactly what it is,” Liasare demanded.
“Sarah,” Rykerian began, “It’s complicated.”
Liasare looked at Jurek and rolled her eyes.  He could only shrug.  “I swear to all the gods that exist for everyone that has ever lived, if I hear ‘it’s complicated’ one more time, I’m going to go psycho. Do you think I’m a moron Rykerian?  I don’t give a flying fuck how complicated it is. I can follow. I want to know where my brother is goddammit!  Now tell me!”
Both Rykerian and January flinched at Liasare’s choice of words, for she had never spoken to them like that before.
January looked at Jurek again, but he only shook his head again.  He was adamant about staying out of this one.
“Sarah, you don’t understand,” January said.
“Okay, first of all, your sister, Sarah Liana St. Davis is dead.  She died when her brother disappeared and no one would bother to tell her what the fuck happened to him. In her place, Liasare Davidson was born.  Liasare is headstrong and won’t give up when her mind is made up about something.  Let me fill you in on a bit of information about her.  She is dead set on figuring out what happened to her brother.  You see, she saw him at a party one night and he acted like he had no idea who she was.  She forced him to stop and tried to talk to him and do you know what he did?  He put a bullet in her.  That’s right, her only brother put a fucking bullet in her.  Now, stop stalling and tell me what the hell happened to Tommy.  I’m not kidding January.  I’m not leaving here until you tell me the truth.”
Rykerian ran a hand through his hair and for most people that action alone would have stopped them dead in their tracks, but Liasare was immune to his looks. Tall and beautiful, Rykerian had bronze hair and cobalt blue eyes and his stature as both a Yarrister and a Guardian gave him his authoritative nature.
“Sarah, please listen.”
“No, you listen Rykerian and stop calling me Sarah.  I don’t use that name anymore.  Start calling me Liasare.  Again, I want to know everything.”
“We can’t tell you everything.”
“Can’t or won’t.”
“Can’t.”
“So do you know where Tommy is?” Liasare asked.
“Not exactly,” Rykerian hedged.
“Dammit Rykerian. Stop playing cat and mouse with me.”
“I’m not.  There is a lot at stake here.”
“Don’t I know!  My brother’s life is at stake.  If it wouldn’t have been for Jurek, I wouldn’t be standing here right now.  What aren’t you telling me?”
“January, you know where he is don’t you?” Jurek questioned softly.
All eyes swung to them.  January looked at Jurek and then at Rykerian and finally at Liasare.
“Rykerian.”
“January, stop.  You know how this works.  You can’t do this.”
“Rykerian, it’s Sarah and Jurek. They won’t betray him.”
“If it’s any comfort to the two of you, we already know some things about him.  We’ve been tracking him and we know he’s a Xanthian minion.  If you don’t tell us, we’ll get close enough to bring him in for questioning,” Jurek informed them.
“No! You can’t do that!  Promise you won’t do that!” January shouted.  “Rykerian, you must tell them.  If you don’t, I will!”
Liasare was shocked at January’s reaction.  Her eyes moved between Rykerian and her sister, trying to uncover what was being communicated between the two of them.  When it finally seemed like Rykerian was going to speak, the sound of a teleporter was heard and Xarrid, Rykerian’s younger brother, materialized into the room.
Now it was Liasare’s turn to be further shocked.  Jurek and Xarrid embraced, as if they were long lost friends.
Like most Vesturions, Xarrid was impossibly handsome. While the resemblance between him and Rykerian was strong, Xarrid’s actions were more in line with Jurek’s. He was less refined and was dressed in snug fitting pants that hugged his hips and a white shirt that was unbuttoned halfway down his chest, showing off a perfectly sculpted set of muscles. Eyes the color of Rykerian’s, with hair as black as Jurek’s, he would make any warm-blooded woman stop and take a second or third look.
“Don’t tell me you are in on this too,” Jurek said.
Xarrid turned and nodded in Liasare’s direction, “Hello Sarah.”
Before Liasare could comment, Jurek said, “Xarrid, don’t call her that if you want to keep your head.  She goes by Liasare now and she is not very happy at the moment.  Her brother’s been missing for months and no one is willing to fill her in.”
Xarrid looked at Liasare, assessing her and then commented, “So this is what the ruckus is all about.”
“Don’t you dare look at me all squinty eyed and judge me.  If your brother had been missing and no one would tell you anything, don’t you even hint that you wouldn’t go to the ends of the universe to find him.”
“Told you,” Jurek said.
“Can’t say that I blame her,” Xarrid responded.  He turned to Rykerian and said, “Look, we know we can trust Jurek. Jurek obviously trusts Sar ... er ... Liasare, so why don’t you put the poor girl out of her misery and tell her what’s going on?”
“I’m waiting,” Liasare said, tapping her foot.
Rykerian released a sigh and January gave him a nod. “Tommy volunteered for this. We had been trying to find out more about the disappearances. There were so many. Thousands of humans every day ... gone.”
“I hate to break this to you, but it’s not just humans. This is happening all over the universe to almost every species we know of,” Jurek dropped that item of news on them. They all turned to him and gaped.  “You mean it’s not happening on Vesturon?” he asked.
Xarrid answered, “Not that we’re aware of.  We didn’t know it was happening everywhere.  We hadn’t heard anything about that.  How is that possible?”
“Whoever is responsible is covering it up somehow.”
Liasare snapped her fingers. “Hey! Let’s get back to Tommy.”
Rykerian gave her a hard look but January squeezed his arm, encouraging him to continue. “Tommy was on Earth, monitoring the situation. Some of his friends had disappeared, so he came to us and told us his plan.  At first we said no, but the more he talked about it, the more it made sense.”
Liasare felt her stomach twisting into a giant bowl of knots as dread crept over her. “He volunteered to become a minion, didn’t he?” she quietly asked. Her chest suddenly felt like there was a thousand pounds of steel binding itself around her and she found it nearly impossible to breathe.
Jurek flashed to her side, sensing her distress, and pulled her to him, placing his hand on her head to relieve her discomfort.  “Breathe, Liasare,” he whispered. Feeling her breathing return to normal, he asked, “Better?”
She nodded.  All eyes in the room were on them, but Liasare just ignored them.
“Tell me.  Why did you let him do this?”
Rykerian moved to Liasare, reaching for her hand, which she moved away from. “He insisted. We begged him. We tried everything we knew to change his mind.  We even used you.  We told him we’d tell you.  That almost worked, but in the end, he said there were too many lives being lost and he felt useless.  He had to do something.”
Rykerian looked at January and she nodded.  There was more and Liasare knew the worst was yet to come.  “Oh no.  What is it?” she asked.
“The Xanthians are using their famous nanochips to create their minions.”
“What are you saying?” Liasare asked, her voice trembling.
“Sit down Liasare.” It was Jurek who spoke and he didn’t suggest it, he demanded it.  She obeyed him without hesitation.  Oddly enough, even though the Yarristers and January were her family, now she felt they had betrayed her and Jurek was more family to her than they were.
January knelt in front of her and told her how Tommy had instigated the whole thing. The Xanthians were implanting nanochips into the brains of the captives in order to create minions.  Once the chips were implanted, the person would do whatever they were ordered.  That’s why Tommy didn’t recognize Liasare when he saw her and it’s also why he shot her.  The nanochip had taken over his brain.  Tommy had uncovered this information and decided he would become an implant.  The information he could attain would be invaluable to the Guardians in stopping the Xanthians.
“But how are you going to retrieve this information?” Liasare wanted to know. “It would seem impossible once his brain is taken over.”
“I implanted a recording device inside his body that sends us a constant stream of information.”
“What if they kill him?”
“We argued with him over that too, but he said it was a chance he was willing to take.  I’ve been monitoring his brain activity and it’s similar to when a human is in a coma.  Honestly, Liasare, if he were to die, he wouldn’t know it,” January explained.  “It’s as if he is already dead.” Liasare trusted January’s knowledge here because she was a healer, or a Vesturion physician.
“Don’t ever say that again and I would know, dammit!  This is wrong on so many levels.  Why wouldn’t you tell me any of this?  How could you do this?”
“We didn’t do it.  He did.  We tried and tried to talk him out of it.  When he said he would do it with or without our blessing, we had no choice. No one, except Rykerian’s brothers know about this. The Guardians don’t know, Shandro doesn’t know, no one Liasare. Tommy wanted it that way.”
“I’m going to tell Shandro.  He helped me get to Earth and he’s been as troubled over all of this as I have.  Tommy’s his best friend and it’s not fair that he should suffer as I have.  Get him here right now,” Liasare insisted.  She rubbed her arms and hugged them around herself, trying to dispel the ache in her stomach.
January was still kneeling in front of her when Jurek came and took a seat next to her.  “Come here,” he said as he pulled her to him again.  Placing his hands on her head, she instantly felt relief.  “Better?”
“Yeah.  Thanks, I needed that.”
January kept eyeing them.  Jurek wasn’t one to avoid an issue so he looked at her and their eyes met.
“January, do you remember that day on Lare-Stell when neither of us could figure out why we had that strange connection?”
January nodded, thinking back to that day, almost nineteen years ago. They had been arguing but for some reason, even though she was being held as a hostage, a bargaining tool really, they both liked each other … felt connected in some way.  “Yeah ... seems like yesterday, doesn’t it?”
He nodded, agreeing with her. “It’s Liasare.  That’s the connection,” Jurek said.  “And before you ask me anything else, don’t bother because I don’t have any answers for you.  When I do, I’ll let you know.”
She stared at him with a puzzled look on her face.  His posturing, his stance toward Liasare, the way he hovered over her spoke volumes to January. She wondered how deeply involved they were with each other.
Very, he answered her in her mind.
Seconds later, the sounds of a teleporter were heard again and there stood Shandro.  Liasare flew into his arms and let him hold her.  He pressed her tightly to him, as Jurek sat and stared. His eyes narrowed and his mouth pressed into a thin line.  Liasare felt his current of power notch up and she lifted her head to look at him.  She immediately felt his anger; it created serious static charge in the air around her.  Every hair on her body stood at attention.
“Are you okay?” Shandro wanted to know.
“Yes, I’m fine.  I wanted you here so we could tell you what’s happened to Tommy.”
“Is he ...?”
“No! He’s alive, but you need to hear the whole story.”  She stepped away from him then and returned to Jurek’s side. Her emotions were out of control, see sawing every which way. Shandro stared at her, then at Jurek and raised his brows. Jurek stood and angled his body in front of Liasare, partially blocking Shandro’s view of her.
Jurek looked at Shandro and narrowed his eyes.  You’d better keep your bloody hands and eyes off her you little fucker.
Liasare watched Jurek’s reaction and knew this was not going to be good.  Oh great, just what I need now ... a testosterone showdown between Shandro and Jurek.  And I know who the winner will be.
Liasare grabbed Jurek’s arm and squeezed it, forcing him to look at her. “Not here, not now,” she whispered sternly.
“What do you mean?” he asked innocently.
“You know exactly what I mean and don’t be such an ass,” she hissed.
“Will someone tell me what’s going on?” Shandro asked.
“Why don’t you fill lover boy in,” Jurek hissed back to Liasare.
She cut him a withering look. “Stop it! This isn’t why we’re here! I need your support, not your annoying adolescent behavior.”  Turning away from Jurek, she said, “Shandro, I think it’s best that you hear it from January.  Her details are impeccable,” she said sarcastically.
“Before this turns into a battle of the wills,” Xarrid interrupted, “let’s all remain calm here and let January speak.”
When she finished telling the story, Shandro was livid, not only with her, but also with Tommy and himself, for not seeing what was happening.  
“So what are your next plans?” he asked Liasare.
Turning to Jurek, she asked, “What are we going to do?”
Jurek eyed Shandro before answering.  “We are going back to Earth to continue with our plans, but we will no longer be looking for Thomas.  We will try to shut down every warehouse the Xanthians have set up. My men will continue to intercept cargo vessels containing weapons and we will track all disappearances.”  Then he turned to Xarrid and asked, “What are the Guardians’ plans?”
“We want to uncover where they are taking all the abductees. They must have some sort of training base they are sending them to for further assimilation.  The warehouses aren’t the answer.”
Jurek rubbed his neck and said, “I agree.  Right before we came here, Lare-Stell had been probed by a Xanthian bot and Ludo was analyzing the data.  He came across some unusual things.  I’ll find out what they were when I get back.  There have been other disturbing things happening in the universe.  There is a disruption of the normal flow of things. The Praestani feel it when we travel.  We think it goes way beyond the Xanthians.”
“Explain,” Xarrid demanded.
Jurek raised his brow for he wasn’t used to being addressed in that manner. Xarrid snorted, “Sorry man, you know how it is when you’re used to giving the orders.”
“If it were anyone else, Xarrid.”
Xarrid laughed.
“To your, er demand, we think they are amassing an army of sorts.  And worse than that, we think it’s more than just the Xanthians.”
Everyone looked at Jurek in alarm.  “Jurek, can you please explain that to us?” It was Rykerian asking this time.
Jurek began to pace and dragged his hands through his hair.  “That’s the thing. That’s what’s so bloody irritating about all of this. We haven’t been able to figure it out. We know they’re taking people and building an army.  We also know there are creatures from the Dark reappearing.”
“Stop! Please repeat that last bit,” Xarrid requested, in a deadly calm tone.
“Listen, I know what you’re thinking, but hear me out.  Liasare can attest to this because I shared a memory with her. We’ve seen the creatures of the Dark.  I’ve personally taken out dozens.  I have a hunch that they’re back, and it’s one hunch I hope I’m wrong about.”
Rykerian pulled January into his arms.  They looked at each other, communicating their fears.  “Tell us about these creatures Jurek,” January asked.
Liasare sat down on the sofa and hugged her knees to her chest.  The thought of those creatures made her skin turn to ice, like a million frosty needles were piercing her everywhere.  She shivered when she remembered the vision of Jurek’s memory.  Shandro noticing her distress, made his way toward her when Jurek cut him off.
“Don’t you dare touch her, Guardian,” he said, his voice laced with steel.  “She’s off limits to you.”
Shandro stopped dead in his tracks, looking at Jurek and then at Liasare.  She couldn’t bring herself to look at Shandro. All eyes were on them again. Jurek was staking a claim, boldly, and in front of everyone she cared about.
Liasare looked at Jurek and he stared back at her, daring her to say something.  She wisely held her tongue, because she knew if she said anything, the silent battle between the three of them would erupt into something ugly and that was the last thing they needed.
January and Rykerian watched their mental exchange curiously.
“The Dark Creatures are something you don’t ever wish to encounter.  They are fast, faster than even you, and they feed on the flesh of living beings,” Jurek explained
“Great Deity! I have never heard of such!” Xarrid exclaimed.
“We thought they were a thing of the past and I had never seen them before.  Supposedly their numbers had been diminished to the point of near extinction.  I am beginning to think we were sorely mistaken. We’ve killed dozens already, and will continue to do so when we find them. They are only vulnerable to Praestani power or silver, when it has been forged with Praestani power. Your Vesturion Powers are useless against them.”
“Bloody hell!” Rykerian yelled.
“Exactly,” Jurek said.  “They are the epitome of hell.  Born and bred.”
Liasare was trembling with the vision she remembered as she said, “He’s right.  They’re disgusting and huge.  They have giant fangs and wings, so I assume they can fly.  And I’ve never seen anything move so fast. They tear the flesh right off the body as they eat it.  They’re so horrific, you can’t even imagine.”  Her body violently shook as she spoke.  “Jurek, I ...”
Before she could finish, he was next to her, passing on his energy again.  She was freezing and couldn’t seem to get warm. Iciness invaded every cell as she shivered.
“January, do you have a blanket?  She has an unusually strong reaction to these creatures when she remembers the vision.”
Minutes later, January returned with a blanket and he wrapped it around Liasare.
“What do you propose we do about them?” Rykerian asked.
“Monitor everywhere your Guardians patrol for sightings.  We need to uncover where they are coming from.  At first I thought Earth was the only place, but now I’m not so sure.  What have you learned from Tommy?”
Xarrid was the first to offer information. “You’re right about how the Xanthians want to build an army.  Our understanding is that they are working on it, but we were under the impression they weren’t even close. From what you’re saying, it’s possible they’ve accomplished more than what even Tommy has learned.”
“What else have you learned from Tommy?” Liasare asked.
“Not as much as we’ve liked.  We know where he hangs out mostly.  What he does on a daily basis and what the immediate future is for the minions he’s with, but nothing more.  It’s been a big disappointment,” Xarrid admitted.
“Can we get him out?” Liasare questioned.
The Yarristers looked at each other and uncomfortable looks passed between them.
Jumping to her feet, Liasare yelled, “Oh my God! Don’t tell me you didn’t plan to get him out. You didn’t, did you?”
Liasare was met with dead silence.
“Somebody better say something fast here!”
“We thought we could pull him out but he doesn’t respond to any of our stimuli,” January admitted.
“Of course not because he’s basically brain dead! What were you thinking, dammit?”  Liasare kicked the edge of the couch and stormed out of the room.
Shandro started to follow her when Jurek cut him off saying, “Take one more step toward her and you’re one dead Guardian.”
“And I suppose you’re the one who’ll kill me? Because right now, I doubt you could if you wanted to.”
Jurek narrowed his eyes and snarled, “Care to test that theory, Guardian?”
“Jurek, stop it.” It was Xarrid who spoke.  “Shandro and Liasare have been friends for years.  He’s only trying to protect her.”
“She needs no protection when I am around,” Jurek snarled.
“Whoa buddy, calm down there,” Xarrid said.
“Tell your Guardian he is to keep his grubby paws to himself and he is never to lay a hand upon her again.  Is that clear?  And Xarrid, explain to him the ramifications if he doesn’t follow my orders.”
“Shandro, you heard Jurek.  And for the record, you can’t begin to compete with his power so don’t even try.”
Jurek stormed outside, in search of Liasare.  He found her in front of the house, walking in a circle, flexing her fingers.  Her eyes were all but shooting sparks and her mouth tightened as she sputtered, “I have to get out of here.  I can’t take any more of this idiocy.  Ugh! This is insane.  What kind of people make these plans and don’t have a follow up or back-up strategy to get him out? He’s stuck in there, brain dead, and no use to anyone for fuck’s sake.  And now isn’t the time to tell me to watch my language.”  She turned to the side of the house and slammed her fist into it. The second she did it, she heard the crunching of her bone and she screamed, dropping to her knees.
Without saying a word, Jurek gently picked her up, and walked back in the house and informed everyone they were going back to Lare-Stell.
Chapter 19


Lare-Stell Base

Liasare walked into the training facility and all the men were already there.  She fisted her hand, testing to see if there was any residual pain remaining.  All was good.  Jurek was right about one thing. She needed to learn control.  She’d been so angry yesterday with all the Vesturions.  Tommy’s life had pretty much been sacrificed, in her opinion.  Even if they got him back, there was the matter of getting that nanochip out of his brain before the Xanthians descended on them.  That was if they could get it out without killing him first.
Jurek had shared the story of Xarrid and his mate Saylan.  She had been a Xanthian captive and had a chip planted in her brain.  Liasare didn’t even want to think about the outcome of what Jurek had told her regarding that.  It made Liasare’s skin crawl.
“Ready to play, Brownie?”
Liasare stuck out her tongue at Tak and both he and Jurek roared with laughter.
“Uh, guys, it wasn’t that funny.”
Jurek tossed Liasare her protective gear saying, “That’s not what we were laughing at.  You looked just like January when you did that. She used to stick her tongue out at us all the time.”
“How nice. Do me a favor and keep her name out of the conversation for a while, okay?” she said sourly.
“Right then. Let’s go Brownie.”
They trained all day and Tak busted her ass more than once.  He had her doing things she never thought she was capable of achieving.  When the day was done, Jurek stood to the side and motioned her over.
“These are for you.  You are never ever to go anywhere without them.  Do I make myself clear?”
Liasare nodded, reaching for the cache of weapons Jurek had laid out beside him.  She picked up the first one, which was the largest of them all.
“That one is your colichemarde ... well it’s a slight variation of one anyway. The blade is diamond shaped and you’ll notice it tapers as you move further down, which makes it an excellent attack weapon.  Remember, the interior of the blade is steel but its exterior is thickly layered in silver and it’s forged using Praestani power so you don’t want to injure yourself with it.  You’ll wear this one strapped to your back.  The next one is a dagger you’ll wear on your side.  There is another shorter one here you’ll wear inside your boots.  And yes, Liasare, I’ve had boots made for you.  They’ll protect your legs.  You’ll also wear leather pants for the same reason and don’t look at me like that.  We go out to fight, not to a fashion show.  Leather protects you from getting abrasions and lacerations, so you can keep fighting and I won’t have to stop to heal you every five minutes. And these,” he handed her several throwing stars, “you’re already familiar with, except now, your arm will be stronger and your aim will be more accurate. You’ll have a pocket on each pant leg, in which to store them, and the rest you’ll keep in your jacket, which stays on you at all times.  Any questions?”
Liasare picked up each of her weapons, testing the weight.  She held the sword, moving it around, measuring the response of it.  She lunged, thrust and parried.  She spun and then saluted Jurek with it.
His lips curved as he said, “I take it you approve?”
“Oh abso-fucking-lutely!  This is amazing, Jurek! Thank you!” she said as she gave him a quick hug.
She continued to dance around moving with the sword, stabbing the air, fighting imaginary enemies and laughing the entire time.
Jurek leaned against the table and eyed her, a satisfied smile on his face.
“Hey Prancer, would you care to see your clothes?”
“Huh?”
“Your leathers ... are you interested in seeing them?”
He tossed her a pair of pants and she snagged them out of the air.
Black and tight ... hmm.
“Care to try them on?”
“Not now.  I want to shower first.”
He gathered her gear, including weapons and clothing and they popped into her room.  “We’re meeting in the dining room again in one hour for dinner. Liasare, remember our culture and the way in which we eat, okay?”
Before she could answer, he was gone. She hurried to the shower and finished her routine. Checking her hair, she decided she was in need of a trip to Jaylen’s.  Her roots were in bad shape since her hair had grown in the two and a half months since she’d had it cut.
Deciding to brave it, she quickly pulled on her new leather pants and top.  She glanced at herself in the mirror and gasped. She looked like an assassin ... or maybe a hooker in leather. She couldn’t decide which. The pants were so tight her ass looked like it was wedged in a black rubber inner tube getting ready to explode.  She bent down to test them, just to see if they’d stay intact.  It was at that very moment that Jurek flashed in.
“What in all the gods’ name are you doing?” he asked. She was bent in half, her knees almost in a full on squat and her head was as close to being up her ass as it could possibly be.
Holy shit on a stick!  Why does this stuff always happen to me?
“Um ... looking for love in all the wrong places?”
Jurek let loose a roar of laughter, the likes of which she’d never heard from him before.
The whole scene was too funny not to laugh at so she joined in and they both were now howling.
Finally, Jurek asked, “Seriously Davidson, what the hell were you doing?”
Still chuckling, she told him, “These damn things are so tight I was testing whether they’d fly off of me if I were in a compromising position. I wanted to make sure I could trust the motherfuckers.”
“Yeah, well, do us all a favor and don’t pose like that in public, okay?”
“No worries on that one.  But damn these are tight.”
“Davidson, they’re leather, they’ll stretch.  Give them a little time.”  He looked at her again and his eyes darkened. “I think you’d better change or we’ll be late for dinner,” he said, his voice husky.

***

Dinner passed without any issues.  The food and wine were tasty, even if Liasare did drink a bit too much.  They were headed back to Earth in the morning. Then they’d be on the hunt for anything and everything they could get their hands on regarding this new army of minions.  They had to find out where they were keeping these beings because these abductions had to stop.
Jurek walked Liasare back to her room and when they got there she told him she was frightened.  “What if we don’t find what we’re looking for? What do we do then?”
“We broaden our search beyond Earth.”
“But isn’t that like looking for the proverbial needle in the haystack?”
“It’s better than doing nothing at all. Something will show up.  Ludo thinks the Xanthians are searching for a place to house a colony and that’s why so many bots have been sent out this far in space.  He thinks that’s why we keep getting scanned and why they’re using a different type of bot now.”
Liasare kept staring at his mouth as he spoke.  The wine had gone to her head and the only thing she seemed to be able to focus on were his lips.
“Why does your mouth have to be so damn sexy?” she asked. Without another thought, she leaned into him and kissed him with everything she had.
He always tastes so damn good ... and smells so yummy.  I wish ...
She still wasn’t sure if she was doing it right or if he liked it this way, but what the hell. She didn’t care because all she wanted was to feel his lips and tongue beneath hers.  And God help her, he was kissing her back, completely undoing her.
Wrapping her hands in his hair, she moaned in his mouth.  “You feel so right Jurek.  Don’t stop kissing me ... ever.”
He didn’t ... for a few more moments, but then he broke it off, moving his lips to her cheeks and finally her forehead.
“We have a busy day tomorrow so I must say good night.”  And just like that he was gone, once again leaving her in a frustrated mess.
Chapter 20


Their new headquarters were similar to the old ones but this was an old dilapidated looking building.  Looks can be deceiving and they were in this instance, because the interior of the building was incredible.  It was outfitted with the latest and the greatest of everything.  The other big change was that Jurek made sure Liasare had her own quarters.  While they weren’t as elegant as his, she had her own fancy bed, along with a nicely decorated room, plush carpeting and her own bathroom.  She felt spoiled since she’d never lived in anything so extravagant before.  Even her own bedroom on Vesturon had never been this fancy.
Their first night out was a disaster.  They went to the club Cosmos.  Everything was great until Liasare was accosted by a group of Xanthians. They’d recognized her from the night she’d rescued the girl ... only it hadn’t been a rescue after all. The girl had been a decoy, for she was actually a Xanthian sex slave.  They had used her to entrap Liasare.  The girl was back at Cosmos and had pointed her to them.
Liasare suddenly found herself swarmed by Xanthians. With her adrenaline surging, she desperately tried to reach her teleporter, as their plan dictated. Going on a massive killing spree in the club would only bring unwanted attention, so she had the idea of letting them escort her outside where she thought she would be able to escape. That was a huge mistake because as soon as they left the building, they teleported to a Xanthian warehouse.
Now in a full-blown panic, she fought and struggled as they put her in restraints and began interrogating her.
“Who are you?”
She refused to answer them.
When they kept asking and didn’t get a response, they started beating her.  They didn't play nicey-nice either.  They beat her from every angle, punching and kicking her, and she fought back, though to them she was nothing more than a rag doll. Then they started hammering away on her face.  She would have screamed when they broke her jaw, but she’d already lost her voice. Her throat had become raw and felt like it was in flames from all the wailing she already done. When her nose and mouth spurted blood, she was sure everything on her face was busted up too.  The worst was when they broke her arm.  One of them took his meaty paws and just snapped it in his hands, like a skinny pencil. She had clenched her fists so tightly that her nails had gouged out pieces of flesh from her palms, which was pretty bad because she didn’t have any nails to speak of.  She was nothing but a broken and bloody mess by the time Jurek and his men got to her.
She had been recuperating for several days when Jurek finally came to see her.  His eyes were dark and hard as flint.
“Why didn’t you follow the plan? It was there for a reason ... to prevent this,” he swept his arm across her, “from happening.”
“I tried, but ...” her voice was still hoarse from her ordeal.
He cut her off, “I want a team member that can follow directions.  Can you do that?”
“Yes, I ...”
He cut her off again.  “You didn’t show up at the meeting site and then we had to switch gears to hunt you down,” he snapped. A vein pulsed in his temple and Liasare could feel his power notching up. “Do you have any idea how ...” he stopped, turned away from her and rubbed the back of his neck.  When he continued, his voice was edged with roughness, “You have to follow orders.”
“I know. I’m sorry, but I ...”
Still facing away from her, he interrupted her again. “This won’t happen again. Why didn’t you teleport?”
“My teleporter was in my pocket and I couldn’t reach it.  I tried, dammit! I didn’t want them to beat me.  You act like I wanted this.  They hurt me goddammit!” Her eyes stung and she forced back tears she refused to let him see.
Jurek was at her side in a flash.  He clenched his fists and stared at her.  His eyes told her a million things his mouth didn’t and he stood there as he drank in the sight of her.  He wanted to pull her into his arms and feel her skin against his. He wanted to slide his fingers through her hair and wrap the satiny strands around his hands binding her to him. Instead, he whispered, “Never! Never would I want this Liasare.  Never would I want to see you injured like this. I would rather it had been me.”
Then he boomed, “Marik, in here, NOW!”
Marik popped in.  “Yes, my lord.”
“I don’t care what you do or how you do it but I want you to come up with some kind of contraption where her teleporter is strapped to her wrist.  I don’t care if you have to use duct tape.  Make it happen.  The next time she goes out, that teleporter is on her wrist within a finger’s reach, you got it?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“And you,” he said, turning to Liasare, “are not to go anywhere without me by your side, until I am comfortable that you are capable of fighting alone.  Understand?”
“Yes, master.”
“This isn’t a damn joke,” he growled and flashed out of the room.

***

“I need to have my hair done and I know you don’t want me out and about alone.  So how do you want to do this?”
“They know who you are. The hair doesn’t help anymore, unless you want to go blonde.  Do you?”
“No.  I don’t.”
“Then grow it out.”
“I don’t want to have half of my head brown and the other half black and red.  It looks terrible.”
He sighed.  “I’ll take you.”
Jurek left her at Jaylen’s and they decided to make her a brunette again so she wouldn’t have to keep up with the coloring.
Putting the last bit of color on her hair, Jaylen mentioned, “Jurek sure is a grump today.”
“He’s always a grump.”
“Interesting.  I think it’s you.”
“What do you mean?”
“I think he’s playing Mister Protector.”
“I know that.  Here’s the strange thing.  I probably shouldn’t even be talking about this but it’s driving me nuts.  I ... we ... well, I want to have sex with him.”
“And?”
“He won’t do it!”
“Oh please, Liasare. You expect me to believe that?  I know that man and he’s not one to go without.  He’s been around here plenty of times so I know what kind of sexual appetite that man has.”  When she noticed Liasare’s widened eyes, she said regrettably, “I probably shouldn’t have said that.  Me and my big mouth.”
Liasare ran her hand across her face and replied, “No, it’s okay. I figured that out. But I swear what I’m telling you is the truth. The man hasn’t touched me. Well, not in that way. He gives me really lame excuses but nothing understandable or concrete.  I’m about to combust too.”
Jaylen chuckled.  “I can only imagine.  Gee, I’m really amazed at that.  It doesn’t sound like the Jurek I know.”
“Maybe it’s me.”
“Oh, it’s you all right. He looks at you like he’s going to devour you right here and now.  And I know what I’m talking about. I make my living dealing with men, honey. The way he looks at you ... it’s very proprietary.  I pity any man who tries to even so much as talk to you. Jurek will take them out.  I swear Liasare.  I know the man.”
“Hmm.  I wonder what his deal is then.  Ugh, now I’m running my mouth and I need to shut up. Thanks for listening though.”

***

That evening, they were assembled in the meeting area getting ready to hit the streets.  Jurek and Liasare were going to Raunch.  She wasn’t pleased about that, because it was her least favorite club in Center City. At least Jurek would be with her.  They would go out around ten and then after one, they would start hitting the streets, taking out Xanthians and looking for information, hopefully leading to clues to the whereabouts of some of the missing people.
Liasare had just finished dinner when Marik came to her with a teleporter.  “I had this designed to strap onto your wrist.”
He showed her how to wear it so it would be on the top of her left hand so it wouldn’t interfere with her fighting.  She’d only have to tap it with one finger, as it was preprogrammed to take her to the meeting place where someone would join her to bring her back here.
“Thank you Marik.  This will be great.”
At ten, Jurek joined her and they left for Raunch.
“I hate this place,” she said as he flashed them to the alley behind the club.
“Not your kind of place is it?”
“Ugh, no.  Those stinking ...”
“Don’t say it.  I don’t want to hear your tirade.  It’s enough we have to smell them, but listening to you only makes it worse.”
“You really think so?”
He grabbed her arm and turned her to him.  He adjusted her collar and straightened her jacket.  “Yes, I do or I wouldn’t have said it.  I hate them as much as you, but complaining about it doesn’t help.  Doing something about it is what helps.  Now come on and let’s give it a go.”
Raunch was filled with people.  All sorts of people from the lowest of the low to the upper echelon of society.  Liasare marveled at how such a blend of people could be squished in a club, all sweaty and half drunk from liquor.  That was most likely the ticket, she thought.  They had to be liquored up to endure this.
She tensed as she saw how many Xanthians were in the joint.
“Relax.  You’re safe with me.  Remember that.  Try to look like you haven’t a care in the world while I trance some of the women to see if they know anything.  Stay close to my side.”
That was easier said than done.  The place was so packed, she felt herself being constantly swept up by the crowd.  It was a constant effort to stay within Jurek’s reach.  What was even worse was when they were surrounded by women.  Not just a couple of them, but a dozen.  They crawled out of the woodwork like mice, and came from all corners of the room.
What the hell is this? If he thinks I’m just going to stand here while he lets these women drape themselves around him, he has another thing coming.
She started to walk away from him and his hoard of chicks when she felt his fingers clamp around her wrist, sending a tingling current of heat straight up her arm and directly to that place between her legs.
I’m going to kill him. How the hell can he do this to me, and every damn time too? One touch and I turn into one of those women who are panting after him. I probably have drool running down my chin right now.
Liasare had been so focused on her inner turmoil, she hadn’t been paying attention to Jurek and his harem. Her anger had taken her mind off her task at hand and she hadn’t noticed the group of Xanthians that were about fifteen feet away from her, staring.
Suddenly, she felt his arm reach around her and pull her into him and he abruptly began kissing her.
Don’t stiffen up. Melt into me and act like you’re enjoying this. A whole group of Xanthians is watching us and I want to keep your face hidden.
Her arms went around his waist and she tucked her hands into the back pockets of his pants, grabbing his ass as she did.
I hope you’re enjoying yourself, you naughty girl.
She rubbed herself against him, grinding her hips into him.  She felt his response and heard him groan.
Liasare, you’re playing with fire.  Now stop that!
Enjoying herself too much, and paying him back for her earlier discomfort, she moved one of her hands from his pocket and slipped it down the back of his pants.  Much to her satisfaction, she found he was commando, giving her free access to his glorious ass.
That’s it, and don’t say I didn’t warn you.
He hoisted her up, still kissing her and backed her into the closest wall, where he rammed himself against her.  Placing his knee between her legs, he slid his hand up her shirt where he found exactly what he was looking for.  As he began to roll her hardened nipple between his fingers, she moaned into his mouth.
Do you want more, little girl?  Here in this bar?
He took his hand and cupped the apex of her thighs and began rubbing her there in sync with his hand.
Do you want me to make you climax in front of all these people?
That snapped her mind back to the present and she opened her eyes to see the corners of his mouth turned up.  “I thought that might bring some sanity back to you.”
When she tried to move, he wouldn’t release her.  “Not so fast, tease.  Do you think you can rev me all up, put your hand down my pants and then hop off this train?” he whispered in his throaty, sexy voice.  She was nearly melting in his arms, her breath coming in short puffs as she listened to him breathe the words in her ear.
“Now that I have your attention, let’s get one thing straight.  Don’t you ever pull this kind of shit on me again little girl,” he growled in her ear.  “We’re here to do a job and you start getting all sexed up on me, throwing yourself at me like some tramp.  Who the fuck do you think you’re playing with here? And don’t answer that. I kissed you for a damn good reason. Those Xanthians were checking you out like a dog looks at a hunk of meat. I was trying to hide you from them and what do you do?  You make a fucking spectacle out of yourself.  Christ, Liasare, what do you want?  Do you want them to take you captive? Is that your goal, because you’re doing a damn good job of heading in that direction?”
His eyes were nearly glowing, the silver in them was so bright.
“I ... I’m sorry.  I don’t know why I did that. No, that’s not entirely true.  I do know why I did it.  I did it because I wanted to.  I was pissed off at you.”
“Why?”
“Because every time I looked at you, all those women were ...”
He stopped her before she could finish her. “I told you what I was going to do. I tranced them into giving me information. You knew what was going to happen here.”
“I didn’t think they’d come out by the dozens!”
“There weren’t dozens, dammit!”
“Yes, there were. Okay, maybe not dozens, but they had their hands all over you and I was just standing there looking like a loser.”
“I was trying to get information out of them,” he insisted. Then he looked at her and said, his lips curving slightly, “You’re jealous.”
“I am not. I just didn’t want to be around all those skanky women.  They had their hands all over you. Besides, I wanted to ... to touch you Jurek.”
“Well, la-tee-fucking-da. Pick another place to do it Liasare, not while we’re working and we have a troop of bloody Xanthians breathing down our necks. Godammit I have a mind to send you back to Vesturon.  You test my patience, love! We need to make a hasty exit.  Every fucking eye in this place is glued to your ass right now and jonesing for a piece of it.”
He grabbed her hand and dragged her from the club.  He didn’t stop until they were several blocks away and the street was all but deserted.
“Go ahead,” she said.
“Go ahead and what?”
“Yell at me some more about how I fucked it all up.”
“You certainly did a spectacular job of it.”
“I know.  It seems that’s my specialty.  Look, maybe I should work on my own.  I can’t do anything right where you’re concerned.  I ruin everything and make a total mess of things.  You’d be better off without me around.”
“You’re right Liasare, I would.”
She didn’t expect him to say that and when he did, it felt like he drove a knife straight through her heart.  Stumbling back a step, she pressed her hand to her throat, for it had become much too hard to breathe. She never imagined his words could hurt her so badly. She spun away from him and began walking, then running down the street.
She should have expected as much, but she didn’t get very far before he was in front of her, grabbing her and flashing them to his room in the new headquarters.
“You can’t run from me Liasare and you didn’t let me finish. You were right.  My life would be easier, but you play a role in it somehow.  I’m not quite sure how, but I know you do.  I can’t, nor will I let you leave.  I can keep you here against your will or you can stay willingly, whichever you choose.  I’d like for it to be the latter, but I’m willing to do it either way.  I’ll figure the why out eventually and we’ll go from there, but you’re not going anywhere. Now dry your damn tears because we have a job to do.”
“You expect me to work? After this?”
He gave her a long hard look.  “I expect a lot more than mere work from you.  You’ve been trained to kill and that’s what I expect.  You had the opportunity to go home, many times I might add. That’s not an option now.  You’re armed and dangerous and a killer.  Do what you’ve learned. Take back what they’ve stolen from your brother, or have you already forgotten that?”
She narrowed her eyes and pressed her lips together, nodding.  “Let’s go.”
Her head spun from all the clubs they hit, until it was finally two in the morning. They began searching the alleys and came upon several groups of Xanthians trying to abduct women. Liasare cut them all down, while Jurek stood by and observed.  He was impressed with how she fearlessly fought them, quickly taking them down one by one.  He didn’t tell her that; instead, he pointed out her errors and how one slip could have ended her life. He reminded her of things she had forgotten, especially focusing on eye movements and how she let down her guard a few times, which could have been very costly for her.  Her speed and agility with her sword is what saved her in the end.
The last group they came upon made Liasare the angriest. The five Xanthians were lewd and gang raping two women. Liasare heard their whimpers and when she saw what was happening, her blood ran cold.  Two Xanthians held each of the women, locking their arms behind them, while the men took turns raping them.  They had torn off their clothing and Liasare could tell by their swollen and bloodied faces, as well as the bruises forming on their bodies, that they must have beaten the women before they began raping them.
Taking them by surprise, Liasare descended on them like one of the Furies. Instead of causing madness, vengeance was her goal.  Sword slicing through muscle and bone, she dropped every one of her enemies, until they lay slain at her feet.
Dripping in their blood, her body was sagging from exhaustion by the time the sun began its ascent.  Jurek flashed them back to headquarters and stripped her clothing off.  Running the shower until it was steaming hot, he helped her inside.  She scrubbed herself clean and was half asleep by the time she was finished.  Jurek carried her to her bed and tucked her in.
Chapter 21


Liasare entered the kitchen, where she started rooting around for something to eat for breakfast.  She wished she had a transmuter in her room.  She was beginning to miss Lare-Stell more and more every day.
“Good morning Brownie.  I heard you gave a pretty good show last night at Raunch,” Tak taunted her.
Liasare rubbed her face.  “Is nothing sacred anywhere here?”
“No, not sacred anywhere close to here, and I’m surprised you haven’t figured that one out yet,” he chuckled.  “What are you doing, by the way?”
“I’m starving.  I miss the transmuters.  I’m trying to find something to eat,” she grumbled.
“Why are you looking in there?  That’s where we store lab specimens.”
“Ew! That’s so gross. Why didn’t anyone tell me?”
“Because we don’t tear through the kitchen like you do, prowling around for food.  You’re like an animal that doesn’t think it will eat again for several weeks.”
Liasare’s jaw hit the floor.  “I am not. I can’t help it I get so hungry.  Don’t you ever get hungry?”
“Apparently not like you.  I’ve never seen anyone with quite the appetite as you have.”
“Thanks, Tak. That’s what every girl wants to hear ... that she eats like a sow.  Speaking of food, why isn’t there anything to eat around here?”
“There is. You just have to know where to look.”  He pointed her in the right direction where there was a plethora of things to choose from.  Liasare felt like a kid in a candy shop.  She started to grab things, her actions becoming frenetic.
“Whoa there, Nellie.  No one’s going to steal it from you.” Tak angled his head in that odd way of his and scrutinized her.
“Like I said, I’m starving.  Now quit bugging me.”  She began stuffing items of food into her mouth, like she couldn’t get enough, fast enough.  After polishing off several bagels smothered with gobs of peanut butter, two bananas and two containers of yogurt, she leaned back with a sated smile on her face.
Tak gave her a puzzled look and shook his head.  “Are you having, what’s it called?  Oh yes, your period?”
“What?  No! Not that it’s any of your business.  And stop staring at me like that, dammit!”
“I can’t. With everything you just stuffed your face with, you should weigh five hundred pounds!”
“Well, you obviously don’t know what you’re talking about. I must have a super high metabolism.  I’m telling you I was starving.  Can’t we just leave at that?  Why do you have to analyze my appetite?”
“Because it’s not normal, Brownie. You should eat maybe a bagel and a banana, tops.  You just ate enough for four!  Are you pregnant?”
“Okay, that does it!  You know what? You’re an asshole Tak so why don’t you go screw yourself!”
She stomped out of the room.
Of all the things. Pregnant! Huh!  Hell, I can barely get Jurek to first base, let alone that! Fuck!
Liasare headed back to her room to shower, now in a rotten mood from her little chat with Tak.  Damn those men.  They always seemed to put her in a bad mood.  She wished she had a girl to hang out with on a regular basis, someone she could share her troubles with.
She turned the shower on, hopped in and lathered up when she realized she’d forgotten to grab her shampoo.  This day was not exactly starting out great.  Cracking the door open she reached out her arm to try to grab the shampoo when the bottle suddenly flew from the sink into the shower, crashing into the wall and hitting her on the shoulder.
“What the hell was that?” she yelled.
Did that shampoo bottle just fly over here, or am I now starting to hallucinate?
Bending down, she picked up the bottle and rubbed her shoulder.  There was a red mark where the bottle had smacked into her.  Well, at least she hadn’t imagined it.  Now what the heck was going on?  She finished showering and dried off, while she tried to figure out what happened.
Her best course of action, she decided, was to forget it ever happened.  It was probably just a fluke, a one time occurrence.  She quickly dressed and went to hunt down Jurek.
He was in the main area, chatting with Tak, and she almost decided to avoid both of them.  She wasn’t up for any more of Tak’s comments about her huge appetite, but before she could retrace her steps, Jurek called her name.
“Davidson, how much food are you consuming each day?”
Crapitty crap! Can’t that pain in the ass called Tak keep his big mouth shut for one minute?
“I don’t know. I don’t keep a running log of what I eat.”
“Then I suggest you start.”
“Why?”
“Because I said so.”
Liasare decided to bite her tongue on that one.
“Can you take me to Jaylen’s?”
“I thought you just had your hair done?”
“I did,” she answered, crossing her arms, preparing for battle.
“Then why do you need to go there?”
“Because I want to.”
Jurek cocked his head as he stared at her.  Whenever he did that, she could almost feel his mind waves searching her innermost sacred thoughts.  She stiffened her spine and he raised his brow.
“What are you hiding?”
“Huh?” she asked in confusion.
“Why Jaylen’s? Answer me now!”
Before she knew it, she was plastered against the wall, his body pressing into hers.  Her breath was cut off as he cupped his hand against her throat.
“No lies. Liasare.  I mean it,” he growled.
“I ... I...” she stuttered. She was pissed.  As her anger built, the urge to push him away overwhelmed her, but his strength prevented her from moving.  She wanted nothing more than to punch his lights out, but his hold prevented her from doing so. When he released her, she let her anger fly.
“You flaming asshole.”  Then she punched him wherever she could land one, his face, his neck, his belly, his chest.  She kept at it until she lost the ability to swing anymore.
Her chest heaved from exertion and she dripped sweat.
“Are you quite through?”
“No! For your fucking information, not that you deserve an explanation after what you just did to me, I wanted to go to Jaylen’s because I like her.  I think she’s cool and she’s a friend.  I’ve never had any female friends before I met her or Naroo and after a morning of being told I eat like an animal, I wanted to go somewhere where I would feel comfortable, where I wouldn’t be judged, or where I wouldn’t be questioned, or attacked.”
She whirled away and stomped back to her room, slamming the door.
Damn stupid men! Nothing but trouble and a major pain in my ass!
Turning around, she didn’t know what to do with herself.  She was so angry, she really didn’t want to stay in her room, but she didn’t want to go out there with them.  Pacing, she thought about reading a book, when she looked up and saw her reading device flying toward her.
“What the hell?”
Good thing she had quick reflexes or the thing would have hit her in the head.
Okay, maybe this stuff wasn’t a coincidence.  Well, it had only happened twice.  Nothing to be totally alarmed about, right?
“Liasare let me in.”  Jurek was knocking on her door.
“No!”
“Either let me in or I’m coming in anyway.”
“Whatever.”
Jurek flashed in and stood before her. “I apologize for that little incident out there.  I overreacted.”
“Is that what you call it?  Because in my book, it’s called psycho.  You ask me a question, and then you give me an opportunity to answer, and maybe after I answer you get angry.  That’s overreacting.  Asking me a question, not giving me a chance to respond, then putting me in a fucking body lock and making it impossible to respond—that’s psycho.”
“You’re right and I apologize. I wasn’t expecting you to request to go to Jaylen’s.  It caught me off guard.”
“Oh, so every time I catch you off guard, I can expect that kind of reaction from you? Thanks for the warning, Rambo on psycho-steroids.  What the fuck Jurek?  What do you want from me?  Tell me.  Or better yet, write down a list that I can follow so I know when to expect my neck to get broken, okay?”
He was in front of her before she finished the sentence, surprising her once again.  Her breath caught in her throat, and her mouth turned to sawdust, making it impossible to swallow.
He grabbed her chin and gruffly said, “Liasare, your neck was never in danger.  Your neck will never be in danger around me.  Other things perhaps, but not your neck. I will always keep you safe.  Remember that.”  And he was gone.

***

Marik escorted Liasare to Jaylen’s where she’d spent the afternoon.  She had a relaxing time and enjoyed visiting her friend.
“Why won’t Jurek let you come here on your own?”
“Because I’m a walking disaster.  Trouble follows me around Jaylen.  I’m a magnet for it.”
“Well, if you ask me, you’re a magnet for Jurek and he doesn’t want you out of his sight. Any luck in that area, by the way?”
“Hardly.  I’m not expecting any either.  Besides, I disagree with you.  I think he has plans for me, but I’m not sure what they are.”
“I’m not following you.”
“You know, I don’t know if I’m following me either. That man confuses the hell out of me.  He’s so mysterious.”
“I know, right? But that’s why he’s so sexy.  Don’t you think?”
“Oh he’s sexy all right.  Too sexy, if you ask me.”
“Why don’t you just seduce him?  Quit waiting for him to make the move?”
“It won’t happen,” Liasare said.  “Can we change the subject?  This is depressing me.  Rejection isn’t fun, you know.”
“Sure honey. Did you ever find anything else out about your brother?” Jaylen asked.  She was straightening up the parlor, with Liasare’s help.
“Other than he’s a minion, no.  I wish I could get him out of there.  I haven’t seen him since the night he shot me.”
“Yeah, you were lucky that bullet just grazed you.  You could’ve been killed!”  Jaylen didn’t know about Jurek ... what he was or his healing powers, so they had told her the bullet didn’t do much damage.
“I know. The most damage I sustained was the knowledge that my own brother didn’t even know me. You haven’t heard anything else have you?”
“No.  When the FX come in here, they don’t ever talk about anything but sex.  Sometimes, the girls will get them drunk out of their minds and they might slip, but that doesn’t happen very often.”
“Jaylen, what’s an FX?”
“Oh, sorry hon. That’s my lingo for the fucking Xanthians.”
They both laughed.  “I’ll remember that,” Liasare decided.
“You know, I did hear something though.  There’s talk about this place called Club Down.  I’ve never heard of it before but some of the FX’s were running their mouths, laughing about it.  I think it’s one of those edgy places where anything goes.  They were commenting about it being the place where they were getting their supplies from.”
“Hmmm. Interesting.  I’ll have to share that with Jurek.  If you hear anything else like that, would you mind sharing it with me?”
“Sure thing.”

***

Jurek was in the kitchen when Liasare returned from Jaylen’s.  “Have you ever heard of a place Club Down?”
He looked pensive for a moment and answered, “No. Why?”
“Jaylen mentioned we may need to check it out because the Xanthians said they were getting their ‘supplies’ there, whatever that means.”
“Well, isn’t that interesting?”
“My exact thoughts.”
“Marik!” Jurek shouted suddenly, making Liasare jump.  He looked at her and shook his head.
Seconds later, Marik showed up.
“Marik, I need all the information you can get on Club Down. ASAP.” Turning to Liasare, he asked, “So how was your afternoon?”
“Very good, thanks.  And yours?”
“Fine.  I was going to recommend a night off for everyone tonight.”
She nodded.  “Probably a good idea.  If this club pans out, maybe we can hit it tomorrow.”
Jurek stared at her for what seemed like a very long time.  “Have dinner with me tonight.  In my quarters, please.”
What the hell? In his quarters? Like a date?
“Yes, Liasare, like a date.”
“O-Okay,” she stammered.
“Come at seven.” He turned around and walked away, leaving her there staring after him.

***

Marik found that Club Down was a sex club where anything went.  You could get anything and everything, anyone’s choice.  Jurek didn’t like the idea of Liasare going there. The last thing he wanted was to have Liasare exposed to that kind of club.
“What do you mean I can’t go? I’m the one that found out about it. And besides, I’ll be with all of you.  It’s not like anything can happen to me with you around.”
After lots of arguing, Jurek promised to give it some thought.
Liasare couldn’t decide what to wear to dinner.  Should she wear a dress or go casual?  She changed her clothes twenty-one times, or at least it felt like that many times to her, going from casual black pants and a black blouse to a dressy green silk strapless top with a knee length black skirt.
It would be nice if she had a female roommate to ask.  Too bad she couldn’t be like Jurek and just pop on over to Jaylen’s and get her opinion.  It was so frustrating trying to figure this all out. She didn’t want to dress too fancy, nor did she want to dress too casually.  She decided on a simple black knit dress that was fitted, sleeveless and hit her mid thigh.  It showed off her curves and her legs, but wasn’t overly dressy.  She wore flats and let hair do its own thing. Of course, it wasn’t like she had a choice in that regard, because she didn’t really know how to fix it anyway.  She wished her nails looked better; they were cut to the quick and not exactly what one would call smooth.  She never took care of things like that, never indulged in manicures or salon services.
Her stomach was an army of fluttering butterflies as she knocked on Jurek’s door.  She heard him calling for her to enter.
“I’m sorry.  I’m running a bit late.  I had to take care of some business that took longer than I expected.  I’ll be out in a minute,” he called from the other room.
Liasare walked around his sitting room, admiring his exquisite furnishings. She wondered how he could procure such finery, and on such short notice.  Either they were miracle workers at locating these things, or he had some kind of connections with certain people at high levels.
She was inspecting a painting when he joined her.  “It’s one of my favorites.  I’ve had it for years. An artist from Vesturon actually painted it.  Vesturon has such scenic places that its artwork often reflects it beauty. I fell in love with this one long ago.”
Liasare stared at it and it reminded her of the view she and Tommy had seen the day they flew on the speedster.  It was a painting of the coastline where it met the mountains.  The artist did a remarkable job of capturing the colors of the setting sun as it made its descent over the sea.  She thought back to that day and how the view had amazed her. She had never known anything so beautiful had existed.
“What are you thinking about? You have a pensive look on your face.”
“Oh, it’s nothing.  The painting only reminded me of the coastline of Vesturon.  It’s very beautiful.”
“Would you care for some wine?” he asked as he headed toward the small refrigerator. She noticed what he was wearing then: snug black pants, hanging low on his hips and a crisp white shirt that was unbuttoned halfway down his chest, exposing his sculpted muscles. His sleeves were turned up, baring his muscular forearms, and Liasare couldn’t tear her eyes off of him as he moved across the room to fill the glasses with wine.
“Please.”
He handed her a glass and they took seats on the couch and chair.  She started fidgeting, for she didn’t know what to do or where to look.  What she truly wanted to do was simply ogle the man, but that wouldn’t do. The silence was unnerving so she thought to make some small talk.
“So are you cooking tonight?”
“No, although I enjoy cooking occasionally.  I thought it best if I had someone else do the work.”
She gave him a questioning look.
“It’s being sent from Lare-Stell.  I’m cheating Liasare.”
She giggled and admitted, “I really miss the transmuters.  I didn’t realize how much I depended on them. They spoiled me.”
Jurek smiled.  “I’ll remember to make sure I send you back there every now and then to get your fix.”
I’d rather get my fix of you.
It became very quiet in the room again.  She sipped her wine and flicked an imaginary piece of lint off her dress.
“Am I making you nervous?”  The sound of his voice was like a gentle breeze against her skin, causing goose bumps to sprout up all over her body.
“No,” she blurted out too quickly.  She sighed deeply and looked him in the eye.  “Yes.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know,” she glanced down and stared at her ugly fingernails.
“Yes, you do.”
Still staring at her hands, she admitted, “I, um, you’re intimidating.  I don’t know anything about you other than you’re very powerful and you frighten me sometimes. Well, a lot actually.  I know you want me to follow your orders or directions or whatever, but I worry about fucking things up.  I want to fight and I want to be strong, but I worry I can’t meet your expectations.”
“Is that all?”
“Yeah,” she lifted her eyes again to his.  The swirling silver in them always seemed to take her breath away with their uncommon beauty.  “No, there’s a lot more, but I’m sure you don’t want to hear it all.”
“Tell me.”
“No,” she shook her head, looking away.
“Liasare, you know I always get my way. Tell me.”  His rich voice resonated within her, making her belly tighten as she squirmed on the couch.
“Well, you don’t know anything about me.”
“I know a lot about you.”
“Like what?  You don’t know what my favorite color is, or my favorite book.  You don’t know what my favorite movie is or where I’d love to go if I could go anywhere in the universe.  You don’t even know my favorite food.”
“Those things are of no consequence to me, Liasare.” He flicked his hand through the air.
“But they are to me!” she insisted.
“Why? Why are they so important?”
She sat up straighter and said, “Because some of those things make me happy.”
“You know what Liasare, you’re right. I don’t know what your favorite color is, or if you’d like to have a manicure, or if you prefer your fingernails to be pink or red.  I don’t have a fucking clue if you like ruffles better than lace, or if you have a favorite flower, or whether you’d rather get flowers or chocolates on your birthday.  I also don’t know if you have a desire for a grand wedding and a fancy white gown and a cake that’s ten feet tall or if you’d prefer an intimate affair with only your closest family and friends present. I don’t know if you like to go to a spa and have a massage and be pampered, or if you prefer the outdoors and sit in the sun and feel its warmth on your skin. But I do know this.  I do know the most important thing about you.  And that is you’d die for someone you love.  You’d give up your life for your brother. That, little girl, is more important to me that all that other bullshit you’re so hell bent on pointing out I don’t fucking know about you.  Open your eyes, Liasare. The world you once knew is dying a rapid death.  Those things you seem to think are important may not exist in another six months.  What will exist is the fact that I’ll be by your side, fighting and protecting you.  And that I chose you, a warrior, to stand by my side.”
“That’s all fine and good and all of that may be important, but Jurek, sometimes I need chocolate and flowers to make me happy,” she insisted.  “What makes you happy?  Do you even know?” she whispered.
“I don’t have a fucking clue,” he snapped.  “I can’t even remember the last time I was happy.  When was the last time you were happy?  You don’t seem to talk about having much happiness in your life as I recall.”
She whipped her head around to him, narrowed her eyes and reminisced.  “Oh, I remember it well,” she softly said with a smile.  “It was when Tommy and I stole that stupid speedster.  Whoever would have thought that a flying motorcycle could have made two dumb kids so ecstatic?  I remember every blasted thing about that flight and I swear I’ve never felt that happy since.  I never knew that feeling even existed.  It was incredible.  We laughed about it because we felt so free.  We wanted the feeling to last forever.  Everyone needs to feel that feeling sometime and I believe it’s within each of us.”
Jurek was quiet for a moment as he watched her.  He noticed how her eyes lit up like a beacon in middle of the darkest night.  They glowed with her happiness; he didn’t think he’d ever seen anything like it.
“Don’t be going all Pollyanna on me now,” his voice was dripping sarcasm.
“Polly who?”
“Christ! You don’t know who Pollyanna is and you act like her half the time.  It’s the optimistic principle based on a character from a book.”
“Oh.  Well, maybe you should read the book, Jurek.”
“Very funny, Liasare.”
“I wasn’t trying to be funny. I’m just saying that every now and again I need to have things around that maybe, on some small level, can make me happy. Or maybe if not happy, make me think happy thoughts, at least for a few minutes anyway.”  She stood up, straightened her dress just because, and walked over to the refrigerator to get the bottle of wine.
“Why, so you can go out and kill a bunch of Xanthians with a smile on your face?” his sarcasm lacing his words.
His words stopped her in her tracks and she thought about what he said.  “Yeah, I guess so.  Maybe I do need something to put a smile on my face.  Even though they’re disgusting, killing Xanthians is so brutal that maybe a little something to cheer me up on occasion would make the job a bit easier to stomach.”
He snorted, “Maybe I should get you a gas mask.  Then you’d stop bitching about the nasty smell of them.”
“Look, never mind.  I just thought that ...” She stopped and waved her hand through the air, dismissing her thought.  “No, forget it.  It doesn’t matter. However, just for the record, I don’t like pink at all.  In fact, I hate it.  It reminds me of the color of my scars. I’ve never had a manicure, see,” she held up her hands and wiggled her fingers so he could have a look at her ugly fingernails, “and I’ve never even been in a salon so I don’t have any idea about what a massage would be like. I prefer the outdoors over anything. Waterfalls are my favorites, although I’ve only ever seen one.  I adore chocolate, but I was only allowed to have it on the rarest of occasions, so I look at it as a very special treat.  I dislike both lace and ruffles; they’re just not my type,” she said, wrinkling her nose.  “I’m not very refined as you’ve probably already figured out by my deplorable table manners. I was never taught about all the different forks and spoons and such and all that kind of stuff makes me extremely uncomfortable. I actually find it quite intimidating. As for the wedding thing, I never allowed myself to indulge in those kinds of thoughts because you saw what I looked like. Who in his right mind would’ve wanted to marry someone who looked like me? I never filled my head with impossible things that could never be.  Oh, and I adore the feeling of the sun on my face.  Now that my scars are gone I guess I could find out what it would be to actually put on a bathing suit and feel the warmth of it on my entire body. That’s something I’ve haven’t experienced since before I was thirteen.  That’s also why I’m so disgustingly pale.  And finally, if there were one thing I could have every day of my life, it would be a fresh bouquet of flowers.  Flowers are a gift from God and should be treasured for their beauty and luscious scents. Now, if I die tomorrow, you can say you knew what my favorite things were.  Good night, Jurek.”  She turned and headed for the door.
Jurek felt like she had sliced him open and poured acid on his wounds, and he deserved every ounce of it, and then some. He’d never been so ashamed of how he’d treated anyone in his life. She’d stripped herself bare and exposed her inner feelings for him to see. She been thrown into something she hadn’t asked for. Her goal in coming to Earth was to find the only person who’d ever shown her kindness and instead she had been introduced to one tragedy after another. Then when she tries to have a simple conversation with him, he acts like a fucking condescending asshole and tells her what makes her happy doesn’t mean a goddamn thing to anyone but her.
 “Liasare, stop.  Please don’t leave.” He stared at her, his eyes filled with remorse. “You can’t go without eating. Our food will be arriving any minute, and I’m not letting this go to waste.  Take it back to your room if you must, but wait.”
She eyed him for a moment and said, “I seem to have lost my appetite.”
“I didn’t mean to piss you off.  I’m sorry. I don’t know why I said those things.  I guess I just thought a reality check was in order.”
“No shit, Jurek.  Some reality check. Everything with you is like a bucket of ice water in the face.”
Before she knew what hit her, he was holding her and kissing her. And it was one of his knock your socks off kinds of kisses. He was all over her, hands, mouth, taking, demanding and her head was spinning with the ferocity of it.  She was on the couch, flat on her back, with him on top. He ran his hand beneath her dress, sliding it along her thigh, massaging it, while he skimmed his tongue along her neck from her ear to the base of her throat.  He spread her legs and began to massage the inside of her thigh, sliding her dress up even further.
Gliding down her body, his mouth took over where his hand had been, kissing, licking and nibbling the inside of her thigh until she thought she would go crazy.  He groaned, as if he was in pain, from holding himself in check for so long.
Liasare threaded her fingers through Jurek’s hair, feeling its thick waves as she drew him even closer to her.  She knew she wanted more, needed more.  His exotic scent fueled her desire, as he continued to push her toward the brink of ultimate pleasure.
Jurek was lost in his passion, tasting Liasare’s pleasure as it built in her.  He could feel it surrounding him, and it urged him to go further.  Pushing her dress up higher, he slid his fingers under the elastic of her thong and with a quick snap, popped the thing right off of her.
When she felt her panties give way, Liasare sucked in her breath. Raising herself to her elbows, their eyes locked.
Last chance, his thought assailed her.
Was this a challenge, she wondered?  Because if so, she was definitely up to it.  Reaching for his head, she guided him to her and moaned when his tongue found her, and began its sweet torture.  Jurek’s current flowed through her, sending a wave of molten heat coursing through her veins, waking every cell, every nerve ending in her body.  She arched her back and called his name.  Every angry word that had been shared between them faded away. Just when she thought nothing could feel sweeter, he ran his hands along her hips and back around beneath her, lifting her closer to him, bringing her to climax.  Her world shattered into a million stars.  She wanted to feel him next to her, his skin on hers, but their clothing was in the way.  Suddenly it was gone, ripped away like magic.  She smiled knowing Jurek had read her mind.  Now she wanted him on top of her so she could feel his heart beating, she wanted his lips on hers; she wanted her hands on him everywhere and his scent on her.  Before she could finish the thought, he was there, looming over her, his mouth crushing hers, possessing her, filling her, tasting her.
“You unman me Liasare,” he muttered into her mouth.  “You reduce me to a mass of weakened, helpless flesh. I can’t think straight when I’m near you.” He kissed her again, not gently, but aggressively, as if he were marking her as his own.  He drew back his head and stared at her for a long moment, his eyes half hidden under a heavy fringe of inky lashes, “Don’t ever think about leaving here.  I won’t allow it.  Ever.  Under any circumstance.”
He rolled off of her, stood and stared at her.  “How did you remove our clothes Liasare?”
Standing there naked, he was the most magnificent thing Liasare had ever seen. Not hesitating a second, she moved before him and touched him.  Her shyness was absent for a change, and she had always wanted this, nothing but this. She dipped her fingers along the steps of the muscles on his abdomen, feeling the indentations and planes, reveling in the tautness of them.  Running her hands from his abs to his chest, she felt the sculpted muscles flex beneath her hands as he moved.  She didn’t stop there. Walking around until she was directly behind him, she traced the muscles of his shoulders, back and finally his spectacular ass.  When she was finished inspecting and touching him, she faced him again, leaned into him and wrapped her arms around him.
“You didn’t answer me.  How did you remove our clothes?” he asked as he enfolded her within his arms.
“I didn’t; you did.”
“No, Liasare.  I certainly did not.  Although I’ll confess the thought crossed my mind, I was too busy with ... other things.”
She looked up at him, her face turning a vivid shade of pink and she blurted out, “What? You mean you didn’t do that?”
He sliced his head once to the left and then back again.
Her brow furrowed, and she tried to back out of his hold.
“Oh, no you don’t.  Tell me what’s going on here.  The truth, Liasare, because if you don’t, you know damn well I’ll get it out of you anyway.”
“When you were ... when your tongue was ... oh, God, this is embarrassing.”
“Now you’re embarrassed?  Liasare, my tongue has traveled over nearly every inch of your body, and in places I would venture to guess you rarely touch yourself, and now you get embarrassed?”
“Stop! I can’t help it, okay? I’m sorry I’m this way.  I just am.  I don’t normally have men’s tongues lapping at my innermost sacred places.”
“I should hope not and don’t you ever think of allowing any other man to do that, do you understand me?”
“Oh, cut the macho crap already will you? If you haven’t figured out by now that I’m not that kind of girl, then you are an idiot!”
Their eyes bored into each other and an unspoken battle erupted.  He seemed to tell her that she would find out exactly what kind of idiot he was if she thought to test him in that arena.  She seemed to challenge his authority, as he stood in front of her with his hackles raised.
“Answer me then.  How the fuck did you do it?”
“I’m not sure.  Like I said, when you were, ah, yeah, down there,” she dropped her eyes, but he quickly halted her movement.
“Look at me when you speak,” he purred.
She opened her eyes and felt her face spike with heat.  Clearing her throat, she continued, “When you were ... when I was ... why are you doing this to me?”
“I’m trying to find out how you did this, dammit.  Quit squirming and answer the fucking question.”
She tried to twist out of his grasp, but it was ironclad.  Her eyes shot back to his and she decided to be brutally honest. “When your tongue was bringing me the most unbelievable ecstasy I had ever experienced, the only thing I could think of was that I wanted to feel you next to me, to feel your skin on mine.  Not our stupid clothes.  As soon as the thought entered my head, the clothes flew off so I assumed you’d read my mind. It never occurred to me that you didn’t do.”
“What about my body?”
“What do you mean?” she asked, now truly puzzled.
“When our clothes disappeared there was a force that pulled me over you, on top of you. Was that something you wanted as well?”
If Liasare could have looked in a mirror, she was sure her face would have been a mottled shade of purple.  Of course she had wanted him on top of her, but she didn’t think she had actually made him move there.
“Yes,” she mumbled, “I did.  And I wanted to feel your heart beat next to mine, I wanted you to kiss me and if I could have, I would have crawled inside of you and somehow cradled your heart within my hands. Now that I’ve bared my soul to you, do you plan on mocking me, humiliating me, or yelling at me?”  Standing tall as a soldier, head held high, she waited for his response.
Bending down, he picked up her dress and said, “I would never mock or humiliate you for sharing those feelings with me. I think you need to get dressed.  Our dinner is probably here and we need to have a talk.  Something is happening that I’m not sure even I can explain.”
Her feelings were so muddled right now, for she was exhausted, physically and mentally, she was frightened of a role she’d been chosen to fulfill but was uncertain she’d be able to do it with any success, and she was also emotionally attached to the man who stood next to her and had every nerve ending in her body rising in anticipation of his touch.
“That’s it? Get dressed because our dinner is here?” now she was pissed. “I think you can go and have a lovely dinner by your own self, Jurek.”
“Liasare, please get dressed.  We have things we need to discuss.”
“I don’t think so. I think we’re done discussing. You’re an ass, you know that?” Frustration lacing her words, she finally said, “Look, I can’t do this anymore. I’m tired, scared, and quite honestly, you do things to me that sometimes I’m ill equipped to deal with.  My body responds to you in ways that I can’t even explain to myself. I’m in a constant state of denial and it’s making me crazy.”
“What do you mean denial?”
“Seriously? For God’s sake Jurek, every time you’re near me, I’m in a heightened state of arousal, and then you deny me any satisfaction.  I’m like an explosive, getting ready to detonate at any second.”
“I never deny you satisfaction.”
“What?  You always deny me satisfaction. You refuse to have sex with me.”
“That’s because I’m protecting you.  But I do other things to satisfy you.”
“I know, but I want you.  Among those other things.  I like those other things too. But Jurek, it’s you I want.” Her eyes held his and he felt them touching his soul. 
The dress he held in his hand was gone in a flash.  “Did you do that?” Liasare asked him.
He shook his head to the left one time, right before he all but pounced on her.  They were back on they couch, and he kissed her all over, licking her, trailing his tongue along her hipbones. He slid down her body and kissed each leg, all the way to the bottoms of her feet, massaging them. Then he moved to her inner thighs, where he nibbled a path to the juncture of her legs.  Spreading them wide, he ran his tongue along her and she moaned as she grabbed his head, pulling him closer.  His tongue swirled and delved into her, hitting that perfect spot until she cried out his name again and again.  When her climax faded, he moved up and pulled her on top of him and began a slow, sensual dance with his tongue and hers.  He tasted her sweetness and ran his tongue along her lower lip, as she kissed him back, nibbling on his lip in return.  “I can’t get enough of your taste, Liasare.”
She moved over him and twisted her fingers in his hair, as she pulled her mouth from him.  “I love the way you smell and the way your tongue makes me feel, Jurek.  But I still want you.  Inside of me.”
She slid down his body and began kissing his chest, his abs and she spent quite a long time tracing the outline of that gorgeous tattoo on his hip with her tongue.  She used her teeth and lips until she had him groaning and making those sexy sounds in the back of his throat that turned her on so much. Then she inched her way down his body.
“Liasare,” he rasped. “What are you doing?”
“Nothing I don’t want to do,” she said as she took him into her mouth, sliding her tongue over his velvety skin as he groaned her name.  His breathing accelerated which spurred her on, taking her strokes to a rhythm that matched it.  She lifted her eyes to look at him and just as she did, he moaned in pleasure seeing her watching him.  Liasare felt her sex respond as he withdrew from her mouth right before he climaxed.  He grabbed her arms pulling her on top of him, and they shared a wet, wild, and lush kiss.  Holding her tightly, he flipped them and began kissing her cheeks, lips and then nuzzling her neck.
“Oh, Liasare,” he said, breathing into her neck. “I want to be inside you more than I can say.”  His words were spoken so quietly, she didn’t think she heard him correctly.
“What did you say?”
He lifted himself up to his elbows and whispered, “I want to be inside you more than I can say.”
“Jurek, I don’t understand.”
“If we do this there are things that can happen, things that could put you at great risk.  Part of my power could shift to you and that could kill you. If by some miracle it didn’t, you could also be vulnerable to my enemies. Once we bind together, and my power is fused in you, my enemies can track me through you.  I’m immortal and you aren’t. I couldn’t bear it if something happened to you because of me.  The risks are too great for something such as this ... a night of pleasure Liasare.”
She cupped his faced between her hands.  “Don’t you think it’s only fair that I have a say in this?  It’s my life after all.”
“Yes, but I already know what you’re going to say. And I’m not willing to take that chance when we can have nights like this, beautiful nights together with you naked in my arms, allowing me to pleasure you. And if the day arrives when the universe is safe again, then we’ll move to the next step.”
“I won’t feel like you’re mine though.”
“Whatever do you mean?”
“If we don’t make love, I won’t feel like we belong to each other.”
“Don’t ever make that mistake. You are one hundred and fifty percent mine.  And if anyone tries to take you away from me, I’ll kill them,” he swore.
“What about me? Do I have those same rights where you’re concerned?”
He narrowed his eyes at her. “So you think I’m out picking up other women? Is that what you’re asking me?” He was up in a flash, eyes blazing silver, anger rolling off of him.
“Let’s get one thing straight right now. You and me, nothing and no one comes between us.  I don’t sleep around on my women.  And I expect the same.  If I find out differently, you’ll regret it, understand?”
“Jurek, I had to ask.”
“Why? I’m here every night, or on Lare-Stell.  Or Vesturon. You always know where I am.  You don’t trust me yet. I know.  I get that.  But dammit, Liasare, when have I given you cause to think for one second that I’d fuck around on you?”
Liasare didn’t have a good answer for that. “I’m always confused around you.  I can’t help it!”
“You’re confused because of you, not because of me. I’ve been straight up with you from the start.”
“What? How so?  You’ve sent me mixed signals from day one!”
“No, I haven’t. That’s where you’re wrong. I told you we couldn’t have sex.  Yes, we’ve played around and I’ve made you feel good, or I’ve tried anyway. I’m sorry we haven’t done the final deed, but I’ve been up front about that from the start.  But I have not hidden the fact that I’ve desired you from the first time I laid eyes on you.  I’m sorry you’re confused, but that wasn’t my fault. And why didn’t you come to me and ask me?”
Again, she didn’t have a good response.
“I don’t know.  Maybe I was shy. I’m inexperienced with men.  I don’t know how I’m supposed to act. I’m inexperienced with every damn thing. You ought to know that by now. I screw everything up.  And my body has such a weird reaction to you.  Like it knows when you’re around. My nerve endings perk up and I can barely think straight. Sometimes I think I want to have sex with you just to help me think properly again.”
She looked at him and he was smiling.  “I do that to your body?”
“Yes! No wonder I’m always so discombobulated.”
He looked like that cat that swallowed the canary. The ass was actually gloating! She should never have told him that, dammit.
“Has another man ever made you feel this way?”
“No!”
“Not even your Shandro?”
“No, and he’s not my Shandro!”
He got a smug look about him, tossed her the dress and said, “We’re definitely going to be eating a cold dinner, although I’ll admit it was worth every bite.”
Liasare watched him as he bent down, retrieved his clothing and headed to the bathroom.  She quickly put her dress on and spied her torn panties on the floor.  Picking them up, she tossed them on the sofa with a smirk and headed out the door.
Chapter 22


A few minutes later, Jurek strode out of the bathroom, fully dressed, into an empty room.  He was about to go looking for Liasare when Tak entered his room.
“I’m not in the mood for an interruption right now,” Jurek told him.
“I can see why,” Tak replied as he eyed the torn panties lying on the sofa.
Following Tak’s gaze, Jurek gave a snort of disgust as he shook his head, picked up the scrap of cloth and tossed it on his bed.
“What do you want?” he asked in frustration.
“We’ve found something.  A colony on Trakstar 27.  It looks like our suspicions are correct.  There is a base there with approximately thirty thousand life forms.  We’ve sent some men to investigate and they should be back to Lare-Stell in a few hours.  I think this is where they’re sending all the abductees. It all is making sense.  We think there are more than just the Xanthians involved here too.”
“Okay, slow down. Trakstar 27 is in the Omega quadrant.  That’s nowhere near Earth. We’re talking BFE for Christ’s sake.  What the fuck are they doing all the way out there?”
“Trying to stay obscure.  And it’s worked until now.  All those probes have the Trakstar 27 marking on them.  They were making sure no one was on to them.”
Jurek began pacing and he ran his hand through his hair.  “Damn. Meet me in the kitchen. I need to get Liasare and we need to eat dinner.  You can fill us in on all the details while we eat.”  Jurek flashed out of the room.
Liasare was in her room, stepping into a replacement thong when Jurek popped in.  She screamed when she heard him and her hairbrush went soaring through the air toward his head.
It was difficult to tell who was more shocked, Liasare because of Jurek flashing into her room while she was standing there bare-assed, or Jurek because of Liasare’s hairbrush headed toward his head.
“What the hell!” he yelled as he caught it.
“Don’t you ever knock?” she screamed.
“No and how often is this happening?” he asked, holding the hairbrush up in the air.
“You scared me and not very often.”
“Quantify that.”
“This is the third time.”
“Are you including the incident when you removed our clothing?”
Her face turned beet red, as she answered sheepishly, “No. Jurek, I’m scared. What’s happening to me?”
She didn’t finish speaking when other things, such as a hand mirror and a pair of shoes flew across the room.  Liasare’s hands started shaking so she rubbed them together in an effort get them to stop.
Noticing her distress, Jurek was in front of her taking hold of her hands.  He put them both in one of his and put his other hand on her head, turning her around in his arms so her back was flush against his chest.  “Breathe, Liasare.  Let my power wash over you and calm you.”
Soon, he felt her trembling subside. He was reluctant to release her so he bent his head to her ear and whispered, “Let’s go eat dinner and discuss this. We need to tell Tak and perhaps he can help.  He also has some news. They’ve found the Xanthian colony and he’s sent some men to investigate. They should be back on Lare-Stell in a few hours.  Come, let’s eat.”  He took her hand and walked her to the kitchen.
Tak was there when they both entered.
“Brownie, are you feeling okay?  You don’t look so well,” Tak mentioned.
“No, she’s not well Tak.  Thanks for noticing,” Jurek commented dryly.
“I need to eat.  I’m really hungry,” Liasare decided.
“Sit. I’ll serve you,” Jurek told her.
He filled two plates and sat down.  Handing her a set of silverware and a napkin, he brought her a glass of iced lemon water.  She emptied her plate of food almost before Jurek had a chance to swallow his first bite of food.
“Liasare, um, I am quite astounded.  I don’t quite know what to say.”
“I told you she ate like a horse, Jurek.  I’ve never seen anything like it.”
“I’m sorry, but is there any more?  I’m still really hungry.”
Jurek and Tak looked at each other and Liasare knew they were communicating.  Tak left the kitchen and Jurek refilled Liasare’s plate.
Jurek took a few more bites of his food as Liasare sat there with an empty plate.  There was a container of food on the counter that suddenly ended up on Liasare’s lap.  It had been filled with their dinner.
“Oh God, I’m sorry,” Liasare exclaimed as she jumped to her feet.  She was dripping in brown sauce, and some sort of unidentified tasty vegetables.  “Oh hell!” she said as she ran, tripping, out of the room.
Jurek decided to follow her. When Liasare got to her room, she yanked off her dress and was so exasperated; things began flying across her room.  Pillows, clothing and shoes were randomly soaring through the air.  Jurek pulled her to him, talking to her, calming her down.
“It’s okay, Liasare. We’ll figure this out, but it seems to intensify when you’re emotions are involved.  Let’s get you calmed down, okay?’’  He held her to him, rubbing circles on her back.  When things settled down, he found something for her to wear and helped her into her clothing.
“Let’s go back to the kitchen.  I want to get you a glass of wine.”
She followed him and sipped the wine after he poured her a glass.  Tak and Jurek wanted to know when all this started, its frequency and duration. They seemed to think her voracious appetite had something to do with it. They also thought that the fact that she had always been extra sensitive to the Praestani touch might be a factor too.
They decided they would monitor these events more closely, but in the meantime, the situation with the Xanthians had become paramount.  The initial reports coming in were disturbing.  The colony was being trained for military exercises.  They were taking the abductees, implanting nanochips into their brains and creating an army of minions.  These minions would do exactly as they were told; it was as if they didn’t have a mind of their own.  They were one hundred percent expendable. Not only were adult men and women being used.  They had found evidence that adolescents were there too.  The news got worse.  Humans weren’t the only ones; beings from all over the universe were there.  The reports also indicated that this was only one of many of these colonies.  The question was, where were the other bases or colonies?  They had to locate them and quickly.
Jurek knew he needed to go to Vesturon to discuss this with Xarrid, Rykerian and the other Yarristers.  As the ruling entity of the Universal Free Rule, or UFR, they needed to be apprised of the situation.  It would be urgent for them to know of this.  Maybe Jurek could enlist the aid of the Guardians of Vesturon, to help search out these other bases.  They needed to be found and destroyed before these armies were launched and could take over the universe.
“I’ll go with you,” Liasare stated.
“No, I want you to stay here.  I also don’t want you out.  I don’t want you on Vesturon because I know you’re still angry at your sister.  With everything that’s going on with your body right now, I’d rather not put you in that situation.  And the same goes for you fighting. I’d be more comfortable if you’d stay here and when I get back, we’ll fight together. Can you do that?”
She thought for a moment.
“I’ll be a waste just sitting here.”
“No, you won’t. Tak will put you to work on the Compsys. You can help him search for signals coming out of the space waves. It can give us a direction to search for other bases or colonies.”
“Okay, I guess.”
“I should be back in a day, two at the most. Promise me you’ll stay here and not do anything rash.”
“Yes, I’ll stay here. And when you get back we fight?”
“Yes, we’ll fight. We’ll kill if you’re up to it.”
“I’m up to it,” she vowed.
They looked at each other, as if there were a million thoughts and words they wanted to share but none fell from either of their lips.
“So help me Liasare, if you do anything stupid, I’ll make you regret it.” The light flared momentarily and he was gone.

***

Liasare kept hearing the voice calling her name.  Realizing it wouldn’t cease, she got up at last, just so she could tell whoever was annoying the crap out of her to shut the hell up.  She padded across the room and into the main area of the warehouse and there stood a woman ... a lovely bald headed woman.  Her face and neck had Praestani tattoos, similar to Naroo’s. She was draped in a white Grecian-styled gown and it pooled at her bare feet. She was so beautiful Liasare wanted to touch her.
Blinking several times, not trusting what her eyes were seeing, she asked, “Did you want something, because I don’t know you and I’m super tired and would love to go back to sleep. So can we make this quick?”
“Be patient with him Liasare, for he is headstrong, much like yourself.”
“Who are you talking about?”
“You know of whom which I speak.  Please be patient with him.  He has your best interests at heart.  In fact, he has you inside of his heart.  He doesn’t know it yet, but he will soon. Very soon.  You must be strong my dear for soon you will be tested.  They will try to destroy you but do not let them.  You are the Key.  Remember that Liasare.  You are the Key.”
“The key to what?”
“Everything depends on you Liasare.  Tell him that.  It says so in the prophecy.”
“Wait! Tell me more! Please don’t go!”  The bald woman faded away.
Liasare sat up in bed with a start. What a strange dream, she thought. It had been so real, she had thought for a moment she was in the middle of the warehouse instead of her bed.  Lying back down, she was fast asleep in minutes.

***

The warm glow of the sun streaming through the window woke Liasare up in the morning.  She stretched and rolled on her side.  Opening her eyes, she spied a small bouquet of lovely flowers on the pillow beside her, along with a box of chocolates. Very expensive chocolates.  There was a thick creamy envelope with her name on it.  She opened it and pulled out a card that read:

You should be greeted every day with both of these.  Enjoy.
J H

She looked at the card and reread it, just to make sure she wasn’t hallucinating.  She opened the box of chocolates and lifted the bouquet to her nose.  It was a lovely mix of unusual flowers she had never seen and they smelled heavenly.
What in the hell has happened to him?  This man is going to be my undoing, physically and mentally.
Smelling the flowers brought a memory to surface, one that she kept in a tightly locked box. It was from the time after her accident, when she was recovering in the medical facility.  Her mother would come into her room every day, pinched faced and scowling, while she lay there unable to move.  Bandages covered her body while her pelvis and limbs were encased in immobilizers.  Her memory was so vivid she could feel her nose itching unbearably, but this time she was able to reach up and vigorously scratch it, unlike when her arms were trapped in those awful immobilizers. She hated those memories, how she would shut down completely, unable to stand the constant ranting and raving of her selfish mother.
Mornings were her favorite times then, because she would awaken every day to find a tiny bouquet of freshly picked flowers resting next to her face on her pillow. Tommy knew how much she loved them so every morning he would bring her some.  Their scent would freshen her room, chasing away the medicinal smell of the facility.  Her mother would arrive every afternoon and toss them into the trash, complaining bitterly about their presence in her bed.
She looked at the bouquet she firmly grasped within her hands, her memories of Tommy and all his kindness during those dreadful months, filling her heart with love.  He had always been her rock, her beacon during the storms.  He was the one who steadied her when she felt she was crumbling and didn’t want to go on; he gave her courage to climb the mountain and learn how to walk again.  God, how she missed him!  If only she could talk to him one more time.
Tommy, why didn’t you at least give me a chance to say good-bye?
She put her hands in her face and cried.  She knew if she ever did see him, if they ever did get him back, he would never be her Tommy again.
 
***
 
Tak was teaching Liasare the ins and outs of searching for signs of activity in the omega quadrant of the universe.  Each of the quadrants was vast, with life forms on multiple solar systems.  There were also asteroids to consider.  They traveled through space, never stationary, and could be a location for a colony as well ... a very strategic location, if the asteroid were stable and large enough.
She was on her second day of searching and her back was screaming from the inactivity.  “I don’t know how you can sit here all day like this.  This is killing me.”
“You don’t like this Brownie?”
“No, my back muscles are going into spasms. I need some exercise. Desk work makes me crazy.”
“You are impatient,” Tak remarked.
“No, I’m not.  I don’t like to sit still is all.”
“That’s impatience, Brownie.”
“Whatever.  I think I’m going out to get some fresh air.”
“No.”
“What do you mean?”
“No, means no.”
“Gah, you are so annoying, Tak.”
“So are you, Brownie.  Jurek says you cannot leave.”
“I’m not leaving. I’m just going for a walk. I need some exercise. I promise I won’t be long.  I’ll go around the block or two, stretch my legs and be back.”
Tak examined her, and then nodded.  Take your weapons, all of them, Brownie. Every single one.  And you have one hour.”
She wasted no time in gearing up and heading out. She was going to enjoy being outdoors.  It was a crisp December day, late in the afternoon and she exited the building and started walking. She had no destination in mind, only exercise.  As was her tendency, her mind wandered and when it did, she lost sight of her surroundings.  Jurek occupied her thoughts, especially the bouquet and chocolates he had sent her.  She’d never received gifts from the opposite sex before and was surprised how special they made her feel.  Of course, Jurek had a habit of making her feel special.  He also had a tendency to piss her off, put her in a rage, fill her with unbearable desire and make her want to tear all her clothes off and run naked through fire for him.
Liasare heard something growling behind her and she swore under her breath. Darkness had fallen and she had been so preoccupied with Jurek, she hadn’t been paying attention to her surroundings.
Turning around, she saw two green eyes glowing in the dark. The hairs on her body stood at attention and her breath seemed to have vanished, stuck somewhere between her ribs and neck.  Her head didn’t move, but her eyes did a quick scan of the area surrounding the creature in front of her.  It growled again, then stood up to its full height.  Liasare felt her panic begin to take over as she realized this was one of the creatures she saw from Jurek’s memory.
It opened its mouth and its teeth elongated, dripping saliva as it unfolded its large bat-like wings.  Liasare looked into its eyes and saw her image reflected in them.  Her feet became mired in concrete, unable to move.  Her mind screamed at her to run, but she stood there, staring into the black creature’s eyes, unable to look away.  It stepped toward her and enfolded her within its large leathery wings and took off running.
 Its arms hung at her sides, not holding her, as if it were afraid to touch her. Liasare tried to move her hands, to wiggle her fingers, but nothing.  She was frozen, like a block of ice.
Her eyes stung from the cool air as the creature sped through the night. She wanted to see where it was taking her, but it was so large, her view was obstructed.  If only she could get to her weapons, but her body was in some kind of mind-lock.
It finally released its hold on her, dropping her is if she burned it.  It crouched over her growling, its saliva running down her face and arms.  She still was trying to break loose of its hold on her mind, but she couldn’t budge, when all of a sudden, it flew backwards and slammed into a wall, howling.
“That’s enough. Release her,” another voice hissed.
Liasare moved her arms and legs and quickly sat up, moving into a squatted position.  She reached for her weapons to find all of them missing.
“Do you take me for a fool?” the voice said harshly.  A figure moved partially out of the darkness, yet she still couldn’t see his face, as his head was covered by a black hooded cloak that he wore.  She looked around and she found herself in a room that looked like a dungeon.  She cringed when she saw there were men and women hanging from chains in cages along the wall.  It was exactly like Jurek’s memory.  In the center of the room was a table.  At each end were shackles and chains.  She knew exactly who the table was intended for.
“Who are you?” she asked.
“I was about to ask you the same question.  Matter of fact, we want to know who you are working with and what information you have on us.”  With every word he said he inched closer and closer to Liasare.  She sensed something very disturbing about this man. Something she couldn’t explain, but she was becoming intensely nauseated and her head was beginning to pound unmercifully.  She still couldn’t see his face, but his eyes were glowing red, causing her body to break out in a mass of chills.  Ice ran through her veins and her head continued to pound with a piercing pain behind her eyes.
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“I think you do.”  He waved his hands and she found her body stretched across the table with her wrists and ankles in steel shackles and chains. She wasn’t sure how he did it, but she was on the floor one minute and the next, she was on her back upon the table, nearly naked except for her bra and panties.
“I’ll ask you again, what do you know of us?”
“Nothing.  I swear.”
He snapped his fingers and three of those horrid black creatures appeared around her, growling and hissing, claws bared, teeth snapping.
“We can do this the easy way, or the hard way. The choice is yours.”
“I don’t know anything, I swear!” she screamed.
The hooded man looked at the creatures and nodded, but when they went to claw her, a strange blue light appeared around her body, jolting them as they tried to touch her.  They screeched in pain.
The man narrowed his eyes and asked, “What are you?”
“I’m human,” Liasare cried.  “Let me go! I don’t know anything.”
“Oh, no.  And you’re no human.  I’ve been around for eons little girl and I’ve never seen any kind of reaction like that.  Use the chains on her!” he ordered.
One of the creatures picked up a heavy chain and swung it at her, its thick links cutting across her hips and abdomen.  Liasare screamed.
“What are you?”
“I don’t know!” she cried.
The man nodded to the creature and he swung the chain at her again, only this time it landed across her shoulders and chest, tearing into her flesh.  She screamed again.
“What are you?” he asked again.
Her throat became so raw from her screams, she could barely answer.  The torture worsened when the dark creature began beating the bottoms of her feet.  Eventually she passed out.
She wasn’t sure how long she’d been unconscious, but the hooded man was there when she woke.
“I’m a very patient man, young lady.  We can play this game for hours and hours.  I won’t tire of it, but I know you will. I can already see how it has affected you. Your mind is slipping, but this is nothing compared to when I let them rape you.  You’ll be left with half of your mind, and believe me, you’ll wish you didn’t even have that.  So tell me.  What are you and what do you know of us?” he growled.
“Go to hell you motherfucker!”
“I’m already there, and it seems you’re getting ready to join me.”
He clicked his fingers and one of the creatures was between her legs.  He ripped her panties off and spread her legs apart, but Liasare’s mind snapped into place, reaching for something she knew was there, yet now knowing how to access it.  He grabbed himself, intending to force himself into her when a blinding light erupted from her and threw him back, frying him in the process. 
“Well, well, well.  Aren’t you the interesting one?  What other tricks might you have for us tonight?”  He slashed his hand toward another of the creatures and he began to whip her with the chain again.  She didn’t last long before everything went to black.

***

“You were supposed to keep watch over her, Tak.  I gave you strict orders dammit!” Jurek screamed.  His face was a mask of fury as he stormed through the headquarters.
“She said she wanted to walk around the block to stretch her legs.  I didn’t think anything of it!”
“You know damn well trouble follows her around like a magnet.  I want all of Team One down here NOW!” Jurek yelled as he made his way to his quarters.
Moments later, twenty Praestani showed up, ready to search for Liasare.
“Jurek, do you not sense her anywhere?” Naroo asked, as she was part of Team One.
Jurek paced and ran his hand through his hair.  “I sense her, yes, I feel her energy, but I can’t pinpoint her source.  It’s unusual, almost as if there’s a shield blocking it.  I know that’s not possible, but that’s how I’m reading it.”  The room was vibrating with Jurek’s power.
His nerves were shot. He couldn’t ever remember feeling like this. Raw. Everything was intensified.  His senses were his enemy now. They pained him, physically, in every way.  He felt like he’d just been flayed and left bloodied and broken.  His emotions were unstable and his men looked at him like he was losing it.  That’s exactly what was happening to him. He was losing control of himself and only Liasare could bring that control back. He had to find her; there was no other option for him.
“How do you want to work this?” Ludo asked.
“I’m going out now, and I’ll search the area, sector by sector.  I’ll take Naroo and Marik.  Divide the team up into three’s and each team will do the same.  We start here and work our way out, increasing our spread as we go.  As soon as I feel something, anything, I’ll let you know and you come to me.  Clear?”

***

Liasare awakened and found herself hanging by her shackled wrists from the ceiling.  Her arms were stretched so tightly the shackles bit into her with even so much as the slightest of movement. She looked around her, trying to get the attention of someone nearby.  No one was talking; the ones who were awake all had a dazed look about them and the others looked to be unconscious.
“Pssst.  Hey, anyone.  Can any of you hear me?” she whispered.
One girl looked her way and then looked around to make sure no one was near.
“If you talk, they’ll beat you harder and longer.  So shut up,” she said harshly.
“How long have you been here?”
No one answered and everyone ignored her.  Liasare lost track of time.  Her arms had gone numb long ago and the ache in her shoulders had become almost unbearable.  She tried to move them to relieve her pain, but it only made it worse. Her mind drifted to Jurek.  She wondered if he could feel her or sense she was in pain.  Her stomach, chest, and shoulders throbbed incessantly. The only consolation was the fact that she was hanging took some of the pressure off her feet.  Otherwise, she was sure she wouldn’t have been able to bear that pain.
Something startled her, and she jerked herself awake. She must’ve dozed off, but when she realized what had awakened her, she started shaking.  The creatures came for her.  Pulling the chains, she left the floor and thought her arms were being torn from their sockets. They dragged her back to the table of torture, where they chained her again.
The hooded man was there waiting for her, his red eyes glowing.  Piercing pain gripped her head and she screamed, thrashing it back and forth.
“I thought that might get your attention.  That was a mere demonstration of what I have in store for you today.  Now, I’m going to be generous first.  I’ll ask you again.  What are you and what do you know of us?”
“I don’t know anything, I swear.  I’m human and I don’t know what you’re talking about. Please, you have to believe me,” she begged.  “If I knew anything, I’d tell you, I swear it!”
He looked at her and her head suddenly felt like it was bursting in a million pieces.  She screamed and that was when he gave his creatures the order to feast.  They fell upon her and began tearing into her flesh on her arms, shoulders, abdomen, thighs and Liasare screamed until she had a voice no longer.
“That’s enough. I said feast, not kill!” The creatures immediately stopped and left her writhing in agony.  Liasare wanted to die, more than anything.  She’d experienced pain, more than her fair share, in her life, but nothing came close to the horrific things she was dealing with now.  Her sanity was slipping away, an inch at a time; she recognized if she didn’t get out of here fast, she would go insane or die.  She hoped for death first.
“Are you ready to talk now or are you ready for more fun?”
Liasare opened her mouth to speak but only blood and air came out in a whistling hiss.  Swallowing was impossible; talking out of the question.  Her stomach felt like it was split wide open; her arms felt like acid had been poured on them.  Her vision was fading.  Is this what it felt like to die, she wondered? She always heard death wasn’t painful, so maybe her pain would end soon.
“No? Not ready then I see.”
The creatures were back again, ripping her to shreds.  Her arms and legs, everywhere on her body was open season.  They didn’t touch her neck though, so a small part of her mind recognized that they weren’t going to kill her yet.  Thankfully, darkness claimed her mind again, bringing her temporary peace.
Liasare was hanging from the chains again, only this time, her head lolled for she didn’t have the strength to hold it up.  Blood was dripping everywhere from her torn and shredded flesh.  Muscles and bones were visible on her arms and legs, but she didn’t dare look at her stomach for fear of what she would see. Even if she had been able to, she doubted she could have withstood touching herself.  She wondered if she would survive another trip to that table.  She doubted it.
Jurek, where are you?  If you can hear me, please come and get me out of here.  I can’t live through another day of this.

***

Jurek’s energy form streaked throughout the city for the next two days without stopping.  He could feel her; he knew she was near, yet he couldn’t locate her.  By this time, Team One had ruled out half of the city with Jurek’s directives.  He knew where she wasn’t.  He could feel her pulse of energy, but he began to become frantic as it started to weaken on the third day.
“We don’t have much time left.  She’s becoming very weak.”
“Jurek, I have an idea,” Naroo said.  “Can we link our power together and send out a beam, using your sense to guide it?  Maybe with the increase in strength, it can hone in on her source better.”
“I’ll try anything at this point.”  His weariness was taking over his ability to think clearly, but he knew if they didn’t find her within the next few hours, she would not survive.
Jurek summoned the team to their headquarters and that’s exactly what they did.  He felt her presence shortly after that and gave the command to follow him.
Ten Praestani arrived at an old mansion about thirty miles south of Center City.  In the basement of the house, they found Liasare, chained to a table, naked and barely alive.  Jurek’s power erupted from him and almost singlehandedly destroyed everything in the place before Naroo could get him calm enough to go to Liasare.
His heart fractured time and again when he saw her shackled to that table.  He screamed in agony when he saw the ragged and torn flesh of her beautiful body.  His body was betraying him by becoming physically ill as he looked at her. Knowing he had no time for that, he forced his nausea back and swallowed the acid that was threatening to explode from him.  Suddenly his cheeks began to feel cold and he moved his hand to touch his face.  He was surprised when his fingers touched moisture, for he never realized tears were raining from his eyes. Forcing himself to remain steady, he reined in his anguish and approached her with tenderness.
“Liasare, I’m here.  You’re going to be fine.  We’ve got you now,” he bent his head and gently rubbed his cheek against hers.  Her body was so ravaged by what had been done to her, he was afraid to touch her for fear of causing pain.
“Jurek,” she whispered. A mixture of blood and foam bubbled out of her mouth as she spoke.  Her chest rattled as she tried to breathe. “Please take me out of here.  I want to feel the sunshine warm my face one more time before I die.  Don’t let me die down here.  Please take me in the sun,” she begged, in a broken, garbled whisper he could barely hear or understand.
Wiping the blood off her lips with his fingers, he said, “I’m not going to let you die. Do you hear me?” His voice croaked and his throat was thick with fear.  Her life force was seeping out of her and he knew he didn’t have much time.
“It’s not your choice. I can’t see anything. They say dying doesn’t hurt and the pain is gone Jurek. Please get me away from this place,” she rasped, the words jumbled and so quiet Jurek had to strain to hear.
His energy popped the bindings that held her ankles and wrists, and he lifted her in his arms.  “We’re going now, but I’ll not let you die,” his gut tightened in fear for he hoped like hell he was right.
“Tak, Naroo, I need you on Lare-Stell, stat!” he yelled as he flashed them to the space station.
Chapter 23


Liasare was unconscious, lying on the table on Lare-Stell with Jurek, Naroo and Tak standing around her.
“Jurek, are you crazy?  Do you have any idea what you are about to do?”
“Stop asking such foolish questions. Of course I know. I have no other choice. If I don’t do this she will die.”
“Then let her die!”
Jurek’s eyes swam with silver and his rage was palpable.  Naroo, sensing a war was getting ready to break out, stepped in saying, “Tak, you forget yourself and your place. This is your ruler, your leader.  You overstep your bounds!”
Tak threw a nasty look at Naroo and said, “This is none of your fucking business.  I would suggest you stay out of this.”
“Excuse me! This is as much my business as it is yours.  While Jurek is your friend, he is first and foremost your ruler, and if you cannot follow his orders, get the hell out of here now!”
Jurek nodded toward Naroo and turned to Tak saying, “She’s right. If you refuse to do this, than get the fuck out of here Tak.”
“You’re making a mistake. What if she doesn’t want the responsibility?” he countered.
“It doesn’t matter. As I said, there is no choice.”
Tak stared at Jurek and at last he said, “You love her.  You’re in love with the human, aren’t you?”
“That isn’t your concern.  Will you help or not?  If not, get the fuck out of here because we are running out of time.”
Jurek looked at Naroo and asked, “Are you ready?”
She nodded.  They all looked at Tak and he said, “Yes, I’m ready.”
Two hours later, Liasare was in her old quarters on Lare-Stell, sleeping, recovering from the healing process her body had just experienced. Jurek was also sleeping as was Naroo and Tak. The healing of Liasare had taken its toll on all of them so they would need at least two days of sleep to fully recover.

***

Liasare felt strange when she opened her eyes.  It wasn’t anything she could name, she just felt different.  Her mind was fuzzy and she tried to recall what had happened.  Did she have too much to drink the night before?  Her tongue felt like sandpaper and her head hurt.  She sat up and a wave of dizziness smacked her in the face, sending her straight back to her pillow, moaning. Someone rushed to her side.
“My lady, may I assist you with something?” a musical voice asked.
“Argh, I feel terrible,” Liasare groaned.  “What happened?  My head is killing me.”
“It is the effects of the healing.”  The woman glided out of the room and returned with a cool cloth scented with herbs of some sort.  She placed it on Liasare’s forehead, and soon its effects began to drift over her.
“Ahhh, that feels so nice,” she sighed.  “May I please have something to drink?”
The woman handed her a glass of iced lemon water, which Liasare guzzled down.
“Where am I?”
“You are on Lare-Stell my lady.  My lord will be here shortly.”
“Why am I here?”
“I am not at liberty to speak my lady.  My lord will answer your questions.”
Liasare’s mind was churning with questions, but her eyes were so heavy, she drifted off to sleep again.  When she awoke later that day, she found Jurek sitting by her side.
“What the hell did I drink last night?  This is one horrible hangover.”
Jurek wiped the dampness from her forehead and gave her a half smile.  “Your memory will return in a few hours, and I’m afraid you’ll wish it hadn’t.”
She reached for his arm and laid her hand on it. “What happened?”
He looked about her tiny room, and suddenly asked, “Are you hungry?”
“Oh, no.  That bad, huh? I know your diversion tactics, Jurek.  Tell me.”
Jurek leaned forward, resting his arm on his legs. He briefly looked at her and then rubbed the back of his neck.  Her stomach was instantly filled with twisting knots.  She recognized this action of his, because it was something he did when he was troubled.  “You were held captive.  Does that ring a bell?”
Her eyes narrowed, as the wheels spun in her mind.  “Held captive? I don’t remember anything, but my head is killing me.”
He sat next to her and grabbed her hands.  He began sliding his thumbs back and forth across her knuckles. “The memories will come back Liasare, and you won’t like it.  I wish I could stop them but I can’t.  We couldn’t find you for three days.”
“Three days?  I was gone for three days?” She furrowed her brow, trying to remember.
Jurek nodded.  “I thought I was going to lose you.”  That’s when she noticed his haggard appearance.  The lines around his eyes that hadn’t been there before.  His unshaven face, his uncombed hair.  He’d always had a sort of wild look about him, but never stressed. And he looked totally frazzled now.
She sat up but was assailed by a wave of dizziness again.  She put a hand to her head and tried to steady herself.
“Whoa, what are you doing?” Jurek halted her with his hand.
“I really need to pee.  I have to get up.”
“Well, then, let me help you.”  He lifted her up and set her on her feet, but she let out a yelp and would’ve fallen if he hadn’t been holding her.
“Ahh, my feet,” she screamed.  He set her down on the bed and lifted her feet and the bottoms were a mass of black bruises.  Jurek’s anger immediately consumed him as Liasare rolled to her side, pulling her feet close to her body.
The memories rushed in then, assaulting her mind like a torrent and she began hyperventilating.  She was lost to them, back in that evil dungeon, filled with monsters as they ripped her apart.  Her eyes filled with terror and her hoarse whimpers echoed in the room as she frantically scrambled off the bed, seeking a safe place to hide.  There was none, so she ended up huddled in the corner, tucked into a tight ball, trembling.
Jurek thought his mind would shatter with the sounds she was making, pitiful sounds of abject terror.
Fuck! Her feet! How could we have overlooked her feet?  They are nothing but a mass of black and purple flesh.  The pain she must’ve endured.  And now, she’s reduced to a quivering mess, hiding in the corner, pummeled by her memories.  What did those fuckers do to her?
He gently spoke to her then, soothing words and sounds, anything just so she knew it was him.  He ran his hands along her body, her back, and arms, massaging her lightly, letting her know he would not hurt her. Then he lifted her into his arms, pressing her close to his heart, so she could feel it beating against her.  He tucked her head into his neck, wanting her to feel him and recognize his scent as it washed over her.  He sat down on her favorite perch and held her for what seemed like hours, rocking her, and using his hands to keep her calm.
The words finally came from her lips, rapidly tumbling forth; she was frantic in her urgency to release them, as if they burned her from within. “They were the dark beasts, the ones from your memory, and they ... they bit into me with their teeth. They gouged and ripped me with their claws.  They beat me with heavy chains. He wanted to know what I was and what we knew about them.  I didn’t know what he was talking about.  I begged him to stop. He didn’t believe me.  They’d chain me to a table and ...” she stopped and took a deep breath. “I’d pass out and when I’d wake up, I’d be hanging from chains, and they’d start all over again. They beat my feet. I never knew something could hurt so badly. They ate my flesh. I finally went blind.  That’s when I knew I was dying. I lost all my sensory perception too ... the pain finally stopped. I didn’t hurt anymore. He knew it too. I think he was going to let them finish me off then.  I knew it was you when you came.”  She touched his face then and put her cheek next to his, holding herself next to him there.
The terror seemed to flow out of her then, releasing her from its talons, and he felt her tension dissolving.  “I couldn’t see and I could barely hear, but I could smell you. Your scent ... I would dream about it every time I slept.”  She grabbed fistfuls of his shirt in each of her hands, closed her eyes and she drifted off to sleep, feeling safe in his arms.
Jurek was sickened by what she’d described to him. If he hadn’t already killed everything in that room, he’d be down there right now avenging Liasare for what they did to her. He’d never been so physically affected by something, the way this had torn into him, ravaging his body and tearing his heart to pieces.  If it were possible, he would have turned back the hands of time and traded places with her in a second.  As she lay in his arms, he gazed at her, his heart aching for what she’d endured.  He resolved at that moment that he would do anything for her, anything to bring her back to her happy place and make her whole again, even if he had to shelter her in his arms forever.

***

Fifteen minutes later, she awoke, screaming. Her breath was coming out in gasps, and her arms were flailing, trying to get away from the invisible creatures that were tearing her apart.
“Liasare, wake up, it’s a dream,” Jurek shouted.
“Make them stop!” she screamed.  She flew out of his arms, only to land on her bruised feet, screaming again.
“Holy fuck! Liasare, sit still for a minute and I’ll heal your feet.  Christ.”  He was so agitated; he spun around, directionless, like an out of control vehicle, destined to crash. He had never faced anything like this before; he thought he had, but this was so different from his past life.  Liasare did something to his emotions that he couldn’t explain; didn’t even dare to try.
Gaining control of his actions, he held her saying, “I’m so damn sorry. I don’t know how the hell we missed your feet when we healed you.  I don’t know how we could have possibly missed them!” His frustration was pouring out of him.
Her high keening was more than he could bear.  “Dear God, Liasare, I’m so sorry, love.  Please, please let me hold you and take this pain away,” he cried.  His eyes were filled with anguish and his gut was a boiling vat of acid, churning inside of him.
He was finally able to calm her down enough to heal her feet, but his insides were still on fire and his nerves felt like they were completely raw and getting doused with alcohol. He was burning up from the inside out.  Sweat dripped off his forehead and he wiped his face with his forearm.  Taking a deep breath to steady himself, he asked her if she felt any better.
When she nodded, he began to feel slightly relieved
“I’m so sorry.  I thought we had healed everything.  I swear I don’t know how we could have missed your poor feet.”  He couldn’t stop apologizing.
“Stop Jurek, it’s okay.  They’re fine now. What do you mean ‘we?’” she asked, sniffing, her voice shaking.
“Can we talk about this later? I think your frame of mind needs to be a bit more ... well we both need to be in a better state of mind before you hear all the details, okay?”
She nodded.  He finished healing her feet and had her stand, just to make sure they felt okay.
“Thank you Jurek.  For everything, but especially for getting me out of that hell.  I thought I would die down there.  I wanted to feel the sun on my face again.”
“Would you like to take a walk? Around Lare-Stell?”
Why did I just ask her that? What the hell was I thinking?
“Thanks, but I don’t think so.  Not right now anyway.  I would like a shower though.”
He was concerned about whether she was okay on her own. “Do you need help? I can help you, or I could get Naroo to help.”
She gave him a tiny smile.  “I think I’ve got this.”
He nodded and left to give her some privacy.
Liasare got in the shower and the first thing she did was vigorously scrub her body.  She wanted to wash the feel of those monsters off of her.  She scrubbed and scrubbed, but no matter how hard she tried, she could still feel their teeth and claws all over her skin.  She barely made it to the toilet before she violently heaved.  She brushed her teeth over and over, trying to get the taste and smell of that dungeon out of her mouth.  Then she went to the window seat at the viewing platform and watched the stars.
This became her daily routine.  She shut everyone out, including Jurek.  Not knowing how to cope with this horrid ordeal, she withdrew into herself.  Somewhere along the way, she decided she had screwed up so she blamed herself for the whole dreadful experience, and then wouldn’t talk about it to anyone.  She should have paid attention to where she was walking that day, been on closer alert for changes, instead of lost in her thoughts. Then, to make matters worse, sleep became an impossibility.  Every time she closed her eyes, the dark monsters came to take her, tearing into her body again and again with their teeth and claws, torturing her.  Her exhaustion was now clouding her mind, and making even the simplest of tasks, like eating or drinking, impossibly difficult. Curling up into a tight ball, hugging her knees to her chest, she would stare out at the stars with a vacant look in her eyes.
“How’s Brownie doing,” Tak asked Jurek one day.
“Not good.  I don’t think she’s slept since she woke up from the healing,” Jurek explained.
Tak shook his head.  “That bad, huh?  Have you tried some Praestani brandy? That might help.”
“Maybe so.  She’s all but shut me out. Maybe I’ll take her some tonight.  She hasn’t eaten much either.”
“That is bad, considering Brownie’s appetite.” Noticing Jurek’s haggard appearance, Tak commented,  “You don’t look much better yourself. Is there anything I can do?”
“I don’t think so, but if I come up with anything, I’ll let you know.”

***

“Knock, knock,” Jurek said from outside her door, before he entered.
Liasare sat curled up on her perch at the viewing platform.  Her eyes were shaded with dark purple half moons and her eyes themselves were clouded with fear.  Jurek’s heart ached to see the golden sparks in her hazel orbs had all but disappeared.
“I’ve brought you something.” Jurek held a tumbler of amber liquid out to her.  “You haven’t slept in twelve days Liasare, so I’ve brought you some Praestani brandy.  Guaranteed to help even the worst cases of insomnia,” he said with a soft smile.
She reached out a trembling hand and took the glass, spilling some of the contents as she held it.  His eyes searched her room for something in which to dab up the drops she had spilled on herself.  Spying some tissues, he grabbed a handful and started blotting up the splashes of brandy.
“Go ahead and drink it.  It’ll help you sleep.  I promise.”
She gave him a watery smile and nodded. She put the quivering glass to her lips and swallowed its contents.  Several moments later, it made a return visit as she threw it up and made a mess on the floor.
“God, I’m sorry,” she said, her voice so weak he had to strain to hear her.
“Don’t worry about it,” he said as he went to the bathroom and came back with a couple of towels, one for her to clean herself and the other for the floor.
“Come here.”  He extended his hand.  She grasped it and he escorted her to the bathroom.  He fixed up her toothbrush with toothpaste and when she was finished, he wiped her face with a cool cloth.  “Better?” he asked.  She nodded her thanks.
He took her hand and led her back to her favorite seat.  When she was curled back up on her perch, he crouched down in front of her and said, “Liasare, please talk to me.  I’m your friend; I know I act like an ass most of the time, but I promise you can trust me.  Please tell me what’s bothering you. You haven’t slept in nearly two weeks.  You hardly eat.  You can’t continue like this.  It’s taking a severe toll on you.  What is it?”  He took her hands in his and held them.
She stared at his beautiful hands and wanted to cry. All the bravery she had tried to show him over the past months vanished, and in its place was a frightened girl, one who was afraid of the dark. “I don’t want to sleep.  I can’t sleep because I’m afraid.  They come for me at night, when I close my eyes.”
Jurek rubbed his neck and asked, “Who comes for you?”
“The dark monsters.  They come and take me and it starts all over. And then I think about how I failed you, Tak, Naroo and the rest of the team. I didn’t follow orders. I fucked up, Jurek. All of this is my fault.”
He squeezed her hands and held them tightly in his. “Okay, hold on a minute.  First of all, you didn’t fuck up.  They took you and tortured you, and you survived.”  He moved his hands to her face and gently held it as he stroked her cheeks.  “Do you remember that night you and I had that argument because you said I didn’t know anything about you? I told you I chose you because I knew the most important thing about you and that was that you would die for someone you love.  I also told you that you were a warrior and I wanted you to fight by my side.  I was right. You are a warrior, the bravest warrior I know. You proved that by staying alive.  I don’t know anyone that could have done what you did.  So stop thinking you failed us because you didn’t.”
“Second,” he ran his hands through her hair, pushing it off her forehead, and asked her softly, “Why haven’t you told me about the dreams? I could have helped you with that! I can protect you while you sleep and keep the monsters away.  Oh, Liasare, don’t you know I won’t let anything hurt you?”  His eyes had lightened to the softest shade of lavender with slivers of sterling gently swirling within their depths, telling her things his words weren’t coming close to saying.
She didn’t want to believe what her heart was telling her. “Where were you when I was chained up down there? I called out to you, I screamed your name, but you didn’t come? Why did you leave me down there?  I begged you to come and get me out of there.  And you never came.” Her voice rose to a level that was edged with hysteria.
The idea that she thought he’d abandoned her tore through him like a tsunami.  His eyes, his heart, his mouth pleaded with her. “I did come Liasare!  I came for you! I searched for three days but I couldn’t find you at first. Something was interfering with your energy path. I could feel it but I couldn’t find your source.  I searched and searched and didn’t stop, not for one second, until I found you, dammit.  Don’t you even think for one fucking minute I wasn’t losing my mind, not knowing what was happening to you.  I knew you were alive, but barely.  Dammit Liasare, don’t you get it?  Don’t you understand what I’m telling you?  Do I have to strip myself bare to you?
“Oh, God, Jurek, this whole thing has fucked me up so much. I don’t know if I’ll ever be normal again.”
“When were you ever normal?  We don’t live in a normal universe anymore Liasare.  I’ve tried to tell you that.” He pushed the hair off of her face and kissed her.  “Dear gods, I was so close to losing you.  I don’t ever want to feel that way again,” he said right before he stood up and lifted her up with him.
He walked with her until her back was up against the wall and he ground himself against her until she moaned.  He tore the buttons apart on her shirt in his eagerness to feel her skin beneath in hands.  When he looked down, he sucked in his breath, for her chest and belly was nothing but a mass of raw and chafed flesh.
“What the fuck?”  His belly seized up when he saw her abraded skin.  Liasare dropped her head and pulled her shirt together.  “What’s happened to you?  Who did this to you?  Answer me, Liasare.”
“No one!” she shouted.  Then she added in a broken whisper, “I did it to myself,” her face bent in shame.
“Why?” he asked, shocked that she could hurt herself like that.
She began to sob.  “Because I wanted to cleanse my body of their nasty touch.  I wanted to wash their smell off of me. I still feel their hands, their teeth and their claws ripping into me, shredding me to pieces.  And I want to forget.  Is that so terrible?”  She covered her face with her hands.
He took her face into his hands and answered “No, it’s not terrible at all, but I hate that you’re hurting yourself because of it.  Please, don’t do it anymore.”  He placed his hands on her tummy and chest and healed the abrasions.  He lifted the sleeves to make sure there were no other places that needed healing.  Then he lifted her face and asked, “Let me help you.  I’m begging you. What can I do for you Liasare?  Tell me, please.”  He wiped the tears from her cheeks.  “Your pain, your tears pierce my spirit and soul.”
She kissed him and pulled back.  “Jurek, make love to me.  Please.  I know what you’ve always said, but erase my memories and replace them with new ones, ones that I can cherish.  Make me forget them, please.  I don’t want to beg but I will.”
He looked at her through half-closed eyes.  He released her and walked to her closet. He came out holding another button down shirt.  Tossing it to her, he said, “Put this on.  I’m taking you somewhere.”
“Where?”
“Somewhere very near and dear to my heart.  Now put this on.  But Liasare, if we do this, this won’t be a one-night stand.  A one-night stand could never be possible between us. This will be forever.  I know what you think about me and my past, and my relationships with other women.  You and I are different.  Do you understand what I’m saying to you?”
Looking into his eyes, she realized then what he was trying to tell her. That his feelings for her went far deeper than he was willing to put into words.  She put the shirt on and walked up to him, holding his face between her hands. “One night stands don’t exist in my life Jurek, never have, never will.  Do you understand me?”
“If we cross this threshold, there’s no going back, you know. Ever. You will be mine Liasare, forever, and forever is a very long time. Just so we’re clear.” He grabbed her hands as she moved to button the shirt.  Sliding his hands underneath the fabric, he lightly ran his thumbs over her breasts, eliciting a moan from her.
“I won’t want to go back, I promise,” she gasped.
He looked at her long and hard. “Put your arms around my neck then, love, we’re going for a ride.”
She did as he told her and he lifted her up, wrapping her legs around him and he flashed her to another world.
Chapter 24


The Planet Praestan

They materialized in a place Liasare couldn’t have conjured up in her wildest dreams.  Colors so vivid, she squinted her eyes against the onslaught of sensations.  Her head rested against Jurek’s shoulder, as he strode through a flower filled garden.
“Welcome home, my lord.  We didn’t expect you.”
“It’s an unplanned visit, Brinna.  I will be spending some time in the sanctuary, along with my guest, Liasare Davidson.  Please see that we have some fruit, cheese and beverages delivered right away.”  Jurek spoke as he walked, never breaking his stride.
“Yes, my lord,” Brinna answered, as she bowed.
Liasare kept her head tucked into Jurek’s neck. She was quite embarrassed, considering the manner in which he was carrying her and the way she was dressed.
“Where are we?” she whispered.
“Some place very special to me, Liasare.  You’ll soon see.”  He walked through a grove of trees and rounded a curve where she heard a waterfall in the distance.  As he continued onward, the sound of the water grew closer and Liasare craned her neck, hoping to get a glimpse.
“Don’t worry, love, I won’t deny you one of your pleasures.  I haven’t forgotten that you love waterfalls,” he said in a husky voice.
She leaned back to look at him and found he was smiling at her.  It was rare to see him smile.
“You know I’m fully capable of walking.”
“I am.  But then I’d deny myself the pleasure of feeling your lovely legs wrapped around me.”
Her body was on fire for him.  She leaned toward his mouth but he backed away saying, “Not yet.”
Her brow furrowed, but the corners of his mouth lifted yet again.  He rounded another curve and turned so Liasare could have a look at what he had intended for her to see.  She gasped at the scenic beauty.  It was not only a waterfall, but a series of them, leading into an emerald pool.  It was extraordinary.  She wanted to dive in and frolic under the spray, letting the water roll over her.  Jurek broke out into a hearty laugh.  The sound startled Liasare, for it wasn’t often he did that.
“You can play in there all you want, after you promise to sleep for me.”
“Is that the catch?”
“Yes, and I mean it, Liasare.  I won’t let you play until you sleep.”
“What about us?”
“What about us?” he asked
“I thought we were going to, you know,” she said, her face turning pink.
“Hmm, yes.  I see you still get embarrassed at the mere mention of the word sex,” he said with a grin.  “Maybe one day I’ll change that.  But to your question, yes, but not until after you sleep.  Then, I’m all yours, to do with as you please.”
Her throat suddenly thickened as desire took hold of her. Swallowing became an elusive thing, but she succeeded after several attempts.  Her nerve endings burned for him and he expected her to sleep?
“Yes, I do expect that.  In fact, I demand it.”
She stuck her tongue out at him and then gave him a perfectly obscene human gesture.  He threw back his head and laughed.

***

“Welcome to my sanctuary, Liasare.”  He put her on her feet, but not before he let her slide down his body.  Then he wrapped his hand around her nape and kissed her, long, hard and passionately, making her forget that air was a necessary part of her existence.
When he released her, she stumbled back, but he steadied her with his arm.  She looked around and sucked in her breath as her eyes widened in amazement.
She was standing in the most beautiful room she’d ever seen.  A huge platform bed was positioned in the center, while two of the walls were nothing but glass doors that opened up to terraces.  They overlooked the flower gardens and waterfalls they had recently passed through.  The views were outstanding.  There was a hanging fireplace, suspended from the ceiling in one corner and on the opposite wall was a table laden with food and drinks.  Around the corner was a gigantic bathroom equipped with a sunken bathtub in which one could most likely swim, and a separate shower that could fit a half dozen people.  Everything was decorated in white, and it was so peaceful and calming that Liasare fell in love with it immediately.
“I take it you like it here?” he asked.
She wouldn’t be able to say why she responded this way, but she said, “Yeah, quite the bachelor pad it is.  I’m sure all your ladies must love it here.”
Liasare felt her body vibrate as his anger released from him before he spoke. The room shuddered with his violence and in a blink, her body was slammed up against his. His eyes were black as her nerve endings tingled, like she was being pricked by dozens of tiny needles.
“I wouldn’t know Liasare since I’ve only ever shared this place with one lady, and I’m looking at her now.”  Liasare’s mouth formed a huge O, right before his mouth claimed hers.  His tongue forced its way inside, tasting every bit of her, leaving her begging for more. He ground his hips into her, his pants biting into the tender skin of her hips, but she didn’t care.  She wanted him now, more than ever.  She burned for him, had burned for him since the first time she laid eyes on him.  She’d dreamt about him, longed for him, thought about him constantly and now he was here, with her, and soon he would be inside of her where she had wanted him for God knows how long.
She ripped his shirt apart, tearing his buttons off, eager to have access to him.  “You just ruined my favorite shirt,” he breathed into her.
“I don’t care.  You can get another one,” she replied.  “I want you.”
“Not now. Sleep first.”  He still kissed her.  Then he took his hand and slipped it between her legs.  She could feel the energy emanating from him, as it burst from his hand, sending currents of heat racing through her veins.  It intensified, flowing through her body and centered on that one spot, until she felt she would erupt into flames.  She cried out his name when she climaxed, and threw back her head, clasping on to him tightly.
He carried her to the bed and lay down beside her, pulling her into his arms.
“Sleep, Liasare.  I promise no monsters will invade your dreams.  I’ll protect you from them and keep them at bay.  When you awaken, we’ll make love, for days on end, if that’s what you want.”
“Jurek, I ...” she stammered.
“What is it?”
“I’m sorry I made that crummy comment about this place.  It’s the most beautiful place I’ve ever seen.  Thank you for bringing me here.”  She kissed him and snuggled into the crook of his neck, inhaling his exotic scent. She drifted off to sleep for the first time in days.
The monsters came, but true to his word, Jurek was there to chase them away.  Liasare slept dream free for fourteen hours straight.  When she opened her eyes, she was staring at Jurek’s perfect chest.  Her head was in the middle of it, her arms were wrapped tightly around his torso and her legs straddled his hips.  Had she slept this way the entire night?  She was also very naked.
Lifting her head, she looked at him and found he was staring at her under heavy-lidded eyes.  She didn’t think he had ever looked so sexy.
“My clothes?” she wondered out loud.
Shaking his head, he answered, “You’ll have to ask yourself that.”
“Hmm,” she murmured as she began to stretch.
His raspy voice halted her actions. “I would ask that you please hold still for a few moments.”
Liasare was confused for a second until she realized why.  Jurek was naked, except for his boxers and her thighs caged his.  She could feel the outline of his erection directly between her legs.
She stared at him for the briefest of moments and then grinned as she began to slowly slide up and down against him.
“Liasare, what are you doing? You have to stop. I’ve been lying here for hours, with you wrapped around me.  This is going to create an embarrassing situation for both of us.”
“I hardly think so, Jurek,” she said, as she bent her head to lick his chest.  Her mouth suddenly clamped around his nipple, sucking and nipping at it.
She heard him suck in his breath, and she continued to slide up and down, doing her tortuous dance upon him.
“If you don’t stop, I can guarantee I’m going to come,” he growled, grabbing her shoulders, a part of him wanting this to continue but another part knowing he should stop her.
“Exactly,” she smiled wickedly as she ran her tongue along her lips.  It was his undoing.  He made a ragged groan in the back of his throat as he clamped his hands on her hips. She could feel the pulsing of his orgasm against her thighs, as she continued to move upon him.
“Ah, Liasare,” he moaned. “You don’t play fair,” he said, as he took her hand and kissed each of her fingers.
“Says he who’s been torturing me for months,” she retorted as she crawled off of him.
“Where do you think you’re going?” he asked, reluctant to release her hand.
“I have to tinkle. I’ll be right back.”
“Tinkle?  That’s a new one for me.  I’ll allow you that one reprieve for the day,” he smiled, a sensuous gleam in his eyes.
When she returned minutes later, he was gone.  Then she was suddenly hit from behind and startled as he grabbed her and threw her down on the bed.
He began kissing the arches of her feet, nibbling and sucking them. He worked his way up to her calves where he took his tongue and traced the curve of her perfectly shaped muscle. Moving to the inside of her leg, he scraped his teeth from her knee to the peak of her thigh, nipping and licking his way to that most sensitive spot of hers.  Liasare was writhing as he released his energy in pulses and her orgasm blew her away in a million sparks.
He left the bed for a moment, only to return with a pitcher of iced lemon water and some glasses.  When she raised her brows in question, he just grinned, gave her a scorching look, and lay back down.  Pulling a silk napkin from a bedside tray, he instructed her to lie back as he tied the scarf around her head, blindfolding her.
“What are you doing?” she asked, feeling slightly anxious.
“Patience,” he whispered.
Moving to her abdomen, he began leaving a trail of hot kisses, followed by his sizzling touch.  She gasped in shock when she felt his touch followed by the feel of ice cold water, as it dripped down her belly and ran between her thighs.
“Ah, Jurek!” she exclaimed.
He repeated the process over her chest and when he got to her breasts, instead of just kissing them, he latched on to each nipple, sucking them until they hardened into firm points.  Then she felt him put an ice cube on each one, as she sucked in her breath.  He ran the sliver of ice from her nipples down to that pink place between her legs, inserting it there, making her gasp again, but this time with pleasure.  Then he followed it with his tongue, licking and swirling, delving inside of her and bringing her to another orgasm. 
Liasare went to remove the blindfold, only to be stopped by Jurek.  “Not so fast.  I’m not through playing yet, love.”
“I want you Jurek, now!” she said as she tugged his face to hers.
He chuckled, “I don’t think so. There’s plenty of time for that.  Right now, I want to please you.”
He rolled her onto her belly and continued his sweet torture of her body.  Running his hands along her back, he dipped them between her legs, letting his energy flow into her.
“Yes,” she cried.
“Tell me what you want Liasare.”
“You. I want you Jurek.”
“Tell me where to touch you.”
“Between my legs.  Inside of me.  Everywhere.”
He pushed out his energy so everywhere he touched her, she would feel the ultimate pleasure.  He started at her neck and he lay over her, kissing her.  Moving down her back, he ran his tongue along the length of her spine.  He picked up the glass of water and poured a slow steady stream along the center of her back all the way down to the crease of her buttocks.  She couldn’t stop moaning.  The heat within her was building to an unbelievable inferno, her recent orgasm nearly forgotten.
“More, Jurek. More,” she begged.
“Oh, there’ll be much more.”
Running his hand between her legs, he spread them and cupped her sex, letting his energy flow into her.
“Oh, gawd,” she nearly flew off the bed, as she climaxed.  Her breathing was out of control, but she only had one thing on her mind now.  She tore the blindfold off and pulled him to her, “Now.  Dammit, don’t make me wait any longer.  I burn for you.”
His lips sought hers as he spread her legs and in one swift move, he pushed himself inside of her.   Liasare screamed and Jurek realized too late, that the resistance he felt was her virginity.
“Bloody hell,” he swore.
She squirmed beneath him, trying to get away from the pain he’d just inflicted upon her.
“Stop fidgeting, love, so I can take away the pain.”  He spoke to her softly yet firmly, while he held her tightly in his arms.
Her eyes were clenched shut and her fists were twisted up in the sheets.  She was panting like she’d just run a marathon, shaking her head from side to side.
“Liasare.  Look at me please,” he commanded.
She opened her eyes.
“Hold still for me, love.  I’m going to make you stop hurting, but I can’t do it unless you’re still for a second.”
She nodded and was finally still. Jurek concentrated his energy on her and within a few seconds, she felt the soothing relief.  He could feel her relax.
“Better?” he asked.  She nodded.  “Why didn’t you tell me you were a virgin?”
She closed her eyes and said, “I meant to. I really did.  But then whenever it started to come up, the subject would change and I’d forget.  And then I started to figure you’d know because, I mean, come on, remember what I looked like? What guy would have wanted to sleep with me the way I looked back then?  Gah, this is so embarrassing.  I’m probably the oldest virgin alive.”  Her face burned with heat as she remembered how awful she looked.
He held her face in his hands. “There is nothing to be embarrassed about.  Look at me, love.”  She opened her eyes and fell into the beauty of his.  “You sell yourself short. Your Shandro would have slept with you in a second.  I saw the way he looked at you. I really thought you had been lovers.  I wanted to sleep with you the moment I saw you.”  Jurek ran his thumb along her bottom lip.  It had become impossibly difficult for him to keep his fingers off her luscious mouth.
“But I saw your face when you saw my scars,” she mumbled.
“Yes, it sickened me to think how much pain you must have endured and how many surgeries you had to correct the damage.  I didn’t care about the scars.  They were on the outside.  I only cared about what was on the inside.”  He placed his hand over her heart, feeling the rhythm of it beating beneath his palm.
“But they were awful to look at.  I was awful to look at.”
“You’re exactly like your sister. You have so little self-esteem.  I’d like to kill that bitch of a woman that raised you.”
“Well, you’re right about that. She is a bitch.”
“I’m so sorry I hurt you.  Had I known you were a virgin, I would have taken it very slowly, started out by gently using only my hand, made you comfortable until you were ready for me.  I feel terrible Liasare.  I bring you here to ease your pain, and then I tear you apart like that.”
“It’s all my fault for not telling you. Can you just stop talking and move a little?”  She was beginning to feel a burning within her again.  “I still want you to ...”
“Like this?” he interrupted her.  “And this?”  He rotated his hips and slid in and out a bit, not much but enough to make her moan in pleasure.
Her breath caught in her throat at the new sensations she was experiencing. “Ah yes please ... more Jurek.  Faster.” He was happy to comply. He wrapped his arms around her and flipped them over, bringing her on top.
“What are you doing?” she asked surprised and suddenly shy. She looked down at where they were joined and her face heated up and turned as red as a tomato as she noticed the streaks of blood on her thighs and on him too.
“Don’t be timid.  Your blood is nothing to be ashamed of and you look quite ravishing right there,” he said as he ran his fingers along the place where he was inside of her. Then he began to rub that tiny sensitive spot until she moaned.  “This is why I want you on top. I want you in control.  Your moves, your pleasure. This is for you.  You control how you want this to work and find what pleases you the most. I also have access to all your pleasure points. Here, put your hands on my chest and find your rhythm, love.”  She did as he instructed and began to discover what she liked and how best to achieve the most pleasure.  Jurek watched her and had great difficulty holding himself back.  He thought she was the most amazing woman he’d ever seen and his heart twisted around her, as they loved each other.
Liasare felt timid at first, but it wasn’t long before she found her pace. Using Jurek as her anchor, she moved her pelvis back and forth, found the exact amount of pressure, the perfect angle and let loose with wild abandon.  Then Jurek touched her in the naughtiest ways and releasing his energy into her, set her off on a whirlwind of a climax.
After a bit of time, when they had both caught their breath, Jurek flipped her over and piled several pillows beneath her hips.  Slipping inside of her, he began to move again.
“Liasare, you are so lovely ... so breathtaking.”  The way he said her name sounded like a breeze whispering through the trees. His words sent chills up her spine as they resonated with her.  His exotic scent enveloped her, heightening her arousal. She turned her head to look at him and she caught her breath as she glimpsed his eyes.  Solid orbs of heated silver stared back at her under heavy lids fringed in onyx. She’d never seen anything so sexy, so hypnotic in her life.  She couldn’t have looked away had she tried.
“I could say the same for you,” she whispered back to him.
His tawny skin glowed in the early evening light, and his muscles rippled as he gripped her hips.  He bent over her and put his arm around her waist, bringing her against him, rubbing his cheek against hers.
“Come for me again Liasare.  Let me hear you moan with pleasure. I want to hear you call out my name and beg for more. It pleases me so.”  It was all she needed to push her over the edge and he was right there with her.  She could feel his length pulsating within her as he climaxed.
“Yes, Liasare, yes,” he called out to her.
When they were finally sated, they lay enfolded in each other’s arms, not wanting to move.
Jurek finally asked, “Tell me, was it everything you wished for?”
Liasare released a bubble of laughter and rolled on top of him.  “What do you think Jurek?” she asked as she nuzzled into his neck.
He lifted his head, gave her a smile and stuck his tongue between his teeth as if to say, I know I am one badass lover.
She punched him in the shoulder.
“Ouch! What was that for?”
“For holding out on me so damn long and torturing me so! And besides, I could punch you all day and you’d not feel a thing.”
He looked at her thoughtfully for a moment and said, “Punch me like that again.”
“Huh?”
“Just do it, Liasare,” he commanded.
She did as he asked, and he narrowed his eyes in consternation.
“What?” she asked.
“You’re stronger.  Much stronger.”
“Really?” she asked, smiling.
“Yeah,” he nodded.  He smiled, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes.  That should have worried her, but she pushed the thought away.  She was too blissful and she didn’t want anything killing her buzz.
“Kiss me, please,” she begged.
“You don’t ever have to ask for a kiss.  You can just take,” he said, flipping her on her back and dipping his head down to shower her with tiny kisses on her face, neck, shoulders and chest.
“Jurek, I don’t want you to go all freaky on me, but I have to say something to you.  Promise me you won’t turn dark and bust things up in here.”
“Why do I get the feeling I’m not going to like this?”
“Because you’re not the warm and fuzzy kind of guy.”
“Hmm. So?”
She fiddled with the sheet, looked at her crummy fingernails, and then quickly hid them.
“I wanted to tell you that I love you.”
“Oh, that.  Well, I know that,” he said is if he’d known it forever.
She looked at him and said, “You know that?  Is that all you’re going to say?”
“Am I supposed to say something else?”
“Yes!  I think something like, I love you too, Liasare, would be nice,” she said, sticking her lower lip out.
He gazed at her then and something shifted in his eyes, something she couldn’t quite define, but it was there nonetheless. He brushed her hair off her face and tucked a loose strand behind her ears.  “Hmm.  I suppose you would think that. I’m not an emotionally verbose kind of man.  If you want me to say those things to you, then of course I will.  I will tell you this, though.  When I found you in that dungeon, my heart bled for you as I felt it fracture into thousands of pieces.  When I saw what your body had endured, my mind nearly cracked,” he swallowed the thick burning that had quickly formed in his throat, making it impossible for him to speak. Moments passed before he was able to go on. Taking a deep breath, he continued, “When you didn’t eat or sleep for days, neither did I. I was dying on the inside, not understanding why you wouldn’t talk to me. Liasare, you hold my heart in the palm of your hand and my soul is right there with it.  They’ve been with you for quite some time, love, only I was a fool and wouldn’t admit it. I may not praise you with flowery phrases, but what I feel for you cannot be described by a single word.  That I would give everything I own for you, including my life, goes without saying. No one could ever feel for you what I do, Liasare.” He kissed her lips then and tasted the salt of her tears.
“Why don’t you ever say those things to me?” she asked as she put her forehead against his.
“Because I believe that actions speak much louder than words. I know, a very cliché saying but a truer one has never existed.  I very much intend to show you how I feel every day of our lives.  So my love, if you want me to say those words to you, I will, but I may need to be poked as a reminder every now and then, because they don’t come easy for me.”
He kissed her then and she felt something different, something entering her mind and soul.  It was fulfilling, like he was pouring himself into her, sharing a part of himself that he’d kept buried beneath layers of protected armor, not ever allowing to surface. Liasare felt it empowering her, lighting her up from within her depths. She pulled away from him, gazing into his eyes, seeing herself mirrored in them.  Understanding crashed into her, making her reel from what she now knew to be true.
“It was never fear for me if we made love. It was fear that you wouldn’t be able to disguise your true feelings, wasn’t it?”
“Partially,” he whispered.  “I knew I wouldn’t be able to prevent my love from pouring into you, but the element of power was the other concern at the time.  You were so sensitive to my touch, I feared for your safety Liasare.  But I still fear for you because of my enemies too.”
“I’m not following.”
Jurek closed his eyes and she immediately felt their connection had been severed.  He felt the same loss of feeling, for his eyes opened in surprise.  The corners of his mouth slightly curved, as he let out a faint huff.  “There is a lot I have to learn it seems.  I have so much to tell you Liasare.  Some of it you may not like, I’m afraid.”
He lifted her off of him and stood, extending his hand to her.
“Come with me.”
“Where?” she asked curiously.
“You wanted to frolic in the waterfall, didn’t you?”
“Well, yeah.  But right now?”
He laughed, “Why not?”
“Weren’t we talking?”
“We can talk anywhere.”
Okay, she knew he had a point there.  “But wait!  I don’t have any clothes,” she worried.
“Liasare, this is my sanctuary ... our sanctuary.  No one comes here unless I summon them.  You don’t need clothing anywhere here.  Ever.” He flashed her a heated sexy grin.  Her body instantly responded, flushing with heat as her heart thrummed in rhythm.
She placed her hand in his and followed him across the terrace and down the stone path to the series of waterfalls.  It was heaven for Liasare as she stepped into the cool water, letting it slide across her skin.  He pulled her beneath the shower of the first waterfall, and she laughed as the water spilled down her head, shoulders and back, sensuously kneading her muscles and relaxing her.  Jurek watched as her skin glistened with the water sluicing down her body and found it was impossible to keep from touching her.  His fingers traced the path the flow created from her neck, to her breasts, across her abdomen and hips and then followed it with his mouth, sucking and nibbling along the way.
Liasare was burning for him and even the cool spray of the waterfall couldn’t dampen the heat that had built within her.  Jurek knelt before her, trailing kisses along her abdomen, until he reached the surface of the water.  Standing, he lifted her up, settled her on his length and in one thrust he buried himself within her depths.
“Yes, Jurek,” she moaned as she pressed herself tightly against him, wrapping her legs firmly around his hips.  “I’d always wondered how it would be with you, but I never thought it could possibly be like this,” she said breathlessly.
“Neither did I.  You make the universe disappear before my very eyes.  Tell me you want me.”
“I want you,” she answered him.  “Tell me you love me.  Now, while you’re inside of me.”
“I love you, so much more than I can say,” he said.  “I need you more than anything I’ve ever known.  I never knew how much I needed you until I thought I’d lost you.  I’m half a man without you. I’m going to make you come for me now.  I want to watch you.  Please look at me. You’re so lovely when you climax.”
“Yes, please, Jurek.”  He rotated his hips and then there was that flow of energy, that current of power that surged from him into her, hitting her on that very spot, making everything separate and break apart as each nerve ending caught fire with the explosion of her orgasm.  She wasn’t sure, but she thought she might have screamed.
Jurek was definitely sure, because when she screamed his name, he cried out hers in return and followed her down that path to ecstasy.
Afterward, they floated in the pools under the waterfalls, relaxing. Liasare felt her body and soul healing in the waters.  Under Jurek’s touch she began to feel the pieces of herself knit together again, only this time not only was her body stronger, but her mind was becoming more fierce and she knew her life now had direction, something that had been missing until she met Jurek.  She still feared the unknown, and there were many questions Jurek had yet to answer, but her trust in him began to grow and take root that night, giving her faith in herself, their love for each other and their relationship.
Chapter 25


“Liasare, come with me please. Liasare.”  The voice was calling to her again.  This was becoming a frequent thing, the beautiful woman of her dreams.
“What is it now?”
“Your time is nearing.  You must be prepared.”
“For what?”
“You are the Key,” the beautiful Praestani woman said.
“Please. For God’s sake, would you just tell me what key? How am I supposed to know how to prepare if I don’t know what to prepare for?”
“Jurek will show you the way. Trust him. You must trust him.  He will not fail you.  He holds your heart within him.  Let yourself go and trust him.”
“Tell him to trust me.  He’s the one with trust issues, not me! Hey, who are you anyway?”
“Someone who cares for both you and Jurek.  Some who cares about the prophecy.”
“Okay, well, come back to me when you can tell me more.  Right now I have to go back to sleep.”
“Liasare, what are you doing?”
“I told you to come back when you can tell me what this key is.  Quit wasting my time.  I’m tired of all of this already.”
“Liasare, wake up.  What are you dreaming about?”
Liasare opened her eyes to see Jurek leaning over her.  She rubbed the sleep from her eyes and blinked several times. 
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“You were yelling in your sleep, something about a key and trust.  What were you dreaming about?”
Liasare sat up and scratched her head.  “I’ve been having this weird dream. This lady, and she has to be Praestani from her bald head and tattoos, keeps telling me I’m the key to something and I need to be prepared.  Then she tells me to trust you.”
“Christ, Liasare!” Jurek yelled as he flew out of bed and began pacing.
“Okay, what the hell is going on?  Now you’re freaking me out!”
“How long has this been going on?”
“I don’t know.  It’s happened another time I think.”
Jurek was at her side in a flash.  “No guessing. I need exacts.”
“I don’t know.  What is this?”
“What did she look like?”
“Like Naroo!”
He huffed, “Specifics, dammit.”
“Seriously, I don’t know. It was a fucking dream!  I didn’t know I was going to get interrogated over it.  She was beautiful, like all the Praestani women I’ve seen.  Bald with those lovely tattoos and those absolutely stunning eyes like yours.  What else can I tell you?”
“Was she tall, short, thin, heavy?”
“She was perfect. Tall, and slender. Someone I would kill to look like. Her face was utter perfection. It was so beautiful I wanted to touch it.  She glowed.”
“Dear gods, that was my mother.”
“What the hell are you talking about and why would I dream about your mother?” she asked, unconvinced.
“It wasn’t exactly a dream.  My mother’s dead and has been dead since shortly after my birth.  She came to you in a vision.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I know you don’t. Let me explain,” he said, rubbing the back of his neck.
Jurek told her more about himself and the Praestani’s than ever before. The Praestani race was kept secret for several reasons, some of which he’d already shared with her. But there was another one and that was because the race was beginning to die out.  The main reason for this was when a Praestani gave birth, the infants could only maintain their forms as energy, and as infants, they were at their ultimate in power, uncontrollable and dangerous.  The mothers, while wanting and needing to care for their children often faced death at the very hands of the infants they recently birthed.
Horrified by what he’d just told her, she just stared at him.  “So you’re telling me that the women of your race are killed by their own babies?  I thought the Praestani were immortal?” Liasare asked in shock.
“We are, but we can be destroyed by another Praestani.  Only we have the power to destroy each other.”
“My God, how horrific for those poor mothers.”
“It is. And now many of them opt not to have children because the mortality rate is so high for both mother and child.”
“Can the child be taught not to change forms?”
He shook his head and softly said, “Liasare, imagine teaching a newborn to read.  It would be much the same.  It’s impossible. They revert to energy because early in life it is what’s most comforting to them.  They don’t know any different.  They often starve and can’t be fed because they are in such a powerful state.  It’s why I never met my mother.  She died when I was only a day old.  She wouldn’t let me out of her arms and I destroyed her.”
Liasare looked at him and her eyes filled with tears. “Don’t shed them for me, because I survived.  Shed them for the woman who comes to you in your visions.  She never got to hold her own child, for he killed his own mother,” he said.
She walked to him until she stood before him and took his hands.  “You may have killed your mother, but you did it because you were unaware of what you were doing.  The man who stands before me would never consciously do such a thing.  I’m sorry for the tragic thing your race faces, but I can’t help but think there is an answer to change this somewhere.”
“Perhaps, but we have bigger things on our hands right now.  I think my mother is visiting you because of your role in the prophecy.”
Liasare brightened and said, “Yes, she mentioned the prophecy, but wouldn’t tell me anything about it.  I tried to press her, but she wouldn’t budge.”
Jurek squeezed her hands.  “Don’t feel bad.  She won’t tell me either.  The only thing I know is what it says and that’s not much.  And that I’m supposed to play a part.  Liasare, do you believe in Hell?”
“Yeah, I do. I visited Hell Jurek and don’t ever care to go back.”
“Not that I’m trying to belittle what you experienced, because that certainly was hell, but I mean the real Hell as in demons and all.”
“Yeah, I believe in it.  Why?”
“Because I think that’s what the prophecy is all about and I believe Hell is getting ready to break loose on the universe.”
“Oh my God!” Liasare said, tuning ashen as she began remembering something.
“What? What is it?”
“When I was in that dungeon, the man who controlled those vile creatures told me I had one last chance to tell him what I was, but I told him to go to hell.  His response was that he was already there.  Could he have been the devil?”
Jurek went back to the bed, taking Liasare with him.  “Not likely.  Lucifer would never waste his time doing the dirty work.  He’ll always send one of his flunkies to do it for him.  He wouldn’t waste his time getting his hands dirty in the messy parts.”
“Well, I think he was there on behalf of the big L then.  And there’s one other thing.”
“What’s that?”
Liasare looked at her hands as they twisted the bed sheet.
Jurek stared at her and finally asked, “Why do I get the feeling I’m not going to like what you’re about to tell me?”
“I think I have super mojo powers,” she declared as she looked at him.
He furrowed his brow and asked, “Elaborate.”  He got up and poured them both a glass of water.
She knew when he used one word demands, she was headed for a bumpy road.
“When I was in chains, the creepy guy who controlled those nasty creatures gave the order for me to be raped. One of them attempted it, but when he tried, as soon as he touched me, I fried him ... literally.  Extra crispy, Jurek. And the first time they tried to bite me, a light came over me and protected me.
Jurek stared intently at her.  “Pull it forth. Now. I want to see it.”
“I don’t know if I can.”
“Oh, yes you can and you will. You will learn to harness it and use it to the best of your ability so it can serve you, Liasare.  That’s what it’s there for, why you were gifted with it.  Do you understand?”
Liasare closed her eyes for a moment, and tried to feel it within her but there wasn’t anything she could grab onto.  She searched her mind for anything, but it felt like a blank compartment.  She shook her head.
“My power is a part of me Liasare.  I don’t seek it out; it’s there at my disposal, always waiting on me.  Treat it as such and perhaps you will see it.  Let it find you.”
Frustrated, she said in a raised voice, “But I don’t know what I’m seeking. I pulled it out when I thought I was dying.  I don’t remember how.”
“Come here,” he pulled her into his arms, on top of his lap, as he lay back amongst the pillows.  His legs and arms cocooned her as he began to talk to her.  “Lay back on me and relax. Close your eyes.”  She felt his breath fan across her cheek as he spoke softly in her ear.  “Now think back on what you saw that night ... not your surroundings, not what was happening to you.  I want you to block all of that from your mind.  Now concentrate solely on what you saw when the light came forth. From where did it emanate? What color was it? Did it erupt from a single part of your body or was it a diffusion that covered all of you?  Think about it all Liasare before you answer. Reach into the depths of your mind to remember.”
He was quiet then, letting her think about what thoughts he put in her head.
Moments went by when she answered, “The first time, it was an eerie blue light that covered my entire body. I didn’t realize what it was until they went to touch me. It was like the light burned them. They screeched in pain when they tried to touch me.  The second time it must’ve been way more intense.  When that disgusting animal tried to shove his ... his thing into me,” she shuddered and Jurek hugged himself around her, trying to shield her from those gruesome memories, “my light burst forth, but this time it was so bright, it was almost painful to look at, and it literally fried that monster.”
“Can you remember how you felt when that happened?”
“No!” she cried.  “I was so freaked by the whole situation, I wasn’t thinking properly Jurek.
Sliding his hands up and down her arms, he asked, “Liasare, do you want me to trance it out of you?”
“I don’t know what you mean.”
He shifted her slightly, took her chin, turned her head toward him and said, “Look at me, sweetheart.  You know I have the power to reach into your mind and discover what we need to know, right?  Like when I would ask you something and you wouldn’t answer, but then suddenly you’d find yourself compelled to answer me, even though you didn’t really want to?”
“Yeah, you’d hypnotize me and it would really piss me off.”
Jurek gave her a crooked smile.  “Guilty as charged, but it wasn’t hypnosis, per se, it was trancing.  I can do that now, if you’d like.  When I trance you, you’ll remember things from your subconscious.”
“Well, then do it.  If it will help me harness that power, then yes.”
He slid his hand through her hair and then ran his thumb across her bottom lip.  He couldn’t seem to keep himself from touching her beautiful mouth. He took a very deep breath, released it then said, “Liasare, it may bring unpleasant memories to the surface ... terrible things you don’t want to remember.  You’ve been to hell and back and I don’t want you to revisit that place.  I’m not keen on doing it unless you really want to. I want you to think about it love.”
Liasare chewed her lip for a moment, images running rampant through her mind. The thought of revisiting that dungeon was almost too much to think of, so she wasn’t sure if she could bear going back there in her mind.  Jurek could feel her tension as she lay in his arms.  He slid them both down in the bed and moved so she was nestled tightly against him.
“Tell you what, why don’t we both go back to sleep and talk more about this in the morning, okay?” he whispered and he rubbed tiny circles across her back.
She snuggled into him and fell asleep.
Chapter 26


“Liasare, you must come with me.  Please, I have to show you some things.”
“Please, can I sleep a little longer?”
“No, take my hand.”
Liasare kept hearing a baby crying, but couldn’t see where it was coming from.
“Who are you and where are we going?” she asked and she took the stranger’s hand.
“My name is Larensa and we are going to the other side of the stream. You’ll see.”
Liasare followed the woman, holding on to her hand, walking down a grassy hill, until they came to a bubbling brook.  As they got closer to the brook, the cries from the baby grew louder and louder.
“There’s a baby crying,” Liasare said in alarm.
“Yes, don’t be worried, it is my son and he is fine.  Come.”
Liasare followed the strange woman and knew she was Praestani by her bald head and tattoos.  She was lovely, but not nearly as beautiful as Jurek’s mother, Liasare thought.  Her tattoos were not as intricate nor were they as bold.
Larensa leaped over the brook and Liasare followed.  She stopped when she came to a bundle of blankets on the ground.  Liasare knew it was the infant she heard crying, for when Larensa reached it, the crying ceased.
“Liasare, you are bound to Alaricus and you must tell him that the prophecy stands. His mother was correct.  You are the Key to everything.  He will protect and guide you, but only you can do it.”
“I don’t understand.  The key to what? And who is Alaricus?”
“The Key to the Light and to the Dark.  And Alaricus is the one to which you have bound yourself.  You have his power now.  Look.”
Larensa pointed to the inside of Liasare’s arms and she was beginning to develop markings similar to Jurek’s.
“Dear God! What’s happening?”
“It is the power of Alaricus unfolding.”
“Who is Alaricus?
“He is your King, your Ruler, your mate.”
What was this woman saying?  She wasn’t making the least bit of sense.  Right then, the baby started crying.  Larensa bent down and picked it up.  She started cooing at it, and the crying stopped again.  Liasare was looking over Larensa’s shoulder, trying to get a peek of the little one.
Spinning around, Larensa held the infant out and asked, “Would you care to hold him?”
Liasare took him into his arms and felt a surge of power flow between them.  Larensa smiled.  “You recognize each other,” she said knowingly.
“I don’t understand,” Liasare said.
“This is little Stellan. Isn’t he beautiful?”
And he was the most beautiful baby Liasare had ever seen. But his eyes, those lovely Praestani eyes melted her on the spot.
“He likes you,” Larensa decided. Stellan giggled. “I must go now. Remember what I’ve told you. Liasare, you are the Key to the Light.  Only you.  Alaricus will guide you.”
“Wait,” Liasare called, but they faded away.
She woke up, confused by the strange dream.  She needed to examine her diet, because these strange dreams she was having were getting a bit over the top for her.  She got up and went to use the restroom.  When she was finished, she was washing her hands and something on her arms caught her eye.
Flipping on the bright light, she looked and said, “Oh, hell no!”  The insides of her arms were covered with markings, like she saw in her dreams.  They were the same as Jurek’s only lighter.  She began pacing and ran through the details of everything she’d dreamed.  Pieces of the puzzle slowly formed the greater picture, as her heart thrummed in her chest.
She walked on silent feet back to the bedroom and looked at Jurek’s sleeping form.  Backing up against the wall, she slid to the floor, and brought her knees to her chest, resting her chin on them.  Sleep was as intangible as getting Tommy back now.  So she sat there and admired Jurek, his breathing even, his thick hair falling across his eye, in all his naked magnificence. She stared at his tattoos and looked at the way they swirled in some areas, yet had angular designs in others.  Her eyes automatically drifted to the one that hugged his hip.  They were all truly astonishing works of art, and perfectly matched.  Why hadn’t she noticed this before?  Did he know about hers, she wondered?  Was he withholding this information from her? If so, why? And what else wasn’t he sharing with her? It wouldn’t be long before she had her answers.

***

Jurek stretched and immediately felt the absence of her warmth and energy. He extended his arm, thinking she had rolled to the other side of the bed.  When the only thing his hand found were the cold silk sheets, he was out of bed in one swift movement.
Liasare admired how his body moved in perfect symmetry, how it seemed to flow like water over smooth rocks, no jilted actions, but pure grace and rippling athleticism.  She became instantly aroused by simply looking at him.
“Why are you sitting on the floor like that?” he asked, gliding toward her.  Nothing about him was human, she noticed.  He oozed power and sexuality, and she felt her body respond to it, connect to it, as if she were tethered to him by some unseen cord.
When he crouched in front of her, as she knew he would, she held out her arms to him and he saw the tattoos.
“Did you know?”
“Yes,” he murmured as he bent his head to the markings and kissed them. They burned when he touched them with his lips—not a painful burn, but the kind that indicated recognition ... a sweet sensation.  His scent flared then and washed over her. She was nearly overcome by its potency, so aromatic it was.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I was going to but we did other things instead,” he said as he slowly inched his tongue up her arm.
“Stop Jurek, I can’t think when you do that. You know what kind of effect you have on me.”
“Oh, Liasare, I should hope so, because I can assure you, I am overwhelmed by you right now. Look at me. I can’t be this near you and not touch you. Please don’t deny me.”
She did look at him.  How could she not? He was truly an amazing sight when he was aroused.  And to think she did that to him, had that kind of effect on him. Her lips parted slightly in anticipation and she nodded. That was all he needed as he pulled her down on the floor and spread her legs. He slipped his fingers inside of her and she gasped as he said, “Oh, love, you’re so wet for me.” He moved his hand around, sliding it in and out and teasing her until she was almost bursting with pleasure.  Then his hand was gone and was replaced by him as he entered her, slowly, teasingly.  He was inside of her, kissing her, moving within her and she was in heaven. He slid his hands beneath her and brought her closer to him, sliding in and out of her, as she begged him to move faster.
“What do you want Liasare? Tell me now.”
“I want you Jurek, right where you are, harder and faster.”
He was only happy to accommodate her.  “Is this what you need?”
“Yes! Oh, yes.”
“Open your eyes for me Liasare. I want to look at your beauty as you come for me.  Now, Liasare.”
“Yes, ah,” she sighed, as she willingly complied with his demands.  It wasn’t but seconds later when he was right behind her, calling out her name in that rich sexy voice of his.
Liasare ran her hands through his hair and pulled his face to hers so she could kiss him.  “Will it always be this way for us?”
“I can’t say, but I’d like to think so.  I want to lay like this all day, inside of you.”
She smiled, “I think I should like that, but I need some answers from you.  Jurek, I held Stellan.”
He was so startled his breath left him in a whoosh.  She held his face between his hands.  “He’s your son isn’t he?” she whispered. He could only nod. “I knew it from his eyes.  They were so much like yours.  He was so beautiful and I felt a connection between us. That’s how I finally figured out he was yours.  I met Larensa too,” she smiled.  She watched the myriad of emotions as they played across his face.  “Did you love her then?”
Jurek closed his eyes, nodded and swallowed.  He turned away, remembering Larensa. “I thought I loved her more than anything in the universe.” Looking back at Liasare, he whispered, “Until I met you. I wandered for four hundred years, never believing anything else existed, until that day I saw you surrounded by those Xanthians and I felt something stir within me.  I’d never felt anything like it before.  Liasare, I think we are polar opposites that need to be together. When I’m near you, my power flares. I feel it within my soul.  I believe that’s why you’re part of the prophecy.”
She threaded her hands in his hair and pulled his mouth to hers, pressing her lips against his. “I know you said it doesn’t adequately describe how you feel and I agree, but I love you, Jurek.  There’s something else. Larensa also told me I was the Key to the Light.  Do you know what that means? And who’s Alaricus?”
He rolled over, careful not disengage himself from her, and moved her on top of him so he wouldn’t crush her.
He smiled as he answered, “Me.”
“What?”
“I’m Alaricus.  My full name is Alaricus Jurganus. For years I went by Alaric.  Larensa always called me Alaricus.  When she died, I stopped using the name altogether and started using Jurek.”  He took her arm and kissed her markings again.  
Liasare held Jurek’s arm and examined his tattoos.  “These aren’t tattoos, are they?”
He shook his head.  “They are the markings of a Praestani.”
“Is that why mine look like yours?”
Jurek looked away from her for a moment, and then sighed.  Rolling onto his side, he asked her, “Can we get back into bed, where it’s a bit more comfortable?”
“You’re not dodging my question are you?”
“No, I promise.  This may take awhile and I thought we might as well be some place a bit softer than on this hard floor,” he smiled.
“Okay.”
Standing, he lifted her in his arms, and carried her back to bed.  “Promise me something, Liasare.  Promise me you won’t bolt out that door when I explain things to you.”
“Okay, but you’re freaking me out.  Is it that bad?”
“Not in my eyes, but it may be in yours.”  He took her hands in his and began.  “When we got you out of that fucking dungeon, I took you straight to Lare-Stell. You were dying, Liasare.  I didn’t think I had gotten to you in time.  Naroo and Tak joined powers with mine, but it still wouldn’t have been enough to heal you. I did something I’ve never done before. I should have asked you, but obviously, it was impossible because you were unconscious and at death’s door.  I transferred some of my power to you in order for you to live. With that came immortality, but more importantly, life. I refused to let you die. Hate me if you must, but I would do it again if faced with the same circumstances.”
He was met with silence.  He hadn’t expected this.  Anger, rage, sadness, perhaps, but not silence.  He was perplexed and wasn’t sure how to deal with this.
“Please say something.”
“What would you like for me to say?  I’m confused and trying to sort this out in my mind.”  She lifted her eyes to him and he saw the consternation reflected in their depths.
“That’s a start. Are you angry?”
“No, of course not. Why would I be angry?” she asked, taking his face and pressing another kiss to his mouth.
“Because I did it without your permission.”
“Jurek, don’t be a fool.  I would have done the same, a million times over, to save you. I would do anything, and I mean anything to save you. I don’t want to exist without you, so I get why you did it.”  When she stopped talking, he was on her like a man who’d been dying of thirst and had just been given the gift of water. He kissed her like he’d never kissed her before, without reservation, spilling his love into her, filling her mind and soul with it.  She pulled away from him and furrowed her brows.  “Did you doubt how much I love you?”
His voice hoarse with emotion, he answered, “It was never your love I doubted. I was afraid that what I have done to you would scare the fuck out of you Liasare. You are now filled with the power of the Praestani.  While you’ll never have power as one born with it, you’ll be able to wield it to protect you and those around you.  But what puzzles me is that you had some of it before I even transferred mine into you.  I’m thinking that now, you’ll be even that much more powerful. Do you understand what I’m telling you?”
“Probably not.  I guess I don’t see why I should fear something that has the potential to protect me and those I care about.”  She closed her eyes for a moment, her mind churning with thoughts of what lie ahead of them.  “I believe there is a lot I need to learn. As much as I hate to say this, we need to go back to Earth, so I can kick some ass. If I have all this extra power now, I want to take down some of those motherfuckers that tried to destroy me. And then I want to figure out what this key thing is.  We have a lot of work to do and though I adore laying around making love to you all day, it isn’t going to provide us with answers, or help us get any work done.”
She looked at him when she was finished talking and he had a really stupid grin on his face.  “What?”
“Well, you’re exactly right of course. However, I won’t let you return to Earth quite yet. I want you healed in body and spirit before you do that. But damn, you turn me on!”
“Oh, no you don’t,” she squealed as she hopped out of bed and made a mad dash for the shower.  As one might expect, he was already there, body wash in hand, ready to do his duty.  It was the longest shower she had ever taken and well worth the time spent there.
The sanctuary turned out to be exactly that for her, as well as him.  She found peace and comfort there and her body healed and her mind became stronger than it had ever been.  Liasare’s mother had been cruel to her after her accident, so during her stay at the sanctuary, Jurek did his best to wash away those memories too.  By the time they were ready to return to Lare-Stell, Liasare was a new person, one whose life had love and meaning like it never had before.
Chapter 27


Lare-Stell Base

“Well, look who’s decided to show up. Where the hell have you two been?” Tak asked, without bothering to hide his irritation.
“That’s none of your damn business,” Jurek snapped.
“Excuse me?  We’re in the middle of trying to plan some sort of offensive move against an entity we know very little about, other than what Brownie here can tell us, and you two disappear to do what?  Have some kind of romantic interlude? Look at her.  She’s glowing.  Did you tell her Jurek? Does she know everything?” Tak taunted.
Liasare looked between the men, sensing an impending testosterone eruption of a volcanic magnitude, and decided to step in.
“Whoa!  Calm down you two.  First off, maybe we should have told you where we were but ...”
“Liasare, please go to my quarters, love,” Jurek said, cutting her off.
“Hey, wait a minute,” she began.
“Liasare, you misunderstand me,” Jurek said, his voice laced with menace, though she recognized it wasn’t directed toward her. “Tak has severely overstepped his bounds.  As his Liege, he has no right to question me, or you for that matter.  Please go to our quarters,” he finished, emphasizing the word ‘our.’
The second Liasare was out of sight, Jurek was on Tak like lightening.  Their energy forms streaked throughout Lare-Stell as they mentally sparred, Jurek chastising Tak for his insubordination and Tak for Jurek’s disregard of his men.
When they returned to their mass forms, they began to physically fight. They kicked and threw punches, knocking each other around and beat each other until Jurek was the victor, as they both always knew he would be.
“Don’t ever tell me what I should or should not do again.  I do what is necessary, at all times.  Liasare will always come first with me and you need to get that through your thick skull, right here, right now.  Are you quite finished?”
Tak nodded.
“Liasare and I will be back here in one hour. I expect you to be on your best behavior. Have the team assembled so we can begin to make our plans.”  Jurek flashed to his quarters.

***

“Oh my God!” Liasare exclaimed when she saw the cuts and bruises on Jurek.  She ran to him, gently touching his face.
“No worries sweetheart. It will be gone in moments. Tak wasn’t very happy about our little disappearing act.”
“I could see that.  Why wouldn’t you let me explain?”
“He is my subject, Liasare.  An explanation wasn’t necessary.”
“Whoa, what do you mean, your subject?” she asked, in confusion. 
“Sit.”
When he used that tone of voice, she knew he was getting ready to drop some kind of a bomb on her.  She plopped her bottom on the nearest chair.  He pulled another one up and faced her.
“There’s one thing I may have failed to mention,” he said sheepishly.
“Oh, boy.  This is gonna be big, isn’t it? You don’t ever sound like that unless it’s something really big.”
“Depends on how you look at it.  I’m the Lord of the Praestani,” he blurted out without preamble.
Liasare looked at him and then at her hands and then back at Jurek.  He could see the wheels spinning in her brain.
She scraped her teeth across her lower lip and then asked, “Is that why everyone is always bowing to you?”
He nodded.
She bobbed her head saying, “I always thought that was kind of weird.  So you’re what ... like royalty or something?”
He nodded again. He wouldn’t take his eyes off of her, even a second. He was gauging every tiny reaction, seeing if she was going to smile, cry, scream or bolt.
Her eyes drilled into his as she asked, “Why didn’t you tell me sooner?”
He shrugged, still not saying a word.
“How many more secrets do you have?”
“A few.”
“Are you ever going to tell me everything?”
“Some day perhaps.”
Liasare scooted forward in her chair, and took his face into her hands, holding it tenderly.  She would never stop being amazed by his power, for right before her eyes, she watched his lacerations and bruises disappearing.  She lightly touched his wounds and leaned forward briefly kissing the corner of his mouth.
“I don’t understand your reticence, but you must have your reasons.  I love you, Jurek, no matter what.  So whenever you’re ready to tell me what it is that you haven’t yet, I’ll be here, waiting.”  Then she kissed him, and not just lightly this time.  She poured everything she had into that kiss, letting him know exactly where her heart was and that it was locked inside of his body.
He stood and pulled her into his arms, lifting her so they were eye to eye.  “I was lost until I found you, Liasare.”  He carried her to the bed and they stayed there until they had five minutes to meet the team.

***

The team didn’t have much of anything.  There were no details, except what Liasare shared, and what they found when they came to get her.
“What about going to Club Down?  Have we given up on that?” Liasare asked.
“We haven’t even gone down that road since all this happened.  Maybe we need to revisit that,” Tak said.
“Not for you Liasare! There’ll be no going to Club Down for you.” Jurek looked at Liasare and his eyes were dark and his mouth had hardened into a thin line.
“Why not?  I’m more powerful than ever.  We were willing to chance it before and that was when I was weak.”
All eyes turned to Jurek.  “I’m taking zero chances where your safety is concerned.”
Liasare groaned.  “Okay, why don’t we test my power and strength then. I need to find out exactly how strong I am anyway and what it is I can do, right?”
Jurek eyed her for a moment, and then nodded, “Okay.  Get changed.”
Thirty minutes later they were assembled in the training room.  It was Liasare versus Tak.  She still had an aversion to fighting Jurek and held back for fear of injuring him. It was a mental issue with her.  Everyone thought it was comical that she didn’t have that issue with Tak.
Tak and Liasare faced each other and he went to strike her, but she threw a surge of energy at him, defending herself.  She grinned from ear to ear.
“Liasare, don’t use your energy.  I want to see your physical strength,” Jurek yelled from the side.
“Okay,” she said with skepticism. She had no doubt Tak would take great pleasure in kicking her ass, especially since he was still brooding over their disappearing act.
Tak went at her again and she put up an arm block, spun and threw a kick that knocked him flat on his ass.  He was up in a blur of motion, going at her again, but she watched his movements, exactly as he’d taught her and was ready for him.  She blocked every move and fired back with either a kick or a punch and he couldn’t get a good knock in.
Liasare finally said, “Okay Tak, you can quit holding back.  Give me everything you’ve got.”
Through gritted teeth, he snapped, “I have been giving you everything I’ve got.”
Liasare turned to stone.  “What did you say?”
“You heard me Brownie.  I haven’t been holding back a bit.  You are fucking strong!”
Jurek stood on the side with the biggest grin on his face.  She swung toward him, as if to say, “Did you hear that?”
But Tak, taking that opportunity to hit, struck her with a kick to her thigh.  The crack was heard, followed by her scream.
“Fuck!” screamed Tak.
Jurek was at her side in a flash, as was Tak for she was in pure agony. It was clear that Tak had fractured her femur. 
In moments, Jurek had healed her and when he was satisfied she was fine, he turned on Tak with a vengeance.
“Are you crazy!  She was looking at me for fuck’s sake!”
“I didn’t realize it. I was already engaging into the kick when I saw her attention was on you.  I didn’t mean it.  You have to know I wouldn’t do that to Brownie on purpose!” his voice edged with urgency.
Jurek’s hand was around Tak’s throat, lifting his body into the air and cutting off his oxygen.  Tak arms hung limply at his sides.  Jurek released him and he crashed to the floor.
“Don’t. Call. Her. Brownie,” Jurek snarled.
Liasare had risen to her feet by this time and was at Jurek’s side, letting him see she was okay.  “I’m fine.  It was an accident, a hazard of training Jurek.  And I don’t mind Tak calling me Brownie.  I’ve kind of gotten used to it.”  She wanted to defray the tension in the room.
Jurek ran his hand down her arm and nodded.  She turned and walked slowly to Tak, where he still lay on the floor.
“Tak, are you okay.”
He looked up at her and said curtly, “Yes, I’m fine, Liasare.” He rose to his feet.
“I liked it better when you called me Brownie.”
Tak looked at Jurek and he nodded stiffly.
They resumed working on Liasare’s abilities.  Not only was she strong and able to throw out energy to stop her enemies, she could also envelop herself in it, making it impossible for others to touch her.  She wasn’t able to maintain an energy form, nor could she travel as such, but Jurek was satisfied that she could protect herself if the need arose.
It was decided they would pay a visit to Club Down and Jurek reluctantly agreed Liasare would accompany them.  They didn’t have much else to go on and maybe this would open up a few more clues.

***

The Planet Earth

Two days later they were back on Earth.  Liasare had moved into Jurek’s quarters, at his suggestion, not hers.  Actually, he demanded it and refused to even let her go into her old room.  He sent Marik and Ludo in to retrieve all of her items, and had her moved in before she knew what had happened.
“Are you sure you’ll still respect me in the morning?”
He looked at her and laughed.  “Where do you come up with this crap?”
“I dunno.  I was serious though.  What if these close quarters have us hating each other in a few weeks?  You and I are both so damn hardheaded. I couldn’t bear it if that happened.”
He stood before her and placed his hands on her shoulders.  “Have you ever heard of compromising?”
“Well, yeah.”
“We’ll learn how to do it.  I won’t live without you near me.  I clearly need you by my side and I hope you feel the same.”
She nudged him with her shoulder and asked, “What do you think, Jurek?  Shall I push some of your buttons for you?  Or would you rather I do something else with your buttons?” she whispered as she dragged her tongue down the side of his neck.  Her fingers were on the front of his shirt when his hands pressed them into his chest.
“Insatiable is what you are,” he said against her mouth right before he pressed a chaste kiss to her lips.  “Unfortunately, we have to meet the team to make some plans.  But we can pick back up here later on.”  He wrapped his hands around her bottom and gave her a squeeze and tugged her out of the room.
Chapter 28


Jurek was strung as tight as a drum.  Every time he looked at Liasare, he wanted to drag her ass straight back to headquarters and lock her in their room, never letting her out again.  He tugged on his pants, adjusting himself again.  Damn her for talking him into allowing her to wear that outfit.  She looked like every man’s wet dream.
He decided it was the boots.  Those damn sexy boots.  Up to her knees, black leather stilettos almost sent him over the cliff.  Yeah, that was it.  Well, that and that strip of black leather she called a skirt.  It barely reached her pubic bone and then hardly even covered her ass.  With her belly bared for everyone to see, Jurek felt like he was going to go ape shit. Okay, maybe it was the leather bra that really did him in.  That silver studded leather choker she wore around her neck didn’t help either.  Fuck, she was so damn hot he wanted to slam her against the wall and take her right there.  He didn’t care who was looking, either. She was his and he wanted to show the world.  She whipped her head around, stared at him and ran her tongue across her lower lip. There was no way he was going to apologize to her, or anyone else, for growling.  He couldn’t help it, bottom line.  His eyes told it all to her.  And gods help him, she loved it and wanted him too!
How the hell am I going to pay attention to what’s going on around me when I can’t keep my eyes off of her?  That damn outfit of hers is driving me bat shit crazy.  I am so jonesing for her right now, I can barely think straight.
They entered Club Down and his skin lit up like lightening. By the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked this way comes.  He grinned at the little ditty.  He and his team were ready for what was in store here. Liasare was the bait and the gods knew she would reel anything in, dressed as she was.  She was to be surrounded by them constantly, either in their mass or energy form.  Even though she was strong and infused with Praestani power, and armed to the teeth with daggers in her boots, Jurek wasn’t taking any chances with his precious cargo.
Down lived up to its name except they left off the other half.  They should have called it Down and Dirty, because that’s what it was.  There was anything and everything taking place out in the open for all to see.
In the middle of the room was a huge table where several couples were engaged in all sorts of sexual activity.  Against the wall were dozens of manacles and other bondage contraptions.  Some were occupied while others eagerly awaited their next visitors.  Liasare had great difficulty hiding her shock.  Jurek slid beside her and pulled her into his embrace, lewdly groping her, intending to get her to focus on the job instead of the scenery.
Stop gawking Liasare.  You’re dressed like a pro but you’re acting like a virgin.
She looked at his full lips and kissed him them, hard, wet and lush. Then she grabbed his ass, grinding herself against him and returned his crude fondling.  Sliding herself up and down his body, she felt his response as he hardened against her.
Good girl, but perhaps a little too good.  God you’re sexy. I might have to make use of that wall over there if you don’t take it down a notch.
She smiled seductively at him and whispered in his ear, “Wait until we get home.”  Her breath fanned his neck causing a tightening in his groin that only intensified as she ran her tongue along her lips and then blew him a kiss.
He swallowed down his desire and they continued their exploration of the club heading to the bar to grab a drink.  The place was crawling with all sorts of vermin, from Xanthians to every kind of foul creature imaginable.  Liasare’s skin began to prick, like tiny icicles hitting her skin.
“Something’s going on here,” she said in Jurek’s ear.
“I agree.”
“My body’s reacting.”
“Explain.  Telepathically.”
She relayed what was happening to her.
Is it familiar to you? Have you ever felt this way before? he asked.
Yes, but only slightly.  This is seriously intense.  It’s coming from somewhere inside this place.
I’ll let the others know.  Don’t let go of my hand.  Understand?
She gave him the slightest of nods as they picked up their drinks. Right before Liasare tipped her drink to her mouth, Jurek stopped her and took it out of her hand. He brought it to his nose and slammed it down on the bar.  The bartender looked at him and stared.  Jurek tranced him and the bartender walked over.
“Did you put something in her drink?”
“Yes.”
“Who instructed you to do that?”
“I don’t know.”
Jurek looked around, but didn’t see anyone suspicious. He knew the man was telling the truth because when someone was tranced, they couldn’t lie.
“Bring the lady a beer, with nothing in it but beer.  Got it?”
The bartender complied and Jurek hit him with more questions.
“So tell me about Club Down, my friend. My lady and I enjoy a colorful lifestyle, if you get my meaning, and we want to do a bit of exploring.  What might we discover here?” Jurek asked.
“Ah, well, you’ve already seen what’s available above deck.  But down below is where the specials take place.”
“Specials?”
“Yeah.  Shows, fun and more.  Do you and your lady split up or only play together?”
“We only play together.”
“Pity, because you’ll miss out on a lot then.  Below deck you have to agree to anything and everything and that includes letting your lady go.  So, sorry friend, it’s above deck only for you then.”
“What about singles?” Jurek asked.
“You asking for yourself?”
“No, for a friend.”
“Well then, for singles, it’s open season,” he said laughing.
Jurek turned to Liasare saying, “Drink up love. We’re getting the hell out of here. I’ll let the men handle that.  They can go in their energy forms and no one will be the wiser.  I want to get you out of this disgusting hole.”
He grabbed her arm to escort her out when there was a commotion from the back of the room. A woman started screaming and Liasare took off in that direction. Jurek followed her, but lost her in the crush. The crowd swarmed toward the screamer and Liasare tried to get to her.  When she did, she realized she was witnessing a woman being raped by three men.
Her first instincts were to stop the whole process and she jumped on the back of the first man she could reach.  He yelled when her fist connected with his lower back as she kidney punched him.  He swung around, trying to bat Liasare away, but missed. She took him out with a pop to his rib cage, and an uppercut to his jaw and he flapped on the ground like a fish.
The other two men looked at her like she’d gone crazy. They lunged at her, thinking she was a mere woman, nothing more than a pesky gnat.  They couldn’t have been more wrong.
By this time, Jurek had made it to the periphery of the ring and decided to let Liasare have her day.  Across the crowd he eyed Tak and Marik and they both shook their heads. They left, in search of what they had originally come to find.
Liasare was in a face-off with two huge dudes. All her training with Tak was paying off because these losers didn’t know the first thing about true defense. She watched their eye movements and could tell what they intended, before they even moved.  They were both knocked out before they knew what hit them.
Jurek looked at his avenging angel, standing above the three unconscious men, decked out in black leather, with barely a hair out of place.  He wanted to throw back his head and howl with laughter and would have done exactly that if they’d been in another place.  But now wasn’t the time because there was a team of thugs headed her way and Liasare was their target. Not giving her time to notice a thing, he flashed them both back to headquarters and to the safety of their room.
Not expecting the ride, Liasare was a bit dizzy.
“You okay?” he asking, feeling her hands and arms for any signs of injury.  When he could find none, he relaxed.
“Yeah.  Why did we come back here?”
He explained and told her Tak and the rest of the team remained behind to see if they could find anything on the lower levels.
“That place was the ultimate in creepy. Maybe that’s why my skin felt like ice needles were sticking it everywhere.”
Rubbing her arms, he agreed, “Perhaps. There’s some bad evil shit in there Liasare. I could feel it everywhere on my energy field, scraping itself against me. We have to get to the source of this.  I have a feeling if we do, we’ll uncover a whole lot of nastiness.”
“Jurek, what if we find stuff that’s more than what we can handle.”
“We can’t think that way. If it’s beyond us, Liasare, that means, the universe is headed for destruction.” He lowered his eyes then, and drank in the sight of her.  Placing his hands on her hips, he bent his head to her neck and ran his tongue from her ear to her clavicle. Her breathing ratcheted up a few notches, followed by her heart rate. “Now, isn’t there something you said you wanted to finish when we got home?”
She regarded him provocatively and breathed, “Let me slip out of these clothes first.”
“Oh no you don’t.  I’ve been devouring you all night with my eyes, feasting on you and now I want to remove them myself, very possibly with my teeth.  You have distracted me to the point of sheer lunacy, so I think payback is only fair.”
He sent her a scorching look and that familiar current swept through Liasare, warming her belly and turning her blood into liquid flames. He discarded his clothing as she watched him with hungry eyes. Lord, that man set her on fire, she thought. Golden skin, jet black hair, along with his perfect symmetry of muscles, created perfection that she would never get enough of. Jurek lifted her and carried her to their bed.
He moved over her and rubbed himself across her body. Then his hand skated over her torso and ended at her skirt, where he unzipped and tugged it free from her body.  Next he slowly removed her bra, sliding it over her breasts, teasing her nipples and making them sting and ache for his touch. He sat back and admired her as she lay there in nothing but her studded choker, thong and stiletto boots.
“Oh, what a sight before my eyes.  Where shall I begin?  Your inner thighs, your neck, your stomach or your mouth?  I want to suck every inch of your delicious skin and taste your sweetness on my tongue.  Tell me, where shall I start?”
Liasare was nearly writhing in pleasure with the mere sound of his voice and that spicy scent of him.  Her heart hammered and she felt herself dissolving at his touch. Her brain wasn’t cooperating with her demands for her mouth to speak. The only sounds she could produce were moans.
Jurek chuckled. “Hmm, since you’re not answering, I guess that must mean anywhere I choose.”  Running his finger beneath the elastic of her thong, he twisted it and with a pop, the thing snapped right off her. He bent his head to the inside of her thigh and bit down, not hard, but enough to make her gasp.  Then he sucked her tender skin and his tongue traced intricate patterns straight up to her core, delving into her, not wasting any time. Liasare’s back arched, and Jurek’s arm slid beneath her, pulling her close, concentrating on pleasuring her. When he knew she was close, he withdrew, but she tried to pull him back down.
“Not so fast love.  You need to learn a bit of patience.”
“You’re cruel,” she panted.
“No, never cruel.  I just like to tease you a bit first.” 
He moved over her body and scraped his teeth along her hip, above her pelvis and across to her belly button, where he began his sweet, tortuous tongue tracing again.  She was writhing, fisting the sheets in her hands, and calling his name.
He moved over her and claimed her mouth, not gently, but possessively.  He sought everything she had to give, and slid up and down the length of her body, rubbing himself against her.  He ran his tongue along the length of her neck, concentrating on the beating point of her pulse, moving to the hollow of her throat. Then his journey took him to her breasts where he lightly licked them, then clamped down on each of them, bringing a gasp from her lips.
Rolling on his side, he put Liasare on hers, her back up against his chest, and entered her from behind.  Holding her tightly against him, he began to move within her, slowly at first, taking his cues from her.
“Is this okay, Liasare?  Do you like this?”
“Oh, yes.  Faster.”
He complied, and taking his hand he reached around and dipped it between her legs. He pressed down on her clit and began sliding his thumb back and forth across it, matching the rhythm of his body as he thrust into her. He kissed the back of her neck and clasped her against him.  She circled her arm around his neck, bringing him as close to her as possible.
Her breathy sighs were so erotic they were nearly his undoing. It wasn’t long before they were both shattering apart in each other’s arms.
“Is it possible to stay like this forever?” she asked.
“In my sweetest dreams.”  He turned her on her back so he could look at her.  “Tell me, did you like that?”
“You couldn’t tell?”
“I sometimes wonder when I can’t see your face. Looking at you when we make love ... the sounds you make send me reeling right over the edge. I want to see your eyes and watch those beautiful golden sparks light up when you come for me.”
“Damn, if you don’t stop talking, you’re going to have to do it again,” she said as she climbed on top of him and started kissing him.  “Are you up for a repeat?”
“Only if I can watch you on top.”
She was only too happy to grant him that wish.
Chapter 29


Liasare woke the next morning to the smell of fresh flowers.  She looked around and saw a bouquet on the pillow next to her.

Hope your dreams were as pleasant as mine...
Yours forever,
J

Next to the flowers was a box of very expensive chocolates from some far away planet and on his bed side table was a tray with a glass of iced lemon water, a glass of orange juice and another note.

Breakfast is awaiting you whenever you awaken...
Yours always,
J

Liasare drank the water first, then the orange juice and lay back down and brought the bouquet of flowers up to her face.  She shouldn’t have done that because she felt the tears streaking down her face before she could force them back.  She cursed that damn mother of hers and then Tommy.
Where the hell are you Tommy?  Why’d you have to go off and do such a stupid thing like you did?
The door opened and she was instantly cradled in his arms, being soothed by him as he pushed her hair off her face and swept her tears away.
“What’s happened?”
“Just a memory. Nothing else.”
“Will you share?”
She sniffed, “It’s one from my days back in the medical facility. You know how they say when you’re in a coma and they think you can hear? Well, you can. I heard everything my mother said. She and January would argue about me.  My mother wanted them to euthanize me. There was nothing wrong with my brain mind you.  She just didn’t want a disfigured daughter.  I heard her tell January she wouldn’t be able to stand to look at me with my disgusting skin, as she liked to call it. Later on when I was recovering, every morning Tommy would place a fresh bouquet of flowers on my pillow.  I couldn’t move my arms because they were in immobilizers. Tommy knew how much I hated the smell of that place, so he would sneak in before academy each morning and place flowers next to my face to chase away that horrible medicinal odor.  I would wake up to see lovely flowers next to me and smile.  Then, every afternoon the she-devil would walk in the door, pick up the bouquet and throw it in the trash. Just like that.  She would see the look on my face and smile.  I never could figure out why she hated me so much.  I still don’t know what I ever did to her. Anyway, this morning when I saw the flowers, it reminded me of how sweet Tommy had been.”
“I’d like to squeeze that woman’s neck.”
“Get in line.  Thanks for these.  They’re perfectly beautiful.”  She brought the flowers to her nose and inhaled their lovely fragrance.
Jurek took her face in his hand, “I didn’t mean for them to make you cry.”
“I know.  It’s just a memory.  I have a lot of crummy childhood ones, Jurek.  Hey, would you rather I called you Alaric?”
“I will answer to either.  It’s whatever you prefer. Alaric is something that would distinguish you from everyone else.  No one has called me that in quite a long time.”
“How do you feel about it?  What is your preference?”
“I quite like hearing Alaric from your lips. It signifies the importance of my rank, but I’ll let you choose.  I will say I’ve never been very fond of Alaricus though.”
“Then I won’t call you that.  I do like Alaric.  It’s very sexy, but I like Jurek too.  Hmm ... maybe I’ll call you both.”
“Would you like for me to call you Sarah?”
“Never!” she said vehemently. “She’s dead and I never want to be known as her again. Besides, I meant what I said before.  When you say, ‘Liasare,’ you make chills erupt all over my body.  Your voice sings my name to me Alaric.”
He smiled at the way she said his name. “Very well.  Come, let me fix you breakfast and we can talk with the team about what happened last night.”

***

When they entered the kitchen, all eyes turned to them.  Liasare took a seat at the table while Jurek began gathering some breakfast items for her to eat.
“So, what happened after we left,” she asked.
Tak was the first, as usual to comment.  “They weren’t happy with the three dusted piles of shit they had to drag out of the place, Brownie.  That was some kind of hurtin’ you put on them.”
“Yeah, well, they deserved it.”
All the men started laughing at her.
“Okay, I’m missing the humor here.”
“It was part of their show, Brownie,” Tak added, laughing.
“Huh? Show?”
“It’s a sex club.  They do all kinds of kinky stuff.  They were acting out a rape scene.  You wiped out their act.”
Marik and Ludo were slapping their knees and howling.  Jurek walked up with coffee, croissants and an assortment of fruit for her.  She glanced at him and he was grinning.
“You knew?”
He nodded and kept grinning.
“Well, thanks a lot, Alaric.”
The room became shrouded in silence.  Tak, Marik, and Ludo stood up so fast their chairs went flying.  Liasare thought something had happened so she flew to her feet too.  But then the oddest thing happened.  She found herself surrounded by the three men as they fell to one knee and bowed their heads.
“I give you my allegiance and protection, my lady,” they said in unison.
“Er ... okay.” She looked quickly to Jurek, unsure of what was happening, but he only smiled and nodded.
Finally, Jurek said, “You may rise.” The men rose and sat back down.  They all looked at Liasare in the same revering manner they usually reserved for Jurek.
“Why didn’t you tell me about the scene?” Liasare asked, feeling a bit uncomfortable and not understanding what had just happened.
“You just started kicking ass and by the time I reached you, you had already taken out two of the dumb asses. There was no point in telling you then.  By the time you knocked out number three, Down’s group of thugs were headed your way to take you out, so I had to get you the hell out of there,” Jurek finished.
“My lady, you sure...”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa!  What’s up with this ‘my lady’ crap?”
Marik, Ludo, and Tak all looked at Jurek and they all started laughing.
Jurek rubbed his eyes and said, “Liasare, would you care for me to explain this all to you here, in front of the men, or would you rather hear it in private?”
“Here is fine,” she said curtly.
What Jurek failed to mention to Liasare is that if she called him Alaric, it would indicate to others that he had taken her as his mate, his queen, and now she would serve by his side as his lady.
“Well, it would have been nice if you had mentioned that to me earlier,” she huffed as she elbowed him in the ribs.  She knew he felt that way; she just was a tad miffed he hadn’t informed her of it.
“So what happened after we left?” Jurek asked, wisely using the question as a diversionary tactic.
Tak, Marik, and Ludo made it below deck and they, too, felt the presence of something horrific nearby.  They never saw anything, other than all kinds of sexual activity, but knew there was something nearby. It was also disturbing that they all felt this evil presence recognized them as well. They had remained in their mass forms, which made Liasare cringe, because she knew what that meant, so she tried not to think of it. Jurek decided the four of them would return in a few days in their energy forms to seek out what they didn’t see last night.
“But I want to go too,” she protested.
“No! Absolutely not!”
“Why not?”
“My lady, we ...”
“Stop calling me that! If you can call him Jurek, you can still call me Brownie!”
Tak’s lips twitched as he looked at her.  “I think I quite like ‘my lady,’ now that I’m getting used to it.”  He did enjoy teasing her. She punched him in the shoulder as hard as she could.  “Ouch! That really hurt!”
“Good,” she said with satisfaction. Turning to Jurek she begged, “Please let me go too.”
“Liasare, you can’t.  We go in energy forms.  I won’t risk you going back in there anyway.  If they see you, they’ll chain you up and do all sorts of heinous things to you.”
“They won’t be able to touch me Jurek.”
“No! That’s my final decision and I’ll send you back to Lare-Stell if I must to keep you safe.”

***

Two nights later Jurek and his men went back to Club Down.  Liasare pouted the entire day and had tried everything she could imagine to persuade Jurek to take her with him.  He refused and things escalated to the point of a full blown fight between them. They were both so angry, they destroyed furniture, art, dishes and many other items that weren’t nailed down or permanently attached to the walls or floors.  After the men left, Liasare decided she couldn’t sit around, so she headed out for the night. She wanted to get her mind off of Jurek and the fact she couldn’t be out there with him.
She went to Cosmos, feeling it was the safest of all the clubs she’d visited.  Xanthians were there, but she didn’t fear them anymore.  Not since her brush with the death creatures anyway.  Those things brought a whole new level of fear into her mind.
Liasare’s eyes scanned the place, hunting anything that might appear unusual or out of the ordinary.  She was excited when she saw Jaylen standing at the bar, so she headed that way.
“Boy, am I glad to see you here!” Liasare yelled, over the blaring music.
“Liasare!” Jaylen threw her arms around her and hugged her.  “What’s up? Where’s your body guard?” she asked with a wink.
“He’s occupied tonight so I thought I’d sneak out. Any news?”
“Nothing worth repeating.”
The two girls chatted for a while until two men approached them and asked them to dance. Jaylen grabbed Liasare’s arm and dragged her along and they all ended up on the dance floor.
They were having a grand time until the moron Liasare was dancing with decided to start groping her.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” she shouted over the thunder of the beat of the music.
“Oh, come on, baby.  You know you want it.”
“No, I don’t.  Get your hands off of me. Now,” she seethed.
Instead of releasing her, he did the opposite and pressed himself into her.  Liasare’s power flared into him, sending him flying across the floor on his ass.  It was a good thing no one had been paying attention, for questions would have been raised.
Liasare headed straight for Jaylen and told her she needed to get out of there fast. Jaylen asked no questions, but was on her heels.  When they were out the door, she wanted to know what happened and Liasare simply explained that her Romeo had gotten too frisky and she had taught him a tiny lesson.
“So, do you want to come over and hang out?”
“No, I’d better be getting back.”
“Is everything okay between you and Jurek?”
“Yeah,” she grinned.  “We had a fight tonight, but we’re okay.”
“Have you ...?”
“Oh yeah.  We’ve ... yeah, well, it’s, um, yeah, we’re great Jaylen.” She felt her cheeks growing hot at the mere thought of him.
Jaylen tilted her head and looked at her for a long minute before saying anything.  “You’re in love with him, aren’t you?”
“That would be a big yeah,” she grinned like a schoolgirl.
“And what does Jurek think about all this?  He’s not the type to fall for a girl Liasare.”
“He has this time.”
“Are you sure, because I would hate to see you get hurt?”  Jaylen had grabbed her hands and was squeezing them.  “He’s not the type to give his heart to anyone.”
“I know.  But I own his heart Jaylen and if anyone tries to come between us or tries to hurt him, I swear I’ll kill them.”
Jaylen’s jaw dropped.  “Wow!  This is real, isn’t it?”
Liasare looked Jaylen in the eye and said, “Have you ever felt like half of you was missing? Like a part of you weren’t there?”
“Nope. I’ve never been lucky enough to care for someone that way.”
“Before I met Jurek, I never felt whole.  I always felt there was a piece of me that hadn’t quite made it, like I had been born without a crucial part of my soul or something. I think it’s because he’s carried it with him all these years.”
“Okay, double wow. I’ve never known anyone that’s ever put it that way. And with Jurek of all people.  Don’t take this the wrong way Liasare. I’ve known him for a while now and he’s quite a player.  I’ve seen dozens of women destroyed by men over the years, so I’ll reserve judgment until I see the two of you together.  When I can see his reaction to you, I’ll know for sure whether his feelings for you are true.”
Liasare hugged Jaylen and said, “I swear you won’t be disappointed in him. You’re a true friend Jaylen.  You may be surprised, but you’ll see what I’m telling you is the truth.”
The two women parted, promising to catch up with each other again soon.  Liasare walked through the darkened streets, not nearly as frightened as she used to be.  As she neared the headquarters, she began to feel a sense of unease.  That icy feeling crawled across her skin again.  Soon she recognized the evil that had surrounded her before.
She quickly scanned the area as her heart began to race. That sensation of a million ice needles pricking her skin intensified and began to get extremely painful, like fire ants stinging her body everywhere.  Voices drifted into her mind, but at first they were indistinct.
Turning her head on either side, she saw first one, then two and then a half dozen pairs of eerie green eyes staring at her.  The voices merged into one and reverberated in her brain.
“We want you.  You cannot resist us for long.  You can run, but you cannot stay away from us forever.  He can’t protect you.  You will be ours one day.”
The dark creatures surrounded her, cutting off any exit she may have.  “Join us or die.”
“Never!” she spat.  Liasare pulled her dagger from her right boot. With her left hand, she grabbed a throwing star and flung it at the dark creature in front of her, hitting him in the heart.  He emitted an ear splitting screech before he collapsed and turned into dust.  She repeated the same motion two more times, leaving three versus one.  Now it was time to use her daggers.
The creatures behind her tried to move in, but she was fast, much faster than they had anticipated.  Every time they tried to touch her, her power would erupt and send them flying.  It didn’t kill them.  Only her Praestani weapons would do that.  On she fought until the last one finally turned to dust.  When the final bits of it were blown away by the night breeze, that evil voice reverberated in her mind once again.
“We will be back, again and again.  We will take all that you love and destroy it until we have you Sarah Liana St. Davis.  You belong to us.”
“NOOOO!” she screamed into the empty sky.
Chapter 30


Jurek and his men returned in the early morning hours to find every light in the headquarters on. Liasare was sitting on the floor in the middle of the room, ashen faced, trembling and freezing cold.
Her lips were blue and when Jurek tried to get her to speak, her teeth were chattering so badly, he feared they would chip.
“Christ, Liasare, what the fuck happened?”
“I-I-I w-w-went t-t-to C-c-c-cos-s-sm-m-m-m...”
“Sshh.  Never mind.  Don’t try to speak.”
He gathered her frigid body in his arms and carried her to their room.  Stripping her clothes off and then his, he took her into the bathroom and ran the shower on hot until it filled the room with steam, then he stepped into the shower with her in his arms.  Standing beneath the spray, he let the heat warm her until he finally felt her shivering disappear.
“Now, can you tell me what happened?”
Liasare went through the process of her vile episode with the dark creatures.  She knew Jurek would be furious with her, but the voice in her mind had shaken her up so badly she didn’t care.
“He knew my name!  Oh God, Jurek, he knows me, my background.  He said he would take all that I love.  That means you!”  She started to tremble again.
Jurek’s mouth hardened and eyes grew dark.  “Liasare, no one will touch me.  It’s you I’m concerned about.  Why do you leave and put yourself in vulnerable situations like this?”
“Are you not listening to me? Forget about that! That fucking voice was in my head, Jurek.  He wasn’t there speaking to me.  He was in my fucking head! This thing, whatever it is, is powerful.  I have a feeling it sent those creatures to test my abilities.  It doesn’t give a flying fuck about their existence; they’re there to serve him.  He’s going to hurt you, or do his damnedest, just to get to me!”  Tears streaked down her cheeks as she grabbed his face, trying to get him to understand.
“Okay, okay.  I’ve got you love.  He won’t get me; not tonight anyway.  I’m here with you.”  He held her tightly to him.
“I swear to God, Alaric, if anything happens to you, I’ll destroy the universe and anything that gets in my way. And hunt down whoever hurt you.”
The way she said his name and the intensity of her voice reached into to his soul and for the first time in his life, he felt true fear … fear because he was fighting an unknown enemy who had its sights on his one true love.  “Hey, Liasare.  No talk of that.  We’ll find this thing, whatever it is, and destroy it, before it can get to any of us.”
They stood there, letting the hot water wash over them, as they held each other.

***

The evil presence in the hooded cloak was in their headquarters, beckoning for her to follow him.  He promised Jurek would not be harmed if she would come peacefully.  Liasare slipped out of bed and tiptoed on silent feet.  Someone kept screaming her name, pulling her arm, but she was afraid the evil presence would kill Jurek so she shrugged her arm loose from whoever it was.  When she neared the exit, a swirling wind and streaks of lightning infused the room, making it look like a summer storm was taking place indoors. Liasare’s hair stood on end from the static charge in the room.  In the midst of the wind and electrical activity, she finally recognized Jurek’s mother.
Standing tall with her arms spread wide and her power emanating from her, she was a fearsome sight as she screamed at the hooded being, “Get away from her! Keep your filthy hands off Liasare! You have no right to her!”
The room took on a life of its own then, filling with Praestani power.  Liasare was drawn to it, just like she was drawn to Jurek.  Her body began to tingle with the current that had become so familiar to her. The cloaked figure stared at her, its red eyes glowing, and then its ghastly mouth opened to reveal a set of blackened fangs.  “This won’t end until she is mine,” he snarled.  “She belongs to me.  You stole her and I want her back.”
Jurek’s mother spread her arms up to the sky, increasing her power as it cascaded from her, and shouted at the evil presence, “She was never yours. She has chosen her path, Abaddon. She has my protection and that of my son!”
Abaddon spat, his mouth dripping saliva, “You can’t protect her forever. She will soon be mine; you shall see.  Then we shall see how powerful you are.”
The cloaked figure disappeared and the energy faded in the room. Liasare looked to Jurek’s mother and begged, “Please give me some answers!”  But she was already fading away.
“Don’t leave!  Please don’t leave me!” she screamed.
Lights flicked on, voices were heard as Liasare fell to her knees.
“What the hell?  Liasare?  What’s going on?”
“He came for me! The voice in my head! He was here,” she kept screaming.  Jurek looked at his men, and they all shared a thought between them.  They were in for some seriously bad shit.
Jurek led her to the couch and Tak handed her a glass of brandy.  She gave them explicit details of what she had seen.
“Why do you think Lexus only shows herself in Liasare’s dreams?” Tak asked.
Jurek was now pacing and continually running his hand through his hair in frustration.  “I don’t know.  She hasn’t come to me in weeks now.  It’s as if she’s transferred everything to Liasare.”
Liasare sat on the couch clenching the glass in her hand. She clutched her arm to her stomach, pale and scared out of her wits.
“If she hadn’t come when she did, I would have followed him.  I was under his spell or something.  She saved me.”  She brought the glass to her lips, or tried to anyway.  Her hand was trembling so badly that the contents sloshed around and never quite made it to her mouth.  Tak, seeing her difficulties, gently pried the glass out of her stiff fingers and went to refill it.  He returned with a fresh one, along with a towel so she could wipe herself off.  Jurek was oblivious to her brandy issues.
“I need to get you out of here,” Jurek said to Liasare.  “It’s not safe anymore.”
Liasare was making another attempt at drinking from her glass and spilling half of it again, when Jurek noticed what was going on.  He was at her side, removing the glass and putting it to her lips, letting her sip from it.  “More please,” she begged.
“Tak, Marik, Ludo, opinions.  Now.”
“Praestan.”  All three concurred.
Liasare piped in.  “Nowhere is safe.  He’s supernatural. Do any of you know who Abaddon is?”
All heads whipped around to look at her.  Jurek was the only one who spoke. “What did you say?”  The tone of his voice sent a chill down her spine.
“Abaddon.”
“Where did you hear that?” he asked her.
“That’s the name your mother called him.  She said, ‘She has chosen her path, Abaddon,’ and I quote.”
“Oh, holy fuck!”
The men stared at each other collectively.
“Well?” Liasare wanted to know.  “Tell me because now I’m even more freaked out.”
“Abaddon is the devil, Satan, Lucifer, Apollyon, The Destroyer, or whatever else you want to call him.”
Liasare felt the blood draining from her face.  The room began to spin, voices faded and she slumped forward.
When she woke up, she was lying across Jurek’s lap with a cool cloth on her forehead.  He was holding her hand, sliding his thumb back and forth across her knuckles.  His other hand rested against her face as he passed his power into her.
“Are you back with us?”
She gave him a weak smile.  “I don’t think I’ve ever been so scared Alaric.”  She used his ruling name for emphasis, and he squeezed her hand in return.
“Nor have I.”
“That’s quite an admission coming from you, I suppose,” she said weakly.
Jurek glanced at his men before answering her.  “Liasare, I’m frightened for your safety, not mine.  Abaddon had always been after us.  It’s the Dark versus the Light.  He has always coveted our strength and power and for centuries has tried to find ways to harness it for himself.  It’s never worked before, but now I’m wondering if the prophecy has something to do with all this.  And you fit in as the key to both sides, Dark and Light.”
Liasare grabbed Jurek’s hand with both of hers, squeezing it so hard, her knuckles became white.
“Easy there, love.”
“Sorry, but if what you just told me was supposed to make me feel better, you just had an epic fail.”
“I only want you to know the truth.”
“He’s in my mind Jurek.  I’m not safe anywhere.  What worries me most is that I’m endangering all of you too.”
They looked at each other and the men came to an agreement.
“We are going to tell you everything we know about Abaddon and how he has tried to tap into Praestani power.  Then the information highway will be shut down. Do you understand?  I know this will be particularly difficult for you, but the less you know the better it will be for everyone.  Are we clear?  We’ll move you every day and you won’t know where you are until you get there.  Sometimes you won’t even know then. Liasare, I need your agreement on this because you’re going to feel like a prisoner and knowing you, you’re not going to like it.”
“Okay.  I know I may act like an asshat, but I agree.”
When they finished telling their story of Abaddon, Liasare felt like she barely knew more than before they told her anything.  Other than being the devil, Satan, or whatever, he wanted their power.  He wanted to be the top dog and was tired of taking second place to God.  He kept getting pushed back down into the world below, the realm of Hell, and he wanted to rule everything, power hungry creep that he was.
“Um, Alaric,” Liasare began, reaching for him, fisting his shirt in her hands and pulling him to her so only he could hear her, “are you like God or something?  Because if you are, I’m not so sure if you and I are ...”
“Hush.” He wrapped his arms around her.  “Look, I understand all this is freaking you out and I get that.  I am not God, nor do I pretend to be anything like Him. I make no claim such as that. I represent the Light, but not that Light.  Yes, we are the opposite of the Dark, the antithesis of that kind of evil.  But we are not God or any god for that matter.  We are powerful, very powerful beings, that have been graced with this gift and use it to control evil in the universe.  There was a time in my life I did things, terrible things, and I’ll spend the rest of my life repenting those sins.  But I don’t claim to be something I’m not.”
“What kinds of sins?”
He squeezed his eyes closed for a moment.  He knew the time was here where he would have to confess his sins to her and he was dreading that day.  He had put it off because he knew he would lose her when she learned the truth of his evil deeds. “I’ll tell you all about them someday, and then you’ll despise me for the hateful creature that I am.  For the present, I want to focus on keeping you safe.  If Abaddon wants you, he’ll be persistent, and we need to put him back in his realm.  Only then will you be safe.”
Liasare gazed into Jurek’s beautiful eyes of lavender and silver and wrapped her hands in his lovely black silken strands.  Putting her lips on his, she softly kissed him and said, “I could never despise you Alaric, no matter what you’ve done.  I love you with everything I have.  I shelter your heart within me.  You are my life, my reason for breathing.” She kissed him again.
“And I love you. I only pray you still feel that way when you learn the truth.  Let’s get you out of here.”
“I need to change first.”
“No you don’t...you’re fine.”  He bundled her in his arms and they were gone.
Chapter 31


The whole team traveled with them.  Liasare had no idea where they were.  No one told her either and she didn’t even bother to ask. She was shown to a room, quite an opulent one, with a huge inviting bed draped in white chiffon. She was so weary that she crawled in and fell fast asleep.
Her dreams were mired in horror.  Dark winged creatures, small and large with huge fangs chased her.  The grim reaper waited for her at the end of a wooded path.  Abaddon was also there, but he didn’t speak to her.  She kept asking questions about the key but no one would answer her.  She ran and ran, but the harder she ran, the slower she went. Her legs felt trapped in quick sand and the more she struggled to escape, the further she sank within its depths. She tried to cry out, but her cries became stuck in her throat.  Instead of a scream, she only ended up emitting a tiny croak.  She whimpered in frustration, wanting help, but finding none. Suddenly she found herself moving through a forest where branches tore her clothing and scratched her skin, feeling like claws ripping at her. It reminded her of the dungeon and she was instantly transported back to that chamber of horrors, screaming and thrashing, fighting every step of the way.
“NOOOO!” she cried. Her face was wet from the tears she was shedding. When the huge door scraped open, her worst nightmare came to life. Jurek was chained from the ceiling, each arm extended until his shoulders appeared as if they would snap. Abaddon was draining his power from him, while Jurek screamed in agony.
“NOOOO! PLEASE STOP! NOOOO!” Her throat was raw from her screams, as she tried to run to him. Arms banded across her abdomen and chest, dragging her away from him. She fought her captor, trying to escape to get to Jurek.
“Liasare!  Liasare wake up!”  That spicy scent came floating into her being, bringing her to her senses and waking her. Her eyes fluttered open to find herself in the corner of the room, lying in Jurek’s lap as he clutched her tightly to him.
The memory of the nightmare came crashing into her and she screamed his name and held him tightly to her, stroking his hair, his back, his arms, anywhere her hands could make contact.
“Oh, dear God, Jurek. Don’t leave me. Don’t leave my side ever.”  She touched his mouth with her fingers, not letting him speak. Running her hands all over his body, she inspected every inch of him to satisfy herself that he was unharmed.  He didn’t interrupt her or try to stop her in any way because he somehow knew she needed to do this. When she finally exhausted every section of his perfect body and realized he was fine, she exhaled and sagged for a moment within his arms.  Then, she straddled him and took his head between her hands as she kissed him passionately, letting him know he was hers.
“Hey, what’s going on?  Talk to me, love.”
“The worst nightmare ever.  He was stealing your power and you were screaming.”  She shuddered.
“It was only a dream. I’m here and I’m fine.” He massaged her back, infusing his comforting energy into her.
“He has that kind of control over me.”
“Now, but we’re going to teach you how to mind block.  Then he won’t.”
“You can do that?”
“Yes, but it takes time.  Right now I want you back in bed, in my arms, getting some sleep.”
“I don’t think ...”
“I do. Come.”   
He coaxed her back into bed and with his help she was able to fall back asleep. Jurek lay awake for hours.  He was more worried than he’d let on. Abaddon had never been this bold before. This could only mean one thing. He really thought he had a chance at getting Liasare, which was not good at all.  Being the key to either powering hell or keeping hell from becoming more powerful was a hell of a place to be.  And worse yet, how the fuck was he supposed to protect her, the love of his life, from the clutches of Abaddon, the most powerful creature other than God?  Keeping up this facade of not being afraid was going to be tough, because the truth of it was he was scared shitless.

***

The longer Liasare thought about it, the more she wondered if they could somehow trap Tommy and get him off Earth and somewhere safe.  Maybe they could deprogram that chip or do some kind of extraction and pull the data off it. There had to be some kind of connection between Abaddon and the disappearances or the army of minions. She wasn’t one to believe in coincidences.
Voicing this opinion at breakfast the next morning, everyone seemed to concur. Jurek gave Ludo the order to find out everything he could about those nanochips. In the interim, Jurek and Liasare would meet with January and Rykerian later in the week, although Liasare wasn’t aware of this.
Several hours later, Tak was attempting to teach Liasare mind blocking.
After thirty minutes, Tak groaned in frustration as he rose to his feet.  “You cannot just think it will happen and expect it to.  You have to work at it, dammit,” he yelled at her.
Liasare threw him a nasty look.  “Do you think I’m an idiot?  I thought we’d gotten way beyond that point.  I do realize that I have to work at it. It’s just that I don’t know what it is I’m supposed to do. Can you not even give me so much as a freaking hint, Tak?”
Tak let loose a long sigh.  “Imagine your mind is a large window.  It’s open for all the light to enter.  What you’re aiming to do is lower the blinds so you can block the light from entering.  Close the curtains, so you can take a nap. Is that a better metaphor?  Now close your eyes and try to picture that.”  He didn’t try to hide the sarcasm.
She closed her eyes, but she was so angry with Tak for his brusque manner and for always assuming she knew everything when she knew nothing.  Rising to her feet, she walked to where he stood.
“Why do you always deliberately go out of your way to try to make me angry?”
Liasare had taken him by surprise.  “I don’t know what you mean.”
“Of course you do. You act as if I’m omniscient, when you know damn well I know nothing about this stuff. And then you have the nerve to be pissed at me.  What’s your problem, Tak?”
“I don’t have a problem.”
She eyed him, unwilling to let it go.  Her eyes had frosted over and her nostrils flared as she unleashed her rage. “That’s bullshit and you know it.  I want to find out what it is you suddenly have against me.  I aim to find out right here and now. I’m tired of this little game you’ve been playing with me. Ever since Jurek and I came back from Praestan, you’ve acted completely different toward me and I want to know why.”
Tak turned away from her and walked to the other side of the room.
“I asked you a question and I expect an answer!” The walls reverberated from her rage. Tak spun around, a look of shock spreading across his face.
“You want to know what my problem is?  I’ll tell you. You are interfering in our lives. That’s what my problem is!” he shouted without thinking.
If he would have told her he hated her, Liasare could have handled that.  However, she hadn’t expected this and it had taken her completely off guard.  His accusation had rattled her to the core. She felt she’d been helping, or at least trying, and here he was accusing her of interfering.  The more she thought about it, the more she realized he was right.  She was preventing them from doing their jobs.  Because of her, they had to move every day, going from place to place, interrupting their operations and delaying their searches.  All because of her, because that damn Abaddon wanted her.
Shit, fuck, hell, and everything else. Why does the crap have to happen to me?  Tak’s right.  I need to go somewhere where no one can find me, so these guys can do their jobs. Unfortunately, that fucker Abaddon would find me and wreak havoc on the universe.  I am so screwed.
She dropped her head towards the floor and squeezed her eyes, trying to shut out the world around her, if only for a few seconds.  She leaned against the wall and slid to the floor, putting her chin on her knees, trying to come up with a solution.  Maybe she should just give herself to Big Bad Abaddon. Maybe that would put a stop to the disappearances and set the universe back on track.
“You don’t really think that, do you? If you give yourself to him, you supply him with the power he seeks and then we’re all fucked.”
Liasare squinted at Tak, not really wanting to discuss this with him right now.
“Our best course of action is to continue to let me teach you to effectively use mind blocking. You have to admit I have a point.”
She fidgeted with the hem of her shirt.  “You had a point about my interfering too. Not something I particularly wanted to hear, but nevertheless you stated the truth. I am in the way, but as I sit here and think about it, I can’t come up with a way to remove myself from your midst without causing greater harm to not only you, but the rest of the universe.  Quite a dilemma I would say.”
“Well then, shall we continue?”
Liasare looked up at him and wondered why he felt so strongly about her. “Is it only that Tak, or is there something else you’re not telling me? I get the feeling you really dislike me now. Is it something I’ve done? Tell me what it is so we can move forward. I don’t like what’s become of our relationship. I liked it the way it used to be, when you teased me and gave me a hard time about things.”
He turned away from her, shaking his head.  “It’s nothing other than what I’ve told you. Now are you going to try to learn this or not?” He started tapping his toe against the floor, so she knew she needed to drop it for now.  She decided she would get to the bottom of this eventually.
They worked for several hours, until Liasare complained of a headache.  She’d made zero progress, became frustrated and developed quite a nasty attitude.  Deciding a relaxing bath was in order, she headed back to her room.
After she’d bathed, she crawled up on the bed and dozed off.  Red glowing eyes greeted her, as the hooded figure beckoned to her.  The voice wasn’t in her head this time, but he gestured for her to follow him. She backed away from him, trying to push him away. Soon, he was joined by his force of dark monsters, as they tried to pull her toward them. Stretching out her arms, she directed her power at them, forcing them to retreat.
Sensing her distress, Jurek flashed to their room to find her in the midst of her nightmare.  Liasare was thrashing about the bed, so he attempted to grab her arms in order to calm her down.  Instead, she doused him with her power, sending him crashing into the wall. The racket pulled her out of her hell, and she opened her eyes to see Jurek in a heap on the floor.
Flying to his side, she screamed his name. “Jurek!  What happened?”  She ran her hands along his body, inspecting him for injury.
He started to laugh, which confused the heck out of her.
“What’s going on?  You startled me!”
Sitting up, he rubbed his shoulder and chest.  “You think you were startled?  You should’ve been in my shoes when you scorched my ass!”  Then he shared with her what happened.
“I blasted you across the room?  Wow!  I didn’t think I could overpower you.”
He looked at her in awe.  “In all my years, I’ve never felt that kind of force, Liasare.  I don’t think your power has fully developed.  I think it’s gaining strength every day.  Let me see your arms.”
She pushed back her sleeves to reveal her markings. They had become more defined and elaborate since he’d examined them last.
“Were you even aware of how your markings have changed?”
Liasare looked at them closely and added, “Not really.  I haven’t paid much attention to them.”
Jurek lifted up her shirt and pulled it off of her, revealing her upper body.  He raised her arms and noticed the markings beginning to appear down the sides of her body, stopping at her hips.  “And these?” he asked, softly tracing them with fingers.
“They weren’t there when I took a bath earlier this afternoon.  What do they mean?”
His eyes softened as he smiled and said, “Only one thing. Immense power.”
“I don’t understand.”
He bent his head to kiss her shoulder and told her, “Liasare, I wish I could tell you that I knew, but I don’t.  I only know that the more deeply colored the markings and the more profuse they are, the more powerful the Praestani.  You, my love, have more markings than anyone I’ve ever known or heard of.”
She laced her fingers with his, drew in a long breath and then released it. “I’m frightened by this and what it may mean.  Am I going to turn into some kind of freak?  Some kind of anti-Satan or something because if I am, I’m not sure I’m up to that kind of task.”
Jurek cupped her face in his hands and replied, “Look, I don’t know. I only know that for some reason, you were given a gift of awesome power.  We are going to have to figure out why and to what purpose it needs to be used.  I won’t let you make the same mistakes I made Liasare.  I refuse to let you go through life, living with regrets for sins you committed.  But you can’t let your fear of this power stop you from doing what you were put here to do.  You are a part of the prophecy, or maybe the prophecy is about you and I only play a small part. Whatever the case may be, we’re in this together. I’ll not leave your side. I told you from the start I’ll protect you and that’s a promise I plan to keep. Now I would like to extract a promise from you.”
She nodded and he continued.  “I want you to promise that you won’t let fear control your destiny.  I want you to let your power of Light guide you.  Remember that Praestani power belongs to the Light, not the Dark.  Let it guide you and don’t fear it.  It will shape you and teach you what it wants you to become.  In the meantime, I’ll try to teach you everything I can or I’ll get Tak to do it.”
Liasare pulled away from Jurek and picked up her shirt, intending to put it on, when he put his hands on her, stopping her.
“Tell me,” he demanded.
She looked at him and then back down at her shirt. “I would rather you teach me.”
His mouth pressed into a firm line.  “What happened?”
Shaking her head, she answered, “Nothing.  I just think I would get more out of it from you.”  Refusing to look at him, she picked at an imaginary speck on her shirt.
“Look at me,” he demanded.
“Can you never ask, Mr. Bossy?”
“Please?”
She was hoping to throw him off, but it didn’t work.
She lifted her eyes and he saw the conflict in them.  “Liasare, I can read your mind.  It is but a simple thing for me to do.  Please tell me.”
“No way.  You’ll be angry and then all hell will break loose and I don’t want that.”
Jurek bristled, but said nothing for a few moments.  “If that’s your preference, then I’ll be happy to teach you.”
“Good.  Can I ask you something without you getting all bent out of shape?”  Liasare wondered if she wasn’t making a mistake by this.
When he nodded, she told him how she wondered if it would be better if she were sent away from everyone, perhaps isolated somewhere, so they would be more effective in doing their jobs.
Jurek was on his feet in a blur of motion, standing in front of her, radiating fury.  “Have you lost your mind?  That’s the exact thing Abaddon wants … to get you alone, with no protection so he can trap you in Hell and steal your powers.  Then he will take over the universe. Liasare, how did you come up this crazy idea?” His mouth had hardened to a thin line and his eyes were darkened orbs fired with silver sparks.
“I thought it would be best because I feel I’m interfering with everything.”
Jurek’s fisted his hands until his knuckles were nearly bursting through his skin. “Interfering?  Interfering with what?  We need you here.  I need you here.  You’re the Key to everything.  Don’t you understand any of this yet, Liasare?  Because tell me now and I’ll spend however much time it takes to clarify things for you.”
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“Shit Liasare, you’re it! The dreams, the visions when my mother came to you.  When Larensa came to you. You’re it.  Have you ever heard of Apollyon, The Destroyer?”
“Yeah, but...”
He held out his hand, his palm facing her.  “Stop! Let me explain before you go off interrupting and getting your panties in a wad.”
“Excuse me? Tell me you did not just say that!”  Liasare was on her feet as fast as she had ever moved.  It momentarily shocked both of them, but she was so irked at him, she had a one-track mind.  “Don’t you start getting all alpha on me now.  I won’t put up with that crap.”
He got right in her face and growled, “Then we’re going to have a problem, because where you’re concerned, I’m nothing but alpha, sweetheart.”
They glared at each other, chests expanding and contracting with their heaving breaths, until finally they both backed down.
“You need to get one thing clear, Liasare.  You are mine.  I don’t share you with anyone.  I demand things from you, but when I do, it’s usually for your own good.  It’s my nature.  I rule, as will you when we return to Praestan one day.  Whether you like this or not, you agreed to this.”
“When? When did I agree to this?”
“When you became my mate.”
“Come again?” she asked, for she was sure she was mistaken.
“I told you when you agreed to be with me, before we ever crossed that threshold, that there was no going back.”
“Oh, and I was supposed to translate that to mean, ‘Liasare, if you sleep with me, you will become my mate and rule Praestan with me?’”
“Yes, dammit!”
Turning her back to him, she brought her hands to her head and rubbed her eyes. Then she gave her head a vigorous shake. Jurek gave her a puzzled look and cocked his head at that odd angle as he sometimes did.
Taking a long deep breath, she said, “Jurek, that doesn’t make any sense to me.”
“Well, it should.”
He was like arguing with a brick wall and her frustrations were skyrocketing with every second that passed.
“Well, it doesn’t.  How can that possibly make sense?  I had no idea you were even the fucking king!  For the love of God, someone help me knock some sense into this man!  Ugh!”  Liasare noticed her arms had begun to tingle so she started to rub her hands against them, and something caught the corner of her eye.  Glancing down, she realized the tips of her fingers were glowing and turning a pale shade of violet.
“Oh, holy shit!  What the hell is happening to me now?” she yelped as she extended her hands.  Long thin bolts of violet light began to shoot out from the tips of her fingers.
In a soft, calm voice, Jurek suggested, “Sweetheart, close your hands very gently.  Curl your fingers within your palms. That’s right. Don’t be afraid because it’s your power and it can’t hurt you, only others.  It won’t hurt me either, because it recognizes me.  Let’s test it.  Give me your hand, love.”
“No! I don’t want to hurt you,” she cried.
“You won’t hurt me, love.  I promise. That’s what I want to show you.  It’s my power that’s within you.  It will recognize me and will come to me if you hold out your hand.  Please Liasare.  Do this for me.”
She opened her hand and Jurek saw it quivering.  The streaks of light shot forth, almost like they were searching for something.  He held his hand out and the light headed straight for it and entered him.  As it recognized him, Jurek’s power rose from him and met Liasare’s and the two streaks joined right above his palm, where they danced and merged as one.
“Oh my God! Aren’t they beautiful?” she asked in amazement.  Their colors swirled within each of them, blue and green for him and violet and rose for her. Then the tendrils of power blended together, creating a masterpiece of indescribable beauty.
“Hold out your other hand,” Jurek told her.  She did as he asked, and the second bolt of energy shot directly toward Jurek, hovering around him, waiting for him to offer himself to it.  He finally held out his other hand and the second streak mimicked the first, doing a beautiful dance as their powers played together.
“Liasare, what do you feel?” he asked, his voice deep and husky.
“My arms tingle and it sort of tickles.”
Jurek turned his palms outward so they faced her and the power from him seemed to increase.  She sucked in her breath at the sensation it began to create in her body.  “Look at your markings now, love.”
She looked at her arms and her markings were nearly glowing.  Instead of being black, they had taken on an iridescence, picking up blue, green and violet hues, shining bright as the stars in an inky sky.
“Gods, you’re so beautiful.  This sharing of power ... we can do this sexually too.  All over our bodies, Liasare.”
“Can I kiss you?” she whispered.
His voice raw with emotion, he answered, “Since when have you had to ask for permission?”
Still joined by their power, she touched her lips to his, and their energy erupted between them as they kissed. The current soared through their bodies, leaving them desperate with need for each other.  She was naked and in his arms before she could even form the thought.
“Slowly, Liasare.  I want you to see as much as feel this.  It’s an amazing thing, much like the first time when you gave yourself to me. Everywhere our bodies meet, our power will be visible. It will waltz together, as if it has done this a thousand times before. See?”  He motioned with his eyes and when she looked to where their torsos touched, light erupted between them, making them glow.
“Alaric ...” and as soon as she said his name, his power flared all the brighter.  “Whoa!”
“It’s obvious I like when you call me that,” he smiled.  And then he said, “Liasare, I love you, with all my being.”
When the words left his lips, her energy filled the room with a brightness that nearly blinded them.
“Oops!” she laughed.  “Alaric, I love you too.  Will it always be like this, with our energy?”
“I suppose so.  As long as we live.”  He lifted her then and entered her, swiftly, without any hesitation, and their bodies became more alive than either of them ever thought possible.  The sensations coursing through their veins, their nerve endings, every cell, were astounding. Their breaths mingled as every possible inch of them pressed against each other, wanting to merge themselves as much as physically and metaphysically possible.
“Liasare, open your eyes for me.  I want you to look at me when we share our love like this.  I want you to see what happens.”  She did as he asked and was stunned by the exquisite beauty of his silver eyes and the color of their merged energy.  Moments later as they climaxed together their power emerged from their bodies, surrounding them in its rainbow of colors until finally everything receded, leaving them breathless and damp with sweat.
Still joined, Jurek walked to the bed where he lay down and placed Liasare on top of him, unwilling to release her.  She nestled her head into his neck, inhaling his spiciness, and tangled her fingers in his hair.
“I thought the first time we made love was the greatest moment of my life, but I’m going to have to move it down a notch.  This was epic, Alaric.”
Jurek shifted her so he could look at her.  Smoothing her hair back and running his thumb across her lower lip, he said, “I have to tell you a thing or two.  I will agree with you.  I have always thought that making love with you was an extremely pleasurable act. This transcended everything I have ever experienced before.  This was spectacular.  Liasare, I am deeply in love with you.”  He rolled over so he was on top of her.  “I loved you from afar at first, and then, well, you know the rest.  Today moved my soul, Liasare.  You are a part of me.  When you said my name, I could feel my energy surge from me, almost as if it wanted to hold you itself.  And I want you to call me Alaric.  It brought me such pleasure hearing my name roll off your tongue.  But perhaps, only on special occasions, or behind closed doors.  I’m afraid of what my reaction to your use of my name will be in front of others.” He laughed.
“Damn Alaric, for such a hard ass, you sure have become a softie.”
“Only where your heart is concerned, but Liasare, I can assure you there’s nothing soft about me,” he said as he started moving his hips.
She had to agree with him on that.
Chapter 32


They were naked, sitting in bed facing each other and she was going over everything he had just told her.
“So what you’re telling me is that Apollyon, or The Destroyer is Abaddon and I’m the one that’s supposed to take him out, right?”
Jurek sliced his head up and down once.
“I’m outta here.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
Liasare scraped her teeth across her bottom lip and bit it for a minute.  “Do you remember when we first met and I acted like I was all brave and everything?”
“Yes, and I thought it was so sexy of you, too.”  He reached out to caress her breast, circling it with the pad of his thumb.
“If you keep that up, I’ll never tell you my story.”
“I find I can’t be near you without touching you, Liasare.”
“I understand,” she agreed, as her hand rested on the markings on his hip. “Well, I was shaking in my boots.  Literally.  I was scared to death.  I pretty much have been since day one.  Do you remember that night Tak found me outside the warehouse?”
“How could I forget?  I was pleasantly surprised to see you again, but I didn’t want you to know that,” he confessed.  He moved his hand from her breast and began brushing the backs of his fingers across her ribs.
“I was so scared, I didn’t even have the nerve to come inside.  I had gotten chased, and I still don’t know how I lost those stinking Xanthians, but the only place I knew to run was back to you.  You scared the crap out of me too.  When I got back to the warehouse, I paced outside the door, too chicken to open it or to even knock. So I hid across the street, behind those trashcans, seriously frightened to death.  For some reason, being that close to you made me feel safe.  It was like you frightened the crap out of me, but made me feel safe at the same time.  It confused the hell out of me. Anyway, then Tak found me and hauled my ass inside and you accused me of spying.  I thought I was going to die.”
“I remember.”  He cupped her face and was sliding his thumb back and forth across her cheek.  “Your face looked as white as a sheet.”
“What I’m trying to tell you is that I’m nothing but a chicken shit. I always have been, ever since all the kids made fun of me when I was a bundle of scars.  I’ve tried to put on a brave front, but it’s nothing but a facade. Why do you think my language is so nasty?  That’s all part of my act, too. I don’t have what it takes to do this.  I’m nothing but a clump of nerves as it is, but being expected to kill Satan, or whoever the hell he is, is way out of my league.”  She clutched her hands together, trying not to look like the huge ninny she knew she was, but it was too late.  Jurek had already seen her hands trembling.
He gave her a long hard look and then asked, “Do you think I’d send you in there alone or expect you to do this by yourself?  You’ll have a team of Praestani at your disposal, including myself.  I’ll not let anything happen to you.”
“We’re talking about the anti-Christ here, Jurek.  Get real.  How strong is this dude?  We need God and his army of archangels or something like that. Not a team of Praestani.  No offense, but we’re not enough,” she argued.
“Okay.  First things first.  I need to teach you mind control. That’s our priority now.  Once you have that mastered, we can move around freely, without worrying about Mr. A showing up and trancing you into following him in your sleep.  He’s nothing but a mindfuck anyway.”
Liasare flew out of the bed and jumped up and down doing some sort of a jig.
“What the hell’s wrong with you?” Jurek wanted to know, chuckling.  “I didn’t think you liked to dance.”
“I didn’t think you had a sense of humor,” she sassed.  “I just remembered something,” she shouted as she slapped herself in the head.  “Ouch! That hurt!”  She hit herself a little too hard.
He rolled his eyes.  “So what did you remember?”
“My dream.  He came again and tried to get me, but I pushed him and the monsters away.”
“Good girl!  How’d you do it?”
So she explained in detail and concluded with finding Jurek on the floor.  He coaxed her into trying it again, but this time in her mind.  The block for her, it seemed, didn’t come in the form of a window shade.  It came as a fence or a shield.  She had to imagine pushing it out with her hands and it seemed to work that way.  They practiced for several hours, until her head started to pound.
“Tomorrow, we’ll try this with the others. We’ll see if Tak, Ludo, and Marik can get to your thoughts.  Liasare, I’m going to tell them to put you through an endurance test of the mind.  You won’t like it and your head will be throbbing at the end of each day.  We’re going to do this for at least three days.  Then I’ll bring in Naroo.  She’s an expert in mind control.  When you can block Naroo, I’ll feel comfortable in going back to the way things were, but not until then.  Okay?”
Liasare nodded, although she was not looking forward to it.

***

As promised, the next three days were torture. Tak was especially brutal. For some reason, their relationship had deteriorated to the point of open hostility. Everyone noticed it.  When Jurek questioned her about it, she shrugged it off and wouldn’t give him a clear response.  Tak did the same when Jurek questioned him.
There hadn’t been any opportunity for Liasare to question Tak, but she fully intended to find out what was going on in that mind of his. The following day, Tak, Ludo, and Marik put her through the steps again.  Her mind felt like it was stretched, pulled, torn, shredded and everything in between.  At the end of the day, she crawled into bed with a cold cloth on her pounding skull.  She didn’t even want to converse with Jurek.
He brought her a tray of food and she tried to refuse to eat.
“Liasare, I’ll force you to eat if you don’t do this on your own.  Your strength is extremely important and you can’t afford to skip any meals.  So what’s it going to be?”
She ate, albeit begrudgingly.  After the first few bites, her appetite soared and she felt so much better when she finished.  She sheepishly thanked Jurek, and actually had the decency to blush.  He grinned and preened like a silly peacock.
Two days later Naroo made her appearance. Under any other circumstance, Liasare would have been overjoyed to see her. Today, however, she was shaking like a stupid leaf flapping in the wind.  She tried not to show her nervousness, but it was no use. Tak made several snide remarks, which she chose to ignore. That was unusual, but her anxiety level was sky high and her heart was hammering so loudly, she couldn’t think clearly enough to come up with an adequate riposte.
Once Naroo began, she understood what Jurek had been talking about. She was powerful. Liasare’s mind felt raped and pillaged when they’d finished.  She was certain every secret, every emotion she had safely locked away in her box of unshared memories had been discovered by Naroo.  Her mind felt like it had been flayed, dissected and left open to bleed to death.
Liasare was an emotional wreck. She trudged to her room and didn’t even get to the bed.  She slid down the wall and sat there with her head lying on her arms, as they rested on her raised knees.  She’d never felt so battered in her life.
She didn’t hear him enter; she only smelled his presence and felt the fan of his breath as he knelt before her.  “That bad, huh?”
“Ugh, the absolute worst.”  She didn’t even move her head.
“What can I do for you?  Can I run you a bath? Bring you some wine? Or some brandy perhaps?”
“A bath, some wine and you, please.”
“Anything to please you.”
A few minutes later, he lifted her up and carried her into the bathroom. Stripping off her clothes, and then his, he sat her in the large tub in front of him between his legs and let her lay back against him.  Handing her a glass of wine, she relaxed as he massaged her neck and head.
“Mmm.  That feels so good.  Thanks for taking such good care of me.”
“I aim to please.  Besides, Naroo put you through hell today.  I’m sorry it was so horrible.  I couldn’t bear to watch.  I know you weren’t aware of it but I was only in there for a short period of time.  I could feel your anguish tearing at me.  Liasare, she couldn’t get through.”
That brought Liasare out of her exhausted stupor and she sat up so quickly, she knocked Jurek’s wine out of his hand that he was about to raise to his lips.
“What did you say?” she asked, twirling around to face him.
He beamed and said, “I think you heard me. Naroo couldn’t get in. Even when she had you at your worst, when you were so drained, she couldn’t breach your shield. She told me she was extremely impressed.”
“You’re not screwing around with me are you?”
“Not yet, but I’d like to be shortly,” he said smirking.
“Jurek!” she splashed him.  “I’m serious!”
“I am too, on both accounts.  She couldn’t get through your shields Liasare.  You’re good; actually, you’re epic. I trust her abilities more than anyone’s.  If Naroo thinks you’re good, I think you’re good.”
Liasare just stared at him.
“You doubt my words?” he asked incredulously.
“Oh, please.  Don’t go all kingly on me here. I’m surprised because I totally felt like Naroo shredded my mind, chewed it up into tiny pieces and spit it back out at me.  I could barely walk back here and honestly, I don’t know how I made it. I was positive she’d uncovered my deepest darkest secrets and it was killing me.”
He cocked his head at that odd angle and narrowed his eyes.  “What kind of deep dark secrets might you have?”
She squiggled around so her back was facing him again and his arms snatched her and spun her back to where she was.
“Oh, no you don’t. Spill it Liasare.”
“Most of them you know Jurek.  They’re things that are of no consequence, things I don’t care to talk about.  Unhappy memories, that sort of thing.”
He let out a long breath.  “I don’t like the fact that you have unhappy memories.  Why won’t you tell me about them?”
“Because they’re a part of Sarah St. Davis who is no more.  I want a life filled with better memories with you.  Richer memories.  That’s why I want to be Liasare from now on. And besides, you know the worst ones anyway.”
“Come here,” he said, pulling her into his lap.  “I hope to make a lot of great memories with you Liasare Davidson, mate of Alaric Herdekian.  There’s something I’d like to ask you.”
“Yeah, what is it?”
“I know on Vesturon, wedding ceremonies are important, so I was wondering if you would like to have one?”
“Are you asking me to marry you?”
“I suppose I am.”
“But according to your laws, or whatever, aren’t we considered married already?”
“Well, yes, but ...”
“Then that’s good enough for me.”
Jurek looked at Liasare as she looked at her hands beneath the surface of the water.  He wasn’t really buying it, but he’d let her have this say for now.
“If you’re sure about that, but I would love to do it your way as well.”
“No, I’m good.”  He nodded, but he couldn’t help feeling disappointed either.
Chapter 33


The Planet Praestan

They were back on Praestan. Liasare thought it unwise for them to go to Vesturon. She decided she would take no chances where her nieces’ and nephews’ safety were concerned.
They went directly to Jurek’s home this time and not the sanctuary.  Liasare was in awe; his home was magnificent. 
“A little warning would have been nice.”  She looked around at the stunning views from every window.  They were standing in the private living area that was right off their bedroom.  It was a large room filled with furniture that was nothing but wide flat bench like sofas filled with tons of cushions.  The floors were made of smooth stone and there were water features built into one on the walls.  The room was soft, the lighting, the furniture, everything about it oozed comfort and softness.  Liasare fell in love with it at first sight.
Jurek watched her every expression and smiled every time she saw something new.  The icing on the cake was when he showed her their bedroom suite.  Every bit as grand as the sanctuary, Liasare gasped when she entered the room.  It was lush, soft and extravagant. Silken bed linens, plush carpeting, gorgeous paintings and wonderful views combined to create a perfect place to nest.  The bathroom was exactly like the one in the sanctuary and Liasare was eager to use the shower and bathtub.  She grinned at Jurek when she saw it.
When she walked in the huge closet, she was astonished to see stacks and rows of clothing for her.  Jurek smiled and shrugged when she opened her mouth to speak.
“You needed clothing so I took the liberty of taking care of that small task. Are you tired, hungry?  Can I get you anything? I need to attend to some things before Rykerian and January arrive later this afternoon.”
“No, I’ll take a short nap and maybe read a little. Go ahead and do what you need to do.”
They kissed and he was gone.
Liasare sat on one of the comfy sofas and started thinking about the beautiful series of waterfalls and pools of sparkling emerald green water she and Jurek had dipped in when they had been here last.  Those waterfalls she loved so much were simply amazing and she wished she knew the way there so she could check them out again.  The next thing she knew, she was standing next to them.
“Damn! Now how the hell did I do that?  Where am I and how am I going to get back?” she said out loud.  She threw her hands up in the air and started pacing.
“Jurek!  Jurek!” she screamed.  And then she yelled, “Alaric!”
She heard a popping noise and she flew in his arms.  She was trembling and having a total freak out.  Her heart was in her throat and her palms had turned to sweat. “Oh, thank God you’re here.”
“Calm down.  It’s okay, love.  You just transported yourself here.  You’ve advanced another degree,” he laughed.
“Holy shit!  Someone needs to give me a fucking manual because this is making me mental, I’m telling you.”
Jurek laughed even harder.  “Damn Liasare, you do have a way with words, but I would prefer less colorful language coming from that beautiful mouth. In fact, I would prefer this instead.” He proceeded to kiss her, passionately, making her forget everything but his demanding lips, velvety tongue and sinful taste.
When he eventually ended the kiss, she felt like he’d stolen some valuable treasure from her.  Sensing her loss, he breathed, “It’s only temporary, Liasare.  There’s always more where that came from.”
“Hmm, I guess I’ll always feel like that when you end a kiss.  They’re like heaven to me,” she smiled as she traced his brows with her thumbs.  “I was serious about the manual, Jurek.  This really is driving me nuts. One minute my butt is sitting on the sofa and the next I’m standing by the waterfalls wondering how the hell I got here!  This is making me psycho!”
“I get it. Listen, now that we know you can do this, which is epically impressive by the way, what you need to do is never wish you were somewhere. That’s the trick, love. When you think about it and wish it, that’s the key to shifting into your energy form and traveling there.”
“Like I’m gonna remember all this stuff.  I don’t know how you do it.”
He pulled her into his arms and laughed again.  “I’ve had five hundred years to practice.”
“Oh, well gee, that makes me feel so much better.  So by the year 2530, I should be pretty much set then, right?”
“No promises here,” he smirked.  He was making fun of her so she drew back and punched him in the shoulder.  “Damn, Liasare.  That hurt!”
“Serves you right for poking fun.”
“Yeah, speaking of poking.”
“You have a one track mind buddy.”
“What’s your point?”
She rolled her eyes.  “Okay, I’m going to try this thing and hopefully get us back to the house.  Hold my hand just in case.”
She concentrated on wanting to be back there and wishing she was there, but somehow they ended up in a broom closet.

***

Jurek and Liasare were standing in one of the many living areas.  He had given her the grand tour of his home, which was more like a mansion, and she decided it would take days before she had this place figured out. They had wandered through room after room filled with beautiful artwork, gorgeous furnishings, priceless artifacts and so many other things Liasare couldn’t wrap her brain around them all.  Her mind was addled with everything that was Jurek and he eventually pulled her aside and calmed her, assuring her these things were meaningless compared to her.  At some point, she came to terms with what it meant to be Jurek’s mate.
January and Rykerian were shown in a few minutes later.  Liasare still was angry with them for the way they handled the Tommy issue.  What she hadn’t expected was their reaction to her appearance.  She hadn’t noticed much of a change, other than the absence of her scars.  Jurek told her constantly how beautiful she was, but she just thought it was because he was emotionally tied to her.  Apparently her physical appearance had undergone quite an alteration.
“Sarah? Oh my God! I’m not sure I would have recognized you,” January gushed as she moved to embrace her. “What happened to your scars?  My God, you were beautiful before, but now you’re, you’re perfect!”
“I’m sorry January, but if you call me Sarah, one more time, I’m going to beat you. And Rykerian, take that look off your face because I’ll beat you, too.  That girl you once knew is gone.  My name is Liasare and I would ask you to remember that.”
Jurek stepped to Liasare’s side saying, “She means business, too.”  Then he gave January a hug.  “To answer your question, I took her scars away for her.”
“I wasn’t even aware you were capable of doing that.” January gave them both a very long intense look.  “Are you two together, as in ...?”
“Yes,” they both answered together.  Jurek went on to say, “She is the queen of the manor and my mate.”
January narrowed her eyes at Jurek, staring at him for a long moment. “You know I love you as a brother.  I also know you well Jurek and know how you are with the women.”
“January, Liasare has my heart and soul.  I used to question why Rykerian acted like a lovesick fool around you, but now I know the answer.  Put your fears to rest where she’s concerned.”
“If you ever hurt her, I’ll ...”
Liasare interrupted her by saying, “Don’t worry January, if he ever hurts me, I’ll kill him myself.  But you don’t have to be concerned about that.”  She looked at Jurek and her eyes softened.  “We are bound together by a force that transcends anything you can even imagine.”
January and Rykerian stared at them for a moment and then they both grinned.  “I can see you two together,” Rykerian said as he laughed.
“You need to know something else about her,” Jurek said. “She shares my power.”
They looked at him and he explained all the details.
“So you mean she has your extraordinary strength, as in energy?”
He nodded, saying, “I think she will eventually be even stronger than I am.  Her powers will be unmatched by any.  But there is more, which is why we needed to speak with you both.”
They took turns telling their complete story. January and Rykerian were stunned.  They didn’t know what to think. They worried for Liasare’s safety, but were astonished by what had become of her.  January still couldn’t believe Liasare’s scars were completely gone. Rykerian kept asking to see power demonstrations.  Liasare finally told him to stop asking or she was going zap his ass.
“Can you at least show us a tiny demonstration?” Rykerian begged.
Liasare looked at Jurek and he nodded.  They faced each other and held out their hands.  Suddenly, Liasare’s light emerged, dancing from her fingertips to her palms.  She turned her palms toward Jurek’s and her power leaped onto his hands where his erupted and joined hers.  Before long, they were both engulfed in the blue, green and violet light as it flowed around them, waltzing and twisting into beautiful forms.  Liasare tilted her hands then, and her power withdrew into her body, while Jurek’s flowed back into his.
January and Rykerian were amazed at the stunning display they had just witnessed.  “That was extraordinary,” Rykerian exclaimed.  “I’ve never seen anything like it!”
They marveled over it for a while until January started to question the prophecy. She wondered how they could be so sure Liasare was the Key.  She didn’t want to let that go.  It freaked her out to the point that she cried and Jurek had to calm her down by putting his hand on her head.
“Thanks for that. I’ve missed the hand on the forehead thingy,” she said.
Jurek smirked and said, “Well, ever since you stopped having thousands of children, I haven’t had to use it on you.”
January stuck her tongue out at him.  “Thousands of children, my bohonkas!”
Liasare watched the interplay between them and it reminded her of two teenaged siblings.  She chuckled to herself.  “Gawd, you two are sort of annoying together. You really do act like brother and sister, you know.”
“Tell me about it. I’ve had to put up with it for years. So what can we do?” It was Rykerian who spoke.
Liasare brought up the Tommy issue and how they wanted to extract the nanochip.
“The Xanthians have to be linked to Abaddon. We think he’s the one directing them to create this army.  He probably thinks he’ll send them after me or something like that.  Or maybe use them to take me to him.  Whatever the case, if we can analyze the data off that chip, maybe we can find out everything the Xanthians have so far. January, do you think it would be possible to suspend Tommy’s brain, remove the chip, get the data and get Tommy away from Earth before the Xanthians could discover his location?”
January and Rykerian shared a mental conversation before she spoke.  “Yes, it’s possible but highly risky.  We could teleport him to a Star Avenger with a team of robo-medics and they could do the chip removal.  They are much faster and more precise than any Vesturion surgeon is.  The data extraction from the chip would only take a few moments.”
Liasare looked at Jurek and then she asked, “What if we used our power on him to get the chip out?  How risky would it be for Tommy?”
“Could you do that?  Use your power I mean?”
“Yeah, but how risky would it be?”
“Well, there’s always a risk, but you’d only need to remove the original chip.  Even though it’s grown and taken over his brain, once the original chip is gone, the part that remains behind will be deactivated,” January explained.
“With the assistance of the robo-medics, I don’t see why we can’t remove it then.  We are healers, January.  We can mend nearly everything in most cases,” Jurek said.  He looked pointedly at Liasare before continuing. “If they can make the incision, suspend his brain activity long enough for us to get the chip out, we can then repair any damage the damn thing has done, including removing the rest of the crap it created in there.  We can have our team on the Star Avenger. Then he can be flashed to wherever we need to send him so he can recover.  We can even send him to Lare-Stell.  Without the chip, they won’t be able to track him.  Once we have the data removed from it, we can launch it into space somewhere and send those motherfuckers on a wild goose chase.”
They all had huge grins on their faces as they began to make their plans.  It was decided they would position a Star Avenger a reasonable distance from Earth and have it standing by, so if they found Tommy, they could flash him there to begin the process.  January would be prepared to go at a moment’s notice as well.
As January and Rykerian were preparing to leave, Liasare warned them of Abaddon again.  “Don’t leave any of your children unprotected.  He’ll try to lure them away.  Make sure an adult is present with them.  Don’t let them sleep alone. Keep someone in there to watch over them while they sleep.  Get a Guardian to do it.  I’m serious. He’s true evil.  I’ve been to hell and back and I wouldn’t wish that on anyone.”
Chapter 34


Finding Tommy was another matter.  It took days of combing through the streets of Center City, hunting the clubs at night and visiting all the Xanthian hangouts.  Liasare’s frustrations began to emerge in the form of things unexpectedly flying across their room, forcing both of them to duck and dodge at random times.  Jurek thought it was quite humorous, telling Liasare it was a true test of her reflexes, but she would just grunt in her response.
Jurek and Liasare decided to pay a visit to Jaylen’s to see if they could enlist her to help.  After two minutes in their company Jaylen did two things.  She agreed to do everything she could to find Tommy.  And then she hugged both Jurek and Liasare and beamed at them.  They looked at her, Jurek with his head at that odd angle and Liasare with squinted eyes.
“Well, gah, just look at the two of you.  You can hardly keep your hands off each other.  I don’t know what happened between now and the last time I saw the two of you together, but whatever it was, it must have been really something.  Of all the men I’ve ever known, you’re the last one, Jurek, that I ever expected to give your heart away with such complete abandon.  And before you try to deny it, it’s written all over your face.  I must say I’m quite shocked, but in a very good way,” she finished, still grinning.
Jurek actually blushed and found he was incapable of speech. Not knowing what else to do, he awkwardly thanked her, lightly kissed Liasare and told her he’d see her back at their headquarters.
Jaylen watched him leave and finally commented, “Well I’ll be.  That night I saw you I was sure you’d be in here a week later, crying your eyes out over a broken heart.  I was so wrong.  He’s way over the top for you.  I’ve never seen a man so in love before.  His eyes bleed for you Liasare.  Every word that comes from your lips, every move you make, he watches you like an avenger, waiting to strike the first thing that so much as threatens you.  I’m amazed.  You’re a part of him you know.”
“I know. I tried to tell you that. I can’t explain it.  But it’s beyond anything I thought existed.”
“There’s something different about you two than any others I’ve seen together.  I can’t put my finger on it.  Mind you, I’m not asking you for any explanations. I’m simply telling you that you two ooze sensuality toward each other.  It’s like there’s this magnetism between the two of you. I’ll be damned! I’m super envious, you know.”
Liasare smiled, thinking about what she shared with Jurek.  She knew what they had would be difficult to replicate, so she decided to keep quiet.
The two women hugged and Liasare decided she’d better head on home. After getting Jaylen’s promise to let her know anything at all about Tommy, she exited the building.
She knew he was waiting for her. Her body could sense him, now more so than ever.  They smiled when they saw each other and they walked together holding hands.
“Sorry she embarrassed you.”
“I’m just not used to that kind of attention,” he said gruffly.
“You’re very sexy when you blush.”
He grunted.  “I’d rather show you sexy in a different way.”
“Oh, you have and many times. Trust me.”
Without warning, he yanked her down a side street and crushed his mouth against hers.  The kiss was all about the alpha dominance thing, but she held nothing back in her response.  She moaned into his mouth, as their tongues waltzed together, teasing, then boldly facing off with each other. Slipping his hands beneath her shirt, she moaned as their energy began to unfold between them.
Pulling his mouth from hers, he whispered against her, “We’d best stop now before we begin to put on a show.”
She gave him a shaky laugh, and rubbed her cheek against his chest, humming.  “One more please.”  She fisted her hands in his shirt, pulling him toward her, hearing the tearing sound as the fabric gave way under her fingers.
He lifted her against him and slid his knee between her legs, “So you want it a bit rough then?” he asked, right before his teeth found that place where her neck and shoulder came together.  He scraped them along until he found that exact spot that drove her crazy.  She wrapped her hands in his hair and released a husky moan, but they were suddenly interrupted by the shuffling of feet and the sound of laughter.
“Isn’t this a cozy sight?”
They turned to find themselves surrounded by a team of five Xanthians.
“Jealous?” Liasare snarled.
The one who spoke had been smirking, but her question wiped it right off his face and it was replaced with a scowl.
“What do you want you ugly bastard?” Jurek squeezed her waist when she spoke.  She’d never learn to keep her mouth shut.
“You.”  As he spoke, he pulled his annihilator out of his coat.
Stay perfectly still love and I’ll handle this. I don’t trust your abilities to shift yet so please don’t move.  He squeezed her waist again for extra emphasis.
Don’t take that one down. Maybe he knows something.
Jurek blinked, indicating he understood.  He turned into a streak of energy leaving four dead Xanthians in his wake. The fifth Xanthian found himself disarmed and lying on the ground, with Liasare crushing his hand.
“Who wants me and why?” she asked.
“You’ll find out soon enough,” he said, slobber spraying through his gritted teeth.
Liasare was still repulsed by their smell and felt herself beginning to heave. Jurek shoved her out of the way and touched the vile creature, making him scream in agony.
“Answer her or I will take what we desire from you,” he seethed with unbridled rage.
The Xanthian still refused to talk, so Jurek put his hands on the fool’s head, extracting the information he deemed necessary, right before he killed him.  Turning to Liasare, he commanded her to get them out of there.
When they arrived at headquarters, instead of materializing in a closet, they ended up in their bed.  He lifted his brow as if to say, “You’ve got to be kidding me!”
“It’s better than the closet and,” she put her arms around him and grabbed and squeezed his perfectly formed glutes, “I’m kind of wanting to finish what we started back there, before we were so rudely interrupted by that bunch of nastiness.”
“Oh, is that a fact?  What exactly did you have in mind?” he asked as his lids half closed and his eyes began to smolder.
“I’d like for you to fuck me, Alaric,” she purred.
The room suddenly dropped in temperature and the rage began to build in him. He was off the bed, with her in his grasp, and had her slammed up against the wall as she stared at him in confusion.
“When have I ever fucked you Liasare?” he snarled.  “I have worshipped your body with mine, loved you with my heart and soul, bound you with my energy, but never have I ever fucked you.  Animals fuck Liasare.  We don’t.  Don’t you ever call the beautiful thing that happens between us, that horrible name again.  Have I made myself clear?”
She was stricken with horror by what she had said.  “Oh God, Jurek, I didn’t mean anything by that.  I just ...”
“Stop. I don’t want excuses. That word will never be used to describe what happens between us because I can assure you, what we do is not fucking.”
He released her then and stepped away from her.  “Oh, God, don’t walk away from me.  Please,” she begged as she grabbed him by his shirt.  Her eyes burned with unshed tears.
“I am so furious right now.  Your words have pierced my heart.”  She had seen him angry before, but this time, it was different.  He wasn’t just angry; she had injured him with her words.
“It was not intentional and I won’t ever make that mistake again. I never meant to hurt you Alaric.  You must know that everything that has taken place between us has meant more to me than I can ever put into words.  I know you’ve worshipped my body.  I’ve felt you; I’ve received you.  And I, too, have loved you with all my heart and soul and bound you with my energy. You must know I would never injure you intentionally.” She placed her hand over his heart and waited for what seemed like eternity.  He finally put his hand over hers and touched his forehead to hers.
“I can’t bear the thought of you in that way Liasare. You are mine and you are so unworthy of that word.”  His voice was ragged with anguish.
“I won’t ever say it again in reference to us and what we have between us.  I swear this to you, Alaric.”  She raised his hand to her lips and kissed his knuckles. “Kiss me, Alaric, and make me yours.”
He lifted her in his arms and tossed her on the bed.  “You’ll always be mine, whether we’re doing this, or anything else.  Don’t ever forget that.”  His mouth met hers and all other thoughts flew out of her head as he took possession of her body, soul and spirit and their powers merged together bringing them both unforgettable pleasure.
Afterward, they lay in each other’s arms, sketching each other’s markings with their fingers when he said, “The Xanthian had some information to share.
That perked her up.  “And?”
“There’s an all out call to search for you. You are their number one priority right now. My guess is Abaddon is pissed off because he can’t find you. I think your theory is right about him and his connection to the Xanthians.”
“Well, no surprise there.  I mean I knew it would come to that. At least now we know it for a fact.”
“It doesn’t make me any happier,” he scowled.  “They’d better keep their fucking hands off you.”
She ran her hand through his hair.  There was something about his hair that was pure magic to her. She loved to feel it slide through her fingers, like the finest threads of silk.  She knew he loved it too, because every time her hands got tangled up in it, his exotic scent intensified, filling the room with his luscious aroma.
“Alaric,” she whispered, “you are so ... well, I think you’re so beautiful.”
She looked at him and noticed his lips were twitching.
“Are you laughing?”
“No, not at all,” he said in a squeaky voice as he bit his lips.
“Jurek! How can you laugh at me?”
And then the dam burst and he threw back his head and roared as laughter shook his body.  She stared at him, poking him in the ribs, waiting.
After what seemed like hours, his laughing slowed down to a chuckle, every now and then.
“Are you quite finished?” she fumed.
He nodded, looking like he was holding back another round of guffaws.
“I can’t believe you. Here I am, pouring my heart out and you laugh at me.”
“I wasn’t laughing at you, I was laughing at what you said.  Liasare, I’m a big hulk of a man and I am anything but beautiful. I’ve been called so many things in my five hundred years, but I’ve never been called beautiful.  That’s what I was laughing at.  Not you.”
She eyed him with great doubt before she said, “Hmm.  When I look at you I see raw beauty, from your face, to your chest, down to your gorgeous V to heaven.  Do you know I always heard about the infamous V and never knew what it was?  Well now I do and I must say yours is quite heavenly.  So, I don’t care what you think about yourself, I happen to think you’re gorgeous. And if you ever laugh at me again when I say that, I’m going to kick you in that very beautiful ass of yours.  Just saying.”  His lips curved into a smile, a very sexy smile, so to make her point, she slipped her hands behind him and cupped his very beautiful ass in her hands and gave it a tight squeeze.  His sexy grin was still aimed her way so she continued, “Let’s get back to Mr. Bad then.  What do you think we need to do?”
Jurek rubbed his chin, all humor gone from him.  “I’m still not comfortable with you roaming about on your own.  I don’t doubt your power, but I’ll be more comfortable when I’ve seen you transport yourself to specific points.  I also want to see you be able to shift and flash to Lare-Stell or Praestan.  Then I’ll know you’ll be able to get away from anything, at any time.”
“Then you’re going to have to teach me, because right now, the best I can do is the bed or a broom closet,” she said, scrunching up her face.
Suddenly they heard a loud commotion from the main area. Things were being tossed around and crashing into the walls and they heard voices and a man’s screams. They quickly dressed and headed over there to investigate.
Liasare cried out as she saw Tommy in restraints, surrounded by Ludo, Marik, and Tak.
“Notify Rykerian and January. We need to get Tommy on the Star Avenger right away.  We don’t have much time,” Tak yelled.
Tommy was trying to tear his restraints off like a mad man, growling and screeching.
“Are they in range of us?” Liasare asked.
Jurek looked at her and answered, trying to calm her.  “Liasare, Praestani don’t have a range, remember?”
She smacked herself in the head, saying, “Damn! I forgot.” She gave him a bleak smile, trying to hide her fears for her brother.  He was acting insane, didn’t care that he was injuring himself.
Jurek gave Tak the go ahead and they all departed for the Star Avenger, where the team of robo-medics was standing by to get the nanochip out of Tommy’s brain.
Chapter 35


They injected Tommy with some sort of drug that knocked him out cold. Then the robo-medics put his brain into a suspended state, allowing enough oxygen and blood to sustain it, but all brain activity was slowed to a bare minimum. His body was artificially kept alive. January was right. The robomedics worked with the utmost efficiency, extracting the chip in what seemed like only minutes.
Rykerian and Ludo promptly removed all the bits of data that were stored on it.  Then they placed it on an ejector beam and jettisoned it out a million light years away from them, setting it for self-destruct upon its arrival. By the time the Xanthians located it, they would wonder how the hell it had gotten that far. They wouldn’t have a single thing to trace because it would be destroyed and all traces of it would be nothing but dust.
The viewing screen suddenly lit up with flashing alarms.
“We’ve got company!” Rykerian yelled.
“Who?” Jurek wanted to know.
“Guess.” Rykerian responded.
“How the hell did the Xanthians find us so quickly?”
“I don’t know, but we only have minutes.”
“Is the ship expendable?”
“Yes.”
“The robo-medics?”
“Yes.”
“Then we’re out of here.”
Jurek grabbed Liasare, Marik grabbed Rykerian, Tak took January and Ludo took Tommy and they all flashed to Lare-Stell.

***

Lare-Stell Base

Once they all arrived, complete mayhem ensued with everyone yelling over each other.
Jurek finally commanded, “Quiet! We have a patient here that needs our attention and then we can analyze what happened.”
Tommy was set up in a med unit that had been created especially for him. Naroo was standing by to complete the healing on his brain, while January prepared all the supplies he would need upon awakening.
Liasare paced outside the unit, worried about his state of mind.  They were uncertain how much of his brain had been damaged and just how much could be repaired to the point of normal functionality.  Naroo would do her best, but time would bear the true test.
Jurek, Ludo and Rykerian were in the lab analyzing the data that had been stripped off the chip.
“Anything yet on the chip or how the Xanthians found us?” Jurek asked.
“I don’t have anything on how they found us.  My guess is they tracked the chip in the human. As for the chip itself, I’m getting the prelim stuff, but nothing we don’t already know.  Basic info on warehouses on Earth, names of their commanding officers, etc. I’m getting ready to extrapolate all the data now. Hold on.”
Images were flashing across the screen, so fast the eye couldn’t comprehend anything concrete.  Once all the information was in the system, they would review it for any red flags.
“I think I may have something here.  There’s something about Club Down and the Master, whoever he is. Apparently, the Master has ties to that place, maybe even lives there. That could be why we all felt that source of power when we got there.  Maybe the Master has ties to Abaddon.”
Rykerian thoughtfully rubbed his chin, then asked, “You don’t think they’re one and the same, do you?”
“Abaddon usually doesn’t do his own dirty work. He always sends someone in to do it for him.  Although, there’s always a first. We need Liasare in here.”
“Why?” Rykerian queried.
“She’s had first-hand experience with both of them.”
Rykerian didn’t like that answer at all.
Jurek flashed to the med unit to check on Tommy and try to persuade Liasare to come with him.  Tommy was still unconscious so Liasare accompanied him back to the lab.
“I know you hate this, but we need to know something.  Do you remember if the hooded man from the dungeon and Abaddon from your dreams are one and the same?”
“No, definitely not.  Abaddon has black fangs and the man from the dungeon didn’t.”  Liasare shook as she answered.  Jurek enfolded her in his arms.
He bent his head and whispered in her ear, “I’m sorry to bring up the bad memory, love, but we’re trying to piece some things together here.” He rubbed her arms up and down, warming her with his energy.  She put her arms around him and rested her cheek against his chest, letting his energy flow into her.  It always made her feel calmer, stronger.
“Do you remember when we walked into Club Down and how we both felt?”
“Yes, and it was very disturbing,” she answered.
“We’ve found that the Xanthians call this person Master and he’s associated with Club Down. We’re wondering if he lives there. We think he may be the hooded guy that held you captive.”
“Have you found anything else?”
“Not yet, but we may need to pay another visit to Club Down. At least we know there’s a definite connection now.”
“I’m heading back to the med unit then.  Let me know if you find anything else, okay?”
Jurek walked her back, just so she wouldn’t get lost.  “Are you doing okay?”
She grabbed his hand and squeezed. “I wish he’d wake up and look at us and give us one of his stupid grins and ask what we’re all doing in there.”  She smiled sadly.
“Hey, you never know. Naroo is a miracle worker of sorts.  He’s resting now because that’s what his brain needs to do to recover. Don’t give up hope Liasare. That’s not like you.”
Turning to him, she hugged him and said, “Thanks, I needed that.  I need to ask you something and I don’t think you’re going to like it.  I think Shandro needs to be here.”
Jurek looked at Liasare, staring into her eyes.  A million feelings passed between them, love mainly, but she was taken off guard when she felt his questions about her feelings toward Shandro.
“Do you have any doubt of my feelings toward you?”
His eyes, those gorgeous swirling orbs of lavender and silver, reached into her heart and spoke to her.
I’ve laid my heart and soul at your feet; they are yours forever.  I’ve given you my power and my body is yours as well.  I would die for you Liasare.
She walked up to him and touched his cheek, her power lighting it up.
“I’ve told you this before and I’ll tell you every day if I have to.  I would crawl inside of you and cradle your heart within my hands.  I would wrap my soul around yours and protect it forever.  I could never love anyone as I love you. You are mine Alaric.”
“I don’t like the way he looks at you.  He invades my space when he does.”
“He’s Tommy’s best friend.  He needs to be here.  He’s been sick with worry about him.”
“I’ll be sick with worry about you if he comes.”
“Why?  I’m secure in my love for you and yours for me.”
“He’ll see you as you are now and not as you were.”
“Oh, Jurek.  I don’t mind when you’re around January.  It’s the same thing.”
He rubbed his eyes and said, “No, it’s not.  January never loved me in that way.  Shandro looks at you with longing in his eyes. He loves you, Liasare.  There’s a huge difference.”
“You’re right, he does.  But I’ve never given him any indication that my feelings for him were anything other than that of a brother-sister relationship.  He knows that.  And if it will make you feel better, I’ll tell him again, in your presence.  I’ll tell him that we’re married, that I’m your queen.  I’ll do whatever you want me to do.  But Shandro’s my friend and he’s Tommy’s friend. Please. I don’t ask this for myself.  I ask it for my brother.”
He jerked his head up and down one time.  She understood how much he was giving up to extend an invitation to Shandro.  “Thank you.”
“When it comes to most things, I find it impossible to deny you anything.”
“I’ll make it worth your while,” she said with a seductive grin.
“Oh, I’ll see that you do,” he responded in that throaty whisper that drove her crazy.

***

Shandro arrived on Lare-Stell two days later.  As Jurek predicted, he was amazed at Liasare’s appearance and could barely tear his eyes off of her. Jurek began to growl every few minutes until Liasare, as promised, explained to Shandro her relationship to him.  They both agreed that Shandro could be brought into the fold on how Liasare had been given Jurek’s power and so her story was passed to him.
Shandro felt his heart plummet to his feet and he was unable to hide his disappointment.  Of course he stammered out his thanks to Jurek repeatedly for saving her life, but he had always held onto hope, albeit tiny, that someday, he and Liasare would find themselves together.  He was so crushed by her news that he excused himself and remained in his quarters for the rest of the day.
Three days later Tommy woke up.  He wasn’t grinning as Liasare had prayed he would be, but instead he was screaming.  He tore around his room like a mad man, yanking at his hair, yelling at the ceiling and banging on the walls.  He had to be sedated because they were afraid he would injure himself. Liasare was a complete mess.  Her stomach was a twisted mass of knots and she wondered over and over whether they had done the right thing.
“So you would have rather left him with those stinking fuckers? Come on Liasare, how many times did you say you would do anything to get him out of there?  His brain is damaged.  It’s been traumatized.  His neurons have to calm down.  That nanochip was invasive. It was like a cancer, taking over.  Now that it’s gone, his brain has to adjust to it not being there. Even January predicted this.  You have to give it time, love.” He held her while he spoke, calming her frayed nerves.
“It kills me to see him like this.  It was like his eyes were dead.  There were no sparks of life in them.”
Jurek pulled back so he could look at her. Pushing her hair back he said, “Remember when he shot you?  You said his eyes didn’t look like they belonged to him then.”  He massaged her back, trying to ease the tension in her shoulders.
“I remember.  I don’t think I’ll ever forget that.  I was hoping against hope, I guess.”
“No, you love him and you want the best for him.  Give him time Liasare.  He’s just now woken up.  His brain needs time. Don’t ever stop hoping.”  He continued to hold her and move his hands across her back, warming her with his energy. “Recognition will return.  The healing will do that.  Be patient, my love.  It will happen.”  He turned her to face him and placed his hand on her forehead, infusing her with his energy.
“That’s exactly what I needed.  That really feels wonderful, you know.  Thank you. You always seem to know exactly what I need.”  She leaned in to place a kiss on his lips.
He smiled and got a mischievous gleam in his eye.  “If you really want me to, I can think of something that will take your mind off things.”
She squinted her eyes at him. “Hmm. Whatever did you have in mind?”
Smiling suggestively, he ran his tongue along his lower lip.  She immediately felt a rush of heat in her belly.  “I’d rather show you than tell you,” he breathed, as his scent bathed her in its exotic essence.
She was always amazed at how little it took for her body to respond to him.  Reading her mind, he said, his voice low and husky, “It’s our energy, Liasare.  It has bound us together. It recognizes itself in each of us.  And please don’t feel guilty for feeling pleasure in the midst of all this madness.  It’s the only thing that can keep us sane.”  He kissed her then, his mouth erasing further questions and replacing them with thoughts of where she wanted his tongue next.  She felt his lips curve into a smile as he read her thoughts.
Jurek knelt in front of her and tugged her pants off.  Tracing her markings with his tongue, he veered across her hip and slightly nipped at her tender flesh, until she moaned unabashedly.  He moved across her body, repeating the same motions across her other hipbone, sucking and biting, until she cried out his name.
“Jurek, I want you now!” she demanded.
“Bossy, aren’t you?”
“Yes! Now!”
Standing, he undid his pants, picked her up and slid into her in one fluid motion.
“Liasare,” he cried her name, as he moved within her.  “Say it! Now!” It was the one thing he loved to hear coming from her lips, other than the signs of her pleasure.
“I love you, Alaric!”
“As I love you, Liasare,” he said as they both felt their energy buzzing them into ecstasy.
He was still holding her as he fell onto their bed.  “You want me to call you Alaric, don’t you?”
“When we are loving each other, yes.  I love hearing you say my name.”
“I can call you that all the time.  I call you Jurek out of habit, but I think Alaric is a beautiful name.  I do think your middle name should have been Jurgasmic though.”  She said it with a straight face, but when he looked at her, she exploded with laughter.  “In fact, I’m going to start calling them Jurgasms.”
“You think you’re pretty comical, don’t you?” he smirked.  “Let’s just see how many more Jurgasms I can give you today.”
He was very gracious with his gifts of several more.
As they lay together in their aftermath, she said, “I wish we could stop the world from spinning, if only for a few days.  Stop all of the worries so we could enjoy this without anything clouding the backs of our minds.”
“Let me give you something to think about then. Hopefully, it’s something pleasant that will take your mind off the worries.”
“What is it?”
“Marry me Liasare.  I know I broached this subject with you before and you told me that what we have is good enough for you.  It’s not good enough for me.  I want to have you as my wife, my true mate, the way things are done in your world.  I want to show your family how much I adore you.  Marry me.”
Her eyes filled with unshed tears and her throat burned, making it difficult to swallow.  Her mind sped back to her nasty mother and to comments she would make about how she’d never find a husband.  The tears that threatened spilled down her cheeks and she blinked repeatedly, trying to clear her vision.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t realize this would upset you so.”
“You misunderstand, Alaric.”  She threw her arms around his neck and buried her face in that place she had come to love, her own special nook that offered her comfort and security.
“Talk to me sweetheart.  Your tears hurt my heart, as much as they hurt your own.”
She explained, “I wasn’t expecting that from you and it took me back to my mother and her comments about how I’d never find anyone to marry me.”
“Ah, I see.  Well, then, I guess that means you’ll have to marry me after all. Just to spite her.”
“No!  I’ll marry you because I can’t live without you, Alaric, and for no other reason.  My mother can go to hell!”
“That’s my girl,” he said, laughing, and kissing away her tears.
“Do you really want to do a wedding thing?  Because I meant what I said.  I’m with you now and I feel as if we’re already married.”
“I know, but I want to make it right and I want to show your world how right it is.”
“I’ll be proud and honored to be your wife, Alaric.  I love you.”  She kissed him then.
They lay together and she started to think about all the obstacles they had to face.
Noticing her change of expression, he said, “Tell me, why the deep, troubled look?”
“The usual.  Reality.  I was thinking how great it would be to stay like this forever, but then reality busted in.  Everything we have to do and our rosy future.”
He rubbed her lower lip with his thumb and said, “Reality.  That filthy word.  Yes, it would be nice not to have to worry about the state of the universe, wouldn’t it? I suppose I need to get back to the lab before they send out a search party for me.  Care to accompany me?”

***

Ludo had worked nonstop to unlock all the information from the chip.  He had uncovered a lot, although not as much as they’d hoped for.  There were ten colonies scattered throughout the universe that were being used to build armies.  They were using the abductees, as they’d suspected, and all of them had chips implanted in their brains.  They were living automatons, trained to follow all orders, without question.  Many of the humans were given drugs to enhance their physiques, making them much stronger than they normally were.
The non-humans were separated by their abilities and placed in special units designed for each specific ability.  For example, if they had the power of speed, they would be placed in a unit where speed would be used for certain tasks. Or if they were gifted with telepathy, they would be placed in a unit where they would be trained to gather intelligence.
What the chip didn’t tell them was what the final goal of the armies would be. They knew the Xanthians wanted complete and total control of the universe through the Universal Super Power.  However, where did Abaddon fit in?  Was he using the Xanthians to get what he wanted?  Was he telling them he was helping them achieve their goals? Or was he simply controlling their every move?
Liasare wondered what would happen to Tommy.  Would he ever be normal again, or would he be faced with life filled with unknowns.  How did she fit into this puzzle?  Abaddon wanted her, but to what end?  She was becoming more powerful, but was she powerful enough to fight him off and save the universe? She was supposedly the Key to the Light, but in reality, what the heck did that mean?  She was frightened.  Having to defend the universe from Satan was a bit much, more than she thought she was capable of doing.  Jurek was convinced her powers weren’t developed yet, and she hoped he was right, because they were going to have to be a hell of a lot stronger in order to defeat Abaddon, the Prince of Darkness.



The End ... for now

Coming December 28, 2014

Death Waltz

About The Author


A.M. Hargrove is the naughty and nice author of adult, new adult, and young adult romance. She divides her time between the mountains of North Carolina and the upstate of South Carolina where she pursues her dream career of writing. Her family considers her crazy, her friends will agree, but she’s always game for some fun times. If she could change anything in the world, she would make chocolate and ice cream a part of the USDA food groups.

And now for a preview of
Death Waltz

Prologue

The beam of energy hovered briefly, then took the form of a man. The hooded creature stood to the side, wondering exactly what kind of bargain the Praestani wished to strike.
“Well Praestani, you have peaked my interest. You are the last one I expected to hear from.”
“I imagine so,” the Praestani replied.
“Tell me, what brings you to my realm?”
“I come to offer you your greatest desire.”
Abaddon paused for a moment, stunned. “How can I believe you? Your actions in the past have shown it would seem you would want to prevent this.”
“She needs to be removed,” he snarled.
Abaddon laughed, his evil reverberating and sending icy chills crawling down the Praestani’s spine. For a brief moment, a very brief moment, he wondered if he had erred.
“Your jealousy is potent. I can smell it. It tinges the air with its acridity.”
“I’m not jealous. Just tired of the foolish games,” the Praestani spat.
“And I am no fool. This jealousy you deny rules you and will destroy you. So, tell me. What exactly is your price?”
“I give her to you and she disappears. You are never to reveal how or where. You get what you want and I get what I want.”
“And you ask for nothing in return?”
“Oh, I will have everything I want when she is gone.”
“You are a fool. He will know.”
“Don’t worry. He will be occupied with other things. I will see to that.”
Abaddon contemplated the Praestani’s offer. This could accomplish what he wanted, but he trusted him not at all. Petty jealousies could quickly turn into bitterness or even worse and perhaps this one would come to regret his actions. Remorse could be as deadly as jealousy. 
“I shall think on this and give you my decision.”
“Don’t make me wait too long or the offer won’t stand.”
Abaddon laughed. “You dare to threaten me?”
“Not at all. Let’s say it’s only a little heads up.”
Abaddon snarled, “Listen to me well, Praestani. I will be the one who controls this scenario, if and when it takes place.”
The Praestani found himself back in his own world before he had an opportunity to respond.

Chapter One

    Lare-Stell Base

Liasare stood like a sentry outside the medical unit observing her brother, Tommy. She had refused to leave and when she did, it was only for brief periods at a time. A week had passed since the Xanthian nanochip had been removed from Tommy’s brain. He was in a medically induced coma, recovering. He had awakened earlier, but his reaction had been so violent, January (their sister who was also a physician) had felt it best to place him back in the coma to let his brain heal. But today, January deemed it was now safe to bring him out of sedation. As Liasare watched him, she was flanked by Shandro, her brother’s best friend, and Jurek, her mate. Liasare squeezed Jurek’s hand as she waited for her brother to wake up.
“Are you trying to break it?”
“Wh-what?” She whipped her head towards Jurek.
“My hand. Are you trying to break it? Because it sure feels like it.”
“Damn. I’m sorry.” She let his hand go.
He immediately picked it back up, laced his fingers through hers, and then kissed them one by one.
“I didn’t mean for you to release it. Only to ease up a bit. You don’t realize your own strength, Liasare.” He tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. “He’ll be fine, love,” he tried to reassure her.
“You keep saying that. When this is over, do you think we can practice our fighting again so I can see if I’ve advanced any more?” 
She’d hardly finished speaking the last word when a commotion from the med unit grabbed their attention. Tommy was awake and cowering in a corner. He looked like a frightened squirrel as he stared around, wild-eyed. The color had drained from his face and he appeared to be trying to assess his surroundings.
“It’s okay Tommy, you’re safe. It’s me, January, your sister. You’re safe with us. Everything’s good and you’re going to be fine.”
His eyes darted around the room as he crouched in the corner, trembling.
Liasare looked at Jurek and started sobbing. “Oh God, this is not what I had hoped for.”
Shandro said, “Maybe I should go in there. He might recognize me.”
“Not yet Shandro. He’s in shock right now. Think about it. He’s been in a coma for almost a year,” Jurek said. “His brain needs time to adjust.”
“He looks so terrified,” Liasare said. The purple crescents beneath her eyes coupled with the constant fingernail biting were proof of the stress she’d felt. Tommy was her constant, her everything when she was growing up. 
Jurek tried to soothe her. “Liasare, let’s give him a moment to settle in and recognize January. Maybe you should go to him. You were closest to him. He may remember you over anyone.”
She nodded, then slipped inside the room.
“Tommy, it’s me, Sarah. Your sister.” She slowly inched her way toward him. He looked at her for a minute and squinted. He cocked his head to the side and kept eyeing her.
“Say something,” January prompted. “He seems to know your voice.”
“Tommy, I know I look different from the last time you saw me and I’ll explain all that later, but just talk to me. Tell me you remember me and all the stupid stuff we used to do when we were kids. Please, Tommy, come back to me.” By the time she was finished speaking she was directly in front of him. She knelt down so she could be face to face with him. “Please come back to me. I’ve missed you more than I’ve missed breathing just about and, well, goddammit, I’m gonna kill you for what you did. How could you go off and do something like that and not tell me? You left me without saying a word, dammit.” His arms crept up around her and suddenly they were hugging and squeezing each other. 
She couldn’t recall how long they held each other, but eventually they separated and sat on the floor facing each other.
In a broken trembling whisper he said, “I didn’t dare tell you.”
“What? You mean you were afraid to tell me that you were going to let yourself get captured by the Xanthians on purpose?”
 Tommy nodded.
“But why? Why would you do such a crazy thing?”
“We needed to know what they were doing with the captives.”
“Shit, Tommy.”
“I didn’t tell you because I knew you’d come charging after me, hell bent on stopping me. My mind was made up and that was that. The Guardians needed more information and as a Guardian, I felt it was my duty.” His hands were clasped together and he was rubbing his thumb over and over.
“Do you remember anything?”
“Only being taken by those smelly bastards. They locked me onto a table and I felt the sting of a needle in my neck. Then nothing after that.”
Liasare put her hands on his and just held them. “Did you even know about the nanochips?”
His hand shook as it reached for the place on his head where the chip had been. “Of course I knew. But I thought I’d have some control. And that January and Rykerian could at least pull some data off that thing. Do you know if they were able to?”
Liasare looked down at his knotted hands. “Yes. We uncovered information on where the colonies are and how they’re creating the army. But, Tommy, I have so much to tell you. I think I’ll have to do it a bit at a time though. How do you feel? Are you thirsty? Hungry?” She looked around the room for January only to find that they were alone.
He rubbed his head again. “No. I’m fine right now.”
“Did you recognize January at all?”
He shook his head. “No. When I came to, the bright lights hurt my eyes. It was your voice I recognized before I knew who you were.”
She threw her arms around him again, “I’ve been so worried about you. I can’t even tell you. I swear to God, if you ever pull a stunt like this again, I’ll kill you Tommy. You hear me?”
“Yes ma’am,” he said and gave a half-assed attempt at laughter. Though it was pathetic and a shadow of what it used to be, it was the greatest sound she’d heard in ages. 
“I guess now I get to return the favor for when you took care of me after the crash.”
“You don’t look like that same girl. What happened to her?”
Liasare half-snorted. “It’s a long story. Gah, I have so much to tell you. How’s your head?” She reached out her hand to cup his cheek and then ran her fingers lightly across the incision on his scalp.
“Bloody sore. Beating like a drum.”
They were interrupted by January, who suggested he lie down and rest.
Their reunion, although sweet, was not anywhere near his and Liasare’s. 
“I don’t want to rest. I feel like I’ve been resting for a year.”
“Yeah, well, I’m throwing down the healer card here,” January insisted. “Your brain has been through so much and needs to recover. And you need a day of rest before you resume any activity. I’m going to give you some medicine to restore your muscle strength.”
After he agreed, January medicated him and he fell back to sleep. January also reassured her sister that Tommy would be ready to chat the next day. Liasare watched him as he slept. She massaged his forehead, in the same way he did to her when she was recovering from her crash. She hoped it would bring him pleasant dreams.  
In the morning, Liasare was there ready to awaken him. As soon as January saw her sitting outside the door, she laughed.
“What? You couldn’t wait for him to wake up on his own?”
Liasare growled. “No! He’s been away for so long, I need to speak to him.”
January shrugged and they both walked into his room. After a thorough examination, Tommy was released from medical care, but was told to take it easy for the next month. His body had to readjust and it would take at least that long. Liasare, being the eager one to have her brother back, didn’t waste any time on dragging him out of the medical unit.
“Come on, let’s go eat!” Liasare grabbed his arm and tugged him down the corridor, arm in arm.
“By the way, where the hell are we?” he wanted to know.
Liasare burst out laughing. “Oh gosh, I forgot. We’re on Lare-Stell base. It’s Jurek’s space station for his business, LS Enterprises.”
“Who’s Jurek?”
January looked at Liasare and said, “I’ll leave this up to you and I’ll see you both in a few minutes at breakfast. I’m going to get Rykerian.”
Liasare looked thoughtfully at Tommy and said, “It might be best if you meet him. And Shandro’s here too.” She sent out a telepathic message to Jurek and moments later, he popped in the dining room.
“Whoa! No teleporter?” Tommy asked.
“Not necessary for my kind,” Jurek said. “I’m a Praestani. My species are energy shifters. I can shift from energy to mass and am comfortable in both forms. It’s the way I travel as well.”
Liasare introduced them and then explained to Tommy about how she met Jurek. “When I couldn’t find you and didn’t get any help from the Guardians, I took it upon myself to headed to Earth to track you down.”
“How in God’s name did you get to Earth?”
 “Shandro helped me. I traveled there, in a coffin of all things, aboard a freighter. He injected me with a drug to make my bodily functions all but cease so the scanners couldn’t detect me. When I woke up, there I was, in Center City, hunting you down. But that place was scary bad. Everywhere I went, those freakish nasty Xanthians were hanging out. It wasn’t safe at all. But ironically, that’s when I met Jurek and he helped me. Obviously we found you but lots of stuff took place in between, including you shooting me.”
Tommy was paying close attention. “What? I shot you?”
“Yeah. But Jurek took care of me so it was okay.”
She glanced at Jurek and knew he disagreed. That shooting was anything but okay.
Tommy asked, “Did January ever tell you what I did?”
“Yeah, after some persuasion.” Liasare laughed. “You might say I threatened her and it took a while for me to realize she knew. They hid it really well. By the way, January and Jurek knew each other from way back. But he and I didn’t know that until well after we met. He actually walked her down the aisle when she married Rykerian.”
“What?” Tommy asked in shock. “Okay, this is one hell of a story story.”
“Right? I told you we had tons to catch you up on. You need January to tell you about it. Doesn’t he, Jurek?”
“Yes, it was a strange time for all of us. Rykerian wasn’t too pleased about it,” Jurek added.
Jurek noticed how Tommy kept looking at the two of them so he said, “Liasare, why don’t you tell him about us.”
So she began the long tale of how she met Jurek and how he helped in her search for Tommy. When she came to the part where the Dark Creatures took her captive, Jurek had to take over because Liasare’s began to stutter. The memories were still too vivid and horrid for her. Jurek filled in the blanks but then after he told Tommy how he healed Liasare, she jumped in and explained to him how she now had the Praestani power as well. She showed him her arms so he could see her markings and the absence of all the horrific scars she bore for so long.
He reached out and took one of her arms in his hand, rubbing it up and down, turning it this way and that. “The other one is the same?”
She nodded, showing him. He repeated his actions with the second arm, feeling how smooth her skin felt. “The rest of your body?”
“Is the same as this,” she said, smiling.
He stared at the arm he held in his hand and she saw how his throat worked as he attempted to swallow. He opened his mouth to speak several times, but said nothing. Finally, when he was able to talk, his voice was hoarse as he spoke. “I regretted every single minute of my life, ever since we took that idiotic ride, for what it did to you. I begged God every night to take those scars away. I pleaded with Him to send you a miracle and somehow, those prayers were answered. I don’t know how it happened but I’m glad it did.” His face glistened with his tears when he was finished speaking.
Liasare pulled Jurek close to her and told Tommy, “This man is the reason my scars are gone. He took them away. His hands removed every single one of them, so your prayers were answered.”
Jurek wrapped his arms around Liasare and said, “Liasare was the answer to mine as well.”
“So I take it you are a couple?”
She half-laughed as she said, “Yeah, we’re a couple all right,” she said, kissing him.
“Why does he call you Liasare?”
“Oh!” she exclaimed, and then chuckled. “I don’t go by the name of Sarah any more. When I came to Earth, I created a new identity for safety purposes. I didn’t want the Guardians to be able to follow me and I knew they would find me if I didn’t change my name. I never had an attachment to my old name. Mom always hated me and I thought it was time to start a new life. So I created a new name from the old. Sarah Liana St. Davis became Liasare Davidson. And honestly, I haven’t regretted a moment of it.” 
Tommy stared at her thoughtfully for a moment and then smiled. “It suits you well, Liasare.” 
There was a knock outside the entrance to the dining room and Shandro stuck his head inside. “Mind if I join you?”
“Not at all,” Liasare said. “We were just going to eat some breakfast. Everyone else should be here shortly.”
A few minutes later, January and her mate Rykerian arrived followed by Jurek’s team, which included Tak, Marik, Ludo, and Naroo.
As they ate, they talked about everything Tommy had missed since the chip had been implanted in his brain. He was shocked at the number of people that had been abducted from all over the universe. There were over seventy thousand reported missing, so the armies they were creating out of the minions were probably much larger than that. Jurek and his men tried to keep up with the numbers, but those were sketchy at best.
“We think the Xanthians are connected to Abaddon, and he’s directing the creation of the armies. We know, because of you, that they use the nanochips to create the minions. We’re not sure of any specific details and it’s an assumption, of course, but he definitely wants Liasare for her power,” Jurek explained.
“Whoa, wait a minute.  Slow down here. Who is Abaddon and what power does Liasare have?”
Everyone looked at each other uncomfortably, but all eyes ended up on Liasare.
Taking a deep breath, she took the plunge. “Tommy, have you ever heard of Apollyon, The Destroyer?”
“You mean like Satan?”
“Yeah, well that’s Abaddon. He’s always been after the Praestani power because he wants to overthrow God as the strongest force that exists. Apparently I am the Key to the Light.  In other words, I am a gateway of sorts to the Praestani power, as I understand it. The bad news is that I can also be the Key to the Dark. Abaddon can use me to give him the power he craves, so he’s after me in a serious way.” She glanced at Jurek and he nodded and smiled. She sighed, glad that she had it right, but not glad she was in this ridiculous position.
Tommy stared at her, his mouth hanging open like gaping canyon. 
“But how?” he finally eked out.
She snorted and said, “Well, remember when Jurek told you about how the Dark Creatures took me? Abaddon orchestrated it all, and I was as close to dead as you can get. Luckily, Jurek found me and brought me here. But he literally got to me barely in time to save me. I was dying Tommy. Even the power of the Praestani alone couldn’t save me. So Jurek had to transfer some of his power to me in order to give me life.”
Jurek interrupted her here, “Tommy, your sister was preordained to be a part of this. She is part of the Prophecy of Thul. It predicts the end of the world unless someone can step in and prevent things from happening. I believe that person is Liasare. I knew it the first moment I met her. I felt her energy source surge with mine. It’s difficult to explain, but it’s the best I can do.”
Tommy stared at the two of them, not quite understanding this power thing. Jurek, reading his unease, said to Liasare, “Hold out your hand.” She did as he asked, and he did the same. The light erupted between them and did that beautiful dance as it began to grow. It soon covered both of their hands and traveled up their arms, extending upward and outward. “Call it back, love.” Suddenly, the light receded and disappeared.  
“Well wasn’t that the shit?” Tommy asked.
Shandro was speechless.
“She can do a lot more than that, like zap your ass if you’re not careful,” Rykerian added.
“No way.” Then Tommy eyed her. “I want another demo, sister.”
Liasare started squirming. “No, you don’t,” Jurek said, coming to her rescue. “It’s most unpleasant and Liasare doesn’t have complete and total control yet.”
January piped in saying, “Trust me Tommy, you do not want a demonstration of Praestani power. It’s very unpleasant.”
“Just how powerful are you?” Tommy asked.
“Very.” Jurek eyed an empty platter on the table and he sent out a beam of light from his eye, destroying it, turning it to dust.
“Jesus! Did you see that?” Everyone else at the table, other than Shandro, either rolled their eyes or grunted. “Hey, give me a break here. This is all new to me.”
“It’s new to me as well. I’ve never seen anything like it,” Shandro chimed in.
“They’re right,” Jurek decided, defending them. “Tommy, to aptly answer your question, the Praestani are the most powerful beings in the universe.”
“Seriously? And my baby sister has hooked up with one and is sharing his power.”
The violence in the room suddenly burst forth. Jurek was on his feet and next to Tommy. “Let’s get one thing straight right now. You’re her brother and she adores you. But we are mated, not hooking up. She is my queen, my lady, and my love. She will be honored and revered by you and all who enter here. Is that clear?”
“Well, yeah. I would never do anything other than that. It was just a bad choice of words. Sorry!”
Jurek bowed and went back to his seat. Tommy looked at Liasare and she shrugged.  
“Well then, now that’s over, are there any other questions you’re not afraid to ask?” Liasare blurted out. She put her hand on Jurek’s arm, rubbing a circle on his wrist.  He knew exactly what she was doing and he felt the corners of his lips curve into a smile. Before she knew what was happening, he’d pulled her onto his lap, and when she saw his expression, she burst out laughing.
Everyone looked at the two of them, expecting an explanation, but none was forthcoming.
It was Rykerian who spoke next. “So what should our next plans be?”
“I think my men and I need to go back to Earth to Club Down. We felt the presence of evil there last time. It would be wise to further investigate it.”
Liasare started pouting.
Tommy, noticing her expression, asked, “What’s wrong with you?”
“I’m not allowed back because I busted up a sex show and beat the crap out of three guys the last time we went there.”
That brought a round of laughter from almost everyone at the table. Rykerian slapped his knee and Marik hugged himself (which was a sight, since he rarely laughed). Liasare didn’t laugh.
“I didn’t know it was an act. I thought the woman was being raped, okay?”
January wasn’t laughing either. “Go get ‘em girl. I would’ve done the same thing, not knowing it was an act. It makes me sick to think of watching something like that, thinking it’s a rape. Who likes that kind of thing?”
“Sickos, that’s who. You should’ve seen this place. It was dirty ... and I mean that in both senses.”
After the laughing subsided, Rykerian asked, “So when are you headed back?” 
Jurek thought about it and said, “Probably in a couple of days. Tommy, you can to go back to Vesturon to fully recover, or you can stay here if you’d like. The choice is yours. Earth’s not an option. You’re marked now, and the Xanthians would pick you up in no time.”
“Tommy, I know you have a ton of catching up to do, but I’d love for you to come back to Vesturon,” Shandro said.
“Right. I’ll think about it. I could always help with research here, if need be,” he added.
Everyone started drifting back to their own quarters and Liasare hugged Tommy. “It’s so great to have you back with us again.”
“I’m worried about you, Sis. This Abaddon thing is quite a lot to shoulder.”
Shandro stood in the background, intently watching the three of them. His wasn’t exactly happy when he thought about what Liasare had been unfairly handed. He was glad he would be heading back to Vesturon where he could put this all out of his mind.
“Tommy, I’ve been to hell and back and I don’t intend to revisit it. Honestly, I’m scared shitless, but I can’t sit around shaking in my boots over it either. The universe is a much more dangerous place now than it was when you became a minion. Abaddon wants to end it all and if it’s up to me to stop it then so be it. We’re all put here for a reason. Unfortunately for me, mine happens to be a bit overwhelming. The thing about it is this: if I don’t do anything we all die. So the way I look at it is what do I have to lose?”
“That doesn’t make it any easier for me to swallow. I love you Sarah. I’m sorry, but I’ll always think of you as my little Sarah.”
They spent the rest of the day together as Jurek showed him around Lare-Stell and introduced him to everyone. Tommy took a keen interest in what were doing to track the Xanthians and their activities and he thought that perhaps this might be a good place for him to stay. Liasare was happy to see how Tommy and Jurek were joking and laughing together. 
When the time came for them to head to bed she hugged Tommy. “I can’t tell you how happy I am to have you here with us.” When she released him, Jurek flashed them to their quarters.
Extreme weariness overtook her as soon as they turned from energy to mass. Jurek sat her on the edge of the bed and brought her a warm cloth for her to wipe her face. Then he undressed her and put her to bed. Climbing in next to her, he wrapped his arm around her and pulled her against him. With her head nestled on his shoulder, she whispered her thanks, and promptly fell asleep.

Chapter Two

Liasare was alone when she headed back to the headquarters after a night at the clubs on Earth. As she neared the building, an iciness invaded her veins, racing through her like a serpent, and coiling in her intestines. Frozen needles pricked her skin everywhere. Her head exploded with pain, crashing into her like a wrecking ball. She fell to her knees, clenching her skull, the pain so fierce she couldn’t even scream.
“It’s nice to see you again Sarah Liana St. Davis. I told you I would find you one day and that you weren’t safe from me.”
Footsteps approached her. She couldn’t open her eyes. Blinding agony gripped her, but she could hear everything he did. He circled her slowly and reached out to pet her hair. Her power surged forth, singeing his hand. He hissed at the pain, but seemed to like it that her power reacted to him.
“I will tame you soon and when I do we will rule the universe.  You will be mine one day Sarah. You shall see. If you don’t come to me willingly, I will destroy everything you have ever loved.”
Visions began flashing in her mind. Her sister, her nieces and nephews, all bound by some kind of a mesh shield, screaming within the realm of hell. Then the most disturbing vision of all was Jurek, her Alaric, bound and being drained of his power, weakened and dying, his beautiful eyes fading to lifeless orbs of nothing.
Liasare began screaming, “Nooooo! Please, stop it!”
“Then you will join me as mine Sarah Liana St. Davis. You will be my mate or your visions will become reality. Your time is running out. I will find you. I will always find you.”



