DARKNIGHT
Ancient Bloodlines
A Faye Princess Novel

By
LAYLA OMOROSE

SMASHWORDS EDITION

PUBLISHED BY:
Layla J. Omorose on Smashwords

DarKnight; Ancient Bloodlines
A Faye Princess Novel
Copyright © 2014 by Layla Omorose

Smashwords Edition, License Note
Thank you for downloading this eBook. This eBook remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.
 For everyone that continued to believe in me and support me. Thank you.
Now, come into another one of my worlds…

Enter the World of Dissida., where the daughters of a King will bring the most hardened warriors to their knees. 

-Layla 
CONTENTS
GLOSSARY
PROLOGUE
CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
CHAPTER 12
CHAPTER 13
CHAPTER 14
CHAPTER 15
CHAPTER 16
CHAPTER 17
CHAPTER 18
CHAPTER 19
CHAPTER 20
CHAPTER 21
CHAPTER 22
CHAPTER 23
CHAPTER 24
CHAPTER 25
CHAPTER 26
CHAPTER 27
CHAPTER 28
CHAPTER 29
CHAPTER 30
CHAPTER 31
CHAPTER 32
CHPATER 33
PREVIEW
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
 Glossary

Characters and Terms:

The Faye King: 
King Ontligus: the reigning Faye King of the Faye Kingdom in Dissida.

The Faye Queen:
Queen Maryanne: the late Faye Queen.

The Faye Princesses: they are the five daughters of the Faye King and the late Faye Queen and heiresses to the throne:
Darleen Du’Faye: the High Princess of the Faye, she is the first born daughter of the Faye King and late Faye Queen and the heiress to the Faye throne.
Tara Du’Faye: Second High Princess of the Faye, she is the second born daughter of the Faye King and late Faye Queen. 
Joy and Claire Du’Faye: the only set of twins born within the royal family. 
Alexandra Du’Faye: The youngest daughter of the Faye King and late Faye Queen. 

The Warriors of the Elite Faye Army: these males are warriors, handpicked by the King and their commander because of their unique and skilled abilities with weapons and majick. They are tasked with the duty of protecting the Kingdom and handling the harshest and most dangerous missions in the name of the King:
Alexios: the commander and leader of the Faye Army.
Balis: second commander of the Faye Army.
Fearean: a handpicked member of the Elite Faye Army
Kale: a tracker with exceptional abilities and a member of the Elite Faye Army.
Bryan: a strong mage and wizard, he is a handpicked member of the Elite Faye Army. 

The Gods of Ancient Bloodlines: Four beings; The Elf Goddess, The Faye God, The Great Wizard, and The Queen Witch. They are the creators and divine rulers over the world of Dissida. Their duty is to watch over their creations and offspring and prevent the return of an ancient and dark power:
The Elf Goddess: Elaine, the Elf Goddess, is a powerful and beautiful female who, after the first Red Sun, took control over the southern lands and made the home of her creatures in the never dying forest of the Southern Islands. 
The Faye God: Bozark, the creator of the Faye, settled in the land to the east, a vibrant land that he built his palace over. He took control over the Eastern Plains and the Ice Lands of the East. 
The Queen Witch: The strongest and most powerful witch in the world, she took to the forest of the north. There, as time passed and their queen became lost to darkness, the witches became fragments in the history of the world. 
The Great Wizard: Tilamar, The Great Wizard, whose power was in the Western Mountains, was the only being capable of mastering and commanding the dark arts without losing himself to its power.

Alickul: the leader of the Sapplings. 

Ashton: a new and powerful recruit for the Faye Army.

Azul the Green Light of Destruction: the brother to Sod the Red Eyed Destroyer, he is known for his stealth and ability to hunt down and capture his prey. Unlike his brother, he is not amused by the suffering of others.

Baraqel: fearsome beasts that live deep within the forest around the Faye kingdom. These creatures are large and powerful, yet, easily controlled and manipulated by their masters.
Bonaquë: plump and tasty birds found in the forest of Dissida

Dragmar: Balis’s most prized weapon.

The Eastern Plains: home to the Faye and their King. 

Farside: the afterlife.

Golden Swords of the Faye: prestigious swords given only to the strongest and most loyal warrior of the Faye. 

The Great Faye War/ The First Great Faye War: a war that happened during the current King’s rule where the Faye kingdom was attacked by the powerful wizard, Ku’Vane. 

Griselda: the leader of the healers and the most powerful Faye healer. 

Lerned: a mysterious and powerful race that was hunted down because of their ability to change the future.

Louis: the owner of a tavern and, most times, Alexios’s unwilling informant. 

Ma’Laura: the name of Alexios’s deceased mother.

Misty: a beautiful and powerful female whose past is shadowed by darkness. 

Northern Lands: surrounded by the Black Forest, the northern lands are home to the witches.

Nuvey: The High Priestess of the Western Islands.

Osmiumik: a rare and almost indestructible metal.

Queen Elane: the ruling Elf Queen of the Southern Islands.

The Red Sun: an event that happens every 200 years, where the three suns of Dissida become one and cast a crimson glow over the land.

Shadows: formless creatures that are able to possess and harm those around them.

Shadow Beasts/Jackals: large and bloodthirsty creatures bred in the land of the shadows. Varying in appearance, they are capable of devouring entire villages and kingdoms in a matter of minutes.

Shadow Host: a being that is capable of being possessed by a Shadow.

Salvenious de’ Ku’Vane: a dark and extremely powerful wizard, who in his quest for world dominance and ancient power led the first great war against the current Faye king. 

Sapplings: hideous looking males that are used by the Warlock. They are known for being vicious killers and rapist. 

Sod the Red Eyes Destroyer: the brother of Azul the Green Light of Destruction, he is known throughout the dark parts of Dissida for his need for violence and bloodshed.  

Sotem: a powerful warrior with a dark past. 

Southern Islands: the home of the Elves and their Queen.

Taylor: a mysterious young male that was saved by Alexios and his warriors, he has no family and is haunted by the violent death of his mother.

Union ceremony: marriage, union between the Fayes

The Warlock: a powerful wizard whose quest for power has led him to the Faye palace.

The Western Mountains: home to the Wizards and Priestesses who follow the teachings of The Great Wizard. 
Prologue
“I can’t stay here any longer.”
 Darleen looked at her younger sister in bewilderment. Surely, the female had lost her mind. “What you are thinking about doing is unheard of…” She whispered, careful not to wake any of their other sisters. This was the one night of the year, the anniversary of their mother’s death that they all actually spent time together and bonded. When they were younglings, it held them together, made the pain easier to bear. Though in all honesty, as the years went on and they matured into adult females, it became more and more difficult for them to spend more than a few minutes in each other’s company without an argument or vicious fighting. This year it had been Darleen’s room that they gathered in.
 “To leave the palace walls, to leave the safety of our father’s kingdom is suicide. Do you know what those monsters outside would do to you…” she shook her head. “No, you cannot ask this of me Tara.”
“Please, I cannot stay here and be forced to marry that wretched old male. He is a tyrant. Our father cannot see pass the power that he hopes to gain to see what the Warlock is really like…” Tara reached out to touch her oldest sister’s hand, pale blue eyes pleading. 
Darleen stared at her sister for a long moment, the air thick with their silence. She couldn’t blame her for wanting to leave. If she was forced to marry that monstrous male she would run away too. In fact, she had done much worse. Her own guilt made her feel as if she had forced her sister into this situation. Had, she, herself, not rebelled against the King and his wishes she would not be forced to watch her sister make the biggest mistake of her life. Now powerless, she could do nothing about it.
‘”Fine,” Darleen finally sighed.
“Thank you sister,” Tara embraced her in a tight hug, “I do not blame you.” 
The relief that Darleen felt at hearing those words were indescribable. The last thing she wanted was for the one female, she adored above all else to hold a grudge towards her. Deep down, she knew that her sister would never hold any hostile feelings towards her, no matter how selfish her actions were. They had always been the closest of the bunch, and Darleen knew that once her sister was gone, nothing would be the same. Finally, after some time had passed, they separated from each other, tears stinging both their eyes.
“I promise I’ll come back some day.” 
Darleen nodded. “What of Alexios?”
“What of him?”
“He will come looking for you.” 
There was another long silence between them. Then sadness came into Tara’s voice, a loneliness that she got every time she spoke of the warrior.
“Alexios does his job, nothing more. He is loyal because he has been watching me from the moment he came to us.”
Darleen frowned. No, that wasn’t why he never left her side, there was something else there. “He will feel as if he has failed. Our father will treat him as if he has failed.”
“He… he will be ok.” 
Darleen noticed the hesitation in her sister’s voice. 
“He is strong, our strongest warrior, the King’s strongest commander… he will be fine… I have to go now. He will come to check on me shortly.” With that, Tara hugged her eldest sister one last time. 
“Be careful,” Darleen whispered as she watched her sister’s form disappear from the bedroom.
“How am I going to explain this to Alexios?” 
 Chapter 1

Several days later

The tavern was filled with drunken bodies. The putrid smell of piss that mixed in with the air burned Alexios’s nose as he scanned the mass of male bodies around him. Not caring that half of its occupants were criminals that they had locked up numerous times before. The Elite Army of the Faye entered the tavern as if they owned the place. Yet there was no love for the army of the Faye in this place. Here Alexios and his men were the invaders. 
“Spread out,” Alexios ordered. “He’s in here somewhere.” His tone stern and demanding, he had no time to play around. Quickly, his warriors spread out to search different areas of the tavern. As for Alexios, he made his way straight towards the bar, all eyes glued to his every movement. 
“What if he escaped us again?” Balis, his second in command and best friend, said as he walked beside him. 
“He hasn’t.” At least Alexios hoped not. He was running out of time to find the princess. 
Damn it. He cursed himself for letting her get away. What kind of watcher was he that his one and only job slipped right through his fingers? He could kick himself. He should have known she was going to run. Not that he could blame her. He would run to if he was forced to marry something like the Warlock. However, that didn’t excuse the fact that he should have watched her closer, not that he thought that was any more possible than what he had already been doing. He followed her around everywhere she went, lurking in the shadows close by, watching her as she shopped, as she spoke with her friends and sisters, sometimes even as she slept. If he watched her any closer, he would be damn near in bed with her. 
With that thought the image of them wrapped in bed together, her thick locks of golden hair covering his body as she slept quietly and tightly snuggled into his side, flashed into his mind. 
He groaned. He was a male obsessed with his job and it needed to stop. There was no way the two of them could or would ever be together. She was royalty set to marry one of the lands most powerful warlocks and he was the low level soldier, with no family and no majick ability of any kind. His oath had been to protect the kingdom not screw it. He would do well to remember that, it would make letting her go much easier. But first he had to get her back home.
He turned his attention back to the task at hand as he and Balis reached the back of the tavern where the bar was located. 
The moment the overweight bartender laid eyes on them a flash of panic went across his face. A smile played on the edge of Alexios’s lips. Getting information out of him was going to be easy enough. 
“Louis…” Alexios gave him a chilling smile. “It has been a long time.” He continued as Balis took up an empty stool to the right of him, the poorly made seat looked as if it wanted to crack under the warrior’s massive weight.
“Not long enough.” Louis finished wiping off the glass in his hand and set it down in front of Alexios. Then he stared at Alexios with that one eye and jagged scar that ran completely across his face, which made the male look horribly disfigured. “What are you doing here? You know you are not welcome here.”
Alexios gave a side glance to Balis, who chuckled slightly under his breath. He turned his attention back to Louis. He unbuckled his swords from around his waist and laid them on the counter in front of him, knocking the dirty glass off the table. The flimsy made glass shattered into a million pieces as it hit the floor. Alexios, not caring about the mess he made, took a seat on the stool in front of him.
An irate Louis was smart enough not to comment about the broken glass. 
“The Faye Princess is missing. We heard that she was last seen passing through this way with a group of males. I know you have seen her. Even with one eye you know who comes in and out of this disgusting place.” He paused. His casual tone turning low and deadly, “where is she?”
“If you lost your little fairy princess that’s not my problem and it’s not any of my business. Why don’t you and your…” he looked like he wanted to let an insult fly out his mouth, but one look at Balis and he changed his mind, “comrades get out of my place of business.”
Alexios smiled darkly, before Louis knew what was happening to him Alexios had the fat male by the collar of his shirt. With one forceful pull Louis flew over the counter top and crashed to the floor. As he landed, every male in the tavern stood up, ready to draw their weapons. 
“I would sit down if I were you,” Balis said calmly as he rose from his stool. His massive body frame, making the space feel twice as small as it really was, “unless all of you have a death wish today.”
“No one is scared of you.” A worn down male with bald patches and bad teeth said from in the corner of the room. 
“Of course not, they are too busy being scared of your disgusting face and missing hair.” Fearean, the most carefree of Alexios’s warriors, said as he pushed the male from behind. “With that and your bad breath you are much more dangerous than us.” He pushed the male again, this time, causing him to stumble and fall on his face. Fearean laughed as the male glared up at him from the floor. “What’s the matter little male… you want to fight?”
“Knock it off, Fear.” Kale’s dark rumble of a voice echoed in the air around them just before he appeared beside Balis. The best tracker the Faye had, capable of finding just about anything, Kale looked less than amused by Fearean’s antics. The last of Alexios’s warriors to appear was Bryan, who stood beside Fearean looking as if he wanted to be any place but in the tavern. The warrior’s cold gaze scanned the crowd; bored with everything around him. 
Alexios felt the same way as he leveled his gaze on every male in the place. He watched as they wisely backed down and took their seats again, pretending to ignore the group that now circled their host.  
“Look who we got here, it’s our good friend Louis.” Fear bent down so that Louis could look directly into his brown eyes. “Louis you know how this goes tells us where she is and we promise not to take out your other eye… maybe.” He smiled showing off his perfect teeth.
“Knock it off Fear.” Alexios said. 
Fearean laughing darkly rose to his feet.
Alexios had grown tired of the games, kneeling down beside Louis he spoke directly to him. “Where is she, Louis? I don’t have time for your games. Either tell me where she has been taken or,” he motioned his head towards the group of males behind him. “I’ll have them carve the information out of you.” He rose to his feet, all hint of amusement leaving his features. “It’s your choice.”
Alexios closely watched the disfigured male, wondering if he understood the danger he was in.
“They came in about a day or so ago.” His voice trembled as he spoke, “they sat in the corner at the far end of the room, so they wouldn’t draw any attention to themselves-”
“How long did they stay? What were they wearing? Was she chained or looked enslaved? Come on Louis we need details,” Alexios told the aging male.
“They stayed for a few hours, talking amongst themselves.“
“Did you hear what they were talking about?”
Louis started to shake his head no but thought better of it once he felt the sharp end of a sword pressed against the nape of his neck. “I… I couldn’t really hear… but the young male who served them, he… he could hear everything they said.”
“Where is the youngling?” 
“He is outside in the stables… he sleeps there during his off hours.” 
Alexios nodded to Bryan, who was the closest to the back door. He quickly went off to find the male.
Alexios turned his attention back to Louis. “Continue… what they looked like?  What were they wearing?” While Alexios waited for Louis’s response, he saw that the male had gone completely silent, his eyes fixed on the doors of the tavern. Alexios and his soldiers’ gazes, except for Fearean, whose attention remained solely on Louis, went towards the front door. In the doorway stood several males, covered from head to toe in black armor. 
“Who are they?” Fearean asked while his sword still remained pressed to Louis’s neck.
“Collectors,” Balis responded. His gaze narrowed on Louis. The fat male trembled, as well he should. Every being with a brain in their head was smart enough to fear Collectors, and Louis was no different. It seemed the male had a brain after all. Collectors were known for being merciless, and pitiless. They killed males and females, younglings and anything else that stood in their way. 
Why are they here? Balis wondered as he turned his gaze back to the males who stood motionless at the entrance of the tavern.
 “What are they doing here?” Kale asked with a hint of annoyance, his hand reaching for the sword that was fastened to his side. 
Not responding to Kale’s question, Alexios yanked Louis off the floor, “you’re coming with me… Balis?”
“Yeah.” 
“Keep an eye on them while I’m gone. When Bryan comes back, tell him I am upstairs. The rest of you try not to do any serious damage while I’m gone.” 
Basil nodded. With his orders issued, Alexios dragged Louis up the back stairs. 
“Ok, you heard the boss, no serious damage.” 
Kale and Fearean nodded; drawing their weapons a moment before the Collectors noticed them.

Louis cursed as he landed on the floor. His sore back screaming in pain as it hit the hardwood. 
“What were they wearing?” He heard the commander of the guard ask again. Louis looked up to see hard eyes narrowed on him. The male, Faye, or whatever he was, made an opposing sight in his chain mail and armor, metal boots, and golden swords that marked his status within the army. Only generals and commanders were given the Golden Swords of the Faye or so he’d been told by a former servant of the king. To be given those swords, one had to show exceptional majick ability, strength and loyalty to the royal family. 
But to be honest, Louis, himself, held a great respect for the warrior in front of him, despite them having a rugged past between them. Many myths and stories that he heard as a youngling made the Faye out to be weak creatures. He quickly learned those stories were nowhere near the truth. Or if it was, it didn’t count the Faye that ruled in this land. These Faye’s were some of the most powerful creatures in the eastern lands. Alexios and his crew were a far cry from the fragile creatures that played in youngling stories. They were ruthless and cutthroat. 
He remembered when he first heard Alexios’s name, it had been right after The First Great War, where the warlock leader Salvenious de’ Ku’Vane had tried to overthrow the Faye King, King Ontligus. Louis remembered hearing how it was Alexios who had saved the king and his daughters’ lives by ripping the warlocks head off with his bare hands after he had gone after the second born princess. Never, in the history of the Faye, had a solider been possessed with so much rage that he physically ripped one of the most powerful warlocks head off with his bare hands. Ever since then Alexios’s name was feared throughout the land. He and his army’s exploits were the stories parents told their youngling’s when they misbehaved.
“Louis, do you hear me or have you gone completely deaf.” Alexios’s impatient reputation preceded him.
“They were dressed in…” He paused, thinking back to the group of males that had come into the tavern. “They wore long black hooded robes when they first walked in. They didn’t look at anyone or anything. They simply took a table in the back.” He paused, “their hoods covered their faces, it wasn’t until another male, taller than the rest with a royal looking blue robe came in with a female and sat at their table did they remove their hoods.” He slowly rose to his swollen feet. He made his way to his makeshift bed as Alexios absorbed what he just told him.
“The female, did she have pale blue eyes and long golden hair... Tall, with long legs?” Alexios voice was barely above a whisper and Louis had to strain to hear him.
“Her face was covered…”
“These males, what did they look like?” By now Alexios was pacing the tiny space. Louis was getting dizzy trying to keep up with him. 
“They all looked exactly the same, pale silver hair and gray eyes, they resembled adolescent younglings in the middle of transitioning into mature males… but their hands, their hands looked like the hands of aging males. And their nails, long and yellow looking, curved several times.”
“Sapplings,” Louis heard Alexios whisper just as another warrior appeared in the room with them. Louis looked at the warrior and felt the urge to run and hide in his small closet. Malice and rage filled the space between them as he held on to the small male at his side. 
“Here’s the youngling.” His voice so deep that Louis wasn’t sure he heard him. “I’m going down stairs with the others.” With that, the warrior tossed the youngling in front of Alexios and left the room. 
Louis felt bad for the male, whose frail body trembled from head to toe. 
Alexios cold eyes stared the youngling down. Large brown eyes looked up at him with fear. In an effort to ease the young male’s nerves, Alexios, bent down so that he and the male were face to face. His features softening as he spoke.  
“What is your name?” 
“Taylor.” The soft voice barely reached his ears.
“Taylor, I am Alexios.” 
The male’s face lit up at the sound of Alexios’s name. “I know who you are.” His voice raised a notch with his excitement. “You are the one that killed Salvenious de’ Ku’Vane… my mother loves you… I mean loved you, before she died.”
“I am very sorry for your lose. How long have you been here?”
“Three years.” As if some courage had been slapped into him, his back straightened and he finally looked Alexios in the eye. “I do very good work and I work very hard… I hope to one day be a warrior like you.”
As Louis watched the exchange between the two of them, he saw something flash in Alexios’s eyes at the youngling’s words. As quick as the emotion had come it was gone.
“That is a fine goal to have Taylor. But I have a question to ask you.”
“Sure Alexios you can ask me anything.” Taylor said excitedly, which earned a slight smile from the warrior.
 “Do you remember the males who came in here yesterday?” When the youngling just looked at him with confused eyes, Alexios probed more. “They came in here with a female, wearing a mask.”
Alexios watched as all color fled from the male’s face. His eyes darted back and forth around the room. “Taylor… do you know the males I am talking about?”
He shook his head up and down slowly. His small hands were balled into fist, in the hopes to stop his body from shaking as he remembered the monstrous faces of the five males. “They… they had yellow and wrinkled skin, with pale silver hair and cold gray eyes. Their teeth… their teeth, some looked like they were chewing on rocks. Others were sharp and covered with dry blood stains.” His voice cracked as he continued. “They smelled Alexios, I mean really, really bad. They smelled like rotten flesh.”
Both Louis and Alexios stared at the male. Louis because he didn’t know the youngling was such a great liar and Alexios because the male had seen through the Sapplings disguise and down into their true appearance. It took an incredibly strong warlock to be able to look past the Sapplings disguise. He still had a hard time seeing them, but this youngling, who could be no older than eleven winters, saw through them with perfect ease.
“What of the female?” Alexios asked once his shock wore off.
“She was beautiful, pure innocence even though those males tried to take it. I could see in her spirit Alexios that she would not give into them. She called out for help but I was the only one who could hear her… she called out for her warrior… her savior.”
Alexios heart stopped beating at Taylor’s last words. She had called out for him and he had failed her. Coldness the likes of which he had never known swept across his body. He made a promise to himself and to her that everyone of those monsters would die by his hands.
 “I tried to help her Alexios, I tried, but they were too strong, they kept me back, they kept me from their minds.” He started to sob. “I couldn’t help… I failed you. I swear I didn’t know she was the princess… I would have tried harder… I swear I would have Alexios.”
“It’s ok, Taylor, you did more than most warriors would have done after seeing those creatures.” Alexios reassured the small male with a pat on the top of his head, but he still couldn’t believe what he was hearing. This boy was something special… different and Alexios had to get him back for the King to see. “Did you hear where they were taking her?” 
He nodded his head yes. “Something about an auction.”
Alexios felt all color drain from his face. 
An auction…
He couldn’t let that happen. He knew what went on at these auctions and he didn’t want his – the – princess anywhere near it. He had to get to her and quick. Good thing there was only one auction arena in this area and it was less than half a day’s travel. Alexios rose to his feet and turned his attention to Louis. “The youngling is coming with us,” before Louis could say a word Alexios and Taylor vanished from his sight. 

Alexios reappeared downstairs expecting to see his males gathered and waiting for him, instead what he found was a brawl. Bodies were being thrown everywhere. Twice since he had appeared in the room, he had to move Taylor out the way of a flying body part. 
“This piece of shit just cut me.” Fearean’s voice rang out over the fighting. Alexios turned just in time to see Fear drive his sword into the male’s stomach and twist.  “Pathetic.” Distaste rung in Fear’s voice as he kicked the dead male off his sword.
Alexios shook his head, he should have known better than to leave them alone for more than a few seconds. He looked next to Fearean to see Kale, with Bryan covering his back, decapitating a male. Blood sprayed him all in the face as the head landed at Alexios’s feet.
“I swear they act like younglings.” Alexios grumbled to himself. Looking down beside him, he turned his attention to the youngling beside him. The young male’s body had gone stiff as his gaze remained focused on the blood at his feet. A strange feeling, one he couldn’t describe, went through him. It disturbed and unnerved him all at the same time. There was indeed something different about the male beside him. He just wasn’t sure of what it was.  
Alexios turned to his side to see Balis sitting in the same spot he had been in before he left with Louis. “I said to watch them.”
“They are grown males, if they can’t watch themselves by now then shame on them.” With that Balis downed whatever intoxicating substance he was drinking, then punched the male in the face that had been charging towards him with his sword drawn. 
“Will you get them, I know where the princess is and I need Fearean to take the youngling to the castle. I’ll be waiting outside.”
Balis looked at the young male then back at Alexios, he raised a brow.
“I will explain later, just get them, time is running out.” Alexios turned and headed out the backdoor with the smaller male just as someone’s body part would have hit him in the back of his head. 
Chapter 2

Tara du Faye, the second high Princess of the Faye, stood in the rain shivering. She was freezing her royal ass off and if those pieces of crap that took her didn’t give her something to put on she was sure to freeze to death. She was sure they wouldn’t want to go to the auction with a dead Faye princess. Then again, after the way those monsters had treated her, she thought death would be better, at least they wouldn’t make any profit off of her…
“Yeah, right,” she grumbled through chattering teeth. A dead Faye princess was worth triple her weight in gold on the Black Market. The Black Market was a place where majick, organs, and any dark majick artifact was sold or traded for a high profit. Her father, the king, had long ago banned selling and trading within the market. Yet, there were many who had too much of a profit to quit the trade. In an effort to avoid getting caught many black merchants sold their goods in the darkest parts of the land. 
She shivered, though not from the rain, but the thought of her insides being poked at then taken from her body to be sold for food to monsters like the ones who now held her captive. But before all of that, they would strip her powers from her while she was awake. A pure blooded Faye could not live without their majickal abilities.
Her sister had been right. She should have stayed home and married that old fart of a warlock. Surely being married to him would have been better than standing in the freezing rain with nothing but her undergarments. At this moment, being married to the Warlock sounded like a much better plan than being put on stage, in an arena in front of horny low class males, to be sold to the highest bidder. True, she felt as if her father had sold her to the highest bidder already, but at least she would be warm and in a palace surrounded by her friends and family… around her guards who would have enjoyed ripping the heads off these Sapplings and then feeding them to the creatures in the darkness.
Had Alexios been around, they all would have died before she even knew she was in danger. 
“Alexios,” she sighed as her legs weakened beneath her. If she didn’t sit down, she was going to fall on her face. The last thing she need was to be laid out on her stomach in nothing but her undergarments around a species that were known throughout the land for being brutal rapist. She pulled at the chains around her wrist. Granted they tried, a few times, to force them-selves on her but her majick had been too strong. So, why wasn’t she strong enough to break the chains that shackled her to them? 
Not wanting to be found with her ass in the air she eased her frozen body onto the cold ground. A new wave of chills swept through her. Her lips were cracking and her finger tips had turned blue. She couldn’t feel her face or the wind that smacked it. The only part of her body that she could somewhat move was her eyes. Even her hair was frozen stiff. One thing about living on the eastern side of the world; was that the weather was unpredictable. One moment it was hot and humid. Other times it was cold and rainy.  
“Here, take this.” The soft voice came from behind her, as did the warmth of the blanket that covered her shoulders. She would have sighed in relief if she could. “Put it over your head…” there was a pause as soft hands adjusted the warm blanket so that it covered her entire body. “Don’t worry about the rain, I placed a simple spell on it so that the rain water wouldn’t damage it.”
Tara tried to move her head so that she could see the wonderful being that had just saved her life. But her neck was still stiff, even as the unnatural heat of the blanket began to sink deep into her.
“Don’t try and move, just let the blanket work its majick… and don’t worry about the Sapplings seeing it, I also put a spell of invisibility on it.”
“Tha… thank you.” She managed to push out through her frozen lips.
“Don’t mention it. Us, females have to stick together.” She said as she finally stepped in front of Tara. Being that Tara still couldn’t move her body just yet the female bent down, allowing Tara to see her face. She recognized the female. She had been captured two days ago and placed separately from Tara and the other females. But then she had been in a burgundy dress. Now she kneeled before Tara in black undergarments. 
“The name’s Misty.” The female said, smiling. 
Tara tried to smile back, but it hurt her face. With her eyes, she was still able to take in the beauty of the female. It was clear the she wasn’t a Faye or at least a pure blooded Faye, given the fact that Tara couldn’t sense her majick. The female was similar to Alexios, not a mortal but not Faye, so then what was she. Tara decided the answer to the question could wait as she felt the sensation coming back into her hands. 
Misty was a beautiful name for a beautiful female. Instantly Tara became fascinated by the female’s flaming red hair that stood out brightly against the darkness of the night. Her bright green eyes spoke volumes of her kindness. The soft features of her face almost made her appear childlike but her pouty lips, arched brows showed that she was indeed a mature female. Well, that and her body. The female was just busting out in all the right places. Tara would bet that males fell to their knees just for a chance to speak with her let alone touch her. 
Her thoughts wandered to Alexios. She wondered what kind of females he liked. He had been protecting her for years now and he spent more time with her than his own warriors. After all this time she couldn’t think of an instance that she had seen or even heard about him with a female. She figured since he was such a large male he would want a beautiful creature like Misty, a female with soft curves and a lush body. Not a twiggy thing like her with barely average breast and almost no hips. 
Even still, she had always thought there was something between them. Yet, she knew better. They were worlds apart, separated by social status and class. She was just letting her imagination run wild. But how she missed him, she missed waking up knowing that he was waiting for her before their first meal. Often times she would watch him from the shadows as he sampled every dish prepared for her and the royal family. There were many times when her heart hammered in her chest in fear that one day there would be poison in the food and her warrior would be taken from her. Though she feared for his life she favored those quiet moments when it was just the two of them. With no one around, no servants, sisters, or king, she was allowed to freely express herself. For those brief moments, Tara no longer had to hide her true feelings. Her smile would widen as she watched him savor each piece of food he placed in his mouth. Dressed in common clothes, he was a sight that she woke up extra early to see. 
She smiled under her hood as the image of him wearing a shirt that barely covered his muscled body and pants that hugged his tone legs popped into her head. There were times when she awoke before him just to prepare his favorite food. She knew that the rations for the warriors, even those of the Faye, were small. She knew there were times when her warrior didn’t have his fill. On those days she made sure to prepare rare blue deer, whose meat was so tender and savory that other beings killed for it, over grained rice from the Southern Lands. Though it was a simple dish it was one she had perfected just for him. When she watched him, his eyes practically rolling in the back of his head from delight, a wave of pure feminine satisfaction washed over her. Many times she wanted to tell him the truth, but she refused to deprive herself of watching him open that juicy looking mouth of his and taste her cooking. 
Now why would she do that to herself?  
“You look tired… rest I will watch your back.”
Tara looked skeptical. 
“Don’t worry. Lay down by the tree and I will sit behind you so that they can’t see you.”
Tara wasn’t too sure about that plan, but her body needed the rest. She couldn’t remember the last time she had a full night’s rest and not a five or three minute nap. Nodding, she moved her body so that she was lying down, but still tucked under the blanket. Resting her covered head on the thick root of the tree she closed her eyes and wondered what her sisters were doing without her, what Alexios was doing without her. But then again, she knew that was a stupid question.  She knew what he was doing. He was out looking for her. Her warrior wouldn’t rest until he had her back and safely with him. Those Sapplings were going to be sorry once he found them. She just hoped she was around when he came for them…
The sound of footsteps and male laughter woke Tara up from her peaceful sleep. She bolted upright only to hit heads with Misty, who had been trying to wake her up. She groaned as she rubbed the forming lump on her forehead.
“Damn, your head is as hard as a rock.” Misty said as she rubbed the side of her head that was also forming a lump. 
“Sorry.” Tara said as she stretched her stiff body. “What’s going on? I heard footsteps,” 
“They came to wake us up… they’ll be back. Give me the blanket in the sun, they can see it.”
“Ok.” Tara responded. “Here,” she tossed the blanket to Misty. 
“Watch this.” 
Tara watched with a raised brow as Mist wrapped the blanket around her body. Instantly it morphed into the burgundy dress she had been wearing the first day she had been brought to the camp. Tara gaped, then closed her mouth.
“I wondered where that dress went.”  They shared a brief laugh at Tara’s shocked tone, then sat in silence as they watched the other females wake. 
“Look over there.” Misty said as she turned her head to the tent of the leader of the Sapplings. It was a massive sized tent that sat in the middle of the camp, constantly surrounded by Sapplings. 
Tara watched on mortified as the creatures that paraded around as male dragged a female’s lifeless body through the dirt and mud. The female’s body was pale as snow, her eyes wide open and lifeless. She looked familiar somehow. There were bruises and bite marks clearly visible on all parts of her body. Her once luscious brown hair looked as if it had been yanked out from the scalp by the way it was hanging off her head. They dragged her over to the stream a couple a feet away from the tent. Together the Sapplings lifted her body and tossed her like she was a piece of trash into the water.
“Perverted monsters” Misty mumbled under her breath. Tara found herself nodding in agreement. It didn’t take a genius to know what had killed the female. Those creatures were monsters. They had all raped the female over and over again throughout the course of the night. Tara was sure by the way the female’s throat looked there had been something stuffed in her mouth to keep her quiet. There was no doubt in her mind that they continued to violate her long after she was dead. She prayed Alexios found her soon.
Misty and Tara sat in silence, watching as one by one they came out of their tents and lined up in front of the wagon. This was their daily routine, every day they lined up and waited for their leader to come out. Once their chief and commander awoke they would make their way towards the females and inspect each one, each day looking to see what one would join them in their beds at night. So far Tara had seen three females killed by these monsters, and all of them tossed to the side like the female today. 
“Sapplings!” The leader’s voice was like nails on a chalk board to Tara’s ears. She hated that creature with a passion that enraged her beyond anything she had ever felt. Tall, lanky, and pale he had been the first one to try and take her, but she showed him quickly that she was not to be taken by any male. She thought he would kill her, but instead he had smiled the most hideous smile she had ever seen and told her that her royal ass would make him a very rich creature. 
“Alickul,” they said as they bowed in unison.
“Bunch of pansies,” Misty grumbled again. 
Tara continued to watch as they spoke to their leader. Once they were done, they all separated, each Sappling heading in a direction of a female. Being that Misty and Tara sat on a small hill by the tree they were able to watch as the Sapplings yanked the females to their feet and forcefully, almost brutality, examined their bodies. They left nothing unchecked. By the time the leader reached Misty and Tara the two females were prepared to battle every last Sappling if they thought to touch them like that, chains be damned.
“Relax,” his voice made them both cringe. “No one is going to touch you… both of you are going to fetch me a pretty penny at the auction today.” He had the audacity to run that long yellow curved nail down the side of Misty’s face. Tara had to fight the urge to vomit, while Misty looked as if she was ready to take a chunk out of him and feed it to his followers. 
A dark growl echoed from Misty. Alickul laughed. The sound, making Tara’s ear bleed. Quickly sobering, he turned his cold stare to Tara. “Don’t worry princess you will be in good hands soon enough.” With that, he turned and walked away from them. 
“Get the two by the tree. They go today. The others are ours.” He told his males as he walked back into his tent. 
In unison they all turned their disgusting stares to Misty and Tara, smiles curving the edges of their lips as they began their approach. Before Tara could respond, she felt their cold and slimy hands on her, pulling her resistant body to its feet and forcing her to walk behind the wagon towards the arena. 

Alexios couldn’t shake the feeling that something wasn’t quite right about this whole situation as he and his crew made their way through the thick forest trees, leaves and branches crushed under the weight of their heavy boots.
“What are Sapplings doing with the princess?” Kale said as he kneeled down, examining the tracks left by a wagon and horses. “The trail is fresh. I’d say not more than a few hours old.”
“They work for the Warlock. You would think that they would be taking her to him not to the arena… something’s not right.” Balis stated as he eyed the surrounding forest.
Alexios agreed with his longtime friend, something was definitely wrong. If only they knew what it was. Why were the Sapplings auctioning off the princess? Was the Warlock behind this? He didn’t know. All he knew was that this whole situation rubbed him the wrong way.
“Alexios! Over here.” Kale shouted from a stream a few feet in front of him. Quickly Alexios, Balis, and Bryan, who had been eerily quiet, made their way over to the stream.
What Alexios found in that stream made his blood run cold. Never had he seen a female’s body so badly bruised and broken. Her huge open eyes stared straight at him, branding the brutality of her murder in his head. He prayed to the Faye god that he wasn’t too late to save the princess.
“Disgusting monsters,” Alexios heard Bryan growl from behind him. He could feel the male’s rage emitting off of him in waves. He turned his head to see the Balis and Kale had walked further upstream.
 “Bryan, cover her.” He said as he walked away from the body to see what they had found. 
When he reached them and saw their faces masked in fury he knew whatever they found was not good. Alexios looked down into the stream to find two more females dead, their blood mixing with the water. 
“Get them out of there.” Alexios ordered as he walked away from the decomposing females. He couldn’t look at them like that any longer. The longer he stood there staring at their dead bodies the more he feared that the princess’s body would be the next body they found floating in the stream. Blind fury gripped him. He had to brace himself on the tree next to him as a wave of dizziness hit him. He felt overheated in his armor, like he couldn’t breathe because there was a weight sitting on his chest. 
“Alexios…” Balis voice made its way into his throbbing head. He looked up to find his second in command staring warily at him. “Are you alright?”
“I’m fine” Even his voice sounded worn out. He pushed himself from the tree, as he did his knees gave out on him. He fell forward and would have landed face first on the muddied ground had Balis’s big arm not caught him.
“You are not fine. This is happening a lot lately, ever since you found out the princess was taken you haven’t been yourself.” Balis held him steady while the feeling in his legs started to return. 
“I’m fine” He forced himself to stand on his own.  “We have to keep moving.” With that, he walked slowly around Balis, careful not to move too fast. He didn’t need the rest of his males knowing that their leader had a weakness. As it was Balis wasn’t supposed to have known, but they had been in the middle of a conversation when it happened the first time. A peasant had been listening in on their conversation. The hunched back old male said he knew the female they were talking about. Demanding he tell them all he knew, Alexios tossed a few coins his way. The old male had been more than happy to tell that the princess had been ambushed from behind and shackled by a group of males. It was then that blind rage had consumed him and he felt himself losing control. Balis had been holding him up then too. 
“These females had been beautiful.” He heard Kale say to Bryan as he approached the dead bodies. 
Indeed, they had, but the Sapplings made sure to destroy that beauty in their brutal assault. Alexios looked at the three females, their bodies covered in bite marks. Black and blue bruises covered two of the female’s faces, the third one looked as if some round object had been shoved down her throat. Their hair, all long and dark, was nearly scalped from their heads. He could see half of their exposed skull. The marks and blood on the inside of their thighs showed they had been raped, most likely until they died. Even then he doubted they stopped their vicious assault. 
“What is the point in destroying such beauty?” Kale spoke, his voice continuing to fill with anger. Alexios understood Kale’s fury, Kale was a male who loved females and appreciated them in every shape and size. Alexios could never see Kale destroying a female’s body like the ones in front of them now.
“Bryan, can you tell where their homelands are?” Alexios asked as he smoothed the hair from one of the female’s faces. Following the command issued to him, Bryan used his unique majick to sense the birthplaces of the females. Of all his warriors, Bryan was the only one that possessed such a talent. The warrior could trace the birthplace of any creature, be it male or female; all except Alexios. No one, not even Alexios knew where he came from. A long time ago when he had first heard of Bryan’s majick he asked the male to see if he picked up anything from him, but it was useless. Not even Bryan, being the son of a legendary wizard, could tell Alexios anything about his family. 
“The end ones are from the northern providences” Bryan’s gaze went to the middle one. His eyes flared a bright white that Alexios had never seen before. “She is the daughter of Queen Elane, the Elf Queen of the Southern Island.”
Alexios felt his body go stiff at the mention of the queen’s name. “This is Helene? The Queen’s only daughter,” he barely recognized the girl he had met five years ago. Well, she had been a mature female when she was taken Alexios could see that. From what he remembered she had been such a happy youngling, laughing and loving the plush life of royalty. Now she was cold and lifeless. The horror of her death forever etched into her face. The Queen was not going to be happy. 
“This is not good.” Balis said from beside him.
No, this wasn’t good, it wasn’t good at all. Queen Elane was peaceful, but not when it came to her family or race. She could be just as cold and heartless as the Sapplings. Add to that Helene was her only offspring. Next in line for the throne, Alexios knew it was a matter of time before she let every being feel the wrath of her anguish. “Bryan, I need you to take those two to the north and give them to the families.”
He felt more than heard Bryan’s agreement. Then the warrior vanished along with the two females. 
“Kale?”
“Yeah,” his voice was somber as he stared at the female he had loved in secret. 
“I need you to take Helene back to the Queen,” there was a heavy silence between them. “Kale?”
“Yeah… you got it.”
Alexios watched as Kale stepped up to Helene’s body; bending down beside her he closed her eyes, with a flick of his wrist covered her with a thick black blanket. Alexios could see his comrade’s body trembling from his grief as he scooped the female’s body into his arms. As if she was still alive her head turned and nestled into his arm. Kale placed a kiss on her forehead as he vanished from their sight, a single tear falling from his face.
“He is never going to be the same.” Balis said.
“Would you?” Alexios said dryly as he made his way from the stream. “We don’t have that much further to go.” He continued his path through the woods in the direction of the arena and to the princess.
Hold on princess. I’m on my way. And gods help those beasts if they damaged you in any way. They will all meet their end by the end my blade.
With Balis on his heels, they made their way through the rest of the forest in silence. Each lost in their very own thoughts. 
 
Chapter 3

Never in her life had she seen anything like the arena, granted she only seen the entrance area and the cellar she and Misty were being kept in, it was still enough for her to know that this was not a place she wanted to be. She looked to her left at Misty, who had long ago gone quiet. The other female hadn’t uttered a single word to Tara, during the whole three hour trip. She had started to ask Misty if she was alright, however the haunted look on her companion’s face made her change her mind. In whatever place or memory, which haunted Misty, was a place Tara didn’t want to go. Instead of reaching out to Misty, Tara looked around the small cell they were being held in. One of the many worn down cells that held the females that were to be auctioned off.
As she had been led into her cell she had been mortified by the number of young females that were in this place, too many to count, too many innocent faces that begged for help. But what could she do? How could she help them when she couldn’t even help herself? 
The hard ground made her butt sore. The insects that called the cells home gathered along the far wall as if they had just been given the meal of a lifetime. She wanted to go home, she wished she could. Her own foolishness had gotten her into this mess. She had no choice but to deal with the consequences of her actions. 
“Disgusting bug,” Misty grumbled as she flicked the over sized roach away from her, which landed close to Tara’s stretched out legs. 
Tara quickly drew her legs to her chest to avoid the nasty bug. She prayed it wouldn’t come any closer. She couldn’t stand bugs. They made her skin crawl. Even now she only stayed in place because she was chained to the floor with nowhere to run. But at least she wasn’t cold, Misty had given her that blanket, dress, again. It kept her warm and kept the dirty water that fell from the ceiling from hitting her. Instead, it hit the dried blood that was splattered across the floor. Keeping her eyes off the blood, she focused on something other than what had happened to the last females who were held in the cell.
“Hey!” A female voice called to her from across her cell. 
Tara looked in the direction the voice came from but couldn’t see anything, the lighting too dim for her to make out the female’s face that now spoke to her.
“Hey, can you hear me?” She continued as she tried to contain her voice. 
“Yes,” Tara responded as she looked to Misty, who had also heard the female. 
“You are the Faye princess aren’t you? The one that the group of males are looking for.” 
Tara couldn’t help the spark of hope that lit up inside of her at the mention of Alexios and his warriors. “Yes, I am Tara… but tell me how do you know these males are looking for me?”
“Everyone, even those of us condemned to this nightmare, knows of the runaway princess and the warrior who will stop at nothing to get her back.” There was an eerie knowing, feeling that accompanied the female’s words. Unease crept through Tara’s body.
“Where are you from?” Misty finally spoke, but her voice was raw. Tara didn’t know if should be concerned or just leave it alone. 
“I am Nuvey. I am… I used to be the high priestess of the Western Continents”.
“You are from the land of the Wizards? How did you end up in a place like this?” Misty questioned the female.
Tara took note of the sudden hostility in her friend’s tone.
“That is none of your concern,” the female answered with the same hostile tone as Misty. For a long moment neither female spoke.
“Well,” it was Misty, who broke the tense silence with a heavy sigh, “Nuvey, I am Misty” she gestured her head towards Tara, though she doubted the female could see the movement, “you already know Tara… how long have you been here?”
“A little over six weeks” the female sighed. Tara could hear her as she moved around in her cell. 
“Tell me,” Tara asked. Her heart suddenly quickened. “Did you happen to overhear what these males looked like? Was one described as extremely handsome with jet black hair and glacier blue eyes?”
“They were all described as handsome princes…” The female priestess paused. “But yes, I remember hearing of one male that was said to be better looking than the rest. I actually managed to catch a glimpse of him before I was taken… he was indeed powerful. Beautiful with untapped power… so deadly,” the female sounded in awe. 
Tara felt a small part of her spark with jealously. She quickly shook it off. There was no way the female was talking about her warrior. She must have confused him with another warrior, perhaps the blue haired one. Alexios possessed no majickal abilities of any kind. With that reminder, Tara’s heart sunk to the bottom of her chest. 
 “Tell me, Priestess, what was his name… did you happen to hear what they called him? The male with the blue eyes,” now Misty sounded excited and once again that spark of jealousy went through Tara. 
“Alex… something.”
Tara’s heart skipped a beat. “Alexios,” she said on a breath.
“Yes, that was his name. Alexios, a strong name for a very strong warrior…” Nuvey paused for a moment and they all could hear the fast approaching footsteps of the Sapplings. “He is coming for you princess, do not give up hope.” 
Tara smiled and started to ask the female for more information, but the door to the cellar was pulled open and all the cells were covered with a blinding light that hurt Tara’s eyes. 
“Come whores, it is time for you to earn your keep.” The dark voice came just as a dark shadow towered over Tara and Misty’s cell, blocking all light. Misty growled low in her throat, a feral sound, as the males began to open the cell doors. The male that entered their cell was not a Sappling like Tara had been expecting, but a very large mortal male, that laughed as he backed handed Misty across the face so hard that Tara would have sworn her neck should have broke. 
“Don’t threaten me sweetie!” He said as he yanked a dizzy Misty up by her hair. “There’s a fire in you.” He gave a chilling smile that made goose bumps break out across Tara’s body. “I will have to make sure my crew gets you.” 
He turned his attention to Tara. Her body stiffened as she braced herself for his hit. Instead of hitting her, he wrapped his large hands in her hair, the same way he had done Misty, and pulled her to her feet. A sharp pain shot through her body as the chain wrapped around her demanded she sit back down. She wanted to cry out but refused to give the beast in front of her that satisfaction. She met his onyx gaze, pretending to be fearless when on the inside she was terrified. 
He gave her that chilling smile again, then released her hair. She stumbled back, but did not fall. 
“Bring them,” he ordered. From behind him came a group of oversized mortal males. “Make sure to take extra care with the blonde one,” his comment earned her several malicious grins as the group advanced towards her and Misty. 
“Don’t-” Misty was once again backhanded so hard that she was knocked to the ground. 
“Misty!” Tara rushed to her friend’s side. “Are you ok? Your lip is bleeding.” As she reached to wipe the blood that trickled down her lip, Misty slapped her hand away. Shocked, Tara could do nothing but stare. 
“I’m fine,” Misty growled. 
“Come beauties, it is time,” with that Tara felt herself being pulled to her sore feet. Shackles were placed around her wrist and ankles. The chain from around her waist dropped to the floor. Before she could enjoy the disappearance of the weight, a chain was placed around her neck, linking her to the group of female slaves outside her cell.
 Dread built inside her chest as she was pushed out of her cell, Misty along with her. With each step she took towards the auctioning arena a piece of her world crumbled. She prayed her warrior would save her before she fell victim to the dark appetite of the arena. 

Alexios and Balis stood in front of the massive crowd that had gathered in the arena’s main area waiting for the females to be brought to the stage. They had changed out of their battle gear just before exiting the thickness of the forest. To outsiders, they looked just like any other pair of buyers. There was no way they would have been able to pass the front gate undetected if they had remained dressed in their armor. Every creature in the land knew the armor of the Faye. As it was, Alexios was glad he and his warriors never traveled this far out of the kingdom during times of peace, no one here would recognize their faces. 
“I hate this place.” Balis grumbled under his breath.
“We won’t be here long.” Alexios told his comrade. 
“Let’s hope not. These…” Balis growled as he looked down at the small creature that had been pushed into him. His hand started towards his sword that was tucked at his side. Alexios placed a halting hand on his friend’s shoulder. 
“Balis relax. That is just a poor messenger… he’s no threat to you.”
Balis growled, but relaxed his hold on his weapon. Alexios watched as the small creature, with a head and eyes to big for its body, ran off towards the back of the stage.
 “If one more creature bumps into me, I’m going to cut its head off.” Balis stated as he crossed his arms back across his chest, his eyes forever scanning his surroundings.
“You shouldn’t have brought your sword.”
“And come in here defenseless like you? No thanks.”
Alexios ignored Balis snide tone, “I left my swords behind because every creature in here knows the swords of the Faye. The moment I would have walked in here with it attached to my waist, they all would have known who I was. Being the pathetic creatures that they are, they would have run and taken the princess with them… that’s a chance I was not willing to take.” He paused. “And if you draw your weapon they would know that you’re part of the Faye army as well.” With that, Alexios ended their conversation just as the giant gong that rested on the top of the arena wall rung out. The doors on the sides of the arena opened. A hush fell over the crowd.
“Here they come.” Balis’s body stiffened as the females were pulled in by a group of rough looking mortal males. 
As Alexios watched the females being dragged in like cattle his rage spiked. The females that were dragged in were dirty and damn near naked. All that covered them was whatever undergarments they had on when they were taken. Some females were completely naked. Others had bruises covering their bodies. Several of them looked malnourished to the point that their rib cages could be seen moving up and down with their breathing. Neither he nor Balis spoke as one after the other the females were brought in and placed on broken down stage for display. Shackled together by their necks, hands and feet, any hope for escape was lost.  
 There was one female, a small package of a female, who caught his eye. He recognized the jeweled necklace that hung around her neck. He had only met her once, but the encounter was branded into his mind.
Nuvey? How did she end up here? He wondered. He knew for a fact that the high priestess was never without her guards and if she was, she was still one of the most powerful beings around… how did these creatures get her?
He caught sight of the bruises around her left eye. An angry tic worked in his jaw. He vowed to torch the whole place down for the cruelty those pigs had done to these females, but first he had to find the princess. He had yet to see her being brought to the stage.
Where are you princess? Just as that thought crossed his mind he saw her being pulled by an oversized male. She looked tired and worn down. Her head hanging low her hair covered the side of her face that faced the crowd. He watched. Wanting to cut the throat of every male on the stage, as the princess was forced to the center of the stage, along with her a female with flaming red hair and bright green eyes. The female had a familiarity about her that Alexios couldn’t place. The swollen eye, she wore, angered Alexios even more.
He and Balis watched as the male unchained the princess from the other female. Her head still down, Alexios was sure that he was the only one that knew that she was the Faye princess.
“Show your face to the world, whore.” The male’s harsh voice echoed. 
Alexios felt his rage in his veins as the male, with his hands wrapped in the golden hair of the princess, yanked her head back with enough force to snap her neck. Then he pushed her forward for the crowd to see. The red headed female started towards the male only to have one of his friends come and restrain her. Alexios took a step forward, then stepped back, not wanting to draw unwanted attention. He blended back in with the crowd and counted the thirteen males that guarded the stage.
Alexios smirked. He would kill them in no time.
“Balis… prepare to draw your sword.” Alexios said as the male on stage began to talk again. 
“She is a beauty isn’t she?” The male spoke as he extended his arm out so that the princess was at the end of the stage, “the daughter of that bastard King of the Faye, King Ontligus.”
The mention the Faye King’s name caused murmuring along with a buzz of excitement within the crowd. Alexios stood at the ready, Balis’s hand on his sword. 
“A fine piece of Faye ass,” the pig continued, “a virgin.”
The crowd cheered so loud Alexios thought he might go deaf.
“Three hundred pounds,” a male shouted from somewhere in the back of the crowd.
The male holding the princess looked as if he had been insulted. “Three hundred pounds for a virgin princess? Are you stupid? I might as well give her to you for free… next bid.”
“You bastard!” The red headed female shouted, and then spat at him, the spit landing right in his face. 
“Bitch!” With one hand holding on to the princess he raised the other in an attempt to strike the female.
“Balis.” Alexios nodded to his second in command as he stepped out from the crowd. 
As the male brought his hand down to strike the female, Balis let his sword fly from his hand. The weapon tossed at such an angle that it cut off both the male’s hands and they dropped to the dirty floor of the wooden stage. Screams broke out throughout the arena. The male was in too much shock, his small mind trying to understand what just happened, to scream. The other males on the stage began to draw their weapons. While the females, as a shackled group, ran back towards the rear of the arena.
No longer able to hold herself up the princess’s tired and drained body fell from the stage. Alexios was right there to catch her. She landed in his waiting arms. Quickly he placed her on the ground beneath the stage. Those pale blue eyes looked at him as one of her blistered hands came up to touch his face. He couldn’t help himself, he turned his head to kiss the palm of her hand.
“I… knew you would come for me.” Her voice was so weak that Alexios had to strain to hear her words. 
“Of course I would come for you.” He told her softly as he pushed a strand of her dirty hair out of her face. She gave him a weak smile that broke his heart. He had to get her back home. “I will get you back home.”
“I know.” With that, she closed her eyes. 
“Balis!” He shouted over the sound of clashing swords. He was sure his friend could handle the mortal males. 
“Yeah,” was the winded response he got back.
“I have to move the princess.” 
“There was a…” the sound of metal against metal, “bastard… there’s a trap door under the stage where you're standing.” 
Alexios frowned and looked down. Just as Balis had said there was a trap door. 
“I saw it…” a thud overhead let Alexios know that Balis had just dropped a body, “when I scanned the area.”
Alexios smiled at his friend. He could always count on Balis to find trap doors. With the princess tucked into his side, Alexios gripped the handle of the door and pulled hard. The door flung open with enough force to put Alexios on his ass, but not enough to make him loose his hold on the princess.
“Damn it.” He cursed as he leaned over to look into the opening of the door. Darkness greeted him. He cursed under his breath again. He couldn’t just dump the princess in a black hole. There was no telling what was down there. He had to make sure it was safe. Her safety was his top priority.
As he was about to close the door and find somewhere else to place the princess, a small light ball was shot into the darkness. He looked down to find the princess looking up at him, a small smile on her face. He smiled back at her, but said nothing as he looked down into the hole. It looked safe, nothing but dead leaves. It was big enough for her to stretch out without any discomfort, but most importantly, it would keep her hidden from danger.
Gently, he placed her in the small space. He placed leaves under her head to give her head as much support as he could. Next he took off his shirt and covered her. She looked so small and frail, nothing like the female he had joked with weeks ago.
“Alexios… I could use your help up here.” He heard Balis say just as he saw a male’s body land next to him.
“You will be safe here.” He told her. Though he was sure she couldn’t hear him now that she had drifted off into a much needed rest.
As Alexios closed the trap door, he noticed the blood that had stained her hair when Balis severed the male’s hands from his body. The sight enraged him. His hands twitched with the need to rip the head off of every male in the place as he climbed onto the stage to join Balis, who was busy hacking three males into pieces.
“Took you long enough, thought I was going to have to have all the fun by myself.” Balis said as he knocked a dead male’s body off his sword. He was covered in blood and gore, but his silver gray eyes lit up with life at the carnage around him.
Alexios looked around him. Balis had taken care of the males. Bloody and severed body parts lay everywhere. A male’s head rested next to Alexios’s foot. “Looks like you didn’t leave any for me.” He kicked the male’s head away from him.
“Yeah, well, one got away.” Balis gestured up to the gong, where a male figure with black wings hovered with a mallet in his hands.
“I thought they were all mortals?” Alexios questioned as he watched the male who watched them with red eyes. 
“Not all.” Balis turned and began to unfurl his wings from his back. It wasn’t often Balis showed his true form. When he did, it never ceased to amaze Alexios how beautiful and elegant his friend’s wings looked in contrast to his warrior frame. Part dragon, it was something the hulking warrior kept a secret. After the war between the Faye and Dragon Clans, the dragons and their followers had been exiled to a deserted part of the land. As time passed, the tension between the two races grew, bordering along hatred. Especially those who descended from the blood line of the dragon king, like Balis. They craved nothing but vengeance. Balis, however, wanted nothing to do with his clan or their hatred. When he was young, no more than twenty winters, a hatchling considering the long life spans of dragons, he left his home. Taking his half-brother with him, he denounced his claim to the throne. Because of his actions his parents disowned him, banning him from ever returning.
An ear piercing wail echoed from above them. The sound brought the females to their knees, holding their heads. Alexios and Balis only looked at each other in confusion. The creature raised the mallet and struck the gong, the sound echoing across the arena. The sound of the main doors of the arena opening could be heard from miles away. The females shrieked in horror, all except the red head that looked ready for a fight.
Alexios and Balis turned towards the main doors as five massive creatures covered with black fur came through the door. Their hoofed feet shook the ground beneath them and their shadows coated the arena in darkness. Their long snots high in the air as howls ripped from their bodies.
“What the hell are they?” Balis said with his sword at the ready.
“I don’t know, but whatever they are they’re as good dead.” With that Alexios braced himself as five sets of yellow eyes focused on them, jaws hanging open, saliva dripping to the ground, fangs too long for their mouths ready for their next meal.
Chapter 4

Kale stood in The Forest of Elsea surrounded by the tall evergreen trees of the Southern Island. Beyond the forest lay the golden gates of Elsea. Beyond those gates awaited the palace of Queen Elane. The elf queen who was going to be devastated when she saw her only offspring and heiress to the crown lifeless form  
“I will make them pay for the suffering they caused you,” Kale whispered as he caressed her face. Coldness shot through him. A tear, that he had refused to let fall, dropped onto her blood stained cheek. It was the first of many tears as he sank down to his knees. Cradling Helen’s stiff body close to him, he sobbed. The sobs soon turned into heart wrenching wails as he replayed every smile and secret touch between the two of them. He remembered the last time he had been with her.
“Kale!” Helen shouted as the double doors of her bedroom opened to reveal her warrior. Her joy and excitement was plausible as she rushed into his arms; her shapely body molding itself to his.
“Helen,” Kale, with his arms wrapped around her waist, stepped into the room. Using his majick he closed the door behind him. “You must keep quiet. The Queen is just down the hall. If she finds us, she will have my head. When it comes to the politics of her race you know how she is.” Even as he scolded her, he couldn’t help the smile on his face as he stared down into her deep green eyes.
 “Silly male,” she sighed. She laid her head on his chest as one of his hands tenderly stroked the top of her head. The thick dark brown waves felt like silk against his palm.
“It is not silly of me to worry about your safety… and my head.”
“Spare me, Kale. You and I both know that my mother is no threat to you.” She spoke into his chest. “She loves you and respects you just as much as I do, maybe more. Except for Alexios, you are the only one of the Faye warriors what she allows to freely come and go from her kingdom,” she paused to look up at him.
As it did every time she looked at him, his heart skipped a beat. He stroked the side of her face. Lost in her loving gaze, he wondered how he had gotten so lucky. When had he stopped craving the company of beautiful females for being content with the one he had in his arms. The more he stared at her the deeper he fell. From the first moment he first saw her, sitting alone in the forest, he had been hers. Her bright eyes had dismissed him with one look. Shock and confusion caused him to pursue her. Never in his life had a female dismissed him so easily. When she refused to accept his advances he became frustrated. Eventually he broke down and simply asked her why. Her answer had been simple; yet threw his world off balance.
“You are unworthy.” Even now, after proving himself over and over, the words still stung him. The coldness of her tone had cut him deeper than anything else. He couldn’t understand why she was the only female to ever tell him no. What made it worse was that she was all he thought about. It had taken him years to win her heart. She had been well worth the wait and effort. The feeling she gave him whenever she was near was indescribable. In her arms was a safe haven; far away from the violence and bloodshed of his everyday life. She was the most precious thing to him.
“Kale,” her voice brought him back to her. “Gods, you were spacing out on me… again,” she pouted. Her bottom lip poked out in the most adorable way.
“Kale,” she whined as she pushed playfully away from him. “First, you’re late and now you’re spacing out on me.” She stood a few spaces away from him with her hip cocked. Her arms crossed across her full chest. The low cut neckline of her dress gave him plenty of cleavage to admire. “I’m starting to think you don’t love me anymore.”
“Really?” He raised a brow. She gave him a playful smile. Reaching out for her, he caught her by the wrist. He pulled her back to him. Tilting her chin, he brought her lips to his. Being that she was a full foot shorter than him, he supported her as she stood on the tip of her toes. Barely touching her lips, he could feel the warmness of her breath. “Do you want me to show you the extent of my feelings?” The hand that rested on the small of her back cupped her behind. With the weather being warmer in the Southern Lands than the north, the elves wore less clothing and shorter dresses, making it easy for Kale’s hand to slip under Helen’s dress to fondle her. Her moan vibrated through his entire being; hardening his already hard cock further. “Shall I prove myself again?” He let his tongue trace the outline of her lips. She shuddered in his arms. The scent of her arousal consumed him.
“Yes,” was her moaned reply as she pressed herself flush against him.
“What of the Queen?”
“She’s not here.”
“Perfect,” with that he crushed his lips to hers. Soft and plump he devoured her mouth. He caught her moans as he lifted her up. Instantly her legs wrapped around his waist; putting her hot core closer to his thickness. He drew her bottom lip, suckling on her, he headed towards the bed in the far corner of the room. Having spent more time in Helen’s room than any other room in the Queen’s palace, it took little to no effort for him to navigate his way to the plush bed without breaking their kiss. Their tongues danced and breaths mixed as their passion ran through them so fierce their teeth banged together.
“Kale,” breaking their kiss, her arms wrapped around his neck. She stared at him. Her lips beautifully swelled from their kiss “why were you late?”
For a moment his body tensed as he struggled for a reply. While his love wasn’t overly jealous, how could he possibly tell her that the youngest Faye princess had caught him in the shower? That he had teased her to the point that he had been dangerously close to taking her, or that while she had his heart, the princess tempted him like no other female.
No, he couldn’t tell her all that. She wouldn’t accept that. What female would? His secret tempest had to remain his secret… for both their sakes.
“You ran into Alexandra didn’t you?” While her voice contained no hint of anger or jealously, her face, however, dropped. He smiled as he eased her onto the bed.
“Yes,” he refused to lie to her. Helen’s body stiffened under him.
“She wants you.”
“Yes,” that much he knew, “but I want you.” Before she could offer another protest, he once again claimed her mouth with his. With a little teasing he once again found themselves lost in their passions…
By the time the both of them were sated half a day had past. Content that he had pushed any doubt of his love for her out of his head, Kale lay with Helen tucked into his side. Her long hair splayed across his arm and chest. 
“Kale?”
“Yes.”
“What do you think about us having a union ceremony by next winter?”
His body stiffened. “What brings this up?”
“My mother feels as if it is time for me to find a proper mate and have a proper pairing. That is where she went today, to speak with one of my suitors.”
The feeling of her finger making circles along his ABS had him hardening again; stirring up his desire enough to make him forget the violent surge of jealousy that coursed through him. “What do you think?”
For a long moment there was silence between them as Kale weighed his options and their consequences. “There is nothing proper about our pairing. I am a warrior of the Faye. I have a duty to protect the royal family.”
“You mean you protect her.” The sadness in her tone tugged at his heart. She still doubted him. While the princess fascinated him more than he cared to admit, Helen would forever hold his heart. But for him to leave the Faye army… his friends… it was something he needed to think about. It was not a decision to be made lightly. 
He tilted her chin so that she was forced to meet and hold his gaze. She had to feel the truth of his words and understand what she was asking him to do. He was sure that leaving would not only hurt the Faye army, but cause tension between the Elf Queen and the Faye King. That was something he could not allow. “Helen, I love you. But I cannot just leave the Faye. Please give me some time… I beg of you. At least until I have spoken with Alexios.”
She looked as if she wanted to argue, but decided against it. With a heavy sigh, she laid her head back on his chest.
“I love you, Helen, never forget that,” he told her.
“I love you too Kale.”
That had been the last time he had seen her, had held her in his arms, done things with her that he could never do again. He should have said yes. Maybe then she would still be alive and in his arms. Smiling at him as if he was all she needed in her world. On his knees, in the lands most enchanted forest, he wept, mourned for the female he loved the way he loved no other. His grief was so great that it caused the majestic animals, blue deer, horned horses, and any other creature that called the forest their home, to encircle him in silence as they too felt the loss of their princess. His pain, soul breaking devastation, grew so strong that it reached deep into the heart of the Elf city, down the emerald corridor and directly into the Queen’s royal chamber, waking her from an awful nightmare that was soon to become her reality.
“Kale?” Her soft voice reached him. Slowly his wails turned back to sobs, then he quieted all together. The silence was deafening. “What is the cause of such pain that it can force the Queen of the Elves from her bed and palace?” Gently, still not understanding that the outlined body under the sheet was her beloved daughter, she placed a hand on the back of Kale’s shoulder.
“Forgive me my queen, for I have failed you.” Kale’s voice so muffled and low that she couldn’t quite make out his words caused her to kneel down beside him, in her regal robes, to try and understand what had brought the strongest warrior she had ever known to his knees. 
“Kale, my son, tell me what has disturbed you so?” 
His body shuddered one final time before he regained some of his composure. He lifted his head and squared his slumped shoulders. The Queen, who suddenly felt darkness looming over her, sensed when the warrior’s grief turned into hatred so bone deep that it made her tremble. But it was when he brought his gorgeous, flame red eyes to her that she saw the hate and regret in them. Only then did she begin to comprehend why this powerful male before her grieved so greatly.
“No…” She pushed him out the way, knocking him back. “It can’t be,” but she couldn’t deny that the once beautiful female, whose head, she now cradled in her lap, was in fact her most loved treasure… her daughter. “No, no, no…” She cried over and over as she looked into the abused and ruined face of her child. 
Kale, now on his feet, watched the Queen with a shattered heart. He had failed. “I promise… the Sappling responsible for this will die by my hand.” The weight of his promise hung in the air between them.
“Sapplings did this… to my daughter?” Her rage boiled over as she wondered how such low level creatures was able to destroy Helen so badly that she had been barely recognizable to her own mother. “My precious daughter…” the Queen with all her power, never felt as hopeless as she did when she kissed her daughter’s forehead for the last time.
As a female who prided herself on her resilience and strength she crumbled under the weight of her suffering, as Kale now stood silent in his fury behind her, let the hot tears fall freely from her face, tears that mixed with that of Kale’s on Helen’s disfigured face.
There they stayed. The warrior and the Queen, bonded together by their need for revenge as they mourned the loss of a loved one in the darkness of the forest…

Meanwhile, Fearean had long ago brought the frail young male to the Faye palace. Now as they walked silently, side by side, down the corridor that led to the warrior’s room did the King command his immediate audience. Fearean, ever being the one to rush to obey a command, decided to continue his way towards the warrior’s room. He decided that the poor creature, which now stood unmoving next to him, was in no state to deal with the unwanted antics of their illustrious king.
“Come with me.” He told the young male as he continued his walk down the hallway.
“I can handle the king.”
Out the corner of his eyes, Fear looked down at the youngling. What had been his name… Taylor? Yes, that was it. He looked like a Taylor, soft and femine like his name. Fear found himself wondering why Alexios had ordered him, of all the warriors, to guard the pathetic being.
“I’m older then I appear… Warrior.”
That caused Fearean to stop just before he reached the door of the room. He turned slowly to the boy, whose voice not only hardened but suddenly possessed a power that had emerged from out of nowhere. He raised a brow. Fearean being the male that he was, took the change in the youngling to be a challenge. In a mocking gesture Fear crossed his arms against his muscled chest and stared down the male, who barely reached his navel. “Excuse me…”
The pint sized twerp had the nerve to give a lopsided grin that annoyed Fearean to the point that he wanted to break the wimps jaw. But then the tips of his fangs poked out from under his top lip. Fear frowned. The young male quickly sobered yet his eyes still sparkled with the promise of some kind of mischief.
I really do not like younglings. Fearean thought. Especially this one. There was something seriously odd about him.
“I am not scared of you, Warrior. I have lived with Louis in that rodent infested tavern for years. I have seen males tare each other apart for nothing more than a wondering look.” He paused, his young jaw clenched tight as his small fist balled tightly at his sides. His boney body shook from the weight of an unseen force.
Something definitely wasn’t right about him. Fearean could sense it. The feeling made him uneasy. The hairs on his arms rose as the power in the air buzzed around them.
“I watched helplessly as my mother was raped and butchered by unidentifiable creatures.” His dark gaze burned into Fearean. “I hunted each one of them down… slaughtered them as they did my mother. I killed them all… I am not afraid of your king.”
“Duly noted,” Fearean responded with a hint of suspicion in his voice.
“Good,” with that Taylor pushed past Fearean, as he did a tingle went down Fearean’s spine.
The male was definitely spooky, but more than that he was hiding a dark secret. Fearean, being the keeper of a secret that could mean the death of what little family, he had left, could smell a cover up a mile away. His suspicion continued to be confirmed when the male opened the door to the warrior room without touching it. Fearean sensed that once the youngling had hit his transformation point he was going to be something the world had never seen before. Whatever he turned out to be, Fearean was fine with, so long as he didn’t become a danger to those he cared for.
“Hello handsome.”
At the sound of the sultry voice behind him, Fearean’s body stiffened. After being so caught up with Taylor, he had been oblivious to the fact that one of the princesses had snuck up behind him. But now that he heard her voice he was more than aware of her. He was attuned to her very essence. Without looking behind him, he knew she only stood two paces away from him with her hands on her hips waiting for him to turn and face her. He even knew that she wore the blue dress that hugged her shapely body he loved so much… damn her.
“You’re not going to greet me? That is very rude of you.” She teased him.
She wasn’t going to leave him alone. With a groan, he turned and quickly bowed, trying his hardest not to see the revealing dress she wore. The King would blow a gasket if he saw her dressed like that in front of a male. Her father cherished his daughter’s innocence to the point of obsession. If the old Faye came out and saw his daughter talking to a male, a warrior no less, dressed in skimpy covering he would lock her away in her room then gouge out Fearean’s eyes. Even so Fear wasn’t able to keep his gaze on the ground. They began to roam up her thick thigh that the slit in her gown exposed. His mouth watered.
“Princess Darleen.” He cursed himself and his reaction to her even his voice was rougher than usual from his arousal. 
“I thought we were past such formalities.”
One would think so after the one night of passion they had shared. But that night had been a mistake. Something wrong that felt entirely right. He had been her first and she had been the first virgin, he had ever taken to his bed. She had felt right in his arms. Perfect. Then he realized that she was a princess. Not just any princess, but the High Princess set to marry the most powerful Warlock. That had snapped him back from his fantasy. The Warlock had somehow discovered that she was no longer “pure”, that she had soiled herself. He had called off the union ceremony, which had relieved Fearean more than he cared to admit.
Even with the Warlock out of the picture Fearean learned a long time ago that males like him never gained a female like the princess. She could never accept him or the secret he held, and he couldn’t blame her. If their roles were reversed he wouldn’t want him either. He was sure should she ever learn that his family had been responsible for the slaughter of hundreds of Faye’s she would turn on him, push him away, and hate him for something he had no control over. But that was neither here nor there. Even without his background they could never work. He was a soldier and behind all his sarcasm and morbid humor, he was as lifeless as the dead bodies he saw on the battlefield.
 She was the High Princess of The Faye. That title alone had males from every corner of the world coming to courting her. She was beautiful beyond all reason with a body that drove males insane and amethyst eyes that hypnotized at first sight… she had sure done that to him. She could have any male she wanted. Yet, she chose to play with the dirt on the bottom of her shoes. Soon she would realize he was beneath her.
“Did you hear me Fearean?” Her voice, seductive to his hearing, brought him back from his depressing thoughts, along with his throbbing erection.
“No your highness… my apologies, I am afraid I did not hear you.” 
“I asked, were you alright or did you get stuck or something.”
He frowned. What is she talking about?
“You have been bowed in front of me for a long time and your voice has changed… is it something I can help with?”
You can help by stripping off your clothes and riding my face until my mouth goes numb. Pervert, he scolded himself. He couldn’t say that to her. Being that he didn’t trust his mouth to function with his brain, he shook his head from side to side.
“I am fine, princess.” He said as he rose to face her. Immediately, her gaze went to his oversized erection. She licked her lips. He watched as her amethyst gaze traveled up his body, devouring every inch, until she reached his face again.  And damn her for her boldness and confidence because she showed no embarrassment in her wanting of him, which only fed his desire even more. He’d never been one for a timid female.
“Fearean…” The way she said his name should have been a sin. 
 “Princess…” He knew where she was going with this conversation. It was a place he had no intention on visiting today or any other day. He had to stop her before she began. If he didn’t, he was doomed. “You and I both know that night was a mistake… it will never happen again… now, I bid you good day.” He bowed again then turned to leave.
“It wasn’t a mistake and you know it. You felt something for me that night. You probably always have… please…” She grabbed his bicep in an attempt to keep him with her, but all her touch did was send desire shooting through him. “Please, Fearean…” She hugged his back, her full chest pressed into his back while her sweet breath rushed against his ear. “Do not push me away. I need you.”
“Princess, you don’t know what you are talking about… you know nothing about me.” He struggled for strength.
“I know your touch,” one of her hands traveled down his chest. “I know your kiss,” she kissed the back of his neck. His control was slowly slipping. “I know your taste… powerful… such strength.” Her hand roamed further down over the thin fabric of his pants, caressing his erection. He groaned and closed his eyes, savoring her touch. “But most of all I know your heart… so alone… I love you, let me love you Fearean if only for one more night.” She nipped his ear and he would have caved had her last words not sounded off in his head
She loved me? She doesn’t even know me… if she knew the truth her love would quickly turn to hate. 
“Fearean… answer me.”
“You know I do not love you.”
“I think you believe that you do not, but you cannot fool me.” She paused in her exploration of his body.
“You are a fool.” He shook her off him and stepped out of her reach. He turned to face her.
“Fearean, please, one more night… you will see.” Her gorgeous eyes pleaded with him. Her emotions said she spoke the truth. After one night, she had fallen in love with the male she thought she knew. She was a fool and so was he for letting that soften him towards her. He couldn’t let her ruin her life more than she already had.
“Begging is not becoming for a princess.” He paused, weighing the effect of his next words. “Is that what you’re willing to sell yourself for, a night with a male who doesn’t love you back? A male, you know nothing about?”
“Yes.” Confident in her answer she held her head high and looked him directly in the eye.
“You more foolish than I thought.” He turned from her then because the more he stayed in her presence the more his resolve caved. The stronger the need became to run his fingers through the thick waves of brown hair that fell down her back. “Little females have no place in a grown male’s world, go back and play in your garden princess.” With that, he made his way down the corridor towards the King’s throne room, his heart breaking with each step he took away from her because deep down he knew she was right… all it had taken was one night and he had fallen in love with something he could never have.

Bryan appeared in front of an old shack out in the Northern lands. The moist and humid weather making his armor stick to his skin, making movement more difficult for him. He looked at the small wooden structure that the parents of Videl, the name of the dead female that he held in his arms and the last drop off he had to make. He had learned her name the moment he learned her homeland. Because of one of his many talents, Bryan was able to name and trace the origin of any creature be it living or dead. Except for Alexios, whose background no one, not even the great warrior himself knew. He had taken the other female to her family in a town close to the over grown grassland he stood on now. That reunion had almost gotten him into a fight, being that the female’s siblings thought that he was the one who had killed her… he hopped this one went better.
“You are home now little one.” He whispered to the young female, whose life had been violently cut short at the hands of the Sapplings. He carefully walked up the worn and broken front steps of the tired looking home. He made sure to step lighter than usual in an effort not to break their front steps.
He stood in front of the weathered down door and let the emotions of the family wash over him. His sensitive senses picking up the emotional grid of the mother, who worried that, something bad had happened to her youngest daughter. He hated that he would be the one to show her how right she was. To face the grief he knew the female was capable of Bryan steeled himself against his emotions and hers. Then he knocked lightly on the front door that looked like it would crumble at any moment.
“Just a minute,” the old female’s tender voice sounded from inside the house as Bryan listened to her shuffle around her home then to the door. “Videl is it you?” She said through the door.
“No maim.” He responded as gently as he could, he had been told many times that his voice alone would terrify an infant. The last thing he wanted was for this female, whose daughter, he was returning to her, to be terrified of him.
“Who are you?” The suspicion of her voice was underlined with a little hint of panic.
“I am a warrior from the Faye…”
“What are you doing here?”
Her question gave him pause. Standing out in the sticky northern weather, he struggled to figure out the best way to tell her that he carried her most beloved daughter in his arms. Her body had been raped and beaten to death by a bunch of creatures, whose only purpose in life was to cause pain to others. “It is about your daughter.”
“Videl… what about my daughter? Have you harmed her?” Again her panic spiked.
“Please maim, open the door… I promise on my ancestors that I mean you no harm.” Well, not physical harm anyway, but he was sure that once she glanced at her daughter there would be psychological damage.
There was a long silence between them as Bryan waited patiently for the fearful female to open the door. When he finally heard the lock click on the door, he once again prepared himself for the encounter. Slowly the female opened the door just enough to poke her head out from the door.
Her suspicious gaze traveled up and down his body. Until it finally rested on the female body he held, covered by a thick black blanket. He waited silently as she began to comprehend what was going on. He remained still, not making the slightest movement, as she, in two sluggish steps, closed the small gap between them. Her hand trembled as she reached out towards the blanket. With a shaky hand, she gripped the top of the blanket and pulled the cover from over her daughter’s bruised face.
It was as if time stood still as the two of them stared down at the colorless female in Bryan’s arms. At seeing the young female’s face again, Bryan’s fury was once again renewed to new levels at the brutality that existed within some creatures. Even though he wanted to rip someone’s head off, barely able to contain his rage, he remained perfectly still as the older female tracked her hand over Videl’s face. Her small hand trembled as tears filled her eyes.
“Who... did this?” She asked. Her gaze finally met his, as she fought to control the sobs that were trying to work their way out.
“Sapplings.”
She nodded her head.  Slowly, she pulled her hands away from her daughter’s cold face. Then she stepped into the house, the soft-lit light illuminating her frail figure, and allowed him entry into her home. He stepped in and she closed the door behind him. Walking around him, she led him through the small space, down the hall, towards a small back room that was cloaked in darkness.
“Wait here.” Her tone completely detached and dead she left him in the room to find a candle. After a moment or two she returned with a small lamp that gave enough light that Bryan could make out the small bed and dresser in the room. Female clothing was laid on the chair by the bed and hanging out the top draw of the dresser. He already knew that this was Videl’s room. Not only did the clothing look made for a female of Videl’s small size, but he could feel every emotion that she ever had in this room. The good, the bad, the sad, the happy, though she was dead her essence still lived.
“Place her in bed… her father will want to see her.”
Bryan nodded at the female, who left the room the moment he took a step towards the bed. He heard her footstep receding down the hall and into the front bedroom. There she locked the door and dropped down to her knees, sobbing uncontrollably for the loss of the family’s brightest star. Videl had great potential to become a master witch, but now all that was at an end.
“Sleep well little one.” He muttered those words quietly as he laid Videl’s stiff body on the bed. As he stood, he made sure to adjust the blanket so that her entire body was covered. He had no intention of letting Videl’s father see her nearly scalped and abused. Holding out his palm, Bryan summoned a small amount of his power that effortlessly pieced Videl’s skin back together. When he finished not one blemish was left, not one visible scar that could remind her parents of the torture she had gone through at the hands of the Sapplings.
Deciding that his job once done, he would head back to the palace to see what Fearean had done with the young male. The King also needed to be filled in on the killings. He had a feeling that this was just the beginning. There was more death and destruction ahead of him and the other warriors. That much there was no doubt in his mind about. Before he withdrew from the room, he said a silent prayer for the female’s soul then left the room. He walked quietly, his footsteps light as a feather down the hallway, pass the sobbing mother and through the front door once again.
The moment he walked outside, he took a deep breath of air. Instantly he was hit with a scent that should have been foreign to the Northern lands. Immediately his gaze went towards the thick forest of trees a few feet away. He stared for a few moments at nothing but the shadow of the trees. As he was about to turn his gaze, he saw a figure walk out from the shadows. His pulse hammered. His heart beat so fast that he was surprised he didn’t go into shock. Instantly his body hardened to the point of pain behind his armor.
Claire. Her name brushed seductively against the walls of his mind. As if she had heard her name called her gaze zeroed in on him. Her midnight blue eyes shined brightly the closer she got to him. No more than three feet away from him, now he could make out every supple curve of her body, though the royal robe she wore covered her from head to toe.  Her wild and feminine scent invaded his body, making it impossible for him to move. When she finally reached him and gave him that tempting smile of hers, which showed off her pointed teeth, it took all his self-control to remain in place and not grab her into his arms.
“Bryan,” she greeted him with a simple smile that spoke volumes as her eyes took him in from head to toe. “What brings you all the way out to the Northern lands?”
“I could ask you the same thing princess.” He said trying to make his voice sound as hard as possible.
“I am here visiting a friend,” she replied simply. “Now what are you doing here?” She crossed her arms over her full chest, making her breast push up behind her robe. His mouth began to water as he once again had to force himself to focus.
“Alexios sent me.”
She smiled widely then. “Are you following me?” Her tone as seductive as her walk, she closed the small space between them on Videl’s steps and pressed her chest against his body. Through his armor he could feel the heat that radiated off her. “You missed me that much.”
He wanted to say yes, the word was on the tip of his tongue, but he remained in control of himself. He took a step back, putting space between them, making sure his resolve wouldn’t crack. He gave her the icy stare he gave everyone and spoke just as coldly. “If your friend is Videl then you shouldn’t have wasted your time coming here.”
“Why is that?” She asked, clearly amused by the effect she seemed to know she had on him, which only served to make his blood boil.
“She is dead, killed by Sapplings.” He looked at her up and down coldly. “You’re coming with me.” And before she could respond or fully comprehend what he had just said he had her in his firm grasp.
Chapter 5

“Balis, behind you!” Alexios shouted from his position on top of the beast. The creature slung his head back and forth in an effort to dismount Alexios, but the warrior held on tight to the beast’s horned head.
“Damn it.” He heard Balis curse as he jumped back in time to dodge the black goo that one of the creatures spit from its mouth. His sword raised he readied himself as four of the five beasts surrounded him. Alexios seeing that Balis was surrounded let the beast cast him into the air. He landed on his feet back to back with Balis as all five creatures now surrounded them.
“How do we kill these things?” Balis questioned as he slashed at one of the beast’s claws. 
“I don’t know.” Alexios responded as they both ducked the twin swiping claws. They rolled in opposite directions; Alexios sprang up in front of the locked gates of the arena, while Balis regained his footing near the chained females, who were all shaking in fear. All except for the one with blazing green eyes.
“You have to attack their underbelly.”
At the sound of the famine voice behind him, Balis looked over his shoulder to meet the fearless stare of the female with the flaming red hair. For a moment he was left speechless by her odd beauty, his heart actually skipped a beat.
“Are you going to stare dumbly at me all day or are you going to fight the two Baraqel coming our way?” She crossed her arms casually over her chest as if they were just having a normal conversation and not in a fight for their lives.
He nodded absently as he focused back on the two beasts that were a mere four feet away from them, “Baraqels?”
“Yes… now, go get’em killer.” With that tease she patted him on the back.
He didn’t know why he had the sudden urge to laugh at her comment, but he fought it as he rushed forward to meet the beast before they reached the females.
The creatures roared with rage as they open their mouths. As he ran, Balis could see that nasty black goo gathering in their throats. The first creature shot out its black gook. Balis rolled under its feet. The black goo landed on the ground behind him. He pushed his sword deep into the beast under belly. His weapon had no problem piercing through the thin layer of skin the protected the creature’s crown. It screeched in agony, then staggered into the other beast. Both creatures were knocked off their feet to the ground of the arena. The wounded beast died before it had fully landed on top of its brother. Its black blood seeping out through the wound and on to the beast caught under its dead weight.
His adrenaline pumping through him, Balis climbed up the dead beast’s carcass. Black blood coated his hands as he pulled himself onto the creature’s back. The Baraqel that remained pinned under the dead weight stared up at him with fury blazing in its yellow eyes. It roared as it continued its struggle to free itself. Its claws repeatedly slipped off the blood coated fur.
He looked at the length of his sword, and then at the two bodies he stood on top of. He was too close to drive his sword through both the creatures’ thick fur. He needed to be higher up for his weapon to make its way through the first beast's body and into the second ones black heart.
Quickly, he evaporated the shirt that covered the top of his body. Instantly, without much effort, his golden scaled wings sprouted from his back. For a split second, he could feel the weight of someone’s gaze on him. Out the corner of his eye, he saw the fired haired beauty staring directly at him and his wings. Something odd went through him, a tingling sensation that he couldn’t identify. The feeling left him momentarily frozen. Had it not been for the beast’s frightful roar, breaking him out of whatever trance he had been in, he would have still been standing right there. He shook off the sensation and focused back on his mission at hand. He fully expanded his wings, their golden scales shining in the receding rays of the sun. They flapped and propelled him high into the air. His enormous wings had Balis hovering effortlessly in the air as he drew his sword back behind his head.
Balis focused his aim. Sure that he wouldn’t miss his target, he launched his weapon with the might of his kind and knew that it would effortlessly pierce through both creatures’ breast. The sword sailed through the dead beast and into the heart of the second. Death came so quickly to the creature that it had no chance to cry out for help. Its heart was sliced in half as its body fell backwards to the ground. Slowly, Balis began his descent back towards the arena. More than ten feet in the air, he folded his wings back into his body. He landed in a hard crouch on the ground in front of the scared females. When he straightened, he came face to face with a pair of green eyes that set his body in sudden awareness.
“That was quite a show… too show offish for my taste, but,” her gaze went over his half covered body, then over his shoulder to the two dead creatures, “you seem to have gotten the job done.”
He didn’t know if he should have been offended by her mockery or amused by her, no female had dared mocked him. It was not often he found a female bold enough to mock him like this one did. He didn’t know what to make of her so he just stared at her. When their gazes locked something passed between them that had his breath quickening. He completely forgot everything around him, his mission, the princess, the other beast, and Alexios. All he was aware of was the female in front of him right now; the one that stared at him with defiant power radiating from every pore of her body.

Alexios had to finish this fight. He was wasting too much time playing with these creatures. He had to get back to the princess and make sure she was unharmed; especially with all the black blood that now stained the entire ground around him. He dodged another swiping claw as he rolled once again under the creature’s legs. Jumping to his feet, he immediately sprinted towards where he hid the princess. While Alexios had been battling two of the beasts, the third one had started sniffing out the princess. Its long snout to the ground, it roared in triumph once it was able to pinpoint her position under its feet.
Alexios, his heart pounding, pumped his legs faster; with the two other beasts following close behind him. As he came up on the third beast, digging its claws deep into the ground, Alexios leapt into the air. The force of his rage burned through him. He landed on top the creature’s head. The beast roared in annoyance. Its claws swiped at him. Alexios, using his agility and speed, dodged the beast’s claws. Soon the creature decided that giving the princess to its two brothers was more important than dismounting Alexios. It resumed its feverish digging.
He could not allow these creatures to get their disgusting claws on his princess. Still on top of the creature’s head, not yet knowing that it’s underbelly been its weakest spot. Alexios gripped the beast’s thick horns in his hands. His hands burned from the poison that covered its horns, but his grip held tight. With a battle cry, so intense in his fury it actually caused the other two beasts to step back, he viciously twisted the creature’s head. Its dead yellow gaze met his from on its back. As the beast’s body fell forward, he jumped to the ground, blocking the way to the princess. Rising to his feet, he focused on the two beasts in front of him.
Bloodlust continued to consume him. Looking back over his shoulder to where the princess lay hidden under the weight of the dead beast. The burning need to destroy everything around him was more than he could control. With another one of his terrifying roars he took off towards the two beasts.
Alexios skidded under the first monster. Quickly, rolling back to his feet he jumped on its tail. Running up the length of the beast’s fur covered tail, he reached the back of the creature’s neck. The beast, becoming aware that its death was quickly approaching, tried to shake Alexios from off its back. Its huge body bucked, shook, and even rolled on the ground in an effort to crush Alexios. Despite its best efforts, Alexios’s grip remained tightly embedded in its black fur.
It was time he put an end to the miserable creature’s life. With a bellow of rage he pushed his hand through the skin of the beast. It made a noise of utter agony that would have made Alexios deaf; if he had been capable of hearing anything over the buzzing in his ears. His hand in the flesh of the beast, black blood covering his entire body, Alexios gripped the beast’s spinal cord and effortlessly crushed it in his hand. Instantly the ear piercing scream of the beast ended. Its body dropped to the ground as its dead gaze focused on its brother.
Had Alexios been in his right frame of mind at that moment, he would have realized that everyone stood in awe of his power, even his best friend Balis, who had stopped staring at the female and was headed to help him when Alexios let out that battle cry. The sound froze Balis in his spot as he watched Alexios, with his bare hands, kill two beasts. He watched on dumbfounded as Alexios, covered from head to toe in black blood with black eyes, started towards the last creature. He reminded Balis of death itself, an unseen power with the ability to kill any and everything in its way.
Alexios stalked the beast as it continued to back away from him. He could smell its fear; it was a sweet smell that Alexios craved. Untapped power coursed through him as he grew closer to the beast. The pathetic creature, try as it may, would not be able to escape the wrath of Alexios. With a speed that was blinding to all those watching, Alexios ran towards the beast. Before the creature could react or knew what had hit him, Alexios had his arm buried deep inside the beast’s belly, black blood flowing freely down his arm. Unlike the ones before it, this one wouldn’t be allowed a quick death. Alexios wanted this one to suffer as he grabbed the creature’s intestines. With the beast’s vital organs in his grasp, he yanked his arm free from the creature, along with it its insides. It roared out its pain and last breath, as it fell to its knees; forced to be face to face with its killer. It snarled its hatred at Alexios.
“Join your brothers.” Alexios voice was not his own, but something much darker as he struck out at the beast. His hand broke through the tough skin that covered its head; through the dense bone of the skull to the brain. With the same savagery that he had used to rip out the creature’s insides, Alexios tore the beast’s small brain from its body, cracking its skull in half in the process.
Its corpse fell to Alexios’s feet. Its serpent’s tongue hung out of its mouth, while its head rested in its own blood. Alexios stared down at the pathetic creature. He thought nothing about the brutality of his actions or the carnage the he caused before his second in command or the chained females. All that mattered in that moment was destroying any threat to the princess, his princess. His need for blood hardly quenched, he scanned the arena, with a strange hum of power vibrating through his body, looking for anything that still posed a danger to his sleeping beauty.
“Alexios?” 
He sensed more than heard Balis, as his longtime friend carefully approached him. He could sense that power in the male. It was a power that, Alexios, in his current frame of mind posed a threat to the princess. Automatically his body tensed and had it not been for a small part of his rage filled mind that acknowledge Balis as a friend the male would have been dead long ago.
Balis didn’t know what to make of his leader and commander, who stood with his back to him as the dry, humid wind of the arena blew through his black-blood coated hair. It whipped around in the air and with it the stench of the dead beast’s blood filled Balis’s nostrils, making his stomach churn. He wondered how Alexios could stand to be covered from head to toe in the mess and not hurl the contents of his stomach to the ground.
Alexios looked at Balis over his shoulder. He froze in place. The black eyes that looked back at him were not the eyes of the warrior he knew. He was something else, something dark. Even now, with his extra sensitive senses, Balis picked up on a power that made his unnaturally warm blood run cold.
Never had he sensed a power like it. Not even the current Faye king emitted that kind of power… a power that Alexios was not supposed to have. Had his friend been lying to them the whole time?
“Alexios.”
“Balis?” His voice no longer the same, but layered with a darkness that made Balis want to shrink back into himself, but as a warrior of the Faye, he was taught to stand his ground in the face of any threat or danger, even if that threat was his best friend and confidant.
“Tend to the females,” with that Alexios’s stare dismissed him.  Dumbfounded, Balis watched as his leader headed towards the princess, who lay comfortably hidden in a secret cellar. Untouched by the black blood that coated the arena’s ground.
Unaware of the change that was happening within her warrior… awaiting her dark knight.

By the time Alexios had finished stalking his way to the princess, his blood had stopped rushing through his veins. The buzzing in his ears had lowered to a tolerable level that allowed him to make out the rough voice of his second in command as he freed the females. His control was slowly coming back to him as he reached down to grab the rusted handle of the trapped door…
He caught sight of his hands. Coated black from the blood of his enemies. He paused. Then looked down and observed his body. He was completely covered in the mess.
He couldn’t touch her and stain her with this tainted blood. He needed something not soaked in creature or mortal blood to cover her with. Everything around him was covered in gore.
“Here, take this.” A hand extended, offering a folded garment. A robe?
Alexios looked up at the face of the only female bold enough to approach him after his little show. Green eyes held a familiarity in them that he felt he should know but couldn’t place.
“Thank you.” He said taking the surprisingly warm material from the female. She nodded her head, then turned and walked back towards Balis and the other females. He took note of how his second in command looked at the mysterious female. The warrior looked at her with a look of longing that Alexios knew all too well. Just as quickly as it came the look was gone. Alexios would question the warrior about his tie to the female later, but first he had to tend to his first priority. Everything else could wait. 
The suns had started to set. Soon nightfall would cover the arena. The moment night fell all types of creatures would be drawn to the dead flesh of the beast. The smell of their stale blood would wash over the surrounding forest and lure out the most grotesque creatures out of the darkness. With the amount of blood that covered the arena ground, it would be only a matter of seconds before thousands of creatures would bite and claw their way into the arena.
As much as he wanted to stay and kill as many of those monsters as he could, when he looked into the sleeping face of the princess, he was reminded that his first and foremost mission was to get this delicate and worn down beauty to the safety of her kingdom.
He pushed the top of the cellar door completely open. With the folded robe in his hands, he eased his way into the small space. Trying his hardest not to get the half dried blood onto her fair skin, in such a small space it was useless.  His legs rubbed against her perfect skin. Inwardly he cringed as he draped the robe over her, covering her nearly naked body from his greedy gaze. He felt twice as dirty as he looked, especially when he looked at her angelic face.
 She was so pure, innocent… royalty. She deserved a prince, not some barbaric warrior that had nothing to offer. He couldn’t give her a home. Nor protect her with majick. She deserved everything. He could give her nothing. They had no future together. He would do well to remember that because if he didn’t he would never be able to let her go, let alone watch her marry the cold hearted Warlock. Just the thought of the male touching the princess threatened to send him once again into a blind rage.
There wasn’t time for him to wallow in his rage. The suns had almost down and night was close. He had to move. Steeling himself against his emotions he scooped the princess into his arms. Her light weight disturbed him. Worse the hollowness of her cheeks worried him. She had lost a significant amount of weight; though she had never been more than a skinny thing, her face had always been full and healthy. Her once full and wavy blonde hair fell over his arm in a stringy and tangled mess. Cradling her too thin body to his chest, he leapt out of the hole. It took little to no effort for him to make the jump. His strength pushed him upward, out the ditch. He landed effortlessly on the ground above with the princess tucked safely into his body.
“Do not worry princess, I am here… I will always be here.” He whispered to her knowing that she could hear him. As if to acknowledge his presence her head rolled into the crook of his arm, resting against his chest… against his heart.
Chapter 6

Ontligus du Faye, King of the Faye, and ruler of the Eastern Lands, sat at the head of his dining table with a hot plate of rare blue Elk sitting in front of him. Due to current events his mind was too cluttered, his stress level too high for him to thoroughly enjoy the tender and juicy meat in front of him.
How could he relax when the danger surrounding his kingdom was slowly closing around him? In a week’s time the barrier that protected him and his kingdom from the dark power sleeping under the palace would weaken. The last thing he needed was for the male sitting across from him to claim that power as his own.
 The Warlock held extraordinary power and was not a male to be trusted. In fact, had it not been for the fact that he was banned from killing the male he would have sent the male to the farside a long time ago. He would have sent his black soul to the same prison as Salvenious Ku’Vane, another power hungry male who left thousands dead in his quest for domination. But the Faye god had come to him, telling him that it was not his fate to kill the black majick user. The King, whose power came from the Faye god himself, was left no choice but to go along with the god’s foolish plan.
“Mate him to one of your daughters, preferably one that hasn’t been taken by a male yet. We need her to be pure in order for this plan to work… his powers must awaken before the Rising of the Red Sun”.
The god’s words were still in his head. While Ontligus didn’t know exactly what was going on, he did know that there was only one male that the god could be talking about. Just like he knew there was only one way to get the warrior to unleash the power hidden inside of him. Setting up an arranged union had, for the most part, worked to his advantage. From the moment he had told his oldest about her union to the Warlock, he knew she would do something to get out of it, passing it down to her younger sister, Tara.
Granted, he didn’t expect her to do something as drastic and shameful as giving herself to some random and unworthy male. His plan had been sailing along smoothly. Darleen’s engagement had become her sister’s. In turn, his greatest warrior would be forced into life and death situations, where he had no choice, but to unlock his majickal abilities to save the one female he loved. He was sure neither of them knew that he was aware of their feelings for each other. Ontligus was no fool. He might be overprotective, and may overreact to many things, but he was no fool.
Just like he knew the male sitting across from him was a traitor. A deceiver, whose only goal was to gain the power that, resided in the old dungeons below the palace. So long as the male stayed in his sights he could watch his movements and be prepared for his first attack. That had been the plan anyway. What he hadn’t expected, but wasn’t really surprised, was for his second eldest to take off the way she had. Now time was running out, and so was his patience.
“I am growing tired of waiting, Ontligus” said the Warlock as he pushed his untouched plate of food away from him as if it was the most disgusting thing he had ever eaten.
The King stared at the Warlock, highly offended by his lack of formality and respect. No one referred to him without his title. Not even his own daughters referred to him with that kind of informality. He was King to his subjects and benevolent father to his daughters… never solely, Ontligus.
“I apologize for the inconvenience.” He grudgingly replied.
“Yes, it is a true inconvenience to be sitting here in this pathetic place you call a palace while you try to find one of your unruly daughters.” The Warlock paused, narrowing his eyes dangerously at the King, “If it was not for the fact that your land is the richest of the four corners and your daughters are the most beautiful females of the land, I would not have wasted my time meeting with you.”
A half-truth this time, while it was true his land was the richest in the east. Abundant in fruits and jewels, and there was no doubt his offspring were beauties. Those were not the real reasons he agreed to stay in the palace, or agreed to the union ceremony.
The King spoke over the Warlock, ignoring the insult that he had just been given, “I have sent my best warriors out to find her. They are excellent at what they do and I am sure they will return with her shortly.”
It was a long moment before either one of them spoke. The Warlock sat quietly in his chair with his hands folded on top of the table. His powerful gaze fixed on the King who suddenly felt the weight of his kingdom pressing down on him. If this plan failed everything he had worked hard to build, the sacrifices he made would be for nothing. His world, the kingdom, would fall into darkness.
For over 250 years he had ruled as King. Under his rule, his race thrived. They were no longer the weak story time Fayes. No, now they were fierce warriors. Every day their skills in the mystical arts improved to the point that now all would be enemies thought twice about moving against the Kingdom of the Faye.
As King, Ontligus had done a lot for his kingdom. A direct descendent from ancient bloodlines, he had no choice but to take the throne. Back in his youngling days, he had been ambitious, ready to be king. Now, after being made a Guardian, a being blessed by one of the ancient gods to be the physical incarnation of their power, he was drained. His duty demanded all of his time and energy. With his kingdom and land constantly being targeted, he could never take a day to relax. Even with him creating the Faye army, recruiting the most skilled and efficient warriors to make up his elite command, he still had to place and monitor the majickal barriers that surrounded his land. Add to that he had five unruly, no four unruly daughters, he needed a break.
If he still had his beloved Maryanne, his queen, by his side things would be a lot easier for him to bear. But, she had been taken from him long ago. Her life cut short after contracting a rare disease shortly after giving birth to their youngest daughter. It was a painful memory that broke his heart. Every time he thought of her the image of her suffering, her health and beauty withering away before his eyes came into his mind. He had been unable to save her, to do anything other than hold her frail hand. He had failed her, as a mate and partner. He could not fail as a king.
“Tell me, Ontligus,” the Warlock’s voice drew the King from his painful memories. “What makes you so sure you can trust me? What is stopping me from killing your entire race and taking this kingdom as my own? I am sure you know that my reputation is… sketchy at best.”
 “I don’t trust you,” he paused, his blue eyes taking in the male in front of him, “but, I also know you are no fool and know the benefits of making the Faye your ally. Males like you are always looking for ways to increase their power. With the royal family of the Faye behind you, you would be a fool to kill us when we can offer you not only power but wealth as well. Why burn your bridges before you have fully connected them? Surely, a male as wise as you understands the benefits of marriage to one of my lovely daughters.” The King paused letting his words sink in. He continued. “Besides, I am sure that if you wanted me dead I would be dead.”
The Warlock seemed to be in deep thought and taking the words of the king into consideration. “Indeed…”
The King didn’t like the tone of their conversation, or the sudden chill that went down his spine. A kind of forbidding that told him dark times were settling over his kingdom. He especially didn’t like the fact that his best warrior was nowhere in the kingdom. “Of course that is if you somehow managed to kill me. Even so, you would still have my army to attend to.”
“Your warriors… those trained beasts,” the Warlock scuffed, as if the army that terrified all creatures was no threat to him. “I have heard about your so called Elite Army… and of your best warrior, Alexios… the stories about him are most impressive,” he paused, “if one was to believe the foolish ramblings of insane peasants.”
“His reputation is well earned. Alexios is an excellent warrior… if you can manage to defeat him along with his most efficient and skilled warriors then you have earned my kingdom. Then you have achieved what one of the greatest warlocks, Ku’Vane, could not.”
The King watched the Warlock closely for any reaction to his words, but the male’s face remained in that same grimace that it had in the beginning of their conversation.
“If…” the Warlock scoffed again, “I guess it is a good thing that you and I are not enemies… I would hate to destroy such a powerful army.” With that the Warlock rose from his seat. His long, finely embroidered cloak fell effortlessly to his bony ankles.
He was a tall male, the Warlock, not much on the muscular side. He appeared almost frail and weak. But his power was to never be underestimated. A fact the King knew not to forget, even as he baited and pushed the limits of the Warlock’s patience.
Before he reached the massive doors of the hall, the Warlock, turned to face the king. His dark gaze drilling into him, “you have one week to bring her to me.” He paused, his gaze illuminating quickly then it was gone. “For your kingdom's sake, I hope she is back and unspoiled or else our alliance is void.”
The King watched the male leave the room. Taking a calming breath, he turned his attention to his plate. The meat sat cold in front him as he thought about the upcoming events. The dawning of the Red Sun was both a mystical event and a bad omen of things to come. It was the only time where the three suns of Dissida became one.
 In one week’s time the crimson glow of the sun would cover the land and weaken the majickal barriers that encaged the ancient power within the palace. This was the time the king had to be extra vigilant in his duties. But with his warriors outside the palace walls, controlling the mystical power was going to take more out of him than he could give at the moment. If he could have stopped Alexios from leaving and instead sent another in his place, he would have. The male warrior would have none of that. He had demanded he search for her, said it was his duty to do so. Despite the dire situation the King found himself amused at the warrior’s determination. He might even approve of their union once all was said and done.

The Warlock, the name he had been given due to his use of the dark arts, floated through the halls of the decorated palace, annoyed with the useless King of the Faye. Ontligus was a pathetic ruler of his race. The male couldn’t control his own household, how did he expect to control his own kingdom? Though, that was really no concern to the Warlock. His mind was focused on something much darker than ruling of a land half-witted Fayes. He had come for power and revenge.
Once the Red Sun covered the land in its crimson light the barrier that protected the ancient power would be weak enough that he could easily access the dark power within it. He would accomplish what Salvenious de’ Ku’Vane, his beloved brother, sought out to do. Had it not been for that warrior, he would have succeeded in conquering the world…
At the remembrance of Ku’Vane, the Warlock’s blood boiled over with rage. Salvenious had been the greatest warlock their world had ever seen. His command over the dark arts had been absolute. The plan had been simple; conquer all of Dissida by killing the King, the royal family and taking the ancient power as their own. He had been close. His army of dark creatures had marched across the lush green lands of the Elves to the Black Forest of the North, where the Queen Witch ruled. He had been unstoppable as he killed all those who opposed him. There hadn’t been a single being that could stop them. Or so they had thought. Then in the middle of taking over the Faye palace that warrior had appeared. Alexios, the male’s name set fire to the Warlock’s blood. The warrior was a miserable and pathetic creature. Possessing no majickal abilities, he should have never posed a threat to Ku’Vane. Yet the fact remained, the male had taken his leader’s head, separated it from his body as if he was ripping nothing more than a piece of paper in half.
He remembered all too well how his brother’s body dropped lifelessly to the palace floor. Standing, hidden in the shadows of the palace walls, the Warlock, was undetected as his gaze went back and forth between his brother’s fallen body to the warrior that held his head high above his head. The blood of the once powerful warlock ran down the warrior’s arms and to the floor, as the male let out a victory roar that vibrated against the palace walls. Everyone had cheered and rejoiced at the death of the evil sorcerer. While rage and grief consumed the Warlock at the loss of the only being who accepted him for what he was, a half-ling with the blood of a Sappling running through his veins. From the moment he had been born, he was ostracized. Set aside as an outcast, by the Wizards and Priestess that worshipped majick high in the temples on top of the Western Mountains; in the name of the Great Wizard.
Hatred for those who had looked down on him coursed through him. Wizards and their Priestess were taught to practice tolerance, acceptance of those different than themselves.
Hypocrites... They all were. Long ago the Wizards and Priestess were pure, but as time passed the true teachings of their ancient leader faded from memory. Basking in their knowledge and power they looked down on mortals and those who were not full blooded Wizards or Priestess.
 As for those who sought to expand their knowledge past the teachings of their leader, those who learned the ancient spells on how to summon the dead, giving life back to the corpses, necromancers, were considered traitors and blasphemers to the Great Wizard. Those beings were considered black majick users. No longer able to call themselves Wizards, they were cast from the mountain temples and into the darkness.
The Warlock understood why the ancient spells were banned. Not only did they teach spells for the dead, but also for changing fate, controlling life and the flow of time. Yet, as powerful as these spells where they were nothing compared to the darker power the ancient scrolls spoke about. Before he had been exiled from the west he had read of a mystical power so great that even the ancient gods could not destroy. He remembered clearly the writing on the ancient scrolls. Written on several long scrolls were the history of the dark power and the birth of the Red Sun.
The scrolls spoke of a time where the ancient powers had ruled over the land. Their power absolute, they maintained harmony and peace between their creations and mortals. Many millennia passed without war. There had been petty disputes and arguments, but never war. That was until the day darkness settled over the world; the ancient power appeared as a dark cloud, so vast that all of Dissida had been devoured by its shadow, and before long, violence and bloodshed covered the land. A battle the likes of which the world had never seen ensued between the dark force and the ancient ones. It was a fierce battle, lasting for 200 years.
In the last year of the battle the ancient gods summoned their remaining powers. Tired of war and violence they combined their majick in a last ditch effort to destroy the darkness. Even with their powers combined the darkness proved too great to fully destroy. A small portion remained. The small amount of power was too dangerous to be left free. There was no telling if or when it would regenerate itself causing another catastrophe. Left with no other choice the old gods imprisoned the remaining darkness in the Eastern Lands. Over the course of the battle, there had been so much death and use of dark power that it had altered the natural flow of majick within the world. The gods themselves had inadvertently inherited some of the dark power. They drew upon that power to barricade the darkness in its prison. With the shift of majickal energy at its peak the natural world changed.
The three suns became one. Colored crimson by the innocent souls lost during the battle that wanted vengeance. Their hatred at death fueled the dark power. Weakening the barrier the gods were trying to create. After what felt like hours of struggling the gods finally managed to confine the power. As they did, the suns parted and lost their crimson glow.
The ancient text continued to speak of the gods as they were forced to take physical forms. Each ancient being taking a corner of the world to make sure the power was protected and guarded from all sides. When the time came again and the Red Sun appeared once more, they would have stronger and better armies to fight off their enemies, both new and old. Elaine, the Elf goddess took to the land of the south; where she made her home in the never ending forest of the Southern Lands. The Faye god, Bozark, settled in the land of the east. A vibrant land that would serve as the dark power’s new home. There he built a palace that would serve was the key to the power’s prison. He then extended his reach to the Ice Lands of the East.
The Queen Witch claimed the forest to the north. Where the witches soon became fragments in the history of the world after the disappearance of their queen. Lastly, there was Tilamar, the Great Wizard of the Western Mountain Lands. There he meditated and taught his followers the uses of good majick, along with the consequences of toying with the dark arts.
As the Warlock floated down the halls towards his chambers, his plan piecing itself together in his mind, he was confronted with one of the warriors who had helped with the destruction of his brother. The Warlock and the warrior noticed each other at the same time. Immediately, the warrior stopped his advancing steps.
“Fearean?”
The Warlock’s attention was drawn from the warrior to the small male that appeared at his side. He studied the youngling. The male was not special in appearance, just some common trash that was dragged into the palace. The Warlock did notice, however, the slight tug on his powers when he continued to study the male. There seemed to be a power dormant in him. A slight tingle traveled down his spine. A deep scowl appeared on the Warlock’s face. The powerful male knew that this was no ordinary power, but one just as strong as the ancient power he was seeking.
The youngling turned his cold stare to him. He watched with cautious eyes that let the Warlock know that he had been staring too long. He turned his attention back to the warrior who watched him with the same intensity.
“I thought I told you to stay behind.” The warrior responded while never taking his gaze away from the Warlock.
“You did,” said the male.
Chapter 7

When Kale walked through the palace front doors the last thing he expected or wanted to deal with was one of the princesses, especially the youngest princess whose concerned face made him relive the despair of the day’s events. He was tired and covered in filth. All he wanted to do was wash and plot his revenge.
“Princess,” he inclined his head to her, but that was all. Walking hastily around her, he hoped she didn’t follow behind him. Seemed luck wasn’t on his side today. The moment he passed her, he saw her frown form out the corner of his eye. She turned and followed directly in his footsteps... his permanent shadow. Not that it was such a bad thing, having a gorgeous princess following behind him, but the heat of her worried gaze on his back, the sound of her shoe heels clicking against the palace floors annoyed him to the point that he was considering throwing her into a wall.
He flinched at the violent thought. It was a sure sign of how close he was to snapping. Never, in his right frame of mind, would he think or consider harming a female; especially not a soft spoken, timid princess whose only concern was for his wellbeing.
“Kale? What’s wrong? Has the sight of me offended you in some way?” She asked from behind him. He felt the heat of her hand closing in on his back. She was going to touch him, try and comfort him.
Comfort was the last thing he wanted from her or anyone else for that matter. What he wanted was to soak himself in his rage and anger. To embrace the darkness that was slowly trying to consume him. He needed that rage, anger, and hate if he was going to bring those disgusting rapist to justice. He needed it if he was going to avenge Helen. Just the thought of her, broken and violated, stripped of the joy she once had, once again, threatened to bring Kale to his knees. Her promising life cut short at the hands of brutality. There were no limits to the grief that continued to build up inside of him. No, he couldn’t give in just yet. There was still business to be taken care of.  Pushing his hurt and sorrow to the back of his mind; he wrapped his rage and anger around him like a thick blanket.
“Kale, please talk to me. If it is because of what happened before you left, I once again apologize.” She spoke again from behind him.
This time he stopped. His body tensing as he slowly turned to face the princess. Instantly, he wished he hadn’t. Soft hazel eyes threatened to chip away at his cold resolve as he remembered the night before he left... 
“That’s it for today,” he told the newly recruited male. He extended a hand to help the male to his feet. Amber eyes glared at him from underneath thick lashes. Kale smirked as the male refused his hand and wobbled to his feet. The young male was bruised and battered. Kale knew he had gone extra hard on him during their training session. Holding nothing back, he had tested the warrior. Seeing if the male was worthy of the title about to be bestowed upon him. It took more than your average battle honed skills to make it into the elite ranks. Strength and skill were a must but it was not all. One also had to be cunning, strategic, and possess an ability that would prove valuable on the battlefield. The male before him had proven himself this time around. His innate ability to turn simple objects into explosive weapons was exactly what the team needed.
“You were holding back... again,” the accusation in the male’s tone had Kale raising a brow. “I can take more,” amber eyes blazed with determination even as he struggled to drag air into his lungs. 
Ashton was the male’s name. He was a bulking young male that had the possibility to grow larger. His face was handsome for a male, he supposed. With chiseled and sharp features, many of the female servants flocked to him. A head full of dark hair that highlighted his amber eyes, Kale’s new recruit could give him a run for his money when it came to the females.
“Are you accusing me of going easy on you?”
“Yes,” Aston’s eyes narrowed dangerously.
Kale’s amusement went up another notch. The male was strong, no doubt about it, but he wasn’t as ready as he thought he was. With more training, however, he would be more dangerous than any other warrior on the field. 
“Take me seriously, Warrior,” now those defiant eyes looked at Kale with rage. Walking towards the recruit, Kale clasped his shoulder. His own flame colored eyes narrowing.
 “If I didn’t take you seriously, I would have killed you when you first walked through the door,” he squeezed the male’s shoulder. He gave Ashton credit for not flinching under his grip or stare. Releasing his broad shoulder, Kale headed towards the blades he discarded during their training.
“Rest,” he spoke as he palmed one of his blades, “we will resume your training tomorrow.” He looked over his shoulder when he received no answer. The male’s body was tense. His hands balled into shaking fists at his side. Kale waited, wondering if the male was going to lash out. After several minutes the warrior’s hands uncurled and his shoulders slumped in defeat. Without another word Ashton limped his way out of the room. Kale smiled to himself. The male was going to be a live wire.
He and Fearean should get along. Kale mused as he tucked his blades back into their sheaths. Standing, he headed towards the showers. His sweat made him feel sticky, nasty. A hot shower to cleanse his body and ease his sore muscles was exactly what he needed.
As he headed towards the washroom a tingling sensation went down his spine. It was a feeling he had felt briefly when he sparred with Ashton. Someone was there, watching him. Suspicion creeping through his body, he quickly grabbed a small dagger off one of the weapon walls outside the washroom.
Silently, Kale walked into the shower and turned on the hot water, stripping himself of his training gear. Still holding the blade in his palm, he stepped under the hot water. Water flowed down the curve of his back in tiny rivulets. That’s when he heard it; a feminine catch of breath, a low gasp, followed by the mellow scent of the Ice Land Oceans. Soft and pure it made him shiver under the hot water. He tossed the dagger across the floor. This intruder posed no threat to him, only to herself. They both knew she had no business skipping her mid day lessons to sneak around in the lower parts of the palace where the warriors trained. Another gasp caused him to smirk. There was no need for him to turn around. He already knew the young princess stood sneaking a peak at him from the entrance of the washroom.
As much as he knew he should run her off he didn’t. Instead, he began to wash himself. Taking the soap from its hiding place, he lathered his body. Each time the soap passed over the muscles of his arms and shoulders, he would hear another sharp intake of breath. He picked up on the increased scent of her arousal; it was a spicy scent that he deeply inhaled. His body’s reaction was instant. She was temptation in its purest form, a forbidden fruit that he longed to taste.
He knew he shouldn’t. There would be nothing but trouble if the King decided to make one of his surprise visits to the training room and see his daughter peaking at him. He was sure the King’s head would explode, and he would lose his... both of them. But he couldn’t bring himself to stop his taunting. So he didn’t, instead he raised it to a higher level.
“I wish someone was here to wash my back,” he spoke aloud as he continued to lather the front of his body. “It would be even better if I had a pair of soft,” he placed his palms on the wall and let the water run through his hair, down the front and the back of him. There was a louder intake of breath. His sensitive hearing picked up on the sound of her heart, as it beat rapidly in her chest. The scent of her arousal thickened in the air. Guess she liked the view of his ass, “delicate hands to help wash my hair for me, a young beauty that with gorgeous hazel eyes that has the sweetest smile I ever saw.” Her arousal engulfed the washroom. Kale’s cock strained against its own skin.
“Beautiful...” her enamored whisper reached his ears.
Well, if she thought his back and bare ass was beautiful, he couldn’t wait to see her face when she saw the front of him.
“What do you say, princess,” he said louder as he pushed himself from the wall, “will you step from behind the wall and help me with my hair?” He taunted as he washed what little soap he had left on the front of him off.
He heard some shuffling, then finally the clicking of her heels against the wet stone floor. Once he was sure that she stood directly behind him, he turned to face her. The expression on her face was priceless. Her cheeks reddened to the point that he thought the rest of her body was suffering from blood loss. The scent of her arousal blasted him; making his already rock hard body, harden even more.
He watched her with intense curiosity as her eyes roamed over him. She took him in from head to toe. When her hazel eyes locked onto his engorged cock, they widened to the point he thought they were going to pop out of her skull. As much as she amused him, he found that the way the valley between her breasts flushed under her gown made his mouth water. Absently, he wondered what those perfect sized breasts would taste like in his mouth. He groaned a primal sound that brought her gaze back to his face. Already flushed cheeks flushed an even deeper red. He licked his lips. She licked hers. He took a step towards her. To his surprise, she didn’t back away. She continued to watch him in a hypnotized state until he was standing face to face with her, so close that he could feel her warm breath against his collarbone.
He looked down into the pools of her hazel eyes and said, “Tell me princess, do you like what you see?”
When she licked her lips in conformation he smirked again.
“Am I the first male you have seen?”
She nodded slowly, her entire face turning red.
“Really?”
She nodded again, her gaze still holding his.
He didn’t know why, at that time, the thought of him being the first male she saw naked made his heart rate quicken, but it did. He couldn’t stop his hand from coming up and gently stroking the side of her face.
“Why are you here princess?” he asked as he trailed his fingers down the side of her jaw, their gazes still holding each other’s. Gently, he stroked her throat. When his only reply from her was a deep inhale, he asked her again, this time closing the small space between them. His erection pressed deep into her navel, he continued to trail his fingers down her neck and her collarbone. He dipped his head. His lips hovered over hers.
“Tell me...” his voice was a husky whisper, “why have you followed me down here?” His lips inched closer to hers.
“I...I,” her small body trembled, from anxiety, fear of being caught, or her own desire, Kale couldn’t be sure. All he knew was that he was dangerously close to kissing the one female he had no business looking at let alone kissing.
“You what?” He stepped forward, continuing to force her back until her back was against the cold wall of the washroom.
She hadn’t been able to find her voice with him so close, towering over her. Those beautiful flame colored eyes focused so intently on her that she couldn’t breathe. All she wanted was to reach up and crush his juicy lips to hers, but her inexperience with males left her totally unprepared for this situation. When she had followed him into the washroom she hadn’t been thinking, well she had been thinking, she’d been thinking about what the male she found so fascinating looked like when he wasn’t in his warrior’s armor... she had meant to leave once he entered the shower. Yet, the moment she saw his naked body, she had been captivated. He was the handsomest male she had ever seen. His golden hair, damp from his shower made her fingers twitch to run through the tangled strands.
“Princess,” his nostrils flared, “I can smell you.” He licked his lips... again. She bit down on her bottom lip, “do you have any idea what I can do to you right now?”
She nodded her head yes. Inhaling deeply, she caught the spicy and powerful scent he gave off. Her covered chest rubbed against his. He sucked in a breath, his erection jerking against her navel. He pressed her closer into the wall, his arms encaging her.
“You do? Is that what you want me to do to you?”
“I... I want to kiss you,” she finally managed to say.  Her voice barely above a whisper... that Kale heard loud and clear. Without hesitation, Kale did what he had wanted to do since he first saw her sweet smile, he crushed his lips to hers. They were so soft, warm, but her inexperience showed through the way she moved her lips against his; hesitant and unsure. He growled, and had to force himself to slow down. He showed her how to kiss a male. He showed her how to kiss him. How to move her lips against his.
Kale had to admit that she was a quick learner. It took her no time to become more daring in her exploration of his mouth as she sought out his tongue. He gave her full access, showing her how to move her tongue against his. He cupped the side of her face with one hand. The sound of her moan was captured by his mouth as she melted into him. Kale growled low in the back of his throat as his other hand wrapped around her slender waist, pressing her body closer to his. Their kiss becoming more intense as her hand finally found its way into his hair. She gripped him by the back of the head and forced him deeper into her mouth. Again, Kale growled low in his throat as he pushed her back into the wall. His hand, leaving her waist, it traveled down her hips, until he was able to grip the silky fabric of her gown. Slowly he began to pull the hem of her dress above her knees.
“KALE!”
Both Kale and the princess froze in place at the sudden intrusion. Cursing under his breath, Kale turned his head to the side to find Fearean standing in the washroom, gaping at the princess trapped between Kale and the wall.
Kale brought his stare back to the princess he held in his arms and felt his sanity coming back to him. With a heavy sigh, he released her from his hold, quickly putting space between them. Immediately, her eyes lowered to the floor.
“Warrior,” she said before she quickly retreated from the washroom, leaving Kale to deal with Fearean…
“Kale?”
“No princess, it’s not because of you,” he responded once he was jerked back into the present.
“Then what is it? Did something happen while you were gone?” she asked. There was such sincerity in her concern for him that it dampened his returning anger.
Kale wanted to dismiss her, but he couldn’t treat her as cold heartedly as he wanted. Instead, he relaxed his face as best he could in an effort to hide his pain and anger.
“Forgive me, Princess Alexandra.” He bowed deeply, his hand over his heart, then he straightened himself and his gaze locked on hers. “I’m fine, princess, no need to concern yourself, it has been a long travel back to the palace and I am extremely tired... I apologize for my rudeness.”
“Kale.,” she looked as if she wanted to step closer to him but decided against it. Fidgeting with the sleeve of her golden gown she lowered her gaze to the floor, “I am here if you ever... you know... want to talk... I... I know that you... humm.”
Kale stared at the princess, waiting for her to gather herself. This was nothing new for him, it seemed that every and any time, even before the washroom incident, she was in front of him, she lost whatever nerve she had to approach him in the first place and turned into a rambling mess. On a normal day when he was in a less blood thirsty mood, he found it cute the way her cheeks flushed with color when she spoke to him. Entertained by the way she stuttered over her words once she had his attention. Right now, he didn’t have the patience, nor was he in the mood for the young princess’s shy and timid demeanor.
“Princess,” he said, cutting her off. “I thank you for your concern, but as I have said I am fine, I just need my rest.”
“Ok,” her gaze remained on the floor. “Well then, warrior, I shall leave you to attend to your affairs,” with that she quickly turned on her heels and walked down the hall towards one of her sister’s bed chambers.
As Kale watched the princess run off, he felt bad for being so short with her. He even tried to act like he hadn’t heard the crack in her voice when she dismissed herself from his presence. Hurting her feelings had not been his intention, but he was in no mood to coddle her. He would just have to apologize to her some other time.
With another exhausted sigh, Kale continued his way through the palace halls, noting that Fearean and the young male stood in the main hall with the Warlock. He would question the warrior later as to why the dark majick user lurked in the shadows during his conversation. He was too worn out from searching for the missing princess and his own twisting emotions to care as he turned down the left hall towards the warrior room, where he could engulf himself in his rage. There was only one thing left for him to do now, and that was to find the leader of the Sapplings, and make him suffer the way no creature had ever suffered before.
Chapter 8

When Princess Alexandra, the youngest daughter of the Faye King, walked into her sister Joy’s room she was near tears. She rushed over to her sister’s large bed and flopped down. Joy, who had been brushing her over grown hair at her vanity with the emerald studded brush that their father had given her as a present, looked at her baby sister in the mirror. Her annoyance at the sudden intrusion shined brightly in her sea green eyes.
“It’s that warrior again isn’t it?” Joy asked with a roll of her eyes. It seemed to her that all her baby sister did was whine and drool over the help. Joy didn’t understand Alexandra, or any of her sisters’ infatuation with the warriors. Rich barbarians are what they seemed to her. The lust, and it was lust that her sisters carried, because Joy was sure those so called warriors were not capable of loving anything but blood and battle, her sisters had for these low level males made her sick. Especially her beloved sister Tara’s obsession with the captain of the misfits, made her want to puke.
“Are you going to answer me Alexandra? Is it because of that warrior?”
When all Alexandra did was nod, Joy had to force herself not to voice her contempt towards her sister’s useless pining. Instead of worrying about what that freaky eyed warrior thought about her, she should have been concerned about what their father, the King thought. If they were more like her, maybe their father would spoil them the way he spoiled her. She looked down at her favorite present that her father had given her. It was a golden, emerald studded brush that their father had given to her a few winters ago. Its bristles were made from the hairs of the rare Blue Horses that lived in the Southern Islands. It was a gorgeous item, and precious.
Just like me. Joy thought with a smirk. She loved her father, and he loved her, more than the rest. He gave her everything she wanted, anything she could think of. For Joy wanted for nothing... craved nothing. At least that’s what she told herself when she went to bed, alone, with no male to fantasize about. While her sisters were allowed their dreams and fantasies, Joy remained pure and innocent in every way. She remained the way their father wanted them to be. Never had she craved to be touched by a male, nor had she wanted to bind herself to one the way her sisters did.
Yet at night, when she was alone, in a deep sleep, left to her dreams, she often dreamt of a tall and dark figure. Massive in size, sometimes he possessed horns and fangs which made him appear more monster than male. When he came to her like that she would cower and hide from his black gaze. The other times when he appeared normal, no horns or fangs, just harsh and dark facial features that made her weak in the knees, she found herself wanting for more. On those nights, she found herself becoming more like her sisters. The more she became like them, the further she would fall from her father’s favor; the less he would love her. She couldn’t have that. She would not become like them, yet, for the male in her dreams, a foreign part of her wanted to. For that, she despised them all.
Yet, she despised Alexandra the most, because she was the only one that could take their father’s attention from her. Her youngest sister looked so much like their mother that it hurt the King to be in her presence for too long. His love had been so great for his Queen, that to look at her spitting image made him suffer, and if Joy was honest with herself, she would admit that it was because of this similarity that Alexandra was in fact the Kings favorite and most beloved... but she wasn’t going to admit that anytime soon.
“Alexandra,” she sighed as she picked up her brush and resumed stroking her hair, which was entirely too long for her liking but her father liked it so she kept it. Anything to make him happy, “pull yourself together... father has sheltered you for too long. You must stop your crying, sister. It is not very becoming.”
Alexandra stared with a tear stained face at her sister. She couldn’t believe Joy had just implied that she was a sheltered cry baby. Was she serious? Maybe Joy should take a look in the mirror and reflect on herself. Since it was always her that was the first to break down in tears the moment their father scolded them. At least Alexandra could say that it was because of her young age that she was so emotional.... what was Joy’s excuse? Oh, that’s right, she was their father’s number one princess, his pride and joy. The only one of them who obeyed all the rules, the golden child who did nothing wrong, just the perfect daughter... whatever. If you asked Alexandra, her sister was the most backwards of them all, doing any and everything to please the King, even deny her own body’s needs.
“You’re one to talk,” Alexandra said as she whipped her face. “Always father’s favorite. His little princess...if father had sheltered and spoiled any of us it would be you.”
“Jealous are you?” Joy raised a mocking brow, but there was a sudden twinge of spite in her tone that Alexandra took note of. “You think he should have spoiled you, when you were the one who took his beloved away.” Almost immediately as those words left her mouth, Joy wished she could take them back. Granted, she had harsh feelings toward her younger sister, it was still a low blow even for her. She knew that Alexandra blamed herself for their mother’s death. How could she not, when she was constantly told that it was her fault the Queen was gone. Joy also knew that the King also blamed Alexandra for it as well. On more than one occasion Joy had heard their father, in a fit of rage in his bedroom chambers, saying that it was because of her difficult birth, the Queen was left too weak and vulnerable to fight against the disease.
Joy knew all this. Knew how sensitive her sister was about it all, yet she still went there. Some sister, she was.
Alexandra sat dumbfounded, hurt by her sister’s words. How could she say that knowing how she felt? What could she say to that? Nothing... not a single thing, all she could do was sit there and try not to break down into a sobbing mess. She knew it was her fault her mother was gone, knew that the King blamed her, knew that she was the reason she would never know the great Queen that was her mother.
“Alex-”
As Joy was about to deliver her unwanted apology the doors of her bed chambers swung open and their eldest sister Darleen stormed into the room. The expression on her face just as pissed off as Joy’s had been when Alexandra had come into the room.
She walked into the room, ignoring the scowl from Joy and flopped down on the bed next to Alexandra. Though her baby sister was her favorite one out the bunch, except for Tara, she took little notice that she was in the room.
“I swear, I should just blast him into a thousand pieces... or better yet, have Griselda put a curse on him. Something to make his groin fall off,” she paused, tilted her head to the side, amusement now shining in her amethyst eyes, “or maybe not that drastic, I really do like that part of his body.” Her tanned cheeks flushed deep red. “Gods, he infuriates me.” She said to no one in particular.
“I take it he refused your advances again.” Joy spoke dryly as she once again resumed brushing her hair. Alexandra felt the sudden urge to take the brush and bash her sister over the head with it for her earlier statement about their father.
“He is a buffoon... but he is my buffoon.” Darleen said all dreamy like.
It was no secret who He was, at least not between the sisters anyway. All of them knew that their beloved sister had taken the foolish warrior named, Fearean, to her bed. Alexandra and the rest of her sisters had applauded Darleen’s boldness and ability to go after the male she wanted.
Joy, on the other hand, looked mortified and disgusted. To her it was a foolish and a damning thing to do, to soil herself with someone so beneath her. Their father had almost outcast Darleen for her betrayal. In the end, he had allowed her to stay in the palace, but would not speak to her at all. To him, she was a dark cloud over the family that he wanted nothing to do. It was just a good thing the King hadn’t found out that it was one of his elite warriors that had had his way with his eldest daughter. If he was to ever find out the penalty would be death and not a quick one. And if their sister did not stop throwing herself at the warrior every time she saw him, and stop wearing those too revealing gowns, it would only be a matter of time before not only their father knew but the whole kingdom.
“He acts as if he doesn’t want me... what’s wrong Alex?” Darleen spoke as she finally turned her attention to her baby sister. She placed a comforting hand on her knee, awaiting her reply. When Alex didn’t reply, Darleen scowled at Joy, who shrugged her shoulder nonchalantly as she returned back to her annoying hair brushing. “What’s wrong?” Darleen’s tone motherly, she brushed a piece of Alexandra’s black hair from her face.
“Nothing,” whispered Alexandra as she placed her much lighter hand over her sister’s and gave her a weak reassuring smile, that didn’t reach her eyes. The last thing Alexandra wanted was for her over protective sister to get into trouble with their father for fighting his princess Joy, which would happen if Alexandra told Darleen what Joy had said. It seemed that Joy wanted to avoid a confrontation too, because when Alexandra’s hazel gaze met Joy’s through the mirror, those sea green eyes had the nerve to beg her not to say anything.
“Do not lie to me Alex... there is something wrong. What is it?” Darleen, realizing she didn’t have her sister’s attention, gripped her by her small chin, forcing her to meet her stare, “are you worried about Tara?”
When Alexandra said nothing, mainly out of guilt over the fact that she hadn’t thought about her missing sister since she fled the palace, she just sat there staring blankly at the sister in front of her. Alexandra hadn’t given a second thought about Tara while she had been gone.
Why not?
Mainly because, she had been too preoccupied reliving Kale’s hot kiss in the warrior’s washroom, and if she was honest with herself and the rest of her sisters, she would say that she really didn’t care for Tara.
Her older sister was just like Joy and their father; they all blamed her for their mother’s death and shunned her for something she had no control over. It was only Darleen and Claire that had treated her with any type of sisterly love. Them, she cared about, and if either one of them had gone missing, she would have worried to the point that she would have gone with the warriors to search for them... but when it came to Tara, she just couldn’t bring herself to care. It even bothered Alexandra that Darleen and Tara were so close.
“I am worried about her too,” Darleen continued, oblivious to Alexandra’s feeling on the topic, “but there is no need to worry. I am sure that since I just saw Fearean in the hall and Kale,” had Darleen been close attention to her baby sister, she would have seen the way Alexandra’s cheeks flushed with color at the mention of Kale’s name, but she didn’t and she continued with her speech, “a few moments ago Alexios has found her and is not too far behind. Our sister is in good hands.”
All Alexandra could manage to do was give another tight lipped smile.
“I swear, Darleen, you are such a twit, I can’t believe I am related to you,” said Joy, who was now facing two of her sisters. “She could care less about Tara. What has our beloved half witted sister so distraught is the same thing that brought you in here huffing a puffing, and interrupting my relaxation.”
Ignoring Joy’s outburst, Darleen spoke to Alexandra. “You ran into Kale again?”
Alexandra nodded.
Joy huffed, then grumbled something under her breath that Alex couldn’t hear, but earned her another scowl from Darleen.
“You started rambling again?”
Alex nodded again, “I made a complete fool out of myself... what is wrong with me?” She cried out then fell back against the bed with her hands covering her face.
“There is nothing wrong with you Alex. You’re just a little shy... that’s all.” Darleen reassured her baby sister.
Alex said something, but it was muffled by her hands. All Darleen could do was shake her head at her baby sister. She found her shyness with the red eyed warrior quite entertaining, especially since Alex was the inter-territory speaker for the kingdom. On a daily basis, she spoke in front of royal families, and males far more powerful and attractive than her warrior, without so much as an unwanted pause in her words. Yet, when it came to this strange warrior, she lost all the confidence she had in front of the crowd and turned to babbling moron. For the life of her she couldn’t figure out why Alex thought the warrior would reject her, he was not a fool like her warrior. She was sure her sister’s male knew the prize he would be gaining with Alex. With her light hazel eyes, short layered black hair, and outright beautiful face, the warrior should be happy that her sister acknowledged his existence, let alone had feelings for him.
“What am I to do?” She heard her sister mumble from behind her hands.
“Get out of my chambers if you insist on a whining over some low level warrior.”
“Be quiet Joy, no one asked you for your unwanted opinion.”
At Darleen’s statement Joy stopped mid brush stroke, something flashed in her sea green eyes as she placed her prized brush on that vanity surface. She turned around on her stool to glare at Darleen, whose face was drawn just as tight as Joy’s.
“Do not speak to me like that, Darleen,” Joy gritted out through clenched teeth. The sudden fury that coursed through her made her slender body tremble as she rose from her seat. Her chin held high and her back straight, she continued to glare murderously at her oldest sister. Alexandra paid them no attention. Their fighting was not something new for her. Joy and Darleen constantly bumped heads and argued. They fought so much that the entire palace was used to their harsh tones and death threats.
“No one speaks to me like that,” Joy continued as her oversized gown fell to her feet.
“What are you going to do about it... sister?” Darleen hissed the word with so much venom that Alexandra had to pay attention to them. “Are you going to run and tell your father that I am bothering his precious princess, his Joy... again?” Now it was Darleen, who was practically growling out the words as she rose from the bed.
When she rose from the bed, Joy stepped forward. The sisters squared off with each other, with Alex being the innocent bystander.
Alexandra did not want her sisters fighting with each other. With a groan, she sat up. Rising from the bed, she placed herself between her feuding siblings. Caught between a slender and frail looking Joy and a much bigger and solid Darleen she feared what would happen next.
“Stop it you two. We are all sisters, for better or worse. And with one of us missing we all need to get along,” there she sounded like the voice of reason. For a split second it looked as if Alex’s words were going to sink into her sisters thick skulls. Alex looked back and forth between them, sea green eyes sparkling with the same outrage that Darleen’s amethyst gaze held. There was a long moment of silence between the three of them. Joy and Darleen’s bodies were coiled with so much tension and hostility, that Alex knew it was only a matter of time before one of them threw the first punch.
“Sister...” it was Darleen’s low growl that cut through the silence, “she is of no relation to me. She is nothing but a stuck up, self righteous, daddy’s girl that would rather sit on her old father’s lap then go out into the world. She hates us for the freedom we have. She hates me for the passion I have, for the fact that I know a male’s touch and still have more union proposals than her. She dreams of having what I had in one night with my warrior. She’s the perfect daughter, who would make the most boring wife and useless bedmate.” The continuous stream of venom that seeped from Darleen’s tone took Alexandra by surprise, so much so that she could do nothing more than stare blankly at her older sister. Her amethyst eyes glowed brightly with outrage. Granted, she knew the two of them had issues with each other, and sure they had their arguments... what family full of females didn’t? But the contempt and hate that oozed from every, spoke volumes of the true feelings between them. The tension and hostility they held towards each other ran deep... bone deep.
Alex found her gaze cautiously going to Joy to see how she had taken the hit. When Alex saw her sister’s face, it spooked her more than Darleen’s words. Joy’s face was devoid of all emotion, no anger, rage... anything. Her body was still filled with tension. She was so still Alex was sure her sister wasn’t even in her body. The once sea green gaze began to turn black, darkness coating her iris. Alex had never seen Joy’s eyes turn black before, it was a sure sign that she was close to snapping. Out the corner of her eye, she caught sight of a shadow moving across the wall. For a moment, she would have sworn red eyes locked onto hers. Confused, she watched as the shadow split in two, then merged with the shadows of her sisters.
What was that? Shaking her head clear, she focused back on the situation at hand.
Alex knew that she could no longer talk any sense into Joy, she was too far gone. She turned her attention to Darleen, but quickly found that her older sister was just as pissed as the other. However, unlike Joy, Darleen’s gaze didn’t change color, but fangs had begun to grow from under her top lip. Darleen’s hand’s twitched at her sides. Alex’s gaze went to her sister’s hands, and saw that her usually short nails had grown into claws... very long claws that hooked. They looked sharp. Alex didn’t know what to do; she had never seen her sisters like this.
She needed help... she needed Claire.
Using her mental connection to her sister, she reached out to her. Claire?
It was a brief moment before she heard her sister’s voice in her head. What is it Lexi?
I need you... NOW!!!
Immediately, she felt Claire’s awareness perk. What’s wrong? Is it Tara? Have they found her? Is she safe?
Out the corner of her eye, she saw Darleen smirk, then she heard Joy growl as she lunged for Darleen’s throat.
Alex had managed to jump out of the way. She fell to the floor just as Joy tackled Darleen to the ground. High pitched screeches filled the room, along with grunts as the sisters rolled on the ground in a tangled mess of arms, legs, and hair.
Lexi? Can you hear me? What’s going on?
Alex shook herself free from her shock and focused on her connection with Clair.
Come quick... it’s Joy and Darleen. They are fighting. Again, Alex saw something move along the wall.
That is nothing to worry about. Let them have it out. You know, get it out of their systems. It’s ok, don’t worry... now, if you will excuse me, I have to go back to bothering my cold warrior. Obviously, Claire thought this was a normal, everyday fight the sisters had... if she only knew; could see what Alex saw.
Claire!!! Please... something is not right. Joy’s eyes are black, and Darleen’s fangs are enormous and she had claws... there… there are shadows. They… they are moving along the walls… plea-
What… claws… shadow? I’m on my way. Before Claire cut their mental connection, Alex had felt her twinge of panic.
There was another one of those ear piercing screeches. Alex turned her head around just in time to see Joy get savagely tossed into the bed chamber’s wall. The entire room vibrated as Joy’s body collided with the hard marble. Alex flinched as her sister’s head cracked against the wall. When she went to take a step forward, in an attempt to make sure Joy wasn’t hurt, Darleen turned on her with a wail so loud that she had to cover her ears. Though her ears were covered, her eyes were not. They widened to the point of pain when she took a good look at her oldest sister. Darleen’s fangs had grown so long that they hung over her chin, her hands were no longer clawed but talons, sharp and covered in blood... Joy’s blood, Alex realized in horror. Red eyes, the same as the shadow she saw earlier, stared back at her. When wings suddenly exploded from her sister’s back… black, formless looking wings, Alex screamed at the top of her lungs.
Joy, who now had horns growing out the top of her head and shadows literately dancing around her, jumped on Darleen’s back. Darleen screeched and Joy growled as Darleen rammed her sister back into the wall. However, Joy didn’t fall by herself, she had embedded a newly formed claw into Darleen’s black wings, taking her to the ground with her. Once again, they tumbled and rolled around on the floor. Kicking, hitting, and biting each other.
“Lexi.”
Alex almost jumped out of her skin when Claire appeared in front of her. Her hair pulled tightly back, her midnight blue eyes focused on Alex from over her shoulder.
“You should leave now, Lexi,” Claire’s voice wasn’t the same; it was much darker, more powerful and commanding. “I do not want you to see your sisters like this.” With that, she turned her gaze from Alex and to her sisters that were still tangled in each other. With a flick of her hand, and more power than Alex thought her sister possessed, Claire separated her transformed sisters.
She held them suspended in the air as she approached them. Alex watched on horrified at the sudden change within her sisters.
“I said to leave,” Claire said with deadly clam without looking back at Alex. With another flick of her wrist Clair placed Alex in her room down the hall and locked her in.
Alexandra stood in the middle of her bed chambers lost in shock. She couldn’t comprehend what had just happened. Were those creatures in there even her sisters? Was she like them? Would she grow horns or wings? What had those shadows done to her sisters…?
Chapter 9

Alexios waited in the holding cell area of the arena with the princess nestled safely in his arms, while Balis and the green eyed female went to scout ahead for any danger.
“Warrior,” a feminine voice came from behind him. It was the first time he had heard her speak since he had freed her. But, then again, none of the females bothered to speak to him, not that he could really blame them. After that little display outside in the arena, he was positive every female, that hid in the shadows of the cells thought he was some type of demon spawn.
He, himself, was starting to believe that.
Where that power came from he didn’t know, all he could remember was that the moment those beasts had set their sights on his –the- princess rage so profound consumed him and he had no way to fight it. Didn’t want to fight it, didn’t try to fight it. In fact, he embraced it. He had let the ancient power hum through his body; his veins, his very blood. All his senses had been amplified beyond the point of excellence. He had heard the beating hearts of all those around him, even the black hearts of the slain beast. He relished the scent of fear that had radiated off of the creatures as he killed them. It fueled him, causing the power pumping through him to increase. He moved with the speed, precision, and strength of an entire elite army. Even now, he could still feel the power coursing through him. He craved more blood, more carnage.
Alexios’s gaze went from the stairs of the cell area to the precious treasure he held in his arms. Still sound asleep, wrapped in the comfort of that mystical robe, the princess was his first and only priority at the moment. The need for the carnage and revenge against her captors would have to wait until he had made sure the princess was safe and sound, in her father’s arms... in the arms of her future husband... the Warlock. Alexios’s blood began to boil again, power pulsing through his body. The Warlock didn’t deserve her. The male would only treat her like property and a breeding machine. She would be unhappy and miserable for the rest of her life.
That was one thing Alexios could not allow, would not allow.
His fair haired princess deserved to be loved, cherished above all others. Catered to day in and day out, she should only know happiness and pleasure... and if Alexios couldn’t have her and love her the way she deserved. He would find a male suitable for her; which might prove easier said than done. In Alexios’s view, no male would ever be suitable for the princess, not even him, but he would try and try until he searched the entire world of Dissida. The Warlock would just have to marry another, maybe her sister Joy. He never really liked her too much.
“Warrior, the path you are going down will not end well,” the female spoke to him again, this time; however, her voice was laced with a foreboding that chilled Alexios to his core. On the heels of that chilling feeling, came a deep sense of dread that made his blood run cold.
Finally, he glanced over his shoulder and fixed his icy blue gaze on the High Priestess, who stood directly behind him.
“Priestess,” he addressed her, his voice not completely like his own. It was deep, dark, “tell me, how long did you plan on letting these females suffer? How much longer were you going to let them be abused at the hands of these monsters... females that you are supposed to protect?” He paused, hugging the Princess closer to his body. He could feel the darkness closing in around them as he waited for the Priestess’s response. When all she did was glare up at him, silent in her response, he continued, “I would advise you, Nuvey, that until you can account for your own actions do not presume to know mine.” With that he dismissed her and turned his focus towards the stairs, where he could hear the approaching footsteps of his second in command.
“I have warned you warrior... the power that courses through you is not to be toyed with. It is a dark power that can and will consume you. All you will crave is blood and destruction. You will kill all that you vowed to protect, even your beloved Princess... this is one battle, warrior, that you will not win.”
Alexios, though he heard the female, refused to acknowledge what she said as fact. What he did acknowledge was the subtle shift in the air that let him know that the Priestess had disappeared, most likely back to her temple in the mountains in the Western Islands, taking the other females with her.
“Alexios,” Bails called from the top of the stairs. Alexios looked up at the male’s hulking figure, “all is clear,” then he vanished from sight.
Taking a deep breath, Alexios ascended the stairs. With each step he took, Nuvey’s words echoed in his head. No matter how hard he tried to ignore them. He could feel the darkness in him, whispering to him, words of death and blood, power and carnage, but he continued to ignore it. He could not let himself fall prey to that power, not when his enemies had yet to fully reveal themselves.
He walked through the doorway to find Balis, and the green eyed female, waiting for him in the entrance area. Dirty, with blood smears scattered across the floor, the entrance way was empty except for the four of them. 
“Where are the other females?” Balis asked, his hand on his sword, ever ready for battle. As Alexios approached the warrior and placed the Princess in his arms, he knew she would be protected while Alexios conjured his golden swords and strapped them to his waist.
“They are safe. The priestess has them.”

Bails watched with a blank expression as his friend and commander, who never wielded any type of majick ability, was suddenly able to manifest his swords without the help of another. Out the corner of his eye, he saw that the female, what was her name anyway, he wondered, hadn’t said more than two words to him the entire time they had scouted the entrance area. The knowing, and was that pride shinning in her eyes? Let him know that she had some clue as to what was going on with Alexios. He made a mental note to question her once they had made camp.
“The suns have almost set. Alexios, if we are to make it into the forest before those creatures come for us, we must move out now,” Balis stated as Alexios approached him again. His golden swords looking out of place with the common clothing he wore, with his arms outstretched for the Princess. Without hesitation, Balis placed the female carefully into Alexios’s arms and watched silently as the warrior walked, more like stalked, towards the front doors of the arena. Locked, he shouldn’t have been able to open the doors without putting the Princess down. Yet, the moment he stood close enough the entrance to the arena exploded open, the sound vibrating off the columns and the walls. Balis had to move out the way before a piece of the ceiling crushed him. Dust, debris, and some other stuff that Balis did not want to identify, clouded the air as Alexios walked through the recreated doorway and out the arena.
“My, my, what a show,” the female mused as she began to follow Alexios.
Before she could get too far ahead of him, Balis reached out, grabbing the female by the arm. The moment he touched her bare arm, a jolt of heat went through his body and he judged by the way that she stiffened she felt it too.
“I would advise you warrior to let go of my arm.” She gritted out through clenched teeth. Her animosity radiated out to him. He loosened his hold but did not let her go. He couldn’t let go. Her skin was soft under the touch of his calloused palms.
Slowly, oh so slowly for Balis, she finally turned to face him. Her gaze bore into him, straight through to his soul, his very being. She was lovely, even with grit and dirt covering her sun kissed skin. Sweet Faye god, those eyes were vibrant, glowing, dragging him in. He found himself instantly wanting to know about this mysterious and powerful, yes very powerful, female. He could feel the power oozing out of her just like he did with Alexios.
“If you do not remove your hand, I will be forced to cut it off.”
Never in his life had he ever heard a threat of dismemberment sound so inviting. The way her full lips parted, they way her tongue moved, the sound of her voice, was so tempting to him that he would let her cut off his hands and feet just to keep her talking and looking at him with those eyes.
“I know you are not deaf so therefore you must me dumb,” she jerked her arm free from his grasp.
“What is your name?” Balis finally managed to ask. With their contact severed, he was able to focus a little better and remember why he had stopped her in the first place.
“My name is none of your concern at the moment,” she stepped back, crossing her arms over her full but barely covered chest. Balis mouth began to water. He licked his lips to keep from drooling over himself.
What was the matter with him?
“All you need to know now is that I am an ally.” She continued, that sensual voice caressing Balis ears, “and that I do not like to be touched... by any male. So if you want to keep your body parts, Do. Not. Touch. Me. Again.” With that, she turned and strode out to catch up with Alexios, who had turned around to watch their interaction.
Balis stood there for a moment, dumbfounded as he watched the sway of her wide hips as she walked away from him. Never had a female spoken to him with such dismissal. Never had one threatened him. He felt the corners of his mouth twitch in amusement.
He liked this female... he liked her a-lot he decided as he followed behind them and into the dark forest.

Misty followed silently behind the Faye commander, stepping over rocks and crushing fallen leaves under her bare feet. Sore and swollen, she was surprised there were no blisters, she looked down at her feet, she took that back. The blisters that she saw made her want to vomit. Her beautiful feet now looked like they had been chewed on by a hungry Baraqel. She wanted to scream and kill every one of those Sapplings that took her captive. It was their fault she was in this situation.
“Watch yourself,” she heard a male’s voice say from behind her.
“Wha-” before she could finish her words she was smacked across the face with a tree branch. She cursed as her barely covered rear made contact with the stony ground. There would definitely be a bruise in the morning. Just what she needed, another bruise added to her already battered body.
“Let me help you.”
She looked up at the oversized warrior, who bent down in front of her with an outstretched hand. For the hundredth time since she had seen him she was awed by his beauty. She loved the fact that his silver white hair seemed to glow in the new moonlight as it rested against his shoulders. She found herself wondering how those layers of thick hair would feel against her fingertips. His smoky gray eyes reminded her of the mystic clouds that covered the mountains of the Western Islands. They were absolutely hypnotizing. Add to that his features resembled that of a male in his prime, rough and handsome, with a square jaw, a nose that would have been straight had it not been broken she assumed, not that it took away from his hard beauty. No, it only made him stronger in Misty’s eyes. She loved a man who could take a good punch and wear it well.
She found herself licking her cracked and dirty lips. Immediately, his gaze zeroed in on her tongue. Heat and desire blazed in those smoky grays.
“Take my hand,” his deep voice vibrated through her body.
Slowly, she took his hand. As if she weighed nothing, he lifted her off the ground into his body. The contact, through all the grime that covered them both, sent a jolt of passion through her. His scent, dark spices and wilderness engulfed her. All she could do was look up at him stupidly.
He’s touching you. Her mind screamed to her. He’s not to be trusted… he has wings. Instantly, her body stiffened.
“I told you not to touch me!” She’d meant to sound stronger, less breathless.
“I apologize but I could not help myself.” Damn him and that voice. When he spoke, all she could picture was the two of them in a large bed. “You looked like you needed a little help. It would not be good manners if I had left a female in the dirt.”
“How sweet of you,” she smiled sweetly at him. “I overreacted. Come, let me repay you with a kiss, for your kindness,” she licked her lips again. At first he looked skeptical. When she caressed the sides of his face, he found himself brining his mouth down to hers. Before their lips made contact, Misty planted her knee in his groin. He released her. She watched as he doubled over in pain, mumbling in a language she didn’t quite recognize.
She walked around him. Past Alexios, who, once again, had been watching the entire conversation. 
“I told you before, warrior, I do not like to be touched… consider that your warning. The last one you will receive.”
Chapter 10

As they continued forward on their journey through the thick forest, the night howls of its inhabitants echoing around them, Alexios found himself slowly gaining touch with reality again. The dark power that had hummed through his veins during most of their walk through the forest began to merge with his very being. No longer did he feel the need for blood and carnage. He was more concerned with finding shelter for his beloved princess.
“Balis.”
Instantly, his second in command was at his side.
“We are going to have to split up in order to find shelter. One of the twin moons is already high above us. Take the path to the right, make sure not to wander too far. We do not know what kinds of dangers lurk in the Dark Forest.” With a nod, Balis began his search.
“I guess that means that I am taking the lake to the left of us?” The woman asked as she came into Alexios’s view. And just like every other time he saw her, he was hit with a sense of familiarity that he couldn’t place. Try as he might he could not remember where he knew the female from. The not knowing was seriously starting to get on his nerves.
“You would guess right, now go. I will take the princess with me and scout ahead.”
“And if I find something? How will you know?”
“Just shout,” was all he said as he walked past the red headed beauty and deeper into the forest with his princess tucked safely into his body. Soon he would have to wake her to ask her what she was thinking, leaving the safety of the palace, of her guard. Maybe, he would yell at her or something.
“Well princess it’s a fine mess you have gotten me into.” He spoke lowly knowing that she could hear him.
“It’s not my fault you are helplessly devoted to me.”
The sound of her voice, soft and calming like the wind, caused Alexios to stagger in his steps, tripping over his own feet. When he finally got his bearings and stopped before he fell face first into the ground, he found himself staring down into the bright blue eyes of the princess. With her looking up at him like he was her savior, trusting him to keep herself. He was left speechless.
“Alexios… my Alexios,” when she reached her hand up to caress his face… he turned his head. Saddened by his rejection, her hand dropped back down, but she still looked at him with those blue eyes. “You deny my touch?” 
A question asked so simply and innocently that it almost broke Alexios’s resolve, threatening to make him spill his guts right then and there, just leave them lying on the forest floor for her to see.
“Princess,” was all he could croak out, thanks to the sudden dryness of his mouth and the huge lump that formed in his throat. Again, she smiled at him as she reached up to his face. Once again, he turned his head away from her touch.
It was not that he refused her touch. No, in fact, he craved it more than he craved the air to breathe. He was sure that she could hear his heart pounding rapidly against his chest. So badly he wanted to feel the warmth of her hand across his that he practically shook from it.
So, why didn’t he turn and kiss the palm of her hand as he had envisioned doing so many times before? Simply because, he could not bear to have her delicate hands touch the blood and dirt that covered his face.
“Alexios,” she sighed his name as her hand fell back down, “forever my dutiful warrior.” She paused for a moment, raised her hand to brush a piece of hair out of his face, then finally she tore her gaze away from him and observed her surroundings.
“We are in the Dark Forest” Alexios spoke before she could ask him.
She tensed. Only then did Alexios realize that he still held her tightly in his arms.
“The Black Forest?”
“No, Princess, we are in the Dark Forest that lies about a few days walk from the palace grounds. The Black Forest would be towards the Northern lands, where the Queen Witch rules. Trust me, if we were in the north lands we would not have time for this conversation.”
“And why is that warrior?” She asked as she wrapped her arms around his thick neck, bringing her face to face with him and her lips dangerously close to his.
“Princess,” gods was that his voice… that rough and raw?

As Tara stared into the glacier blue eyes of her warrior she could hear her heart hammering in her chest. The warmth of his breath mixed with the cold air to caress her face, making goose bumps break out across her skin. She was just thankful Misty’s robe still covered her. Preventing Alexios from seeing how affected she was by just his breathing.
“Alexios,” she found herself saying on a breath again, while one of her hands absently pushed loose strands of his dirty hair out of his face. Though she probably shouldn’t have touched him in the first place, now that she had, she couldn’t bring herself to stop. Her hand found her way to his scalp. Gently, she began to massage his head. Not once minding the fact that blood and dirt now covered her hands. All that mattered was that she was in the safety of her warrior’s arms.
“Tara,” he finally said her name. It was the first time she had ever heard her name out of his mouth. It was a sound she savored deep within her soul. And if she wasn’t mistaken, by the way Alexios had moaned her name; he too was savoring the sound of her name on his tongue.
“Tara,” he was staring hard into her face, the same way she stared into his. Both caught up in the moment. No boundaries, no rules, no King… they were free to express their feelings for each other without shame, without fear, “my sweet, sweet Tara.”
Gods, there was such longing in his voice that it made Tara long to ease him. Deep down inside she knew she was the only one who could. So she would take the chance and damn the consequences. She had her warrior and she had the time. “My brave warrior… my Alexios,” both her hands caressed his face now while he closed his eyes to savor her touch. The soft feel of her hands against his skin, “kiss me, Alexios, kiss me please.”
His eyes blazed and his nostrils flared as she began to bring her lips to his. She hoped she remembered well what he had taught her from their first kiss… her very first kiss. Her first kiss with her warrior…
It had been a quiet night in the castle. Her father and sisters had retired to bed early, right after evening dinner. It had seemed that night Tara had been the only one with any energy left, so she had wandered through the castle looking for something to do or someone to bother. But what she really wanted was her warrior, whom she found in the underground training room. He had been sparring with one of his warriors. She stood in the archway unnoticed, watching him with pride in her eyes. Her warrior was a thing of beauty as he moved against his opponent. Swift and fluid, he seemed to be moving like he had wings on his feet. With each thrust and strike, his powerful muscles flexed, making Tara’s body heat with desire. Images of those powerful muscles poised over her flooded her mind.
She wondered, while she stood there watching him train, just how big of a male he really was. Not that she would ever get the chance to find out, but it was always nice to dream. And what grand dreams she had of the two of them tangled in the sheets of his bed. There she would be surrounded by him, his essence, his scent, dark spices and power would flow through her senses.
She watched him as he suddenly stopped his advancing attack and pinned her with his piercing gaze. Her breath caught as she stood frozen in place. Alexios however, didn’t have the luxury of being frozen in place. His sudden hesitation allowed his opponent a quick attack. Easily the male’s fist connected with Alexios’s jaw. It was a forceful hit that she was sure would have put any other male on his ass, but not her warrior. He didn’t seem to notice the hit as he pushed the warrior aside. It was a shove that Tara noted, put the other male on his ass. 
She had watched with pride and fascination as her warrior stalked toward her like the predator he was. She was his prey.
“Princess,” his voice rumbled from deep within his massive chest as he continued to approach her, “what are you doing down here? Does the king know where you are?” He stood in front of her bare chest, leaving all of those rippling muscles on display for her greedy eyes.
Her gaze roamed over every inch of exposed skin. From his wide neck to his broad chest, that begged for her to drag her nails down his flesh, to his rock solid abs that glistened from sweat and flexed with his breathing. Then there was that dark patch of hair that started at his navel and disappeared under the waistline of the elk skinned pants he wore. She licked her lips, she couldn’t help herself. Just like she couldn’t help but imagine what was hidden beneath those pants. Slowly, she began to bring her gaze back up his body to his gorgeous face, and found his icy gaze fixed intensely on her. She saw that his lips were moving, but she couldn’t hear what he was saying. Not when she was imagining those full lips against hers, against her body.
“Princess,” his hand against her cheek, she turned to kiss his huge palm only to realize he had removed it. She wanted to scream out in protest.
“Alexios, your shirt,” the voice of the other warrior came from behind Alexios. She had forgotten just that quickly that there was another in the room with them. In a somewhat entranced state, she watched as her warrior reached one of his massive arms out, the muscles coiling and uncoiling with his movement. Such large arms, large arms that she wanted to wrap around her. When he gripped the fabric from the hands of the other warrior, she imagined that those strong fingers were gripping her in the heat of passion. Once again, her breathing increased. There was a tightening between her legs.
At that moment she wondered how much longer it would be before she threw herself at him, begging he’d take her.
“Bryan, I need for you and Kale to search the castle grounds and make sure everything is in order. Then find Fearean and Balis, have them search the area around the town.”
The silent warrior nodded and left the room, not once sparing a glance at Tara. Walking by her as if she didn’t exist, and for the life of her, she couldn’t figure out what her sister, Claire, found so enticing about the cold warrior.
“Princess,” Alexios’s voice brought her attention back to him. When she saw that he had already put back on his shirt a twinge of disappointment went through her. She had hoped to see more of that sexy flesh of his, “Princess.”
She looked up at him.
“You know you do not belong down here… does your father know where you are?”
She folded her arms across her chest. Hopefully in the process, she was able to push her breast up to give herself some cleavage, “of course not… he and my sisters retired to bed after evening dinner.” She batted her eyes, “it’s just me by my lonesome. Well, me and my warrior.” She gave him a sultry smile that earned her a hard, almost scowling, look.
“You should be upstairs… come with me,” with that he brushed past her, shattering her dreams of being more than just work. He led the way through the dark corridor, up the castle steps and back into the main hall while she followed silently behind him.  Only when they reached her bedroom door did he turn to look at her. “Come, Princess,” he said, pushing the double doors of her bed chambers open.
She wanted to protest, to scream out at how unfair her life was. Here she was a beautiful princess, who could have any male she wanted, yet the one male she did want didn’t want her. She wanted to kick him just then, but instead of acting like a spoiled brat she straightened her spine. Lifting up her dress, so that it did not drag on the floor, she walked past her warrior and through the archway of her bed chambers. As she went past him, she felt his firm grip on her arm.
Slowly, her gaze went from the hand on her arm to the warrior that held her in place.
“Princess, please understand that you deserve much more from a male than what I can give you. Please try and understand that.”
For a moment, she didn’t respond, just stared at him trying to figure out what he meant.
Someone better for her than him? Who would be better for her than him? He was her everything, her friend, her protector, and if she had her way her lover. She knew that his true loyalty was not to the king or crown, but to her and her alone. He would die rather than see any harm done to her. Just like she knew he would kill any creature that dared to threaten her safety. That he had proven more than once. No, he was wrong, there would never be anyone better for her than her warrior. If only he knew that.
“Alexios, you know me better than anyone, better than my own sisters. Yet, you have no idea of what I truly need from a mate.” She turned completely to him then, making him loosen his hold on her arm. Stepping closer to him she pressed her body up against his as she stood on her toes to look him in the eye. “Tell me, Alexios, would you do anything for me?”
“If it is within reason,” was his dry response as he stared at her.
“Kiss me.”
Her demand surprised him. He jerked back away from her, not realizing that he was caught between the door and her.
“Kiss me,” once more she demanded, knowing that he had nowhere to run. Granted, he was easily double her size, he could easily maneuver her out the way, but she knew he would not push her away and risk hurting her.
“Is this what you consider within reason?” he asked, his voice sounding rougher than usual.
“Yes, I would rather have you kiss me first than some strange old male.” Her small hands began to roam up his chest. “I know you will be gentle and show me the right way.”
“Princess,” now, he sounded like he was in agony.
“Alexios, would you deny me such a simple request?” She rubbed her body against his.
“You do not know what you are asking of me.” His voice was growing rougher still. If she just pushed a little harder his resolve would crumble.
“I am asking my warrior, my protector, to kiss me. I am asking for you to put your lips to mine… I am asking you because I know you would not do anything to hurt me. I have often heard stories of how a kiss can become passionate,” that last word she whispered into his ear. His body shook under her as his mind struggled for control. “They tell of how a male can become forceful and aggressive, hurting the female.” She ran a hand through his thick black hair, velvety smooth against her fingertips.
“I can’t…”
Putting her finger to his lips, she silenced his protest. “I told them not my warrior, not my Alexios. He would never use force against me.” She paused. “Alexios, please, I do not want some forceful or cold male showing me what you are perfectly capable of showing me… do not deny me.” She placed a tender kiss against his strong chin. That’s when she felt a cool stream of air go across the top of her head. His body finally relaxed under her and hunger had begun to shine in his eyes. She smiled to herself. She had won him over and couldn’t wait to collect her prize. 
“One kiss, princess… one kiss and we speak no more of this. Do you understand?” Though he said the words, and she guessed they sounded more convincing in his head, they were weak and lacked the confidence they usually had.
“Oh yes,” she practically purred. “I understand perfectly.”
Just like that, she had his complete compliance. He growled deep in his throat as he lifted her up. Her legs wrapped instantly around his narrow waist.
“We cannot do this in the hallway princess,” he spoke softly to her. His facial expression had been tender as he pushed her hair behind her ears.
“I understand,” was all she said before he strode into her bedroom, pushed the door closed and headed towards her oversized bed.
Her heart was beating so hard she thought it was going to explode out of her chest. Goose bumps had broken out across her arms. Her body was on fire. He held her small body to him with one arm wrapped around her waist, while the other continued to stroke her face. All the while, he never took his gaze away from hers.
When he reached the bed, he paused. His body tense. For a brief moment panic threatened to consume her as she began to think that he would back out of his promise.
“Princess, are you sure?”
She wished he would shut up and kiss her already. “Alexios, you are mine.”
“For this moment I am,” he grumbled, slowly, oh so slowly, he lowered her down on the bed, his body on top of hers. Finally, she had him where she wanted him. Quickly, she began to mold her body against his. When her core brushed against his male hood electricity shot through her. At that moment she had never been happier for common clothes. Had he had on his armor, she was sure making contact with him would have been much harder.
“Princess,” he was so close the tips of their noses touched, “just a kiss.”
She doubted she would be able to stop at just a kiss once she had tasted him.
“Kiss me,” her voice was as low and rough as his. There was a slight hesitation, then finally, bless the gods, finally, his eyes closed and his lips touched hers. Soft and gentle as they moved against hers, her entire body shot into awareness of the male on top of her. Carefully and not so confident, she began to move her mouth with his. She heard him groan, then felt his hands on her. One had managed to slide under her body, finding its place against her lower back, pushing her body closer to his. The other hand found its way under her dress and stroked her bare thigh. Trembling under him, her desire reached new levels with each delicate kiss. Innocent kisses that she mastered within seconds, when she felt his tongue brush across her lips, she knew he wanted to deepen their kiss. He wanted more from her, which is what she fully intended to give. Needing to give him everything, her body, her heart… her very soul she opened her mouth.
She moaned as their taste mixed together and her body melted into his. His tongue danced against hers, his hands roamed over her body while her core was still pressed against his hardness. Her senses were out of control as she embedded her hands into his silky hair. She wanted a kiss so deep that neither of them would be able to breathe. He sucked and nibbled on her tongue. She repeated the same action. A growl echoed in the room and the next thing she knew she had been lifted off the bed and into his lap. Her legs wrapped around his waist, his hands against her back, pushing her closer into his body. Their heavy panting echoed through the room. She had waited so long to get him here that she never wanted it to end. She wanted more, craved more. Before she thought better of if it, she removed her hands from his head to her shoulders. Instantly, her warrior’s eyes opened and she was faced with the hungriest gaze she had ever seen.
Those eyes watched her intensely as she began to push the straps of her dress from her shoulders. She thought she had him, thought she had seen the same feelings for her that she had for him… but, she had been wrong. At that moment, he registered what she wanted. His body went stiff. The hunger left his gaze and those blessed hands stopped roaming over her body. His cock had even lost its life. Easily, he reached around his back and unhooked her ankles from around him. Then he carefully sat her on the bed as he withdrew from her. 
 “Princess,” how did he get his voice and body back to normal that quickly when she was still reeling from their kiss? “I apologize, but I can’t go any further with you.” How could he sound so distant from the situation? “I have done what you asked and we will not speak of this to anyone.”
Blinking, once, twice, three times, she couldn’t believe what was happening. “Yes, I know,” was all she could say. Anything more and she would have broken down.
“Sleep well, Princess,” with a deep bow he turned from her. Without glancing back, he strode out of her chambers, letting harsh reality settle on her shoulders. They would never be nothing more than what they were now. She would not cry. He had done as she asked and nothing more.
Even now, seated in his arms, in a forest where no one was around, her lips close to his, he made no move to kiss her. Once again embarrassment washed over her. When would she realize that she was nothing more to him than his job?  Maybe that was the real reason she had left the palace, not because of her arranged union with the Warlock, but because she could not stand to be in the same place as Alexios after his rejection. How could she look him in the face, knowing that he would never love her the way she loved him. The pain would be unbearable. Running had seemed like a good idea at the time.
Pulling away from him, she was determined not to make a fool out of herself again. Turning her head away from him, she looked at the forest that surrounded them. Suddenly, she felt trapped by the thick trees and her out of control emotions. It didn’t help that the feel of Alexios’s hard muscles under her made her want to stay in his arms forever.
“You can put me down now warrior. I am perfectly able to walk on my own. Holding me in your arms is not part of your duties.” She had tried to make herself sound as nonchalant as possible, but with her emotions running rampant through her body, her last words came out harsher than she meant them too… or had they?
When he didn’t move to put her down, she turned her gaze back to his. He stared at her for a moment with an expression on his face that she couldn’t make out. She didn’t know if she had angered him or insulted him… now that she thought about it he looked pained. Had she hurt his feelings? She started to feel her resolve crumbling, not that it was strong to begin with, but the last thing she wanted to do was hurt him… right?
For a long moment, neither of them made a move. Instead, they stared at each other, trying to fight the emotions threatening to overtake them. It was Alexios that broke the tense silence.
He blinked as if coming back to himself. “As you wish,” he placed her on her feet. The sudden coldness of the forest floor shot through her, yet it was nothing compared to the coldness that seeped into her heart. She had tried to ignore the detachment in his voice and failed. She didn’t want to acknowledge the way the absence of his warmth left her cold and empty. What made it worse was the emotionless way he stared at her. Unable to take it anymore, she turned from him. Giving him her back, she secretly hoped that their earlier words, which had been spoken with such tenderness, had not been false. That he would pull her back into his warm body, wrap those strong arms around her and…
And what Tara? Her hands balled into small fists at her sides. You have thrown yourself at him, offered him everything and he still refuses you. She scolded herself, even as she continued to feel her heart breaking in her chest.
She could not continue on like this. If she continued on like this she would drive herself crazy. She could no longer hope to have what did not want her. It was killing her. If she wanted to find a male of worth, that was capable of filling the void that Alexios had caused. She had to stop her obsession with the warrior.
Granted, she was still technically promised to the Warlock. Though that arrangement she was going to have to work out with her hot-headed father. She refused to mate with that twisted old male. If she had to defy the King of the Faye then so be it. But first she needed her and her warrior…
No, not mine, she reminded herself. She would have to remember that he wasn’t, probably would never be hers; which, of course, was hard to do with him standing so close behind her. The pure primal and potent masculine heat of him soaked deep into her body. It washed over her, mixing with her own need.
How could he not be hers when he was the only male to make her feel this way? Tears began to sting her eyes, threatening to fall down her face. She was fighting a hopeless battle.
“A few days walk,” she whispered, needing to take her mind off him. There were far more important matters for her to focus on other than the cold male with her. She placed the hood of the cloak over her head in an effort to hide her tears. “We should keep moving.”
As she took a step forward, Alexios’s massive body blocked her way. Stunned by his sudden appearance, she gazed up at him from under the hood of her cloak, her eyes widened with surprise.
How had he appeared before her so fast? 
He stared down at her, his eyes no longer their beautiful blue but black. His features were shadowed by the trees of the forest, which made him look more menacing than usual. Add to that the dark power that now radiated from every part of his body. He made for a frightening sight.
A chill went down her spine and she began to back away from him. This was no longer the warrior she knew.
What had happened since she’d been gone?
“Understand this,” he stalked towards her, his voice laced with the power that now consumed him. Heavy boots crushed fallen branches and leaves under them. “I will not allow you to wander through an unknown forest and put yourself in danger because, in your naivety, you are upset with me for not accepting your advances.” He was practically growling at her, it was a sound that terrified her and yet enticed her. She didn’t know whether to run and hide or yank his delectable lips to hers.
“You yearn for me to take you and ravage you like some common whore.” He still stalked towards her with those black eyes staring a hole into her, straight into her soul. “You do not seem to understand that I will not take your virginity here on some forest floor, while I am covered in blood and dirt.” 
She backed away until her back was up against the thick trunk of a tree. She was forced to hold her position and face the monster she had lured out. Even as he came to stand face to face with her, so close that their noses touched and his warm breath caressed her face, she was not scared. Yes, some new found power, the likes of which she had never known, had made its way into him. Yes, he was twice if not three times more deadly than he had been before, but the more she faced him, the more she knew that her warrior was still with her. The power had not consumed him. Once she had realized that any hint of fear left her and was replaced by full blown lust at the powerful predator in front of her.
His words echoed in her head. She instantly pictured him taking her on the hard ground of the forest, of him ravishing her hard and fast. Her body heated and she felt her cheeks flame. She licked her lips, noticed his gaze went straight to her mouth.
He frowned, his lips started to move, but she paid no attention to what he was saying. All she pictured was once again having those lips against hers.
Flushed… ravish… ground… the only words her mind made out. Though they should anger her, offend her, she was oddly drawn to those words. She had never heard him speak those words and with such passion. It made her pulse hammer.
She needed to kiss him. She was going to kiss him and not care about how she felt afterwards. Humiliation, heart break, and anything else she could think of would have to wait, because right now, all she could think about, was those lips of his.
“Is that what you want princess?” was all she heard, his voice still laced with that dark power yet she could hear the longing in him. That was more than enough for her.
“Yes,” was her quick response before she crushed her lips to his. Instantly, his body tensed and that dark power around him intensified. When he made no move to kiss her back, she groaned in frustration against his lips, molding her body to his. Jumping up, she wrapped her legs around his waist. Her arms locked around his neck. Instantly, like she knew he would, his hands gripped her thighs to keep her from falling. She smiled against his lips.
“Why are you doing this?” he whispered to her, his deep voice rough. “I am not worthy of you.”
Staring directly into his dark eyes, which seemed to be turning back to their normal color, she saw the soul of the only male that would ever be worthy of her… such valor and courage she saw in her warrior.
“Because, we need it,” with that she crushed her lips to his again. This time his body did not tense. He groaned, kissing her back with the same hunger she gave him. He pushed her back between the tree and his body as their tongues danced.
His kiss burned her, set her body on fire like nothing else had. She caught his tongue gently between her teeth and sucked on it. He groaned, more like moaned, as his hands began to travel up her thigh to cup her ass through the cloak. Her desire devoured her and seeped into him just as his dark power entered her.
This was nothing like the first time they kissed… no, this was more savage, primal.
She needed more, she needed all of him and she’d have it, knew she could have in that moment.

He could have her. He was going to take her right there against the thick base of the tree. Alexios growled at the sweet taste of her. With her legs wrapped around his waist, the cloak that covered her hanging open, his hands were free to travel up the outside of her thighs. All that protected her delicate body from his heated touch was the tiny piece of fabric that covered her breast and hot core. He cupped her ass, both cheeks in his hands. He rubbed her core against his throbbing erection. Her body jerked in response. He caught her moan in his mouth. He tried to swallow the sound. He wanted to swallow her very essence as he demanded more access to her mouth. Tilting his head, he deepened their kiss as he rubbed her core against him again. This time it was his turn to moan as desire shot through his body.
He broke their kiss so that he could lavish a trail of kisses from her mouth to her neck. He inhaled deeply, letting her sweet scent consume him. She moaned his name. His body hardened even more. He couldn’t wait to have himself buried deep inside her while she screamed out her pleasure over and over. Her hands buried themselves in his hair, massaging his head.
Again he inhaled deeply… his body tensed, mixed with her sweet scent was the faint smell of stale blood.
“Alexios…?” he could feel her breath on the top of his head. With that breath the smell of stale blood intensified.
His head snapped up so fast that the top of his head clashed with the princess’s chin; much to her credit, she didn’t cry out in pain at the sudden impact, nor did she seem affected by it.
“Why did you stop? I was enjoying myself,” she asked him with her desire reflected in her half hooded stare.
Alexios couldn’t bring himself to speak as he stared down at her. The area around her mouth and cheeks were covered with dried blood. His gaze, now hard as stone, traveled down her body. The image that he saw was enough to make him lose his grip on the princess’s thighs and take several steps back. He watched as she caught her balance, her face a mix of confusion and desire.
She seemed not to notice the fact that she was covered in dirt and blood. Alexios on the other hand was fully aware of her appearance, as she stood before him with an open cloak that revealed her too slim body covered with the gook and grime of their enemies. He could clearly see where his mouth and hands had left their bloody imprint. But it was the impression of blood that was on the inside of her thighs that made him sick with disgust.
Here they were in the middle of the Dark Forest, surrounded by enemies and he could think of nothing but his own base desires. His anger spiked. How could he be so negligent of his duties? He was supposed to be focused on returning the princess home, not fondling her in some forest. Not to mention he didn’t even account for the fact that she probably hadn’t had a decent meal or bath since she fled the palace. He should have been making sure she received the nourishment that she needed and a proper bath in the lake, not covering her in the black blood of the creatures that had held her captive.
The lack of attention that he showed towards contemplating his duties as her royal protector suddenly hit him. It was time that he focused. As if to agree with him, the power that had somehow managed to become a part of him began to course through his body.
 It hummed through him, sharpening his senses. “Princess now is not the time.” He spoke the tremor of his voice deepening.
She smiled at him. As if she hadn’t heard him, she began to approach him. Any other time, her seductive walk, the slight sway of her hips, would have him struggling for control. But with her ribs poking out through her skin, the hollow cheeks of her face, her hair clumped and caked with dirt, and her body covered in blood, all she managed to do was steel his resolve to attend to his duties as a protector. Now, once she was clean and fed, he couldn’t promise not to pick up where they left off.
“I think now is the perfect time.” She whispered into his ear once she had reached him. She wrapped her frail arms around his neck. He cringed when she fully pressed her body against his.
“Then, I will tell you not to think.” He said dryly as he removed her arms from around his neck. “Look at yourself,” with that he pushed her back, about an arms length so that she had enough space to look down and take in her appearance.
“What is wrong with me?” she asked. But even as the question left her lips, she looked down at her body. She frowned, and then brought her hands to her face so that she could examine them.
“A bath and food is what you need, not me,” at the sound of his voice her gaze locked with his. What he saw shocked him to the point that he was left speechless. There she stood before him with a smile and a spark of desire in her eyes. Slowly, she walked back to him, closing the small space that separated them.
“This is not a problem warrior.” As she spoke to him, that tempting smile of hers remained in place, “you are as dirty as I am.” Her hot and heavy gaze went over his body. “This simply gives me an even better reason to get you out of your clothes and into the bath with me.” Once again her arms found their way around his neck. After seeing that the blood hadn’t scared her or dampened her desire in the slightest, his desire had been reignited. His body was instantly hardened yet he refused to act on it.
“Prince-” his words were cut off by the sudden flare of his majick. He could sense, almost feel the approach of another being. By the way the princess tensed in his arms, he could tell that she felt it too.
Pushing her away from him, back towards the huge tree,  he turned to scan the area around them. He scanned, his vision enhanced by his new found powers, yet he could see nothing out of the ordinary. There were no figures hidden in the shadows of the surrounding trees, nor could he hear any advancing footsteps.
“Alex-”
“Be quiet,” he told her. As he uttered those words a vibration rocked the forest around them. He braced himself as the ground shook and threatened to collapse beneath their feet. For a long moment the forest shook, just when Alexios thought it was over, another vibration, this time stronger than the last, shook the forest. He looked over his shoulder to see the princess pressed tightly up against the base of the tree. Third quake came and Alexios was forced to look in front of him.
What is going on? As that thought crossed his mind a large figure stepped from the trees in front of him. The figure shadowed by the trees, continued to approach Alexios and the princess. With each step the ground shook beneath them.
 Alexios positioned himself between the princess and the approaching figure. That grew taller the closer it came. His body hummed with power as the possessive instinct to protect what was his flared up.
His? 
Did he really think she was his? After that kiss… damn right he did. Every molecule in his body screamed for him to take her. To stop denying himself the pleasure of her touch, of her love. Especially, since she seemed to insist that he take her no matter how hard he protested or tried to persuade her otherwise.
You are such a fool, Alexios. That much he knew, but he would have to chastise himself about his stupidity later, right now he had to focus.
The figure stopped its advancing steps, to stand no more than a few feet from Alexios. A tingling sensation made its way down his spine as he stared at the intruder. His body tensed. The power within him hammered harder through his veins as he stared straight ahead with his hands on the hilt of his swords. The figure seemed to cock its head to the side. As if it was attempting to study Alexios’s actions. It took another step forward, instantly Alexios dropped into his fighting stance. Growling low and threatening, he pulled his swords free from their sheaths.
Once again the figure paused in its steps and cocked its head to the side. Alexios watched the figure intently, well aware of the fact that the princess stood close behind him against a tree.
For a long moment the figure just stood there, in front of Alexios, with its head cocked to the side. Though the being did not move, Alexios never dropped his guard. He couldn’t, not when the being in front of him was throwing off a majick wave that made a mockery of the power that now pulsed inside Alexios.
The longer the figure stood still, the more Alexios began to crave blood and carnage.
“Warrior,” the voice that came from the figure boomed through the forest. Deep and powerful, it almost made Alexios bow down to the being in front of him. “Alexios.”
“How do you know my name?” Alexios demanded, even while he fought the growing urge to attack the figure in front of him.
“I know many things warrior…” Suddenly, there was a bright glow that came from the figure’s eyes. “But most importantly, I know the future of the Faye kingdom if you fail.”
Alexios frowned. “Who are you?”
“I am not here to harm you or your female,” it continued as if Alexios hadn’t asked a question. 
His grip on his swords tightened as he fought for control against the dark power that now demanded he take the head of the being in front of him. The raw hatred that continued to flow and grow in him, threatened to consume him.
Something was not right here. It was as if this power knew the being in front of him, and wanted revenge… and wanted it bad.
“You are more likely to harm her in your current state than I am.”
Alexios growled, “You. Will. Not. Touch. Her,” he took a step forward, “I will take your head if you try.”
The glow that came from the figure intensified to the point that it threatened to blind Alexios.
“You dare to threaten me!?!” Its voice now boomed, loud and clear shaking the forest trees the surrounded them. “You dare threaten the God of the Faye!?!”
God of the Faye? Alexios’s mind scrambled to make sense of what was going on around him and the sudden increase of power that continued to demand that Alexios challenge the god. Alexios was not so foolish as to challenge a god.
“Impossible,” the princess whispered from behind him. The figure heard her voice. Slowly, the god turned his glowing gaze towards the royal heiress.
“Nothing is impossible my dear.” Just like that the shadows that had hidden the god’s face disappeared and Alexios was left staring into the face of the one being that could kill him without so much as a passing glance. A face that looked much similar to his own.
“I am Bozark, the god of the Faye.” He turned his glowing gaze back towards Alexios, “and I am here to teach you how to use the ancient power that lives inside you… for you are my son, and I will not watch you die at the hands of my enemies.”
Chapter 11

Balis watched her as she sat at the lake’s edge. Her hand gently skimmed the water’s surface. The small waves hypnotized with their movement under the light of the twin moons.
Desire and longing churned in the pit of his stomach as he stood hidden behind the forest trees. A sudden gust of wind carried her exotic and untamed scent. Wild and powerful, she filled his senses. His eyes closed as his nostrils flared. Inhaling deeply, the need in his body intensified. His pulse hammered while his heart pounded rapidly in his chest.
Again he inhaled, trying his hardest to embed her scent into his memory. He wanted to store it, hold it and keep it forever. With that thought, his hands balled into fists, in an effort to keep his nails from turning into claws. His desire for this mysterious female threatened to turn him into a mad beast; to reveal a secret he fought so hard to keep. He felt his fangs as they began to elongate.
Against his better judgment, he inhaled again.... and again. She was gone. The scent of her had left the soft breeze. Slowly, he lifted his lids.
Where is she? He thought when he no longer saw her by the lake. His gaze rapidly scanned the area around him. There was no trace of her. She was really gone, just that fast.
For reasons he couldn’t explain, he felt an emptiness in the pit of his stomach at the thought of losing her. Why he felt that way for a female that he just met he didn’t know. All he knew was that she made him long for things. Made him long for… well, he wasn’t exactly sure what he wanted from her. Granted, she was one of the most beautiful females he had ever seen and had a body that he wanted in his bed… but there was something else there. Something that he couldn’t explain, whatever the reason, he intended on finding out what it was about her that captured him so.
Just as soon as he figured out where she had disappeared too.
He frowned. 
How had she done that? Completely vanished without a trace?
“What are you doing here?” Her voice, low and deadly, caressed his ear. Her warm breath caressed the back of his neck, sending surge after surge of desire through his body. Consumed by the sudden need to claim her and mark her as his own, Balis was left speechless and unable to answer.
What was wrong with him?
“I asked you a question, Warrior…” She growled in his ear. Gods help him if it wasn’t the sexiest thing he had ever heard.
When he still refused to answer she growled again. This time, however, Balis felt something sharp, a dagger’s blade most likely, pressed into his side. That earned her a smirk.
Such a vicious thing, he mused to himself.
What did she hope to achieve with such a small weapon? Didn’t she know who he was? What he was?
No, of course not, no one knew what he was because it was a well guarded secret. But every creature in the Eastern Islands and beyond knew who he was… All except this, enchantingly beautiful, female that continued to press her blade into his flesh.
“Answer me or are you going to prove that you are deaf as well as dumb?”
“Far from it actually,” he finally responded. He was sure that she sensed his amusement over her actions. “What do you hope to achieve with that?” he nodded towards his side where she held the dagger with a steady hand.
As he awaited her response, he let her wild scent devour him. He was steadily hardening under his clothing. The need to have her naked under him as he drove himself deep inside her was becoming harder to ignore with each gust of wind that pushed her scent further into his senses. As his body began to shake from the need coursing through him, he struggled for control over his raging desire.
“Why are you shaking?”
The change in her voice caused another surge of desire to shoot through his body. Low and husky, he pictured her moaning his name over and over as he drove himself inside her. Her green eyes would blaze from desire. Her nails would dig into his ass, encouraging him to drive deeper. She would beg him to go harder… faster. And he would, he knew it. He had a feeling, that when he got her into bed, she would break the control that he worked so hard to maintain. The combination of her moaning and lush body would send him over the edge, into a frenzy. Then he would claim her. Marking her as his life-mate, they would spend the rest of his very long life indulging in the pleasures of each other’s body…
He felt the blade of the dagger pierce his flesh. The sting of her blade brought him back to reality. His mind anyway was back in the present; his body on the other hand, had a mind of its own. His erection still throbbing, in need of release, was obviously still fantasizing about the beauty behind him.
“Warrior, my patience is wearing thin. So I will ask once more… why are you following me… why are you shaking… what images caused your body temperature to increase to the point that I can feel its heat?” She may have meant to ask the questions as if she didn’t already know, but by the catch in her voice, the sudden breathlessness he heard as she spoke, let him know that she knew exactly what he was thinking. She just wanted him to say it. That was fine by him. He was not one to be shy or hide his intentions. If she wanted to know the images that played in his head then so be it. He’ll just show her.
With movement so fast that she didn’t have time to register, let alone react to what was happening, he had pulled the blade out of his side. Tossing it to the ground, he pinned her to the nearest tree. She struggled beneath him, but he held her arms above her head in a firm grip. He positioned himself so that her knees didn’t have access to his groin.
“What are you doing?” He figured it was his sudden attack that caused the hardness to come back into her voice. But no matter, he would change that soon enough.
“I’m showing you the images that were playing in my head from the first moment I saw you,” he inhaled deeply, “smelt you.” Hot desire pumped through his veins as he eyed her full lips. His gaze lingered there, already imagining them pressed against his, for a moment they traveled down the small space that not only separated them but gave him an excellent view of her delectable body.
Her full breast, barely covered by the slave clothes she had been given, rose and fell with her rapid breathing. So bad he wanted to palm them, to have them in his hands so that he could taste them. His mouth watered. Large hands itched to touch them, but he knew the moment he let her wrist go she would try and strike him. Not that he would really blame her, given the fact that he had forcefully pinned her to a tree. He was sure that the tree’s rough bark was uncomfortable for her back. It was her fault. She had asked to know what he was thinking. She should have been more careful, especially around a male like him. He took his gaze away from her mouth watering breast and let it travel down her flat stomach and across her wide hips.
She was just his type of female. Her hips had been made for him, for his hands to grip as he drove himself inside of her from behind. Her strong and thick legs would wrap around him as he switched positions. Again, desire threatened to turn him into a mad beast. He wanted to have her right then and there. To take her whether or not she wanted him to… that was wrong of him, right? Through his lust filled mind, he couldn’t decide. All that mattered was him burring himself deep inside her. He finally stopped and stared at the triangle between her legs, her core, like her breasts were barely covered. There was a little patch of red curls sticking out from under the fabric that let him know that her sex was close… so close.
He growled. Her sudden gasp causing him to bring his gaze back to hers. Beautiful green eyes blazed… with desire? Rage? He couldn’t tell at that moment. All Balis knew was that when he had dragged his gaze back up to meet hers he saw her hardened peaks. In the state that he was in, that was more permission than he needed.
He stared long and hard at her face before he spoke, “I am going to show you all the images…”
With that he began to lower his lips to hers.

This could not be happening. Not again and not now. There was nothing she could do to get away. He had made sure of that. His massive and powerful body had her caged between him and a very uncomfortable tree.
How had she gotten herself into this situation? She had been at the lake’s edge trying to figure out how she was going to tell Alexios that she was his long lost sister and have him believe it, when a chill went down her spine. Someone had been watching her. Reaching out with her powers, she had found that it was the warrior. The one currently pinning her to a tree had been watching her. Instantly she had vanished and appeared behind him. The plan had been to startle him, to catch him off guard and teach him a lesson in privacy.
However, that plan had backfired the moment she was near him; putting her in her current situation.
“I am going to show you all the images…” his words echoed in her mind and her body tensed.
Surely, he didn’t intend to take her against her will… but once she had locked gazes with him. Her heart dropped out of her chest. His gray gaze glowed so bright she thought she would go blind. He was no longer the warrior that she had met at the auction. He had turned into something darker… more dangerous, with his mind focused on one thing; her and her body. She could see it clearly on his face, felt it by the way his thick erection pressed into her stomach.
While the thought of being taken against her will again terrified her, she was also slightly aroused by the power of this warrior. Her body had sparked with its own desire for him. Her nipples had drawn tight while moisture pooled between her legs. She cursed herself and her body. She fought, was still struggling for control, over her body’s reaction to him while trying to avoid a very devastating situation.
When she saw that his gaze had zeroed in on her lips and his head began to lower, her heart jack hammered in her chest. From fear or anticipation of having those powerful lips against her, she didn’t know. All she knew was that she could not let him take her… not if she had any hope of avenging her family. These warriors needed to respect her as a comrade and not see her as some common whore because of her full body.
If she was going to go through with her plan she would need their help, and if she wanted their help they had to view her as a warrior… besides what would her brother think of her? What if this warrior took her and learned of her past? What she really was? How would she explain that?
No, no matter how her body reacted to him, she could not allow him access. She had to stop this.
“Is this how all warriors of the Faye behave?” She spoke low but stern. The question caused him to pause and frown. Then he licked his lips and gods help her, because no creature should look that sexy from such a simple action.
“What are you talking about, female?” Dear gods, that voice, deep and predatory, was too inviting, too appealing… too damn dangerous to her well being.
“Should I expect every warrior of the Faye to force their selves on me as you have done?”
He scowled deeply. As if understanding his actions, a low growl rumbled from deep within his chest, vibrating through her body. His grip on her wrist tightened to the point she thought he was going to break them. “No warrior shall ever touch you against your will.”
Now it was her turn to scowl at him. “So it is only you who I have to worry about… I did not take you for the type of male that forced himself on others.” She turned her head from him then whispered. “Do what you will for you won’t be the first or the last, I am sure.”
Ok, that part she hadn’t meant to let out, but she couldn’t stop herself. It was her last resort. She didn’t enjoy remembering her past, but right now old memories coursed mercilessly through her mind. Squeezing her eyes shut, she cursed the way her body trembled uncontrollably and the tears that burned her eyes.  All she could see were the faces of the males that had beaten and used her for their base desires. Sobs welled up in her throat, but she refused to let them fall. Her tears, however, refused to listen to her as they made their way down her cheek.
Gods, she hated her memories. Hated the weakness they caused in her. They took her back to a place where she could not move… had no way of escape.
“You have nothing to fear from me,” she heard his voice, just barely. As much as she wanted to believe his words, she couldn’t. She had been told that very same thing countless times by two faced males. They all had lied and tricked her into hopes of freedom. At the last minute they placed chains around her; relishing the hopeless fear in her gaze as they loomed over her.
She squeezed her eyes tighter. Still the tears flowed, so much so that she could feel them falling on her shoulder and rolling down her arm.
“You disgust me,” she whispered even as her tears found their way into her mouth. She wasn’t necessarily talking about him as much as she was referring to herself… her weakness.
“Is that so?” It wasn’t a question. In fact, he had spoken with such disappointment in his voice that another sob caught in her throat. But still she refused to open her eyes and face him. She couldn’t bear to watch what he would do to her.
What if he doesn’t do anything? The small voice in her head suggested. It offered a small piece of hope that she would not delude herself into believing. Besides, even if she could bring herself to meet his gaze, saw that he meant no harm to her; she still couldn’t face the image of herself that would be reflected in his silver gaze.
Too caught up in her own tormented world, she hadn’t noticed he had released her. Her arms now dangled loosely at her sides.
“I did not mean to make you cry.” His thumb wiped away the tears that stained her cheek. A tender touch that was meant to comfort her, only made her body shake harder as she continued to fight back a new wave of tears. “I apologize for my actions.”
The pity in his voice made her want to scream. She couldn’t handle it. Emotions from the past and present mixed to the point that she didn’t know whether she was coming or going. She needed to pull herself together before she collapsed to the ground in a ball of tears.
Again in the silence between them, she felt the warmth of his palm against her cheek. And she hated it. Hated the way desire shot through her body, overriding her fear. She should have been happy for the slight relief from her torments. Instead, a rage so profound welled up inside of her that she was sure her eyes had turned black.
Damn her and her body. How could she long for a male that had been moments away from forcing himself on her?
Maybe I am the whore they branded me as. The thought caused her to flinch. Her hands balled into fist at her sides. Dark power slowly built up inside of her. She felt its pressure, its need for release. She had to leave, get away from the male that threatened to send her into a mental breakdown.
“I accept your apology,” her voice was raw and barely above a whisper. “But,” her rage now coursed through her as she finally opened her eyes and pinned him with her stare.
He was absolutely beautiful, a part of her longed for him to touch her. Touch her in a way no other male had… she had thought he was different. “The next time you touch me, I won’t be caught off guard,” she growled at him. She could tell by the scowl on his face, by the way his gaze focused on her face, that her eyes had indeed changed colors. “Force yourself on me again, Warrior, and I will kill you.” With that, she vanished from his sight but didn’t go very far.
For all her rage and anger, she couldn’t help but watch him from behind the shadows of the forest trees. She watched him confused by her feelings as he bowed his head deeply. His hands, balled into fists, rested against the base of the tree.
What is he doing? She wondered. Her head cocked to the side. His massive body appeared tense and shook as if he was restraining himself.
There was a soft breeze that brought his dark scent to her. It invaded her body and made longing course through her. She needed to get away from him. Find some way to release the power building in her. Just as she went to move his head snapped up, turned and she was pinned under his glowing gaze.
Chapter 12

The Faye Place Underground: Abandoned Dungeon

Things were falling perfectly into place. All he needed now was for his final piece to make its way home. The time was drawing closer. Soon the Red Sun would be upon them. Already the barrier that surrounded the dark source power had significantly weakened. Even now, as he walked through the old abandoned dungeons of the palace, he could feel the power within his reach.
Soon, I will control the Eastern Lands and the Faye’s power will be mine to command. The Warlock thought as he passed another dark holding cell. The sound of his footsteps echoed through the darkness around him. The dungeon, secluded deep under the palace was as cold as ice. Only the sound of burrowing insects could be heard; this far below ground there was no other life to be found. There was no light, except for the lit torches that hovered against the damp walls of the dungeon. Their dim light stretched down a seemingly endless corridor of empty cells. With each empty cell the Warlock passed, the pull of the dark power grew stronger. The lure of black majick led him to a cell whose bars were bent back to form a circular opening.
This was it. It was here. Finally, after all his searching, he had found it. The immense power that radiated from the dark cell was overwhelming. Silently, he wondered how the King, with his own powerful majick, could not feel the ancient power hidden right under his nose. Not that it really mattered. The Warlock would make sure, with the Red Sun behind him that the King knew all too well the power that rested in his kingdom.
You will be avenged. He vowed that much. His hatred for the Fayes sat at the core of his being. It controlled and ruled over him. He would not, could not rest until the King was dead, his daughters enslaved, and his army destroyed; especially the one that thinks of himself as the leader of the army. I will tear his head off with my bare hands, before the entire kingdom. A show of what is to come.
“That is an excellent idea... excellent.” Feeling that his victory was within his reach, the Warlock closed his eyes and focused his powers. In his mind’s eye, he could clearly see the majick barrier that circled the ancient power. Various colors of mystical power swirled. In the center rested the ancient darkness. It sat in the middle of the barrier, a solid black sphere that called out to him. He would have sworn that the power was actually whispering softly, like a young lover, in his ear. It tempted him, dared him to reach out and take what he desired. Absently, he reached his hand out to touch the power. The closer his hand came the more seductive the call of the majick. Just as his hand skimmed the surface of the barrier, he was hit with a blast of majick so powerful that it knocked him into the cell behind him. His body hit the wall; he heard a cracking sound, then all he felt was the cold floor beneath him. His head throbbed as black spots began to cloud his vision. The mental hold that he held to glimpse at the sphere had been broken.
He dragged himself to his feet. Again, he closed his eyes as he attempted to touch the power. The black sphere appeared before him, but its appearance had changed. The dark source power was still contained within the barrier’s center, but the barrier appeared to have cracked. There were small spaces within the barrier that hadn’t been there moments ago. Dark power seeped out of the openings and into the space around it. Instantly, he felt that he was being watched. His eyes snapping open, he expected to find the king or someone from the royal house behind him. All he was greeted with was the same empty, dark cell he had been in.
No, something else is here. He felt it, could feel its gaze on him. His eyes scanned the cell. He frowned as he noticed the shadows along the walls that stared at him with red eyes.  Not knowing what to make of this new development, he tried speaking. “What are you?”
“Death… blood… kill… us… yes… we must… we must kill… bathed in blood,” voices came from all around him. Creatures spawned from the dark source, their need for destruction coursed through them. “Kill… kill…. kill… blood… death… hungry… feed… blood… screams… death… kill, kill, kill, kill… KILL THEM ALL.” they repeated over and over.
As the Warlock listened to them, he became filled with excitement. Their hatred and need for blood matched his own. Though they seemed ready and willing to devour whatever was in their way, they seemed to be missing something.
“Who do you want to kill?” He asked, though deep down inside he already knew.
“All of them... kill them all… the king… the king… all… the Faye… the Witch… the Wizard… the Elf… they all must die… trapped… their fault… hate them… hate them... kill them… kill them… all of them, all of them… ALL OF THEM!”
“We have a common goal… how about we help each other.”
“Help…? Each other…? Friend…?” The shadow creatures were silent for a long time. Their gazes transfixed in the center of the cell, where the Warlock was sure they could see the source power. “Yes, yes, yes… we accept,” they answered simultaneously. Their red gazes locking onto the Warlock, “friend… ally… we kill them all…”
“Yes, kill them all,” he said. As he spoke the words the shadows began to disappear from the cell. Some disappeared into the walls, others glided down the dark corridor.
“Blood…”
“Death…”
“…all.” Soon their voices faded all together, leaving the Warlock alone in the cell with a wicked grin plastered across its face.
Kill them all. The Warlock mused as he turned and made his was down the dark corridor. If these creatures came from small cracks in the barrier, he couldn’t wait to see what would appear once the barrier was completely broken. Anticipation hummed through his body.
Chapter 13

The palace was quiet as Taylor walked the spacious halls that were immaculately decorated with rare rubies and jewels. After leaving the warrior name Fearean, he had decided to explore his new surroundings. As he walked aimlessly down the halls, his gaze traveled along the walls. Portraits of various members of the royal family hung on both his sides. To his right hung the gorgeous portraits of each of the Faye princesses, framed by precious jewels.
“They are all so beautiful,” Taylor whispered to himself as he gazed at the paintings. Never in his life, short as it was, had he seen females as beautiful as that of the Faye King’s. He stopped at the first portrait that loomed over him.
“Alexandra,” he read the name engraved in the bottom of the frame. His gaze traveled up the painting. She was painted in a puffy dress; Taylor thought did her no justice. He stared at her face. Youthful, with cheeks full of color, her short black hair fell just short of her shoulders. As he looked into a pair of round hazel eyes, that even though painted seemed to glow. He felt nothing but innocence and goodness from the portrait. Her smile looked shy and timid which for some reason reminded him too much of his mother’s.
He winced at the memory, fighting back his rage and tears. For what would crying do? Nothing, so there was no need for him to shed any more tears. His tears wouldn’t bring his family… his mother back. He clenched his hands, large for a male as young as he, into fist at his sides. His small body shook. Unable to handle his grief he tore his teary gaze away from the painting.
I will not cry. He told himself as he came to the next portrait. For a long while he just stared at his bare and dirty feet, trying his hardest not to break down.  From his memories of that night, he remembered the walls and floors of his home covered in blood. Unstable emotions continued to roll through him. Bubbling up to the surface, it took all of his self-control not to lash out. Already, he felt his nails digging into the flesh of his palms. The image of his mother, telling him to run as the life drained from her eyes, replayed itself over and over in his mind. Pain and grief slammed into him. Over and over her screams, while she was repeatedly raped and violated, echoed in his head.
“Noooo!” He practically screamed with his hands over his ears. As he let out his cry of anguish, a single tear rolled down his cheek. His gaze locked with that of the female in the next portrait. Her midnight blue gaze stared back at him boldly, in bright contrast to the rest of the painting. Instantly a feeling of calm settled over him. Fascinated, he dropped his hands from his head as his feet took him closer to the painting, until he was close enough to touch it. Just as his hand reached to caress the canvas, he yanked it back. His gaze still remained locked with hers. He found that the longer he stared into her eyes the calmer he became.
For a long moment he stared into her beautiful face, letting the wave of calm consume him. It had been so long since he felt at peace, that he just wanted to linger in the moment. He gazed at the bottom of the picture frame and read the name.
Claire. Her name was a whisper in his mind. She was just as beautiful as her sister, though she appeared older. Her gaze held a knowledge that the one before hadn’t. Yet, defiance radiated from her gaze by the way her eyes were narrowed. Her face was beautiful with the same high cheekbones, straight nose and pouty lips. Claire’s dark blonde hair fell over her shoulders in long layers.
As hard as it was, Taylor finally went on to the next portrait and he would have thought the female before him was Claire, had it not been for the meanness that was portrayed in her green eyes. Though she looked exactly like Claire, just with pale blonde hair, she lacked the same defiant spark that her sister had. Instead, she was surrounded by a sad and lonely aura that he was sure none of her sisters saw. The type of pain she cried, he understood all too well.
“Joy,” he read her name aloud and wanted to laugh at the irony. He looked back at her face and saw everything except joy.
Growing depressed and enraged the longer he looked at the portrait, Taylor moved on to the next one. He was left speechless. Her pale blue eyes caught him in their stare and burrowed deep into his soul. Looking at her he felt exposed, as if she could see every scar on his soul. Yet at the same time, he sensed understanding and acceptance. He smiled as he looked at her. He felt as if he knew her for some odd reason. Felt as if he had seen her…
“Princess,” he whispered as the realization hit him. He had seen her before. This was the female he had tried to save. The one Alexios was out looking for. His body began to shake again as he stared at the portrait. He wondered how she was doing, wondered if Alexios had found her yet.
 He stared at the painting and compared it to the actual female. The one he had seen with his own eyes had been malnourished and battered, though her beauty still shinned it was nothing compared to what the painting showed him. In the painting her cheeks were full. Her face held a healthy glow. Her blue eyes shined brightly. She had a radiant smile. One that he was sure many males lost their hearts to.
His hand reached out to touch the long golden locks that were painted. This time he didn’t pull his hand back. Instead, he brushed his fingertips lightly across the surface. The moment he touched the painting a jolt shot through his body. His breath caught. Right before his eyes, he saw an image of her and Alexios. The scent of blood surrounded them. Shadowy figures that soon resembled trees were scattered all around them.
This is the Dark Forest, he thought as he continued to spy on the pair as they spoke to each other. Though he couldn’t hear their words, he felt the tension between them. Then, without any warning, he watched as Alexios gripped the princess and forced her back against the tree. With wide eyes, Taylor looked on as Alexios took the princess’s mouth with his. Instantly, Taylor felt his face heat from watching the intimate moment. Feeling like an intruder he yanked his hand away from the picture. His connection with them and the painting severed.
Lastly, he stood in front of the portrait of a female he had seen for himself when he first entered the palace. He admitted the portrait did her no justice. In the painting she was painted just as slim as her other sisters, when in reality she had lush curves that even made his youthful heart skip a beat. While Taylor was young, he knew a sensual creature when he saw one. The oldest princess was definitely an exotic and sensual female. The painting was dull in comparison. All that it accurately portrayed was her thick wavy brown hair and amethyst eyes. He wondered how many males had been lured into her bed by her sultry aura.
Though, if Taylor recalled correctly, this female only had eyes for one male. What was her name again? Darleen, that’s right, it was Darleen. He remembered all too clearly the way she had thrown herself at Fearean. At the warrior’s rejection Taylor had seen hurt and pain in her eyes. He wondered what had happened between the two of them to create such feelings. There was no doubt in his mind that the pair had slept together. Their feelings, however, ran deeper than a one-time rendezvous. Even as the warrior pushed her away, his heart called out for her.
His gaze wandered back to Tara’s portrait, the image of her and Alexios clearly present in his mind. He looked back at the picture in front of him, wondering if all of the royal family held hidden feelings for the elite guard.
Shaking his head at the princesses and their forbidden love he continued on his little journey. As he walked further, he came across more portraits, old paintings of the old Faye Kings. However, it was the last portrait that caused him to stop his wandering and admire its craftsmanship. Framed in gold and various colored rubies, that Taylor was sure was worth more than his entire life, the current King’s presence was looming. His gaze blue penetrated Taylor’s soul as he gazed at the painting. The King, with his blonde hair, painted into a loose ponytail was an imposing sight. The sudden urge to bow down at the base of the painting was almost too hard to ignore. With a strong set jaw, straight nose, wide forehead, high cheek bones and thick blonde brows, the portrait of the King towered over Taylor with a hidden menace.
The longer Taylor stood gazing into the icy blue gaze of the painting, the more uneasy he became. There was a darkness surrounding the portrait that chilled him to his core. Taking two shaky steps back, the urge to run became nearly unbearable. Backing away, he felt the gaze of the painting weighing down on him… suffocating him.
Dark images settled in his mind. He squeezed his eyes shut as images flashed rapidly in his mind. He saw blood and dead bodies. His heart hammered in his chest as the smell of death took hold of him. Dropping to his knees, he covered his ears in an attempt to block out the screams that suddenly rattled his skull. Horrifying screams gripped him, refusing to let go. His small body shook.
 What was wrong with him? 
Hot Tears made their way down his cheeks, falling to the floor as he fought against the darkness that wanted to consume him. 
“Hey… are you ok?”
He barely heard the voice as the screams continued to rage in his head. Warm liquid touched his palms. His ears were bleeding, he realized.
“Youngling,” the voice, though barely auditable sounded full of concern. “What’s wrong?”
He tried to move his lips. Tried to form words, but all that came out was an ear piercing wail that echoed through the halls of the palace and his own mind. He screamed and screamed some more until he was sure that when all this pain was over he would have no voice left. With each scream the voices and images became more distant. Though he should feel happy, he couldn’t. Without the voices and images he was left with the darkness that wanted him.
His voice gone, his body weak, and his nose and ears bleeding, fighting was out of the question. No matter how hard he tried. Drawing a single breath into his body was a chore. When the darkness reached for him, he was left helpless. It caressed him, its touch cold as ice. He didn’t want to go. But, with one last scream, that came from deep within his young and frightened soul the darkness took hold of him and refused to let go.

Darleen watched with wide, horrified eyes as the youngling’s body fell limply to the floor. Her body trembled from fear, yet still she managed to bend down and check the small male’s pulse. She pressed two fingers against his neck. She had to make sure he was alive. Cringing against the heat of his skin, Darleen focused on finding his pulse. His pulse was low, but at least he had one.
“Gods,” what was she supposed to do? She had never seen anything like this. The poor male’s ears and nose were leaking. His blood spilled onto the palace floor. She needed to stop the bleeding before it left serious damage. Taking a deep breath, she reached out with a shaky hand to brush a lock of his dusty brown hair away from his face. She touched his forehead. First with her fingertips, she eased her majick into him.
Gods, he’s burning up. Closing her eyes, she forced more of her healing majick into him. Her entire palm rested on his forehead as she searched his mind for any damage.
Sweat gathered at her brows as she focused her power. Healing him was draining her majick at an alarming rate. The darkness that held him was incredibly strong, its dark energy forming a barrier around his young mind.
Arms shaking her body demanded she give up.
You can do this, Darleen. Giving up was not an option. No matter how dizzy she became… or how weak, she had to get past that barrier. Concentrating on nothing but the darkness in front of her, Darleen summoned what remained of her draining powers. Mystical energy filled her, welled up inside of her to the point she thought she was going to explode.
That’s it… just a little more. A little more power and she would have enough to blast the wall into pieces.
Now!!! Her mind screamed and she released all of her power into his small body. In her mind’s eye, she saw her majick hit the barrier and explode in a blinding light. The impact rocked her skull. She swayed and started to fall backwards. She caught herself. She couldn’t afford to lose contact with the male… which she did anyway despite her attempts. The slightest movement caused her limp arm to fall away from the youngling’s forehead.
She watched for any change. Her heart beating wildly in her chest, she waited for his breathing to return back to normal. Hoping and praying his eyes would open and he would be ok… but none of that happened. His condition remained the same. Darleen’s heart plummeted out of her chest. Failure weighed heavily on her shoulders. Gradual pressure began to well up between her temples.
Suddenly, she felt as if there was something clawing at the walls of her mind. Loud screeching sounds echoed in her ears. Darkness wanted to claim her… the same darkness that had a hold of the male in front of her. Weakened and drained, she wanted to give in, just so she could have a moment's rest.
She couldn’t. She still hadn’t reached the youngling. He still lay in the same balled up position lost in the dark void of his mind. She refused to give up. With slow and sluggish movements, she brought herself back to her knees. The throbbing in her head intensified. She spared a brief glance down at her dress to find that she was kneeling in blood. Bile rose in her throat, but she held strong. Shaking her head clear she once again reached for the youngling, placing her palm flat against his forehead. She hissed at the contact. He was hotter than he had been when she first touched him. She swore she could hear the skin of her hand sizzling as she touched him.
The moment her hand touched his, his body jerked wildly. Darleen gasped. Jerking her hand away, she watched horrified as his small body convulsed and spasmed. A scream caught in her throat as his body twisted violently. His joints snapped and popped in and out of their sockets. The sound made every inch of Darleen’s skin crawl. The darkness was pulling him in deeper.
She had to hurry, at least get him into a stable position until she could go and get help… speaking of help where was everyone? She was sure there was at least one servant in the palace that had heard his agonized screams. Why hadn’t anyone showed up yet to help?
She would worry about that later. Right now she needed to turn her focus back to the young male in front of her that was still withering in pain.
You can do this… you have too. Gathering her courage once more, she once again reached out to the youngling. This proved to be a difficult task given the fact that his body was still convulsing uncontrollably. She, herself, was on the verge of blacking out. But through some miracle she was able to position herself on top of him. Though she struggled to contain his movements she was able to place her palm against his cheek this time.
Immediately, his body stilled. He lay like a stiffened board under her. Her breathing coming in rapid breaths, she squeezed her eyes shut and began to channel her majick. For a while nothing happened. There was no spark of energy that let her know that her majick was building. Just as her frustration grew, her power rushed out of her and into the small male. It was such a sudden blast that almost had her collapsing on top of the youngling.
Her arms burned as she used both of them to force her power into him… but nothing worked. All her efforts were useless. The darkness that had festered and grown within the male had already rooted its-self deep into his mind.
As she began to pull away a shock coursed through her. She froze. Her breathing even stopped for a moment. The shock was unexpected and unwelcome. Coldness suddenly crept over her. She shivered as the hairs on her arms began to rise.
What’s going on…? She thought, but she didn’t have long to wonder. On the heels of the shock, that still was rocking her body, came the darkness. With her eyes closed and her powers channeling into the youngling she had no way to protect herself. The darkness that had consumed the male now wanted her. It whispered in a dark voice as it crawled up her arms. She tried to yank her arms away, but couldn’t.
Trapped… She couldn’t move as the power made its way into her. Weak, her arms fell loosely to her sides. The power that had held her frozen in place was now gone.
Dark energy hummed through her veins, her blood… her very being. It was somehow mixing… becoming a part of her.
Panic began to set in. Her heart thundered against her chest. She opened her mouth to call for help but nothing came out. Gruesome images played in her mind. Horrible images of blood and gore that chilled her all the way to the bone. The stench of death and betrayal was thick in the air. It was suffocating her… she had to get help before her throat closed and she collapsed dead on the palace floor.
With darkness consuming her and her power draining it took everything she had to force the scream out. The sound erupted from her mouth echoing loudly down the halls. It was a long and hard scream. She prayed someone heard before it was too late. As quickly as the sound began it ended. Darleen collapsed on top of the youngling’s prone body and fell into the abyss that was sure to claim her soul.
Chapter 14

Fearean’s head snapped up as a chill went down his spine. The hairs on the back of his neck rose, letting him know that something was seriously wrong within the palace. His stomach churned and he halted in his attack, which got him planted on his ass. He hit the ground with a thud, but was on his feet in an instant before a soul shattering scream pierced his ears. It was a scream that vibrated through his body.
“What was that?” he heard Bryan’s voice from beside him.
“I don’t know, but I don’t like it,” was his response as he took Bryan’s outstretched hand. His comrade jerked him to his feet as another chill went down his spine.
“Let’s go,” Bryan said already half way out the double doors of the training room.
Quickly, Fearean followed behind the blue haired warrior with heavy training swords gripped tightly in his hands.
He and Bryan ran up the stone staircase that separated the training room from the rest of the palace. Their heavy footsteps hard and rapid echoed in Fearean’s head. His pulse raced as they rushed through the door and into the hallway of the palace.
Their footsteps joined that of the royal servants as they headed in the direction of the scream. They ran past numerous statues and paintings along various corridors. Each one he passed caused his pulse to hammer harder.
“Hey,” the familiar voice entered Fearean’s mind. He turned his gaze to his right, mindful not to trip over his own feet. Kale, his golden hair bouncing with his movements, fell into step with him and Bryan. “Do you think one of those Sapplings made their way into the palace?”
“Doubt it… come on, this way,” Bryan’s stone voice penetrated Fearean’s other ear.
Without a word the three warriors turned down the hallway to their left, their heavy footsteps echoing even louder in Fearean’s head. But the sound wasn’t enough to drown out the sound of his heart beating rapidly against his chest as he ran down the hall.
When he saw the large group of servants, the princesses, and the King standing in a circle near the end of the hall his heart almost fell out his chest. Quickly he scanned the crowd and prayed his eyes were deceiving him.
Where is she? His frantic mind questioned as a heavy darkness descended around him. It made his unusually warm blood run cold.
No more than three feet away from the crowd, his footsteps slowed, as did Bryan and Kale’s. Too many sets of eyes to count focused on the three of them.
As the crowd parted, Fearean could see a head full of brown hair splayed on the palace floor. For a moment his heart stopped beating completely. It took all his concentration and effort to keep his body from trembling as he reached the two fallen bodies.
Please do not let it be her. Fearean silently prayed as darkness began to surround him. Out the corner of his eyes, he saw shadows dancing along both sides of the palace walls. They covered each and every painting in the hallway.
He blinked to make sure his eyes weren’t playing tricks on him. There one moment, gone the next. They vanished from the paintings, but they didn’t stay gone. Instead, they appeared behind the King and his daughters.
Fearean frowned. Was he the only one who could see the creatures?
He spared a glance over to Bryan and then Kale, both warriors were looking directly at the shadows but neither of them seemed to notice. Their gazes were focused only on the large crowd that continued to grow closer.
Am I the only one that can see them? Great. Fearean thought as he went back to studying the shadows. Though he was sure that these were the same ones he saw along the paintings. They seemed to have not only doubled in size but multiplied. In front of him stretched an endless black sea of shadows that claimed the halls behind the King.
That’s when it slammed into him; darkness so thick and potent that it threatened to suffocate him. With each advancing step he felt it seep into his skin. Growing dizzy, he almost halted his pace. Then suddenly he felt the darkness receding. Soon, he realized, that the closer he and the other warriors came, practically Bryan, the smaller the shadows became until they simply vanished into nothingness.
As his head cleared enough that he could think without falling face first to the floor, Fearean focused on the mission at hand. Once again, he found himself scanning the faces of the crowd. He saw the beautiful and fearful faces of Princess Claire and Princess Alexandra, whose gaze found Kale’s briefly. Fearean couldn’t help but slide a glance at Kale, whose whole body seemed to tense even more from being under the hazel gaze of the young princess. The warrior’s pace even slowed so that he fell behind in their little trio.
Fearean made another mental note to question Kale about his reaction.
Damn it, focus, Fearean cursed himself and the fact that he was being easily distracted. He was failing in his duties as a warrior because of it. He had to focus. Once again, with his mind back on the situation in front of him, Fearean continued his scan of the crowd. He registered the emotionless faces of Princess Joy and the King.  He saw the face of every servant that worked within the palace. He even caught a brief glimpse of the Warlock as he stood far away from the rest of the crowd. His arms at his side and his gaze focused intently on what was in front of him, his expression well-guarded.
Fearean made out every face, except for the one he needed to see in order to keep his hysteria from overtaking him. He prayed that his eyes were deceiving him and that she was locked in her room crying over his latest rejection. But even as that thought crossed his mind he recognized it for what it was. His feeble attempt to convince himself that the little bit of brown waves, that he could make out on the floor, did not belong to his princess.
It hit him again, the darkness of the shadows as they gathered back around the crowd. Their menace and evil oozing out of them more intense than before, it made his blood turn to ice in his veins.  He pumped his legs faster as he absently wondered though the sudden fogginess of his brain, who had made the palace halls so damn long? All this running and he had yet to reach the center of the crowd.
As they made their way through the crowd, the servants that saw them coming quickly moved out of their way. Others had to be shoved or forced to the side. When Fearean neared the center of the crowd, he could make out two motionless forms on the floor. Their faces and most of their bodies were hidden from his view by various body parts of the small group in front of him.
However, what he was able to make out clearly was two pair of legs, one of which was all too familiar to him. Thick and shapely, they were covered by his favorite dress. He could remember all too clearly how they had felt against him that one night. He felt his heart drop to his stomach. His breath caught in his lungs as he was finally able to push his way to the center of the crowd.
In that instant his world slowed down until it came to a complete stop. Right before him, lay his beautiful princess; sprawled out on the palace floor with small trickles of blood running from her ears and nose. Motionless, he couldn’t tell if she was breathing or not. Suddenly, it was hard for him to remain upright. Knees weak, he wanted to drop down and scoop her into his arms.
Darleen. Her name was a sad whisper in his mind, enough to finally bring him to his knees beside her and the small body she laid on top of. Though he knew he should be taking in the area around him, looking for any dangers that could have caused this, he couldn’t bring himself to care. Not when he felt as if he was about to pass out from dizziness and nausea.
You pass out and not only will the King see you as weak, but you will fail her.
Right, he couldn’t fail in his duties, not when they came to her. He couldn’t pass out in front of the entire palace and the King.
What kind of warrior would that make him?
A weak one, that’s what, he couldn’t afford to look weak. Not when unseen enemies were swarming all around him threatening to toss the palace into darkness. No, he could not weaken and allow the shadows that drew closer to have her.
Steeling himself against his emotions, he pushed his weakness and dizziness away. With his regained composer, somewhat, he was able to take in the scene around him. Besides the princess there was another body. He cocked his head to the side and pushed the hair that had fallen over the face away, trying his best to ignore how soft it was, and looked at the second body.
When he saw the youthful male’s face, he cursed.
Taylor? Fearean could hardly see the small male’s body under the princess’s lush curves. Focus.
How had he gotten out here? Why had he wandered so far away from the warrior’s room?
He would have to worry about that later. Right now, he had to focus on what was in front of him. With that in mind, Fearean studied the pair, while Kale and Bryan tended to the crowd. He saw that Taylor lay pinned under the princess, arms stiff at his sides. His small hands were balled into tight fists. As Fearean reached to un-ball Taylor’s hands, a spark of dark energy shot out from the youngling into him.
Fearean jerked his hand back. Even with the contact severed his arm burned from the power that now coursed through him. It made his head pound. His skull felt as if it would split in a half at any moment and its contents would spill to the floor for everyone to see.
He stared at his hand, then turned his gaze back to Taylor and studied his face; a face that was once again half covered by beautiful brown waves that Fearean’s uninjured hand itched to touch.
Focus. He scolded himself. He had to focus. There were too many silent stares on him.
“What is wrong with my daughter warrior?” The King’s voice was low and threatening. “What has that male done? What have you brought into my kingdom?” The King was asking questions that Fearean could not answer. But he vowed he would find out. He had known Taylor was different, had felt it, but this… the dark power, black majick, that seeped out of the small male was like nothing Fearean had ever expected.
“I do not know your, Highness.” Fearean paused to study Taylor’s rapid eye movement, then he turned his attention to the princess. She still lay motionless on top of the small male. Her breathing labored. Attentively, he reached out and brushed her hair away from her face. He would have enjoyed its beauty had it not been contorted by pain and tears.
“Princess Darleen.” He managed to keep his voice formal, but he couldn’t say the same for his touch. He called her name again as he gently caressed her cheek. Once again Fearean was forced to snatch his hand back; this time not from dark powers, but from the sheer heat of her skin.
He frowned at his hand, as boils and blisters started to form, then back at her. Her face was still twisted with pain. Her eyes moved rapidly behind their lids.
“Princess,” he called to her again, this time without touching her. “Darleen,” still he received no response. His panic raised another notch.
“Warrior,” the King’s voice was in his ear again, accusatory and scolding. “You had better do something or you will be joining them in their pain.”
Fearean ground his teeth together so hard that he was surprised he didn’t crack his molars. His sudden anger and annoyance at the King washed over any panic that he felt.
Doing something would have been easier to do if he could figure out what was wrong with the two of them.
Why hadn’t the King been the one trying to reach his daughter? Why had he just stood there glaring down at her without doing anything? Call for help? The questions bombarded Fearean. With each question, his anger was steadily rising.
Did he plan this… because she disgraced the crown?
Had it not been for that scream, Fearean shivered, no one would have known what had happened until it was too late. She had been close enough to the King’s chambers that he would have been one of the first ones to find her, yet he still hadn’t summoned any of his warriors.
Rage threatened to consume Fearean as the shadows grew closer. He ignored them. He refused to believe that the King, her father, would let his disdain for his daughter’s actions put her life in danger.
“Get them out of here, they have seen enough.” In the distance behind him, he heard Bryan’s voice. In the next instant the sound of receding footsteps reached his ears.
The now empty space allowed for more shadows. As the shadows grew closer, the angrier Fearean became. The need for the King’s blood coursed through his body. Slowly, his vision began to turn red. His nails began to grow. Sharp fangs, that he kept hidden, scraped his top lip. His inner beast wanted out. The need to tear apart every being around him was almost too much to bear.
The shadows were on top of him now. So close that he could make out beady red eyes that hadn’t been there before. Doubling in size they now stood as tall as the ceiling, towering over Fearean and the two bodies. Their sinister voices encouraged him to take the blade that was hidden in his left boot and plunge it deep into the King’s cold heart. His mouth salivated for blood as his hand began to inch its way towards the blade.
Do it, kill the king, and give us his blood. The darkness told him. His hand gripped the handle of his blade. The shadows purred in delight. As he started to pull the blade from his boot a soft whimper made its way into his frenzied mind. 
Immediately, he turned his gaze to the princess. Her face seemed to hold more pain and anguish than before. Tears flowed freely down her cheek onto Taylor’s body. The moment the tears touched the small male his body convulsed so badly that he tossed the princess off him. Her unconscious body was sent sliding across the floor. Instantly, Fearean dived after her, his previous anger forgotten. She would have cracked her skull open against the wall had Fearean waited a second longer. Latching onto her ankle, he pulled her body to his a moment before they hit the wall.
Fearean’s body took the brunt of the impact. He didn’t know what was worse, the increased pounding of his head from hitting it against the wall or the heat from the princess’s body that was beginning to burn him alive. The burning was definitely worse, but that didn’t stop him from holding the princess tightly in his arms.
Doing his best to ignore the pain, relief flooded him as he looked down into her, now, relaxed face. The longer he held her, the cooler her skin became. He no longer felt as if he was holding living fire. However, his head still pounded. His brain rattled against his skull. Even so, he still sighed in relief. He turned his attention towards the set of wide eyes that now watched him.
“Wha-” Before the King could finish, what Fearean was sure a mocking statement, a scream filled the air around them. Instantly, all eyes were on the small male on the floor. His small body curled into a tight ball as scream after scream penetrated the air. Fearean held the princess tighter in his arms as the shadows began to flock towards Taylor.
What is going on? Fearean thought as he watched the shadows float past the King, princesses, and the two warriors. They crowded around Taylor, whose screams were becoming more terrifying with each passing moment. Every protective instinct that Fearean had screamed for him to kill whatever was hurting the small male, but he couldn’t do that. If he rushed over to the youngling, he would have to leave the princess. He looked back down at her, the screams suddenly drowned out as he stared at the female in his arms. Leaving her was something he could never do.
He looked back up to the group that surrounded the male. Another wave of relief washed over him as Kale kneeled down beside the young male. His relief was short lived as he realized Kale could not see the thousands of shadow creatures that surrounded them. They crowded around Taylor, reaching out to him.
One of the shadows touched the male’s forehead. Instantly, the shapeless form was absorbed into his skull. Another agonized scream ripped from his throat as the stale scent of blood filled Fearean’s senses.
There was a shift in his arms, drawing his attention away from the scene a few feet away from him. He looked down at the princess. Sweat covered her forehead. Her hair stuck to her forehead. Her brows were drawn tightly together as she whimpered in his arms. Reaching out to caress her face, he needed to assure her of his presence. That she wasn’t alone in the darkness. As his fingers touched her cheek, her body jerked wildly in his arms. Struggling to keep her still, he noticed several shadows had turned their attention to them. Fearean’s body tensed. He gripped her jerking body tighter, sure that there would be bruises on her body once everything was over. He watched, his eyes narrowing as the shadows drew closer; their dark intent obvious in the air around them as they came closer.
The sudden burning of his body drew his attention, momentarily, away from the shadows to the princess. Out the corner of his eye, Fearean saw a shadow reaching for her. With a threatening growl Fearean kicked at the creature. He expected his efforts to be wasted and his attack to go effortlessly through the shadow. What he didn’t expect was to land a solid kick that sent the thing flying across the hall and into the wall. The shadow’s screech of pain was enough to make Fearean’s ears bleed. He expected the thing to jump up and renew its attack. Instead, it continued to screech as it dissolved into thin air.
What… the…? Fearean thought. He could harm them? How? And why was he the only one that could see the damn things? Though he wanted to investigate it further the shadows that remained around him grew, their anger and menace spiked at the loss of their comrade. As much as he craved a good fight, he quickly remembered that the princess was in his arms. He had to get her to safety first. Everything else came second. That included Taylor and the King.
Kale… Fearean mentally called to the warrior. Though the warrior didn’t turn and reply he felt his presence in his head. He projected his thoughts. I’m taking her to the healers. Take care of everything here.
From the distance he saw the warrior nod slightly, then mouthed what Fearean had said to Bryan who was at his side. The blue haired warrior looked at him, then nodded, neither one aware of the shadows that were surrounding them.
Fearean gave them a quick nod of his own and vanished with the princess safely in his arms out the palace and to the Temple of the Healers; just before the claw of an approaching shadow could harm his princess.
Chapter 15

Tara walked quietly behind Alexios as they continued to make their way through the darkness of the forest. Her mind lost in thought as she struggled to keep pace. One of his strides equaled two of hers. Several times she had tripped over a dead branch trying to keep up with him. She would have hit the ground face first if Alexios hadn’t caught and steadied her. How he did that without looking she would never know.
“Thank you,” she whispered to him. She expected him to turn and say something to her, check and make sure she wasn’t hurt. Disappointment filled her when all she received was a stiff nod and a quickened pace. Her heart sunk to the bottom of her chest. Her fingers twitched with the need to reach out to him. The events of his past were eating at him. It made him tense and caused him to shut her out. He hadn’t spoken a word to her since they had left Bozark standing in the middle of the forest.
“Alexios,” she called out to him. When he didn’t respond her heart sunk further into her chest. She wanted to weep for him, but couldn’t allow herself to do so. If she started crying, she would never stop. She would cry for her kingdom, her sisters, her father and herself, but she would cry the hardest for him. She could cry until she couldn’t anymore. For her warrior, her love, and the fact that she could do nothing to save him from the guilt that consumed him.
“Alexios… please talk to me.” The silence was slowly killing her.
“I have nothing to say Princess.” His tone was clipped and harsh. She felt it like a whip to her back. His dismissal stung and left another scar on her already bruised heart. But she would not be deterred, not when she knew he needed her.
“Alexios… please,” she begged him now. Had the situation not been so dire she would have laughed. She could just imagine her father’s face if he ever heard of her begging. She could hear him now, his tone cold and demeaning “You begged a commoner to speak to you? You degraded yourself for him? You are as worthless to me as your sister.” His disapproval would be heard throughout the kingdom. Add that to the little stunt she pulled running away and her father was sure to disown her.
That doesn’t matter. She told herself. Her father, the king, did not matter. His opinion was neither here nor there. All that mattered was her warrior and she would be damned if he didn’t speak to her.
Why should she allow him peace to wallow in his pain when he never gave her the same luxury? Always telling her things would get better. No, he didn’t get off that easy.
“Alexios.” Still, he refused to respond and kept his pace, all the while ducking low branches and crushing leaves under his boot heel. Annoyed with his coldness she called out to him again, her tone stronger, more commanding.
“If you would, Princess, be quiet… I do not want to attract unwanted attention.”
Was that his nice way of telling her to shut up? Okay, now she was pissed. Her own anger spiked. She stopped following him and stood her ground. He walked a few more paces in front of her then paused, “we have no time for games. We must keep moving if we are to find a suitable spot for camp tonight.” With that, he started walking again, expecting her to follow. She didn’t. Instead, she placed her hands on her hips, defiant in her actions.
“Princess,” he growled the word, his agitation and annoyance evident. Not that Tara cared. So long as he stopped moving, which he did, she was fine. “I have already told you I do not want to discuss this. Do not push this issue… now come with me.”
She made no move, but continued to stare at his broad back, that even covered in dried blood enticed her.
There was a low growl that echoed in the air between them. Tara smiled. She had won the battle. With just another push she would win the war. “I will do whatever I want. I am one of the Faye princesses and you, warrior, will do as I say.” Granted, she hated to speak to him with such superiority, but she had no choice. It was her only way to reach him.
“And I am your guardian and protector. In charge of your safety, therefore you will follow me.” The command in his tone was almost too much for her to ignore. Her body longed to follow behind him; to let him lead her wherever he wanted. She knew she couldn’t do that. If she did, she would never have any power in their relationship; even if he was just her protector.
This sucks. “Yeah, and you have done such a fine job of protecting me,” she made sure to lace her voice with as much sarcasm as she could muster. “You’re such a strong protector that I slipped out of your sight when you should have been on guard,” she paused before she said her next statement. One she knew would cut him deep. She gauged his body’s reaction to her words. His hands gripped the tree so tight that he was literary embedding his hand into its base. His spine was straight and his body stiff with excess tension. Unrepressed anger poured out of him in waves. Yet she pushed. She feared nothing with her warrior around, not even him.
“It is your fault that those creatures took me and sold me to the auction...” She paused as the memories began to flow, tears threatened to well up in her eyes but she could not let them fall. She steeled herself and her emotions, “Where was my protector when I called out for you.”
One moment she was looking at his back the next she found herself once again pushed back against a tree, staring into intense black eyes. He had her pinned, both his arms on the side of her; his body in front of her. He snarled at her like some vicious beast, but made no move to touch her. So she touched him. Her hands reached up to cup the sides of his face. His entire body shook while his breath came out in a rush. The contact made goose bumps break out across her body. Her heart hammered in her chest as she reminded of how gorgeous her warrior was. Even with his face covered in blood, he was the most terrifying, yet beautiful thing she had ever seen.
“Alexios… please,” her voice was soft as she tried to reach him again. When he went to pull away, her grip held him in place. They stared at each other for what seemed like an eternity. Then his raw voice broke the thick silence around them.
“It’s my fault… it’s my fault they came after her.”
Her heart ached for him. His pain was hers and she couldn’t stand it. She had to comfort him. “It was not your fault… you were just a youngling. You could not have stopped them.”
She spoke, but he refused to hear her. “It’s my fault. All of it is my fault…” his body trembled uncontrollably now. Soon tears began forming in his eyes. “I drew those monsters to her… they came for me.”
Still, as he looked into her eyes, she knew he did not see her. He saw his past; the past that had been locked in his mind by Bozark, the Faye god, his father, in order to protect him.
“Share your pain with me… please, let me help you.” With that she planted a light kiss on his lips. Power shot through her from the contact. One moment she was in the Dark Forest, the next she was surrounded by fire.
She wanted to scream, but it wouldn’t come out. The fire was all around her, burning her, consuming her. She had to get away. She had to leave… to run.
“Do not be afraid.” At the sound of his familiar voice she instantly calmed. He appeared next to her, covered in the same bloodied clothing she had seen him in before. His dark hair highlighted by the flames around them was still caked with blood. “These memories hurt only me, Princess. You have nothing to fear here.”
She looked at him, listening to the sound of his voice. Once again, she found herself wanting to weep. The sad loneliness that echoed in his tone cut her deep.
“Where are we?” She asked him softly while moving closer to him. He tensed, but did not move. She was tempted to reach out and grab his hand, but she didn’t want to press her luck.
“My home,” with that the flames vanished, leaving them standing in the living room of a small cabin.
“Your home,” she whispered as she took in her new surroundings. It was a small space, quiet and cozy. Chair and tables were scattered about in various ways. The wooden walls were covered with such exquisite paintings that she wondered who the artist was.
“My mother painted these. She was quite gifted in the majickal arts.”
“Beautiful… do you remember your mother?” she asked him. When he didn’t respond, she turned to him. His expression was pained and haunted.
“Alexios?”
“I remember everything,” just like that a female and her youngling appeared in the room. They sat in a beautifully decorated chair. The color of the midnight sky, with trim as golden as Tara’s hair, it was a thing of beauty. The only thing more beautiful than the chair was the mother that played with her offspring in her lap.
“My mother once told me that chair was a gift from my father.”
Tara nodded while she continued to stare at the pair and actually found herself speechless at the beauty of Alexios’s mother. She had a head full of black hair; it looked soft as he pulled it with his hands. She laughed at his playfulness, bouncing him on her lap. Her laugh was like music to Tara’s ears, soothing and graceful. Her face was delicate, soft features that made her look innocent and harmless. Her eyes on the other hand, the same glacial blue as Alexios’s, told of years of pain and struggle. The bouncing youngling on her lap, the young Alexios, was absolutely adorable. He had a head full of black hair, just like his mother, and her eyes. Tara found herself smiling as she looked at him.
Who would have thought that he would have grown into such a powerhouse of a male?
“Your mother… what was she? I don’t sense any Faye blood in her.”
“She is what you would call a Lerned.”
“Lerned? What is that?” her curious question earned her an amused look that warmed her heart.
“A Lerned is… well was, they disappeared long before I was born. My mother had been the only one left of her kind.”
“Why would they disappear?” That question earned her a deep scowl.
“They we hunted to the brink of extinction.”
“But, why?”
“Why else princess… fear.”
“Fear? Fear of what?” She asked, turning her attention to him. She stared up at him as he looked at her from out the corner of his eye.
“Those of the Lerned have a power to see into the future, to manipulate future events and change them at will. And most beings considered this black majick. Death was all the simple minded creatures of this world could think of.”
“Monstrous,” she whispered as she turned her head back to the pair. Then she looked back at the paintings on the walls; studying the artwork. All of them were of dragons. She had painted the moment where the late dragon king had entered the Faye city and almost burned it to the ground.
 “Impossible.”
“It is both, Princess. The things some of the Lerned’s did with their power were unspeakable. Others, like my mother never used their majick for evil. They wanted to live simple lives… but that would never happen.”
The scene changed again as a new memory was created. Tara watched as the female frantically snatched the paintings down and tossed them into a fire she had waiting outside. Quickly, she ran into a back room. There was some shuffling, then the female emerged with Alexios in her arms. He was sound asleep as his mother rushed to the door. As she reached for the handle, the door flung open, hitting her. Falling to the floor, she cried out in pain while the youngling’s screams echoed throughout the cabin.
The horror that came next happened in a blur. There were male’s covered in cloaks using majick to set fire to the house.
“Bring me the youngling,” a voice had said from the shadows of the door.
“Nooo,” the female had screamed while she scrambled over to a small Alexios. She covered her him with her body in an effort to protect him. Tara watched on, horrified by the brutality of the scene in front of her. Hot tears finally ran down her face.
They kicked the female. Every time they did, she would scream out until they beat her so badly that all she could do was whimper. But still she protected her son.
“Enough,” the voice said. Instantly the males stopped though Tara could see that it made no difference. The female’s body had been beaten and broken to the point that Tara was surprised she could still breathe.
“What do we do? Do you want me to finish her?” one of the cloaked male’s said coldly.
Tara glanced over to Alexios and her heart broke in half. His rage at the ones responsible for this latched on to her, draining the air from her lungs. He had tears in his eyes. It was those tears that made her grip his hand and hold it tight as they both watched what happened next.
The cloaked male stepped from the shadows, allowing the light of the flames to play against his face. A gasp left Tara as she looked at the one male that had caused enough destruction in all their lives.
“I don’t care what you do with her, just bring me the youngling.” Salvenious de’ Ku’Vane ordered his followers. His tone was as dead as the expression on his face. He cared nothing for the female in front of him. Her death meant nothing.
“Do not be so hasty master,” another voice came from the shadows. This time when the male behind him appeared, both Alexios and Tara was left shocked.  “The female is a Lerned…”
“Really,” Ku’Vane said still sounding uninterested.
“We could use her for our benefit,” the Warlock suggested as he stood next to his leader. They both stared down at the battered female with expressionless faces. 
“I will kill him,” Tara heard Alexios in the background, but she couldn’t pull herself away from the face of the Warlock. She had known the male was up to something, that he dealt with the dark arts yet she would never have expected this. She wondered if her father knew just how evil this male really was.
“Like I said, do what you want with the female. I have no use for her. All I want is the thing she is protecting underneath her. He is what I came for.” With that Ku’Vane turned and walked out of the cabin, his cloak flowing gracefully behind him.
“Bring the female to me. The youngling too,” the Warlock ordered.
One cloaked male reached for the female. He gripped her by her once beautiful hair and yanked her to her feet. The male tried to force her to stand, but her legs were either too weak or broken to stand, Tara really couldn’t tell. When the male saw that she couldn’t stand he dragged her by the hair, off her screaming baby, then tossed her at the feet of the Warlock.
She landed with a dead thud that made Tara flinch. She spared another glance at Alexios who had gone completely still. The look on his face frightened her more than the scene in front of her. She wanted to say something to him, but decided against it. She turned her attention back to the Warlock, who was now bending down to next to the female.
“What is he doing?” Tara said to no one in particular. Alexios answered her anyway.
“Listen closely and learn how the war started,” with that he fell silent for the rest of the memory.
Tara did as he said. She listened closely to the broken voice of Alexios’s mother. What she heard would change her life forever.
“You and your leader will fall by the hand of one from the Ancient Bloodline. The offspring of the gods will come. Those who you seek to enslave will be the ones who rise… blood and death comes for Ku’Vane and will come for you when the Red Sun shines high in the sky… by my will this will be done.” With that the female let out her last breath.
The Warlock who had been listening closely suddenly stood up. His face a mask of anger, he kicked the corpse of the female. Her limp body was sent sliding into the flames that continued to burn the cabin. The roof began to cave in. Had it not been for the Warlock’s use of majick to shield him and his followers, they too would have been buried under the rubble.
“Kill the youngling,” the Warlock ordered. His eyes blazing with power, but none of the cloaked figures moved.
“They killed her,” Alexios’s voice came from behind her now. Tara looked back to see why he had moved from beside her. Instead, she found that she was the one who had moved. She had taken steps towards the female in an effort to save her.
“Ku’Vane said he wanted the thing alive,” one cloaked male said.
“He won’t care once I tell him what that whore said… now kill the thing.”
The cloaked males nodded. The Warlock satisfied that his will would be done, turned and left that same way his leader did.
The males left alone now circled the young Alexios. A hand reached out, grabbed him by the hair lifting him into the air. His small body trembled from his fear.
“Open your eyes,” the male said with a slap to the youngling’s face. The sound echoed in Tara’s head. Her anger grew as she approached the male that held the love of her life in the air. The need to kill him consumed her. Her majick surged through her as dark thoughts circled in her mind. She was going to kill every last one of them.
“Stop,” it was a stern command spoken from behind her. She turned to see that Alexios now stared at her with an intensity she had never seen.
“I will kill them all,” she sounded like him.
“It is only a memory,” he said flatly.
“But…”
“It is only a memory,” again he said the words emotionlessly as she stared at him. He stared back at her waiting for her to calm. She took deep breaths, before she turned back to the cloaked males.
“Can we eat him?” Another cloaked male asked, excitement echoing in his tone.
“I get the head,” the male holding young Alexios in the air said.
“No,” Tara whispered as she saw the jagged pointy teeth of the males. She dropped to her knees. She couldn’t watch, even if it was an old memory she couldn’t watch. Tears streamed harder down her cheeks. She buried her head in her hands to keep from witnessing the horror that was about to happen.
“He came for me,” once again, Alexios’s voice was behind her. She felt his presence. It gave her the courage to pick her head up and watch as a blast shot from outside the cabin caused not only the cabin to be blasted into pieces but the males to go sailing into the air.
The young Alexios was also sent into the air. When he couldn’t go any higher he came falling back down with his screams following him. When Tara thought he would crash to the ground she made a leap to save him only to find that another figure had caught him.
Just like that his memories were closed off to her and she was back in the forest with his face between her palms. His vulnerable expression caused something in her to awaken. She wanted to protect him. He needed her to protect him, to help him. It was time that she told him just how real her feelings for him were.
“Alexios… I…” the words were on the tip of her tongue. This was the moment she had been waiting for. She had his undivided attention. His eyes once again their normal color and started at her with both sadness and loneliness. He needed to hear what she had to say, needed to know that it was not his fault. “I…” just as she was about to say that words that was sure to mean her disownment a red light illumined the forest in its glow. Both she and Alexios looked in the direction of the majickal flare. 
“We must go,” Alexios said. As quick as the vulnerability came it was gone. He pulled away from her. Straightening himself, he turned and headed in the direction of the flare. Once again disappointment settled in the pit of her stomach. She had no choice but to follow him or risk being lost in the Dark Forest forever.
Chapter 16

“Neat trick,” his voice came from behind her. She fought the urge to hit him for startling her. Well, that, and she hadn’t quite forgiven him for what happened earlier by the lake. He still deserved a good blow to the face.
Instead of giving in to the urge Misty ignored the warrior and continued picking up the meat for their meal tonight. The majickal flare that she had shot into the air a moment ago served two purposes. For one it would let Alexios know that she had found a safe spot for them to rest for the night. Second, it was a majickal blast whose light not only attracted various birds within the forest, but also stunned them the moment they flew into it.
“My trick warrior,” she said as she bent to snap the neck of the plump bird, “will keep us fed tonight.” She tied the dead bird by the feet to the branch that she tied the others to. With that done, she continued to pick up the other birds. All the while she could feel his stare on her from behind.
Under the intensity of his stare she started to lose focus. Heat began to spread through her body, making her skin flush. The deep yearning need that had gripped her the last time he was around began to stir again. The control she had fought so hard to gain was slowly slipping away from her. The longer she remained in his presence. Her hands shook with desire as she pictured his mouth against hers while he pinned her to the tree. His strong hands roaming all over her body…
Focus. She told herself, but it was useless. The only thing she could focus on was the weight of his gaze on her. 
“Are you alright?” he asked her.
“Fine,” her voice was barely above a whisper. Never had she felt a desire like this. It was all consuming. She went to stand after she snapped the bird’s neck and she swayed. She just knew she was going to hit the ground; she was too out of it to catch her balance and save her face.
“Damn it,” she heard him curse a moment before the fire in her consumed her. She went to collapse, but quickly felt strong arms encage her.
“Get away from me,” she tried to force her way out of his hold. Try as she might her body refused to move.
“Make me,” his amusement irked her as he scooped her up in his arms. Mind fuzzy, there was nothing she could do, but allow him to carry her.
He carried her to the nearest tree, “rest here.” With more carefulness than she expected him to show her he sat her down at the foot of the tree.
For a moment, the tender way he took care of her left her speechless. He handled her like she was something precious, delicate even.
Delicate? Her? It was laughable. She was a hard as a rock. Not some fragile creature that needed to be saved. She could stand on her own. She didn’t need anyone. So why couldn’t she bring herself to break away from the gorgeous warrior looming over her. His expression tender as his gray eyes took her in.
Suddenly, she felt overly exposed; becoming acutely aware of her lack of clothing. She quickly realized the only thing covering her most intimate places was a piece of cloth that could be blown away with the slightest gust of wind. Her cheeks flamed as she felt the urge to cover her breast with her hands.
Gods, what was wrong with her? Since when had the presence of a male affected her so badly? She was not some youngling.
Yeah, and the male in front of you is no youngling either. Yeah, she knew that too.
“Will you be alright by yourself?” He asked her. Incapable of words at the moment she gave him a stiff nod. That earned her a smirk that briefly showed the tip of one of his fangs. She yearned to run her tongue across it.
“Such a strong beauty,” with that he rose and went to collect the last of the birds, but not before he placed a quick kiss to her lips. The action was so unexpected that Misty could only stare at him in disbelief.

Balis’s body was on fire. The need to mate with the female was too much for him. He was surprised he hadn’t pushed the kiss further than a simple peck on the lips. But gods how he wanted to, even from that brief contact with her, her taste was already branded into his memory. Wild and powerful, there was no way he would ever be able to get her out of his head.
“Damn it... and damn you, Alexios...” Yes, damn his commander for leaving him behind with this... this siren. A beautiful siren, with lush curves, fierce eyes, and fiery spirit that made his cock twitch.
Go back... no. He couldn’t go back, no matter how bad his body wanted him to. If he went back he would never leave again. He would be on top of her... forcing himself on her.
Like the many males before him. The thought quickly turned his desire into rage. The sudden need to kill any and every male that touched her burned in the pit of his belly. His hands trembled as he picked up the limp bird; twisting its neck with so much force that the snapping sound echoed in his ears. He didn’t bother to tie the dead creature with the others. Instead, he held it in his hand to keep from lashing out at the forest around him. The last thing he needed was to lose what little hold he had on his self control.
“Come on, Balis… focus.” He was no use to anyone like this. With his emotions and powers out of control he was a danger to everyone around him. Tying the bird to the branch, he went back to gathering the night’s meal.
CRACK. Another neck snapped and he felt his anger begin to die down. CRACK, CRACK, CRACK... he lost count of how many necks he snapped. All he knew was that with each break, he heard, he regained a little more control over himself.
“You think you killed enough of them.” If it hadn’t been for that all too familiar sarcastic tone cutting through his mental zone out he would have killed the rest of the birds, the few that were left that is. “They were already on the verge of extinction. They had migrated here for safety... guess they couldn’t have known a Bonaquë killing machine was on the loose.” He could feel the heat of her gaze on his back again, “poor little Bonaquës.”
Her taunt succeeded in bringing his temper to a complete heel as he turned back to face her. For a moment all blood flow to his brain ceased and traveled to the throbbing erection between his legs. Mouth going dry he was in such a state of shock that he dropped the Bonaquë to the ground and openly gaped at her.
Glorious, beautiful... absolutely beautiful.
“What are you staring at?” She asked as she stood before him. Her hip cocked to the side with her hands on her hips... totally naked. 
Gloriously naked. He told himself. Drool started to make its way out the corner of his mouth. If this had been a normal situation with a normal female he would not have been impressed. He’d seen his fair share of female bodies, some in better shape than others. But never, and he meant never, had a female’s body been so beautiful as to leave him speechless. Until now, that is.

Misty stood staring at the dumb struck warrior in front of her trying to figure out what his problem was. She eyed him up and down, only for the briefest second, pausing to notice the massive erection that pointed straight at her through the fabric of his pants.  Though it was nothing new for her to see a male’s desire aimed at her, it did, however, annoy the hell out of her. Usually that is. However, this time she found herself wanting to close the distance between them and...
Was that drool? Was he drooling? Yes, he indeed was and the sight made her chuckle under her breath. He didn’t look too intimidating with his saliva dripping from his mouth.  She couldn’t pass on the chance to make fun of him. For the life of her, she couldn’t understand why she enjoyed teasing him so much.
“You know,” she said, stepping closer to him. She cocked a brow when she saw his erection jerk then looked back at him. “Close your mouth warrior. You’re acting like a youngling who has never seen a female before… the waterfall coming out your mouth is a nice touch.” 
She watched with amused eyes as he shook his head clear. When he focused his gaze back to her, she wished he would go back to having that dumb look slapped across his face. That look she could deal with. This new one, the way he was looking at her now as if he could eat her alive, set her on fire. The raging desire that she had managed to push back fought for control over her body.
“You are indeed a beautiful creature,” his voice was rough and raw. Yet, it still caressed her ears and made her want to crawl into his lap. This time it was his turn to close the gap between them. Being that she was almost his height her gaze was eye to eye with him. His presence loomed over her, making it impossible for her to move away from him. Dipping his head, he whispered in her ear. “But it is the inking above your right nipple that has my mouth watering with the need to trace it with my tongue.”
Just like that the desire that she fought for control of her body won. It took hold of her and refused to let go. Her nostrils flared. She deeply inhaled his scent, unaware of the fact that she had pressed her body against his. She felt his growl rumble in his chest before she heard it in her ear.
“You shouldn’t do that,” the words were barely above a whisper, but they were laced with the same passion that was now coursing through her body. She ignored him and his warning. She no longer had control of her body. Her desire controlled her; there was nothing she could do about it. To fight it now would cause her blackout again and she wouldn’t awake for days. She couldn’t let that happen now. She wouldn’t let herself become a burden to Alexios. Besides, what’s the worst that could happen?
She lifted her head from the crook of his neck so that she was staring into his eyes. The hunger that burned in them made her heart race in her chest. “I cannot be responsible for what happens…” She lost focus of what he was saying the moment his lips started moving. All she focused on was how tempting they looked. She wanted, no needed, to have a taste of him.
Just one taste... One taste and she would never do anything like this again.
She licked her dry lips, preparing them for his. With a slight shift of her body, her head tilted up. Her lips made contact with his, cutting off his words. He growled in the back of his throat. His arms wrapped instantly around her. Her body melted into him as they shared their first and only delectable kiss. She felt his hands as they traveled down her spine and across her bare ass.
Her body stiffened, instantly stopping the kiss.
“What’s wrong?” he looked at her with confusion as she stepped out of his embrace.
Silently she eyed him up and down. He was still dressed in his bloodied clothing; nothing about his appearance had changed. Looking down at herself, she almost screamed. Wide eyed, she looked back at him. The mocking smirk that had appeared on his face made her blood boil.
“What did you do?” her accusatory tone earned her a raised brow.
“I didn’t do anything. You were the one that threw yourself at me,” he said to her with his arms folded against his chest. The intensity of his gaze unnerved her. She had to force herself to stay still and not cover herself with her hands. She refused to give him any more pull over her.
“Where is my covering?” she practically growled at him.
“They are, wherever you left them at, most likely by the tree you were resting against.” He gave a pointed stare behind her. Slowly she turned her head and saw that her covering had indeed been discarded by the tree.
What the… when the… She couldn’t comprehend how that had happened. She didn’t remember taking them off, matter of fact, she barely remembered what she had been doing before she regained her senses by the tree. 
“I think you might want to put those on, Alexios should be coming soon thanks to your little flare.” His amusement continued to piss her off.
Turning her attention back towards him, she narrowed her eyes. The temptation to blast him with a stream of majickal energy was almost too much to ignore. But, she wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of letting him know how much he got under her skin. She wouldn’t even give him the satisfaction of commenting on his words. Turning away from him, she made her way back towards her discarded coverings.
His chuckle on the wind made her pause as she bent down, as his long whistle made her cheeks flush and her temper rise. He would pay for this mockery. With a flick of her wrist, she used her majick to break the branch that hung over his head. She smiled at the curse the echoed through the air that let her know her target had been hit.
Chapter 17

As the winds blew outside the small healer’s tent, King Ontligus stared down at his oldest daughter in a mix of contempt and worry. Candles lit the space around him. In the air the scents of healing herbs and spices combined. The same herbs and spices that surrounded his daughter Darleen, who lay in the center of the tent on top a stone slab. As a father, he worried for her safety. But as King, a ruler, he could not overlook the shame she had brought on to the throne.
While he stared down at her, looking so much like his late Queen it hurt. He couldn’t help but partially blame her for the turmoil the kingdom was in. Tending to her kept him from his other duties. He had yet to finish checking the majickal barriers that surrounded the palace. Add to that the entire kingdom knew about his daughter’s actions, rumors were spreading. It was only a matter of time before things escalated and spun out of control.
I can’t catch a break… of all the things to do. He shook his head. Who will want a tarnished princess? Granted, he had four other daughters to worry about. The one lying before him was the most important. She was the first, the eldest of his daughters. It fell on her shoulders to take the throne and lead the Faye into a new era. The rest of his offspring carried less of a burden.
If she had done anything else, like run off or marred her beauty it would have been better; easily fixed by having a tracker find her or a healer to mend her scars. This, however, was something different. Although, he supposed that was her reasoning for doing what she did. There was only one way to avoid a Royal Union. The female to be mated had to be proven impure before her mate and the King’s council. It was an ancient law that he didn’t particularly care for, but it kept unworthy males away from his daughters. At least it was supposed to.
The image of her as she strode into the throne room with her dress torn, face flushed with passion, flashed into his mind. There had been defiance in her eyes as she stood before him and his advisors. The scent of sex drifting from her body as she boldly told him that she would never mate with the Warlock or any other male she did not choose. Had she told him that in privacy he would have accepted her decision happily.
However, with her decree made in front of others there had to be reprimands for her actions. When he handed down his judgment she showed no remorse or care for what she had done. Instead of crying and begging him not to abandon her, she had smiled at him; triumph sparkling in her colored eyes.
Well done… well done. Even though he was still upset with her, he had to smile. His oldest daughter proved to be just as headstrong and capable as her mother. Reaching out, he tenderly pushed her hair back from her face. Resting his palm against her forehead, he checked to see if her fever had broken. He took note that while her fever had broken her skin remained pasty and pale. Sweat beads formed at her brows. His own brows drew together as his concern grew.
Despite the belief that he despised his eldest daughter, he loved her just as much as he did his other rebellious offspring. His anger towards her stemmed from something much greater than her public disgrace. She was closer to him than any other being. Her actions betrayed him. She had lied and deceived him. He remembered a time when she would have never thought to betray him in such a way. As a youngling, she would look at him, her beautiful eyes bright, as if he was the greatest male in the world. Back then her joy filled face was the only thing that could ease him of his worries.
“Your highness,” the soft voice of a young female healer came from behind him.
“How is she?” he asked, not bothering to look at the female.
“She is stabilized for now. The majick that had accumulated within her body seems to have leveled out.”
“That’s good,” he said in a far off tone.
What exactly had happened in that hallway? Events from a moment ago faced through his mind. There was the young male, screaming and withering on the floor. The male’s screams had echoed down the halls and into the throne room where he had been using his majick to check the protective barriers around the palace. The power of the barriers weakened with each passing day. He felt the darkness as it continued to close in around him. Looking down, taking in his daughter’s current condition, there was no doubt in his mind that some of the ancient power’s black majick had slipped through the barrier before he had been able to mend it. There was no way to stop the barrier from weakening. He could, however, use his powers to sustain it for as long as possible.
“It’s a hard thing isn’t it,” lost in his own thoughts, he hadn’t heard her come in. He lifted his gaze to find Griselda, the leader of the healers and one of his closest allies, standing across from him, “to see a loved one in such pain.”
Her welcoming smile quickened his heart rate.
“Griselda, it has been a while since we last spoke,” the King replied with a wry smile.
“Indeed, it has your highness,” with that she gave him a brief bow, before she turned her attention to the princess.
As he watched her tend to her duties, he remembered the first time he had met her. Griselda had been nothing more than a nomad when she first came to his land looking for shelter. She and a small group of her followers, young healers with exceptional majickal abilities, had been cast out of their homeland along the borders of the Western Mountains. The reasoning behind their exile was still unclear.  Not that it mattered. Time and time again, Griselda had proven herself to be a trusted ally. After the death of his Queen it was Griselda’s encouragement and guidance that saw him through his darkest hour. She had been his back bone when he needed it. For that he would be eternally grateful.
As he watched Griselda tend to his daughter, he couldn’t help but notice, for the thousandth time since he met her, how youthful she appeared. With her silver white hair falling down her back, curling around her face in thick curls and the youthful glow of a young maiden she was a beauty. Ontligus was drawn to her.
How long had it been since he last had a female? Truth be told, the last female he had taken to his bed had been his Queen before her sickness. After she had passed, other females failed to grasp his attention. All except for the healer, he watched now. From the moment he saw her, he had wanted her. With his Queen gone and his mourning period over, he was free to choose another mate.
Conflicting emotions swelled within Ontligus. He felt as if he was betraying his love. Yet, as he continued to study Griselda’s profile while she worked her majick, he couldn’t help the desire that stirred within him. As her crystal blue eyes focused intently on the task in front of her, he wondered what they looked like when filled with desire.
All the years she had been in his presence, he had never known of her with any male. Delicate facial features with full red lips; she was the embodiment of enticement. When she reached a slim, delicate hand out to the princess’s forehead, he noticed her pale skin was a stark contrast to the princess’s golden complexion. His gaze traveled down the top half of her body. The rest, thank the gods, was blocked from his vision by the stone slab. Her robe, though it covered her body, was made of the softest and thinnest material found in Dissida. Elfin Silk was one of the rarest materials in the world. It not only allowed for easy movement, but it was almost completely see through. For females it showed just enough flesh to have males of every species salivating on themselves for a taste of what was underneath.  Through the material appeared flimsy and weak, it was also considered one of the toughest materials around; nearly indestructible, it was used as a protective layer under the armor of many Elf warriors.
On Griselda the material appeared enchanting, the white color against her pale skin made her appear more like a fantasy than an actual physical being. The King found himself staring at her full breast. They could easily fit in the palms of his hands. At the thought his body began to stir with a desire thought long dead. It began to make its way through his body so unexpectedly that when she caught him looking at her, he actually blushed and looked away.

Griselda pretended as if she hadn’t noticed the redness of the King’s face as she addressed him. “She will be fine,” she said as she removed her hand from the young female’s head, withdrawing her healing powers as well. She turned her attention fully to the King. His blue gaze devoured her, and she was positive he had no idea that he was openly gaping at her. Not that it mattered, she had always dreamed of him looking at her like that, but he had his Queen and she had loved them both. But now that the Queen was gone, there was nothing and no one standing in the way of the two of them being together, physically anyway. Mentally, however, he was still attached, bound to his Queen, heart and soul. There was no room for anyone else, not even his daughters. Griselda felt what little hope she had left start to die. She couldn’t, nor did she want to replace the female that had brought so much joy to the Faye community.
She shouldn’t, couldn’t desire a male that she could never fully have. But with him looking at her as if he could take her right then and there it was hard to not notice the massive width of his chest, the way his royal robes outlined his muscular build. She found her gaze lingering just above his waistline, where his lower half was blocked from her sight.
“Griselda,” his voice, a deep seductive sound that caressed her ear brought her gaze back to his handsome face. Their gazes locked. There, for a passing moment, she saw them together, side by side, laughing as they sat on their thrones.
“Fear...” it was a soft whisper that served to bring both of them back to reality. Quickly, Griselda turned her attention to the waking princess.
“Shh, hush princess,” she said gently as she placed her hand back over her forehead. As she spoke soft words to the princess the healing power of her majick flowed between them.
“Darleen,” the King’s voice sounded from beside her.

Darleen could hear voices around her as she fought out the darkness that had taken hold of her. One was a soft voice, motherly in tone as its user encouraged her to awaken. The other, the deep baritone of a voice, spoke to her with a detachment that could only have been her father’s. It was the softer voice that she latched on to as she lifted her heavy eyelids. As she awakened, she made out two shadowy figures beside her. Slowly, as she regained her consciousness, she realized that she had been right in thinking that her father was in the room with her. His presence loomed over her.
“How are you feeling my sweet?” The soft voice from her other side drew her attention. Carefully, since she wasn’t fully functional, she turned her attention to Griselda.
“Griselda?” Of course it was. She should have known that she would be the one taking care of her. Even now, she continued to feel her powerful healing majick coursing through her, revitalizing her body.
“Yes, dear, how are you feeling? Does anything hurt? Your head?” She fired questions so fast that Darleen barely had time to process them all.
“Things are still a little unclear, but other than that I am fine...” She pushed herself up by the elbows. She looked between her father and Griselda. “What happened?” She tried to remember, but when she did pain rocked her skull.
“What do you mean what happened?”  This time it was the king who questioned her. Turning her gaze toward him, she wasn’t surprised by his coldness. Though his resentment towards her still hurt, she ignored him and spoke to Griselda.
“How did I end up here? The last thing I remember was standing in the hall talking to a small male...” she paused as she tried to force herself to remember what happened after that. Everything came up blank. The harder she thought the worse the pain in her head became. She rubbed her temples.
“We were hoping to ask you the same thing.”
“I...I don’t remember anything...”
“Are you sure?” She felt Griselda place a tender hand against her back. A wave of relief flowed through Darleen.  The pounding in her skull dulled to a low throb. She sighed at the instant relief.
“Yes… all I can remember is the darkness… and,” she paused, hesitating to mention Fearean’s name in the presence of her father. She was sure he would think something suspicious if she remembered nothing but the warrior.
“Remember something. I don’t have time to waste here,” her father spoke to her now. His impatience and animosity towards her was not helping the situation. All his anger did was cause her to withdraw back into herself.  She refused to say anything that would jeopardize her warrior.
She could feel the weight of the king’s stare. It weighed her down and demanded that she obey him. She turned a pleading stare to Griselda, sure that the older female would know what was wrong and she was right. Griselda gave her a soft smile before she addressed the brooding king.
“Your Majesty, I can handle things here. As you can see the princess is still shaken up by her ordeal. Give her a few moments rest, then you can question her better. Her memory won’t be as fuzzy. Trying to force her to remember what happened when she is just waking up is not helping any. If anything you are hindering her progress and any answers you hope to receive.”
There was a moment of silence as Darleen awaited her father’s answer. Though sitting up and looking at him took more energy out of her than she had. Her head began pound. Her body was exhausted and weak, even with Griselda’s healing majick flowing through her. She felt lethargic as the darkness once again called to her. She swayed. Without hesitation, Griselda was by her side, easing her down onto the stone table.
“You rest now,” Griselda said as the princess’s eyes drifted close. The healer turned her attention back to the King, who stood still watching his offspring with emotionless eyes. “Do you believe me now your highness? She is in no condition to sit up let alone answer your questions.” Griselda stated with a hint of fury in her voice. 
“Yes,” was the King’s reluctant response. “I will let her rest, but I will be back come morning, to question her,” with that the king gave a brief bow. Then he turned and left the tent. Griselda stared at the tent entrance mortified by the king’s treatment of the eldest princess. She wondered, with a heavy heart, how a male who used to be so loving could act so cold hearted to his own offspring. His animosity towards his daughter was disgusting and if something wasn’t done soon the royal family would be destroyed by the hands of their enemies.
Chapter 18

Tara sat silently in front of a small fire next to Misty with her knees drawn tightly to her chest. Though the fire kept her warm the cold and distant way that Alexios had been treating her since they had rejoined the group chilled her to the bone. As she watched him sit on the far side of the camp, putting enough distance between them to actually offend her, sharpening his swords, she began to wonder if she would ever break down the wall he had placed between them.
“You know,” Misty’s voice from beside her drew her attention, “he is never going to let you in.” She paused just as Tara’s heart fell out her chest. Even Misty seemed to know the reality of her situation better than her.
She gazed back at Alexios, who felt her gaze lingering on him. He met her with a stare of his own. Trapped by his intense stare her heart stopped beating. His face held a grimace while his eyes betrayed him and sparked with hidden joy. In that moment she knew why she could never let him go. His heart and soul called out to her... just for her, so badly she wanted to answer that call, but she was running out of ideas. It was only a matter of time before they reached the palace. Once they entered the palace grounds, her warrior would be forever out of reach.
As he held her in his glacial gaze, her thoughts drifted to the first day he had arrived at the palace. She had been captivated by him. Instantly, she was transported back to that day.
Sitting in the king's chair, Tara pretended she was the ruler of the kingdom. Like she did most times when her father had been called, summoned by the royal council, she would sneak away from her tutor and head straight to the throne room, fascinated by its immaculate beauty and glory.  The walls and floors were embedded with rare emeralds from the Western lands; jewels that her mother had gathered herself from far off lands before she became ill. They had illuminated the grand hall with the warmth of the Queen’s presence.
 The memory brought an ache to Tara's chest.
 Each time she walked up the aisle to the King’s throne, she felt her mother's presence surrounding her. Though she loved her mother's decorating it was the King's throne that held her young mind fascinated. There in the center of the hall, elevated by a stair platform sat the King’s iron throne. Its crafter didn’t have beauty in his mind when he crafted the bulking chair. It was destined to give the appearance that the king was seated on the remains of his enemies. Two skulls rested atop the corners of the chair. The crowns on their heads showed their defeat to the Faye king. Though the size and design of the throne dominated the space, it was the being that sat in the chair that commanded the attention of everyone in the kingdom. Her rebelliousness and love of power drove her into the chair.
She had just banished her teacher to the ice lands when the doors of the throne room flew open. In stormed Calvius, the commander of the Faye before Alexios was given command, in one of his usual pissed off moods. For the life of her, she couldn’t understand why the male had a constant scowl on his face. She thought being the leader of one of the greatest armies in the world would make any Faye happy.
Calvius was a brooding and angry male that enjoyed tormenting those beneath him. It was rumored that he took a liking to young males that he found on the streets during his patrols. From the way he acted towards females, the vulgar way he spoke to them, the disgust in his missed matched gaze as he looked at them. Tara was starting to think the rumors were true. She had only seen him speak to one female with respect. That was her mother, the Queen.
Always angry, she wasn’t surprised that half the Faye population despised him. Well, that and the fact that he was hideous to look at. His dark and dull hair was always flat and kept in the same straightened style. That did nothing to enhance his appearance. All the hair cut did was enlarge his already oversized face and beady eyes. His large body was covered from head to toe in armor. She didn’t want to imagine what he looked like without it on. Her poor young psyche would be destroyed before it fully matured. Discolored and rusted in some places, the male refused to toss the outdated armor out and adorn the improved armor of the Faye.
"Where is the king youngling?" His informal addressment of her, speaking to her as if she was a commoner, reminded her just how much she loathed him. Though he made her skin crawl, she refused to let him see how much he affected her. "Did you hear me...?"
Of course she heard him and she would give her answer when she was good and ready. Besides, she knew how impatient the male warrior was and she would enjoy irritating him the same way he irritated her. She adjusted herself in the chair so that her back was straight, her legs crossed, both arms on the armrest with her head straight making it so she looked down on him; to serve as a reminder that she was above him and would always be so.
"Do not play games with me," he gritted out between clenched teeth.
"You should not forget who you speak to." She smiled at him sweetly while making sure to hold the same belittling tone in her voice that she had heard the King use many times when he spoke to those he thought were beneath him. "I am the daughter to the king." She tossed a blonde curl over her shoulder, "and your future queen. So I suggest you start speaking to me in the same tone you speak to my father.”
For a long moment the captain of the Faye remained quiet. Tension coiled through his body, his hands fisted at his sides as he fought for control over his raging temper.
"Queen? You?" He raised a mocking brow, though fury still blazed in his multi colored gaze.
"Yes me," she said.
 There was another long pause.
 "You..." he growled this time as he walked up the four little steps of the platform that separated them. He stood in front of her glaring down at her, his board chest and body made it difficult for her to look anywhere else but at him. The menacing look in his eyes made her blood run cold. Overshadowed and overpowered by him, she started to think infuriating a male twice her size wasn’t such a bright idea.
"You," he braced his hands on both sides of the throne, encaging her in his wrath. His miss matched gaze burned into her soul. She shrank back uncomfortably, trying to get as far away from him as the chair would allow, “will never be half the queen that Queen Maryanne was." He raked his gaze over her like she was the worst sort of creature.
“I will too." She said in a weak protest.
"No, you won’t, and I pray that I have crossed over before you reign as queen. The king has spoiled you and your sisters. You have no sense of honor and duty. All of you are selfish and spoiled younglings that do not respect the work that those below you do in order to maintain this kingdom."
"The king maintains this kingdom-"
His bark of laughter cut her words off. "The king sits on his throne and barks orders that he expects everyone to follow without question. He sends his army out to handle petty disagreements that take away from other important missions. He uses the title of his power-" he paused in his rant, seeming to think over his next choice of words. He spoke his next words in a calm but more dangerous tone. “Everything is not under the King’s control... there are others who pass judgment against the king and his family.” With that he backed away from the throne.
“You,” he said over his shoulder.
Tara’s young temper gave way to her nosiness as she tried to peak around the captain to see who he was speaking to.
“Yes,” was the gruff reply that sent shivers down Tara’s young body.
“Who is that?” she asked as she stretched her neck to see around the captain.
“A new recruit,” was his reply as he turned his attention back to Tara, who immediately sat back in her original position, in an effort to pretend she wasn’t interested in learning about the new recruit. “Come here, and met your new assignment.”
Assignment? Tara thought to herself.
She was about to open her mouth to ask what he meant when the “new recruit” stepped around the captain and into Tara’s line of sight. For a moment she thought her dreams had become reality. He was just as gorgeous as she pictured her future mate to be. He was older than her. The soft features of a youngling had given way to the harder features of the adult male emerging. As he stepped up the platform and closer to Tara, she found it hard to breathe without inhaling his scent; a dark and powerful smell that called to her.
He towered over her. As tall as Calvius, he lacked the muscle mass. Though from staring at his bare chest, she could see that once he put on more weight his body would, no doubt, rival that of a god. He wore a pair of ripped elk skinned pants. They were tattered and worn. Dry blood stained them in various places.
“Your highness,” he addressed her. She brought her gaze to his. Under his blue gaze, she felt like the young female she was: vulnerable and defenseless. She felt as if he could see into her soul. “It is a pleasure… I am Alexios,” with that he bowed to her, his thick black hair falling over his face. Her gaze traveled the length of his back and she gasped. Without thinking, she jumped from her seat, her sudden movement almost knocking him over in his bowed stance.
“What is the matter princess?” He asked as he began to turn in her direction.
“By the gods… what happened to your back?” Carefully, with a shaky hand, she reached, out only to have him turn and grab her wrist. His grip was tight enough to show his discomfort, but not tight enough to truly harm her.
“Please, your highness, if you could refrain from touching me, I would greatly appreciate it.” Though he spoke formally there was an undercurrent of rage in his tone.
Shocked and speechless, all Tara could do while she struggled to find her voice was stare into his eyes and notice how vulnerable they looked. “Of course,” pulling her hand back, she rubbed her wrist; though not from pain. She still felt the heat of his touch against her skin. “It was rude of me to do so without your permission… please accept my apology,” she bowed her head.
“Please,” she felt his hand under her chin. Lifting her head, she found him staring tenderly at her. “Do not feel as if you have to apologize… it is I who should apologize for touching you in such a manner. I have no right to touch you, and it will never happen again. I will tell you whatever you want to know just don’t touch me without my permission… do you hear me princess?”
She heard him, but at that moment all she could focus on was his lips. They were full and calling out to her. While she was young, she was not naïve about males. She wondered if his lips were as soft as they looked. It was a little too tempting for her to stand on the tip of her toes and quickly place her lips to his. “Can I kiss you?” She whispered before she could stop herself.
“What?” both he and the captain’s voice sounded in the room. She had forgotten the male was in the room, watching them the whole time.
“Forgive me,” she said hastily as she backed away from him. “Captain,” she turned to face to old male, “my father is in the conference room, he said to tell you to come in when you arrived.” She told him.
She registered his annoyed expression and heard him mutter something about spoiled royals as he stormed his way out the throne room. Tara prayed he didn’t tell the king about her actions. Biting on her bottom lip, she counted the ways in which her father would punish her after Calvius informed him of her actions. She turned back to Alexios who stared at her with piercing eyes.
Gods, what am I to do now? “Where are you from?” She found herself asking while her heart beat rapidly in her chest.
“I have no home…” was his clipped response.
She frowned, confused by his answer. “What do you mean? Everyone has a home… you must have one too.”
“Not all of us are blessed by the gods to live in a palace like you princess,” the harshness of his tone took her back. Suddenly, she felt as if she should be apologizing for being raised in a royal family. She knew there were those in the world who struggled. She was just never one of them.
Tara never felt as if she was in the wrong for being born into the position of princess… until now. As if he could feel her sudden discomfort, he began his apology. She stopped him with a raised hand.
“Please, do not apologize for saying what you mean. You are right and I apologize for my naivety,” she paused. “I take it that your assignment is to guard me?”
“Yes… and also train in the army.”
She smiled then. “Well then you have a home now with the royal family… and with me.”
And that was going to be true until the day she died. She could not and would not marry another, leaving her heart without a home.
“Princess, are you listening to me?”
No, she wasn’t, though she should have been. Regretfully, she broke her hidden moment with Alexios and turned her attention to Misty. Though she wasn’t looking directly at him, the heat of his gaze still lingered.
“You will never reach him as you are now.”
Tara frowned, “What do you mean as I am now?” As she waited for Misty’s response she studied her closely. Misty sat on back on her heels, staring into the flames. Her face, beautifully illuminated by the fire, held a weariness that commanded Tara’s undivided attention.
“You have seen inside his mind, you saw what happened to him.”
How could she possibly know that? 
Shocked, Tara stared blankly at Misty as a slight tremor of terror made its way through her. Who exactly was this female sitting beside her?
“Relax princess. I assure you I mean you no harm... in time you will see.”
“See what?” Tara asked hesitantly, but her question went ignored.
“The wall he has built around his heart is high,” she continued, “the pain he holds runs deep. His failure as a captain, a warrior... a son, weighs heavily on him.”
Tara looked from Misty to Alexios, and back.
“His sorrow has been replaced by rage and,” she paused as uneasiness settled in the pit of Tara’s stomach, “black majick.”
“Black majick... that’s impossible,” she said under her breath. There was no way Alexios possessed black majick... he couldn’t, not with his father being the Faye god. Black majick was a poisonous power. It corrupted one’s soul and consumed its wielder with hateful feelings and thoughts.
“No, it is not. Stop seeing the warrior you think him to be and see the male that he truly is.”
“What do you mean by that? I do see.” At least, she thought she did. After listening to Misty, she wasn’t so sure now.
“No you don’t.” The sudden hardness in Misty’s tone had Tara turning her gaze back to the female beside her. She studied Misty closely as the firelight danced across her face, highlighting her emerald green eyes. Though she spoke to Tara, her gaze was far off. Lost in thoughts of a past that Tara knew she couldn’t begin to understand.
“I bet you have only seen him as your perfect warrior, your protector and defender. He’s at your beck and call. One of your royal puppets that you can dismiss whenever the feeling suits you, you don’t love him any more than the new rubies you have sitting in your chambers collecting dust, and just like those jewels the only time you need him is to display his value.”
Tara, so taken back by her friend’s words, sat dumbfounded. Misty’s harsh words cut her deep, making it sound as if she viewed Alexios as nothing more than a fine piece of jewelry.
“Well, what do you say princess? Is that how you define your warrior’s value?”
Misty watched her from out the corner of her eye, carefully gauging her reaction. At that moment, Tara knew what Misty was doing. Instantly, the anxiety and uncertainty she had felt about her feelings for Alexios were washed away.
“No,” she replied confidently. Even though Misty’s gaze still remained on the flames, Tara knew she still awaited an answer. “He has never been on display for me. His power, strength, and courage are wonderful assets, and enhance the male that he already is. His value to me is priceless. He is my dearest friend and confidant. With or without any majick abilities, he is the bravest and most skilled male I have ever seen,” she paused. Her gaze returned to Alexios as he spoke to Balis. “I would defy the king for his touch. Turn my back on an entire kingdom to be wrapped in his arms. Disown the crown if they dared to separate us.”
That she meant. The conviction of her words radiated from deep within her soul. She would never let anyone separate them. Not even him.
“That is what I hoped you’d say.” Misty’s emerald gaze finally met Tara’s. The hidden knowledge she saw in them, once again, made Tara question the female next to her, “now you must show him the same conviction of love that you have just shown me.”
But how can I when he won’t listen to a word I have to say.
“You must show him that you are not some delicate creature that will crumble under pressure or run from danger. Prove to him that you are not just a princess, something that he can only treasure from afar but a female with desires and needs. Show him that you are more than your crown, and that he is more than the power he holds.” With her speech finished, Tara watched in silent shock as Misty rose to her feet. “Do you understand me?” she asked as she stared down long and hard at Tara.
“I do,” was Tara’s response as she felt a sense of purpose course through her. She understood Misty very well; it was time she showed her warrior that she too would fight for the one she loved. 
“Good.”
 Tara watched as Misty turned away and headed into the thick trees of the forest behind them.
“Where is she going?”
Tara jumped at the sudden sound of Balis’s voice from beside her.
“Into the forest, to search the grounds again, I suppose,” she responded as she watched Misty’s retreating figure become swallowed by the forest trees.
“I will follow her... make sure she’s safe.” Before Tara could turn to tell him that it would be best if he remained behind, Balis was already heading into the forest behind Misty.
What exactly have I missed? She wondered.
“Come princess.”
Once again, she jumped at the sound of a new voice. Her heart raced. She couldn’t be sure if it was from her little scare or the sudden realization that she was alone with her warrior. She turned to look at him. His blue gaze, looking down on her, she knew this was her last chance to convince him that he was all she needed.
“You must bathe before we start our journey to the palace. There is a lake close by where you can wash. It isn’t as luxurious as the palace bath, but it will have to do...so come”. His hand extended.
Ignoring the fact that his palms were covered in dry blood, Tara quickly took his hand. He pulled her to her feet. Her body collided with his. For a brief moment she couldn’t breathe as she felt herself being wrapped up in him. But like always it ended too soon and he stepped away from her.
“Follow me,” he said as he turned and headed into the dark forest, expecting her to follow behind.
“To the ends of the world and beyond,” she would follow him; no matter how far or how long the journey.  She would remain by his side. With that thought floating in her head, she hastened her steps to catch up to her warrior.
Chapter 19

The Warlock could feel the pull of the dark power around him intensify as he stood, once again, in the underground dungeon of the palace. He had returned here after seeing the events in the great hall. It had been a spectacle of pure darkness. It fascinated him and had him wondering exactly what type of power lay dormant within the darkness of the Faye palace. He already knew the power was old, but there was something more contained within the black sphere.
He smiled at the implication of the power he would soon have. He couldn’t have planned things any better. Even with the Faye king using his power to strengthen the barrier, it was no use. There was nothing he could do to stop the barrier from falling.
 The power of the shadows that had been trapped within the barrier was stronger than he originally thought it to be. The first ones he had seen had been small and weak, but they had been able to slip through the cracks of the weakening barrier. There were hundreds of them running free within the palace as he stood contemplating his next move. At first, he thought to use the small shadows as a distraction for the warriors while he shattered the barrier and absorbed the majick power. He had watched, hidden by the shadows of the palace walls, as the shadows cowered and all together disappeared at the sight of the warriors. Instantly, he knew that those weaklings would be of no use to him.
“Useless creatures,” the Warlock whispered in disgust as he continued to stare at the weakening barrier. The first group of shadows had been a great disappointment. However, he had been surprised to see that the space in the hall that had once been occupied by weak and frightened creatures had been filled with stronger and more menacing shadows. Those shadows, unlike the ones before, began to take a more solid form.
“Is that really what you think of your comrades?” The voice came from out the darkness. Beyond the majick barrier and was laced with a dark energy that even made the Warlock’s blood run cold in his veins as a sudden sense of impending doom crept over him.
“Those who you see as weak hold more power than you give credit for.” The voice spoke again. “Do not make the same mistake that your previous master made.”
The Warlock frowned suddenly taken aback by the voice’s words. “How do you know about him?”
There was a dark and sinister laugh that sent chills down the Warlocks spine, “I know many things… some of which might help you succeed in your plan for vengeance.”
“Such as?” The Warlock questioned.
How could this creature… power? 
Know more than he did of his own plan. There was nothing that could stop him now. He had gone to great lengths to ensure that everything was arranged the way he needed them to be. Any threats to him and his plans had been removed. He had organized the kidnapping of the princess, knowing that the love struck warrior would follow right behind her. As for the other warriors, he didn’t concern himself with them. So long as their leader was absent, they were of little to no threat; nothing more than an annoyance that could easily be ended.
“You are as much a fool as the master you used to serve. None of the threats to your plan have been removed. They have multiplied tenfold.”
Impossible...
 “They pose no threat to me.” Clearly the power wasn’t as wise as it thought itself to be. He was one of the greatest black majick wielders in the land. As such three Faye warriors posed a threat to him. They would all be obliterated when the time came.
“Fool!” There could be no mistaking the mockery in the powers dark voice, “these warriors are members of the elite for a reason. They have grown in strength and skill since you have last faced them. They are no longer newly trained recruits and if you let your pride blind you with their true power, then your head will join that of your dead master.”
“Even if that was so, without their leader they can be easily defeated. Alexios will never make it back in time to save them.”
“Continue to think of him as the same male you fought all those years ago and your failure is guaranteed. Alexios is nothing like he was when he faced your beloved master. His rage and physical power had been barely controllable. He has honed his skills with a sword; his aim is precise and accurate. But it is not his physical abilities that you should concern yourself with so much, as it is the majick power that has awakened inside of him. Underestimate him if you want to sorcerer, I look forward to seeing if your head will be severed from your frail body as well.” The sinister laughter of the voice echoed around the Warlock as he stood starring into the black sphere that resided in the cell with him.
Though his anger had been sparked he took a moment to consider the voice’s warning. The mocking aside, there had been truth to the statement. It had indeed been a long time since he last faced the warriors. It would be beyond foolish for him to underestimate them and their skills after coming so far. He was sure none of them could best him with majick ability, but when it came to brute strength and physical power… he looked down at his slender body. To say he was lacking would be an understatement. He had to ensure that if by some chance his majick should fail him, he would be able to hold them off. Then there was the leader… Alexios, the one responsible for the death of his master and brother.
His suffering will be far worse than anything he has ever felt. Rage and bloodlust coursed through the Warlock, pulsing through his veins so strongly that it took all his self-control not to lash out into the darkness. He will watch as the one he loves is raped and brutalized by my servants.
Alickul. He called out mentally to his offspring.
Yes...
Prepare your creatures. I have a task that you must complete.
Certainly father...where are they going?
Into the forest... and do not fail me this time. It was time the male proved his true worth. His failure the last time had been a mistake that he couldn’t afford to make again. This time he needed Alexios and all those with him dead before they could interfere with his plans.
It will not happen again...
Chapter 20

The aroma of the healing herbs filled the healer’s tent yet it still couldn’t hide the stench of black majick that poured out of the warrior that lay motionless on the stone healing pillar in front of him. Kale’s sensitive senses could still smell, taste, the putrid aura of the black majick that had subdued his friend and comrade. As he and Bryan stood at the entrance of the tent, their massive frames filled with increasing tension, he couldn’t shake the feeling that the Warlock was somehow connected to all of the madness that had been happening in the palace. The old male reeked with the stench of black majick.
“Bryan,” he turned his attention to the warrior beside him. He looked at him from out the corner of his eyes. Kale split his attention between the warrior and watching the healer named Zale tend to his fallen brethren.
“Yes, I can sense it too.” The other warrior responded in his usual cold tone. His gaze focused intently on the healer as she now stood with her hands stretched out above Fearean’s body, pouring her healing power into him. Though Kale knew the female was powerful with her majick he doubted that her power would be enough to repair whatever damage had been done. 
A sudden movement caught Kale’s attention. His gaze went to the healing pillar next to Fearean. He looked at the young male on top the pillar. He lay as limp as Fearean. Had it not been for the occasional twitch of his body and faint heart beat Kale would have thought the youngling had crossed over to the farside. Skin ashen, his small chest barely rose and fell with his breathing.
“It was there in the hallway too... around the boy. Do you think this is his doing?” Though Kale didn’t think the young male had anything to do with the sudden darkness that resided within the palace, he couldn’t help but voice his thoughts out loud. He learned a long time ago, through many wars and deceptions, it is often the ones you don’t expect that betray you.
The other warrior seemed to consider the possibility. “I doubt it. Though I can sense the power within him, there was no darkness or stench of black majick inside him. Had he been one of the ones behind the attack, his entire being would wreak with the stench of black majick. His aura is still pure. As young as he is, without having gone through his transformation, he is not powerful enough to call forth that amount of dark power. ” The other warrior paused briefly his gaze also going to the youngling that laid on top the pillar, “besides, he was in too much pain to have been a part of whatever happened in the palace. If he had any part in this, he wouldn’t not be in the position he is in.”
True enough. Kale thought as he began to wonder exactly what had happened in the palace. He knew they had been under attack by someone or better yet something. That much he was sure of. He just wondered where the source of the power was. It was clear to him, as he was sure it was clear to Brian that the real threat came from within the palace and not the Warlock. He was just a pawn being used by something darker and stronger than any power the Warlock could create. This was nothing like the time the powerful wizard, Ku’Vane, had attacked the palace. True, there had been dark majick present during that time, its sole source came from the wizard; unlike now, where the one pulling the strings was hidden from view.
 Who could it be? Where could it be? There was no place in the palace that he hadn’t checked and double checked. Every inch and corner of the palace, he knew like the back of his hand. He was a tracker after all, one of the best in his village before he came to the palace. He had made it his personal goal to know all the dangers that surrounded the palace, both inside and out.
So then, where did this power come from? And why so suddenly?
His amber gaze traveled back to Fearean. Instantly, the image of him going after the princess, after she had been tossed across the room, flashed through Kale’s memory. The need and desperation to save her, to stop whatever was hurting her, had radiated off the warrior in waves. From the first moment he had seen her sprawled out on the floor, withering in pain, his actions were all to save her; a female that he longed to have, that he had tasted but should never have touched in the first place. Kale remembered the look in his comrade’s eyes as his thoughts turned in his head. He could still hear Fearean’s thoughts as if they were his own. Darkness and rage had twisted his thoughts and perception. Hate and bloodlust had been so prominent in the warrior’s thoughts that Kale couldn’t ignore them. No matter how hard he tried.
His thoughts were your own for a moment…
That much was true. Kale’s need for revenge against the ones who took the one he loved from him had coursed through his entire being. Demanding he kill until he had killed everything around him.  There had been voices, dark voices in his head. Voices filled with the same bloodlust that consumed him. The more they whispered to him, the more his need for violence rose. Had it not been for the quick glance that he had taken of the young princess Alexandra, he would have fallen into the dark void that called to him. Not that he feared the void. No, he feared nothing. He had already fallen into that darkness a long time ago so he knew he could battle his way out if he wanted to. What concerned him was that fact that this time he wouldn’t want to.
There had been for a brief moment a side of him, that he thought long gone, dead and buried, that wanted the fall and relished the darkness. He had been tempted to embrace it until he had looked up and locked eyes with the young princess. Her hazel gaze showed no fear. Though he knew she felt that black majick and the danger around them. She still had not shown weakness.
In his mind, he had heard her thoughts clearly, as if they had been projected to him. She had believed, with a conviction that he didn’t deserve, that he would protect her no matter what happened. Her blind and innocent trust in him had been the light that pulled him back from the edge. She had brought him back from his impending fall, buying him a little more time. For now, until they dealt with the problem in the palace, he would remain or at least pretend to be the warrior, he had been before… before Helen’s lifeless body rested in his arms.
However, after he couldn’t promise he wouldn’t give into the darkness and all of the bloodlust that lived inside of him; to hunt down those responsible for her death. Idly thinking brought him back to the topic that threatened to send him into a blind fury. His hands were clenched so tightly around the hilt of his sword that his knuckles turned white. He ground his teeth together so hard that he was sure they would be useless the next time he tried to eat any type of meat. His heart rate had tripled, beating loudly in his ears; it almost drowned out every other sound.
“Someone is coming,” Brian’s voice suddenly laced with warning, managed to break through Kale’s dark thoughts.
“Can you sense who it is?” Kale asked lowly under his breath. As much he wanted to draw his weapon he couldn’t. Though there was black majick and darkness in the palace, there were still residents of the Faye living on the grounds that had nothing to do with the situation now. Pulling out a sword on an innocent would not be a wise choice.
“No, but, I can sense the faint stench of black majick.” Brian gripped his sword.
“I can sense it too… it is growing stronger the closer the creature comes.” The stench of black majick oozed off this being more so than off Fearean. “Let me look outside,” with Brian’s nod Kale gently pulled back the drapes of the entrance just enough so that he could get a quick scan of the outside area. His body immediately relaxed when he laid eyes on the eldest princess.
“It is the prince-” he watched her stagger her way towards the tent. The stench of death clinging to her like a lovers embrace. “Watch the healer, I will be right back”.
Pushing the draping open, he exited the tent. Carefully, he made his way towards the princess, who hadn’t seemed to notice him.
“Princess,” he called out, his gaze scanning her from head to toe. The dress she had been wearing was ripped and seemed to have been singed in some areas. Dark bruises covered her ashen skin. Her hair was a mess, disheveled and all over her head as she limped her way closer to Kale.
“Princess,” he called out to her again. He still received no response. Only when he blocked her path with his huge frame, causing her to stop where she stood, did she bring her gaze to meet his. Instantly, warning bells sounded off in Kale’s mind. Her once amethyst eyes, full of life and joy, were black. Her face was expressionless as she looked at him.
“Warrior,” her voice was the only thing that contained any hint of emotion. Lethal and low Kale wasn’t too sure if this was the real princess speaking to him now. “Move out of my way… do not come between me and what’s mine.”
What’s mine? What did she mean by that? Kale wondered as he stood staring at the female…

What was taking him so long? Brian wondered as he continued his babysitting routine. It was taking Kale entirely too long to come back. Something must have happened. Sudden anxiety began to make its way through his body. It was becoming too much for him to stand in one place.
“Warrior,” the healer’s voice drew Brian’s attention. His gaze studied her as she now tended to the injured youngling. Her hands circled above his chest, sending power into him. As Brian watched her, he took her in. She was indeed a beauty. To be honest, she was one of the most beautiful healers he had ever seen. Like most healers her hair was pulled into a tight pony tail that was held together by multiple bands. Beautiful long hair fell down to the back of her knees, a pure white; it was a stark contrast to her darker skin color, giving Brian the impression that she was from a distant land where the rays of the three suns shinned down the hardest.
“Healer,” he finally replied as he continued to both examine her and listen for any traces of Kale.
“Such a cold tone you have…” she smiled slightly as she pressed her hands to the chest of the young male. “Call me, Zale,” she said as she withdrew her hands from Taylor’s chest, a frown suddenly replacing the smile.
“What is wrong with the youngling?”
“He has become tainted by the shadow,” was her dead response.
“What does that mean?”
Suddenly, she turned her gaze to him, beautiful dark eyes zeroing in on him. While he found her beautiful, the plains of her face soft and feminine. Straight nose and lips that fit perfectly on her slim face, his body didn’t stir. In fact, no female made him feel… except for a certain hard headed princess that made his blood heat every time she was around. The thought of her had all sorts of inappropriate images of her to flash through his mind. His body suddenly felt on fire. He had to force himself to focus.
“It means warrior,” he noticed the change in her voice. It dropped to a low and seductive level, designed to make any male swoon with need, any male except Brian. He started at her as she walked towards him, with an extra sway in her hips, her healer’s dress swaying with the motion of her body. “The shadows who attacked him have made themselves at home in his psyche. They are now as much a part of him as your limbs are to you.”
He watched her walk up to him seduction shinning bright in her eyes. Brian suddenly found himself bored with the healer’s games. This time when he spoke to her, his voice was darker.
“Your advances do not work on me healer. Quit your games and tell me what is truly going on.”
For a moment, she looked taken back by his harshness, but she quickly recovered.
“No need to fear me warrior,” she stepped closer to him, chest to chest; she was tall for a female healer. Instantly, Brian’s body tensed at the spatial invasion. When she was close to him, her nostrils flared and a moaned escaped her.
“You smell very good warrior. Nothing like the death and blood I thought you would reek of. No, instead you smell like the purified air high above the Western Mountain.”  She looked up at him, eyes once again glazed over with desire. “I can sense the aura of the power that surrounds you… intoxicating.” Her hand reached up to caress his face. He gripped her wrist.
“Keep your hands,” he pushed her away from him, “off me. Do not touch me without my permission again.” His rage at her brazen boldness and assumption that he would welcome her touch infuriated him. No one ever touched him without his permission, female or male.
“How dare you put your hands on a healer? We are scared and should be treated with respect.” Brian’s gaze narrowed on the female that now stood several spaces away from him, rubbing her wrist.
How dare she have the audacity to look offended?
“Sacred,” he raised a thick brow, “there is nothing sacred in throwing yourself at the feet of every male that walks into your tent. They come here because your power is strong as a healer. That is the only reason you are allowed to remain in the kingdom. If Griselda were not overwhelmed with her duties already there would be no use for you. ” He turned his back to her then, readying to leave the female’s tent.  As he went to walk out he remembered that Kale had yet to return. He could not leave the youngling and Fearean alone.
 Just then Kale walked into the tent, a solemn look on his face. Following right behind him was the princess, the stench of black majick so strong on her that it caused Brian to flinch.
“Where were you,” was the question he asked the moment Kale’s gaze met his.
“Making sure the princess was ok,” was the dull response he received.
Brian’s gaze went to the princess once again, then back to Kale, the questioning clear in his gaze.
“She-"
“Move out of my way,” Darleen suddenly said as she pushed her way between the two warriors. They watched in shocked silence as she made her way toward the pillar that Fearean laid on, but not before she narrowed her gaze at the female healer; who Brian had noticed had remained eerily quiet from the moment the princess and Kale walked into the tent. The three of them watched in silence as the princess stood over Fearean, a hurtful expression on her face as she raised a hand to touch his face.
“Do not touch him,” Zale’s tone cut through the air like a whip drawing everyone’s attention.

Do not touch him. The healer’s words echoed loudly through Darleen’s mind. Slowly, she turned to face the female who thought to steal her warrior from her. Bloodlust and rage the likes of which she had never known coursed through her hard and fast. She swayed on her feet, dark thoughts racing through her mind.
How dare she tell you not to touch what’s yours… a voice began to whisper in her mind.
Does she know who you are? You are the first born of the Queen’s daughters… the oldest… you are the High Princess of the Faye. The voice continued. With each whispered word, the angrier Darleen became.
You can touch and have whatever you want… she is beneath you… show her, remind her of her place!
Yes, that’s exactly what she would do. She would remind the foolish healer of her place and how to talk to one of the royal family.
“You, healer, will remember your place and know that this warrior is off limits to you.” There could be no mistaking the venom in her voice as she spoke to the female, who stood looking at her with fearful eyes. “You are wise to be afraid…” suddenly she felt her legs give out from under her. Her breath left her in a whoosh as she hit the hard ground. Panic started to rise throughout her body as she gasped for air. She could hear the shouts of the warriors around her. Could feel strong hands lifting her up, but she couldn’t bring herself to move. She gasped for breath as she felt her lungs collapsing in her chest.
“Quickly, onto the tablet,” she heard the female healer say. “She has been tainted... the shadow inside of her must be banished before it can consume her soul.”
There was a loud screech in her head. No, they cannot take me...no, no, no, nononononononnono... I will kill them... I will kill... them... all. Then darkness consumed her. As she fell into the abyss she wondered if she would ever return and see her warrior again...
Chapter 21

The walk to the lake had been a silent one. Neither Tara nor Alexios spoke as they traveled through the Dark Forest, each lost in their own thoughts. The only sounds to be heard were the crushing of fallen leaves and twigs under Alexios’s heavy boots as the cool night air surrounded them. She walked behind him, methodically studying the movement of his body for the thousandth time. Tara couldn’t control the nervousness that coursed through her. With each step she took closer to the secluded area the quicker her heart rate became.
She could feel it deep down in her soul. From the sudden heat rushing through her that tonight would be her last chance to claim her warrior. Her palms sweating, her vision became hazy as images of them tangled in each other limbs flashed through her mind. She tripped over her own feet, stumbling forward. Awkward footing kept her from catching her balance. Just as she was sure she would hit the ground face first she felt her warrior’s strong hands on her.
“Princess... are you ok?” He asked her as he stared down at her with his beautiful blue eyes. For a moment, she was at a loss for words. Looking at him, his face stained with blood, he reminded her of a feral beast... dangerous and wild, beautiful and deadly. She shivered. He was primal male, whose potent sexuality oozed freely out of him. She felt the heat of her body continue to rise. Her cheeks flushed with color as he straightened her.
“Watch your step. There are many small ditches scattered around, dug by the small creatures that call this forest home.” He told her as he turned from her and resumed leading the way. Absently, Tara found herself following behind him.
“Come princess, walk beside me so I can keep a better eye on you.” He stopped and waited for her to catch up to him. Only when she was beside him did he resume his pace. “The lake is just ahead of us. Through this last bin of trees,” he told her without looking at her. She nodded her head as excitement welled up inside of her. From both the thought of a relaxing bath, that would soothe her aching muscles and being able to put her plan into motion.
As they began to clear the trees and enter the clearing, Tara could smell the fresh lake water. She quickened her pace, taking the lead as an immense body of water appeared out of the darkness. The twin moon's light illuminated the water. Its surface sparkled as if covered with millions of diamond gems.
“It’s beautiful,” she practically screamed with delight. Without thinking, she turned and ran to Alexios, who stood a few feet behind her, silently watching and observing. She threw her arms around his neck and hugged him tightly. Then just as quick as she had wrapped him in her warm embrace she let go. She turned, running towards the lake and the clean water the awaited her.

Alexios watched her sprint off towards the lake marveling at how her happiness made her glow.  Her smile when she had turned to him had been breathtaking. The feel of her body against his own, even for that brief moment, had fanned the flames of his desire even more. He had already been suppressing his growing erection as they approached the lake. With her scent on the wind, filling his senses, unwanted thoughts played in his mind as she had followed silently behind him. There was no doubt he wanted her. Right there, right now, on the forest floor. Screaming his name over and over as he ravished her body, his cock jerked in anticipation.
I must protect her. I cannot do that if she is in my bed.
He scolded himself for the thousandth time. He would have to be mindful that with his new majick abilities awakening he would gain more powers. One of which seemed to be the ability to hear others thoughts.
I cannot let her thoughts become my own.
Even as he thought the words, he knew there was no way he could keep himself from peaking at her thoughts from time to time.
“It’s beautiful.” Her voice echoed in his mind as he watched her jump into the lake with no reservations. He felt the edges of his mouth twitch as he fought his amusement at her eagerness. Not that he blamed her, a cleansing bath after you’ve been covered in your enemies blood would make anyone happy. Yet, he couldn’t afford to entertain her actions; it would cause him to weaken. His resolve would crumble and he wouldn’t be able to fight his desire. Staying focused was his only option.
“Princess, a quick bath and then we must rest. We have a long journey ahead of us.” He spoke to her, though he knew he might as well been talking to himself. She paid him no attention. She was too busy swimming in the water, enjoying her freedom.

“Be quick,” she heard him say, but decided to ignore him as she dived back under the water. There was no way she was going to rush this moment and miss her one and only chance to have her warrior. First things first, she had to get him into the water.
“Alexios,” she called to him as she resurfaced.
“Princess?”
“Come into the water with me,” she told him as she treaded water. As she awaited his answer she let the naturally warm water wash away the dirt and grime that covered her. It soothed her sore and aching bones.
“The water feels wonderful, Alexios,” she continued when he didn’t answer. Again, she awaited his response. When she received none, she turned her complete attention to him as he stood not too far from the lake's edge, watching her with intense eyes. She shivered despite the warmth of the water. For a long moment neither of them spoke. A heavy silence wrapped around them.
“That is out of the question,” was the flat response she finally received from him.
“Very well then,” she said with a fake nonchalance as she turned from him. She would not be deterred. Slowly, she began to untie the back strap of the slave top she had been wearing since her capture. Once she felt the back string come undone, she untied the string around her neck. The flimsy piece of fabric that had covered her breast fell from her body into the water in front of her. The cool air caressed her nipples, instantly hardening them. She smiled to herself; there was no way her plan would fail.
“Since you insist on standing there smelling like death and missing out on all the fun… can you watch this for me?” With that she tossed her top behind her then dove into the lake.

Her top landed at his feet as she disappeared under the water’s surface. Alexios’s gaze followed her as she swam. Her movements were beautiful and graceful. As he watched her, he wished he could be the male she wanted him to be. He wanted to forget his responsibilities and embrace her as he always dreamed of doing. Yet, as much as he wanted to jump into the lake with her, pull her half naked body against his, too much rested on his shoulders. He had a duty to the king to protect the land and the creatures that lived in it.
Already, he could feel that his absence had caused a major breach in the security of the palace. The dark feeling that had begun to settle in the pit of his stomach now coursed through his entire being; the more he thought about it the more unease he became. Not only had an enemy of the kingdom made his way into the palace, but also managed to devise a plan to separate the royal family.
Over my dead body.
The last male who would ever touch the princess was the Warlock. Alexios would make sure that the evil male joined his master in the afterlife. The thought of the old male coming anywhere near his- the- princess made Alexios’s hands ball into fists at his sides. He would protect her and the entire family from the twisted ways of the Warlock... he would do for them what he couldn’t do for his own family.
Mother...
He closed his eyes. The image of her warm smile as she held him for the first time crossed his mind. Sadness and grief threatened to consume him. For a brief moment he hated the god that birthed him. His failure to protect the one female who loved him more than her own life weighed heavily on him.
If I had only been stronger... 
He could have saved her.
I will avenge you and the pain you suffered. He had to, not only for his mother. Slowly, he opened his eyes and his gaze found the princess still swimming, for her as well. He found himself stepping closer to the lake’s edge.

Tara figured she had spent more than enough time underwater cleansing her body. She decided it was time to put the second part of her plan into action. Still underwater she made her way to the lake’s edge. When she resurfaced the cool wind of the forest whipped around her. She ignored the chilly air as she wiped the water from her eyes. When she looked up, she found his glacial gaze fixed on her.
“Well, are you just going to stand there?” she asked him with a raised brow.
“Of course not, Princess,” he extended his hand out to her. For a moment she hesitated, not because his hand was covered in dried blood, but because she questioned whether or not she was making the right decision... or was she forcing him to do something that he really didn’t want to do. Indecision coursed through her.
“Princess?”
His voice dragged her from her thoughts.
It’s now or never. “Yes,” she took his hand. As he began to pull her up, she used her body weight to push back into the water. The look of shock on his face as he fell into the water was priceless. She giggled like a simple youngling at her trick.
“You should hav-…” she started to tease him, but when she locked gazes with him as he resurfaced she thought better of it. He hadn’t resurfaced with the same serious face and amused eyes, he usually had when she pulled that trick on him. No, instead his face held a dark grimace. His gaze, that had turned black, held no hint of amusement.
Suddenly, she found herself inching away from him. Quickly, she stopped herself. She would not cower in front of him. Not when she knew that even with his new dark powers he would never harm her.
“Now is not the time for such foolish games,” he said to her in an icy tone. She had heard him use that tone on others, but never with her, until now. Something inside her cracked as she watched him turn his back to her and head back towards the lake’s edge.
 “Be quick with your bath.” He spoke with his back to her as he began to leave the water. Panic consumed her. She couldn’t let him walk away from her, not again. Not when she knew that if he walked away now, he would never return to her.
“No, wait.” She quickly grabbed his forearm, the massive muscle flexing under her palm. He paused to look at her from over his shoulder, those black eyes of his burning straight into her soul. She would not let him go.
“Please, Alexios.” She began her pleading, not caring what begging made her look like. If only the king could see her now, begging a warrior to speak to her. He would have disowned her right then and there. “Do not walk away from me anymore. My heart cannot bare it.”
“Princess, you must stop. I cannot-”
“You cannot what?!?” She gripped his arm tighter. Her anger beginning to build from the words he had been saying for far too long.
“Let go of me.” He demanded, but made no move to break her hold on him.
“I will never let go of you. I cannot and I will not. Why can’t you see that it is you that my heart and soul calls for? From the moment you walked through the palace doors, it has been you.” She spoke to him, hoping he would finally hear her.
“You continually tell me to find someone... a male worthy of me. I have already found him. Who better for me than the one male who knows me better than I know myself?”
“Your words humble me princess, but I am not worthy. You deserve much more than a broken and shattered warrior, who isn’t capable of protecting those he values most.”
That was it. She had had it with him putting himself down and pushing her away with his insecurities. She had to put hers aside now it was his turn. Placing herself between him and the lake’s edge, she would not allow him to leave until he could look her in the face and truly say he felt nothing for her. She would no longer let his doubts and fears stand between them.
“I am sick and tired of you saying you are unworthy.” With her tone stern and confident she would no longer speak to him in the timid manner she usually used. He needed a strong female beside him. She was set to prove that she was just as strong as he was, if not stronger.
“Listen to me and listen to me good. What happened to your mother was not your fault. How could it have been when you were just a youngling? Just barely finished from nursing your mother’s breast?” She pointed a finger into his massive chest. “If you want to blame anyone you blame Bozark for leaving you and your mother alone. For him abandoning you and her when he knew what you were up against. He is the one that should have been there to protect his family.” Her emotions getting the better of her she poked him square in the chest. “You have protected this kingdom with your life. Even without any majick abilities you were able to defend us from our greatest enemy. The entire Faye world knows your name and speaks highly of your abilities as a warrior. Enemies tremble from the mention of your name, cower under your golden swords. There has never been a warrior as honored as you. Your name is legend to all...” she shook with the weight of her conviction. Not caring that she stood before him, half naked, her chest and hardened nipples on display for his eyes. She had to make him understand. Make him see what she has known from the very beginning.
“You are worthy of me and so much more. If anything, it is me who is unworthy of having you. I have done nothing to prove to you that I can stand strong by your side. All I have done is sneak glances and moments with you. If I was truly as worthy as you believe I would have declared my love for you in front of the king and the entire kingdom. I would have told you what my heart truly felt the moment I felt it.” She gripped the sides of his face then. She would make sure he never doubted her again. “Alexios you must hear my words and know they come from my heart, my soul. There is no other male that I adore, that I love more than you. Not even my own father, the king. Not once have I doubted your abilities. I have always been proud of you and amazed by your strength. I love you, Alexios... my Alexios... my warrior. Nothing will change that. I will leave behind this kingdom and wealth if they denied me your love.”
There she had said it. The words spilled out of her and she would never regret them. If he turned away from her now... no, she refused to think of that. He would not, could not deny, her any more. She would not let him.

Alexios was torn as he stood facing the princess. A part of him wanted to leap with joy at her words. Words he knew came from her very soul. Yet, there was a tiny part of him that still questioned his worth.
“Alexios, I believe in you...”
He stared down at her, his anger at her little trick completely forgotten.
“Believe in my faith in you.” She pleaded with him, tears welling up in her eyes. Seeing her like that, begging him that he finally let her in, cracked the wall that he had built to purposely keep her out. He never once doubted her love for him and he would no longer doubt himself. He pushed all thoughts of duty, the King, and everything else out of his mind. He focused all his attention on the one thing that meant everything to him.
Instantly, with all his resistance gone, one of his arms wrapped around her slim waist, pulling her closer to him.
“Alexios,” she called to him. Her love for him shinned brightly in her gaze as she looked up to him.
“My heart has always belonged to you,” and with that he claimed her mouth with his. Automatically all his senses became attuned to the female in his arms. Nothing else mattered except for the feel of her body against his, the taste of her lips. He caught her contented moan in his mouth as her arms wrapped around his neck. Her body melted into his.
There in the dark forest, Alexios held his princess that way he had longed for so many years. The warm water of the lake had washed away all evidence of battle from his body as he indulged his senses. He felt her hardened nipples pressed against his chest and was instantly reminded that she had been topless their entire conversation. His body hardened as his hands roamed down her bare back. She shivered in his arms, pressing her body closer to his.
Their kiss grew so passionate that their teeth banged together. When she caught his tongue in her mouth and sucked. It took all his self-control not to attack her right then and there. He refused to rush this moment. Not when he knew he was the first and only male to ever have touched her, or ignite her passion.
“Alexios,” she broke their kiss. “Please,” she whispered against his lips. “Claim me as I have claimed you.”
He started down into her eyes, hooded from her growing desire, looked at her lips swollen from their kiss and could do nothing more than growl in pure male satisfaction as he lifted her up. Her legs wrapped around his narrow waist. Her arms wrapped tightly around his neck. Her core rubbed against the erection that pressed though his pants. He carried her out the lake, her lips claiming his again. Gently as he could, he laid her on the softest patch of grass he could find.
Chapter 22

She couldn’t believe this moment was finally happening. She had waited years for it. Now that it was here, her heart wanted to leap out of her chest with joy. The feel of her warrior’s heated breath against her neck sent shivers down her spine. His damp hair was tangled in her fingers as she encouraged him on. The weight of his body on top of hers as he pinned her to the ground, dominating her, took over her senses. His scent, dark spices, filled her nostrils. His muscled chest pressed against her bare breasts. Her tawny nipples rubbed against his hard flesh. Tingling sensations spread throughout her body. Moisture pooled between her legs.
“Princess,” he groaned against her neck. His mouth traveled down the length of her nape, across her collar bone and between the valley of her breasts. She moaned at the electric feel of his tongue as it tasted her damp flesh. Her hands still tangled in his drying hair as he continued his exploration of her body. She watched with hooded eyes as he took one of her waiting peaks into his mouth.
“Alexios,” she moaned his name. Her back arching as electricity shot through her. She couldn’t contain herself as he nibbled on her sensitive flesh. While his mouth worked wonders on one breast, his free hand toyed with the other. He palmed her small breast, rolling her hardened nipple between his fingers. Her body squirmed under his, barely able to control the desire raging through her. She moved so much that he had to place one palm against her stomach to hold her in place as he turned his attention to the other breast. Again he drew her into his mouth, more feverishly than before. He licked and sucked on her, lavishing the same attention to that breast as he did the other. While his mouth toyed with her upper body the hand he had placed on her stomach made its way down to the junction between her thighs. Her breath left her in a rush as she felt his rough fingers against her swollen clit. She moaned as she rotated her hips, encouraging him to continue. She heard a growl escape him as his mouth left her breast to lick a trail down the plains of her stomach.
Tara held her breath when he reached the folds of her entrance. Her heart beating wildly in her chest, she wondered what he was about to do next. Excitement and desire rolled through her as she felt his hand at her entry.
“Gods,” she moaned, “Alexios”.
He brought his gaze to meet hers and she found herself speechless. His eyes had turned completely black. His brows were drawn tightly together as if it was taking everything he had not for him to ravage her right then and there. Though the heat between her and Alexios’s body was protecting her against the cold forest air she shivered. The look of hunger that he gave her made the innocent female in her cower in fear. While the side of her that had been waiting years for this, the side of her that was on fire with need craved to satisfy his appetite.
“Shh,” his voice was dark and low. It seduced her ears and caressed the most intimate parts of her mind. “I will not hurt you,” he said just as he slid one finger inside her. She gasped at the sudden friction. “Relax, Princess,” another finger entered her. For a moment pain shot through her, but as he began to move his fingers back and forth inside her, her pain was quickly replaced by her building pleasure. Her hips rotated as he watched her, his own hips grinding into the grass beneath him. She moaned his name over and over as she rode his fingers. The scent of her arousal filled the air. She closed her eyes as the feeling began to be too much.
“Look at me,” his tone commanded. She obeyed. Opening her eyes, she fixed her gaze on his. “Cum for me,” he growled as his fingers moved faster. “I want to see you cum,” with that he pressed his thumb to her clit. Her body bucked underneath his touch. She bit down on her lip, in an effort to keep the others from hearing, so hard that she drew blood.
She exploded, her body riding out her orgasm while his fingers still moved inside her. Never had she felt anything like the touch of her warrior. It was majickal and set her soul on fire. When he withdrew his fingers from her wanton body, her juices coated his fingers. She watched him as he stuck both fingers in his mouth and sucked them clean. Another round of heat began to build up inside of her from watching him.
“Are you ready for me?” he asked. His own voice strained as he tried to be gentle with her. Unable to form words at the moment she gave him a slight nod and spread her legs further. “Good.”
 Again, her heart beat rapidly in her chest as she watched him move back from her. She propped herself up on her elbows to watch him, marveling at the sight of him. His hair was still damp from their play in the lake. Against the light of the twin moons, he was more alluring than usual. He removed his wet shirt. Small droplets of water clung to his chest and stomach. As they fell, they traveled down his body. Her eyes watched imagining it was her tongue that was rolling down the cuts of his stomach. She moaned. The taste of him was still against her lips. She wondered what the rest of him tasted like.
Go and find out...
Yes, that’s exactly what she would do. She moved so that she was on all fours. His gaze traveled down the length of her bare back, lingering on her ass before returning to her face. She began to crawl to him in the most seductive manner she could while ignoring the cold grass underneath her.
“Princess?” His voice questioned her, even as his eyes sparkled with acknowledgement.
“I want to taste my warrior,” she gave him the sweetest smile she could as she sat back on her knees. Looking up at him, her eyes sparkled with mischief. “Keep your hands to the side... do not stop me,” with that she focused her attention to the massive erection that she could see straining to break free from its caging. Her hands unbuttoned the pants and pulled them down. His erection sprung free, pointing directly at her.
Yes. She purred to herself. Gripping him in her hand, she marveled at the steel, yet velvety feel of him. A groan echoed above her. She looked up to find that his eyes had closed and his jaw was tightly clenched. Smiling to herself, she turned her attention back to the male part in her hand. Fascinated by its feel she began to move her hand up and down his shaft. She had always wondered what he looked like naked. Now that she saw him she knew perfection. His cock was long, thick, and stood out proudly. Her hand barely fit around it. She noted to herself the thick vein underneath his shaft was extra sensitive. Each time she stroked it his cock would jump. After a few strokes with one hand, she added the other. With both hands she was able to completely grip his shaft. She moved her hands up and down, around and back. At the head of his cock she caught sight of a white substance. She licked her lips. Instinctively, she took the head of his cock into her mouth. She felt his body jerk as a loud curse ripped from his lips. Strong hands embedded themselves into her scalp.
If that simple thing caused that reaction, then I wonder...
She removed her hands in favor of her mouth. She took in as much of him as she could. He stretched her mouth, but she didn’t mind. The taste of him, the feel of him in her mouth was enough to send her over the edge again.

Alexios was going to explode if he didn’t stop her soon. Being inside the moist heat of her mouth was driving him into a frenzy. He tried to control it; tried to get her to stop, to pause for a moment, so he could get himself together by gripping her head. All that seemed to do was encourage her further. She had removed her hands, replaced them with her mouth and was now sucking on him as a new born youngling would its mother’s breast. His body tensed and he refused to look at her. If he did, the sight of his cock disappearing into her mouth would cause him to explode. He kept his eyes closed and tried to focus on anything other than the royal down on her knees before him. But the sensation of her mouth, her tongue circling around the head of his cock, was too much for him to ignore.
He was on the edge of a climax. The more she sucked the harder it was for him to restrain himself. Slender hands cupped his sack. In that instant he lost what little restraint he had. His hands gripped her head as he pumped himself in and out of her decadent mouth. He was afraid he would hurt her, but he couldn’t bring himself to stop. It felt too good and he had waited too long for this moment. Her own moans of pleasure drifted into his mind as he pumped himself into her mouth. She was enjoying this as much as he was. Damn it, if that wasn’t the sexiest thing. Her tongue caressed the head of this cock, traveled the underside of his shaft, caressing the thick vein. He groaned as his back tensed, his balls grew tight as his orgasm approached.
“I’m going to...oh gods... princess,” he couldn’t form a coherent thought. All he could focus on was the tight feel of her mouth, the slight scraping of her tongue against his sensitive flesh.
She moaned her understanding and approval with his cock in her mouth. The vibrations of her throat along with the sinful things she was doing with her mouth sent him over the edge. He came hard and fast; his roar of release, echoing loudly through the forest. His knees suddenly became weak and he found it hard to stand. His arms fell loosely to his side. His mind was frizzled. In such a state of pure bliss that he barely registered that he was still spilling his seed into the princess’s mouth.
He pried his eyes open. Looking down, he found her staring at him with his now limp cock still in her mouth. Her eyes hooded with her renewed desire. The sight had him hardening again.
“Lie back,” he told her in a hoarse voice as he withdrew his hardening cock from her mouth. He watched as she did as he ordered. “Now spread your legs for your warrior,” he gripped his shaft in his hand. Giving himself long, slow, strokes as she spread her legs wide. The scent of her arousal assaulted him. His cock jerked at the sight of her spread out before him, like a banquet meal. Even in the dark night of the forest he could see that she was wet for him, glistening in the darkness.
“Mine,” he growled as he lowered himself on top of her. The moment his naked body touched her it felt as if he had been struck by lightning. Her legs instantly wrapped around his waist, as if they had always belonged there. The head of his cock was positioned at her entrance. As much as he wanted to bury himself deep inside her, he controlled himself. This was her first time and he was grateful for being chosen to be her first. She could have her pick of any male, but she chose him. For whatever reason she had given him her love… for that he intended to make sure she never regretted her decision.
“Alexios,” she called his name. It was a soft and intimate call that had his heart beating rapidly against his chest. As he stared into her pale blue eyes, time seemed to stand still. Everything, everyone vanished. All that remained was her and this moment. There was no king between them, no sisters, no social laws that could keep them apart, just her...just her and this moment. There was warmth, a sudden joy that filled him as he stared down at her. “It will always be you...” she cupped the sides of his face. He kissed the inside of her palms, “there will never be another male for me. You’re my world, my everything. From the moment I first laid eyes on you.” Tears began to form in her eyes.
His heart fluttered in his chest as a single tear managed to fall down her cheek. He smiled, kissing away the tear that fell.
 “I love you,” she caressed the side of his face, her heart reflecting in her stare. It mimicked his, “even if you can’t love me back. I will love you enough for the both of us...I-” he cut her off with a kiss; an earth shattering, soul mending kiss that had her toes curling. He kissed her with everything he had. He let her feel the passion he had for her. He wanted her to feel what he felt for her. She moaned into his mouth and he tried to swallow the sound. She molded her body to his. Her hands embedded themselves in his head as her legs pulled him closer to her waiting body, a silent encouragement for him to continue.
Without breaking their kiss his hand found its way back to the entrance of her body. He slid one finger into her slick folds. She moaned into his mouth. He toyed with her as he readied her for his entrance into her body. Her juices flowed down his hand, letting him know that she was more than ready for him. He broke their kiss so that he could stare into her face as he entered her.
“Are you ready?” He asked one more time as sweat formed on his brow. The need to be inside her grew stronger with each passing moment. Yet, he refused to move until she gave him permission. Though her body was ready, he needed her mind to be with him as well.
“I’ve always been ready for you,” she claimed his lips again giving him all the reassurance he needed. He kissed her madly as he slid himself inside her. He felt her body tense, resistance, at the first push. He removed his hand and toyed with her clit some more. Slowly, her body began to relax. Not wanting to hurt her he eased a little more of himself inside. He felt her wince in pain but he continued until he felt himself against the barrier that marked her as a virgin. With one powerful thrust he broke through, implanting himself all the way inside her. He captured her cry of pain in his mouth as he continued to kiss her. His lips were the only part of his body that moved. The rest of him remained still allowing her to adjust to him. Only when he felt her body relax and she began to circle her hips with him inside her did he begin to move. He broke their kiss so that he could stare down into her face as he took her, but what he found instead was her eyes closed and her brows drawn tightly together from the pain.
“Look at me,” his tone commanded. She obeyed. Her blue eyes focused on him. “Am I hurting you?” He asked, though how he was able to form the words he didn’t know. He was on the verge of exploding. She was so tight, warm, and wet that he had to concentrate hard in order to keep from coming right then and there. 
“No, keep going,” she told him. He smiled at her then claimed her lips again as he continued to slide himself in and out of her.

Tara didn’t know if she was coming or going. All she knew was that her body felt like it was going to be torn in two. It took everything she had to keep from bursting into tears and telling Alexios to get off of her. He was so large that each thrust was more painful than the last. But she refused to do that, not when she was finally connected to him. After all it took for her to get him to this point she would not mess it up by crying. If a single tear fell from her face, he would stop... she didn’t want him to stop. Darleen had told her that the first time a male took her it would hurt, but that eventually the pain would fade away. She would feel pleasure the likes of which she had never known.
Tara trusted her sister. All she had to do was suffer a moment longer and the pain would cease. As it was now with each thrust Alexios took into her body the pain eased and created an odd friction that developed into bittersweet pleasure. Soon, she found herself giving in to the pleasure that was consuming her from Alexios’s kisses and body. She moaned into his mouth as she caught his rhythm, meeting him thrust for thrust until their bodies moved as one. She focused on the feel of her warrior as he moved inside her and on his powerful scent as it engulfed her. She became intoxicated by him. Her mind became consumed by him. Everywhere their bodies touched; lips, chest, arms and legs, tingled with pleasure.
With a roar Alexios broke their kiss and buried his head in the crook of her neck. His thrusting became feverish and fueled her desire. She gripped his behind urging him deeper inside her. Inside her his cock pulsed.
“Alexios,” she moaned into his ear as her nails dug into his flesh. He groaned and before she knew it he had her in his lap driving himself deeper inside her. Their new position allowed him greater access to her. His breathing was against her neck as she continued to meet his increased thrusting. His mouth latched on to one of her breasts. Once again her hands found their way into his hair as he nipped and suckled her nipple. He was going to drive her right over the edge. His scent, his body, the feel of him inside of her, hitting a new spot deep in her body was more than she could take. She exploded with his name ripping from her lips. Her orgasm grasped her so strongly that she actually saw stars. She shuttered over and over in his arms as she rode out her climax; under her, Alexios continued to pound into her, lost in his own pleasure. Another orgasm ripped through her. This time they came together, their names on each other’s lips.
As the last of her orgasm faded, she collapsed against his chest. Her heart beat rapidly while her limp body remained on top of his cock, still buried deep inside her. In the peaceful, contented, silence between them, she listened to the beating of his heart. Firm and strong hands caressed her back. Lazily, she looked up to find him staring down at her with a smile so tender that it made her heart skip a beat.
“Are you alright?” he asked. His hand caressed the side of her face.
“Yes...I am perfectly fine.” She answered as she wrapped her arms around him. She hugged him close as he did the same to her. “That was amazing.”
“I am glad”.
“I am so happy that I finally have you in my arms, inside my body,” she yawned. “I’m tired,” she felt him chuckle.
“As am I.”
“Let us rest here then. At least for a moment before we rejoin the others.” Her eyes pleaded with him. She wasn’t ready to separate from him just yet.
He gave a slight nod. She relaxed into him. Snuggling as close to him as possible, she wanted to be his second skin.
He groaned and she gave him a puzzling look. “Prince-”
“Tara,” she corrected him. The time for formalities had long passed.
He gave her a wicked grin before he responded, “Tara... please try not to move so much.”
“Why?”
“Don’t you feel it?” rotating his hips under her, she felt his growing erection inside her.
She gasped and looked at him wide eyed. “How are you able to do that? I thought you were tired.”
He gave her a devious look as he unwrapped his arms from around her to lie back in the grass, leaving her looking down at his beautiful body. Desire stirred in the pit of her stomach again.
“I am,” Alexios gave her a wicked grin. “That’s why you’re going to do all the work,” he said with a playful pat on her backside. His actions earned him a giggle that had him chuckling as well. Never in his life had he felt as free as he did with her now.
“Who are you and what have you done with my warrior?” She asked him playfully. She knew this was her warrior. This was the side of him that no one else saw. All the creatures of the Faye saw him as a ruthless killer, a commander only loyal to the royal family. She had been around long enough and was the only one whom he dropped his guard around and showed his true self.
“If I am yours, then claim me as such.” He swiveled his hips under her.
She moaned. Slowly she began to rotate her hips with him inside her.
“Yes... You are mine, Alexios... my warrior... my love.”
Chapter 23

She knew he was behind her, had known he would follow her the moment she walked away from the princess and into the darkness of the forest. As much as she wanted to deny it, deny his effect on her, the simple fact was that her body was attuned to his very essence. It was in the way her heart rate quickened when she caught his dark scent on the wind. In the way her body yearned for his touch again.
Damn you. She doubled her pace through the trees. She had hoped to put some distance between them, but all she managed to do was draw him closer. When her pace doubled, his tripled. She could feel him as he closed the distance between them. The closer he came the faster her heart beat. Her breathing had become rapid and she found it hard to focus on what was in front of her.
This has to stop. She told herself even as her mind was slowly hazing. Images of them rolling around on the forest floor flashed through her mind. Desire coursed through her body like molten lava. If she didn’t get a handle on herself soon the black spots clouding her vision would turn into complete darkness. As she slowed her pace to a stop, she had to brace herself against a tree to keep from falling to the ground. He’s close now...
Just as the thought crossed her mind, he appeared before her. His massive frame filled her line of vision. Instantly, she straightened her position. She pretended to ignore the wide width of his chest, the cuts of his stomach that she could see through the tattered shirt he wore. She even tried to ignore those silver-gray eyes of his that were fixed on her and how they made her want to cower behind the tree that kept her on her feet.
“Why are you continuously following me?” The last thing she needed was to stroke his oversized ego with the need in her voice. But gods help her if he wasn’t the finest male she had ever seen.
“Boredom,” he shrugged his massive shoulders. For the life of her, she couldn’t figure out how one male could grow so large.
“I thought you would prove to be more entertaining.” He flashed her a grin that showed the tips of his fangs. She was sure that grin had made a lot of females weak in the knees. It sure made hers feel like they would give out.
Do not weaken towards him... he will be no different from the rest. Yeah, so why did her body respond to him when it didn’t to any other male?
“And besides,” his breath was against her neck suddenly. She jumped from the contact, from his nearness. Too caught up in her thoughts that she hadn’t noticed his movement, “you looked like you could use some company.” With that, he dipped his head to place a soft kiss to the side of her neck. Immediately, her body tensed, her breath left her as her body’s awareness of him shot to new levels. The sensation... the sudden need for more was so foreign to her that she was frozen in place.
“Misty,” his breath was against her neck again. Heat coursed through her body. “You are lovely...” She felt his hands against her. One large hand traveled down the side of her body while his silver gaze focused on her face. The other toyed with a loose strand of her hair. “Why is it that I desire you?”
Why indeed? She wondered too, but refused to give in and find out the answer. Though, she had lost control of her body to his touch, her mind was still her own... for the most part.
“Can you tell me?” She heard him ask just before he leaned his head in to kiss her. How she found the strength to turn from him the moment his lips would have touched hers, she didn’t know. Not when her body screamed in protest.
“You want an answer warrior?” She found herself saying, her voice barely above a whisper. “Because you are a male and only capable of thinking of your own desires,” abruptly he removed his hands from her and stepped away. His face expressionless as she continued, images of all the males that had used and misused her over the years fueled the fury in her. Those were the days when she had been too weak to defend herself and fight for her freedom. When she turned her head to him again the weight of her hatred pierced into him.
“You care nothing for those who are harmed in the process,” the feel of his touch against her body forgotten. “You are all alike...” she pushed herself from the tree to stand toe to toe with him. “And warrior, this will be the very last time I give you this warning. Invade my personal space with your unwanted touch and Alexios will have a hard time piecing you back together.” With that, she turned from him and headed deeper into the forest. Ignoring the foreign part of her that demanded she go back and return to his warm embrace.
 
Bails watched her retreating figure as the urge to follow her coursed through his body. It demanded that he catch up with her and prove to her that he was nothing like the males before him. Yet, he knew that to get her to listen, he would have to force himself on her. In turn, he would prove her idea about him right and defeat his original purpose. That was something he could not have happen. He would just have to get her another way.
He stood in the same spot she had left him in, watching her walk away until he couldn’t see her figure anymore. Only then did he turn and begin heading back towards the campsite. He was sure Alexios’s and the princess had returned by now. As he headed back, he couldn’t push the feeling of her soft body under his out of his mind. Nor could he forget the look in her eyes as she had spoken to him. Her hatred for the males that had mistreated her, hit him like a punch to the face. It had caused his anger to spike. For a brief moment he had wanted to kill every male that had ever laid hands on her more than he wanted to comfort her.
“I will prove her wrong,” he vowed. Just as he began to formulate a plan to win her over, a dark sensation traveled down his spine. He froze and listened to the forest around him. He heard nothing, not a single creature.
Something is here. He could feel it, the feeling along his spine intensified letting him know that whatever was out there was getting closer. The scent of stale blood drifted into his senses. On the heels of the scent came the sound of advancing footsteps. Judging from the vibrations of the ground, whatever was approaching him was no small creature.
There is more than one. He summoned his sword into his hand. Turning to where the scent of stale blood was the strongest, he readied himself for battle. Several creatures stepped from the shadows and into his line of vision. Three Baraqel stood in front of him, lined up next to each other. In front of them stood a Sappling covered in battle armor, a sword in each of his hands.
Balis stared at the obstacle in front of him, his power coursing through him. He could kill the beasts easily enough, but it was the armored Sappling that caught his attention. Sapplings were usually cowardly creatures, frail and afraid of confrontation, even though they raped innocent females and younglings. But this one showed no fear. He didn’t back down as Balis stood with his sword at the ready. No, instead, Balis could see that the creature stared straight at him, intimidation lost in his gaze through the helmet he wore.
Something is not right here...
In the distance a scream of pure fury ripped through the air. Before Balis could question what was truly happening around him, the Sappling in front of him raised his sword and roared his commanded attack.
Chapter 24

It really happened. She couldn’t believe it actually happened. Finally, she had her warrior. She now knew what it felt like to have his powerful body against her... moving inside her. It was a wonderful feeling that had her skipping behind him as they made their way back to the camp site. Her body was still sore as she moved but the energy the flowed through her made it easy to ignore the soreness in her legs and the throbbing between them.
It amazed her. She had thought that after her first time she would be exhausted, drained, the least bit tired. She wasn’t. In fact, as she watched him in front of her, shirtless because he had given her his shirt to wear, his back muscles flexing with his movement she wanted him again... and again. She licked her lips. She needed to have him one more time. He was the only one that could cool the heat that was spreading through her body. Her appetite for him was becoming ravenous, demanding to be fed.
“Alexios,” Tara called out to him.
“We must keep moving.”
“No,” she gripped him by the forearm. His arm flexed under her palm as he stopped. “We must stop. Just for a brief moment. My legs are extremely tired and I am having a hard time keeping pace.”
There was a brief silence. After a moment her warrior let out a long sigh.
 “Very well,” he turned to her. His glacial gaze locking onto her, heat warmed her cheeks. “Do not try and distract me,” with that he walked around her and rested against the nearest tree. “Rest now,” he told her with his arms folded across his chest. His gaze quickly scanned the surrounding area.
“I will rest,” she said as she stepped closer to him, his arms fell to the side. “Inside your arms,” she wrapped her arms around his waist and hugged him close to her.
 “Why are you so tense?” Tara asked with her head against his chest. “Already you’re denying my touch?” She looked up at him then, awaiting his reply.
“No,” he replied in a flat tone. His gaze remained fixed on the forest around them. Looking over her shoulder, she wanted to know what was holding his attention. There were only the dark shadows of the forest trees. She reached out with her powers, sensing for any creature that would pose a threat. There was nothing out of the ordinary, just the aura of the creatures of the forest, none strong enough to do any damage. She turned her attention back to Alexios, who still stared out into the darkness.
At least his arms are around you now. She told herself as she nestled further into his embrace. A contented sigh escaped her as she felt his hands travel under the shirt to caress her back. Not even the cold wind blowing across her bare bottom could ruin her mood.
“Eternity in your arms wouldn’t be enough,” she whispered into his chest.
“You flatter me,” he told her. Finally, his body relaxed against the tree... and her.
“I speak the truth. Even after the moment we just shared my body still yearns for you.” Her hands began to move from his sides down to the waistband of his pants. His chest expanded under her head as he took a deep breath. Already he was hardening beneath her, his body calling out for her. When she locked gazes with him she found his need for her reflected in his gaze.
“We cannot do this right now. We must return to the others,” even as he said the words, his hands traveled down her back and cupped her ass, a cheek in each hand as moisture pooled between her legs.
“Alexios, kiss me.”
“Prince-”
“NOW!” She demanded. At first he looked at her in shock, but he quickly recovered, claiming her lips with his. Tara moaned into him as her hands finally found their way to his cock. She gripped him just as he slid one of his fingers inside her. Again she moaned into his mouth as she began to stroke him. As much as she tried to focus on his pleasure, she couldn’t. Not with his tongue doing wicked things to her mouth and his fingers playing inside her body. Before she knew it, she had stopped stroking him in favor to ride his fingers.
“Princess,” he whispered against her lips as he eased another finger inside her. “What have you done to me?”
“Nothing,” she responded breathlessly.
“You lie,” he pressed his fingers deep inside her, his thumb toying with her clit. Tara gasped again. “Gods, you’re so wet... I want to taste you.”
“Yes,” she moaned the word and almost regretted them when he removed his fingers from inside of her.
“W-” before she could question him, she found herself pinned against the tree. Her eyes widened as she stared at Alexios. He was becoming stronger with each passing moment. She could feel it, the power inside of him begged for release. It was an intoxicating power that she found herself falling into as she watched him drop to his knees before her. Without words, she watched with hooded eyes as he placed one of her legs over his shoulders. Excitement spread throughout her body.
“Brace yourself against the tree for me.”
She did as told. Good thing too, cause she was sure had he not told her to brace herself, she would have fallen on top of him when he placed her other leg over his shoulder. Her only support was the tree behind her and the male between her legs.
“Alexios,” she questioned him, not entirely sure if it was wise for him to put her full weight on his shoulders.
“Quiet, and try not to make too much noise,” he told her before he buried his head between her legs. When she first felt his hot tongue against her core it took everything she had not to scream out in pure delight.

From the first taste she tasted like nirvana. Pure bliss and decadent female, just the way he knew she would taste. From the first moment his tongue had swept across her wet folds her taste had intoxicated him. With each lick, each suck on her clit, she spilled into his mouth. He drank her until her taste was all he knew. Nothing would ever taste as good as his princess. Nothing will ever smell as tempting... forbidden as his princess. The scent of her arousal engulfed him. Her pleasured moans trickled down to his ear and encouraged him on. He gripped her hips firmly to keep her in place. The last thing he wanted was for her to separate from his mouth. No, he had no intention of letting her go until he had had his fill of her.
I will never have enough. Not when she set his soul on fire. Not when she saw him for what he was and believed in him more than he believed in himself. She belongs to me and no one else. Not even the king. His thoughts possessive, churned in his head as he continued to indulge in the decadent platter before him. With his eyes closed, he let his other senses take hold of him. His tongue darted in and out of her, causing more and more of her sweet nectar to flow into his mouth. He felt her hands, in his head, as she tried to push him closer to her. She sought to suffocate him between her thighs.
He welcomed the idea. He could only think of one thing that would be better than dying with the taste of her on his lips. That would be dying with his cock buried deep inside of her, lost in the wet heat of her body. His cock twitched at the thought. The need to be buried deep inside her body was almost too much to ignore. But, he refused to let this moment be rushed and her divine taste taken from him now.
He sucked on her swollen clit. He felt rather than heard her reaction. Her legs locked tightly around his neck, while her hands tugged at his hair. Her breath rushed out of her. All telltale signs that she would soon fill his mouth. He opened his eyes to watch as she erupted against his tongue. He would memorize the look of pure bliss on her face as she came. As he watched her, as he felt her rotate her hips against his tongue, her moans grew louder and louder. The rise and fall of her breast, hardened nipples that begged to be drawn into his mouth, the way her golden locks of hair fanned out against the tree she became even more beautiful to him. She screamed his name as she exploded, her essence flowing into his awaiting mouth as her back arched. His own orgasm from pleasing her, threatened to sneak up on him. Only when she couldn’t take anymore did he place her back on her feet.
 He braced her between himself and the tree to keep her from falling to the ground. Her sated but weakened body rested against his. The smile that spread across his face as he looked at her was one of pure male satisfaction after having thoroughly pleased his female. But, he was far from done with her.
“Are you read-” A sharp pain sliced through Alexios’s body, then another. He locked gazes with the princess, whose face had gone completely pale. Beautiful blue eyes widened in horror. He looked down at himself. His mind having a hard time processing what had just happened. Only when he saw his blood splattered across the princess did his survival instincts kick in. Two sharp blades went straight through his torso.
He coughed up blood just as another blade made its way into his body. He swayed on his feet. As much as he wanted to give into the pain he could not.
“Al... ex... is,” the princess’s weakened voice, filled with fear and concern drew his attention. Slowly, he brought his suddenly blurred gaze to her.
“Now, now, isn’t this a sight.” The snake like voice came from the darkness of the forest.
Alexios’s body tensed. He knew that voice, had heard it somewhere before.
“If only the king could see his most trusted warrior with his daughter,” the voice continued to speak as Alexios’s body continued to weaken. His arms shook from the effort it took to keep himself upright. Using his body as a shield for the princess, he would protect her no matter the cost. Even when he couldn’t feel his legs any longer and darkness sought to claim him.
He reached behind him until he felt the hilt of the first blade in his back. He gripped it, gritted his teeth and yanked the blade out of his back.
“Run,” he told her and dropped the arm that had encaged her. When she didn’t move, her body shaking with the weight of her fear, he pushed himself from her. “I will distract him. You must run and find Balis,” he told her as he turned his back towards her.
“I will not leave you,” she whispered from behind him. He felt the energy around them shift as she called her power to her.
Tara. He projected his thoughts to her because he no longer had the breath needed to form words. Darkness was steadily closing in on him. Through his haze filled mind, he could feel her shock at his voice’s sudden presence in her mind.
How are you able to that? She asked nervously, though he couldn’t decide if it was from the enemies in front of them or the fact that his power was becoming stronger.
It doesn’t matter. He told her as he eyed the three creatures in front of him. Two pair of yellow eyes focused on him, but it was the third pair of eyes, red ones that glowed brightly in the darkness of the forest trees that he focused on; mainly because they took him in with nonchalant regard. It was the princess that held the creature’s attention.
Alexios felt his blood boil beneath his skin. The dark power that had recently made its self him inside his body roared to life. Suddenly he felt power surge through him; a rush of adrenaline pushed back the pain and darkness that had begun to claim him.
Alexios, do not do this alone. In your present state you-
Run, go now and find Balis and Misty, they will protect you until I have dealt with these three. There was no room left for discussions as he squared his shoulders, a calm numbness washing over him.
At least let me do this. Without waiting for his response, she placed her hands against his wounds. They are already healing, but this will help speed things up.
Warmness spread through Alexios’s body as her majick helped heal his wounds.
There… 
He could feel the warmth of her majick receding. Taking with it the pain that had coursed through his body.
Thank you… Now go! He knew that she wanted to argue with him. Just as he thought she would disobey him, he heard her retreating footsteps behind him.
I love you. Please come back to me. Was her fleeting voice in his head, she raced to find Balis and Misty.
With her gone, he focused all his attention on his current problem. As he let his new found power course through him, he studied his enemies, assessing them as he would any enemy on the battlefield. The one with the red eyes stood with two giant creatures that he recognized from the arenas, on both sides of him. Both creatures had their gazes trained on the princess’s retreating figure.
“That was a foolish thing to do.” The one with the red eyes stepped forward. His nearer proximity allowed Alexios to fully see him. The creature stood eye to eye with him covered in black armor with a symbol embedded into his chest plate that Alexios didn’t immediately recognize. He carried a black helmet tucked at his side, a sword attached to the other. Through his body, even while covered in the armor seemed fragile and weak, Alexios could sense a stronger power within the pale skinned male.
His face was hideous to look at. Scares covered most of his pale skin; the worst of which ran across the length of his forehead to his jaw. The scar obviously didn’t heal properly, so it distorted his jaw structure and forehead; causing one side to appear larger than the other. His menacing smile contorted his face even more and showed the tips of his fangs from under his top lip. His long pale blond hair fell over his shoulder.
“She will not get far.” The male whistled to the beast on its left. The creature took off in the direction of the princess.
“You,” Alexios growled as he shot out his arm. His power flowed through him and out around the three of them. The dark power created a barrier that the huge creature ran into. The force of the impact shook the ground within the barrier as the creature clawed and snarled at the invisible force. “Will not touch her,” his voice, barely above a whisper, was laced with all the dark energy within him. The other Baraqel that still stood at the armored male’s side took a few steps back.
“Fine then,” the male hissed. His anger charging the air around them, “we will kill you first... then, we will take her and make her beg for death.” The red eyed male placed his helmet on his head and withdrew his sword from his waist as the two beasts flanked his side.
“You can try.” Alexios smiled wickedly as he let his rage wash over him. He pulled the final blade from his back. With lightning fast movement he tossed it into the skull of one of the beast. Before the Baraqel had a chance to dodge the blade, it embedded itself into the creature’s skull, piercing bone and brain. The beast shrieked in pain as it dropped to the ground. “But, you will fail.”
“Kill him!” The red eyed male ordered the remaining baraqel. The beast roared as it hurled its massive body toward Alexios. Its fangs bared, claws extended intent on slicing his body in half.
Alexios was unimpressed with the beast. He briefly turned a bored gaze to the thing charging toward him. Once again, his arm flung out, power flowed out of him and hit the creature. He had already fought four of these creatures in the arena. He knew their weaknesses. Knew that the underbelly was the most vulnerable part of the thick skinned creature. His power coursed through the space between them.
It stopped in its tracks. Its eyes widened in fear as Alexios’s power coursed through its body; latching on to the beast’s dark heart. The thunderous beating of the creature’s heart reverberated through Alexios’s body. Heart beating erratically there was nothing the creature could do to save itself. With nothing more than a thought, he crushed the beast’s heart in its chest before it could take another breath. Its lifeless body fell to the ground as Alexios’s power returned to him.
“Impressive,” the last of the three spoke as he took a battle stance. “But they were weak creatures, incapable of standing against a power like yours.”
“Who are you?” Alexios asked, not that he really cared but if he knew this strange creature’s name, it might help him figure out where he had come from and who sent him.
“I am called Sod the Red Eyed Destroyer... and you will fall victim to my blade.” With that he charged.
Alexios summoned his twin blades a moment before the creature could land a solid blow. The sound of metal against metal echoed throughout the area. With his swords crossed in front of him, he blocked Sod’s downward strike. They pressed each other, testing to see who was the strongest. The power play brought them face to face. They sneered at each other, hatred shinning bright in their eyes.
“I know you,” Alexios said as he pushed his attacker back, away from him.
“Yes, you do... before the war with the great dragons, you and I danced. Crossed swords in such a fierce battle that you left this,” he brought his blade to his face to indicate the scare that covered most of his face. “I owe you, though I sense you are different now. Stronger.” He smiled fully then, fangs shining brightly in the dark. “This will be even more pleasurable than I thought. Then after I finish you, I will find that princess of yours. I will take her and show her the pleasures of eminence pain before giving her to the Warlock.”
“I... will... kill,” he couldn’t finish the sentence before power erupted from his body. He roared with its force as he charged at Sod. The need to protect his princess from this creature, amplified his power. He attacked with a ferocity that had the Red Eyed Destroyer struggling to keep his head.
“You will not touch her.” Alexios growled as he kicked the male in the stomach. The force of the kick, even with his armor, sent the creature hurling backwards into the invisible barrier. The back of his head smashed against the barrier. His prone body slid to the floor.
Alexios approached him, darkness seeping out of him as he held his swords to his sides. His glacial gaze had turned black as his body trembled with the need to release the power that coursed through him. The need for blood was too much to ignore. He licked his lips as he came to stand over the unconscious male. Red stained his vision. His bloodlust had his heart pounding in his ears.
“This time we end this,” his voice was dark and low, covered in evil intent as he placed his swords against Sod’s neck, crossed in an “X” so that decapitation would be the only option. He held them with a firm and steady grip. “Die,” just as he began to deliver the final strike that would separate the creature’s head from his body an ear piercing scream ripped through the protected barrier.
Tara...
Looking behind him, his power instantly reached out towards her distressed aura.
“Fool,” he heard Sod whisper a moment before he felt another blade being rammed into his stomach. “She is the one weakness that you cannot afford.” Before Alexios could react, Sod ran him through with his blade, twisted and pushed deeper.
“I will not fall to you,” Alexios spoke even as he felt his power begin to leave him. He dropped one of his swords so that he could grip the hilt of the sword in his body, keeping it from doing any more damage.
“Too late,” Sod said with dark menace.  He pushed the sword further despite Alexios’s effort to stop him.
Alexios hissed in pain as his insides were ripped apart. This time the blade had destroyed several important organs, but he could not fail, would not fail. As pain assaulted him, he raised his arm that still held one of his swords. His intent was to cut the monster’s head off, but Sod anticipated the move. With little effort he dodged the attack, summed a dagger and jammed it into Alexios’s neck. Blood splashed across Sod’s satisfied face as Alexios’s grip fell from his swords. Alexios’s sword dropped to the floor. Sod withdrew his blade. 
Choking on his own blood, Alexios dropped to his knees. His hands gripped the handle of the blade in his neck. Pulling, he struggled to free it from his flesh. His effort was meaningless. He lacked the strength to pull it free. Thick blood flowed freely down his hands and forearms. With his heart rate dropping to a dangerous level, he realized he had failed.
But, how… this power… The barrier around them faded. Death was quickly coming for him. It crept along his spine. Vision dimming, the last of his strength drained out of him. He collapsed to the ground. His eyes, returning to their natural color, fixed on the creature that stood over him. The male’s sword rested at his side. Blood dripped from the blade. With wicked amusement Sod lifted his blade to his mouth, his tongue running along the blade.
 “A waste of power,” with that Sod, whose lips had been stained red with blood, turned his back to the fallen warrior and vanished into the darkness.
Panic washed over Alexios as he tried to move his body. Though his mind was semi conscious of what was going on around him, his massive body was unresponsive. He had lost feeling in his legs, arms, and everywhere else. Blood continued to spill from both wounds tainting the forest floor. The stench of death closed in around him.
ALEXIOS!!!!!!!! The princess’s shrieking mental cry would be the last thing his mind would hear before cold darkness took him. His eyes shut and the weight of his failure was expelled in his final breath. Then all was still and quiet as the darkness claimed all that he was and would ever be.

She ran. Her legs pumped her as fast as they could through the dark forest. Her heart hammered in her chest as she ran through the forest in search of Balis. She needed his protection. He would protect her until Alexios came. But first, she had to make it to him. As she ran, she ignored the branches of trees that smacked her in the face. She kept moving. No matter how many times she tripped or stumbled over branches and rocks. She could not stop. Her legs burned from their over exertion.
Here, here little fairy. The dark and sinister voice echoed in Tara’s head. Instantly, her blood ran cold. She stumbled and fell to the ground, her breath leaving her in a whoosh.
There is no need to fear me. I won’t hurt you...promise. The voice had a dark laugh that chilled her to her very core. She pushed herself as quick as she could to her feet.
She was being hunted as she ran through the forest. It was a creature whose dark aura could be felt from miles away. Suddenly, it felt as if something had gripped her and was trying to slow her down. She pushed her legs faster as panic coursed through her.
Where are they? She tried to focus on the path that she had followed with Alexios. It was useless. She had taken turns in the forest that she was sure that she shouldn’t have taken. Now she was lost and her only option was to keep moving or be dinner for the creature following her. There had to be somewhere for her to hide. She couldn’t keep running, her legs wouldn’t allow her too. Each breath had become harder than the next. She tried to call upon her majick abilities, but couldn’t.
Over there! Her mind screamed to her as she saw a dark cave hole out the corner of her eye. Quickly, Tara changed direction and ran for the cave. Its entrance was narrow but she managed to squeeze through the small hole. Though the entrance to the cave was narrow, it opened into a more spacious area where she brought her knees to her chest and tried her best to quiet her breathing. The darkness was closing in around her. It suffocated her. It was a sickness that wanted to consume her. Panicked and afraid, she could do nothing but sit in the small cave and hope that whatever was after her, would not find her.
Alexios... please. She called out to him with her mind. There was no answer. Hot tears streamed down her cheeks as fear and loneliness began to consume her. Her body trembled from the darkness that was so close now that the smell of dark majick filled her nose. Holding her breath. She stilled as a shadow fell over the entrance of the cave. For a long moment the shadow remained at the entrance. Her eyes wide with fear she refused to breathe or do anything that would draw attention to herself.
It felt like an eternity passed before the shadow vanished from the entrance of the cave. For a long moment she didn’t move. Only once she felt the dark aura fading did she begin to breathe easier. Cautiously, she got on all fours and made her way out of the cave. Before she left the entrance, she once again tried to use her powers to scan the area. Unlike the last time, this time she could channel her powers. The dark power was gone. She let out a sigh of relief, the tension draining out of her. She exited the cave and rose to her feet. 
“Found,” the voice was darker in the flesh than in her head. The tall figure covered in black armor appeared before her. His face hidden by his helmet, but his green eyes shined brightly in the darkness. She stared into them and saw all the lives the creature before her had taken. All the pain and suffering of his victims played out in her mind.  Panic coursed through her body telling her to run, but fear held her immobilized. “You,” the creature smile as his green eyes blazed.
She knew she had to look away. Her life depended on it, yet, she couldn’t break free. She felt the darkness inside this being consuming her. Her vision faded and she fell to the ground as the dark power dragged her down to the very pits of the Underworld.
ALEXIOS!!! Her mind screamed for him just before she fully succumbed to the dark flames that wanted her soul.
Chapter 25

Azul, better known throughout the world of Dissida as the Green Light of Destruction, stood over his fallen prey. He had to admit that the female, one of the princesses of the Faye kingdom if he remembered correctly, was a beautiful sight. He found her particularly beautiful when her blue eyes, wide with fear and horror, stared at him in terror. As he glared down at her with mild contempt, her blonde hair splayed out against the dark ground of the forest, her breath was slow and steady as she lay unmoving at his feet.
Foolish female, he thought as he removed his black helmet from his head. His long hair tumbled free in dark waves past his shoulders; thick and heavy it stayed in place even as the cool night wind whipped around him. His black armor blended in with the darkness of the forest, making him invisible except for his pale skin, as he kneeled down beside his fallen prey. He continued to stare at her, his adrenaline rushing through his veins. The thrill of the hunt, of capturing his prey, had excited and fueled his need for conquest.
“No one escapes me,” he whispered against the blowing wind. He pushed her hair away from her face to get a better look at the female he and his brother had been sent to hunt. Though, if he was honest he was more than a little disappointed that she hadn’t been more difficult to catch, he expected her to put up more of a fight or at least find a better hiding place than a cramped cave. There had been a brief moment when he had lost her. Had she been smarter about her hiding places or continued to run she might have stood a chance of escaping him... for the moment. Yet, he had caught up to her, hunting her down as he caught the scent of her fear in the wind.
“Foolish beauty,” he continued to stare at her. Once again, he took note of her beauty. He could see why the Warlock wanted her alive. She would breed beautiful, and from what he could sense with his own power, powerful offspring. Absently his hand, slender with long black nails, caressed the side of her face with tenderness he hadn’t thought himself capable of. Again, he recalled her blue eyes as they had widened in fear at the first sight of him. The absolute horror that he had seen in them thrilled him, yet, there was a small part of him that was bothered by it. He frowned, puzzled by his reaction. Why did it bother him that she feared him… or that all females feared him?
Was there something inside him that wanted at least one female to see pass the terror reflected in his glowing gaze and see the lost soul that he was? He quickly yanked his hand away from her face. With a fierce growl, he rose and turned away from her. He had no time for those thoughts, thoughts that have plagued him for years. He was a killer, cold hearted with a black soul. He had no time for emotions or feelings. All he needed was blood on his sword and death at his fingertips. He looked back behind himself. He had a task that needed to be completed. Squaring his shoulders, he let his dark power consume him. He turned to the fallen princess.
I have no time to wallow in petty emotions He told himself as he bent down and lifted the princess up. He tossed her over one of his broad shoulders. He made sure he placed her just right so that the sharp point in his armor didn’t cut into her flesh.
“Are you ready?” he heard his brother’s all too familiar voice from behind him.
“Have you taken care of the warrior?” he asked, cold and emotionless, without turning to face his blood thirsty brother.
“It is done.”
“Let us move then. The Red Sun will be high in the air soon.” With that, he headed into the forest, towards the Faye palace that sat off in the distance. The quicker he gave the power crazed male what he wanted the sooner he and Azul could be done with it and leave the Eastern Lands behind them.

Sod, the Red Eyed Destroyer, watched his twin walk off into the forest, with suspicious eyes. He knew something was wrong with his older sibling, he just couldn’t figure out what. As of late Azul took less and less joy in murder and bloodshed. Now it was as if his dear brother had lost his drive to make the slightest kill. For a being like Sod, his brother’s disinterest was a real problem. There was nothing Sod loved more than the sound of terrified screams as his sword cut through flesh. He lived for plundering towns, sometimes two and three a night.
When was the last time he had a good kill? He didn’t count the warrior that fell to his blade. That had been more of a personal vendetta than fun. Besides the warrior, Sod couldn’t remember the last time his sword had tasted blood. Now that it had been revitalized it craved more.
“I will put an end to this,” he said out loud as he started after Azul, picking up his brother’s discarded helmet along the way.

The wind howled outside the palace walls. The suns had set and night had consumed the Kingdom. There was an illusionary calm that surrounded the kingdom as Alickul, the one and only offspring of the Warlock, stood in the center of a pentagram in his father’s guest room in the palace. His eyes closed as he stretched his arms out to his sides. He channeled the dark powers around him. The amount of dark energy that surrounded the palace provided a limitless supply of power to him. It surged through his veins as he began to chant. The fresh scent of spilled blood filled the air around him as he called forth the darkest powers of his soul. He ignored the scent of the young female’s blood as her corpse lay at his feet. She had been a necessary sacrifice. He had needed pure blood to create a pentagram barrier that would be strong enough to communicate with the power he now summoned.
The pentagram began to glow brightly underneath him. Its light illuminated the entire room in an eerie crimson glow. As his chant grew more dramatic in tempo, power surged through him. As he chanted, his words and power reaching the darkest places of the palace.
Why have you summoned me? The ancient power’s voice echoed in Alickul’s mind. He had thought his power substantial, but the power he felt now eclipsed his and much more. Even though the ancient darkness lacked a physical form, its sheer power emitted a darkness that would send the greatest black majick user running.
For a moment, Alickul questioned his sanity for summoning a power that he knew he couldn’t control. Even though he had sensed the power’s presence when the Warlock had spoken to him in the chambers, he had not been physically present. Now that he stood before the power, fear began to snake through his body.
The female approaches.
Good. Bring her to me when she arrives. Just as quickly as the power appeared it vanished. Immediately the tension drained out of his body. Slowly he lowered his arms, calmed the majick power inside of him as the light faded from the pentagram. He stepped over the corpse at his feet and walked over to the open window of the room. The wind combed through his hair as he listened to the world around him.
He felt more than heard the twins as they approached. Their dark power radiated from each of them like homing beacons, letting him know the very moment the pair entered the boundaries of the castle. He saw two figures emerge from the thick forest that surrounded the back of the palace. One held a small body over its shoulder. He watched, with slight interest, as the figures disappeared as quickly as they had appeared. Though he couldn’t see them at the moment he knew they were quickly making their way to him. Their speed was renowned through the world just as much as their bloodlust. That was why he had chosen them, out of all the trackers and assassins that resided in the darkness. He wasn’t a fool. He had known that Alexios protected the princess, as well as his commander and a mystery female. He knew that if he wanted to capture the princess and bring her back to him it was going to take more than brute strength to get her. The twins held a speed and stealth that rivaled any assassin or army. That included the great army of the Faye King.
A dark smile crept across his face as he pictured the brutal deaths of the warriors. He was somewhat disappointed that he had missed it, especially after the destruction they caused to his arena and precious beasts.
We have the female. He heard one of the twins voices in his head. He wasn’t sure which one it was since their voices resembled each other. Only when a pair of red eyes appeared in front of him did he know that Sod, the Destroyer, was the one who spoke to him. He took a few steps away from the window to allow the pair to enter the room. He watched as Sod climbed through the window first. With little effort he lifted himself over and landed silently in the room. Alickul watched him with careful eyes as he moved away from the window and walked to the other side of the room. He watched the assassin as he took in the corpse of the female servant. Then his red gaze took in the pentagram that surrounded her body. He brought his gaze to Alickul and shook his head.
“You have no idea of the power you are playing with,” another voice caught his attention. He turned his attention to the window just in time to see Azul leap into the room with the princess draped over his shoulder. “You and your father should know better than to toy with powers you have no control over,” he said as he took in the pentagram on the floor and the female’s lifeless body. “You should have more respect for the dead,” this time when he spoke his green eyes blazed. There was fury in his tone that had Alickul taking a few steps away from him.
“Azul, just drop the female off so we can get paid and be on our way,” Sod spoke from a corner in the room.

Azul started at the pathetic excuse for a wizard in front of him. He knew by the male’s sudden pale expression that his eyes blazed with the fury that now coursed through him.
Calm down, brother. We want no part in what they are doing. He heard Sod’s voice inside his head. As much as he wanted to take his siblings advice, he found it hard to do. His gaze traveled back to the young female that lay in the center of the pentagram. Rage continued to travel through him as the last glimpses of her life played in his mind. He felt her fear, tasted her blood in his mouth as she struggled to breathe. He saw the wizard’s joy as darkness consumed her. But it was the lingering memory of forbidden pain that truly fueled his anger. He looked at the being in front of him with disgust. Cloaked from head to toe in a robe that hid his frail body the wizard had the sense to put space between them. Though he wasn’t against sacrifices, not by a long shot, because in truth, he also enjoyed the satisfaction he received from watching the life drain out of his victims. He had never violated the body the way this male had.
Azul, calm down. You are scaring the small wizard. Control your temper. We cannot afford for you to mess this up.
His brother was right. Too much was at stake for him to lose his temper and destroy the entire palace and the innocent beings within it. With great effort he calmed his temper, caged the dark power inside him that wanted out and looked back at the male in front of him.
“Here is your princess,” his voice strained as he struggled to control his rage. He gently removed the princess from his shoulder. He held her in his arms, her blonde hair covered her face from his view. For a brief moment he questioned his actions.
Azul. He heard his brother impatient tone in his head. We must leave, we are running out of time.
”I am sorry princess,” he whispered to her as he placed her on the ground. When he rose back to his feet, he met his brother’s red stare and saw the questioning in them.
What is going on with you?
Ignoring his brother’s question, he turned his attention back to the male in front of him. “Now give us what you have promised, immunity in the Western Mountains and access to the Wizard’s temple.”
“As promised,” the male reached for something in his cloak. Azul and Sod raised a brow as he pulled out a piece of parchment. “This will grant you access to those areas and whatever else you seek,” he tossed the papers at Azul, who caught them in midair.
“Well,” Sod questioned.
Azul untied the string that held the parchment closed. Unrolling it his gaze quickly skimmed over its contents. Once he was done, he rolled up the parchment and tied it back. Without looking at his brother, he tossed him the parchment, which he too caught in midair, and turned his attention once again to the male before him. Before he spoke, he took a moment to take in the male from head to toe. It was clear to him that the being in front of him was part Sappling, which explained his need for violating the dead. His physical form was frail and could easily be broken, but the power that he was able to wield made up for his lacking physical appearance.
Azul admitted to himself that the power, the male held was great, but it was not enough to control the power that lived within the palace. That power he felt long before he reached the palace grounds. Even now as he stood in the palace he could feel it as it called out to be released.
“We can leave…” he turned his back from the male and the sleeping princess. His brother was by his side in an instant, and then he vanished over the ledge of the window. “Remember what I told you, wizard. That power cannot be controlled. Not by you or the other one.” With that, he leapt from the window and after his brother.
Farewell princess.
Chapter 26

This was it. This was the end of his life. He never thought he would die, not like this. Not lying on a forest floor in a pool of his blood. He had always thought he would be killed in the heat of battle. He had not anticipated this. As he fell through the darkness of his soul, he screamed at the top of his lungs, but no sound came out. His arms flailed wildly as he desperately tried to latch on to something, anything, that would keep him from falling deeper into the dark abyss. There was nothing... but darkness.
I’ve failed… the kingdom… the king... her. With those last thoughts, a cold darkness claimed Alexios. A single tear fell from his cheek. He could no longer feel the ground beneath him. He no longer felt the warmth of his blood as it flowed from his neck. He felt nothing but total emptiness. There was a dark void where his soul used to be. As he continued to fall through the darkness, he felt something telling him that it was not too late. He had not failed in his duties, there was still hope for him to save his beloved princess, to save the kingdom, and to avenge his mother. Something was there… tugging at the void. It would not let him accept death, even as she waited patiently for him with open arms.
Princess? His departed soul called out for her. He needed to tell her that he was sorry, apologize because he failed to protect her. Her death would be on his hands. His soul wept.
How could I have let this happen? I was supposed to protect her. His thoughts continued even as he knew his life was over. Just as he felt death wrap her arms around him and begin to pull him to her cold bosom he hit the ground. His body crashed against the hard surface hard enough to crack the ground beneath him. He groaned in pain, a pain that he didn’t expect to feel, as he slowly pried his eyes open. It took several moments for his eyes to adjust to the bright light of the area around him. His arms were heavy. Try as he might, he was unable to lift them. He tried to lift his legs next, but they too refused to move.
What happened? He thought as his eyes took in the area around him. Three Suns, similar to those that circled his world, shinned high above him. They're different colors of orange, blue, and purple bathed the sky above him a beautiful color that he couldn’t adequately describe. Sunrise, sunset, and midnight colors danced above him. The sounds of small animals drew his attention from the sky. With what little strength he had, he turned his head to the side. A thick forest of trees, greener than the ones found in the land of the Elves surrounded him on both sides. Though it hurt him, he inhaled deeply and let the fresh scent of the wild calm his broken soul.
“Son.”
Alexios tensed at the sound of the Faye god’s voice. He struggled to move his body, tried to turn over onto his stomach, in an effort to crawl away, but he remained pinned where he was. His head swam with dizziness as the suns that moments ago, he thought beautiful, beamed down on him. He cursed under his breath.
“We need to talk.” The god’s voice thundered through the space around him. Unable to move, Alexios’s gaze continued to scan the wilderness around him. Though he didn’t see the old god, he felt his presence. There had settled a heavy silence over the area, even the wind had stopped its gentle breeze. Once again, there was an urgency that tugged at Alexios. It was the same feeling he had felt as he fell through the darkness.
 “I will not release you until you have agreed to speak with me,” the voice echoed again throughout the space.
I do not have time for this. He told himself. He struggled more against the force. I have to get to her. She was all that mattered.
“If you wish to save the female you love, you will listen to me,” though Alexios noted the hint of anger in the god’s voice he continued to fight. “BE STILL!” The voice suddenly boomed with anger. A few creatures flew from the trees in fear of the god’s wrath. Immediately Alexios stopped fighting against the power that held him down. Slowly the force began to lift. He was now able to lift his arms slightly above the ground. It hadn’t been much, but it had been enough to let him know that the force that held him was stronger than he had originally thought.
“I will free you once you have agreed to listen to me. You cannot escape until I say so. The more you struggle the less time you have to save the female.”
Alexios stilled completely. Now the god had his attention. He wasn’t a fool and knew that whatever the being had to say was of grave importance. With his female’s life in danger he was willing to push his sour feelings aside… this once. 
“Do you agree?” The god asked as the force that held Alexios’s head down disappeared.
With reluctance Alexios nodded his head in agreement as the rest of the force was lifted. Instantly each breath became easier and less like a boulder was sitting on his chest. For a moment Alexios didn’t move, mainly because he felt that if he rushed to sit up he would fall right back down. He waited until his head stopped spinning before he sat up. He massaged his temples as his blood flowed back through his body.
Another clear sign that I am not dead… I guess that’s a good thing. He told himself, though at the moment it didn’t feel like it.
“The feeling will wear off in a moment.”
Alexios frowned in his hands as a shadow fell over him. The god’s voice almost sounded normal, less thunderous. Slowly, Alexios looked up at the male god that stood before him. Once again, just like when he first saw the god, he was amazed by how identical they looked. They possessed the same masculine features, strong chin, square jaw, thick brows, and crocked nose. Their bodies were both muscular and extremely well defined, though Alexios had earned his through his long hours of training and fighting on the battlefield. He figured Bozark was created that way.
However, there were subtle differences between them. Alexios stood an inch or so over six feet five inches. Bozark toward over him by more than a foot and stared down at him with mildly amused gray eyes. Where Bozark’s hair fell in short golden brown layers, Alexios’s took after his mother. He possessed his mother’s silky black hair that fell in long layers just below his shoulder. He inherited her blue eyes that held everyone who saw them captivated. He also possessed her strong will and ambition. Though, there was no doubt in his mind who he received his temper from.
“So, this is what it feels like to be dead,” was his smart remark as he pushed himself to his feet. His head still spun, but he felt a lot steadier on his feet than on his ass.
“No, death is much worse.”
“Then, where am I?” Alexios demanded. When his father offered no reply, instead turning his back and walking away, it took everything Alexios had not to lash out at him. Rage coursed through him. It was like hot fire in his veins. Because of Bozark, because the Faye god constantly turned his back on those he loved. His mother had been abandoned and left alone to die.
Any male who truly loved his mate and family would have been there. Had he showed up at any point that night there was a chance his mother would still be alive.
“I am truly sorry for the pain you have endured. Your mother did not deserve the death she received, but she knew from the moment you were conceived that her life would have a tragic end.” Bozark spoke as he stood with his back towards Alexios. “She knew that if she kept you the events that followed would lead to her own destruction. She even saw how she would die. She knew…” The god sounded wounded. His voice even held a regret that enraged Alexios even more.
“She knew,” Alexios growled under his breath, “she knew.” His body shook with the weight of his pain, of his hurt, of all the loneliness he ever felt in his life. “Is that your version of a justified reason to abandon the one female who loved you above all else and your defenseless youngling.” Though his voice remained low it was laced with malice and evil intent. His vision had long ago turned red with the need for vengeance. It took every ounce of training he had to control himself. To not let lose the dark power that flowed through him.
 
Bozark remained quiet for a long moment. The heated words of his offspring cut him deep. Not because of what he said, nor was it the way that it was said; but rather because it was the truth. The weight of his grief and guilt weighed heavily on him. It was a weight that he had carried with him for more years than he could count. With each passing year, as he watched his offspring grow into a male of exceptional power, it grew harder for him to face the deeds of his past. It had been easier for him to pretend that Ma’Laura, Alexios’s mother, had been prepared, had known and accepted her fate. Then it was for him to accept that had he stepped in sooner she would still be alive. She would still be in his arms. He would still be able to taste her lips. Touch her warm flesh.
Yes, it was much easier for the god of the Faye to pretend she had let him go, scarified herself, to protect him, than it was for him to face the fact that he had abandoned her and his son when they needed him the most.
As he stood in the presence of his offspring, a male who was as much a part of him as he was his mother, he could no longer hide from the truth of his actions. He had known this moment would come. He knew that one day he would have to answer for what he had done, yet he still wasn’t prepared. As one that possessed the Ancient Bloodline of the gods, he should have known better than to involve himself with a female, especially Ma’Laura. He could still hear the other gods warning in his head. They had told him to leave, to walk away before it was too late and his actions altered the course of the world. He had listened to them at the time, vowing that he would never seek the female out to find out if the rumors of her power and beauty were true. Even as he spoke the words, made the vow, he knew in his heart that he wouldn’t keep his promise.
“Listen to what we are telling you, Bozark. If you go after her, you will bring her nothing but despair.” Tilamar, the Ancient Wizard and his closest friend warned him as he reclined lazily in his oversized throne chair with his feet hanging over the arm rest. The other Ancients had long ago retired and headed back to their respective domains within Dissida. Bozark remained behind to continue their conversation with his old friend. 
“If only your followers could see you.” Bozark remarked as he watched his friend pick dirt from under his fingernails. 
“I resent the meaning behind that comment,” the wizard replied as he continued to clean his nails.
“You only resent the comment because it is true.”
Bozark smirked as a pair of steel gray eyes narrowed on him.
Bozark shrugged dismissively, not like it mattered to him. He perched himself on the windowsill. As he stared out over the thick clouds that hid Tilamar’s temple from mortal eyes, he wondered what his Lerned was doing at that moment. Could she feel him searching for her? Did she know that he was coming for her?
“No matter,” Tilamar’s voice drew Bozark’s attention. He watched as the wizard swung his legs off the armrest to the floor. He rubbed, what Bozark assumed was the remaining dirt and whatever else he had taken from under his nails, on his royal blue robe. “Back to the matter at hand,” he pushed himself from his seat; his robs falling loosely to the floor. He walked over to where Bozark sat. For a moment they both gazed out over the clouds.
“You have already seen what is to come,” Bozark asked finally breaking the heavy silence between them. He waited for a moment for Tilamar’s response but received none. He took the god’s silence as a yes. “Then so be it,” with a heavy sigh, he pushed himself from the windowsill and walked away from the resigned wizard.
“I have seen,” Tilamar’s voice, dropping an octave with its forbidding, resonated through the massive room. “The fate of those who you have yet to meet, of those who are yet to be born and taste life, of all that is living now… their fates are tied to yours. The next choice you make will bring about a change that not even we, the Ancients, are prepared for.”
For a long while Bozark stood before the doors of the throne room, letting Tilamar’s words and warning sink into his head. A dark and heavy weight settled on his shoulders.
“Choose wisely my brother,” was the last thing he would hear from the wizard. Words filled with despair, regret, and disappointment echoed in his head.
“Forgive me, my brother,” with those last words uttered he yanked open the doors of the throne room. He walked away from the closest being to him to play the role that destiny had decided for him. Not even he, the great Faye god, was immune to the ties of fate.
That had been hundreds of years ago, yet, he still remembered that day clearly in his mind. While his actions brought about more chaos and destruction than he could have ever imagined, he could not bring himself to regret his decision. He could not regret every touch and soft word whispered from her plum mouth to his needy ears. No, of all the regrets that was not one of them.
“I loved your mother more than I have loved anything else in this world,” he told the enraged warrior before him. The male’s anger radiated off of him and seeped into the deepest parts of Bozark’s soul. He couldn’t blame the male for wanting to lash out at him. “You’re right… it is my fault that your mother was killed. I could have stepped in and saved her… saved you from all the pain you have endured. Yet, I chose to remain silent and let the two of you suffer.” He paused, saw something in his son’s features soften, then he continued, “I will forever hold the weight of my actions on my shoulders and maybe one day you will be able to forgive me, but until then we have much to do. You cannot spend any more time in this realm. You must return and save the female you love.” He turned from him then. It was time for him to go, there were other matters and perpetrations to be made.
“How do I return?”
“The power you have inside you. The power that causes bloodlust to course through your system, that power you must embrace. Let it flow through you and you can restore your own life force to your body… do not make the same mistake I made.” With that Bozark vanished, leaving Alexios’s staring at the empty space he had once occupied.
Chapter 27

“Enough!” Balis roared as he pushed back his foe. His sword was caught between the snarling beast’s teeth as it tried to thoroughly rip his arm from his body. He could hear the other beast as it charged from behind him. They intended on splitting him in half and having him as a late night snack.
Not today. His wings exploding out of his back, he propelled himself in the air. With enough force he was able to snatch his sword from the beast’s mouth just before the other could reach him. From the air, he watched in dark amusement as the two creatures collided and went tumbling to the ground. As the beast tore into each other in an enraged frenzy, Balis turned his attention to the armored Sappling that stood, unmoving, in the thickness of the trees. Balis perched himself on a high tree branch, being careful not to put his full weight on the branch, so he could study his enemy more closely.
What’s going on? Balis thought as the snarls of the fighting beasts echoed in the air around them. He watched with intense interest as the Sappling began to advance towards the fighting beast. The Sappling’s head turned to the trees where Balis sat, then back to the two creatures who were now on their feet and squaring off with each other, clearly unaware of the danger that was moving in on them.
What is he doing? Balis wondered as he continued to observe from the trees.

The Sappling gave no particular interest to the warrior in the trees, for the moment, as he approached the rabid creatures. Oh, how he despised these creatures that weren’t capable of thinking past their own blood craving. As he stood a few feet away from them, watching as they charged at each other again, he understood why the giant, stupid beasts, were almost extinct. Too wrapped up in their own battle, they couldn’t sense the danger that lurked so close to them. They were oblivious to the death that awaited them as the armored Sappling raised his swords with a sadistic smirk on his hidden lips.

The Sappling’s attack happened so quick that Balis’s mind had a hard time processing what he had just seen. One minute the Sappling was standing quietly behind the beast and the next he was on the opposite side of them, crouched with his head down. Duel blades stretched out at his sides. Carefully, Balis turned his attention to the Baraqel, who had suddenly ceased their fighting. It seemed that the creatures also had a hard time realizing that death had delivered its fatal blow. From his vantage point in the trees, he could see the black blood that flowed from the beasts’ bellies to the forest floor. Without a sound Balis watched, impressed with his opponents skill, as their grotesque fur covered bodies split in two. Their yellow eyes lifeless in their surprise as their remains fell to the ground. With the Baraqel dead, Balis returned his attention to the Sappling, who now stood staring directly at him.
Balis pulled his wings back into his body, sheathed his sword and leapt from his tree perch. He landed, softly for a male of his size, in front of the armored Sappling. Slowly rising to his feet, his silver gaze fixed on his enemy. Standing face to face with the Sappling, he sensed that there was something different about this creature. Though he was sure the creature in front of him was a Sappling, no doubt sent by the Warlock to kill them, there was still something different about it. Standing toe to toe with the creature, Balis was able to stare directly into its eyes. The only feature that was visible behind the armor. Its’ cold eyes pierced into Balis’s soul.
“Who sent you?” he asked the creature as he took in the armor it wore. Shock gripped him as he placed the metal of the armor. His eyes widened briefly as he caught sight of the all too familiar crest engraved into the breastplate. The golden wings of Vasuki, the deceased Dragon King, shinned brightly in the darkness of the forest. 
Impossible. Yet, there was no denying the armor was from the realm of the Dragon King. It was the only armor in the realm of Dissida that was made from Osmiumik. It was a rare metal, able to sustain any type of damage from any blade or force of the blow. The only weapon known to be able to crack the indestructible armor was a dragon’s claw. Balis knew the only place that could forge weaponry and armor from the osmiumik was the Lair of the Dragon Blacksmith deep in the volcanic mountains of Dragnet.
Balis almost shuddered at the memories that tried to consume him. Dragnet was a place that still haunted his dreams, a world that was formed from the hellfire breath of the ancient dragons. It was a forbidden land and well past the realm of the Ancient Gods. In Dragnet, it was the Dragon King that ruled, his word was law and none opposed him. At least that’s how it had been, long before the war that changed everything. The only beings that were allowed into the now deserted land were those who possessed the blood of the king. Only his decedents were allowed to pass through the veil that shielded Dragnet and the last of the dragon race.
A Sappling, who held no more of the king’s dragon blood than Balis had Sappling blood, could not enter no matter the circumstance. So how could this one Sappling be in possession of armor that, Vasuki, himself had worn?
“Who are you?” he asked once more as the metallic scent of the slain Baraqel’s blood spread through the air around them. For a long moment there was a heavy silence between them. In that silence a dark sensation kept over Balis. His body tensed as the Sappling sheathed his swords behind his back. Even with the creature’s deadly weapons tucked away, Balis did not relax. He was no fool, he knew, had seen firsthand how dangerously quick this Sappling was. If it decided to attack, he had to be ready.
The Sappling cocked its head to the side, as if it didn’t understand what Balis was saying. As Balis went to repeat himself, he caught sight of the creature’s hand twitching a moment before it attacked. The creature’s dual blades came at him with a quickness that made it hard for him to protect himself. Again and again the creature struck each strike more forceful and accurate then the last.
What kind of Sappling was this? He thought as he blocked a side swipe that would have taken his head. The sound of clashing blades echoed through the forest as Balis struggled to keep the blades away from his neck.
“Why do you struggle,” the creature spoke from behind the helmet. Its voice sent a dark forbidding down Balis’s spine. “In the end it will all end the same. You will fail. You will die.”
“I may one day,” he blocked another attack. Their swords clashed again. This time Balis blocked a vertical slice that would have split him in half. Once again, his arms strained from the force of the blow. “But not today,” with a surge of power he pushed the Sappling away from him. He had to keep the creature off balance if he had any hope of surviving this fight. Reaching into the depths of his rage, Balis attacked the Sappling with a ferocity that drove the male back.
For a long while they fought each other, inflicting damage, but missing any vital spots, until they were deadlocked again. Their arms strained as both fighters struggled to keep the other from gaining the upper hand. Balis breaths were harsh as he tried to control his erratic heartbeat.
The Sappling had grown tired as well. Its attacks weren’t as quick or as accurate as they had been. Its chest expanded rapidly with its breathing behind the armor. With a growl of pure frustration, Balis pushed harder against his opponent’s swords. The Sappling did the same, refusing to budge. A low hiss came from behind the helmet. Before he could react, Balis felt his feet leave from under him. He hit the ground hard, the air leaving his lungs. For a moment his vision blurred. Blinking rapidly, the world came back into focus. He looked up to find the Sappling standing over him, its blades at his throat.
“Who are you?” Balis croaked.
The creature once again cocked its helmet covered head to the side.
“Who-” Balis groaned as a piercing pain made its way through his body.
He looked down to find one of the Sappling’s blade embedded in his stomach. With its free hand, the Sappling lifted the vise of his helmet and Balis found himself staring at an all too familiar pair of dead blue eyes and a face he thought he would never see again. Pain washed over Balis as the creature pushed the sword deeper into his stomach. His vision swam with black spots.
This is not good.
“Balis…”
Gods, he knew that voice. He didn’t think he would ever hear it again and certainly not here… not now.
“Sotem,” he groaned as another slice of pain went through him. His lids became heavy as darkness closed in around him. He was going to pass out soon. His limp body would be at the mercy of his enemy. That was something he couldn’t let that happen. Even so, he could not fight the darkness that wanted him. Before he knocked out and fell into the depths of oblivion, Sotem’s answer to his question reached his ears. What he said made Balis’s blood run cold in his veins.

“He must be crazy,” Misty grumbled to herself as she ducked a low hanging tree branch. She couldn’t forget the feel of his lips pressed against hers no matter how hard she tried. His grip on her waist, the way he pressed his body into hers… his firm muscles against her flesh. It was enough to send her desire into overdrive. He was a decadent combination of rugged warrior and tender lover. The more space she put between them the better. At least it would be if every fiber in her being wasn’t screaming for her to turn back. To walk back into his arms and calm the fire that was raging between her legs. Never in her life had she felt such strong desire for a male.
Sex for her had never been about pleasure. The thrill, the notion of an orgasm, something that she heard females had when they reached their sexual peak, eluded her. She had never had one. Her mind couldn’t fathom the idea of a male catering to her every desire. In the world she grew up in, the world she was tossed into, sex was a matter of survival, not pleasure or fun. Her body’s reaction to the male baffled her. It scared her, but most of all it weakened her. In his arms she turned to mush, depended on him, needed him to…
It doesn’t matter. She told herself. She couldn’t afford for it to matter. Not with so much at stake. A kingdom rested on her shoulders and her abilities. Alexios needed her…
A sudden feeling of loss consumed her, so heavy that she almost fell to her knees and wept.
What… Alexios? She reached for his presence. Hoping the despair she felt was nothing more than her imagination playing tricks on her.
Alexios? Nothing, she couldn’t feel his presence. All that greeted her was a deafening silence.
“Gods, no,” tears stung her eyes. She swayed. Quickly, she stretched her arm out, looking for support against the nearest tree. “No… no… no, no, no!” Over and over she repeated as her free hand wiped the tears that fell freely from her eyes. Her heart broke inside her chest. Unable to stand any longer, she sunk down to her knees. Her hands ripped out her hair. Pain, disbelief, and rage boiled over inside of her. A scream ripped from her throat. She screamed until she couldn’t anymore. A cold numbness settled in the pit of her stomach.
“I must find him,” she had to. Weakly Misty pushed herself to her feet; her legs feeling as if they would give out at any moment. As much as she wanted to curl into a ball and cry she couldn’t. With deep, collecting breaths, she reached out with her majick. She searched for him, for any lingering pieces of his soul. She frowned. There had to be something left of him. A piece of his soul would linger behind until his body was laid to rest. Yet, she still felt nothing. No traces of him.

 “This can’t be happening,” again she reached out. Praying that she would find him, no matter what condition he was in.
“Come on...come on...”
 There was a slight tug on her power; a lingering soul that was struggling to hold on to its last breath. Instantly she was on her feet, racing in the direction she had just come from.
Alexios...? 
No, this presence she felt was not Alexios. The darkness that consumed him wasn’t present.
Balis... yes, it was him. She would know his glowing presence anywhere. She was drawn to him like no other.
Instantly, she took off. Her legs pushed her, carrying her over fallen tree branches. Her lungs burned. All she could do was pray that she reached him in time. She ran until the trees began to thin. As the forest trees became fewer and fewer, she could make out two figures. She caught a glimpse of Balis’s hulking figure as it dropped to the ground.

Sotem stood over his opponent’s unconscious body. He had completed his mission and needed to leave. His goal had been to distract Balis long enough for the Faye god to get his message across to his offspring. The ancient power hadn’t wanted to be interrupted, something about father-son bonding. Whatever, not like Sotem really cared. His father had long ago abandoned him and his mother. He didn’t care if he ever saw the beast again.
“You should have stayed,” the battle cry pierced his ears before he saw her. She came at him with quick and precise movements that forced him away from his prey. Her blades clashed against his, the sound echoing through the darkness. Her strength impressed him, but not as much as her beauty. Her red hair was like flames in the darkness that moved beautifully in the wind with her movements as she continued her assault on him. Her green eyes sparked with fury as he caught one of her hands. She growled in outrage and attacked with her free hand. He caught her hand in his just before the blade reached his throat.  He twisted her arms behind her back and pulled her body to his. Her scent consumed him. It took every ounce of strength he had not to close his eyes and savor it. The more she struggled against him the more his body hardened under his armor.
“You will pay for what you have done.” Her promise of vengeance amused him as she continued to struggle against his hold. She was a feisty one. Strong, clearly she had been fighting her entire life. But no matter how strong she was, she would not escape his grip. “I will kill each and every one of your kind.”
He arched a brow at her words. Dark amusement filled him as even darker memories threatened to consume him.
His kind? He would love to see her try and do that. He was the only one left of his kind and he had no intention of dying anytime soon.
“All Sapplings deserve to die,” her struggles had become less. A shame really cause he had been enjoying the feeling of her bottom as it rubbed against the only part of him that wasn’t covered completely in armor. “I hate you all.”
Yes, that much was clear, but he was no Sappling. He hated the creatures as well, and despised the fact he had been ordered to change his appearance to look like one. A sudden sharp pain sliced through him. His grip loosened on her and she was able to free herself. The kick to his stomach came swift and hard. The force was strong enough that not only did he feel it though his armor, but he was sent flying backwards into the nearest tree.
Sotem groaned as he pushed himself back to his feet. He cursed the pain that he felt. There was no doubt about it, at least one of his ribs were broken. However, he would have to attend to himself when he wasn’t being attacked by a beautiful foe. He straightened himself in time to dodge her blade. Decapitation was not a death he welcomed. His pain faded as he faced her again. Her chest expanded rapidly in an effort to regain control over her breathing.
“You waste your time,” he finally spoke. He prayed, that in her blind fury she wouldn’t notice that his voice wasn’t that of a Sappling. But, judging by the way her entire body went ridged and her eyes widened, he figured that was too late.
“You aren’t a Sappling… what are you?” He noticed the grip of her blades tightened. 
“That is none of your concern,” he dismissed her and turned his attention to the warrior on the ground. “Tend to the warrior. My job is done,” he gave her one last once over before he vanished from her sight and back to the Faye god’s palace.

Misty didn’t have time to wonder who the armor clad warrior was. All that mattered was saving Balis. She rushed to the fallen warrior’s side. Her swords vanishing from her hands, she knelt down beside him. The scent of spilled blood wrapped around her. Surveying the damage the armored warrior had caused, she counted many of the cuts minimal. The real problem was the sword that had made itself home in his body. She had to get the sword free, but she didn’t know if that was the wisest course of action given the other cuts he had sustained.
I have to heal these first. Then I can focus on the sword. Stretching her hands over his body, she closed her eyes. Channeling a small amount of power, she healed his minor cuts and bruises. Though she could still feel him holding on to his life, the joy she felt when she saw his chest move was indescribable. Even though he was taking shallow breaths, it was enough. She could work with that. Slowly, little by little, his grip on life strengthened.
Now… She looked back at the sword protruding from his stomach. The real problem. “Hold on for me, warrior,” she spoke, knowing he could hear her. She rose to her feet. Her power coursing through her, she gripped the hilt of the sword. She tugged on it softly at first to see how far it went. When the weapon didn’t move her suspicions were confirmed. It went through his body and into the forest floor. Removing the sword was going to be more difficult than she thought. She had to pull it out in one fluid pull or she would hit something vital.
Taking a deep breath, she gripped the handle of the sword firmly with both hands. “This is going to hurt,” with that, she yanked the sword out of the ground and freed it from his body. It was the clean pull she needed, but the increased blood loss was not. Quickly, she discarded the sword and dropped to her knees. Once again, she stretched her hands above the wound and summoned her majick. Her power flowed out of her and into him. As she healed him, watching his skin knot back together, she couldn’t stop the relief the flooded through her. His life was no longer in danger and she no longer had any worry about losing the one male that made her feel desire. When he lifted his lids and she was able to look into his silver eyes she let out a breath.

Balis didn’t know what pleased him more, the fact that he wasn’t dead with his own sword sticking out of his body or the fact that he woke up to Misty’s beautifully concerned covered face. He thanked the gods it was still night time as he pushed himself up on his elbows. The fact that she had worried about him made his heart do a little flutter thing, that had him blushing.
He groaned in pain as his newly healed muscles and skin stretched with his movements.
“Easy there,” he allowed himself to enjoy the feel of her hands against his back as she helped him sit up. Her hands were rough, callused from being in constant battle, but it didn’t bother him. He was never the soft and dainty kind. While he appreciated the soft curves of a female, he preferred his females rough and able to handle him. There was no doubt in his mind that Misty would take him on a wild ride.
“Thank you,” he croaked out. Gods, his throat was dry.
“Don’t let that happen again warrior,” she removed her hands. Immediately, he missed the feel of them against his back, but he was much happier when she stood in front of him barely covered. The image of her naked flashed through his mind and he bit back a groan. Now was not the time for him to be fanaticizing about burying himself deep inside her. Another groan and he cursed. He needed to focus. He needed to find Alexios. If he had been attacked, then he could be sure Alexios had been as well.
He swallowed hard as he made his way to his feet. In less pain, thanks to his natural healing abilities, he walked over to where his sword lay, still covered in his blood, and picked it up.
Sotem. The image of the being, that he had once called friend, running him through with his own sword burned in his mind.
“Balis, we must move,” she was beside him now, watching him as he stared at his sword. “I can no longer feel Alexios… we must find him.”
Yes, they had to find him. If they had any hope of saving the Faye, Alexios needed to be found. Balis pushed his thoughts to the side and focused on the mission at hand. He sheathed his sword and faced Misty.
Gods, she is a magnificent creature. There went that desire he couldn’t fight against again. “He and Tara are by the lake.” With that, he ran past her, hoping she couldn’t see the erection pressing through his pants and headed in the direction of the lake. As he ran a feeling of dread consumed him, so thick that he could hardly breathe. With Misty right behind him, he pushed his legs faster and ran until the scent of blood hit him.
No! His mind screamed. He feared what he would see as he began to reach the clearing of the lake. The stench of death hung in the area. As they cleared the trees and reached the lake, both Balis and Misty froze at the sight before them.
There he lay, a few feet from the thicket of trees, in a pool of his own blood. Lifeless, Misty’s agonized scream mimicked the one he held inside as he rushed to his friend’s side. When they reached him, Misty dropped to her knees, tears streaming like rivers down her face. She cradled his head in her lap. Sobbing as she rocked back and forth, ignoring the blood that now coated her body.
Balis watched the scene in disbelief. He never thought he’d see the day when Alexios would… denial so profound, filled Balis that he refused to accept what he was seeing.
“The Warlock,” Misty’s broken voice pierced Balis ears. He met her heated gaze.
“He will die,” Balis vowed. The need for vengeance consumed him, but he knew he couldn’t rush off to kill the Warlock. If the old being could get to Alexios, there was no telling what was going on at the palace. He would have to plan a course of attack.
“We must bury him… so his soul can be at peace.” Misty said as she placed their fallen leader’s head gently on the ground. A tear fell from her face and landed on his cheek. If Alexios death wasn’t motivation enough, Misty’s pain was. He rose to his feet as did Misty. There was no need for them to use tools to dig a hole. Their majick took care of the job. Within moments, they were laying Alexios’s cold body in the forest ground. As Balis covered him with dirt, Misty whispered a soft prayer in a language that Balis hadn’t heard before. Once the last of the dirt covered him and they said their goodbyes, the pair vanished from the forest. 
Vengeance would be theirs.
Chapter 28

“Why does it want her?” The Warlock couldn’t understand what was so special about the female that lay limp at his feet that made the dark power want her. As he stared down at her, her pale skin covered in the blood from the pentagram, he didn’t sense anything particularly strong in her. She was just like any other Faye, weak and not fit to walk the world. His lip curled up in distaste. To think, the King actually thought he would consider marrying one of his pathetic daughters.
“I don’t know.”
The Warlock turned his attention to his offspring. The creature was holding something back from him and he didn’t know what it was. What he did know was that whatever the deal was it had better not interfere with his plans.
“It is almost time… take her while I prepare the castle.”
“Of course,” with a deep bow Alickul vanished. When the Warlock looked back at the center of the pentagram, the princess was gone as well. The only indication that she had been there were the smudges along the lines of the pentagram, where her body had been laying. With a wave of his hand, all traces of her and the blood were concealed within the room. He didn’t need any of the palace servants finding out what he had done before he had a chance to put the finishing touches on his plan.
Once he was sure the room was secure he vanished; reappearing in the throne room where he was sure the king would be. True to his suspicions the king sat on his undeserved throne with his head hung low. Even though he had always loathed the Faye king, he had always thought of him as a wise ruler of his people. Yet, after seeing him now, the male was not the same king that he had been. He was weak and shattered. The death of his queen had affected him more than the Warlock had thought.
“I know you are there wizard,” the King’s voice echoed through the room, yet his head still remained in his hands. The Warlock didn’t respond as he made his way closer to the throne. The ancient power that flowed through the walls of the palace, that begged to be let loose, called to him. It empowered him even more as he stood a few feet away from the king.
“Tell me, Warlock, is this your doing?” Finally the king lifted his head and leveled a weary gaze on the Warlock. Once again, the Warlock felt his hatred for this male all the way to his core. How did a ruler so weak defeat the greatest wizard of all time?
“Your kingdom is about to fall to ruin. The shadows have taken one of your subjects and your daughter.” He took a step closer, summoning his power to his hands. “Your warriors are scattered and distracted… but most of all, the great Alexios lies dead, his body rotting in a pool of his own blood.” The satisfaction of his last words coursed through him, giving him a joy he hadn’t felt in a long time.
The king stared at him.
“When the three suns’ red light covers the land, your kingdom will fall and everything you love will be destroyed.” He pushed more power into his hands until a black ball of energy floated above his palms.
The king raised a brow as the Warlock held his palm out in front of him. The black ball of energy still floated over his palm.
“Ku’Vane will be avenged,” with that he let loose the majick he held in his palm. He watched with dark satisfaction as a powerful blast shot out from his palm and into the king. For a brief moment, the Warlock wondered why the male didn’t put up a fight, but as he watched the blast shoot the king into the throne room wall, the throne shattering to pieces, it didn’t matter. All that mattered was that the king’s body lay limp on the palace floor, covered in debris from the palace wall.
Let it begin. The Warlock summoned more of his power. He would have to wait a little while longer before he could celebrate. His victory wasn’t complete until the entire kingdom fell before him.
“SHADOWS!” He called to the creatures that lurked in the hidden corridors of the palace. “Come forth and share your suffering wit-”
“You foolish creature!”
The Warlock’s head snapped to where the king now stood on his feet. Speechless, all he could do was stare at the male in front of him. The king’s blue eyes burned bright with outrage as he shook the dirt off his royal robes and stepped free of the rubble as if nothing happened.
“Those shadows are not yours to command. They belong to the power sealed within this castle,” his voice thundered through the room. The Warlock, though confused about the change in the king’s power, was not intimidated by the male. He had the dark arts on his side and no one could stand against him. “You cannot control them. Their power is meant to be locked away for all time… You think as the guardian of the power, I didn’t know about what lay beneath my castle?”
Guardian? The Warlock frowned, he had never heard of such a thing. But it didn’t matter, the king would die and he would take his land… and daughters.

As a Guardian, a descendent of the Ancient Gods, the Faye king was charged with the duty of guarding the dark power hidden deep within the palace. Up until recently Ontligus’s powers had been enough to keep the dark shadows that lived behind the barrier at bay. Now, with that rise of the Red Sun just days away, he felt his grip on them weakening. Already, within that last few hours, a few of the powers dark creatures were able to slip past him and wreak havoc in the palace.
He was just thankful to the gods that the majickal barrier that surrounded the palace, separating the dark power from the rest of the kingdom, remained intact. It kept the events that were happening now from reaching the innocents that lived in the villages beyond the palace walls.
He could not risk the barrier falling. The power that wanted out could never be free. Damnation awaited them all if it fell.
“You will all DIE!!” The Warlock shouted in outrage as he once again shot a blast of power from his hand. Ontligus caught the blast in his palms. The dark power burned the flesh of his hands, but he would not let go. He used a surge of his own power to reverse the attack.
The Warlock was quick and disappeared before the blast could hit him.
“Come shadows, show him your anger,” the Warlock’s voice echoed around him. “Kill them all!” Immediately, darkness fell over the throne room. Red eyes stared out at him from every direction. Their hatred for him and the Faye was suffocating. The stench of death surrounded him as the Shadows began to take more solid forms. He braced himself for their attack as they surrounded him.
“Devour him,” the Warlock ordered and as one they charged him. They fell on him, their semi-solid claws scraping at his flesh as he kicked and fought them off. For each one he rid himself of three more took its place. Their numbers were countless. Heart pounding in his chest, he struggled against an endless sea of Shadows. Large arms and legs stung from where the creatures had torn the flesh away from his body. It was a struggle for him to remain on his feet as they continued their assault. He remained on his feet. He knew that if they forced him to the ground, it would be a matter of time before they devoured him.
In the background, through the thick fog of darkness, he could hear the Warlock’s laughter. The sound irked him. It was time he stopped playing and got down to business. But first, he had to get rid of the Shadows clawing at him. Growling, he freed his arms. Quickly, he held out his hands in front of him as if he was waiting to catch something. He summoned power from deep within him. The power surged forth, forming a bright light in his hands. His arms shook in an effort to control the power until he was ready to let it loose. From all around him screeches of agonized pain could be heard. The sound of the Shadows pain made his ears bleed. He could feel it as it flowed down the sides of his face. His mind felt as if it would explode inside his skull. As much as he wanted to stop, he couldn’t. While his power stopped the Shadows attack, it hadn’t killed them. He needed more power. Majickal energy flowed out of him until its light was so bright he couldn’t stand to look at it anymore.
“You will not win,” he let his majick loose in a beam of power that he moved around him. The moment the light hit the Shadows, they dissolved into nothing. The only thing left behind was the stench of death. Little by little, the throne room became clear. A sound from overhead drew his attention. His gaze went to the darkened ceiling above him. A pair of bright glowing eyes stared down at him. This shadow was bigger than the others. Its hulking body hung above Ontligus. It had developed teeth that dripped black venom. It hissed at him, its venom falling onto his robes, burning through his royal fabric. The venom reached his skin and pain shot through his arm. He cut off his majick and rolled out the way as the creature dropped from the ceiling.
A safe distance away from the Shadow Beast, Ontligus focused his powers on healing his wound. He didn’t spare the wound a glance as he felt the skin knotting itself back together. He didn’t have time to. The moment the creature hit the floor it roared out its rage and was moving towards him at a rapid pace. It moved from side to side as it advanced in an effort to confuse the king.
“Stupid creature!” He expected more. He had been a warrior before he was king. The tricks of the Shadow were nothing new to him. He dodged to the left just as the monster made a swipe, with its sharp claws, that would have taken off his head. As he rolled to his feet, he shot a blast from his hand that hit the creature in the chest. It roared in pain as its body consumed the light.
“You have to do better than that… I have fought many of your kind, beast.” That was the truth. He had lost count of the number of Shadow Beasts, or Jackals as they were more commonly referred to, he had fought. The number reached into the thousands and this one would add to his long list. Though this one was more powerful than the last one he had fought, twice its size as well, it would still fall to his feet. Jackals were beast bread in the Realm of the Shadows. Smart and cunning creatures, they wreaked havoc on small villages and kingdoms throughout Dissida. They were used by the Shadow Lords, dark beings that ruled the shadow world, to seize and convert the lands into shadow territory. These beasts roamed the lands devouring any living creature before them. They, unlike the formless shadows, had solid forms. Giant creatures on four legs, their coat was darker than the night sky, the color so black that they could hide in the shadows and never been seen until it was too late. Some grew large tails that they used to kill from a distance. Others, like the one that he faced now, had no tails. In place of their tail they possessed large claws that had the power to tear limbs from bodies without effort.
What is a Jackal doing outside the barrier?
Ontligus didn’t have long to think about the question. The creature roared its hatred and anger for his slain brethren. Charging at him, once again in that zigzag pattern. Its claws swiped at him. Each time narrowly missing him and catching his ruined robes. Realizing that the weight from his robes was slowing him down, he quickly shed his royal attire a moment before the creature swiped at him again.
It was a dance. The creature attacked and Ontligus dodged while looking for an opening. His chance came when the creature misjudged the distance for his attack. It charged at the king again, not aware how close to the wall it was. Ontligus jumped over the creature’s head. Landing behind it in time to watch as it went head first into the wall. Before the creature could recover Ontligus summoned his power again and shot a blast from his hand. It was a small majickal orb that he let loose but it contained enough power to level an entire village. He watched as his orb struck the creature in the behind where its tail would have been.
The beast howled in pain, it was an agonizing sound that added to the king’s already bad headache. He watched as the orb burned past the creature’s flesh and bone, making its way through its body. Black blood spilled out of the creature’s body, coating the palace floor. The stench of its burning flesh burned his nose. Even as death sought to claim the beast it still refused to give up. It staggered as it turned to face Ontligus. Its eyes glowed bright red as it opened its mouth. The creature began to suck in air, summoning its own powers in a last ditch effort to take out the king.
“Foolish,” with that Ontligus shot another small orb that went into the creature’s mouth and down its throat. “Death comes from both ends,” he turned his back to the creature as its muffled sounds of death died out and its black blood pooled at his feet.
“Show yourself,” he called to the Warlock.
“Impressive,” the Warlock appeared before him, with an air of smugness around him that wasn’t there before.  “But you are too late… I have your princess… she will be the sacrifice that will set me free.”
It took Ontligus less than a second to process what the Warlock had said. The male planned on sacrificing one of his offspring to the power. He could not let that happen. He went to summon more of his power, only to find that he couldn’t. His body suddenly felt weak. His head spun as black spots clouded his vision.
What is happening? He struggled to come up with an answer, even as his legs gave out from under him, falling face first into a pool of black blood. Its stale taste entered his mouth, but he was powerless to stop it. He couldn’t move his arms and legs, try as he might. Hearing had become difficult as his vision threatened to give out completely. The last thing he was able to make out, just before darkness consumed him, was the amused face of the Warlock as he held a small dagger covered with blood in his hand.
“It’s so easy for you to get distracted by shadows. You didn’t even feel it when I stuck you with the poison.” The Warlock bent down so that he was face to face with the king. “You see I have always known your power was great... I had this prepared,” he twirled the dagger in his hand. “A special poison given to me by the witches of the Black Forest, seems they hate the Faye as much as I do.” The Warlock paused in his gloating. “You have fallen and so will your kingdom.” 
The last thing to reach Ontligus’s ears was the malevolent laughter of the Warlock. The weight of his failure was like an anchor that pulled him deep into the abyss… there was no hope now.

It is done… 
The Warlock’s voice echoed in his head. Alickul nodded, he knew what he had to do next. He walked the palace halls. He had left the princess sleeping peacefully down in the underground dungeon. He had made sure that when she awoke, she would not be able to escape or alert anyone to her presence. Though she was frail, he still wasn’t taking any chances. She was still a member of the Faye royal family and held special powers. He took every precaution to keep her restrained. There were chains around her wrists and ankles that thoroughly secured her to the wall in the cell with the ancient power. A majickal chain also rested around her slim waist, just in case she somehow managed to get free of her other chains. Unlike the restraints on her wrist and ankles, the one around her waist could not be unlocked with a key or broken with an item. It would take a special spell, one that only he knew, to free her.
He smiled to himself as he passed the pictures of the royal princesses. Running his fingers along the paintings, he let his black majick flow from him to the pictures. Instantly, the pictures began to waste away. The beauty of the princesses melted away with their faces. Each picture fell to the floor in broken pieces.
“Hey!” A voice called him from behind, a servant’s voice. He had wondered where all the servants and members of the palace were. The halls had been eerily quiet. They must have hidden in their rooms after the fiasco in the great hall.
“Hey!” Alickul continued to ignore the call from behind. He didn’t have time to deal with simple servants.
“Hey, you! Stop! Don’t you know it is too dangerous to be roaming the palace halls?”
Alickul stopped and listened as bare feet rushed to catch up to him. He smiled. Covered from head to toe in a cloak the servants weren’t able to tell that he was one of the dangers in the palace. The long flowing cloak kept his pale feet from showing as he walked. The long sleeves of the cloak kept his Sappling hands out of eyesight, while his hood covered his pale hair and face.
“It’s dangerous out.” The servant was out of breath once he reached Alickul. “There is something going on in the palace. The entire palace just shook from some unseen force.” He still spoke as he made his way in front of Alickul, who held his face down so that the hood covered his fangs.
“There are things in the palc-” the young male stopped mid-sentence. “Hey, are you ok?” His hand reached out to touch Alickul’s sleeve.
“I am so hungry,” due to his half breed nature, he was able to mask his slur that would let the male know he wasn’t a Faye.
“The food pantry is this way.” The young male tugged on his sleeve, when Alickul made no move the young male stopped his pulling, “are you ok?” The youngling peeked under the hood.
Stupid creature. He lifted his head and revealed his face. He watched with hungry eyes as the male’s eyes widened in fear. “My food is right here,” now he let his true self show. Before a scream left the youngling, before he could give any type of warning sign, Alickul attacked him, his fangs sinking deep into young and tender flesh. Youthful blood flowed freely into his mouth. He held on tightly as the male struggled under him. It took some effort due to his frail body, but he was able to subdue the male. He pinned him to the floor as he sucked the life out of him. Only once he felt the male’s soul flow into his body did he detach himself from the male’s body. He rose from the corpse and licked the tips of his fangs clean. Vitality and power surged through him. He stepped over the male’s lifeless body, his face frozen in horror, and continued down the hall until he came to the first bedroom.
“Shadows,” he called out to the creatures that had been following him since he left the dungeon. The ancient power had granted him command over a small group of shadows for his next mission.
“Master,” they answered in unison as several of them appeared behind him.
“Fetch them… but do not harm them. Bring them to the dungeon. He wants them alive and unharmed.”
“We understand,” with that he watched as the first group slid under the bedroom door to the first princess.
The scream that echoed in the air was ecstasy for him as he moved on to the next room and the next princess.

The last thing Alexandra expected to see when she was woken up from her sleep was the bright red eyes of some formless creatures. They surrounded her bed, teeth and claws reaching for her. Terror consumed her, but she was too afraid to move. One shadow’s hand gripped her tightly by her upper arm. She screamed, struggled to break free, but the creature’s grip held firm. Another gripped her by the ankle.
“Kale!” She called out for her warrior. The one being she knew could save her from the formless monsters attacking her. As much as she wished he would burst through her bedroom door and save her, she knew he was nowhere near. She would have to save herself.
“Get away from me,” she kicked at one of the creatures that held her ankle. Shock slammed into her when her foot connected with the creature’s jaw. It hissed in pain. Its grip on her ankle loosened and she was able to free herself. She twisted her arm as she continued to kick the other shadow creatures away from her. She struggled until she was able to break free and scramble to the doors of her room.
She tried the handle on the door, pulling at it wildly in an effort to get away. The door wouldn’t budge. Still pulling frantically, she looked back over her shoulder to see that the shadows had multiplied. As they drew closer to her, she began banging as hard as she could on the door. She had a feeling that no matter how loud she screamed, how much she called for help, there would be none. Dread snaked its way through her body as she scurried away from the door before one of the shadows could grab her. As she ducked and rolled, avoiding their claws by using evasive moves she had learned from watching Kale in his training sessions.
She spotted her bedroom window. It was open. She prayed she reached it before the shadows caught her. Something tugged at the hem of her nightgown. Something else reached for her arm. She yanked herself free from both creatures. Crawling under her bed, she came out the other side. Ignoring the pain that shot through her foot as she knocked over the small end table on the side of the bed she moved as fast as he could. She had put enough space between her and the shadows. Getting to her feet, she made a mad dash towards the open window.
Just a little more. Her heart continued to hammer in her chest as she drew closer to the window. A sudden relief began to consume her. Her escape was near. This was one of the moments she was glad her window opened over the lake in the back of the palace. Once she made it out the window all she had to do was make sure she landed in the lake. After she resurfaced all she had to do was make it to the healer’s tent. I can mak-
Alexandra was a breath away from the window when a noise echoed throughout the room. She froze in place as a thunderous roar echoed. The ground shook beneath her feet. She glanced over her shoulder, back towards the shadows. Though the creatures had once again doubled in size they had stopped moving. Not one made an advance toward her. An eerie quite had settled over the room. The source of the roar was nowhere in sight, only the sound of her labored breath could be heard.
What’s going on? She turned to face them. Slowly, she backed away towards the window watching for whatever creature had made that noise. She glanced back every now and then at the window to make sure her path was still clear.
Run... now. A voice told her in her head. Just as the thought entered her mind, there was another roar, this time more terrifying than the last. Her blood turned to ice in her veins as a massive figure dropped from the ceiling over her bed. The bed shattered under the creature’s weight.
Run. The voice told her. As much as she wanted to fear held her paralyzed. She watched horrified as the creature rose to its feet. It was a giant beast on four legs. Its long tail whipped behind it back and forth. She took a step back when its amber gaze fixed on her, its tongue running across its snout.
A scream got caught in her throat.
RUN! Its eyes narrowed. She turned on her heels as its enraged roar once again echoed through the air. Quickly, she closed the small space between her and the window. She jumped out into the night air just as the creature reached her. It’s putrid breath on the back of her neck as she leapt from the window.
She hit the water hard and fast. For a moment she was dazed. Coming to she swam to the lake’s edge.
Resurfacing, she pulled herself out of the water. She ignored the coldness spreading over her wet body as she gave a brief glance up at her bedroom window, expecting to see the beast. There was nothing. No beast, no shadows.
“I have to find Kale,” she took a step forward. As she did a chill went down her spine, one that had nothing to do with the cold. There was a low growl from behind her. Terror threatened to grip her again. She paused and briefly gathered herself. When she heard the creature take its first step towards her, she took off. Running as fast as her legs could carry her in a wet dress. Her heart hammered in her chest as the sound of the creature’s feet echoed in her ears.
It was going to catch her. She knew it, could feel it like she felt the beast’s breath once again on the back of her neck.
Tripping, she stumbled over a small rock. She fell and knew it was over. As she turned to see the beast that would devour her, her jaw went slack. The creature was nowhere to be seen. It was gone, had completely vanished. She pushed herself back to her feet. The creature may have vanished but she knew it didn’t go far. She took off again. Her only chance was to find Kale.
The back side of the palace was large and it was a while before Alexandra could make out small tents in front of her. In the far distance she spotted Griselda’s healing tent. Hope blossomed in her chest as she ran in the direction of the tent. Her leg muscles burned as they reached their limit, but she couldn’t stop. She knew Griselda could help her. The healer’s majick was the strongest Alex had ever seen. If she could reach her, she would have protection from the nightmare chasing her.
The beast’s roar echoed around her. It was back, she knew it hadn’t gone far. It was toying with her. Out the corner of her eye, she saw it emerge from the shadows. Her heart jack hammered in her chest as she pushed her already strained legs harder. Her lungs burned as they worked overtime to drag air into her body.
I just have to make it a few more feet. Then she would be protected. The powerful healer kept a protective barrier around the healing grounds. There wasn’t a being strong enough to breech the barrier without Griselda giving her permission.
Alex being a part of the royal family, was automatically granted access beyond the barrier. It would be simple for her to cross and get to safety. The beast on her heels on the other hand would turn to ash the moment it attempted to cross. She just prayed she reached the barrier before the shadow monster caught her.
Just a little more... She was close enough now that she could make out Griselda’s shadow moving through the tent. Suddenly she felt the hairs on the back of her neck rise. Out of breath, her pace began to slow as her body demanded she stop and rest. She couldn’t. The creature’s claw swiped her feet out from under her. Before she knew it, she found herself tumbling to the ground. All the breath in her body rushing out of her the moment she hit the ground.
“GRISELDA!” she screamed as she scrambled back to her feet, a moment before the creature could grab her.
“GRISELDA!!” she called again as she neared the barrier surrounding the healer’s tent. Its majickal energy making the hairs on her arm stand up. Relief once again poured through her as the female healer came rushing out of the tent.
“Alex-” Griselda’s words were cut off as she saw the shadow beast behind Alexandra. “Dear gods.”
“Griselda, help me!”
“Keep running your highness. You are almost there.” Griselda shouted. This should slow it down. She shot a stream of majickal energy from her hand into the shadow beast. Its shriek of pain pierced the night sky as it collapsed to the ground.
Alexandra heard the monster’s painful howl and spared a quick glance over her shoulder. She saw the creature fall to the ground and joy erupted in her. She was safe. She wasn’t going to die. Feeling the danger had passed, she was  able to slow down. A wide smile appeared across her face as she crossed into the barrier.
“Are you ok?” Griselda reached for the young princess in an effort to help her get her bearings.
“What was that?” Out of breath Alexandra’s tired body wanted to collapse to the ground.
“A shadow bea-”
Before Griselda could finish her sentence and explain to Alexandra what was going on, the princess felt the tongue of the beast wrap around her ankle. The next few moments were a blur. Everything happened faster than either of them could anticipate. Alexandra’s feet were yanked from under her. Twice in one night, her face made contact with the ground.
“Gris-” she screamed for the healer as the creature pulled her from the barrier to him.
As Griselda attempted to save the young princess she felt something slick wrapping around her ankles. She lifted her dress to see a black tongue had a firm hold on her. Like the princess, Griselda was swept off her feet. Her robes were torn to pieces as she was dragged into the shadow beast’s awaiting claws.

The scream ripped through the air and Kale’s body. The feeling of dread that had been creeping along his spine settled in the pit of his stomach.
“Kale,” Bryan called to him.
Kale looked at the warrior next to him. His body in the same ridged posture as Kale’s.
“Stay with Zale and the others. I will find out what is going on. If I am not back in a few moments head straight to the palace,” with those orders Kale rushed out of Zale’s tent.
Another scream cut through the air.
Princess!!
His legs moved faster, carried him across the field to Griselda’s tent in mere moments. He slowed as he approached the tent. The scent of stale blood mixed in the air with freshly spilled blood. Kale’s heart hammered in his chest as he circled Griselda’s tent, taking in the small droplets of blood that stained the ground.
“Where are you Alexios?” He whispered in the night air. Bending down on one knee, he swiped two fingers across the spilled blood.
Princess... With the scent on his finger tips he brought the spilled blood to his nose. His nostrils flared as he inhaled. It was indeed Princess Alexandra’s blood. Her soft ocean scent lingered on the metallic smell of the blood.
“What is she doing outside the palace?” The questions raced through his mind. As the wind blew across the night sky an all too familiar scent followed.
“Shadows,” on his feet now, Kale rushed inside of Griselda’s tent. He looked around, taking in the area. “There’s nothing here.” There were no traces of a struggle, nothing that would indicate that she had been attacked inside her tent. But he knew better, nothing was ever as it seemed. There was always something lurking just below the surface. Deciding his best clues as to what happened to the healer and princess would come from outside, Kale walked back outside the tent. On the ground, he saw torn pieces of clothing. Bending down, he rolled the fabric between his fingers. The scent of spice and healing herbs drifted into his nose.
A muffled sound drew Kale’s attention towards the backgrounds of the palace. Rising to his feet, he headed in the sound’s direction. The smell of royal blood led Kale around the backgrounds of the palace and into the shadows.
“Princess,” he called out into the darkness. No answer. He waited a moment before he called out again. “Princess? Griselda?”
“Kill…” The word was a hiss in the darkness that had Kale gripping the hilt of his sword. “Kill… kill… kill,” the hissing echoed around him. Rapidly his eyes scanned the darkness. Unsheathing his sword, he readied himself. He could smell them, their distinct scent in the air around him.
“Show yourself.” His words were greeted with several pairs of red eyes. They stared at him with hunger and bloodlust. A deep growl from behind him was the only warning he received of the beast’s attack. He managed to move out the way just before the beast’s claw could slice open his back. He rolled on the ground, not too sure if he would land at the feet of another beast or not, escaping another swipe of the creature’s claw. Shadowed by the darkness of the night sky, he couldn’t pinpoint the creature’s exact position. All he was able to make out was the tips of the beast’s claws that continued to swipe at him. He would wonder why, later, the other creatures remained hidden and did not attack him. But for the moment, he had to focus on the enemy he couldn’t see. He hissed in pain as a nail sliced through the flesh of his leg. Cursing himself for being caught off guard, he forced himself to his feet. Putting most of his weight on his good leg, he blocked the next attack. 
Kale… please… The princess’s voice, barely above a whisper, echoed in his head. 
He growled in frustration as he sliced through the flesh of the creature’s claw. The beast howled in pain as its black blood sprayed across Kale’s face. With nothing more than the faith he had in himself, he lunged into the darkness. Unlike the rest of the creatures that still watched him from the shadows, this one he was forced to fight blindly, had no red eyes to point him in the direction of his prey. As if the gods were watching the creature eyes opened and a blinding yellow light illuminated the darkness. In that instant, Kale saw the beast clearly. Its huge body was no more than three feet away from him. It held its wounded claw at its side, black blood dripping to the ground below. Covered in black fur from head to toe the creature was easily twice the size of any other beast he had ever seen. Granted, it had been a long time since he had last run into one, he knew that none had been the size of the creature before him. There was only one thing it could be.
A Jackal? How is this possible? On top of its head rested a pair of black horns that were so long they curled into themselves.  Its face… he wasn’t even sure if he could call that a face. Lopsided, its large eyes were spaced too far apart and one rested higher on the creature’s head than the other. Snarling, its lips peeled back to show teeth so jagged that Kale was sure that one bite would tear a male’s limbs to shreds.
It stepped forward, the ground shaking under the weight of its large hoof. For a brief moment, Kale wondered how he allowed the creature to sneak up behind him in the first place. Gripping his sword in his hand while balancing himself on his good leg, he faced off with the massive creature. Though he wasn’t entirely sure if that was the wisest move considering the other shadows had begun to form a small circle around him. His eyes darted back and forth, surveying the situation around him. Surrounded and wounded, the odds were not in his favor.
How did this happen? And where is Alexios?
They moved in on him. He felt the heat of their breath on the back of his neck. As he kept position on all the other shadow creatures he kept his gaze on the large Shadow Beast in front of him that continued to stare at him as if he was a late night snack. From the corner of his eye, he saw its claw swipe at him. His speed even when injured, proved to be quicker than the beast as his sword cut through flesh and bone. It’s painful howl echoed through the air. Before Kale could make sure he had fully severed the creature's hand from its body, the other shadows fell on him. Their claws and teeth coming at him so fast that several times they had come close to taking a chunk out of a vital organ.
One came at him. He kicked it back, sending it flying into the chest of the Jackal that had yet to advance any further. It stood watching, its glowing gaze fixed on Kale as he struggled to keep himself upright and his limbs in their proper places. Another one came at him, teeth bared, intent on taking his head. Quickly, Kale ducked and the creature collided with another that had been sneaking up behind him. As he came up to his feet yet again, he thrust his sword into the belly of the closest beast and once again black blood coated Kale’s face. Ignoring the stale taste of blood in his mouth, he pivoted on his good leg and spilt open the next beast that attempted to charge at him. Left and right of him the creatures fell until it was just him and the Jackal remaining. Winded and weakened more by the fighting, he turned to the shadow beast ready for his next challenge.
“Come beast and meet the same fate as your kin.”
The creature narrowed its eyes on Kale. Took another step forward, then stopped. Suspicious, Kale watched as the creature cocked its head to the side, as if it was receiving some unseen command. After a moment of staring at Kale it began to back away from him. Confused, he still held his sword at the ready.
“Where are-” There was a sudden shaking beneath him that had nothing to do with the steps of the beast in front of him. Looking down Kale’s eye narrowed as he noticed the blood pentagram he stood in. Before he could fully understand what was about to happen, he was sucked into the ground beneath him and the darkness that awaited him.
 Chapter 29

Rushing into the hallway, Claire expected to see some kind of chaos, servants being killed, and creatures over running the palace. Instead, she was greeted with an eerily empty hallway. Dressed in her royal robes she cautiously made her way down the hall. Her heels clicking against the marble of the palace floor as her eyes scanned the area around her.
It had been her sister’s scream that had driven her out of her room to see what was going on. Alexandra’s panicked scream had ricocheted off her bedroom walls. She would know her younger siblings scream a mile away, especially since she was the only one of them whose voice could reach such high levels and travel through stone walls.
Walking down the hall towards her sister’s room, she couldn’t shake the feeling that she was being watched. As her eyes continued to scan the long hallway, she half expected something to jump out and grab her. Nothing happened. There was no bloodthirsty beast lurking in the shadows. Only her own paranoia as she approached Alexandra’s bedroom door. When she reached for the handle, movement from out the corner of her eye caught her attention. Dropping her hand from the door, she turned her attention to the figure that lay a little farther down the hall.
“What is going on here?” She whispered to herself. Her gaze went from the figure to the door, she debated which demanded her attention more. It was her sister, of course. No matter how she felt towards her youngest sister they were bonded by the Queen’s blood. For the moment, she turned her attention away from the dark figure down the hall and once again reached out towards the door handle. As her hand gripped and turned the handle the hairs on the back of her neck began to rise. She paused for a moment. Her skills as a fighter warning her not enter the room empty handed. With her free hand, she summoned her sword, a slim beauty with a jeweled handle and sharp cut, and pushed open the door. The creaking of the door as it opened grated against her eardrums.
When the door finally stopped opening, Claire half expected to find Alex’s body on the floor, disfigured horribly by some unseen creature. Yet, it was darkness she entered as she stepped into her sister’s bed chambers. With nothing but the light of the twin moons shining through the window, that she noted was open, She could see droplets of her sister’s blood on the floor. Frowning, she walked farther into the room. Everything was in disarray. The sheets of the bed were tussled, half on the floor, half on the bed. Bottles, jewelry, and other random trinkets that her sister kept were scattered across the floor.
While it was clear that there had been a struggle, there was no sign of Alexandra. As Claire tried to piece together what had happened in the room the feeling that she was being watched crept along her spine, making the hairs on the back of her neck rise. Keeping her sword at the ready, she followed the droplets of blood that trailed towards the open window.
She didn’t. Claire thought as she rushed over to the open window, a gust of cold night air blowing her hair in her face. She couldn’t imagine her sister taking a suicide leap out of the window. Moving her hair from her face, she stared out the window and down at the darkness below. The lake, that their father had built to keep her and her sisters entertained in their youngling years, appeared as nothing more than a dark abyss waiting to swallow any who dared to jump in under the night time sky.
“There’s no way she would make a jump like that,” even as she stared down in disbelief there was no denying the fact that her sister’s blood trail went out the window. “I have to find her,” backing away from the window, she turned and headed towards the bedroom door.
Running into the hallway, she had every intention of running out the palace and to the lake. But as she began to make her way down the hall a faint moan echoed behind her, stopping her in her tracks. She had forgotten about the figure that she had seen in the hall. Though her first instinct was to ignore the moaning and find her sister, there was another part of her that wouldn’t let her ignore the being’s suffering.
Cursing herself and the need to help the injured, she turned on her heels and raced back towards the end of the hall where she had seen the figure lying. Her heels beat rapidly against the floor as she ran with her sword in her hand. As she came closer to the figure the feeling that she was being watched intensified to the point that she paused a few feet away from the body. Something wasn’t right, she could feel it. She just couldn’t place it. Quickly, her eyes scanned the hallway. Except for the now ruined pictures that hung on the palace walls there was nothing. Cautiously Claire once again began to approach the male body on the floor. All the while her senses remained attuned to her surroundings, waiting for the slightest movement.
The moment she reached the young male’s body, she dropped to one knee. Her grip on her sword remained tight as her free hand reached out to touch the top of his dark head. He groaned again.
“Shh, youngling, it will all be ok,” but even as she spoke the words she knew it was too late for him. The stench of death clung to him like a second skin. Though she didn’t see any, the scent of stale blood drifted through her nose. She was going to have to flip him onto his back if she wanted a better look at his injuries. Placing her sword beside her, close enough so that if she had to defend them, she could reach it without a problem, she rolled the youngling onto his back. Immediately she wished she hadn’t. Wished she would have followed her gut instinct to walk away and find Alexandra. ‘Cause what she looked at now made her stomach churn and panic rise.
“Wha-” She couldn’t finish her sentence as she stared down at the male with wide, horror, filled eyes. His throat had been savagely mangled by some creature’s teeth. How he was still alive, she didn’t know, but with a wound like that it would be a matter of moments before he took his last breath. His dark eyes stared up at her in frozen horror as if in the recesses of his mind, he relived the last moments of his life.
She couldn’t take it, with a shaky hand, she reached out to lower his lids. Gently she eased his lids down, giving him a more peaceful look. Shifting her position so that his head lay in her lap, she closed her eyes and began praying to the ancient gods. The weight of his head seemed heavier than it should be. Worry for her sister, pity for the male at her feet and the sudden feeling of doom that had settled over her, weighed her down.
As she chanted her prayer to the ancient ones unease made its way through her. Something was clearly going on. Mouthing her last words of praise, she opened her eyes and looked down.
A scream wedged itself inside of her throat. Forgetting her sword was at her side, she scrambled away from the male’s body. Yet no matter how much distance she placed between him and her, his dead eyes followed her. Darker than black, they locked on to her from across the hall. Unable to form words, her heart hammering in her chest, she backed away from the male’s body until her back was against the wall.
Slowly, as if time was playing with her, she watched as the male’s body rose from the floor. His head hung to the side as the wound in his neck bled fresh blood. His skin was pale, all living color drained from him as his body spasmed on its feet. Its arms and torso twitching randomly, it was like nothing she had ever seen before. It took a step and her breath caught. Another step and she was sure her heart was going to burst from its rapid pounding. The eerie quiet that had settled within the palace didn’t ease her either. Absently, her head reached out to the side, feeling for her sword. Only for her to realize that she had left it on the floor by the male’s body. She needed her sword. Summoning her strength she pushed herself from the wall and towards the male, whose unblinking eyes never left hers. The only good thing was the fact that it was just the two of them in the hall, which left her more than enough room to make a wide breath around him and reach her sword. Without taking her eyes off of him, she kneeled down and picked up her weapon. Instantly, she felt her fear drain out of her, replaced only by sheer determination to find out what was going on within the palace walls.
More at ease she faced her enemy, who had stopped his advancing steps and stood staring at her. Cold eyes drilling into her soul, making a shiver go down her spine. Once again the feeling that she was being watched crossed her mind. As much as she wanted to check her surroundings, she knew better than to take her eyes off the creature in front of her.
Its attack was swift and precise. Its dead body moving with a speed Claire didn’t think it was capable of. Had she continued to be distracted by the sneaking feeling that something was watching her, she would have lost her sword arm. She dodged the attack, rolling to the side and coming to her feet just as the creature turned on her again. His eyes locked on her. The loudest, most ear piercing scream she had ever heard came from the creature. She had no choice but to cover her ears. Her sword fell to the ground. As if the creature was waiting for that precise moment it charged again. It came at her, still screaming, arms flaring wildly in the air, looking like some kind of wild beast in the forest.
She had to do something. She couldn’t just stand there with her hands covering her ears that had started to bleed, waiting for this… thing, to tear her apart. Her gaze went back and forth between the creature charging toward her and her sword, judging the distance between the two. If she was going to live she had to make a move now. Dropping her hands from her ears, immediately she wished she hadn’t but she had no choice.
Quickly, she picked her sword up and raised it just in time to block the suddenly formed claws that swiped at her. Though she had moved fast enough to protect herself from any severe damage she couldn’t protect herself from the tips of the creature’s claws that scratched her cheek. She hissed at the stinging pain, but ignored it for the most part. Protecting herself, the force of the creature’s attack pushed her back into the wall. Her hearing had failed her the moment the creature had gotten close enough to attack her. No longer having to suffer from the screeching sound, though she was sure later she was going to have hearing problems, she could focus on escaping. With each swipe of the creature’s claw her arms grew weaker. The force from the blows of the attack was wearing on both her and her sword. Try as she might she couldn’t spot and opening for an offensive attack.
What is this thing? The question replayed over and over in her mind as she was finally given the opening she had been looking for. The creature’s attacks had slowed, weakening to the point that Claire no longer had to struggle to keep her defenses up. Taking a deep breath to gather her energy, she kicked out at the creature as hard as she could. The force of the kick knocked the creature on its back. Wasting no time Claire took off down the hall towards the front of the palace. Her heart beat rapidly inside her chest while her breath came in short burst. Behind her, she could hear that scream. Her legs pushed her faster.
“Kill… kill,” the dark voices came from out of nowhere, sending a tremor of terror down her spine. As she continued to run down the hallway, she expected something to jump out at her. When it didn’t, her panic intensified. Whatever was after her would be appearing the moment she thought she was safe.
“Kill…”
“… All of them.”
The voices were coming from all sides of her as she rounded the corner into the main hallway and ran towards the giant doors of the palace. While she was grateful there weren’t any servants around that could be put in harm’s way she knew that so long as these… these… she didn’t know what to call them, ran free in the palace no one was safe.
Almost there. Her way out, to safety was a few feet away from her. All she had to do was push-
A scream ripped from her throat as she was jerked backwards before her hands had a chance to grip the handle. Landing on her back, the breath knocked out of her, her gaze met with a pair of glowing eyes that burrowed deep into her soul. Shaking uncontrollably, her mind struggled to comprehend what was happening to her.
“… Kill,” the voices surrounded her now, closing in around her. Yet, it was the black beast that continued to stare at her with its glowing gaze that caused her body to freeze with fear. As she was forced to look up into the beast’s mouth, its hot breath burning her face, saliva dangling from its bottom lip and rows of sharp teeth that she was sure could shred her to pieces in mere seconds, her all too brief life flashed before her eyes. In the darkness that was the beast’s throat she saw her sisters, their smiles and laughter, the fights between them.
“CLAIRE!”
She swore she could hear her twin sister’s voice.
There was a growl from the beast above her as its attention shifted to something in front of it. Claire’s gaze followed. There in front of her stood her sister Joy. With her hands held out in front of her, summoning her majick, she looked more than ready to kill whatever was attacking Claire at the current moment.
“CLAIRE!” Joy screamed as she shot a stream of energy from her palms. The blast hit the beast with enough force to send it sailing backwards into the wall behind it. Instantly Claire jumped to her feet. She ignored the pain that shot through her back as she rushed over to her sister.
“What is going on?” Joy asked once Claire was in front of her.
“I don-” The sound of the beast’s roar shook the palace walls. Standing beside her sister, the two of them watched the creature push itself from the floor. Its massive body supported by four legs. It stared at them with violent malice. Its yellow eyes narrowed on them.
“What is that?” Joy whispered from beside her.
“I don’t know. I have never seen anything…” Claire’s voice trailed off as her gaze went to the hallway she just ran from. The ear piercing scream reached them before the creature did.
“What in the world is that?”
She wished she knew. As she raised her sword and prepared for an attack all she knew was that if she and Joy didn’t take out these creatures they were done for.
“Sister,” she called to Joy as she watched the creature emerge from the hall. Racing toward them with its arms still waving wildly in the air it was only a matter of moments before it reached them.
“I know,” was Joy’s response. She spared a glance over at her sister and nodded her head. A smirk crossed her sister’s face the same time her sea green eyes blazed with fury. Claire found herself smirking as well as they faced the two beasts. It had been a long time since she and Joy had fought side by side and not with each other.
The screaming creature came at Claire the same moment the other beast charged at Joy. With a mocking laugh Joy let loose another stream of majick that once again slammed into the creature. Shaking her head at her sister, Claire ducked a swiping claw. The creature flew past her. As she came back up, she sliced the, still screaming, creature across the back. Black blood covered the tip of Claire’s sword. The creature turned on her with wild eyes and swiping claws. Each time the creature took a swipe at her, she dodged its attack, making sure to take a piece of flesh with her to remind the creature of its continued failure. Adrenaline rushed through her as she ducked another swiping claw and kicked the legs from under the creature. She watched with dark satisfaction as the creature fell on its face. She placed her foot on the creature’s sliced back, pinning it down between her heel and the ground. It struggled underneath her, but it was useless. Her majick abilities gave her the extra force she needed to keep the creature in place.
“Now, you die,” she raised her sword. Her eyes narrowed on the creature’s neck. With all of her might she brought down her sword. The blade slicing the air as it raced towards the creature’s neck. Just as her blade would make contact with the creature’s flesh a clawed hand caught and held her blade. Its arm twisted at an impossible and surely painful angle. Frowning, she tried to pull her sword free, but the creature’s grip held firm.
“Let go,” she pulled harder. Still the creature held firm. With strength she didn’t think it was capable of the creature yanked the sword from Claire’s grip. Shocked, she was caught off guard and off balance. Using that to its advantage the creature pushed its self from the floor, flipping Claire onto her back as it rose to its feet. Wide eyed Claire stared at the creature as it lifted Claire’s sword high above its head. Its eyes black as night it stared deep into her soul. Its stare gripped her and held her in place. In the depths of those eyes, she could see horror, destruction, and chaos the likes of which she had never known. She saw her sisters, the king, the warriors… her warrior, all dead. Slaughtered and maimed parts of their bodies lay scattered across the palace grounds. Death, that’s what the creature promised. Panic and a dark coldness settled within her chest. Frozen with fear, she could only watch the blade as it came down in a perfect arch to take her head. Through her fear the last thought she would have is that of her blue haired warrior, of how she would never be able to comb her fingers through his beautiful blue locks.
Bryan

Joy paused in her fight with the disgusting beast to check on her sister. What she saw made her blood turn into ice in her veins. On the floor, Claire stared wide eyed at the blade that was making its way to her flesh. Without a moment’s hesitation Joy redirected her majickal blast. The beam of majick hit the creature that stood over her sister with a force so strong that it was sent flying back down the hall from which it came.
“CLAIRE!” she screamed to her sister as she caught movement from the corner of her eyes. Quickly, she turned her attention back to the beast she was fighting.
Inwardly she cringed. To say the beast was disgusting to look at would be an understatement. With its long snout, beady eyes, and foul breath, it was a downright gruesome sight… at least to her. She was not accustomed to such horror, but she would not back down from it either. She could not run when her concern for her father drove her. To be honest, she could care less about her sisters, she truly despised them with all of her heart but her father, the king. Him, she could not live without and if anything should happen to him she would die.
When she had sensed that her father was in trouble, then heard Alexandra’s scream, she had rushed out of her room, making a mad dash towards the throne room. She hadn’t expected to run into Claire and the creatures that she now faced. As much as she hated to admit it, there was still a tiny part of her that could not stand by and watch her sister be brutally killed. Granted, she loathed her sisters and the shame they put her father through, she also knew that he loved all his offspring, should anything happen to any of them the king would lose a piece of himself. Since she loved her father above all else she wanted to make sure he stayed happy and whole. Even if that meant fighting side by side with a sister she could not stand to look at.
The beast in front of her roared, the smell of its breath making Joy gag, as it charged towards her. She smiled. Though she didn’t go looking for fights, she did love a good challenge. Before when she and Claire had been younglings, they would often find themselves in the center of conflict. Most times they would be the victors, but not always. There was one memory, one fight that still weighed heavy in Joy’s heart. It was the last fight they had gotten into before they went through their transition. It was a fight that had planted the hatred in Joy’s heart and changed her forever. Just the thought of it made her body flare with rage. But now was not the time for such thoughts. She focused her attention on the beast that was charging towards her.
With a yell she shot another majickal beam from her palms. The beast having grown wise to her attacks dodged the blast, moving to the side just before the majick could burn its flesh. It moved with a speed that made it hard for Joy to keep track of it. When it disappeared totally she frowned. Looking around her eyes frantically scanned the hall. There was nothing, just her and Claire, who still remained on the ground.
“Do you think me a fool beast,” she spoke out loud. She was no fool. The creature’s presence was still in the air. The hairs on the back of her neck rose. It was close. The stench of its breath was in the air.
It’s above you. Claire’s voice echoed in her head. Her hands twitched at her sides. Slowly, she looked towards the ceiling and sure enough, she found the creature’s glowing gaze. It roared its rage at her. Its saliva hitting her in the face as it unhooked its talons from the ceiling and fell to the floor. Joy rolled out of the way to prevent herself from being crushed under the beast’s weight. The entire castle shook as the beast hit the ground, the weight of its massive body crushing the palace floor beneath it.
She came to her feet beside Claire, who had gained her composure and stood once again with her blade in her hand.
“Are you ready now?” Joy asked. She watched as her sister’s gaze darted back towards the hallway where the other creature was emerging from.
“Let’s end this.”
She nodded her head at Claire’s response. “Kill that creature quickly. Do not freeze again… we must make it to father,” with that Joy left her sister and charged towards the black beast she had been fighting. As she neared the beast swiped its claw at her, but it was too slow. She rolled under the first claw that attacked her. The second one came at her. She dodged to the right. The beast roared in rage as its fist hitting the ground with enough force to crush her. She didn’t slow down as she dived under the creature. Using her majick she shot a blast into the beast’s underbelly, where she noticed the fur was less dense. Blood dripped onto her face. She cringed. She would never be able to wash the beast’s blood off of her. There was an agonized roar above her. Then she felt something hot and sticky wrap around her waist. She was pulled from under the beast. Wrapped in its tongue, Joy vomited a little in her mouth.
Gods, how was she ever going to get clean again?
She winced as the beast’s tongue wrapped tighter around her waist. Slowly it began to pull her closer to its mouth. Teeth, rows and rows of jagged teeth were eager to greet her. Cursing to herself she struggled to free herself. But it was useless.
“Claire!” She called to her sister as she struggled to breathe. “Claire,” she turned to see her sister fighting off the creature from down the hall.
“What is it Joy?” her sister shouted as she rolled back away from the creature’s swiping claws. 
“A little help would be nice.”
It was getting harder for her to breathe. Surely, something was going to be bruised or worse broken by the time all this fighting was over.
“Give me a second,” Claire shouted as she managed to duck another attack.
Right… a second… with the jaws of the beast coming closer and her vision starting to dim, Joy figured she only had a second before she was either eaten or died of suffocation.
“Cla… ire,” she was fading. If her sister didn’t do something quick it would be too late.

Claire, using the opening she was given plunged her blade deep into the creature’s chest. It screamed in pain, but did not stop its vicious attack. Its claws tore the flesh from Claire’s forearms, but she would not remove her sword. With a roar of her own, she gave a brutal twist that stilled the creature. Its scream cut off as its gaze went to the sword embedded in its chest.
“Die,” Claire hissed as she twisted again, then pulled the sword from the creature’s body. As much as she wanted to watch as it dropped to the floor in death she couldn’t. She could feel Joy’s life draining from her. She had to save her. Turning her back on the dying creature, she rushed towards the beast that held her sister’s limp body.
The beast, too caught up in the anticipation of his next meal, paid no attention to Claire as she rushed towards him. Not until it was too late. Letting out a battle cry that made her throat horse she jumped up, bringing her sword down in a graceful arch, she separated the beast’s tongue from its body, blood splattered everywhere.
Claire landed softly on the ground beside Joy’s unconscious body. She spared a quick glance down at Joy. Her sister still lay wrapped in the beast’s tongue, her long blond hair covered in blood as it fell across her face. Ignoring the snarls from the beast, Claire bent down to check her sister’s pulse.
Weak, but she will live. “Hold on,” she whispered as she rose back to her feet. Turning her attention back to the beast, who was still mourning the loss of its tongue, she charged. Moving faster than the beast could, she ducked under its’ massive claw. She used the slipperiness of the blood covered floor to propel her as she slid under the creature. Wasting no time she plunged her sword deep into the creature’s underbelly, through the wound that Joy’s majick had caused.
“Filthy beast, go back to the darkness you came from,” anger laced her voice as she split the flesh of the beast. Its blood rained down on her, along with other things that she wasn’t going to name. Quickly, before the beast could fall and crush her under its dead weight, she rolled from under it. Rising to her feet, she took the time to watch the beast’s legs as it gave out from under it. The glow faded from its eyes as it locked onto her. For a brief moment, she pitied the creature as she wondered if she knew it had been nothing more than a pawn in a higher beings game.
As if it could sense her pity it let out a long muffled, thanks to its missing tongue, howl. Then it dropped to the ground, lifeless. Alone for the moment Claire took a deep breath. Just as she allowed some of her tension to leave her body the feeling came back. Something was watching her, the feeling stronger than before. She gripped her sword tight in her hand as she scanned the area half expecting something else to jump out at her from the shadows. There was nothing, just the corpses of the beast and creature, her sister’s body, and her. Yet, she couldn’t shake the feeling that whatever it was that was watching her was coming for her. She had to get moving. She had to find Bryan or any of the warriors.
Rushing over to her sister, she unwrapped her from the beast’s cold tongue. The feel of the beat’s cold saliva against her hands would haunt her forever. Freeing her sister, she gripped the other female under her arms and pulled her towards the palace doors. It was a strain for her to get her sister’s dead weight to the door, but she would not leave her. Just as she reached the door and reached for the handle that palace doors flew open and through them came the very male she was seeking out.
“Bryan,” she sighed in relief. Her arms and legs suddenly weighing a ton she lost her grip on her sword and sister.
“Claire,” he rushed towards her, catching her as her body gave out. Joy’s body fell to the floor. Exhaustion wanted to take her over, but there was a tingling going down the back of her spine that told her she wasn’t safe just yet.
“Joy, we must keep moving,” she went to push herself to her feet but found she couldn’t move. Frowning, she tried again to move. Nothing… she remained caught in Bryan’s grasp.
“No princess… you will go where you belong,” Claire’s gaze jerked to Bryan’s. Her face blanched as she stared into unfamiliar eyes. It was not the cold stare of her warrior that she found, but something else… a yellow gaze that did not belong. Suddenly, she found darkness calling for her. Her lids became heavy.
“What. Are. You?” She asked as darkness began to overtake her.
“Your end,” was the answer she received. The last thing she would remember is the evil laughter that rang out over her head as she slipped into the dark abyss.
Chapter 30

Bryan… help me.
Princess Claire’s weakened voice echoed in Bryan’s head. His body tensed as he reached out with his powers, feeling for her presence. When he found it, it was a faint signal that chilled him to his core. She was in danger and he had to get to her.
Where was Kale?
Holding on to the princess’s presence, he stretched out more of his majick to find his fellow warrior. When he came back with nothing he knew it was time for him to leave.
“Healer,” he called to the female who still tended the three bodies in front of her.
“Go warrior. I will be fine.” She spoke to him, never lifting her eyes to him, but remaining focused on the task in front of her.
With a slight nod, he rushed out of the tent. His heart raced as he headed for the front doors of the palace. As he ran, the sound of his sword hitting his armor as he ran echoed through the air. If there were any enemies lurking outside, they would be sure to hear him. Not that he cared. He had no time for stealth. He had to reach the princess before he lost her completely.
Hold on, Princess… I’m coming. He mentally projected to her as he came upon the... open? doors of the palace. From the distance he made out three shapes in the archway of the palace doors. Slowing his pace he neared the doors. As he did, he made out the blond hair of Princess Joy sprawled out across the floor. His gaze shifted to the figure that stood in the archway, holding the limp body of Princess Claire.
His gaze narrowing he drew his blade. Holding it in his hand, he approached the male who held the princess in his arms. He paused a few feet away from them. Better able to make out the face of the male he felt his jaw drop for the second time in his life, the first time being when he first saw the beautiful princess Claire, before him stood his exact replica. Except the male before him possessed yellow eyes.
What is this trickery?  Brian stepped closer to the look alike. The male just stared at him with those yellow eyes and a knowing smirk that Bryan didn’t like, across his face. 
“Put her down,” Bryan growled.
“Make me,” the voice, that hissing sound that came from the male made Bryan’s skin crawl. 
He stepped closer. His grip on his sword so tight his knuckles turned white. He would have struck the male down long ago had he not held the princess in his arms. He would do nothing to jeopardize her safety. She was in enough danger already. He had no idea who this male was or where he had come from. All Bryan knew was that the male possessed a majick level that closely matched his own and held a dark aura that polluted the air around him.
“I said put her down,” he spoke again, this time the tone of his voice more demanding. “Or, are you such a coward that you will hide behind a helpless female.”
The male smirked, then cocked his head to the side as if something was speaking to him. Bryan watched in confusion as the male gently placed Claire next to her sister.
“Show your true form creature,” Bryan demanded as the male faced him again.
“So it is you,” the creature spoke as he took a step towards Bryan. Its hissing voice grated on Bryan’s ears. “The one who captured her heart,” the mocking in the male’s voice didn’t go unnoticed, neither did his comment, but Bryan would not give the male the satisfaction of knowing he had hit a sensitive topic.
“I have no time for your games. Show yourself or I shall kill you where you stand,” and he meant that.
“Very well warrior,” with that, Bryan watched as the male was covered in a thick black fog. As the male was covered in fog a chill went down Bryan’s spine. Something wasn’t right, but he wouldn’t take his attention off the male. Slowly the fog began to evaporate and in its wake left a frail body covered from head to toe in a dark robe.
“Warlock,” Bryan growled as his hatred for the male surged to the surface. As bad as he wanted to run the male through he knew better.
The male in front of him gave a sinister laugh. “You confuse me with my father… though he would never admit that.”
Father? Well, now that caught Bryan off guard. “Father?”
The male, his face hidden under the hood of the robe, laughed. “Come warrior and show me your power,” the male taunted Bryan. In mocking the creature held his hands out to his sides. An open invitation for a first strike that Bryan was more than happy to take, but it would not be what the male expected of him.
Gripping his sword in his hand, he charged towards the male. The hooded male smirked; a hint of fang showing from under the hood, as Bryan neared him. At the last moment Bryan vanished.
As the male looked around him, searching for Bryan, the warrior reappeared behind the male. Before he could notice him, Bryan’s sword found the male’s boney body and made its self at home in his chest. The male made no sound as his body went limp on the blade. Not sensing his life force anymore Bryan went to remove his weapon.
He yanked… the blade wouldn’t budge. He pulled again, nothing happened. Frowning, Bryan gave one more forceful pull. Still the sword would not come free. Maniacal laughter echoed from beneath the hood. Shocked, Bryan pulled his sword once again.
“Stupid warrior, you thought you could kill me with some cheap trick,” with that Bryan’s sword was yanked from his hands and through the male’s body. Thick rivulets of blood spilled to the ground. Bryan looked down, watching as the blood moved around in an unnatural way, forming a pentagram.
Fuck me. Bryan cursed his stupidity.
“All of you…” Bryan found his blade pointed at his neck, its tip covered in his enemy’s blood. Unable to move because of the black majick created by the pentagram, Bryan was helpless, “will die.”
Pain sliced through Bryan as he felt his flesh being ripped apart. He glanced down. His blade was still at his throat. He saw that the male had plunged a hidden sword deep into his stomach, a weapon he vaguely recognized as Claire’s. Blood dripped out of him as his body began to numb. The faint scent of poison flowed into his nostrils.
“But first, I have plans for you,” with that the blade was pulled from his stomach. Left with no feeling in his legs, or the rest of his body, Bryan dropped to the floor next to Claire. He blinked rapidly as he felt the paralyzing poison course through his body.
Claire…
He called out to her with his mind. His mouth was unable to form words. He wanted to reach out and touch her face, to reassure her that he was with her but he couldn’t.
Br…y…an.
 Her voice echoed faintly in his mind, letting him know how close she was to the edge.
Stay with me, Claire, I will get us out of this. Or they would all die.
Chapter 31

The moment Balis and Misty appeared at the palace gate, they knew something was wrong. There was an eerie quiet that had settled around the palace grounds. The twin moons shined bright in the sky, their light casting an unholy glow around the palace.
“Do you feel that?” Misty asked from beside him. It was the most she had said to him since they found… he wasn’t going to think about that. If he was to be any good to anyone, if he had any hopes of doing what his leader wanted, he had to remain focused. He could not give into the pain that wanted him. Nor could he dwell in his hurt or the deep sense of loss that he felt. No, now was not the time. After, when everything was said and done, the Warlock dead and gone, then and only then could he truly mourn the loss of his dear friend. The only emotion that he allowed himself to feel was rage. He let it swell in his breast until he thought he would explode. He vowed to whatever gods were listening, that he would make the Warlock pay for what he had done, for the lives he had taken.
“Yes,” he responded. His grip on the hilt of his sword tightening as the need for violence rose, “it is time. The Red Sun is drawing near… we must move.”
He felt more than saw Misty’s nod of agreement. She, like him, felt the loss of Alexios deep to her core. Granted, she had only just met the male. Still, Balis noted, the way she looked at him, spoke to him, suggested that she knew more about the warrior than she led on.
“I will go through the front,” she spoke, drawing his gaze to her. She turned her head to him. Her emerald gaze promising vengeance on those who had caused them both pain. “You will go around the back.” She turned her head, focusing back on the palace before them.
“Very well. Anything that isn’t Faye,” he met her gaze again. “Kill it.”
She nodded. “I will see you on the inside warrior,” with that she gripped the bars of the palace gate. With agility and grace that fascinated him she went over the gate. He watched her, his gaze glued to the sway of her hips, the powerful stride of her legs, the bouncing of her ass, as she ran. Under his clothing, his body hardened, but it was the fluttering of his heart and his sudden anxiety for her safety that took him by surprise. No female’s presence had ever affected him the way this one did. Just being near her made him want…
Now is not the time for this. He told himself and he was right. They were running out of time. He had to hurry. Yet, his body refused to move until her figure had disappeared from his sight.
It was not often he prayed to the Faye god, or any of the Ancient gods for that matter, but as he turned from the palace gate and headed towards the back walls of the palace, his sword at the ready, he prayed to them to keep the female safe and return her to him.
She will be fine. Balis told himself as he wandered through the darkness, listening out for anything out of the ordinary. He couldn’t shake the forbidding that settled on his shoulders. There was something coming for them, something far more sinister than anything the Warlock could create. The scent of an old darkness filled the air. It was a stale smell that burned his nostrils. It was the kind of power that promised death to all those who defied it and enslavement of those who followed it.
Running, the sense of urgency suddenly consuming him, Balis pushed his legs faster until he reached the back wall of the palace that protected the backside of the royal home. Wasting no time Balis, growing his fingernails into claws, gripped the wall. His hard nails dug deep into the stone. Scaling the large wall in moments, he hoisted himself over the wall. He landed in a silent crouch on the other side. Rising to his feet, his eyes quickly scanned the area around him. All that greeted him was darkness and the eerie feeling that he was too late.
“Where is everyone?” He questioned as he slowly made his way through the darkness. Making his way towards the back entrance of the palace, he didn’t know if he should be happy that there was no one around or worried. He opted for the latter of the two. The type of dense silence that he walked through now, he was sure, was a prelude of things to come.
The wind blew. With it came the scent of stale blood. The scents of the king’s healer and youngest daughter drew his attention to the far end of the back wall. He frowned. That side of the wall had always been clear of shadows. Now it stood as the darkest part of the palace. Deciding the area deserved further inspection, he headed in the direction of the scent of spilled blood was the strongest. The closer he came to the darkness the higher the hairs on his arms rose.
“Come out creature…” He paused, standing a few feet away from where the wall’s shadow stopped, “I know you are there.”
There was a long howl that rose from the darkness of the shadow, with it came the appearance of bright glowing eyes.
A Shadow Beast… just as I thought.
 Gripping the hilt of his sword, Balis withdrew his weapon from its sheath.
 “Show yourself,” he demanded. When the creature made no move to reveal its appearance, just stare at Balis with its menacing gaze, the warrior summoned his majick and shot a small blast into the darkness. He listened in grim satisfaction as the beast howled its pain into the night air.
“Now, I will tell you one more time…” his anger coursed through him at having to call the creature out more than once. “Show yourself.”
There was a low growl that emitted from the darkness. Under him the ground shook with the weight of the beast’s footsteps as it emerged from the shadows, its hulking body blocking out the twin moons. Surprised by the size of the creature, Balis had to take a few steps back. Massive arms and claws made up most of the creature’s body.
The creature, Balis noted was missing one of its claws. The tips of the claw that remained were sharp. Pointed nails twinkled in the darkness while its hoofed feet brought it closer to Balis. Horns stood atop its head, straight and pointed. Once again, it roared its rage at Balis.
Its attack was swift but nothing that would have caught Balis off guard. He dodged the beast’s claw. Using the creature’s claw and arm as his own ramp he ran up the beast’s arm with a speed that would have amazed the fastest trackers. Keeping his sword low, he made sure that it cut flesh as he made his way up the creature’s torso. As the creature howled its pain and jerked back and forth to shake Balis off, its blood coated the palace grounds.  Grabbing on to one of its horns, he pulled himself up to the creature’s head. Hooking his legs around each of the horns to keep from being thrown off the shadow beast’s head, he raised his sword above his head. Bringing his blade down, he pierced both flesh and bone. Blood seeped from the creature’s crown as its agonized howl pierced Balis’s ears. With a last ditch effort the shadow reached for Balis, its massive claw seeking his flesh.
Balis proved to be faster than his enemy. With one more forceful push he embedded his sword deep into the beast’s dark brain matter. Twisting his weapon he broke the blade off in its skull to keep the creature from healing itself. Unhooking his legs, Balis, jumped from his high perch on top the creature’s head. He landed in a crouch in front of the dying beast. Its screams of pain had stopped.
Balis didn’t bother to look behind him at the creature. He continued his way into the palace, through the hidden back door. The sound of the beast’s lifeless body dropping to the floor echoed through the air. The ground quaked beneath his feet from the force of impact.
One down…
There was only one more life that he wanted. Using his powers he summoned another sword for himself. The weapon appeared in his sheath as he neared the back door. Gripping the hole that had been carved into the stone door, he pulled it open. The grinding sound of stone echoed through the darkness. Pulling the door open enough so that his solid body could fit through the crack, he entered the palace undetected. Immediately, the dark presence that he’d felt at the palace gate engulfed him, suffocating him. His chest constricted as he struggled to drag in air to his body.
What happened since we have been gone? This was something more than the Warlock seeking power and revenge. He had thought that before he entered the kingdom, but now, with the presence of an ancient evil lurking in the palace, he knew it for sure. Sheathing his sword for the second time in one night, Balis, made his way deep into the dark palace. Frowning, he noticed the halls were empty. Not one servant could be seen or heard. Suspicious, he began to make his way to the throne room. With each step he took a heavy weight settled on his shoulders. All around him were broken pieces of walls. Debris littered the halls in various fashions. There were droplets of blood throughout the halls, small scratches along the walls and floors.
While he remained calm as he walked through the shambled halls of the palace, when he reached the Grand Hall that led to the throne room he froze in place. The pictures of the princesses looked to have rotted away, the colors and parchment of the paintings shriveled away. But it was the countless shadowed forms that filled the hallway that caused him to pause.
So this is where all of the servants went. It had been a long time since he last saw a Shadow Host, an extremely long time. Before he came to the kingdom of the Faye, in his homeland they had run rampant. Killing, murdering and maiming any being that stood in their way. Selected for their weak wills, the beings possessed by the shadows would crave one thing, blood and carnage. Consumed with the shadow’s rage and blood lust the host would kill until there was nothing left standing. As mindless killers the hosts are nearly invincible. There had been many times where Balis had come close to losing his head to one of them. Gripping his sword tightly in his hand, he prepared himself. If his memory served him correctly the only way to truly kill one of these creatures was by beheading.
As a collective group they moved toward him. He readied himself, prepared for their attack when a noise from behind him caught his attention. Glancing over his shoulder, he saw more shadowed figures. These he knew where regular shadows that had been unable to latch on to a host. While they were nowhere near as dangerous as their host counterpart, they still had the ability to harm him.
 Looking back and forth between the hosts and shadows, Balis decided it was in his best interest to press forward. Time was not on his side. As he looked out at the numberless red eyes of the hosts, he knew that it would take a lot more than an ordinary sword to get past them.  Summoning a power he hadn’t used since he left home, he called forth the blade he had used centuries ago.
Dragmar… the name of the mystical sword passed down to the heirs of the dragon throne. Created from the flames of the Ancient Dragon’s breath, Dragmar was a dangerous beauty. She had saved his life more times than he could count. The heat from the flame centered at the hilt of the sword. Beautifully crafted the blade’s handle was crafted from omulisk. Engraved with the crest of the royal family, its sharp pointed edges surrounded the flames, concentrating its majickal power into a solid form. He couldn’t help the excitement, the adrenaline that rushed through him as he held Dragmar in his hands. It had been too long since he last used the blade. Centuries since he last felt its power becoming a part of him.
“Kill… kill… kill the fallen one… kill… kill… the unwanted,” their voices echoed as one through the hall. Together they approached him, surrounding him.
Not yet. He told his anxious body. The need to release the power that had built up inside of him was overwhelming and wanted release.
 Not yet…
They came closer. His arms shook with the effort it took to control his power.
 Closer… 
He needed them just a little closer.
NOW!
 Power humming through his body, he shot a line of fire straight through the hosts, obliterating them on contact. The flame, hotter than dragon’s fire blazed a trail through the hosts. Wasting no time, feeling the shadows as they approached him from behind, Balis took off down the cleared path that would lead him straight to the throne room. As he ran, his legs pushing him faster than normal due to his increased power, he sliced through the remaining host that dared attack him. All around him, they fell in piles of ashes.
I must make it to the king. It was the only thought in his mind as he reached the singed doors of the throne room. Gripping the cooling handles, he flung the door open. When he laid eyes on the destroyed throne room his heart stopped beating.
What happened here? Walking into the ruined room, he shut the door behind him, quieting the demonic voices of the shadows as they demanded blood.
“Your majesty?” he called out. All that greeted him was the sound of his own voice as it echoed along the walls and the flame of his sword. Stepping over pieces of stone and debris, Bails took in the area. The king’s throne was in shambles, broken into a million little pieces that would never be put back together again. Pieces of stone fell from the walls and ceiling. Several times Balis had to protect his head from falling debris.
“Your highness,” he called out again. Still no answer “King Ont-”
“Your king is not here warrior.”
Instantly, Balis’s body tensed as he turned to face the male standing behind him. Covered from head to toe in a blue cloak, the Warlock reeked from his use of black majick. Holding his sword firmly in his hands, prepared in case the traitor made any sudden moves, Bails closed the small space between the two of them.
“What have you done?” He spoke through clenched teeth. Once he was close enough, he gripped the male by the collar.
“What I always intended to do,” was the reply Balis received. Before he knew what was happening the Warlock vanished.
“Show yourself!” Balis bellowed in his rage as his eyes scanned the room. “I am done with your tricks,” he spoke as he stepped over a piece of fallen ceiling. “The scent of dark majick clings to you.” His sword at the ready, the light from Dragmar’s flame highlighting the shadows, he headed towards the destroyed remains of the king’s throne. There the scent of black majick was the strongest. Even with the Warlock trying to cloak his presence it was still easy for Balis to tell where the male was. Lowering his sword, he decided it was best to use his majick to unmask the male. He shot a short blast of majick from his hand. When his blast connected with nothing but debris, he frowned.
“The Faye,” there was a sudden blast from behind that sent Balis flying across the room. He landed hard against a mound of fallen stone. His breath left him as his skull cracked against the hard surface. For a moment everything went black. As his vision slowly returned to him, he looked up to see the figure of the Warlock standing above him. He tried to move his arms, but they were too heavy to lift. All he needed to do was reach for his sword that was a few inches away from him.
“Your entire race disgusts me,” the Warlock spat.
Balis opened his mouth to speak. Nothing came out. His eyes narrowed on the Warlock. His face hidden under the cloak, Balis couldn’t see the male’s face.
“You are a weak species who deserves to be whipped off the face of this planet,” his words were laced with venom and hate as he raised one of his hands. Balis unable to move could only watch as a sphere of black majick formed in the male’s palms. His heart raced in his chest as panic began to consume him. He could feel the darkness as it surrounded him. Little by little his vision began to dim. His immovable body felt as if it was slowly sinking into the ground, through the stone, pushing against his spine, past the debris and into the nothingness of death.
“Death is what you all deserve,” the sphere continued to grow larger. “For the death of my master, you will all suffer,” larger it grew. Darker than night, the sphere contained all of the hatred within the Warlock, composed of his very essence the stench of the majick ball nauseated Balis. It pushed him closer to the edge of darkness. “Your king has fallen and so shall you.”
Balis didn’t have time to wonder about the Warlock’s last words, nor about the welfare of the king. All he had enough time to do was watch through his dimming vision as the Warlock released his majick. A silent screamed ripped from Balis’s throat as the majick met the flesh of his abdomen. The dark power tore through his skin, making its way through his body and into the ground. Pain, the likes of which he had never felt, shot through him. So much so that tears formed in his eyes. He could feel his heart as it slowed; numbness crept through him as the sphere made its way through his body, disappearing as it hit the floor. The scent of his blood filled the air.
Damn it. He cursed himself and his foolishness. He should have known better than to rush into a fight with the Warlock, not knowing what his true powers were. He had underestimated the male and overestimated his own power. He had made the mistake of turning his back on his enemy and being caught off guard. Now he would pay the ultimate price. Failure left a dead weight in his soul.
“Now there is nothing standing in my way,” the Warlock’s dark laugh was the last thing he heard before he drifted into the darkness.

Descending the stairs into some hidden dungeon she had stumbled upon, Misty couldn’t shake the feeling that something was seriously wrong. As she weaved her way down into the darkness, she felt her heartbreaking in her chest. The emotion was so sudden that hot tears ran down her cheek.
What is wrong with me? She had to take a moment to gather herself. Standing in between two steps, she rested her back against the cool wall. Taking deep breaths, she struggled to pull herself together. The weight of unknown loss settled on her shoulders as tears fell from her face to the floor. In the darkness sobs wracked her body.
Gods… She sank down to her knees. Hitting the back of her head against the wall she did what she had wanted to do from the moment she found Alexios’s body. The image of him, lying in a pool of his own blood, blue eyes lifeless as they stared out into the darkness would haunt her forever. For the life of her she couldn’t figure out how the strongest male she had ever known was able to be taken down. There was no way. No way, that any male or being should have landed a blow on him. Not with his skills. Not with their father being who he was. The tears fell faster. Her breathing was labored as her soul began to fall apart. She mourned for the brother she never knew, for the relationship that would never be.
“Alexios,” she whispered his name in the darkness. Her lips salty from her tears she prayed her father could hear her. That he would listen to her prayers.
Misty… A deep voice gently caressed her mind. It was a familiar voice that when she was a youngling soothed her in her times of distress. Now, it did nothing to ease her pain. Not when it felt like a piece of her was missing.
Misty… She could feel him reaching out for her with his power. Seeking to soothe her like he always did.
Father, her broken soul reached out for the only being she knew that could heal her.
Do not worry. Everything will be fine. He told her. Though she could feel his assurance she couldn’t accept it.
Please… bring him back. She pleaded to him. He was the only one who could do such a thing. She had seen it first hand when her mother had been killed the first time. She had been a youngling, but she still remembered the way her father had come before her as she held her dead mother in her arms. Tears running freely down her face. With nothing more than a soft caress to the face, his power had returned her mother back to her. It was the memory of that light she saw, of that power she felt that she placed her hopes in now.
My darling daughter, you know that I cannot do that. His tone was soft yet firm.
Father, I beg you. I-
I said I cannot. His rejection succeeded in creating more sobs.
Why not? She demanded.
I cannot interfere this time. Demonstrating how great his power was she could feel his hand, though it wasn’t present, as it wiped the tears from her eyes. Know that everything will be fine. Trust in me and my knowledge... I won’t leave you alone again. There was a hint of sadness to his tone now.
For a moment, old memories threatened to consume her; her mother’s second death and the events that took place after. Quickly, she stopped herself from going back to that dark place. As for her father, she knew he was right. She had no choice but to trust him. There were greater powers at play. While she didn’t like being a pawn in their games, there was nothing she could do about it now. Even so, she couldn’t place her blind faith in a father that abandoned her when she needed him the most.
Misty, you must move. You have to reach her before the rising of the Red Sun. You must buy us some time.
Us? 
You must get up. His tone commanded, and she obeyed. Brushing away her tears she pushed herself to her feet. Find the princess, give her hope and know that I am always with you. With that she felt his presence leave her. Alone in the darkness, she steeled herself against her emotions and resumed her mission with a new determination flowing through her veins. She continued down the dungeon steps until she came to a large door.
I will put my faith in you this time father… and with my brother. With her vision now readjusted to the darkness, she found the door’s handle. Turning the knob, she pushed open the heavy door. Its creaking sound echoed through the empty space. Sticking her head in through the opening she was shocked by the brightness of the cells that lined both sides of the hall. Frowning, she stepped through the door. As it slammed heavily behind her, she began to make her way down the hall. Her footsteps light so they wouldn’t echo through the air. Her heart hammered in her chest as a chill crept down her spine. She took in each cell that she walked past. All of them were aligned with candles and skulls. Their bars were decayed and falling apart, while the flames from the candles played along the walls. She would wonder later exactly whose skulls, those were. What concerned her now was the upcoming cell to her left. The closer she came to the cell the tenser her body became. The small space radiated a darkness that chilled her very core.
 Her steps were hesitant as she came to stand in front of the cell. While the other cells had been lined with candles and skulls, bright and haunting, this one was dark. There was no light. As she stood drawn to the dark abyss fear snaked its way through her. Though the cell was dark and appeared empty she knew that something evil lurked in the shadows. She could feel it, sense it. Every molecule in her body told her to run. To get as far away as she could, away from these cells, away from the palace and away from the Faye if she wanted to live. Yet she remained where she was. She would not let her fear stop her. Through the darkness, she could feel the soft light of the princess as she struggled to hold on.
“Just hold on Tara. I’m come-,” a noise came from the darkness. Before Misty could react, a black hand, created from the dark matter of the cell reached out and grabbed her. Wrapping around her body, it pulled her into the darkness. Its dark energy mixing with her own as it swallowed her whole.
Chapter 32

When Tara awoke the last place she expected to find herself was in a dungeon surrounded by darkness. As her heavy lids lifted and her eyes adjusted to the darkness, she knew that she hadn’t been dreaming. That everything that had happened to her was real. From the time she spent with Alexios to the armor clad male that had chased her down… had all been real. Fresh tears began to fall down her face.
Alexios!! Her mind screamed as the last image she had of him pushing her away from him played in her mind; telling her to run with a look of fear and horror in his eyes that she would never forget. Her heart raced in her chest as she pushed herself up from the cold floor. He had told her to run and run she had. With the minions of the Warlock on her tail, she had run as fast as her legs would carry her. She pushed them until they burned, yet that still hadn’t been enough. Somehow they had managed to trap her.
Alexios… She reached out to him. Closing her eyes, she brought her tired legs to her chest.
Alexios… Her soul needed to feel the comfort of his presence. To know that he was alive, well and on his way to her, that he would rescue her from the cold darkness that surrounded her. Yet, as she struggled to reach him all she received was silence. Nothing, not a spark in his energy or a tug from his mind... there was nothing but emptiness.
Alexios…please.
A sob escaped her as she felt the last of her hope slowly melt away. She couldn’t feel him, couldn’t trace him. A dead weight settled in the pit of her stomach as panic made its way through her body. Something was wrong. She could feel it down in her core. Never had she been unable to reach her warrior, no matter where he was. He had always been there. Even when she had been trapped in the arena or with the Sapplings she had always felt his presence. Felt his determination and resolve to find her no matter what. Now… now there was nothing. Another sob escaped her as she pulled her knees closer to her body.
Without Alexios she was alone. With him gone, she could sense the darkness around her. Afraid she refused to open her eyes. Too scared to see what awaited her in the depths of the dungeon.
Ale…xios
Her world was crumbling, falling down around her and she was too weak to do anything. Her heart and soul felt as if it had been shredded into pieces. Lost and alone in the darkness, she knew no other option than to sit and cry.
“Shh, young princess,” the soft voice penetrated the darkness. Even though the voice was soft and soothing she could still sense the malice behind it. The stench of black majick suddenly filled the air around her. Gripping herself tighter, she prayed someone would save her. A chill ran down her spine. Goosebumps broke out across her skin as the voice continued to speak, “there is no need to fear the darkness. Here, come and let me embrace you.” A sudden shift in the cold air had the temperature in the room rising. The sound of torches being lit echoed around her. Still, she refused to lift her head.
Alexios… please save me. Her heart continued to reach for him. She could not give up on him, no matter how futile her attempts would be to reach him. To lose him when she had just gotten him to admit his love for her was too much for her to bear. If she was forced to lift her head, to face the dark reality in front of her, her mind would fracture and shatter.
“Come princess,” suddenly, she felt cold breath across the top of her head. “Show me those pretty eyes of yours that have ensnared the heart of my favorite toy.” She felt a cold hand caress her arm. Its’ cold touch seared Tara’s skin. She flinched. Backing farther against the wall, she wished it would swallow her whole so she could escape the terror swelling in her chest.
The being’s dark laugh vibrated through her. “Are you sure you won’t lift your head,” it paused. A dark feeling settled in the pit of her stomach from the sudden silence. “And see who has come to visit you. Don’t you want to see your father after such a long separation?”
Father? Her mind questioned. What would her father be doing here? He was supposed to be in the palace, with her sisters, protecting them all from the whims of the Warlock. If he was here than who was on the throne? Panic rose and bubbled over to the surface.
“Lift your head and see your beloved king,” the voice mocked.
“No,” she whispered into her knees. She would not give this being, the satisfaction of seeing her fear reflected in her eyes.
“No?” She had a feeling the being had raised a brow at her. “You are telling me no?” It continued to question her. The temperature in the room suddenly dropped as the scent of black majick increased.
“I will not.” She spoke, her voice sounding stronger than she felt.
 “You do not command me.” She told the voice again. Though she was scared, terrified to be more precise, she would not give the creature anymore power over her.
You must show him that you are not some delicate creature that will crumble under pressure or run from danger. Misty’s words echoed in her head, giving her a stronger resolve. How could she ever be the female Alexios needed if she continued to run from her fears?
“I am not afraid of you,” she whispered again as she forced her panic into submission. She would remain strong for her warrior.
“What did you say little princess?” The voice’s tone had dropped an octave, the air in the room getting colder.
“I said I am not afraid of you.” Slowly, she uncurled herself and rose to her feet. Her legs felt as if they would crumble under her. She willed them to support her weight, lifting her head, her blond hair falling out of her face, and finally looked at the voice that had spoken to her.
When she locked gazes with the being in front of her the world began to spin. The fear she had gained temporary control over came rushing forward. Her hands, balled into small fists, shook at her sides. It had been a long time since she had last seen the male in front of her, but his face was one she would never forget. His black eyes had haunted her for many nights after the war. His laugh had echoed in her head while his voice lingered, telling her that he would see her again. Never in a million years would she have thought he would hold true to his promise. Tall and lean the male in front of her had rained down chaos and pain on her kingdom. He had tortured and killed those closest to her without remorse. Females and younglings, it made no difference to him. All that mattered was his quest for power. With his command of black majick absolute, he had commanded legions of dark creatures that had bombarded the palace and slaughtered countless Fayes. Blood had cloaked his robe as he stepped over corpse after corpse of fallen Faye. If it had not been for Alexios and his warriors, he would have taken her kingdom, killed her father and ruled supreme.
“Ku’Vane,” she blinked over and over in disbelief, hoping, praying that it was all a bad dream. There was no way he was still alive. Not after what Alexios had done to him. She had been there, had seen his head viciously ripped from his body, watched as his lifeless corpse dropped to the ground and disintegrated right before her eyes in the throne room. His head had been burned and his ashes scattered towards the north lands, the land of the cursed, where the Queen Witch lived; the only place where his soul would be totally obliterated.
She had been there. Had seen it all, so then how… how he was still standing in front of her, looking as if nothing had happened. His face, which the last time she had seen it had been covered in a horrific rage after being parted from its beloved body, was as beautiful as ever. Sharp and chiseled features she was sure he used some type of black majick to keep him looking young and healthy. His nose was straight, perfectly healed from when Alexios had broken it. His lips, no longer busted and bleeding, were perfect. Even his hair, which had been singed off from a spell that had backfired during his battle with her warrior, had grown fully back. Its silver color shined in the low light of the torches.
“I am so glad you haven’t forgotten about me. I have not forgotten about you,” he took a step forward. His body no longer had the lanky and fragile build from before. The black cloak he wore, though it hung loosely from his body, hinted at a wider chest and shoulders. Strong legs supported his new found weight as he continued to approach her. The closer he came the darker the aura around him became. She backed away from him until her back was pressed firmly against the wall. Her eyes wide in panic, she watched as a slow smile spread across his pale face.
He’s going to kill me. The voice in her head screamed with panic. As he faced her, standing close enough that she could feel the coldness of his body, a scream welled up inside of her. Body shaking with fear, she could hear her heart pounding wildly in her chest as she fought to breathe.
“Yes,” he practically moaned, “your fear… that is what I need. What I crave…” He reached an elegant hand out and caught the loose strands of her hair. She watched, shocked still, as he twirled the pieces in his slim fingers. “Tara Du’ Faye…”
Between panic and fear, Tara had a hard time comprehending what was going on. The way he spoke her name seemed as if he was savoring it. The intensity of his gaze unnerved her. There was something, dark and twisted, beneath his gaze. As he leaned in, she stopped breathing. His lips close enough to hers, all he had to do was tilt her head up and their lips would meet.
What is going on? Though she willed her body to move, fear had immobilized her. With him being that close to her, the scent of evil majick engulfed her.
“You are by far the most special of the princesses,” he whispered with a husky tone to his voice. “That is why you shall be the first.”
First? First for what?
“Come, let me show you something,” with that he released the strand of hair he had been playing with and backed away from her. 
I need to get out of here. She needed to run; to find a way out of this dark dungeon and to her warrior. Time was running out, she could feel it all the way to her core. As she looked around, her eyes darting all around her, she saw nothing but torch lit walls and Ku’Vane standing in front of her with a smile of dark satisfaction on his face. There were no doors that would lead her to her freedom.
“Don’t bother,” she turned her attention back to him. “There is no escape for you. Until the Red Sun coats the sky and the barrier is broken, you are trapped here with me.”
Trapped? Here? With him? 
Finally, her legs gave out from under her and she sunk down to the floor.  How could this have happened? She stared blankly at the ground, unable to get a grip on her reality. Only when his shadow fell over her did she look up at him. As she locked gazes with him she once again felt herself drowning in the dark abyss that made up Ku’Vane’s soul. There was no hope for her now.
“Come with me princess. There is something I would like to show you,” he held out his hand to her. Absently, she took it, what other choice did she have. With nowhere to run, nowhere to hide, she had only one choice. Effortlessly, he pulled her to her feet. Out of touch with herself and the events happening, she was easily guided through the dark cell. The chains, that she hadn’t noticed, fell to the floor.
Alexios… please… answer me… With all she had left, she reached out to him one last time, hoping, praying, that she would feel something. Still, no matter how hard she reached, how much she prayed, there was nothing... just a deafening silence that once again broke her heart.
“Tears?” She felt the coolness of his fingertips as they brushed against her cheek. Another chill ran down her spine. “You shed tears and you haven’t seen my gift to you yet,” he lifted her chin so that he could stare into her eyes. “I can see eternity in your eyes,” he whispered. Before the meaning of his words could take root, he released her. Looking up past his solid figure, she found herself staring into darkness. Confused, she glanced behind her. Across the room the torches still burned bright. She turned her attention back to the darkness in front of her. There was no light on this side of the room. Not one torch lined the wall or the floors. Nothing, yet as she stared into the black abyss that oozed with the stench of dark majick she felt a lingering presence.
“Here, let me show you something worthy of your tears,” she watched, noting that his gaze never wavered from her as he waved his hand through the air. Though she was sure he didn’t use much of his power, she still felt its energy flow through her. It was a dark energy that made her want to run and cower in the nearest corner. She didn’t want to imagine what his true majick felt like. “Now see those you should truly weep for.”
With her stomach doing flips, she watched as one by one the ones she held closest to her heart appeared before her. She didn’t think her panic and fear could get any worse, but as she stood staring at the bloodied and battered faces of her family she knew what true fear felt like. Her heart beat pounded so hard in her chest that it actually started to hurt.
“What… how…?” Her voice cracked as she took in the torn rags of her sisters’ dresses. Their bruised bodies were chained to an unseen wall. Hands bound high above their heads and ankles crossed, they looked worse than she did. The scent of stale blood drifted into her senses. She took a step forward, her arm reaching out to those she loved.
“Now this princess,” she felt an arm wrap around her waist, pulling her back into a solid chest, “deserves your tears.”
“Claire… Joy… Alexandra,” she choked back sobs. It had been so long since she last saw her sisters. While she longed to see them again, the last place she expected to see them was here, in the broken conditions that they were in. Her gaze traveled from her left to her right as she studied each of her sisters carefully. Claire’s head hung low, her blonde hair falling in her face was dirty and caked with dried blood. Though from the foul stench of it, it wasn’t her own. Knowing that the blood that covered her sister was their enemies’, Tara felt a small bit of relief flow through her. However, it was short lived as she looked at Joy. Chained to the wall in the same position as Claire, Joy’s hair also hung in front of her face. Unlike Claire, the blood that covered Joy was a mix between hers and whatever creature she had been fighting. Her already slim body appeared more frail than usual. Bruises, black and blue, covered her arms and legs.
Joy… 
She reached for her sister. Just like Alexios, she received no answer. “Joy,” she found herself calling out.
“She can’t hear you,” the warmth of Ku’Vane’s voice caressed her ear. The coldness of his body sank into her as he continued to hold her to him. “None of them can hear you.”
A sense of dread mixed with her fear and panic. Her gaze shifted to her youngest sister. When she laid eyes on Alexandra’s cut and bruised body, her legs gave out from under her for the second time. Had Ku’Vane not been holding her up, she would have hit the floor. Her nightgown was shredded to pieces. There was barely enough fabric to cover her breast and hips from prying eyes.
Dear gods… Nausea hit her as she looked at her sister’s mangled arms and legs, flesh torn off from the front of them just before a black bruise around her ankle. Fresh blood dripped from her wounds to the ground. “Alex,” she called out to her sister, knowing that she wouldn’t get a response, but needing to reach out to her in some form; to let her know that she was there.
“Tara,” shock rocked her as Alex’s soft but low voice echoed through the room.
“Alex, I am here,” she practically shouted, unable to contain her emotions any longer. Tears ran freely down her face as she watched her youngest sister try to lift her head.
“Ta-,” as if she couldn’t struggle anymore, Alexandra dropped her head. Her black hair falling into her face as her entire body went limp against the chains.
“Interesting, seems she still has some fight in her.” She felt his grip on her tighten. “I apologize for her rough appearance, I told my beasts to be gentle with her but once they smelled blood…” She felt him shrug nonchalantly behind her.
Hanging her head, she couldn’t believe the cruelty of the male behind her. “Why?” she whispered weakly.
For a moment she received no answer. “Why?” she asked again, this time louder.
“Because I can and there is no one to stop me this time.” Releasing her, she stumbled forward but he caught her by her forearm. Spinning her around, he forced her to meet his gaze. “The first time I invaded your kingdom it was for power. This second time it will be for revenge. You foolish Faye, you thought you had won. Thought that your warriors had beaten me, but in truth princess,” once again, he found a strand of loose hair to toy with.
Tired of his games, of feeling weak and helpless, she found the strength to slap his hand from her hair. In an instant the fear she had felt vanished, replaced with a rage and hatred so profound her body shook from the force of it. Meeting his gaze once more, she faced off with the monster that wanted her kingdom.
“There is the Tara Du’ Faye that I remember,” the smile that worked on the edge of his lips only served to infuriate her more.  As if her actions motivated him, he stepped closer to her. “The truth of the matter princess is that when your beloved warrior took my head, he did exactly what I needed him to do.”
“What?” she blinked, not sure if she had heard him right.
“You heard me princess. It is thanks to your warrior and his dark power that I was able to cross the barrier and claim the ancient power for my own. With the rising of the Red Sun all those years ago I knew that I could not physically cross the barrier. I needed a bridge, something that would connect me to the power.” He walked around her, coming to stand in front of his collection of princesses. “I needed a male of mixed bloodlines, one tied to both the ancient gods and that of the dark power.”
“Alexios,” she said in a shocked breath. The smile that he turned to give her chilled her all the way to the bone.
“Yes, your precious warrior. He was the key to it all.”
“But, you tried to kill him,” she couldn’t understand.
“Yes, I did. It was a silly move on my part. Fueled by rage, ignorance and part self-preservation,” he paused. “I can’t express to you how grateful I am that his worthless god of a father saved his life… don’t look so surprised princess. There is a lot that I know.” He walked back towards her. “For instance, I know that you have thrown yourself at the warrior countless times,” he tisked at her, “that is unsightly behavior for a princess of the Faye.”
She could only stare at him as he continued. “Your warrior was the reason I came to the Faye. I knew that should your life be in danger, he would react. All thought of loyalty to the king would be forgotten. You were his soul reason for staying with the Faye. You led me to him. The moment he separated my head from my body, my sprit was able to slip into the barrier before it closed and merged as one with the power.”
Impossible… there was no way. She just couldn’t accept that she and Alexios, the whole kingdom had been used as his pawns. In an effort to stop him, they had actually given him exactly what he wanted.
“It took me a long time to gain true control over this power, a long time of listening through the barrier, of waiting for the right moment to make a move. I knew the Warlock would seek revenge for me. That while he sought to repay the Faye for what he thinks they did, he would also want the power for his own. He was always the ambitious one. But, I must say that I do applaud him and his ability to do what I couldn’t.”
“What is that?” She found herself asking.
“To get close to the royal family of course, to use the king’s only blind spot against him, to fracture his kingdom and immobilize his most elite warriors. To gain his daughters…” He caressed her face softly. It was a soft caress that had her eyes widening so much that she thought her eyes would pop out of their sockets. “Don’t look so surprised princess. I won’t lie to you; now that I have obtained the power I wanted I found there is something else I want.”
“What… is… that,” though she really didn’t have to ask. His intention was reflected in his gaze.
“You,”
For a long moment, she could do nothing more than stare at him, lost in the truth and the new reality of her situation.
He stepped closer to her, so close that their chests touched. “I have had a long time to think and I have decided that I want you. From the moment I first saw your blue eyes, wide in horror; I have been drawn to you, pulled by these unseen strings. When I saw your affections for the warrior… let’s just say I didn’t like it. But with him gone you no longer have any reason to deny me.”
Was he serious? There’s no way he could be. As she continued to be confronted by his truth, she couldn’t deny his words. When they finally sunk in outrage filled her.  Stepping away from him, she squared her shoulders and did the only thing she could since she was trapped with him. “You hunt down my sisters, throw my kingdom in chaos and you expect me to… to…” she couldn’t get the words out fast enough, “to love you.”  His serious expression had a laugh escaping her before she could stop it.
“You mock me?”
Sobering, she faced him. Heart pounding in her chest, she was sure her next words were going to condemn not only herself, but the rest of her kingdom to darkness. “Understand this Wizard, I will never love something as vile and disgusting as you. You have murdered and slaughtered countless. Your hands are tainted with the innocent lives you have spilled. The stench of black majick seeps from your pores. Though your outward appearance is perfect, your insides have been twisted and deformed into something unsightly. You disgust me. The thought of you touching any part of me makes me want to slit my wrist.” Holding his stare, she spoke her last words with the same conviction she used when she told Alexios she loved him. “I hate you. You’re a vile and disgusting male. I will never love something like you.”
“Really?” Was the only response she received from him. She didn’t sense a change in his attitude or a spike in his majick to let her know that she had offended him. “We shall see. You speak pretty bravely, but we will see how you feel once everything is said and done.” He paused, looking her over. “You have not been properly nourished in the time you spent with my Sapplings,” with a wave of his hand, she felt herself being transformed. Hunger pains, no longer sat in the pit of her stomach. She looked down to find that her ribs, no longer stuck out from her body. She was back to her normal slender but healthy frame thanks to Ku’Vane and his black majick.
“There, now that is better. That is the proper way a princess should look.” He smiled a crooked smile that enraged Tara. “Look at yourself now,” with another wave of his hand, he summoned a mirror for her to see herself. When she laid eyes on a version of herself that she hadn’t seen in ages she wanted to weep.
This was not how her life was supposed to turn out. It was not Ku’Vane, the monster who wanted to destroy her world, who should see her looking as beautiful as she did now. Alexios was the one who deserved to see her in all her splendor. Her warrior should be the one who gazed at her with pride and love in his eyes. Then when they were alone, he would be the one to undress her. Not Ku’Vane, who stood staring at her with lust filled eyes.
“The extent of my power is vast,” he waved his hand and the mirror vanished. “This is nothing compared to what I have in store for you. Come princess and join with me.” Once again, he extended his hand. “Rule with me in my new kingdom. With your warrior gone, your love is mine. Give in to me and I will spare the Faye.” As she listened to him, his voice changed. Turning into something soft and intimate, like a lover, seducing her with his promise of safety for her family. No more fighting, no more death. Yet she could not lift her hand to take his. She may have been young but she was no fool. His desire for her may save the Faye, momentarily, but what of the rest of the world: The Elves and the good wizards that practiced their god’s teaching peacefully in the Western Mountains, or the witches to the north. None of them would be spared from his dark reign.
If she stood by his side not only would he have the power of his dark majick but the entire army of the Faye behind him; as the King’s daughter, the next in line to marry, her kingdom and her kin would be forced into submission. Ku’Vane and his dark rule would know no bounds. Free of the barrier that now held him, he would be unstoppable and she’d be branded a traitor.
No, no matter what she would not be branded a traitor or the reason the world fell into darkness. No matter the cost she would fight until her last breath. Her gaze went pass him to her sisters. Seeing them like that, broken and battered, only served to strengthen her resolve. 
Alexios… where ever you are… I will be strong until you come for me. Though she could not feel his presence, she knew that he could hear her, no matter where he was. He would come for her and all would be well. At least that’s what she prayed for. She hopped her thoughts reached Bozark.
“Princess, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity I am offering you. I have placed in your hands the fate of your race, of your beloved sisters,” he paused, cocked his head to the side as if a thought had crossed his mind. “Would it be that bad to rule beside me? To have the love of the most powerful male in all the lands…rule with me.” The last of his words were whispered as he continued to hold his hand out to her.
“The love of the most powerful male?” She looked him in the eyes, defiant in her actions as her next word would seal the fate of the world. “I will never join your side.” Her words came out stronger than she thought they would. Straightening her spine and raising her chin defiantly she hardened her voice even more. “How dare you use the word love when you know nothing about it? You love nothing but darkness. You view those around you as nothing more than mere puppets to be used and discarded at your whim. Why would I want something as vile as that when I have the love of a true male? Rest assured that once he has found me all of your foolish ambitions will be put to rest and once again you will find your head separated from your body. This time there will be no coming back.” Though fear coursed through her body as the dark wizard narrowed his gaze on her, the sudden stench of black majick and hate radiating off of him, she would not back down. No matter how much she wanted to run and hide from the monster in front of her. Her love and faith in herself and her warrior held her resolve. She would happily embrace her death and the afterlife before she ever betrayed her love for Alexios.
For a long moment Ku’Vane stood staring at her. Just as it seemed that their silence would last forever, he dropped his hand.
“Your warrior is dead… and so is the rest of your world.” He stepped closer to her. It took all her strength to remain in place and not back away from him. He reached out his hand, caught a piece of hair between his fingertips, “and you will succumb to my every whim, fulfill my every desire because you have no other choice, as you will soon find out.” With those last forbidding words uttered he released her hair and turned from her. “When I return we shall see what your new answer will be,” just like that, he vanished from her sight, leaving her alone in the darkness.
Her gaze found her sisters again. Chained, they looked hopeless and fragile.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered as her new found strength left her. Her legs giving out from under her, she sank down to the floor. Fresh, hot tears staining her cheeks as she looked at the dark future that lay before her.
Chapter 33

Alexios… Alexios… please… save… me…
He could hear her. Her soft, panicked voice reached him through the darkness. The light of her spirit reached out to him. He found himself reaching out for her, needing to touch her light, to feel its heat against his face. How long had it been since he last saw the light? Since he last touched her soft flesh, felt her lips against his? Ever since the talk with his father, he had been lost in a void. Unable to keep track of time, the only thing he could keep measure of was the emptiness that had grown inside of him.
Princess… his shattered soul reached out to her. Desperately seeking her light, yet no matter how hard he tried she always managed to escape his grasp. I will save you…
But, how? How could he save her when he couldn’t save himself?
The power you have inside of you…
Suddenly, he remembered his father’s departing words. You can restore your own life… save the one you love…
Yes, he would save her. He would do anything to have her safe and in his arms again. Even if that meant that he had to tap into the darkness inside of him. A part of him that now begged for release. He had always felt it presence lingering in the back of his mind, encouraging him to relish the blood he spilled in war.
Tara… his heart, his love, he would not lose her. Reaching into the depth of his soul, where the core of his new found power had awakened, he summoned his majick. As it filled the space around him, igniting his senses, empowering him, he felt a presence reaching out to him.
“Alexios…” at first he wasn’t sure if he heard right or if it was his mind playing tricks on him. “Alexios…”
Mother? His own voice was a youngling’s whisper in his head.
“My precious Alexios, you have grown into quite the male.” Her voice soft and filled with love made him want to weep. While he could hear her, he could not see her in the darkness. “Awake my son… awake and seek revenge on those who have wronged you.”
“Mo…the...r” this time he did weep.
“Do not weep. I have come just for you, to guide you and help you on your journey. You have the power of mixed blood, a descendent of the ancient bloodlines. There is nothing you cannot do. All you must do is will it and it shall be done, my love.”
His brain on overload he couldn’t respond. Mixed emotions circled through him as he struggled to get a grip on himself, as the guilt of not being able to save her washed over him.
 I… am… so sorry.
For a long moment there was silence and he feared that she had left him again. His soul began to shatter all over again.
“I love you, Alexios. I have always loved you. It is not your fault but my destiny. I always knew what would become of me. My fate was sealed the day I met your father…” there was a pause and he got the feeling that where ever she was she was looking down smiling at him with the same tender expression she always looked at him with. “There is nothing for you to feel sorry for.” Though he couldn’t see her, he could feel the warmness of her hand as it caressed the side of his face. “My beautiful warrior, you are so much like your father. I love you both so very much. One day we shall be reunited. Until then, you must protect those you love. You must save the princess, whose soul cried out for you so loud that it reached my ears.”
There was a sudden light in the darkness. He watched eyes stinging from being in the dark so long, as a figure appeared before him. Stunning, he was speechless as his mother’s smiling face looked back at him. She radiated a glow so bright that it was almost too hard to look at her, but he refused to turn his head. Never had he seen such a beautiful female in all his life.
Mother…
She had crossed over to him, to help him when he was lost. She looked just as he remembered her, thick and long black hair that fell in waves over her shoulders. A beautifully curved body with long and shapely legs that were covered in the sheer blue fabric of her clan, the flesh of her toned stomach pierced with rare jewels. He could easily understand why his father had been unable to turn her away. She was more beautiful now than she had been when she was alive.
“Come with me,” she extended a delicate hand. Her smile widening as she held it out to him. “You do not belong to the world of the lost.” Her blue eyes, the same as his, gazed at him with so much love and confidence that it made tears fall from his eyes. Before he knew it his hand was in hers. “I will never leave you.” She pulled him to his feet and to her. With her arms wrapped around him, he instantly reverted back to the small youngling he’d been that wanted nothing but the smiling face of his mother. “I love you.” She placed a soft kiss on his forehead. As he went to tell her he loved her too, he felt his soul being pulled away from her. He began to panic.
No… please… stay with me. He begged with fresh tears running down his face, as the force pulled harder on his soul.
The sad smile he received from her had his heart breaking a million times over. “I will never leave you,” the pull on his soul grew stronger. “I love you.” Her last words reached his ears just before he was dragged back into the darkness…
Alexios was jerked back into his body, his heart beating hard and rapid in his chest as he struggled to drag air into his burning lungs. Blinking rapidly to get the dirt out of his eyes, he struggled to piece together everything that happened. It was all a hazy dream, or more like nightmare that he couldn’t wake up from. The last thing he could clearly remember was telling the princess to run. After that, things became a little blurred. He knew there was some type of fight, one that he lost. Absently, his hand went to his neck. Along his flesh, he felt the jagged line of skin that had recently fused back together. Clearly whomever he had fought had gotten the better of him, had actually killed him if the foggy bits of images from the farside that kept playing through his head were any indication.
Mother…
He called out to her knowing, feeling, that her presence was with him.  She had been real. He had touched her, had seen her face again. She didn’t blame him or hate him. She loved him, loved him more than anything else in the world and she would never leave him. He knew that now. After seeing her, knowing that she was at peace, a calm settled over a small piece of him. The guilt that he had been feeling ever since his father unlocked his memories had vanished. All that resided in him now was fortified determination and the need for revenge. He would save the princess, make the Warlock and all his minions pay for the deaths they had caused. He vowed he would mount the Warlock’s head on spear and place it at the palace gate for all to see. His severed head would serve as a reminder to all those who opposed the Faye, that death was certain should they ever attempt to harm the royal family or his princess. Yet, before all that, he had to get to the palace before the Red Sun rose.
He looked above him. The sky had begun to lighten up, the crimson glow of the approaching Red Sun highlighting the horizon. He had to hurry. Straightening himself, he surveyed his surroundings. He was still in the forest; in the same area that he had fought and lost in. In the receding darkness, he could see the spot where his life had seeped out of him and onto the forest ground. He looked behind him and frowned. There was a large ditch, more like a grave that was deep enough to bury a body in.
Was that for me? He looked down at himself. He was covered from head to toe in the dirt. That really wasn’t a dream...
 He had failed in his duties, he had failed to keep the princess safe and return her to the palace… he would not fail again. He could not fail.
Warlock…
 He would kill the male, slowly and mercilessly. He would make sure the male’s suffering would be slow and painful. Retribution for the lives he had destroyed, payment for the fear he caused the princess.
The image of her wide blue eyes, staring at him with fear and horror flashed into his mind. His hands fisted at his sides as his rage coursed through him. He could feel the familiar twinge of bloodlust making its way through him. Closing his eyes, he channeled his anger, summoning the dark power that had awakened in him. Powerful, the majickal energy coursed through his veins, sharpening his senses. Slowly he lifted his lids, his surroundings becoming crystal clear.
Tara… with the image of her smiling face in his head, he vanished from the clearing and his grave to the Faye palace. It was time he put an end to the Warlock and his games. 

TO BE CONTINUED… 
Coming Soon…

DarKnight
 Dawn of the Red Sun
A Faye Princess Novel

Turn Page for Excerpt… 
Preview

The gates of the Faye Palace loomed over him. Their golden bars decaying from the amount of black majick that oozed from the palace walls. In the background the light of the twin moons slowly gave way to the crimson glow of the Red Sun. Soon the majickal barrier that held the darkest power in the world would weaken. The moment where his enemies sought to claim the ancient power as their own would soon arrive.
He could not let that happen.
Head spinning, still struggling with his cross over from the farside, Alexios let his newly awakened power course through him. Clenching and unclenching his hands, he felt his strength returning to him. Looking at his dirtied hands there was only one thought that crossed his mind.
Tara…
He would save her no matter what. If he had to kill every living creature inside the palace, bathe the halls in blood. The Warlock and all those helped him, who pained and hurt his princess, would pay with their lives.
But first, he had to find his army.
Vanishing from the gates, he reappeared at the back of the palace, by the lake the king had built to keep his young daughters entertained.  As he appeared a familiar scent hit him.
Kale.
The scent of the male’s blood still lingered in the air, mixed with that of Princess Alexandra and Griselda, the King’s greatest healer. Following their scents, Alexios headed towards the shadowed wall of the palace. Standing in the shadows of the palace, the presence of black majick surrounded him. There was something there, some creature lurking in the darkness, waiting to drag him back to the farside.
“Show yourself, creature. I know you are there.” Alexios spoke in the darkness. There was a rumble from beneath his feet. Looking down, he saw a black claw reaching for him. Quickly, he jumped from the shadows before the Shadow Beast’s claw could grab him.
“There you are.” Alexios watched as the creature stepped from the shadow. It’s large and massive body towering over Alexios.
Unimpressed with the creature before him, Alexios summoned his swords. Their golden blades shined in the rising crimson light of the sun.
“Don’t die too easily,” Alexios taunted the creature as he raised his swords. The black beast roared its rage into the sky. “Come creature, I don’t have time for your games.”
Red eyes narrowed at him as the beast rushed towards him. Its swiping claws intent on tearing him apart.
Too easy.
He dodged the creature’s sharp nails. Ducking, he sliced through the flesh of the best’s hand. Thick blood sprayed across Alexios’s face as the creature’s pained howl echoed through the air. Smiling, Alexios stalked the beast. Dark power and bloodlust coursing through him, he aimed the blade of his sword towards the creature’s black heart. Red eyes watched him in fear. Holding its wounded claw the beast tried to retreat into the shadows of the palace.
“Oh, no. you don’t.” Effortlessly, Alexios tossed his blade towards the creature. Just before it could fully submerge itself in the shadows, Alexios’s blade embedded itself deep into the beast’s chest. Death claimed the creature just before its body hit the ground. Lifeless, its head rested at Alexios’s feet.
“Disgusting creature.” Walking to where his sword rested in the dead beast’s carcass, he pulled the blade free. Black blood dripped from the tip of the blade as Alexios continued to stare down at the dead beast. His bloodlust nowhere near quenched, he yearned for more. He licked his lips. The stale taste of the creature’s blood coursed down his throat.
Your friends will be joining you, very soon.
“Alexios?” the feminine voice came from behind.
Not bothering to turn around, Alexios looked at the healer from over his shoulder, black eyes narrowing on the female behind him.
About the Author:

Layla J. Omorose graduated with a B.A in English for John Jay College of Criminal Justice and is currently working on several projects. DarKnight: Ancient Bloodlines is her second full length novel. Her first novel, Eternal Light, is available in both eBook format and print format. She lives in Queens, NY with her Shiba Inu named Bear. For more information you can contact this author online at the links listed below. Thank you for taking the time to read DarKnight: Ancient Bloodlines. Feel free to comment and give your opinion at the site from which the book was downloaded from. Layla is always interested to hear her readers’ responses and answer any questions. Once again thank you for your support:

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/LaylaJOmorose

Author’s blog: http://jthomas121088.blogspot.com/

Email: laylajomorose@gmail.com

Print on Demand: Amazon.com and TheBookPatch.com
